Down the Throat of the Mountain
By Jennifer Erickson

Published by Jennifer Erickson at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Jennifer Erickson


Chapter 1
June twentieth, 2013 was the day Janie Gundy's life ended and purgatory began, but she didn't know the half of it when she shook off the waiter, fighting tears, and ran blindly into the night.
Pausing under a streetlight to catch her breath, she tried to remember where she’d parked. She left Pearl Street behind, then turned uphill, past sleeping homes hunkered behind stately lawns. Her footsteps echoed as she limped through empty streets. She was a fool. A limping fool. She was eighteen years old, and her life was over.
Why hadn’t she just sprung for the garage? It was only, like, three bucks. If she was going to wear bodacious platform pumps, she should have parked closer. Or stayed home and refrained from making a spectacle of herself.
Grimacing, she rounded the next corner. Maybe this was the street. She dug out her keys. In forty minutes she’d be home to Dad, to Lacey’s wagging welcome, her down pillow and the oblivion of sleep.
That spot on her right temple itched. She reached up to rub it, then turned her head to glance behind her. Slam! The car keys flew out of her hand, and she was on her knees on the flagstone sidewalk.
A man said, "Ah...give us your purse." He smelled of dishrag.
"No," said Janie, and then had second thoughts. "I mean--"
He grasped the shoulder strap. She clenched the purse to her side, and he dragged her along with it.
"Just give us the purse, kiddo." He said as he tugged.
"I thought you said you’d done this before," said a second, chubbier man.
"I assure you I am doing it correctly," said Dishrag.
Janie said, "I need my phone and my driver’s license." The photo was excellent. Irreplaceable.
"Look, all we want is cash," said Chubby.
"If you want money you're talking to the wrong person."
"And credit cards," said Dishrag.
"What are we going to do with credit cards?"
"You’re not helping, so shut up."
Janie untucked her purse from under her arm and zipped it open. "I’ll give you six bucks."
Chubby stepped forward and ripped the purse from her hands, rummaged around and brought out her wallet. "We’ll take as much as we damned well please," he said.
"What are you doing?" said Dishrag.
"We said we’d let her keep her license."
"No we didn’t!" He leapt for the wallet. "Gimme that!"
Janie saw an opportunity. "I also want my purse back."
"No!" both men said at once.
"Why are you screwing around?" said Dishrag. He snatched the wallet and purse, whacked Chubby in the head. Coins flew out like confetti. Then he took off running with Chubby close behind.
"You assholes!" Janie screamed. "AAASSHOOOLES!"
She stomped around collecting coins, found her keys under a lilac hedge. She was so pissed off, she felt two feet taller.
Where was the damned car? She yanked off the stupid shoes. They had totally failed in their mission. As if just the right footwear could transform her into a siren and make her irresistible to George, her erstwhile employer. 
Ahead was an office building with revolving doors and a well-lit atrium. Inside, a uniformed guard lounged behind a desk, gulping soda from a two-liter bottle. Salt and pepper hair, slight paunch, a face you could trust.
Janie spun through the door, and as she approached, the guard lowered his feet and set down his Diet Mountain Dew.
"I'm lost," she said, swallowing a sob.
Her vision shimmered and immediately he was at her side, leading her to a black leather bench against the wall. He seemed awfully concerned, considering she hadn’t even told him what happened.
Somehow, she ended up curled on her side. When he appeared again and pressed a wad of paper towel to her head it came away bloody. Funny. When would she have hit her head?
He wanted to call the police, or call her parents at least. Janie begged him not to. She said she was fine, she couldn't take any more drama. Plus, Dad didn't know she was in Boulder. She was supposed to be at Emma Jackson's house.
Janie described where she'd parked her car and the security guard pointed her in the right direction. She put on the foolish platform pumps and wobbled back outside. He watched from the front of the building until she disappeared around the corner.

Sunshine blinded Janie when she woke up the next morning. She groaned at the ache in her head. Lacey leapt on the bed, nuzzled Janie’s face and leapt off again, then stood by Janie’s head, panting dog breath at her.
In the bathroom mirror, she got a look at the attractive new lump on her forehead. How would she explain that to Dad? Maybe he wouldn't notice.
Why hadn't she just stayed home? What had she been thinking? Okay, she knew what she'd been thinking. She knew that George was a Thursday night regular at The Med. Janie had orchestrated many of their "coincidental" meetings: "Oh, yes, I come here all the time. I'm surprised I haven't seen you here before." Never mind she was barely eighteen.
Usually, he wasn't there with his wife.
What had possessed Janie to cross the whole restaurant, park herself in front of their table and blurt out, "Gosh, you just can't go anywhere alone now, can you George?"
With all the clattering cutlery and scraping chair legs and laughter, the restaurant had been too loud for anyone to overhear, but still they sensed something, and people at neighboring tables paused to see what would happen.
Into that pocket of silence, George said clearly, "Janie, don't make a fool of yourself."
She'd reared back, face flaming, ears tingling, bumped into the table for two directly behind her. Red wine went sploosh all over the place. Two women stood, dripping, incredulous. A waiter and some guy from the kitchen rushed in, one on each side of Janie, and wrestled her away. Several patrons applauded. The waiter deposited her firmly on the doorstep. Looking back on it, she realized they hadn't even asked her to pay for her club soda with lime.
Janie had deserved to be mugged for that alone. Not to mention all the other ways she'd screwed up her life in the month since graduation.
She took two Excedrin, and another just because life was shitty, chugged a glass of orange juice and let Lacey out back to pee on stuff.
On the answering machine, the message light blinked. She ignored it. The land line was Dad's domain.
The house was silent. Dad must have gone out early. Maybe he'd bring home donuts and coffee. But that didn't make sense. Through the window she could see the car parked out on the road. She scrubbed at her temple.
She ate half an egg, scraped the rest into Lacey’s bowl, then opened the front door to get the paper. Something brown tumbled down the steps. Her purse! She tiptoed out in bare feet and collected it. Inside, she found her phone, her wallet with driver's license and her debit card. Only the cash was missing.
Had the muggers brought it all the way from town? And why? 
Janie's thoughts were interrupted by the jingle of her cell phone. She darted to pick it up. Old habit. As if George would be calling today.
"Janie," said her Aunt Margaret. "Your father’s in the hospital. Where have you been?"


Chapter 2
It was autumn of 1528 and Mouse's first vision quest. Sweat ran into Mouse's stinging eyes and dripped off his chin onto his bare knee. Sage scented steam crushed his chest. The hunger barely bothered him any more.
Grandfather and Uncle Bent were arguing as usual. Mouse's mind was so pure, their words flowed through him like a river.
Red nudged him. Mouse raised his head a fraction and tried to concentrate. It was Red's first vision quest as well, but Red was older and more experienced than Mouse. It was time, he said. They were ready to approach the Womb of the World.
They followed Grandfather up a drainage choked with downed timber, clambering over tree trunks and squeezing under them. Snowflakes spiraled out of the sky and melted on their bare skin.
When they finally reached timber line, Bent Nose loped away like a bear chasing ground squirrels.
Grandfather left Uncle Bent behind and continued up the steep open slope. The boys followed.
Finally, Grandfather stood still. At his feet was a jumble of small boulders, and in their midst a jagged hole, like a piece of the night sky had fallen there. Sweet-smelling wind breathed out of it.
This wind, Grandfather cupped in his palms and brought to his lips as though it were fresh spring water. He addressed the One Who Made All Things and prayed for a successful vision.
Uncle Bent bounded up, and before Grandfather could grab him, he popped into the hole.
Grandfather froze, a look of horror on his face. 
Grandfather told the boys to stay where they were. He said a short prayer, then climbed down into the Womb of the World after Bent Nose.
The boys stood, shivering in their breechclouts, gazing into the darkness of the cave. They heard Grandfather's murmur, Uncle Bent's sarcastic reply. Mouse and Red hugged themselves and bounced on their toes to keep warm.
The argument escalated. The boys kneeled on the ground and peered in, but Grandfather and Uncle Bent were out of sight. The sun peeked out from behind the clouds, and the cave walls sparkled for a moment. The boys glanced at each other and back into the hole.
Suddenly, Bent appeared below them and began to climb up.
"I am a bear now," said Uncle Bent. And then he grunted three times, just like a bear.
The boys took a step backward as Bent emerged from the hole in front of them.
"Where's Grandfather?" Red asked. "And why are you acting so strange?" 
Mouse craned around Uncle Bent to see if he was coming.
There was something clenched in Uncle Bent's fist.
"What did you take from the Womb of the World?" Red demanded, pointing at Uncle's hand.
Uncle Bent smiled mysteriously and slipped the thing into his medicine pouch.
"We can't take anything from here, Uncle Bent." Red's voice quavered. "Everybody knows that."
Bent Nose drew himself up.
"Grandfather!" Mouse called.
Uncle Bent laughed. He grabbed Red by the waist and threw him to the ground. "I am the bear!" he shouted.
Red began to scream. Mouse screamed, too. Where could he run? Uncle Bent was bigger and faster, and would catch him easily. His only hope was that Grandfather would protect him. He fled into the Womb of the World, calling "Grandpa, help!" But Grandpa was gone. In the darkness, Mouse stumbled on a warm body and scrambled to stay on his feet. He heard Uncle Bent puffing after him, closing the gap. Mouse could feel Bent strain toward him. In desperation, Mouse dove away from Bent's grasping fingers. And then things got stranger. Miraculous, even.
Mouse tumbled into clear air. Uncle Bent came tumbling past. Mouse landed with a crash on a rocky slope and skittered downward.
He caught hold of a chunk of rock and held on for dear life.
Dangling by one arm, he clawed at the scree. Then down he plummeted again, whistling through the air. The landing was painful and knocked the air out of him, but not as bad as you'd expect. Soon, he realized why: Bent's dead body had cushioned his landing. Mouse rolled off of him and dragged himself away.
Weighed down by the darkness, by horror and confusion and pain and the inability to breathe, Mouse collapsed to the dirt floor.
A voice brought him to his senses. It was his grandfather, but it was also a bear. Enough strange things had happened that day that Mouse didn't question it.
Grandfather-Bear said: "Take Bent Nose's medicine pouch."
Mouse felt his way over and slipped the leather thong from Uncle Bent's neck.
"It's yours now. Put it on," said the voice. Mouse did as he was told.
"Now follow the wind," said the Bear-voice.
Just then Mouse noticed a breeze. He turned and crawled into a ragged hole in the cave wall. 
He tumbled and skidded down, hitting his head. Somewhere in the center of the earth, he landed hard on a bed of rocks and gravel. A sweet breeze cooled Mouse's face. Stray hairs tickled at his cheeks.
He wanted to ask where he was going, but the question flew out of his head.
"Crawl forward," said Bear. "Follow the wind." Mouse crawled up, then down, then up through a narrow crack. 
The crack narrowed. Mouse flattened himself onto his belly and inched forward. 
"Go," whispered the Bear. "Go."
He wriggled and squeezed through faults in the rock, following the slight breeze in his face. Whenever he let himself think about it, he froze in fear and confusion until Bear whispered, "Go!"
Rainbows filled his eyes. He lived a thousand lifetimes, saw things so different from his own world, he couldn't even describe them in words: things from the past and perhaps from the future.
He realized that he wasn't alone, had never been alone. The Bear was with him, urging him on.
He was here, there and everywhere. He was fragmented, like the world reflected in a water drop. Every possibility distilled into one moment. 
Then, he was alone, in one place, a place of darkness and cold.
Out of the darkness, a pinprick of light seemed to wink at him. When he pressed his fingers over his eyelids, it disappeared. When he moved his fingers, it winked back to life. Heart jumping, he dug, dug toward the light.
He awoke in a small clearing by an aspen grove. Snow dusted the ground. Behind him was a cliff and at its base was an inky gash. How could he have squeezed through such a tiny slot? Perhaps he had simply willed himself outside. Perhaps he wasn't really outside at all, or maybe he had never been inside.
After that, he moved like a sleepwalker, guided by the bear voice in his head.
His mother found him asleep in a withered raspberry thicket. He had been gone for almost a moon.
All through the winter, in camp with his family, the voice from the cave stayed with him. Was the voice Mouse heard real, or had he imagined it? It was hard to tell the difference any more. They called it a gift, his inability to choose one reality. But it didn't feel like a gift. He worried all the time. He dreaded everything. No joy was pure. It was always: what if.
Bent Nose's medicine pouch weighed heavily around Mouse's neck. From time to time, he opened it up, spilled the contents into his palm. Inspected the glowing stone in the shape of a bear: the stone that Bent had taken from the Womb of the World.
To set down this burden, he knew that he must return to the Womb of the World.
Spring arrived. Streams burbled. The earth smelled clean. Birdsong filled the valley. Fawns curled up in dappled forest. Blah, blah, blah. Mouse saw it all, but the beauty only hurt him more.
Guided by Bear, he led his family back to the clearing where he'd been reborn from the cave. As they drew near, a deep hum rumbled in their chests. A hum of the deepest silence.
Legend would always say that Mouse drew something from his medicine pouch, crawled under that rock overhang into the cave, and his spirit left his body.
It was a little more complicated than that. It was more like he stopped making decisions there. He breathed in that sweet air, and the reasons for and against any choice after that were so numerous that he just gave up. Breathe or not breathe? Eat drink, speak, move? It was all too complicated. It wasn't so much that his spirit left his body, but that his body abandoned his spirit, and his spirit, homeless, had to leave.
Generations were born and died. Year-by-year, the gash opened like a mouth. The story of Mouse passed from father to son, mother to daughter many times.
And then one autumn, the bearded men came.


Chapter 3
It was 1861, and the family farm had the Johnson boys by the balls. Paul and Edward slaved six days a week, nursed their aching muscles on Sunday, then stumbled out at four a.m. Monday to plow turf, feed stock, haul water, prop up sagging fences, and every once in a while catch a glimpse of a girl, usually in the distance. Usually with her husband. Paul could see the future as plain as the Illinois horizon. Every single day of it would look exactly like today, until they dropped dead of exhaustion at age thirty, like their father. 
So when Paul heard a rumor of a city called Denver, a city of adventure, he didn't waste a lot of time dithering over whether he should give it a try, wondering whether it would be worth the risk. Pike's Peak Territory was littered with gold, they said, and all you had to do was pick up the nuggets lying on the ground. The problem was, after Paul was gone, Ma and Edward would have to hire a farm hand. Well, they'd just have to find the money, because Paul was leaving. He called a family meeting.
"I'm going to Denver to make my fortune," he said. 
Before Paul even finished explaining, Edward stood and walked into the bedroom.
Ma wept silently.
"Look, don't be like that," said Paul. "Just listen to me."
"I have listened," said Edward. "And I'm packing my kit. I'm going, too. Sorry, Ma."
A week later, Paul and Edward joined a wagon train headed west.
Denver swarmed with young men. The Johnson boys got drunk and slept late and reveled in stories of great riches and Indians and manly deeds, but they didn't find any gold on the street. Never mind, it was an adventure! They tailed a group of 59'ers toward the mountains and into a steep-walled canyon, crisscrossing a stream on a rough dirt track. Their boots disintegrated. Their feet bled. They filled their pockets with shiny rocks the whole way.
Several days from Denver, they came upon a sagging canvas tent where a board across two barrels served as a bar and fearless pack rats with teeth the size of a girl's fingers helped themselves from flour sacks heaped in the corner.
That was where they learned that the sparkling rocks they'd collected so gleefully on the way up the canyon were worthless. The boys paid fifty cents for something called Indian whiskey, a lecture on gold prospecting and the privilege of sleeping on the dirt floor. Since it was sleeting outside, that seemed like a bargain.
They befriended Rudy, a man they’d met on the trail that day who was slightly more seasoned than them, and full of advice, because everything you could do wrong, he’d already done. He seemed like a good kind of fellow, not a slickster out to take everything you had like a lot of the guys they met around, but a good sort, an honest Illinois boy like themselves. As they bedded down, their new friend rolled over. In the firelight, Paul could see the stain at Rudy's crotch and hoped to God it wasn’t what he thought it was.
Rudy said, "I tell you the place I'd dig if I was you. I’ll take you up there tomorrow and show you."
"Not this again," mumbled the saloon keeper.
Rudy whispered, "Them Indians says it's a cave of riches beyond anything you can imagine, but they don't mine it on account of their gods will get mad."
"Well, I don't believe in no Indian gods."
"Me neither. It's ripe for the pickin', boys."
"Don't know what the hell he’s talking about," the saloon keeper said.
"Were I talking to you?" Rudy roared. "No. I were not."
The next morning, they bargained with the saloon keeper for a pickaxe and a pound of flour. Two days later, Rudy and the Johnson boys stood, puffing, at the edge of an aspen grove, where every turning leaf looked like a golden coin and they rattled gently in the breeze. On the trees hung strips of red cloth and moccasins. A stream trickled down from the snow-dusted summits, and at the edge of this glade, which seemed to fairly sparkle with possibilities and the fearsome power of their future, was a crumbling limestone cliff. 
At the base of the cliff, the three boys crawled through a slot and emerged into a cave. By the light of a candle, they saw a tiny, rock lined pool strewn with arrows and knives, beads and feathers. A knee-high stump of white rock rose from the middle of the pool.
A voice in Paul's head seemed to call, "This is your future," but it also whispered, "This will be your undoing." He glanced at his brother, who had frozen in place, his face inscrutable.
"Did you hear something?"
"Nobody said nothin', right?"
"I ain't heard nothin'," said Rudy.
As winter set in, they widened the mouth of the cave, dug up the floor, hacked out the stump of rock and dragged it into the daylight. It sparkled but it wasn't gold. They traded it for a rusted shovel. 
The boys dug and hacked, planned and speculated. They never did find any gold. No golden Indian idols, no placer deposits, no promising quartz veins. Nothing.
Rudy moved into the cave. He said it was more comfortable than their leaky log lean-to. The brothers tried it for awhile. Strange things happened, things they didn't discuss, as though speaking them aloud would make them more real. Time ran forward and backward. Sometimes when Paul woke up, he couldn't sort out his dreams from reality. Before too long, the brothers moved back to the lean-to. Out there, their heads felt clearer. Rudy refused to leave the cave, and increasingly talked of things they didn't understand (or want to): the past, the future, as though it were all one, and furthermore flexible. As though a thing could simultaneously happen and not happen. As though the past could be changed. 
They ran out of money, ran out of food.
Rudy ranted in the cave and periodically tossed a bucket of rock on the tailings pile, frozen in the winter snow. The brothers avoided each other's eye, left a little marmot or porcupine meat at the mouth of the cave whenever they got some, dug desultory holes here and there. Never found a thing but rock and more rock.
Deep in the longest night of the winter, the ranting stopped. Paul and Edward waited until light, then crept to the cave opening, peered into the shadows and then into each other's gaunt faces.
Rudy was dead, facedown in the dirt. Paul thought they should eat him. Edward thought they might catch whatever sickness he'd had. In the end, they ate him because they were hungry and the world didn't make sense any more anyway.
Come spring, three dark-skinned men in soft deer hide leggings walked into camp, bent to peek into the lean-to where the two brothers huddled, confused and gaunt with hunger.
"Waaa!" one of them shouted, then laughed as the brothers fled into the bush. Paul thought they might be the spirits Rudy had ranted about, come to take back their cave. Edward convinced him they were Indians. The brothers hid behind a tree and watched the three men duck into the cave, which still contained some of Rudy's bones.
The Indians picked up Paul and Edward's pickaxe, discussed it among themselves. One of them crawled into the sagging lean-to and chucked out a wool blanket and a precious hunk of flint. Paul tried to restrain Edward by the tail of his shirt, but Edward leapt from his hiding place and yelled at them to get the hell away from his stuff. He aimed their Walker Colt, pulled the trigger, and it exploded in his hand, blowing off half his face. That was the last thing Edward ever did. He dropped dead, which seemed to surprise the Indians as much as it did Paul. And, of course, it must have surprised Edward, too.
The Indians argued about what to do with Paul. They must have decided not to kill him, because they sat him down and lectured him, half in English, half in gibberish. Something about how the place allowed one's spirit to fly, and the danger of one's spirit getting lost, never returning. They also told him to put back everything that had been removed from the cave, or there would be consequences.
Paul told them to take their savage-asses packing.
And then a thing happened that Paul had seen before in his imagination in several different ways. But this was the present, and it only happened the one way, probably.
A stranger appeared, another white man, at the top of the cliff behind the Indians. The stranger put his finger to his lips, crept to the edge of the cliff, loaded his musket, took aim. Thunder echoed in the valley. Paul heard the ball whistle past. The Indians spun around, shot off a volley of arrows. The stranger loaded again. Paul covered his head with his arms, cowered and hoped for the best. The second thunder never came. The Indians melted away.
For a long time, Paul stayed still. He pretended that Edward was still alive, that everything could be okay. When he started to shiver, he realized that he couldn't sit there forever.
"We had a good adventure, didn't we?" he comforted his dead brother, trying not to look at his mangled face as he laid him out and covered him with their best wool blanket. "At least we got to see the world."
Then Paul remembered the savior he had almost, but not quite, expected. He found him on a faint game trail just above the cliff, fallen over on his side, gripping an arrow shaft protruding from his chest and crying. Paul knew there was nothing he could do to help, so he poked around in the bushes until he found a lichen-covered slab of rock. It took all of his strength to pry it from the frozen ground. Paul removed the man's hat, put it on his own head, then lifted the rock and slammed it into the other man's face. He had to do it twice.
The man's boots were in decent shape. His musket was even older than Paul's revolver, but it worked and there was some powder. Paul took that as well. Then he went through the man's filthy pockets and found a stick of rotting jerky and a handkerchief full of gold.
He had known that this claim would bring him gold, somehow. Right there, he christened his mine the Long Shot Lode. When he made his way back to the nearest settlement a week later, he deemed it best not to mention the source of his fortune in gold. After all, he did find it on his claim, and it was nobody's business how it had gotten there.


Chapter 4
The year was 1862. Just before noon on a fine spring day, Charlotte and Zeke finished their solemn vows and ran, laughing, out of the minister's house. They hopped onto the cart that Zeke had filched from his uncle, and bumped out of town, pulled by two infuriatingly slow oxen. It was important to get across the Missouri river before Charlotte's parents caught up to them.
Zeke loved her! Forever! He'd promised in front of a minister! She glowed with the glamour of it all...at first. But the trail to Denver took weeks and weeks. There was dust and mud. Biting flies. Wind whistled in her ears until she thought she'd go crazy. The romance of fleeing across the prairie wore thin. Their bacon rotted. Zeke mauled her every night. She was sore and sticky between her legs.
Graves marked the trail. Garbage. Dead horses. Once, even, a piano. That was sadder than the graves for her. At the end of each day, Charlotte was too exhausted to sleep.
By late summer, the oxen sagged and stumbled. The grass was gone and the oxen were walking skeletons. Charlotte and Zeke poked and yelled to make them go faster.
They turned loose the weaker ox. Left it splay-footed and panting in the sun, next to an iron cooking pot and Charlotte's trunk of clothes. Charlotte kept turning to look until it disappeared over the horizon, weeping for the poor ox, and for her beautiful but impractical brown velvet dress, folded so carefully into that heavy trunk.
They arrived in Denver penniless. The flour was almost gone. Zeke had promised streets paved with gold. But no, if the streets were paved with anything at all, it was shit, trampled into the dust. It was the saddest, most desolate place Charlotte had ever seen. She longed for home, for her mother, but she knew she could never go back. Mother had said fifteen was too young to marry. Mother had warned her about Zeke, and Charlotte had laughed in her face.
Zeke disappeared into a saloon. Charlotte sat on the cart in the dusty road for the whole afternoon, waiting for him. Of course, girls weren't permitted in saloons. The ox collapsed to its knees, too tired to twitch away the flies.
Wild-eyed men swarmed the road, liquor on their breath. They eddied around the cart, leering at Charlotte. This was worse, much worse than the land of bones they'd travelled to get here.
There was not another girl or woman to be seen. 
Charlotte sat straighter, murmured soothing words to the bony ox, refused to meet the men's eyes. She had to urinate so badly, it was like a hot coal in her belly.
Finally, finally, when she felt stretched so taught that she might just--ping!-- fly apart, Zeke leaned out of the canvas flap.
Charlotte sighed with relief. 
Zeke stepped the rest of the way out. She tried to form her lips into a smile of greeting. His face was strangely slack.
A man in a filthy white vest followed Charlotte's husband. Zeke pointed at Charlotte. The other man nodded.
"Charlotte, get off the box," said Zeke, and his words seemed too round and full for his mouth.
After sitting rigid so long, she shook as she clambered down.
The man in the vest gestured and another man took the ox by the reins and led him away.
Charlotte reached for her husband. "What's going on?"
"None of yer business," mumbled Zeke. His breath smelled of drink. Was he drunk? Her Zeke? He had some weaknesses, as she'd discovered in the last couple of months, but this was new.
"You sold the ox?"
"It was either him or you."
Her cheeks flamed.
"But you're more valuable," he said.
She told herself: he is trying to say that he loves me. It's not what it sounds like.
She nodded stiffly and hung her head so that her grimy bonnet hid her face. 
The money from the sale of the ox and cart was gone. Zeke had gambled it away. What could she say? He was her husband, and the financial decisions were his. 
From Denver City, they walked weary, dusty miles to a small settlement, and from there up a narrow canyon. What were a few more days after the months they'd travelled already?
On the trail, although the men were rough, they were sweet in their own way. They pressed lumps of dirty bread and dull yellow gold into her palms.
"If you get tired of him," they would say, "come see me." Or, "This is no place for a lady. See that he takes care of you."
Zeke was sullen even though she shared her gifts with him.
Such a long way from Missouri, this shadowy place. She was used to open sky, cropland and pasture. As they gained altitude, snow came down the mountainsides to meet them. Her feet ached on the river crossings and her ladies' boots slipped on the icy trail. A man like a gnarled tree with more gap than tooth produced a pair of thick woolen stockings from his burro's pack and pulled them on over Charlotte's little boots. After that, she was much more sure-footed, and although she never saw the man again, she always remembered him fondly.
They arrived at a grubby tent city which surrounded a saloon. Actually, the sign said: "wisky". It sat at the base of a rocky slope at the confluence of two muddy streams, and the sunshine never crested the canyon walls during all the day. Men crouched along the stream, shoveling river gravel into wooden rockers and sluices, looking for nuggets of gold.
Zeke disappeared into the saloon. Charlotte sagged, shivery, onto a nearby boulder, too tired to wonder what might happen next.
The locals watched her the way you might gaze at a little bird, singing in a tree. Except in this place there were no birds and no trees. Just stumps.
An enormous mongrel with matted black fur walked straight up and rested its head on her knee. She stroked him behind his ears.
Periodically, gunfire sounded from the direction of the saloon. The first couple of times, Charlotte flinched, and as she coaxed her heartbeat down from a gallop, she cocked her ears to listen for cries of agony or despair, fear or anger, but there was always just laughter and hubbub. The shooting continued, with a long enough interval between each shot to persuade her that maybe it was the last.
Until the last shot. The mongrel looked up. Then, she distinctly heard someone say, "Oh, hell! You stupid..." 
She turned to the log and canvas saloon, as though she could see through the walls. The laughter had died. The hubbub stopped bubbling. The men around her seemed to hold their breath. Another shot punctuated the silence.
Long minutes passed.
No one moved.
Then a wizened little fellow with a belt wrapped twice around his waist slipped through the canvas door flap, half-turned his head Charlotte's direction, then ambled Charlotte's way, like he didn't like where his feet were taking him. The dog leaned on Charlotte's leg with enough weight to pinion her in place.
"Well..." said the little fellow. "Well...we was shootin' rats, and it seems ol' Slim mistake him for one, an' it seems he has gone to his maker." He snatched the battered hat off his head as an afterthought. "You'll be relieved to know, I'z sure, that we dain't let 'im suffer."
"Who?"
"You is the wife of that curly-head boy, ain't you?"
Then a funny thing happened to Charlotte. A tiny ray of sunshine reached all the way down into the bottom of that canyon and she swore she felt its warmth on the top of her head. That was before she slid to the ground.
A few yards uphill, they folded Zeke's body into a shallow pit and piled rocks on top. They coaxed Charlotte up there with soft words, nudged a stool against the backs of her knees so that she collapsed onto it.
"Aye, but I walk to the Valley of Death, uh, but fear no evil. My ashes turn to dust. May he rest in peace," said the little man with the double-wrapped belt. He looked up. "Anybody got anything?"
"Amen," said one of the other men. 
"Amen," they echoed.
She awoke the next morning in a heap of pine boughs, covered by a buffalo robe, in the corner of a dirt-floored cabin. She flicked aside the blanket partitioning her from the rest of the room. In the light of glowing coals in the fire pit she could pick out the shadowy lumps of several men on the floor.
Maybe she should have felt frightened. She should have been sad. But all she felt was grateful.
Charlotte rose and tiptoed between the men, stepped outside to relieve herself before the men woke up.
She paused as an owl hooted, "HOO-hoo-hoo," and watched a tinge of purple lighten the sky to the east, in the black vee of the canyon walls. It was surprisingly warm. The air smelled of wood smoke and pine.
As Charlotte turned back toward the cabin, a shadow separated itself from the general darkness and moved toward her. She stifled a squeak of alarm.
"I didn't mean to startle you, Miss...Ma'am. Could we have a word?"
Charlotte paused, fingering the buttons at her neck.
He continued, "I know that this might seem a bit quick, since your husband just passed yesterday but I've been thinking...You'll need a man to watch out for you. I need a wife, and I'd be proud to have you. Mighty proud."
"But I don't even know your name."
"I'm McCoy."
Ah. Her host. Owner of the log cabin, the stool and the buffalo robe. She remembered a tall man, less filthy that the others, who had tried so hard to make her comfortable. She supposed she did owe him and he really might make a decent husband. Certainly no worse than the one she'd arrived with. "I'm sorry, McCoy, I just couldn't see you clearly."
"You don't have to decide right now," he said.
That was her first proposal. By mid-morning, she was hiding in the back of McCoy's cabin and the entire population of the valley milled about outside. McCoy stood at the door, revolver in hand.
"Give us a look, McCoy."
"You're holdin' out on us and it ain't fair."
"Let the lady decide for herself who she'll marry."
Charlotte was both frightened and flattered. If the men back home in Missouri had gotten this worked up over her, she might not have run away with worthless Zeke, who got himself mistaken for a rat.
"Let her come out and talk to us or we'll shoot ye', by God!"
McCoy slipped in the door and said, "Miss Charlotte, Ma'am, I think they're serious."
Charlotte had come to the same conclusion. Plus, she wanted to get a look at her choices. Perhaps she could do better. Perhaps a rich man, well-dressed. This time she wouldn't just take the first fast-talker who came her way.
So she stepped behind her curtain and re-braided her hair, spit into her handkerchief and scrubbed her face, breathed iron into her spine and asked for the stool.
She perched herself just outside McCoy's door, arranged her muddy skirts around her as the men fell silent. "Each gentleman may speak two sentences to me," she whispered. 
McCoy repeated her stipulation in a booming voice that echoed off the canyon walls. "And no touching!"
The men pushed and wrestled for the privilege of speaking to Charlotte. The first few squandered their words with introductions and how-do-you-do's. After that, her suitors got more creative. Some tried jokes. Others used compliments. It was all a blur, until Paul.
He said, "I am an honest Illinois man with the richest claim in the valley. And I will make you a queen."
"Is that true?" Charlotte murmured to McCoy. 
McCoy's eyes smoldered as he examined the competition. The other men would pounce on any self-serving lie. "It's possible," McCoy said at last.
A day later, Charlotte accompanied Paul up the valley to the Long Shot Lode. They barely had time to tie down the canvas roof on his log-sided tent and stack up firewood before the snow came hurling down the mountainside, burying the valley. Paul scratched holes in the frozen earth. Charlotte hauled buckets of rock. The wind cut through the forest, through the walls of their tent, right through their clothing. It seemed to scour their very bones. On the coldest days, they never left their fireside.
Paul spoke as though they were rich, but whenever Charlotte wondered what was real, she just looked at her calloused hands, felt the knots in her shoulders. That was real. There wasn't any gold in her calloused hands. There wasn't any mink on her knotted shoulders. Gold, she was beginning to suspect, was just another fairy-tale. Unfortunately, she was snowed in, stuck with Paul until spring.
One day, however, Paul came running from the cave with a lump of gold half the size of his thumb. It was shaped like a bear, with tiny bear claws and an eye that gazed at Charlotte askance. Tears ran down Charlotte's face as she imagined that maybe they would be rich after all.
Not long after, Paul started coughing. Green gobs of his phlegm dotted the cabin's dirt floor. Then one day he couldn't get up. Charlotte nursed him impartially and dreamed of the day he would die and set her free. In his delirium, he fixated on the Golden Bear. He told her of the Indian warning about taking things from the cave. He begged her to fling the gold bear back where it came from.
When she couldn't stand his whining any longer, she snatched up the gold bear, marched away and thrust it under a stone just inside the cave's mouth. She was careful to mark the spot so that she could retrieve it later.
The next day, he died. It took all of her strength to drag his body through the snow. She left him under a pile of brush near his brother's grave. Wolves scattered his bones through the frozen aspen grove. For weeks, she heard them snarling and howling at night. She never left the cabin without a gun.
Once, she shot a hare. Another time, a squirrel. Mostly, she made bread in a Dutch oven on the fire pit and fed the fire and stared at the rough log walls, the leaky canvas roof, the snow that blew through the cracks and dusted the floor. And while she sat there, she told herself the story of her life, and the story of her glorious future.
She talked about her days as she went through them, and she answered herself, too. The conversations were most engaging when she argued.
She started to miss Paul, in spite of herself. His ranting had given her new things to think about. Caring for him had given her a purpose. The dim warmth of his frail body next to her on their pine bough bunk had comforted her at night.
And when the snow melted, Charlotte found that the word had got out about the Long Shot Lode. The valley flooded with new prospectors and a tent city sprang up around her almost overnight. They called the town Long Shot. Charlotte realized that mining would make her rich after all. Men could mine the ground. She would mine the men.
Word spread that Charlotte had been widowed once again. Men trailed her around like puppies. McCoy was one of her first callers. He brought her a burro laden with bacon, beans, tea and a bolt of the most beautiful sky blue wool. God only knew where he had found such a thing.
As she wolfed down beans, she rejected his proposal. After all, she'd been married twice already and she was starting to think marriage wasn't all it was cracked up to be.
Eyeing that beautiful bolt of cloth, Charlotte proposed something altogether different: a business partnership. McCoy took what he could get.
She left the gold bear in the cave. If things fell apart, she could always find it again. It was her secret ticket out. But it was a tricky ticket. After all, it might be cursed, from what Paul had said. Charlotte had spent many hours mulling it over as she stared into the fire that past winter. And it was a heck of a coincidence that Paul died as soon as she had returned the bear to the cave. Up until then, she had been trapped.
Charlotte and McCoy invested the rest of McCoy's money in four chipped drinking glasses and two barrels of Taos Lightning (laced with pepper, tobacco and gunpowder). By Charlotte's door, they hung a sign: "Long Shot Saloon."
The saloon was a hit. But Charlotte knew the men didn't come just for whiskey. They came to look at her. What fools! Sometimes, she let her gown slip at little off her shoulder, hitched it up above her knees as she lounged on her bed of pine boughs, chattering cheerfully. McCoy collected their pinches of gold dust and doled out Taos Lightning.
Surprisingly, many miners did strike gold in the valley. Most of their newfound wealth funneled to Charlotte. A man worked seventeen hours of the day, drank away each day's earnings at the Long Shot Saloon. The business thrived. Charlotte sent for more whiskey and built a two-story addition with a proper roof.
In spite of all her misgivings, she fell in love with McCoy. She held firm on the subject of marriage, though. Whenever he proposed, she said, "Respectability would be bad for business, McCoy." She never called him by his given name.
Over the next year, they built a line of shacks out back for working girls and hauled in a piano. They hired a bouncer, then two, grubstaked miners. Their doors never closed, and they set out a free buffet every afternoon. Why give the customers a reason to leave?
Charlotte brought in a consultant from Denver to take a look at her cave. He confirmed something that Charlotte had long suspected: the Long Shot Mine would never yield gold. The geology of it was all wrong.
To keep people out, she had the cave sealed with a vault door and built a new establishment on top of it, snug up to the cliff. This one was classy. They called it the Long Shot Hotel.
Down in the cave, behind that vault door, the loot piled up: leather bags full of gold dust and nuggets, silver, coins, jewels, guns. Charlotte wasn't picky about how her customers paid, as long as they paid lavishly. And under it all was the Golden Bear. Was it a curse or a good luck charm? She wasn't sure, so she kept it there in a wooden box inlaid with mother of pearl.
Hillsides spilled piles of lurid orange and yellow dirt. A haze of smoke hung over town.
On Charlotte's twentieth birthday, the elaborate mirrored oak bar arrived from New York, hauled by a team of oxen. Around it, Charlotte built a magnificent sandstone hotel, a first-class resort with every luxury: running water, fireplaces and gas lights. Later she added electricity and an elevator.
It was five stories tall, with casement windows to catch the light, and a porticoed entryway accessed by shallow sandstone steps. Heavy glass and oak doors led into a tiled lobby with a mosaic ceiling. On the second floor were the grand oak bar and gambling salons.
Furnishings of velvet and leather and crystal were imported from Europe.
The working girls moved their trunks of tacky clothes to the third and fourth floors. The sheriff and the preacher did their business at the bar.
Charlotte tired of men ogling her, grabbing her breasts, all the suggestive remarks they thought were so clever. She had her portrait painted, nude, on the wall above the bar. That way, the men could still ogle her, but she could focus on running the business.
She hired and fired, ordered supplies, bribed politicians, broke up fights. From noon to dawn every day she worked, and she was good at it. McCoy was more suited to drinking and gambling. 


Chapter 5
From the beginning, Long Shot had more than its share of sudden rises and falls of fortune, coincidences and catastrophes. Whatever happened there, happened on a large scale. The weather changed in half a day from balmy to blizzard. Forests burned. Mines exploded. People disappeared, rioted, dueled.
They said that life was hard and unpredictable on the frontier, and that perhaps Long Shot was no worse than anywhere else. So although there was talk, everyone still wanted to try their luck in Long Shot. Where else could you make your fortune in a day?
Early one morning when the smell of champagne and cigars lingered in the silent salons, Charlotte recorded the night's takings at her writing desk in her office behind the bar. 
McCoy stuck his head in the doorway. "You look tired, My Love. Go to bed. I'll take care of the rest."
Bleary eyed, she nodded, unhooked the skeleton key she kept chained to her waist. He hefted the two leather pouches of gold, took the key from her hand.
She started toward her private apartment on the fifth floor, then doubled back and tailed him silently down the stairs to the kitchen, where the light of his candle flickered in an icy breeze as he eased open the side door.
Delicate gloved hands took one of the sacks from McCoy. The ribboned hem of a skirt caught the candle light for just a moment and swished away. Charlotte knew that skirt. It belonged to Big Peg, one of her working girls, who had left her just two days before with a story of a sick mother and tears in her eyes. False tears.
Charlotte let McCoy dally with the girls. He was a man, after all. But he couldn't just hand them sacks of gold.
McCoy set the remaining bag on the floor just inside the door. Charlotte tailed him down the stone steps to the dark basement, where the cave entrance was sealed by a steel vault door. She watched as he set the candle holder on a shelf and unlocked the heavy door. When he emerged seconds later with two more sacks of gold, Charlotte stepped forward, blocking his way. He froze. 
She said, "I was surprised when you offered to help. Usually, you're in bed by now, with Peg."
The pearl-handled pistol she drew from her bodice leapt in her hand, making a startlingly unfeminine bang.
Oh, my God, I've shot him, she thought, as he sagged forward and dropped the sacks.
She hadn't really made up her mind whether she was going to do that or not, but her finger had done it anyway.
"Please don't kill me," he choked.
"Don't you be making me the bad guy," she said as she wrenched the key from the lock with shaking hands and looped the keychain around his neck. What right did he have to make her feel guilty? There was a baby growing under Charlotte’s skirt and McCoy was trying to leave.
She pulled the chain tight to silence his pleas, then dragged him through the door. She untangled the chain from his hair and beard, shoved the dropped bags of gold in after him and locked him inside. Then she picked up the pistol and the candle. On her way upstairs, Charlotte stopped by the side door and gazed down at the sack of gold there for a moment. Then she cracked open the door and whistled softly.
Sure enough, Big Peg slipped from the shadows. Charlotte thrust the bag of gold at her and said: "McCoy won't be keeping his appointment with you."
"I'm sorry ma'am. I didn't--"
"I don't want to hear it."
Charlotte bolted the door and went up to her room. Indignation surged through her veins. But she knew that she'd handled the situation correctly. Tomorrow or the next day, she would confide to one of her girls that McCoy and Big Peg had run off together. No one would look for him after that. It happened all the time, especially to old ladies of twenty-one.
Why had she let Peg take the money? Charlotte lay awake wondering. Maybe because it would keep her mouth shut, stop her looking for McCoy and get her out of town.
That afternoon, Charlotte put on her stoutest boots and least stylish gown, wrapped her head in a cotton scarf and let herself into the vault.
She was careful not to look at McCoy's dead body.
Paul had told her an interesting story before he fell ill, of a secret passage that led from the cave to a mystical other world. Charlotte had watched him stack rocks to seal off a gap at the base of the cavern wall.
Charlotte didn't buy into his talk of a mystical other world, but in spite of herself, she was relieved when the barrier was completed. The sweet, cold air that breathed up through that gap had made her feel as though she was standing atop a precipice, leaning, leaning out over the abyss.
Months later, when Paul had ranted in delirium about his partner Rudy, about hunger and the taste of human flesh, she thought she could guess what was hidden behind that stack of stones.
Now Charlotte crouched in the dirt by McCoy's corpse and flung stones in a semicircle behind her until she exposed a slot, barely a foot high.
She stuck her candle inside, flopped onto her stomach and strained to see what she could see. Instead of a catacomb, she found a tight passage. The sweet odor she remembered swirled through her nostrils, and this time it was irresistible, like falling in love, like flying. And she realized that it was all meant to be. McCoy's death, far from a tragedy, was the beginning of a new life for her.
Hours later, back in her suite on the fifth floor, Charlotte bathed, tightened her corset until her head spun and put on a new silk dress with black jet beads. Her eyes sparkled in her dressing table mirror. All of her aches and troubles, all the years, fell away.
That night, she took in more gold than ever before. Triumphant, she hauled the sacks down to the vault, unlocked the heavy door. And immediately when she stepped inside the vault, she rushed into the embrace of the cave. She swung the door shut, locked it behind her, threw off her evening dress and stripped to her corset and bloomers.
Then she lay on her back and wriggled into the slot she'd uncovered the night before.
Once she had passed through, she sat upright. She reached back and brought out her candle in its holder. Its light danced over the rough walls of a tunnel just high enough for a person to walk upright. A whole new world, waiting just for her.
She stepped forward cautiously. Rubble pinched her feet in their dainty embroidered slippers. The passage widened, and in a niche to the left was a black hole as wide as a whiskey barrel. She crouched and lowered her candle to take a look.
Below her was a chamber, perhaps the size of the original Long Shot Saloon. How perfect! How fitting!
She went back, took McCoy's collar and tugged him behind her, inch-by-inch, through the slot, pulling on his hair, his suspenders, kicking his knees out of the way with the heel of her slippers. Something went "crack!" and finally he was on the other side. She lined up his feet with the whiskey barrel-sized hole, heaved him up by the armpits and pushed. He thumped to the ground below. Then she collapsed, panting and sweating. And she cried.
Again and again over the following weeks, Charlotte found herself drawn back to that spot. She kneeled next to the whiskey barrel-shaped hole, breathed the sweet air of the cavern deep into her lungs. Shared her problems, her triumphs with McCoy's corpse. He always knew a way that things might turn out differently. She began to see that the present was really very malleable. That right and wrong, true and false, dead and alive didn't really exist.
For her visits to McCoy, she bought a resin-hardened felt hat and a newfangled miner's "teapot" lamp that hooked onto it. A flame shot out of the spout, illuminating her way, leaving her hands free. She dragged an old ladder in, clambered down to be closer to McCoy in his crypt.
When her belly got too big to wriggle through the slot, she often lay in the vault, a sack of gold dust for a pillow, and whispered to McCoy. Her voice echoed away through the cavern. She imagined that he could hear, but it wasn't the same as being right there in his crypt.
More direct access to McCoy was what she needed. She envisioned a hidden door from the third floor, a stone staircase leading down to a spot halfway between the vault and McCoy's crypt. She could blast a new door into the vault. No more crawling around in the dirt. She could stroll from one chamber to another easily. Meeting with McCoy would be much easier, she wouldn't have to lug bags of gold through the kitchen, and she could keep a closer eye on her earnings. No more unfortunate incidents like the one that had led to McCoy's demise. No, she wasn't angry about that. What was done was done.
Immediately after he was born, Charlotte sent McCoy's baby upstairs to the working girls. In a cold sweat, she lurched down to see McCoy. He would be surprised to learn that he had an heir and glad that he hadn't deserted her. 
The hotel prospered. Charlotte was both there and not there. People whispered that Charlotte disappeared for hours at a time.
But on the edge of the wilderness, where lives and fortunes were lost in the blink of an eye, where everything was changeable, where the worst could happen at any moment, it paid to be on Charlotte's good side. It almost looked like chance, in a land so volatile, but not quite. Charlotte's enemies suffered. Those who were loyal prospered.


Chapter 6
The years passed quickly in Long Shot until 1868. In the depths of winter, when the gods hurled stinging pellets of ice over the ridge tops and back again, when the river froze and there was no water for sluicing, Luke foolishly started the trek up the canyon from Boulder to Long Shot. His story nearly ended with him slumped in the doorway of the Long Shot Hotel, fingers too frozen to grip the doorknob.
One of Charlotte's bouncers woke him from a warm and peaceful dream, dragged him inside and thawed him out. When word reached Charlotte that the newcomer couldn't speak. Charlotte took an inordinate interest in him. She dubbed him Bonesy because he was so skinny, and as soon as he could limp around on his own, she brought him down to meet McCoy.
Bonesy swallowed his dismay, doffed his brimmed hat and bowed to the corpse. After all, Miss Charlotte had saved his life.
"No one can keep their head in Long Shot, Bonesy. I try to make allowances, but this boggles the mind: my workers have blasted too deep and in the wrong direction, and now my private little tunnel goes nowhere. It ends a foot under this stake here. What's that McCoy? Yes, perhaps it is for the best, but I'm still angry!"
Bonesy tried not to look at the corpse. What did this have to do with Bonesy? He waited.
"The tunnel was supposed to end up above us, near the vault," she said. "But due to the new, surprise layout, I want to move the contents of the vault to this room. That's your job."
She brought him jerky, crackers and beer, a pile of rags to sleep in and a kerosene lantern. Bonesy set to work. His mind travelled far and wide as his body did the job. Most of the time, when his mind returned from its travels, his lantern had burnt out and Bonesy was lying on his side in the rubble. He would argue with himself about the pros and cons of continuing and the pro side would kick him back into motion, like kicking a stone off a hill.
There were a lot of interesting things in that pile: bags of gold dust and nuggets, pocket watches, shiny stones, a music box. He wound up the music box, and the song, so sad to begin with, got slower and sadder as the works ran down. What is the point, he wondered, of anything in this world? Bonesy knew better than to listen again.
At the bottom of the heap, he came upon an inlaid box. Inside, he found a heavy gold nugget that very much resembled a bear. He could see the teeth, the ears, the round belly, the stubby legs. Someone had scratched on tiny claws and an eye. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen, so much more elegant and noble than the rest of that flashy heap. It reminded him of tales his Ute grandmother used to tell. Of how Bear slept underground through the winter. Of how a bear could take different shapes to punish a boy who did not live as he should.
Charlotte walked in on him as he crouched there, examining the gold bear.
He tried to hide it behind his back but he was too late. She saw the inlaid box lying on its side in the dirt.
"Oh, you like that one, do you?"
He flinched and hurried to fumble it back into the box. It flew out of his fingers and clinked into the wall by her shin. 
Bonesy held his breath.
"I like it, too." She stooped to pick it up, examined it. " I call it the Golden Bear. It might be cursed, though. You can have it if you want. Really. I'm curious to see what happens."
She set it on the ground halfway between them.
"McCoy will tell me if you take anything else."
Bonesy nodded. He reached slowly for the bear, watching her face to make sure she hadn't changed her mind, and tucked it into his long johns for safekeeping. She rolled her eyes and left.
When he had finished moving all the treasure the next day, Bonesy huddled in the pile of rags by the vault door. The lock shifted. The flame of Charlotte's teapot lamp preceded her. She turned and dragged in a shovel and pick axe then leaned back on the door. He wondered vaguely if he'd be allowed to leave now. Somehow he doubted it.
"Bonesy, I'm pleased with your work," she said. "I had a hunch that you'd be different. Why do you think that is? Do you think it has to do with being dumb?"
Actually, Bonesy wasn't exactly dumb. But the sounds that came out of his mouth had never matched what he intended, so he had long ago learned to keep silent. Bonesy shrugged.
"And I have another job for you, since my tunnel builders had to be shot. Don't ever believe anyone who says that's easy. I was heartbroken. You understand, don't you? Anyway you always look so sympathetic."
Did he? Bonesy wondered. He wasn't sure what he thought most of the time. He didn't think sympathy described it.
"I need you to finish my tunnel project. You remember that stake I showed you?"
He followed Charlotte through the slot, down the ladder to McCoy's room. She inspected his work, chatted with McCoy.
"Now, Bonesy, I don't want this stuff just heaped here. I want it organized. Gold over here, jewelry there, coins and so forth." She pointed around the space. "When you've finished that, start digging. Make the hole big enough for a man."
Bonesy wondered whether he could tackle her, take the key and escape. While he was considering it, she left.


Chapter 7
Sometimes, Bonesy felt so lucid it was painful, because then he remembered that he was imprisoned, and the hopelessness and ugliness of his situation. Most times, he drifted, only half aware of what he was doing. Occasionally, though, something wonderful happened: he felt a pull, like a fish hook in his chest, and his breath and his memories and his will whooshed gloriously out through the top of his head, leaving a hole that ached around the edges. Because of the ache, he knew that the whoosh was bad for him, and it was scary to wake up and not know where he was or what he’d done, but it wasn’t like he could control it, and also, it felt so good, at least at first. That first whoosh was like nothing he’d ever experienced before.
After one of those whooshes, he woke up with Charlotte’s ruffled bloomers in his face. She was ranting and pulling on his arm. Her teapot lamp roared and shot rainbows. Around them was a chamber with marble pillars and walls of snowy white, where icicles of rock hung from the ceiling.
Later, back in McCoy’s crypt with a pick in his hands, hacking away at the stony ground, Bonesy wondered whether he had imagined that chamber of wonders.
Charlotte appeared with his crackers and beer (sometimes she could be kind). She was disappointed in his work, she said. He’d managed to dig several shallow pits, all of them in the wrong places.
“I’ll give you another day,” she said. Her voice was understanding. “But I can’t keep you around just because I like you. Don’t try to sneak off again.”
She didn’t say so, but Bonesy knew that if he couldn’t finish in time, she would kill him. Maybe she’d tip him into one of the hollows he’d dug or bury him under her flashy heap of treasure, like the Golden Bear.
He thought that she would leave, then, but it seemed there was something else on her mind. She dusted gravel off a tooled leather accordion case and sat on it. Inspected him while he guzzled his beer and broke off chunks of cracker with numb fingers.
“Before you go back to work, I want you to take me to the place where I found you yesterday.”
Bonesy swallowed wrong, choked and coughed, sprayed Charlotte with beer and soggy crackers.
How could he find it again? He hadn’t even been sure it existed.
Charlotte swiped the beer mug from him and threw the dregs in his face.
“Try to concentrate.”
Bonesy licked the beer from his dripping beard while he strained to remember the previous day. Then he got to his feet, climbed the ladder, and headed down the tunnel with Charlotte behind him. He had no idea where he was going. He hoped that maybe luck would be with him, and it was, because when he neared a certain cleft in the rock wall, Charlotte slowed. He just glimpsed it out of the corner of his eye. He hesitated and she nodded him in.
In that moment, Bonesy realized that Charlotte already knew where they were going. He focused all of his intention on reading her body language. When she shifted her body, he turned, and so on.
And then she was still. She seemed to be waiting for him to make a decision.
Bonesy looked around him. Charlotte’s teapot lamp flickered and spit. Shattered limestone pressed from all sides. 
There was no chamber of wonders. No pillars.
He stepped one way, then the other, but everywhere was ugly broken rock. Bonesy started to panic. He was doomed. She would shoot him right there, he was sure of it. She’d think that he’d led her purposely astray.
Then, a miracle occurred.
Charlotte said, "Yes, this is where I thought it was, too. But maybe it's not a place, not really."
Bonesy shifted so he could see her better.
“Do you think that’s possible?” she asked.
Bonesy nodded enthusiastically. Anything to live until tomorrow.

Something had shifted in Bonesy the moment he realized that he would die in the cavern below the Long Shot Hotel.
He thought of his children back in Missouri, growing up in that mirthless house with their disappointed mother and her parents, who were never satisfied, whatever he did. He'd never return with sacks of gold to liberate them, to give them the happiness and security they deserved. They'd think he'd deserted them, and who could blame them? They'd think he'd run away, and they'd grow up sure that their father had never loved them.
Bonesy's father-in-law had never approved of the match. How could a man who couldn't speak provide for his family? But Gretchen had seen something in him. At least at first. And then the years had passed, and her eyes had grown hard, and her encouragement had turned to nagging. And Bonesy's (or Luke, as he was known in that other life) confidence had ebbed with every failure.
Early one morning, he woke his son and his daughter, snuggled under the quilt in the bed in the corner, and he looked into their sleepy eyes and tried to give them a message: "I love you more than anything in the world, so I am going off across the prairie to the mountains to strike it rich, and when I return, I will buy you everything you ever wanted." But he got it wrong. Instead of understanding, they just looked frightened, and Emily called for her mommy, so Bonesy had run out of the house, scowling. That was what his babies would remember of him: that he fled like a bandit.
Bonesy wondered how his children had grown in the past year. Was Jake running around in the road with the other children? Was he speaking in full sentences, prattling on like his sister? Bonesy was so proud of her many words.
How long did Bonesy have these thoughts? It was impossible to tell in the cavern, where time was so fickle.


Chapter 8
Bonesy leaned on his pick next to a shallow hole he'd dug. Madam Charlotte would be returning any minute to check on his progress. She would not be pleased. He tried to think of a way to escape, but his mind refused to focus. He could clobber her with the pick if he could catch her, but it seemed like she moved at twice the speed he did. He hoped McCoy couldn't read his thoughts. Yes, he knew McCoy was dead, but still...Bonesy gazed unseeing at the jumble of treasure from Charlotte's vault. 
He felt the Golden Bear in the fabric of his long johns. It had worked its way down the front to his crotch, then had dropped down his leg. It was now lodged somewhere around his knee. The Golden Bear was his future. If he ever made it out of here, he would sell it for some fertile farmland with a little house. New boots for Jake and Emily. A beaver stole for his wife Gretchen.
Then he heard voices, voices so faint it was like they came from another world. They seemed to come from his left, so he tiptoed that way and placed his ear to the rock. The voices stopped, and all he heard was his own breath. Bonesy stepped back, stumbled to another spot and listened again. Now the voices were behind him, and above. 
He gazed toward the ceiling, where shadows shifted with the sway of the lantern in his hand. One spot in particular seemed to be more than just shadow.
Bonesy lapsed into indecision. Perhaps it was something. Perhaps it was nothing. Would he be better off digging Madam Charlotte's hole than investigating disembodied voices? How would he even reach that high? He put a tentative foot on a sack of gold dust. If he climbed up higher, would he be able to see the ceiling better? Still undecided, he flopped over the top of the pile on his stomach. When he tried to stand, he tripped and crumpled to his knees. The lantern swung wildly in his hand and the chamber's ladder seemed to dance in his vision.
Bonesy stared at the ladder, trying to decipher what it was telling him. All at once, it came to him. He found himself wrenching at the ladder, dancing with it as he tried to rock it from leg to leg across the floor. It was floppy and reluctant, and the shafts kept getting hung up on the ceiling. It reeled and almost toppled with him, but somehow he kept it upright. Bonesy, who had always been too shy to dance, was leading this waltz.
He dragged it up on top of the treasure pile, got one shaft wedged in the dark spot in the ceiling, picked up the lantern, stepped up as the ladder wobbled with his shifting weight.
At the top, he held the lantern in his trembling hand up into an inky gash, and heard a voice from far away say, "Yes!".
Bonesy was so taken aback that he lost his footing and toppled off the ladder. The lantern crashed to the ground. But he had heard all he needed. He felt around, grabbed a leather pouch and stood, jammed his hand in and brought out fistfuls of gold dust. The air glittered in the guttering lantern light as he shoved as much as he could into his pockets. Then he heard Charlotte call to him, "Bonesy!"
Bonesy scrambled up the ladder, heaved himself up into the ceiling, and in his exertions, kicked down the ladder, which collapsed onto the lantern. The lantern flared brightly and died.
He felt the Golden Bear slip down to his ankle, but there was no time to retrieve it. He prayed that his boot top would keep it from falling out.
Bonesy threw himself forward into a winding crevice.
His breath echoed. He could hear his own heartbeat, as though the cavern breathed and lived with him, through him.
The crevice guided him upward. When he stopped and held very still, he thought he could hear the voices.
Then, he saw a faint flicker of a flame, heard the voices almost beside him.
"What's that?" said one voice.
"It looks like a light," the other replied.
Bonesy shrank back, confused. The lantern had been smashed. How could they see him? Did he glow? Did his eyes shine? He squeezed them shut.
Then, ever so faintly, he heard Madam Charlotte's angry yell. Was she coming after him? Had she sent the men with the voices to find him? If so, he was trapped between the two. Was there no escape?
The men moved off. Bonesy heard them argue. Rocks clattered.
No. Whatever was happening had nothing to do with him. Bonesy held his breath, leaned forward to peer around the corner and came face-to-face with another man, backlit by a prick of light. Bonesy froze. The other man yelped and took off running. Bonesy watched for a moment, astonished.
Madam Charlotte must be coming! Bonesy bolted after him, saw two men clamber up and out through a ray of sunlight, grasping at ledges in the rock.
Blinking and gasping, Bonesy popped out of a hole in the ground above timberline. The two men in front of him bounded away like deer.


Chapter 9
When Charlotte stepped through the vault door with her teapot lantern and her pearl handled pistol at the ready, the odor of sweat seemed diminished. She sniffed the air. He was around somewhere, but not near. Something was wrong.
"Yoo-hoo! Bonesy?"
Silence, then a clatter that set her hair on end.
She wormed through the gap toward McCoy's crypt, knelt down and peered inside. The ladder had collapsed. Bonesy was gone. 
"Where did he go, McCoy?" she asked. He had to be somewhere in the warren of tunnels ahead. She continued down the passage, turned and squirmed through a cleft in the fractured tunnel wall. At the spot where she had found Bonesy the last time, she paused. But the chamber draped in liquid marble was still not there. She took up the chase again, deeper into the mountain. The cleft sloped mostly upward and through a tight constriction. Then downward she wriggled by the flame of her teapot lamp, through sweating rocks until she realized that she could stand. Slowly, she straightened and looked around her.
Water seeped from seams in the walls and dripped into puddles. Ploink...ploink.
Then, she heard something else: the murmur of voices.
Charlotte froze. Fear and dismay washed through her, then indignation. Who was trespassing in her cave? How dare they?
She clambered up a pile of boulders and into a stone gullet. Slipped and heaved her way up. Poked her head out at the base of what seemed to be a deep shaft.
A sound like rain preceded a shower of pebbles.
"Damn." Charlotte heard that word clearly, then more murmuring. Then, "What's that?"
"It looks like a light."
Rage stood on Charlotte's chest. "Who. The hell. Are you?"
The two voices overlapped in quick, questioning tones. They seemed to be arguing. Then a rock whistled out of nowhere and clattered off the wall by Charlotte's head.
She ducked back into her hole, crab walked back down, tumbled to the ground. Crawling back to McCoy, she almost cried with frustration when she got hung up at the tight spot. The miner's lamp sagged to the side and set fire to a loose tendril of hair. She freed a hand and slapped at it, fought her way through. Stumbling upright, she ripped the lamp from her hat, and ran back to McCoy. Over the opening to his crypt she paused, the flaming lamp gripped in gloved fingers.
"He got away," said McCoy.
"Yes, but I found something more important." Charlotte inhaled a lungful of sweet air. "There's another way into my cave."
The next night, one of Charlotte's bartenders sauntered Charlotte's way and murmured, "See the two boys standing down near the end of the bar, I think they're the ones you're looking for. They said they discovered a haunted cave yesterday."
She whispered to a gaunt man slouched at a card table. He wandered over and struck up a conversation, then followed the boys out when they left.
Dawn had just lighted the ridge top and stained the sky a bloody red. By sunrise the boys were gone. By noon, no one remembered them.


Chapter 10
Leaving Long Shot was easier than Bonesy expected. It was as though no one saw him. Perhaps they saw right through him, like a ghost, he was so pale and thin.
But the gold dust sifting through Bonesy's pockets made things happen. It bought him a ride on an ox cart to Boulder, where he pulled down his sock and stuck his hand up the leg of his long johns only to confirm what he had suspected all along: the Golden Bear was gone, dropped somewhere along that twisting crevice he'd followed to flee from Miss Charlotte. It was a severe blow. He would have to make do with whatever he'd managed to cram into his pockets as he escaped. 
At the side of his in-laws' home in Missouri, Bonesy fell off the pony he'd bought in Boulder and staggered to the kitchen door. Before he could knock, his wife Gretchen opened it, face as blank as the prairie. Bonesy put out his hand, uncurled his fingers, and there, in his grimy palm lay three small gold nuggets, enough to buy, perhaps, a little farm of their own.
She sighed and turned away, but she left the door open for him.
Weeks later, after he'd cleaned up and eaten, and his ghostly face had gained some color, Bonesy took a pen, and in the back of the family Bible, he wrote in his childish hand an account of his experiences in Pike's Peak Territory. Gretchen pored over it, passed it to her father and mother. It was hard to decipher the spiky script and the erratic spelling, but they understood enough. Enough to call him a liar, a thief, a loony.
They threw those words at him but he couldn't lob them back. The worst part was they used his story as another excuse to turn Emily and Jake away from him. "Your father is not right in his head," they said.
But as Emily and Jake grew older, they discovered the hidden Bible, read the story of a cave of wonders and a lost golden bear that might be cursed.
Bonesy was dead by then. His will and his spirit had drained out of him, and he had faded away.
His children passed the Bible and the story down to their children, not because they believed, but because it would have been so wonderful if only it were true.
Back in Long Shot, Charlotte laid claim to the new passages in the mountain behind her hotel, and a heavy metal grate appeared over the upper entrance, far above town.
The Long Shot Hotel thrived and expanded until the Great Depression. Then, suddenly, business dried up. Charlotte's riches dwindled. She died alone in her apartment on the fifth floor of the deserted hotel. The son she'd borne and sent away at the age of three inherited the property from the mother he'd never really known. He never went back to Colorado to see it. It lay vacant for forty years.
The vault door stood strong all that time.


Chapter 11
It was 2013, just a few days into Janie Gundy's purgatory.
"Janie!" Aunt Margaret's caftan sleeves flapped over two generations of Gundys like an automatic carwash. "I am not sad about your dad." Her eyes shone as she put a dramatic hand to her heart and sniffed. "He had a good life, and we should be happy that he's gone on to the void, right? Right?"
Janie had forgotten how intense Aunt Margaret could be. 
So many times Janie had wished for a better father, someone less embarrassing and better looking, who would talk to her like an adult and send her shopping with his credit card. Someone who wouldn't ask nosy questions about boys or call her friends' parents "just to check in".
But that stuff didn't matter any more. The night of the stolen purse, of the fight with George, had changed everything. Dad had died alone while she was off pretending to be a grown up.
"Yeah. You know, Aunt Margaret, I'm not all that happy."
Janie's second cousin Ben ducked and shifted to protect his plate of potato salad from Aunt Margaret's gesturing arms.
"But you should be!" Aunt Margaret craned her neck. Her stare was meant to be sympathetic, but Janie just felt unclothed. "He's gone to the upside-down topsy-turvy, where the impossible is possible, where change changes nothing, because all potentials are already there."
"Aunt Margaret, he didn't believe in that shit."
"He didn't have to," she said.
"But that's not where I want him to be." Janie tried to smile to take the edge off. "I want him here. I don't even care if he lectures us about tax law or spills wine down his sweater. Even then. I want him sitting right there." Janie pointed at the sofa, where her second cousin's self-conscious kids were lined up like Russian dolls. 
Then, she drew in a deep breath and burst into tears.
Aunt Margaret swept Janie off her chair into a hug. Janie hid her face in her bosom and sobbed like a baby until she realized she was trapped. She brought a hand up, cleared out an airway, kneading cloth and bosom aside, then took a shuddering breath. It was just her and Aunt Margaret now. Aunt M, the Traitor.
"Come live with me, Janie."
Not a chance in hell, thought Janie.
"I know, you said you don't want to, but you're too young to be all alone."
Janie had been taking care of her father since Mom left. She could take care of herself. Not that she would tell Aunt M that. It would make Aunt M think she was right about Dad, that he was a plodder, a failure. But maybe he wouldn't be that way if it weren’t for Mom. Mom had broken his heart.
"Never trust love at first sight", Dad had told Janie, when she asked about Mom.
Mom had been a student in one of the community school classes Dad taught: Prepare Your Own Taxes or Be Credit Smart. This was way back when Mom was twenty-two and gorgeous. Dad was almost fifty, smart and kind. Maybe Mom had liked that, at first. Whatever it was, it wore off.
When Janie was about ten, Mom started going out to bars with her girlfriends and coming home late. Sometimes, she bounced in all happy-happy at seven a.m. on Saturday. Even now, Janie didn't like to remember those mornings.
And then, the ultimate betrayal: Mom moved in with Aunt M while she "got her head together and decided what she wanted out of life."
And when Mom decided she wanted to divorce Dad and move into an apartment with a swimming pool, Aunt M took Mom's side. Janie had heard Aunt M and Dad arguing about it. Aunt M said that Dad had stolen Mom's youth, and Mom should be allowed to "live a little before it was too late."
Then Mom met this guy Brad and moved to El Paso, Texas to be with him. Janie had visited once. There was a drive-in porn theater near their house. That pretty much summed up El Paso. Janie kept making excuses for why she couldn't visit again. Mom hadn't even come for the funeral, so Janie guessed she could stop pretending she wanted to see her.
Now Aunt M was giving Janie some sort of pep talk: "You're the end of a noble line, Janie."
"Aunt Margaret, I hope you're not telling people we're Ute, 'cause you know it's not true."
"Just because there's no documentation doesn't mean it's not true. It's oral history."
"Then why don't you get your DNA tested? Find out for sure."
"I don't need some scientist to tell me what I know in my soul. I have an Indian spirit."
"Well, I'm pretty sure I don't have an Indian spirit. I'm not sure I have any spirit at all."
"Oh, Sweetheart, don't say things like that. You have so much spirit. So much!"
Janie stifled a groan. "Plus, I don't think you're supposed to say 'Indian' any more. Aren't you supposed to say, like, Native American, or--"
"Well, phooey. I can call myself whatever I--"
"Okay, it's not important."
Aunt Margaret believed the most outrageous things, as long as they served her. Among those things was their ridiculous family mythology. Indian blood? Buried treasure? As though life were some rollicking musical.
"Didn't your father ever tell you the story of the Golden Bear?"
"The treasure that Great-great-grandpa Gundy supposedly stashed in a cave for our family to uncover?"
"You think it's silly."
"Well, yeah. Everybody always wants to think they're on the verge of striking it rich. Nobody seems to want to actually work for a living."
Aunt Margaret's answer was a condescending smile. Janie winced. Aunt M made a great living selling New Age junk to people on the internet. Janie was the one who spent all day watching TV.
"I heard you lost your job." Aunt Margaret murmured. “But it’s probably for the best.”
"I don't want to talk about it."
Aunt Margaret squeezed her, then held her out to look her in the eye.
No, not that again.
Janie's eyes kept slipping sideways out of that gaze.
"You should go to college in the fall, Janie. You're smart." She gave Janie a shake. "It might not be too late to register at Metro State. I'll pay."
Fingernails dug into Janie's biceps. Aunt Margaret was surprisingly strong.
"Fine," said Aunt Margaret, "but call me if you'd like some help. Money or a job? A friend of mine is looking for someone."
"I really don't see myself working in a crystal shop or something," said Janie. Aunt Margaret's friends were a bunch of patchouli-drenched weirdos.
"Your father told me you're interested in marketing."
Janie caught herself nodding.
"Well, then, there we go," said Aunt M.
"No we don't," said Janie.
"What?"
"I don't want your job."
"We'll see."


Chapter 12
Craigslist had a few jobs. Monster.com had a few more. Janie walked into every business in Boulder with a resume. She got a couple of interviews. Everything fell through. Janie imagined them calling Storm Marketing ("Take the World by Storm!") to check on her employment history. What would Leslie tell them? Would she tell them that Janie had been fired? Would she explain why?
"If you call Storm Marketing, make sure you talk to George, not Leslie," she blurted out at one interview.
"And why is that?" Eyebrows raised politely.
"Leslie might give you the impression that I didn't do a very good job. But George (that's her husband), he offered me a full-time position and everything. He said I had a lot of promise." He'd said she was born for advertising. He'd said she could be writing copy within a year. He'd said a lot of things, actually.
"But the other person Leslie, why wouldn't she agree?"
"She's just jealous," said Janie. Did that sound as stupid as she thought?
"Jealous?" The man's voice was so careful, so even.
Janie took Storm off her resume completely, but that meant her only job reference was the ice cream place she'd worked at the summer before sophomore year. The Luminescence Candle Store gave the cashier position to Christie Bailey's little brother. Janie had $1.60 in the bank and couldn't pay the mortgage or utilities for the second month in a row. She gave in and called Aunt Margaret.
"Janie, first of all, I sent a copy of your father's death certificate to the bank, so they're not going to foreclose right away. Of course, we'll have to sell it. I'll help you with that. But I wanted to give you some time to think about your future."
"We're not selling my house."
"But Sweetie, you're barely eighteen. You can't afford that place. You don't even have a job. And there are utilities, taxes--"
"I'm not selling it. It's my home."
Aunt M paused. "I can help you out, of course. I'm happy to give you money, but I'd rather invest in your education."
"I don't want your money."
"So you have said."
Accepting the money would make Aunt M think she could run Janie's life. Next thing she knew, she'd be sucked into Aunt M's orbit and she'd end up like her mother.
"The reason I called," said Janie, "is that you mentioned that maybe someone you know has a job..." It was hard enough for Janie to ask that much.
"Of course!" Did Aunt M seem a little too eager? "I know exactly the thing!"


Chapter 13
For decades, Long Shot had been a ghost town, its stone buildings deserted. Broken glass, scorched walls, rusted old mining equipment and beer cans littered the valley. Visitors didn't stay for long. The place just didn't feel right. And those who did stay lurked in ramshackle compounds in the bush with guns and liquor.
Anything could happen there. You felt it in the back of your neck and the twisting of your gut. If you paused to really listen, you could hear the hum of the universe there.
People whispered about mysterious accidents, strange noises in the night, odd discontinuities, coincidences, the way things seemed in flux, even in their disintegration, watchful in their stillness.
The sheriff drove through occasionally, but he knew that he wasn't welcome. The few residents had their own code of conduct. If the sheriff accidentally did spot trouble, he'd make a half-assed attempt to solve it without leaving the safety of his truck.
Nowadays, much of the town still lay vacant, but there was a gas station and a new casino, The Silver Dollar, famous for spectacular wins and bankrupt suicides. Across the street was a mysterious business run out of the old Long Shot Hotel: Long Shot, Inc.
Perhaps a hundred years ago, the Long Shot Hotel had been grand, but now it was a dump. Standing in the dirt parking lot, Janie saw an eroding sandstone facade and smeared windows. A man in a bathrobe sat on the mossy steps, staring at her. Janie gazed up at the building until her neck hurt, putting off the moment when she would have to enter and interview for the mysterious position offered by Aunt Margaret's friend. The business definitely wasn't a crystal shop. Was it off-track betting? Aunt Margaret's explanation was a bunch of gobbledygook.
Janie pretended not to see the man in the bathrobe as she slipped past him to the door. The lobby had cracked black and white tile floors, dull brass, an arching mosaic ceiling and an impressive reception desk with a big chunk missing from the corner.
The desk guard's face lit up: "You again!"
Janie tried to place the face. It did seem familiar.
"It's the girl who was mugged!" he said.
Ah! The night watchman who'd been so kind to her on the night she'd been robbed, back when her life ended and purgatory started. What had it been? Two months ago? 
"So you changed jobs?" she asked.
"I was trying something else for awhile, but I couldn't stand the commute."
"Thanks for your help that night."
"You got your purse back?"
Janie nodded. Then she remembered why she was there. If she was going to get the job, she should probably pretend to be little more on-the-ball.
"I have an appointment with Ron Essing," she said. The desk guard's smile froze.
"Of course."
"Wait a minute. How do you know about my purse?"
He glowered. "You think it drove itself home?" Was there such a thing as a friendly glower?
"But how--" 
He held up a hand as he mumbled into the phone.
How had he found it? Why had he bothered?
"Somebody ditched it in the alley. Fifth floor," He brushed off her thanks and gestured toward an ornate brass elevator.
As the elevator squeaked slowly upward, she rehearsed her schtik: ...thought it was time to try something new...have always wanted to work for Long Shot, Inc...excited about this opportunity...in the fascinating field of...of what? 
The door clanked open to a musty Victorian parlor with cut glass sconces on the paneled walls and saggy armchairs grouped in the corner. The floor squeaked under the worn carpet as she approached a battered desk plunked in the center of the room, facing the elevator. 
The girl who greeted her there was a little older than Janie. She wore some sort of flowing garment, and her eyes glowed with peace. Or something.
"Namaste." The girl raised her hands in a prayer-like greeting.
Just then, Janie heard a loud flush and a man Aunt Margaret's age in a wrinkled blue suit ambled down the hall to meet her. "Jenny?"
"Janie."
He wiped his hands on his trousers, grasped her hand with his damp one. "Yeah. Crystal, get some towels for the bathroom." He ran a hand over slicked-back grey hair. "Okay, come with me."
Crystal grimaced apologetically. Janie followed in a faint wake of B.O.
He ushered her into his office, closed the door, sat on the edge of the desk.
Janie slid into the client chair and leaned as far away from him as she could.
Ron Essing tugged up his pant legs, adjusted his skinny behind on the edge of the desk. "First of all, I'm sorry about your father."
Janie nodded, swallowed a lump in her throat.
"But I'm glad you finally decided to accept my offer."
"Well, I'm not sure. I mean I guess so. I mean, if you're offering a job, I pretty much have to take it, if I don't want to live on the street..." Could she ever just keep her stupid mouth shut? She winced and started over. "So, yes, please, if you're offering me a job, that would be great, but my aunt didn't really explain, um, what the position entailed." That was better. A little bit better.
"Your aunt says you've got some special skills that we can use here at Long Shot, Inc.," he said.
Janie's heart sank. Obviously, Aunt Margaret had been spreading stories about Janie's so-called gift. God knows what she'd said. All of the stories were exaggerated and some might even be wholly invented, but Janie wasn't sure because her memory of the toddler years was spotty. She did not "speak" to animals. She could not predict the future, she could not read minds. She had been precocious, maybe, but not the genius her aunt suggested. She was just an ordinary kid with an active imagination and poor social skills. Thank God, she was normal now. Relatively normal.
"You mean the psychic stuff? My aunt means well, but I'm not--" She started to rise.
"No! No!" He beckoned her back. "Actually, I was talking about marketing. She said you used to work for an ad firm."
Janie must have looked doubtful. 
"Anyway, it doesn't matter. I trust Margaret's judgment. She's quite a woman. A marvelous woman. I can't say enough good about her."
Janie wished she had some of Aunt M's mojo. 
"We'll put you in the Trends department to begin. It may seem tedious, but it will get you into the groove of things. Once you've developed an understanding of the business, I'll have you work with me on communications. I've been reading about viral marketing and I need someone young, somebody who's tuned in, someone who can Tweet and Facebook. I've got to admit, this stuff scares the hell out of me." He leaned forward. "I don't even have a cell phone." His smile was disarming. "Do you have any questions?"
Yes! She had questions! For example, why did this seem too good to be true? But she didn't say that. Good girl. 
Instead, she said, "My aunt says you're old friends."
"Yes, well, she hasn't aged like I have," he chuckled, "but yes, your aunt and I were young once. I know it's hard to believe. Sometimes I start thinking I'm still that young man, and then I catch my reflection in the mirror and I'm horrified."
"I know the feeling," Janie said, under her breath.
At Ron's pained expression, she said, "I mean, not about you, about me. Never mind. Sorry. Go on."
"Your Aunt Margaret and I first came here together in the '70's, and while she moved on, I never managed to leave. From the time I arrived, I felt deeply connected to the Long Shot Hotel, to the cave, to its power. You know about the cave?"
Alarm bells went off in Janie's head. She swallowed. "I'm not sure."
Her temple itched. She wondered whether this had something to do with Great-great-grandpa Gundy's treasure.
"We know now that this is a sacred place," he continued. "A place where one can experience the undifferentiated world, see through the illusion of time. But at first, I just thought it was cool."
Janie tried to keep her face straight. Yes, he was definitely a freak.
"Some people don't believe. A lot of people. Most people. And that's okay." He gave Janie an understanding smile.
"The original structure dates from around 1866. You might have noticed it's built right into the hillside, and there's a reason for that. A cave system extends into the mountain here. The Indians called it the Womb of the World. It was used for special ceremonies and only with careful preparation, purification, that sort of thing. It's not the kind of place you want to take too casually. The cave is a place where the veil is very thin."


Chapter 14
Ron thought about how he had walked into Bank of the West for an appointment one morning a few months before and found Margaret settled in the waiting area with a briefcase on her lap. There was no mistaking her. She was every bit as captivating as she'd been decades before. 
It turned out they had both come to see the same loan officer. They joked uneasily about the coincidence and avoided mentioning the last time they'd seen one another. 
To Ron's delight, they ended up at lunch together. Margaret stabbed at her salad and ranted about common courtesy and how her time was valuable. Ron nodded a lot. He couldn't stop grinning, couldn't stop looking at her.
"Have you been to visit Joe?" she asked, out of the blue.
"No," he said, chagrinned. "I know I should. It's just...hard to see him that way." It was also hard to be reminded of the choices Ron had made, of his failings, of the time in his life when he'd had everything and let it slip through his fingers.
"He goes to a day program for adults. They do crafts and things." She said it so matter-of-factly, as though it could never have been otherwise. Then she told him about her business, The Online Metaphysical Superstore.
Ron nodded some more. He wanted her to talk forever. She was rain to his desert.
As Ron watched her chatter on, he wondered: Did Margaret feel the same? Over the years, had she thought about him as much as he thought about her? Did she wish that things had been different?
"I have missed you, Ron," she said, as though he had spoken aloud.
And the fire that had burned underground all these years flared back up. He knew that she consumed him. But it felt so right. Painful, excruciating, but right. As though there was a bond between them that neither of them could sever.
Just like that, he was back under her spell. They met for lunch, for drinks. They talked about interest rates, tax strategies, employee benefits. All very sexy stuff.
Between their meetings, Ron found excuses to drive past her house, to shop at the hardware store in her neighborhood. And every few weeks he called.
There was nothing wrong with a couple of old friends getting together, he told his wife, Nancy. Besides, Margaret always had other men. At parties, he noticed them handing her drinks and laughing at her jokes and taking her coat. Clowns.
Secretly, he was desperate to see Margaret more often. Around her, he could imagine he was young and free, could ignore the warning signs that Long Shot, Inc. was slipping into bankruptcy. Loans that had seemed like a godsend years ago were crippling him.
Out of the blue one day as they parted in the Mataam Fez parking lot, she said, "I'm looking for an investment, if you hear of anything interesting."

Back in the office at Long Shot, Inc., Janie's smile seemed a little forced. Ron's eyes watered sometimes at the most awkward moments. He cleared his throat, stood. "I'll give you a tour."
Janie followed him down the hall, past Crystal, who was murmuring into the phone at the reception desk. 
As Ron Essing inserted a key into the elevator panel, he explained: "I think that anyone can see what a treasure this building is. You just can't get this kind of craftsmanship these days, the attention to detail and the quality of the materials. But the impetus behind the construction of the Long Shot Hotel and the town itself is the cave, so I'd like to bring you down there, let you get a taste of the thing that drives us all, in one way or another.
Long Shot, Inc. is a special company, you see, but more than that, it's a way of life."
The old elevator clanked downward. The brass doors juttered open. A red and white placard bolted to the opposite wall said: "NO SMOKING." A cloying scent belched into the elevator and forced its way down Janie's throat.
Mr. Essing murmured, "It's best not to try to fight it."
Janie put her sleeve to her nose to filter the air and followed Mr. Essing down a tunnel illuminated by dim yellow bulbs. One wall was built of stone and mortar. The other wall was shattered rock. A wooden boardwalk rose a few inches above the dirt floor. Unlit rooms and corridors branched off to the side. Stacks of furniture and boxes loomed in the shadows.
Essing stopped. Janie stepped on the heel of his shoe, caught a slight whiff of his B.O. and looked up. Mounted in an arch of rock, an antique black vault door barred the way. And escaping from around its edges were ghostly painted figures, squeezing out between limestone and steel, with huge, vacant eyes and horns, arms waving above their heads. "Run away!" they signaled. 
Janie gasped, then bent double, coughing and retching.
"Are you okay?" asked Essing.
"Yep," she croaked, cleared her throat, pulled at the front of her shirt as if that would give her more room to breathe.
A sweat had broken out on Ron's forehead, in spite of the coolness.
"Let's just turn around here," he said. Janie barely restrained herself from running back to the elevator.
Once the old elevator was clanking back up to reality, Janie said, "Sorry about all the coughing."
"Everyone is affected by it," he said. "For some, it's invigorating. But it's okay if you feel otherwise. As a matter of fact, that's a good thing."
"It was just allergies."
"Okay," he said, but it was clear he didn't believe her.
"So if this is actually, you know, a gateway to another world--"
"Not another world. This world."
Janie tried to picture that.
"You felt it," he said. "The crush of possibilities."
"If this place is so, uh, sacred, why isn't it famous?"
"People see what they want to see."
The elevator doors opened. 
Essing said, "We're going to have you fill out some paperwork, then we'll get you set up in Trends."
"You still want me to work here?"
He turned to her with a teasing smile. "Your aunt wouldn't lead me wrong."

A blank-faced blonde woman in a taupe skirt and blouse collected Janie from Ron's office like she was picking up milk at the convenience store and escorted her wordlessly down to the second floor. Most of the floor was taken up by an empty ballroom with parquet floors and a grand oak bar. Above the bar, a giant naked lady was painted on the wall. An open staircase led down to the lobby. Adjacent to the bar, a high-ceilinged room was partitioned into three cubicles. Here, the woman installed Janie at a melamine desk with a telephone and computer.
"I'm Janie, by the way."
"I know," said the other woman. 
"This is where you're supposed to tell me your name."
The other woman looked her full in the face and Janie almost flinched. The woman's dainty nostrils compressed. "Andrea."
Janie got the impression that Andrea spoke in code, and what she really meant was: Screw off. Had Janie done something to offend her already?
Then Andrea leaned across Janie's space, powered up the computer and launched into a machine-gun description of the job. "Rat-tat-tat-tat," she said. "Rat-a-tat-tat-tat."
Andrea clicked through several screens. Janie tried in vain to track her movements.
As far as Janie could tell, her job was to enter letters and numbers, dates and times into some sort of totally obsolete spreadsheet program, but she didn't have a clear idea of where the figures came from, what they were to be used for, or what should be entered where.
Andrea concluded and stood up.
Janie licked her lips. "I'm not sure I understand."
"It's not that hard." Translation: You're as stupid as you look.
Janie nodded as though that cleared things up for her. Andrea wheeled and left.
The computer screen blurred in front of Janie's eyes. She swiped desperately at the tears on the undersides of her lids.
It was the longest three hours of her life, gazing in bafflement at the computer screen. 
Down the hallway beyond the bar, Janie found a cavernous bathroom. The roar of the toilet flush sent her fleeing from her stall. She rinsed her hands under the rusty tap water, feeling silly. What did she think, some creature was going to lunge out of the toilet bowl and attack her?
Surreptitious glances into the empty cubicles on either side. When the floor creaked she straightened up and banged merrily at her keyboard, as though she were extremely efficient. That brought up an error message. Deliberation on whether to click "OK" or "Cancel".
Her desk drawers were locked. The file cabinet was empty except for her jacket. Dust coated everything.
At 5:01, she fled.
Day two, more of the same. Someone came and rummaged in one of the other cubicles, but by the time Janie got up the courage to introduce herself, they were gone. Over night, her computer had been turned off. At four-thirty, she found the program Andrea Machine-Gun had brought up the day before.
When Janie arrived on the following Monday, didgeridoo music blared from the far cubicle and the office felt lighter, somehow. She turned on her computer, shoved her coat into an empty file drawer.
"Finally!" A curvaceous girl a couple of years older than Janie bounded into Janie's cubicle. She had smooth olive skin, curls and a tiny diamond nestled in the divot of her nose that managed to look sophisticated yet sexy.
She was the exact opposite of Janie's stringy reddish hair, moon face and freckles, her cheap pretend-to-be-a-grownup business suit. Her exhaustion with life. Her tattered cuticles. This girl had...bounce. She was exactly what Janie had always wanted to be. 
The girl's pearly teeth gleamed. "When did you start? I was in Portugal. Oh, my god, who trained you?"
"Er...Andrea?"
"Oooh! Ron's daughter!" She touched the delicate little diamond. "I've never met her. What's she like?"
"I think she hates me."
"Well, you'll probably never see her again. Nobody ever comes in here. Well, hardly anybody. I'm so psyched I'll have someone to talk to! The girl you're replacing, Mel, just...vanished, and I guess they were holding her position in case she came back. Is the music too loud?"
Roxy was her name. She was taking a break from college, doing a one-year internship. And she finally explained Janie's job. Andrea had been right. It wasn't that hard.
Janie asked in several different ways whether there was more to the job. No, Roxy told her, just sort these columns of figures into this spreadsheet thingy, except you have to press tab after each digit. The figures came by mysterious means from the cave below the building and were sorted under headings like H2H4 and VP, the meaning of which Roxy had no idea.
"And that's all?" Janie asked for the second time.
"It's important work," said Roxy.
"Why?" Janie blurted.
"Because...we need to know if the effect of the cave is getting stronger or weaker. Too much chaos is bad for people. They, like, can't handle it or whatever. You know, people riot or there are wars, or they just throw their trash all over the ground."
Janie almost laughed before she realized Roxy was serious. Wow, that cave was responsible for a lot! "So the cave causes chaos?"
Roxy started to roll her eyes, then caught herself. "You should have seen this town before we started doing our work. I mean, I didn't, obviously, because I wasn't born yet, but this would still just be a creepy ghost town if we hadn't been, you know...I mean, the only people who ever came here, like, back in the seventies were on the lam."
Roxy arched her back, lifted her hair off her neck, let it flounce back down. The gesture annoyed Janie. Where did Roxy get off being so sexy and confident? And what did she really know about life, anyway? Her parents probably gave her anything she wanted.

After a couple of weeks of sorting numbers, Janie finally started to feel alive again. She'd been a hollowed out shell, shuffling through life since the death of her father and the fiasco with George. Now it seemed like there must be some sort of meaning or pattern, not just to the numbers but to her life, and it was just on the tip of her tongue.
Almost overwhelmed by this sense of possibility one afternoon, Janie decided she needed a break to clear her head. She wandered out to the bathroom to get a wad of damp paper towel, then set about wiping down her work space. It was satisfying to erase the thick dust and fingerprints. She cleaned her desk, the file cabinet, then as a finishing touch, ran the paper towel along the top of her cubicle wall. Something shiny plopped off, clinked to the desktop and dropped to the floor. Janie tossed out the paper towel and bent down. It was a key. She studied it, then sat and inserted it into the lock above her desk drawers. Sure enough, it worked, and inside, Janie found stacks of old mining maps, geological surveys, building plans, newspaper clippings, and printouts of obscure scientific reports.
"I found a bunch of junk in my desk drawer," she mentioned to Roxy a few days later. Maps and stuff. Is there someplace I should file it or something?"
Roxy came into her cubicle, crouched by the drawer and sifted through it. Every once in awhile she whistled under her breath.
Roxy went and found an old file box, loaded it up. "I'll take care of it," she said. Janie didn't think of it again for quite some time.

Every day, Janie drove her dad's old Taurus up to Long Shot, parked in the dirt lot next to the building, walked around and breezed past the wild-eyed man in a bathrobe loitering on the front steps.
Every day, he asked her, "What are you doing here?" When she was in a foul mood this really bothered her for some reason, but when she snapped back he just laughed. The truth was, she had no idea what she was doing. She knew that she didn't fit in, and it seemed like she was living someone else's life. She didn't even know who she was any more.
In the lobby, she usually paused for a moment to joke with Pete the desk guard, who had warmed up again since the day of the interview.
Janie got used to Roxy's music. Even started to wiggle in her chair to the electronic beat.
Half-intelligible yips and exclamations drifted over the fabric divider between their cubicles. Roxy brought in homemade gluten-free vegan baked goods, which mostly tasted like cardboard, but Janie appreciated the effort.
Roxy talked unenthusiastically about her boyfriend and what a nice guy he was. Janie could hear Roxy's half of their phone conversations: cheerful, gossipy, bubbly. But then, afterward, she could hear Roxy muttering to herself. Maybe things weren't that perfect for Miss Perfect. Then Janie felt bad about herself. She should be a better person. Roxy was practically her friend. Other than Pete the desk guard, she was the only person Janie spoke to every day, and she was nice and pretty and smart and charming. And that, Janie realized, was exactly why it was so hard to like her. She even had just enough faults that Janie couldn't hate her for being perfect. She was imperfectly perfect. 
Other than the occasional snarky thought about Roxy, Janie was doing really well. Then gradually in September the old lassitude seeped back.
At work, instead of categorizing numbers, she surfed the net and took lots of bathroom breaks. She second-guessed every thought she had, like part of her was contemptuous of the stupidity of the other part, but the stupid part was making all the decisions.
Meanwhile, her social life was just sad. Her salary was just enough to pay the mortgage if she lived on potatoes and canned tuna (part of the reason she was so grateful for Roxy's mediocre baked goods). She couldn't afford to go out, and even if she did, who would she go out with? All of her friends had moved on to college.
Often, she hunched over her cell phone, the screen on George's name. George, her old boss. George, who was married. She trembled to press "send". Didn't. She scrolled through their old text messages. It was like looking at old photographs of good times. But she couldn't call him. What would she say? He had told her he didn't want to see her again, that he didn't love her. Janie had imagined...had imagined a lot, as it turned out. She had built this fantasy world in which they had a future together. She had pictured a little Victorian house on Mapleton. Children. Lazy Sundays reading the paper in bed. But George already had that with someone else.
Lacey was always there when Janie got home, tail fanning the air, but now with apprehension rather than the joyful full-body wiggle she used to have. With her reduced life, Janie should have had time to take Lacey for runs, but she just didn't have the energy for that any more. Instead, they watched TV together: Extreme Home Makeover, American Idol, and What not to Wear. Shows where ordinary losers were rescued from their pathetic lives and elevated to something exciting, sublime.


Chapter 15
Roxy's job had something to do with recording and cross-referencing oracles, which, as far as Janie could tell were the stupid things people said when they were in the cave. Every once in a while, Roxy stood and paced around the office, ranting. The usual theme was that the cave should be open to the public, free of charge, that they could change the world, that it was wrong to focus on profit and efficiency.
Janie doubted that was really a problem. She couldn't see how anyone could make a profit out of what she forwarded upstairs on her spreadsheet every Friday, and as for excess efficiency...No...Roxy would have to be doing a REALLY good job to make up for Janie's dithering ineptitude.
One morning, as usual, Janie paused at the security desk to chat with Pete. The lobby was empty except for the two of them, and on impulse, she asked him, "Do you believe?"
He took his time before answering. "You live here long enough, you can't not believe. No, I don't have a problem with believing."
The door swept open and Bathrobe Man breezed into the lobby and up the stairs. 
"Aren't you going to stop him?" Janie whispered.
"For what?"
"I mean, do you really want him in here? He's..."
Pete watched her struggle for a word and burst out laughing. "That, Janie, is Jeff, our mighty Oracle."
"Oh my God," Janie whispered. "I thought he was a homeless person."
Pete snorted. "I'll let him know."
"No!"
His eyes danced for a moment. "I'm kidding. But he is my father."
"Yeah, right…oh, shit, you’re serious, aren’t you? Look, I always say the wrong thing, okay? It’s nothing personal. I’m sorry. Ugh."
The next day when Janie showed up for work, Pete gestured her over.
"If they offer to promote you, don't take it."
"Did Mr. Essing say something?"
Pete's face closed. Shit, she'd said the wrong thing again.
"What now?" She was sick of this. "What'd I say?"
He gathered his thoughts for a moment, looked her over, reached out with nicotine-stained fingers and pinched the arm of her jacket to keep her in place. "You’ve seen Jeff, right? Our Oracle? You want to end up like that?”
"Okay," she said, just so he'd let go.
"Maybe you've heard rumors of kids who've snuck in the back way."
"No, I haven't."
"Good. If you hear anything, I suggest you ignore it."

Later that day, Janie slumped back in her desk chair and scrubbed her forehead. Her eyes ached from staring at the computer screen. She stood up, stretched, wandered down the hall to the bathroom and filled up her coffee mug with tap water, then wandered back and peeked into Roxy's cubicle.
"Do you understand our job?" Janie asked.
"Yeah. Of course."
"No. I mean...why are we doing it?"
Roxy's was stern. "It's important."
"Really? I mean...sometimes I wonder whether I'm really accomplishing anything. It seems so...arbitrary."
"Lots of people feel that way about their work," said Roxy. 
Janie tried to remember if she'd ever felt that way working for George. That was different, though, because she'd thought she was in love.
Roxy continued, "You need to put it into perspective. In a factory, every person along the assembly line has only one small task to perform: put in a screw, attach a fender. But at the end of the day, a car comes out. And what about bureaucracy? You just date stamp your pieces of paper and send them to someone else. Even surgeons, a lot of them, do the same surgeries every day all day, fixing knees or whatever. And they know the people are just going to go out and drink beer and play softball and blow out their knees again."
"So you're bored too?" Janie asked.
Roxy reached up and fluffed her hair off of her neck, leaned back over her computer screen. But Janie didn't feel like being dismissed.
"Did you know there's another entrance to the cave?"
"That's just a rumor," said Roxy.

Somehow, they ended up at the Silver Dollar Casino across the street, drinking $2.50 happy hour margaritas in glasses the size of fishbowls with rock salt crusted around the lip. The bartender didn't ask for ID, probably because of Roxy. Janie decided she'd rather have a drink than food, even though the hot wings were really cheap. That was a bad decision, but only in retrospect. At the time, she thought she was being fiscally responsible. Then, she polished off every last drop of her margarita, because to not finish would be like throwing money away. Plus, it tasted so good. 
They sat at the bar, and men turned to ogle Roxy, and Janie imagined that maybe they were looking at her, too. Something welled up in her. An excitement about life that she'd only ever felt with George. And a kind of twisted pride mixed with a yearning for the confessional made her tell Roxy the whole sordid story. She didn't want Roxy to think she was boring. She was dangerous. She was desirable. She could steal women's husbands, for a while, if she wanted to.
"So Leslie's office is just down the hall from reception, where I work, but she emails me one day and asks me to meet her for lunch. Since I'd started working there, I'd kind of become friends with her and George, so that wasn't so strange, but I just got this sense that something was off."
They had met at Grounds Coffee Company. Janie got there first, took her chair and cinnamon roll to a low sofa in the back, leaned over the coffee table to dismantle her roll and wash down chunks of sweet gooeyness with tiny sips of scalding tea.
When Leslie walked in, Janie knew this was more than just a friendly lunch. As usual, Leslie's hair was caught up in a practical ponytail, the waist band of her skirt bit into her belly, and she looked tired. But she looked formidable as well. Janie scrubbed absently at that spot on her right temple. The spot that always knew.
Leslie turned one way, then the other. Janie caught her eye and raised her arm a fraction to greet her, then crossed it over her knee and fondled the shredded tail of her cinnamon roll.
Leslie didn't stop at the counter. She bore down on Janie, took a low leather chair across from her.
Janie scooted forward and tugged at the knees of her slacks to try to make her thighs look smaller.
"George and I had a talk," said Leslie.
Janie swallowed.
"He seems to think you're just friends. He says he hasn't slept with you."
"No, we're just...friends," Janie echoed. It sounded so lame. Of course they were more than friends. Janie understood him in ways that Leslie never could. But they hadn't done anything wrong. Not really.
"Do you know that he tells me all the things you say about me? I know, for instance, that you think that I'm not bad looking, but I don't take care of myself. You think he's the most amazing man in the world, and that I don't appreciate him. Thank you for that."
Eeesh.
"And you're not the first little 'friend' he's had since we've been married. Two years ago, it was Amanda. In 2005, it was Bethany.
"We have children. We have a business. My husband understands the importance of these things, so you're not going to be 'friends' any more. No more jogs. No more lunches. No more texting."
"That's not your decision to make." Janie's voice quavered.
"Actually, it is. And he asked me to explain it to you. He thought you might be hurt, isn't that sweet? He thought you might not understand. I know that you understand perfectly." Leslie stared her down. Janie's face prickled.
Leslie stood. "George forgot to consult with me before he offered you the promotion. Frankly, he doesn't need a full-time assistant, so your position is being eliminated. I'll be back at the office at two. That should give you plenty of time to collect your things."
Leslie's smile pinioned Janie in place.
As she left, a gust of wind blew through the door and sent napkins fluttering to the floor.
All Janie could think was: there had been others? That was impossible. What she and George had was special. Leslie had to have made it up.
Roxy said: "He sounds like a pussy."
Janie clamped her mouth shut. Suddenly, her story seemed so pathetic. If George was a pussy, what did that make her?
"This is your big love affair? A guy you never even slept with? And how old is he anyway?"
"But we have this connection--"
"Maybe you're connected, but I don't think he is."
"I'm going to the bathroom." Janie's eyes stung. She got unsteadily to her feet, knowing she couldn't say anything else without crying, and then she'd look even more pathetic. But unfortunately, the world seemed a little off-kilter. Shit, she was drunk.
Later, after Janie composed herself in the enormous restroom, then got lost on the way back, Roxy confessed that her boyfriend was a rock climbing bum who lived in his car. Janie giggled. Roxy got miffed. Janie ate her lime wedge. They each threw a five on the counter, and when the bartender didn't collect the money right away, Roxy stood to leave. Janie decided she'd look cheap if she made Roxy wait around for change, but still, five dollars was an awfully big tip for two drinks...
As Roxy started toward the door, Janie snatched up Roxy's unfinished margarita and gulped it down. It would be a shame for it to go to waste.


Chapter 16
"Charlie says he can get us in the back way," Roxy said the next day. "And it turns out I even have a map. Remember that stuff you found in your desk drawer?"
"Who's Charlie?"
"My boyfriend. Remember? We talked about this at The Silver Dollar last night."
"We did?" Janie vaguely remembered mentioning that she thought it would be cool to break into Long Shot, Inc. through the secret entrance and sneak down to check out the caverns, but that was just the tequila talking. She didn't realize it had become a plan.
She also vaguely remembered reeling back into The Silver Dollar once she realized she couldn't drive, slumping at the bar and drinking a series of Orange Fantas. Had she even paid for those?
The drive home down the canyon was the scariest thing she'd ever done, leaning over the wheel, squinting at the yellow line, cars swerving impatiently around her. If there were anything left in her stomach, she'd throw up just thinking about it. The self-loathing was extra strong today.
"...Saturday."
"Huh?"
"Are you in?"
Roxy mistook Janie's look of horror for, maybe a grin of delight, because she said: "We'll meet you at the pullout."
There was a difference between wanting to do something (like breaking and entering) in theory, and really wanting to do it. It was like the difference between looking forward to doing something and looking forward to having the memory of having done something. Janie had thought everybody knew that. Apparently not.
Janie couldn't figure a way to get out of it without looking boring or...well, basically she was boring. But she was trying out this new thing of being adventurous and cool. So there she was at the pull-out on Saturday morning.
Charlie's car was a rusted old Toyota Tercel wagon, gold with tan plaid upholstery. The passenger seat was heaped with wadded-up clothes and fast-food packaging. There was a toothbrush on the dashboard. The back was full of packs and ropes, and piles of shiny aluminum gear. Looking through the hatch while Charlie rummaged for a clean shirt, Janie wondered where he slept. Probably Roxy's place. He was gorgeous, dread-locked and muscular. He didn't need a home. Any girl would take him in.
Roxy's bouncing curls disappeared behind a clump of stunted spruces and Janie followed, crunching over desiccated grass and scarlet patches of kinnikinick. Charlie brought up the rear. Janie couldn't figure out what was taking him so long. Janie was pretty out of shape and a little anemic from her new ascetic lifestyle, but he was way back there, strolling along, hands in his pockets.
Twenty minutes brought Janie to where Roxy crouched on a lichen-covered granite boulder. The town of Long Shot rested below them in the valley. Barren ridges stretched into the distance. An icy wind battled with the warmth of the sunshine. 
"How much farther?" asked Janie.
Eyes sparkling, Roxy pointed at some rocks. When Janie went over to look, she saw a steel grate in their midst.
Janie mimed enthusiasm. It wasn't as hard as it would have been a couple of days before. Roxy's energy was contagious when it wasn't annoying.
Their headlamps were already on their heads when Charlie drew near, paused, and said, "You're sure you want to do this?"
Roxy's breath came out a growl, and she glared at him. Janie got the idea they'd already had this conversation.
"You could've just told me how to open it. I didn't ask you to come along."
He strode up, stalled.
"Now what?" Roxy snapped.
"Did you move these rocks?"
Janie gave Roxy a questioning look and Roxy shrugged. "Just open it."
Charlie kneeled and stuck his arm through the bars. He felt around for a minute, grimacing, grunted. A section of the bars dropped open with a screech. He stood, motioned with both hands like a magician's assistant, and said, "Have fun!" Then he jogged off down the path.
"I thought he was coming," said Janie. It suddenly seemed scarier without, well, a muscular man along. 
Roxy had already clambered inside.
"Forget about him." Her voice was muffled. "He's afraid. Man, I wish I had a better headlamp."
Janie lowered herself through the gap in the bars and Roxy guided Janie's hands and feet to pockets chipped into the limestone. After Roxy coaxed Janie down, she clambered up and swung the gate shut behind them. Janie switched on her headlamp, which cast a weak circle of light onto the glittering stone walls.
"Wow! Is that mica?" Janie asked.
"Dunno," said Roxy. She adjusted her headlamp, then peered into a narrow tunnel which vanished into blackness almost immediately.
Janie had last used her headlamp on a school trip to Moab, two springs before. Since then, it had been buried at the bottom of a cardboard box in the garage. She wished she'd bothered to check the batteries.
As she straightened, she whacked her head on the ceiling. Roxy laughed, then turned and cracked her own head. After that, she didn't think it was so funny any more.
They hunched and lurched forward together, stumbling on softball-sized rocks. Janie kept one hand on the wall to guide her as her eyes adjusted to the darkness.
Air currents swirled around them, warm then cold.
Janie had a wish list already: ski jacket, helmet, big man, electricity, a ride home. For this to be over. A hamburger. This month's mortgage payment. "Ow!" She'd turned her ankle. Hiking boots.
"Are you sure you know where you're going?" asked Janie.
"I told you I looked at a map."
The circle of light from Janie's headlamp seemed to be getting yellower and yellower. Roxy, who was a step ahead, didn't even cast a shadow any more. There was just a bulls eye of yellow on the back of her wind-breaker.
Janie tried to peer around Roxy, but she couldn't see much, so she put her head down and concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other. Each step seemed about the same. It was like walking a rocky treadmill. Even time stood still. She realized that the passage of time required change, otherwise there was nothing to tell you it was a moment later, or an hour later. The next day she would think that maybe she had it wrong. Maybe time had always been an illusion.
Lost in her own world, Janie tripped and fell to her hands and knees. When she shone her headlamp on her stinging palms, she realized the glow had faded out completely. She prodded her palms with her fingers. They felt rough, but Janie couldn't tell whether they were bleeding.
As she started to stand, she realized that Roxy had continued on without her.
"Roxy," she said, and her voice was loud and urgent in her ears.
Just then, she heard a faint yelp.
"Roxy?" she roared, then breathed deeply to keep from panicking. She thought she heard a mumbled reply, but it may have been her imagination.
Janie crept forward, hunched low so that she wouldn't hit her head. One hand trailed along the rock wall to her left, one hand groped forward, fingers spread.
"Roxy?" she said. "Roxy?"
Sparkles danced in front of her eyes. Maybe her eyes were just bored.
She felt a little warning flash in her temple and she flinched backward, but when she waved her arms around her head, nothing was there.
"Roxy!"
Holding her breath, she stopped and cocked her ear forward. Yes. There was an echo of movement up ahead.
"I'm okay," Roxy's voiced drifted toward her. Then Janie saw a glow of light.
"There's a big hole here," said Roxy.
Janie shuffled forward one more step, and a blast of cold air blew up into her face. She dropped to her knees, inched forward until her right hand came down in open air. The light from Roxy's headlamp blinded her. Closing her eyes, she said, "Could you point that thing someplace else?"
"Sorry." The glow swung around, illuminating a scene that made Janie's stomach drop. Roxy crouched on a sloping rock shelf about six feet below. Beyond her, a sheer-walled shaft breathed sweet, frigid air.
Roxy stirred and a stone rolled off the edge, disappeared into the darkness. A second later Janie heard a ploink.
The silence stretched. Nothing Janie could think to say was very encouraging. Janie was scared to death, and she was on solid ground. Roxy's position was much more tenuous. One wrong move and she could tumble into the abyss.
"It could be worse," Janie said at last.
The glow swung back up into her face, and all she could see of Roxy was a bright star of light. Janie blinked and fended off the glare with the palm of her hand.
A noise like a sob came from the hole, then crescendoed into a hearty belly laugh. Eventually, the laughing died down.
"Janie?"
"Uh-huh?"
"I'm going to need a hand up."
Janie peeked over the edge and saw Roxy balanced on a pile of rubble. Her fingers spread just to the lip and waved at Janie.
Oh, God. She had to help Roxy, right? Was there any way she could refuse? Carefully she lowered herself to her stomach, stuck a hand out. With one hand, Roxy gripped Janie by the forearm. With the other, Roxy grabbed Janie by the collar. Janie's hoodie rode up over her head. She put her head down, thought heavy thoughts and whimpered as Roxy's weight dragged her toward the shaft. Then Roxy's knee ground Janie's elbow into the floor and Roxy sprawled on top of her. Janie could feel Roxy's stomach convulse with laughter.
"Maybe we should look at the map," Janie suggested.
Roxy rolled off of her and stood.
"Oh, we don't need that. I've got it memorized. It's just that other passage didn't feel right."
It all felt wrong to Janie, and she hadn't even noticed any other passage.
"Why don't we just call it a day?" Janie asked. "We can come back another time." That was a lie. She was never coming back.
"No way! This is cool, Janie!"
"You almost just died."
"But I didn't!" Roxy crowed. 
Since Roxy had the only working headlamp, Janie was going wherever Roxy went.
Roxy doubled back. Janie grabbed hold of the tail of Roxy's windbreaker before she was left behind. Roxy ignored Janie's pleas and squeezed sideways into an even narrower tunnel. Janie could sense Roxy trembling but Janie didn't think it was from fear. Roxy was jazzed.
Breathe in...breathe out. They trod down, down. Roxy's voice startled Janie out of her meditation.
"Don't you feel so...alive?"
No. She might actually throw up if she spoke, though.
She felt the walls closing in. She wanted to flee, but was afraid to leave Roxy's side. 
"Cool!" Roxy picked up speed and Janie struggled to hang on behind her. Oh, God. Janie was starting to realize that Roxy's idea of cool was different from hers. Janie's idea of cool was paying the mortgage and having ice cream in the freezer. Sleeping with Lacey nestled into her hip. An easy jog with no hills.
They crawled, wriggling through narrow gaps. Down, then up, then down. Janie's knees ached. It smelled of dust and something sweet.
The bottom dropped out of their passage and Roxy hopped down into a chamber. Janie splatted behind her and lay, assessing the damage, while Roxy ran around picking things up and exclaiming. Janie had bitten her tongue on the landing. Her wrist was sore, and she had gravel up her nose.
"Do you think these are human bones?" Roxy asked. She held them like drumsticks.
Before Janie could get a good look, Roxy stooped to pick up something else. 
"Wow, do you think this is like a crypt or something?" Roxy said. "Look at this!" 
It was an old leather boot, smashed flat. She tossed it aside and scampered up a rickety wood ladder and turned left. Janie dragged along behind her. 
"Roxy, we need to figure out how we're going to get out of here. I don't think we can get back up to that hole we fell out of."
"Back that way." Roxy gestured behind her.
Janie glanced over her shoulder into the darkness. The tunnel must run in both directions.
They wound downward. The sweet stench was suffocating. 
She chased Roxy down the tunnel, into one side passage and then another. She collided with Roxy as she whirled around at a dead end and started to double back. In the sweep of Roxy's headlamp, Janie thought she saw clay figurines lined up on a ledge, but that had to be her imagination.
Back, they went. 
"Where are we going? Would you slow down for a sec?" Janie panted.
A moment later, Roxy stopped and inspected a narrow section of cave wall that appeared to be built of stone and mortar. She backed up a few feet. Her breath came faster.
"Nooooo!"
Janie flinched back. "What?"
Roxy beat the rock with the palms of her hands. "She's trapped and she can't get out!"
Janie gathered her courage and crept closer. "I thought you said the exit was the other way."
Roxy's headlamp suddenly blinded Janie. Janie couldn't read Roxy's expression behind the glare. Roxy turned back to the wall, flung herself at it, and bounced off. She lunged forward again, tugged on a stone.
"Let's just go home. Roxy? Can we just leave? It's not going to move." Janie tried to pull her away.
"Let go of me!" Roxy shook her off. "I need a pick! A battering ram! A jackhammer! Look around!"
"Roxy, there's nothing here."
"Where can we get one?"
"A jackhammer?"
"Do you think we can rent one?"
"Uh. I guess."
Roxy bolted back the way they had come.
Janie caught up just as Roxy wriggled into a slot at the base of a wall and disappeared, along with the light.
Imprisoned by darkness, Janie fought panic.
"What's taking you so long?" Roxy's muffled voice.
"Is that the way out?"
"Oh, yeah."
Janie knelt and groped forward, wormed into the slot. Her breath bounced off the rock and blew back into her face. She thrashed around, trying to find something to push off with her feet, lifted her head a fraction of an inch and butted her forehead on the ceiling. 
Roxy's voice sang out, a little closer than before, "What are you doing?"
"I can't see, dammit!" Janie yelled.
"Oh. Just come this way."
Janie pushed with her foot and scraped forward. Sharp stones dug into her back. A chain of curses flowed out of her mouth, filled the space.
The mountain threatened to crush her. There was no room to breathe.
More curses.
The view behind her eyelids turned red. She opened them and yellow rock bore down on her. A half-basketball-sized bulge pinioned her to the ground. Light shone through a narrow gap.
"I can't fit."
"Stop being a baby."
Janie blew all the air out of her lungs, wriggled and scraped. Rock ground across her nipple.
Then the slot widened slightly and Janie rose to her feet in a room-sized cavern.
A steel vault door gleamed in the occasional flash from Roxy's headlamp.
Rubber-legged, Janie ran to it and yanked on the lever. It wouldn't budge. A wave of nausea washed over her. Would they be trapped until Monday morning? Could Janie survive that long? Was there enough air?
Roxy had squatted at the opposite wall and the sound of slurping echoed in the chamber. Janie wanted to ask what she was doing, but she was working on breathing.
"It's all so beautiful and perfect and whole, I could just drink the whole world!" The cave echoed with Roxy's racking coughs. Slurp, slurp.
The yellow orb of light from her headlamp gleamed off the surface of a puddle.
Janie wanted to tell her to stop. Any water in Long Shot could be contaminated with cadmium and arsenic from mining.
Now Roxy was rolling in the dirt at Janie's feet, squirming out of her clothes. Janie caught a flash of bare thigh and closed her eyes.
The sound of deep breathing and a gentle flutter by her face made her open them again. Roxy pirouetted and leapt around the chamber babbling about beauty and wholeness. Janie wasn't feeling it. All she felt was anxiety and dread. She was suffocating in it. Roxy splashed into the little pool. Soon, she fell silent.
Janie worked up some saliva. "Roxy?" It was like the shout that breaks you free of the nightmare. Suddenly, Janie's mind cleared. She stumbled forward, found Roxy facedown in two inches of water. Janie heaved Roxy upright, stumbled around the room giving her abdominal thrusts. Water spewed out of Roxy's mouth, and finally she coughed weakly. Janie flipped her onto dry dirt, whipped off Roxy's headlamp and put it on her own head so she could see. Her own useless headlamp had been lost long before.
Roxy began to mumble as Janie ran to the door, threw herself on the lever, wrenched to and fro. It didn't budge, but that was her plan and she was sticking to it. "Open, open, open!" she yelled, until it finally gave under her weight and she fell to the floor. She snatched up Roxy and what she could find of her clothes and dragged her into a vestibule with electronic equipment arrayed on shelves. Two PC's hummed and ticked on a desk. Janie caught a whiff of cigarette smoke. In the opposite wall, there was another steel door.
Janie hauled the first door shut, then threw herself at the second door, wrestled it open and dragged Roxy into a dim hallway. Vaguely, she recognized it as the basement of Long Shot, Inc., where Ron Essing had brought her on her first day. Janie dumped Roxy on the wooden gangway and hauled the door closed behind them.
But something still chased her. It leaked through the stone walls, through the sealed door. It permeated the hallway. Tentacles of it tugged at her heart, her limbs. The ghostly paintings on the wall taunted her: "Run away! Run away!"
"I have it, I have it," Roxy's eyes shone. 
"Yes, fine. Bend your arm."
Janie pulled on Roxy's T-shirt and pants, helped her into her windbreaker, shoved sneakers onto her feet.
She ran down the hall and hammered the elevator button. "Roxy, let's go!"
"I'm trying to think," said Roxy. "This is really important."
The elevator clanked open. Janie yanked Roxy in before the thing could catch up to her again. Somehow, she knew that if she paused, she'd be bogged down again by anxiety and doubt, by the vastness of the universe.
Eyes closed, Roxy sighed, sighed again.
"Are you going to throw up?" Janie asked.
"No. I can't remember! I'm losing it!"
"Good."
"No, you don't understand how important it is."
"No, it's not."
"We have to go back! There's something we need to do!" Roxy slapped at the elevator buttons, but luckily it was too late, and the doors dinged and slid open in the silent lobby.
It was silent for a second, then a voice boomed out of the darkness: "Did you listen to anything I told you?”
Janie caught a lungful of cigarette smoke: "Pete?"
He stood in the shadows, hands on his hips. "Turn off that damned headlamp."
Janie tugged off the forgotten headlamp, sheepishly smoothed down her hair.
"You're lucky I happened to be here. How do you think you got out? You think the airlock doors unlocked themselves?"
Janie's heart sank. "I'm fired, aren't I?"
Roxy gripped her so hard it hurt.
Pete shifted from one leg to the other. "Not if you keep your mouth shut. Now, get out of here."
He shoved them out into the light of day. It seemed like it should be nighttime. It seemed like Janie had lived a whole life down there. 
"We'll go back," said Roxy, patting Janie's shoulder blade to reassure her. "Maybe tomorrow. We'll figure out how."


Chapter 17
While Janie walked Roxy home, then started the long hike back to her car at the pullout above town, Pete the desk guard lit up another cigarette and rubbed his wrinkled forehead. Why did he do it? Why take the chance for someone he barely knew? Just because she reminded him of his daughter Mel?
He wandered back behind his desk and gazed at the computer screen as it paged through infrared scenes from the cavern and various spots around the building. Then he paused it at the cavern, enlarged the picture and fiddled with the contrast. There it was, crumpled on the floor of the chamber: Roxy's bra or something. Something that didn't belong there, and might invite questions.
Pete promised himself a fifth of Crown Royal if he could just take care of this. Tomorrow was Sunday. He could sleep until two p.m. and wake up numb. The thought gave him a little motivation. Then, before he could change his mind, he dove for the elevator and inserted the key that allowed him to access the basement for the second time that day.
He breathed deeply in the elevator, like you do before entering a port-o-john, and when the doors squeaked open, he pressed the "stop" button and scurried toward the cave.
His head swirled. "Bra, bra, bra," he panted as he wrenched open the vault door, flicked a light switch, spun the combination lock on the inner door and dove into the chamber. Down, down, he swam through thick air, reached out a slow-motion hand, hooked the lacey little thing on his index finger, brought it wonderingly to his face. "Out," he screamed in his head, but the trip back to the surface was slower than the dive down. He drifted over, sagged into the first vault door, watched himself grasp the handle. Part of his mind was still in the chamber, wanting to check the whole place over, make sure nothing else had been left. And was it really a good idea to remove the evidence? And where should he place his feet when he walked? "Out." He made the word fill his whole mind, to black out all the indecision, all the other actions and worlds and possibilities. Forced his mind to turn to the one task. Yes, the bra was still hooked on his finger. He curled his fist around it, backed out. He had the outer door half closed when he remembered the lights. A whimper of despair sounded in his ears. What had made that animal sound? Was it him? He ran his palm down the wall, hit the switch and the light extinguished. He fell to his knees after locking the second vault door. It was probably for the best. Crawling was safer. Then he noticed the individual planks of the wooden gangway. Some had a slightly different grain than others. Was that meaningful?
"Out," whispered a voice from far away, and he crawled forward into the elevator.
As he reached up from the floor to push the red button, he had serious doubts about where this was going, but it was too late. The doors squeaked shut.
When his head started to clear, he opened his eyes, struggled to his feet and punched the lobby button with the side of his fist. It was getting worse. Every time he went down to the cavern, it affected him more. Why had he risked so much just now?
Back at his desk, Pete stuffed the bra to the bottom of the garbage can, ejected the security tape from the VCR, dropped it in his coat pocket and pulled a random one from the tape archive in the credenza. He placed a new label over the old one and wrote the day's date on it. The sun disappeared over the mountain tops and washed the lobby floor with a tender pink. He hadn't found any answers about Mel that day, but maybe it was good that he'd been snooping around on his day off. Maybe he'd found what he was meant to find.


Chapter 18
On Monday, Roxy was still lit up like a Lite-Brite about her experience in the cavern over the weekend. She kept peeking around the cubicle wall, grinning maniacally and dancing around the office.
Janie couldn't understand it. It was the kind of experience a reasonable person doesn't repeat.
But no, Roxy rhapsodized about the ordeal in the cavern to the point that Janie wondered whether she even remembered it.
Or perhaps Roxy was still under the influence of the cave and not to the "hangover" stage yet?
"So, why did you want to knock over the wall?"
Roxy's face clouded. "What wall?"
"You wanted to rent a jackhammer. You can't even remember, can you?"
Roxy turned from the window, where she'd been gazing out like a princess waiting for her prince, all giddiness and longing, and her face formed into sober lines for the first time that day.
"No." She searched Janie's eyes. "But I remember that it was wonderful."
Janie groaned.
The spark rushed back, then. "I had it, Janie. I had it, and I lost it."
"You're deluded."
Roxy turned a pitying eye her way. "I almost had it all, and I lost it, but a part of it is still right here.” She put her hand to her heart. "And I know--" Her eyes brightened and her voice trembled. "--I have to go back into that cavern, with or without you."
"Can you keep it down? Somebody might hear."
"Nobody ever comes in here, Janie."
That was true, but still Roxy was being careless. Maybe Roxy could afford to lose her unpaid internship, but Janie had a mortgage to pay and Top Ramen to buy.
Roxy flounced back to her cubicle, but Janie could hear her rustling around. Obviously not getting any more work done than Janie. They squirmed around in their separate worlds for half an hour. Then Janie heard a squeak as Roxy bounced out of her chair.
"I'm going to talk to Mr. Essing."
"What?"
"Don't worry. I won't mention you."
"What are you going to say?" Janie shoved her chair back as she stood. It rolled off the edge of the carpet protector. "I don't think you should--"
But Roxy was already halfway to the elevator.

On the fifth floor Roxy burst out of the elevator. "Where's Ron Essing?" she demanded of Crystal the receptionist, who flicked a hand toward her right.
Bounding into Ron Essing's office, she got right to the point: "You don't know what you're doing!"
Ron stood. "You're Roxy, right?”
Roxy ignored him. "And you're a hypocrite."
"Fair enough. Exactly what did I do?"
"Of course you don't know," Roxy mumbled to herself. The floor squeaked as she paced in front of Ron's desk. "Where do you people get off interpreting the oracles? What makes you think you know any better than anybody else what they mean?"
"We only--"
"I had a--revelation--over the weekend. The cavern spoke directly to me. I felt it in my soul."
Ron sighed. "What did it say, then?"
Roxy waved a hand. "I can't remember, exactly…"
"Okay."
"But it was something important. I need to go ba--I need to go into the cave. And not just me. We should allow--"
"We?"
"Allow," she said, louder, "everybody to directly experience the cavern. It shouldn't just be about making money."
"You think I'm getting rich?"
There was a knock at the door.
"Come in!" Ron shouted.
Andrea opened the door and froze mid-step when she saw Roxy.
"Sorry, Dad. I thought we were meeting at--" she looked at her bare wrist as though it could tell her the time.
Roxy jumped up and made a grab for Andrea's hand. "You must be Andrea."
Andrea allowed Roxy to shake her limp hand and formed her lips into what would have to pass for a smile.
Ron stood as well. "Roxy came to see me unexpectedly."
"Dad, something's come up, and--"
"Don't mind me," said Roxy. "If this is important, you should take care of it." She showed no intention of leaving, however.
Andrea jerked her chin toward the hallway and Ron followed her out.
The oak door clunked shut behind them.
"Jeff won't come out of his apartment," hissed Andrea. "The client's supposed to be here in ten minutes for an oracle."
Ron's mouth formed into an 'O'. "He has been looking...frazzled."
"We can use the usher as a backup," she said, "but I'm going to have to usher him in and out myself. You can do the recording and interpretation, meet with the client, and so forth."
"I don't think that's a good idea."
"There's no one else, Dad. And it's just once." 
She studied his face as he stood there, thinking.
"No," he said at last. "Roxy can usher him."

When Essing re-entered his office a minute later, Roxy was spinning in his leather executive chair. She put a foot down and her hair bounced to a stop a second after.
He managed to keep a straight face but secretly he was charmed. Her cheek was, well, awe-inspiring.
"I suppose you're going to fire me," she said. "Go ahead. I've got nothing to lose. You're the one with the problem."
He gestured and she slid out of the chair, which he then reappropriated.
He spoke slowly. "I can't give you everything you want. But. We have an opening in the Oracle department. An usher position."
Roxy's chin jerked up.
"The usher escorts the Oracle in and out of the cave, assists him if something goes wrong, monitors the computer equipment in the airlock. The work there is more exhausting than you would think. Most ushers burn out after just a few months."
Essing leaned back in his chair and almost toppled over. She'd adjusted the tilt mechanism.
"If you can handle the exposure, there is the slight possibility that one day you could become an Oracle."
Her hands trembled as she lifted the hair off the back of her neck.
"What does it pay?" She kept her voice even.
"I think we can work something out. But I have to warn you this job is not for everyone. And cave access is strictly limited. You don't smoke, do you?"
Roxy shook her head.
They eyed each other.
"You can start today."

Janie worked alone from then on, in her cubicle-partitioned corner of the room on the second floor. She leaned back in her chair and stared at the cracked ornamental plaster running around the edge of the ceiling. Sometimes she jerked awake when she started to snore. Light filtered over the half-wall from the large double-hung window, but she couldn't tell whether it was sunny or snowing, morning or afternoon.
For an hour or two each day, Janie pulled up her spreadsheet and entered data points. She'd come to the conclusion that nobody actually ever looked at her work. Ron Essing might have forgotten he'd hired her.
Other than brief chats with Pete and sporadic visits from Roxy, Janie's only social connection was Lacey the dog, who greeted her every night with sad eyes. Lacey was an excellent listener but not much of a conversationalist. Janie missed her dad like missing a limb.
As far as Janie could tell, Pete had refrained from mentioning Janie and Roxy's caving adventure to management. She'd tried to thank him, tried to bring up the subject in one of their private morning chit-chats, but he'd cut her off and sent her away feeling awkward.
Since Roxy's promotion Janie saw her occasionally in the lobby or on the way down in the elevator, looking pink-cheeked and bright-eyed, if a little feverish. But maybe Janie was imagining the feverish part. Envy could skew your perspective.
Once, Janie met Roxy in the parking lot as they both walked into work, and Janie asked about her job.
"I can't really tell you," said Roxy. "It's confidential." She said the word as though it were foreign, and Janie thought she detected a note of, well, triumph in her voice.
That was what she got for asking, thought Janie.
In the lobby, Janie paused at Pete's desk as Roxy skipped into the elevator.
"She thinks she's too good for me now," Janie hissed.
A flicker of something crossed Pete's face. "Don't be an effing idiot."
Janie turned away, chagrinned, and as the elevator doors closed, she thought she heard Pete muttering curses.


Chapter 19
"Pull over here," said Margaret.
The pickup rolled to a stop at a wide spot in the road with a panorama of mountain peaks. Puffs of cloud lay in rows across the sky.
"Wow." Ever the artist, Gary soaked it in. Calloused fingers rested on the steering wheel. The hint of a smile peeked from under his silver moustache.
"Yes, yes, it's beautiful, but you have work to do."
He lingered a moment longer, then climbed out of the truck. 
Margaret admired his veined forearms and rippling biceps as he hefted two hard plastic cases from the truck bed, and sighed to herself. Too bad she didn't love him.
He handed her a mostly empty nylon gym bag. She made her way up the faint path and he followed, puffing in the high mountain air.
When she stopped, he set down his burden and stretched his back, watching her from under lazy lids.
She noted that the rocks had been moved. So someone had been through her secret cave entrance. Kids, probably. You couldn't keep them out of anything. 
She outlined with her finger where the trap door hinged out of the grate. "I need you to weld this shut so that it can't be used again."
"Simple enough," he said, and set to work.
She also liked that he didn't talk too much. It was restful. 
Sparks flew. She sat on a boulder and said to his back, "Why are you always so agreeable? You should tell me to go to hell. All I do is use you."
"Works both ways," he said, without turning.
She knew he was bluffing. There was no one else for Gary.
As he worked, she drew in the sweet, familiar scent of the cave. And she reminisced, but not about Gary. 
Back in 1978 or so, she'd hired a man to cut open the rusty old bars, install the hidden latch and gate, make it look like it had always been there. She was sure Ron had never noticed. It probably never occurred to him that she'd been in and out of the cave all of this time.
Sure, Ron thought he owned the cave. But he didn't. It owned him. She was the one who could come and go at will, who had discovered all its secrets. Who wasn't afraid of it.
She'd toyed with the idea of stairs or a ladder down the shaft to the cave's beating heart, the Chamber of Wonders where Joe had been lost to the world. Ron would probably have never known. But then the shaft had filled with water one spring and never drained, and Margaret took that as a sign: a sign that maybe Ron was right, that maybe human beings weren't meant to get that close to the infinite. Maybe it was too much to bear.
Still, she'd gotten close enough to satisfy her yearning by climbing down once every month or so, breathing the heavenly air and just being present for awhile. She could feel Joe's broken spirit lingering there, waiting for his body to die, so that he could continue, whole, into the world beyond.
Every year, the hike up the mountainside and the climb into the cave felt more challenging, more dangerous. She'd started to worry about breaking a hip, dying alone. Old lady concerns. Margaret sighed. She hadn't been back for several years now.
She watched the weather move in, the clouds join and break apart.
Shielding her view with his body, Gary unzipped the gym bag and brought something out, then continued welding.
When he finished, he flipped up his face shield and got carefully to his feet, massaging his knees.
She leaned over to inspect his work. "You couldn't resist," she sighed. He'd added his own signature: A steel flower bloomed out of the grate. Curly chrome petals, rusted nail stamens. The kind of flower that might exist on another planet: beautiful but dangerous.
"For you," he said. "My steely little beauty."


Chapter 20
Andrea perched on the edge of a vinyl club chair, knees together, and leaned in to speak to the client. He was facing the warmth of the fire. Behind him, a view of snow-dusted mountain ridges filled the streaked windows.
He felt for the envelope of cash in his breast pocket, then turned the nervous gesture into a tug at his tie.
"Show me your question, Mr. Wechter."
With two fingers, he slipped a folded sheet of yellow legal paper from another pocket.
Andrea moved his coffee to the side then spread out the paper on the coffee table, read over the single sentence.
She spent ten minutes with him fine-tuning his question, asking for details, suggesting more specific phrasing.
When she was satisfied, she waited.
"Oh!" he exclaimed at last. "I suppose you'll want this!" He drew out the envelope. She scooped it up with the marked-up sheet of legal paper. It was $10,000 in cash.
She left him in the shabby ballroom and took the elevator back to her office. There, she handed the paper to Roxy, who trotted off downstairs.
She watched on camera as Don, the replacement Oracle, prepared himself, as Roxy and Don entered the air seal, as Roxy perched on a stool, inhaling deeply. Don let himself into the cavern. Andrea pressed "record" on the console at her desk.
He held the crumpled paper in his fist. At first he looked anxious, standing there, like his bus was late.
Then, there was a shift.
"To go under what is under and over what is overhead In between things with no spaces What's here is there and vice-versa Through the solid Jump back in time Be in two places at once High is low Young is old What is here is not here, or is something else (as it surely is for someone else), but that someone else is you as well The in-between The not-one-nor-the-other Inside out The impossibly possible. All that has never happened. Where change changes nothing because all potentials are already there."
He said all of this in one breath, squeaked out the last word, and collapsed to the ground, heaving.
Oh, shit. She was going to have to give him a few days off.
Andrea dove for the intercom. "Roxy, go get him."
On screen, the air seal opened. The young girl bounded in, coaxed the Oracle into a standing position and led him out on her arm. It didn't escape Andrea that Roxy lingered a moment before heaving the airlock closed, the way Andrea sometimes paused to drink in a sunset.
Andrea glanced at the clock at the bottom of her computer screen, sighed, and played back Don's speech. It was okay, but it didn't address the client's question, which was about his wife's cancer.
It was important to give him his money's worth, so Andrea tacked one final sentence onto the end as she transcribed it: "Health and sickness are a matter of perspective."
When Andrea stepped back into the ballroom with a transcript of the oracle written out in calligraphy on thick cotton-bond paper, she found Mr. Wechter chatting with Janie. They looked a little too cozy there, huddled in front of the fire.
Janie was warming her backside. Mr. Wechter was laughing. Andrea distinctly heard Janie say, "I think they're crazy, but they hired me, so I can't really complain."
Janie glimpsed Andrea too late, murmured something about getting back to work and scurried away.
Mr. Wechter shifted uncomfortably and reached for the transcript Andrea held out to him. 
"I was telling the girl about my agency. She says she wants to get into advertising," he said, almost by way of apology.
"You'd be doing me a favor if you took her off my hands," said Andrea.
The smile slipped from his face. "Well, let's see what you've got for me."
After lingering in the hall just long enough to overhear, Janie paced in her cubicle, grimacing and thumping herself on the forehead until she heard Andrea escort Mr. Wechter out. Why couldn't Janie keep her mouth shut? She should know by now to never, ever give too much information. That was, like, the number one rule in advertising according to George. Wechter Worldwide Branding would never hire her now, and Andrea would probably fire her. Janie braced for the blowback.
Sure enough, Andrea showed up in Janie's cubicle only a few minutes later. Janie didn't try to pretend she'd been working.
Andrea trembled with rage. She jabbed a finger at Janie. "You don't know anything about this business, and I don't appreciate your smart-ass remarks."
"I'm sorry," Janie said, as fast as she could. She could feel her face flaming.
Before Janie could get down on her knees, Andrea whirled and marched out. Apparently, Janie had been adequately debased.
Janie dedicated her afternoon to thinking of clever responses to Andrea's harangue. Things like, "When I'm your age, I'm not going to be working for my dad," and "Did you realize you have no lips?"


Chapter 21
A wave of whispers passed through Long Shot, Inc.
Janie didn't hear it from Pete as she scurried into work 45 minutes late the next day. She caught the news from Roxy, who made a special trip up to visit Janie in her lonely cubicle. Roxy bounced around talking a mile a minute: OSHA had arrived for a surprise inspection. A work safety complaint had been filed by an anonymous person. The compliance officers had confiscated a bunch of employee files. They had met privately with several employees, held a conference with Ron Essing, and were at that moment touring the basement in gas masks with a case full of gauges and gizmos.
"Gas masks?"
"That's what I heard."
According to Roxy, there were several rumors about the inspection. One was that the company would be shut down. Janie's chest tightened at the thought. Another rumor was that lead from mining waste had contaminated the building's water system.
"By the way," said Roxy, "I've been going through Mel's stuff--you know, the papers from your desk?"
"Mm-hm." Janie was still thinking about OSHA.
"And I found some stuff that will blow your mind. Seriously, big stuff."
Here she goes again, thought Janie. If Janie asked about it, Roxy would just tell her it was "Confidential" or something.
"That's nice," Janie said, with a bland smile.
"Seriously. Like, did you know that if you go into this certain chamber at just the right time, it will take you away to, I don’t know, like, another dimension--"
“You sound like my Aunt M.”
"--where you can see through the illusion of material existence."
"Sounds awesome."
"Just because you’ve never experienced oneness doesn't mean you have to be sarcastic."
As Roxy left, Janie muttered, "Yes, you're very special. I'm super impressed."
On her way home ten minutes early (she'd realized that nobody really cared when she came or went), Janie stopped at Pete's desk to ask him about the OSHA inspection rumors. Every muscle in his body tensed. A vein stood out on his forehead.
Janie drew back. "I just thought you might know."
"Why would I know? I don't effing know anything," he barked.
And that was the end of that conversation.


Chapter 22
One moment she saw the sheen of ice. The next moment, the Taurus was buried nose-first in broken trees by the creek.
Janie had been driving home down the canyon, just like any other night. It was a route she'd gotten to know well. She knew the sharp corners, the places where deer crossed, the spots where she could squeeze past slow-moving cars. But it had snowed that day, lazy specks drifting out of the sky, and Janie hadn't thought to watch for ice. After all, it was only October. Winter was months away, right?
She cursed the weather, extricated herself from the Taurus, tried to slam the door in fury, but it just bounced open again. Cars whooshed past, invisible on the road above. None of them stopped.
Huffing, she climbed the embankment. A car approached and she tried to flag it down. It slowed just enough to make the curve, and the driver gave her a dirty look as he sped into the straightaway.
Rigid with rage at the road, at the weather, at that other dammed driver, but mostly at herself (Could she not do anything right?), Janie pulled her cell phone from her purse. No bars. She hadn't been expecting cell reception here, but it would have been nice. 
Sighing, she dropped it back in, then got her bearings. On the other side of the road was a mailbox on a post and a rough dirt driveway. She would ask to use their phone.
Tufts of withered grass held a coating of frost. Lodgepole pines crowded the driveway. Pine needles crunched under foot. Up ahead, she saw a gleam of metal and a splash of aqua blue. She must be nearing the house, which was good because she wasn't feeling too well. She had the instinct that if she stopped, she wouldn't be able to start again, so she put her head down and counted footsteps to keep her going. She'd find out what the crash had done to her once she got some help.
Glancing up, she saw a shiny aqua and silver trailer, circa 1950, perched on cinder blocks in a rough clearing. Strewn about were a dismantled pickup, a stack of wood pallets, odds and ends. The shed was half finished. Tar-paper hung off it in shreds. All was silent.
What if the homeowners weren't there? She'd break in, she decided. This was no time for ethics.
And once she got to the telephone, who would she call? That was the kicker. Dad wasn't around any more, and her good friend Emma was off at college in Massachusetts, partying with frat boys.
Under a corrugated fiberglass overhang, Janie hammered on the aluminum door. The trailer rocked and squeaked as someone approached. The door burst open.
And there stood Pete, gut hanging over his boxer shorts, with a rifle under his arm.
His face covered all the gamut of emotions, then settled on puzzled.
Janie tried to smile.
"What the...effing...?" he said at last. He scanned the clearing behind her, looked her over, then turned to his own living room. The gun bobbed along with him.
Janie smelled cigarette smoke and liquor.
"I crashed my car," she said.
"How did you know I live here?"
"I didn't."
He turned away and disappeared from view. "You might as well come in," he said.
As she stepped into the tiny living room, she saw him stash a Chivas bottle in the cupboard above the sink.
Covering the floor was a checkerboard of stained rugs. Everything in the trailer was in miniature: the tiny sink, the bulbous fridge, the two-burner stove, the built-in knotty pine bookshelves. Pete seemed to hunch so he wouldn't hit his head. Even the curtains were tiny, like flowered halter tops.
"Can I use your bathroom?"
He motioned her into a cubby beyond the kitchen with a vinyl accordion door that refused to latch. Once she collapsed onto the commode, she took in the miniature pink bathtub and matching sink. It smelled faintly of mice and methane. When she flushed, the water trickled away.
Back in the kitchen, she hugged herself and rocked from foot to foot while he sucked down a Marlboro in two breaths, then took a long swallow, eyes closed, from his Budweiser. He had put on jeans.
The way their conversation had ended earlier that day, Janie didn't know where they stood. Were they still friends?
"I--uh--just need to use your phone, and I'll get out of your hair as soon as I can."
"You came here for a phone?" He spoke to a spot above her head.
"To call a tow-truck." She could talk the driver into giving her a ride home.
"Why would I have a phone?"
Most people did. He didn't seem to realize that. Or he was just trying to make things harder on her. He'd decided he hated her for some reason, and didn't want to help her out. Well, it was either let her use the phone or she'd stay all night.
"Look, asshole, I'm sorry I intruded on your peaceful evening, but I didn't have any choice, and my back hurts too much to walk into town." That was no lie. She'd barely been able to get up off the commode. "So either you help me out or you're stuck with me."
"I'll give you a ride home, okay? Just let me rest a bit. I wasn't planning on driving tonight." He took one last swig of beer, got up and moved a case of motor oil off a kitchen chair so she could sit down. Then he started making coffee.
"How'd you know we were in the cavern the other day?" she asked. "The alarm company couldn't call you if you don't have a phone."
He shrugged, interrupted the flow of coffee to pour himself a cup.
"Do you work on Saturdays?"
"You can either stop asking questions or you can effing walk home."

It was pitch dark when Pete pulled his Explorer around and gave Janie a boost into the front seat. Janie wondered whether two cups of coffee was enough, because his driving seemed self-consciously cautious. On the other hand, she was in no position to complain, since he was doing her a favor and wasn't making any mistakes. He drove slowly down the driveway, turned carefully out into the road and parked on the shoulder where she indicated.
"Yep," he said. "We get a lot of accidents at this curve."
Janie didn't respond. She didn't want to give him another excuse to bark at her.
"A guy died here once, a while back." Pete got out and walked over to the edge. Stood, hands on his hips, peering over the edge into the darkness. When he climbed back into the truck, he said, "They should put in a guardrail."
He pulled out and they rounded a couple of curves before he said: "Look, I guess I shouldn't of snapped at you earlier, okay?"
Still, she kept her silence.
"You can start talking to me again, 'cause you're not going to get another apology no matter how long you sulk."
"Can't a person just not talk? Does that always have to be an insult?"
"No. Unless it is."
"What?"
"An insult."
Janie drew a calming breath. "I've had a pretty lousy day, Pete. Can we not make it worse?"
"Well, I can relate."
Janie waited, but he didn't elaborate.
A couple more curves came and went. A car coming from the opposite direction flashed its brights, and Pete flicked off his with a mumbled curse.
"I don't know how I'm going to get to work. What if I lose my job because I can't come in? And I can't afford repairs."
"Insurance will cover that."
"Yeah, if I had it." She hadn't been able to make the payments since Dad died. She leaned forward, hugging herself.
And what if the Taurus was totalled?
"Turn left here," she mumbled. "It's the one on the right with the big bush out front."
"I remember."
"Oh, yeah, that's right." He'd returned her purse after it was stolen.
Pete slowed and coasted to the shoulder. She started to get out, but he put out an arm to stay her.
"You worried you're going to get in trouble?" 
She closed her eyes. If only.
"You want me to come in? Explain to your parents about it being a dangerous curve and how it probably wasn't really your fault?"
She tried to smile through the pain, but she could tell it wasn't working. He looked concerned now.
"My dad, ah, died recently."
He blew out his breath. A puff of alcohol and stale smoke on her cheek.
"Your mom?" he asked.
"Texas." She realized she was rocking back and forth, and made herself stop.
He sat very still, focused on the view of the road through the windshield.
"Why don't you just collect what you need and you can stay at my place until you get straightened out."
"Aah--"
"I'm serious. And I’m not--ah--one of those guys. You can sleep in my room, I'll take the sofa."
"No. I couldn't. I don't want to inconvenience you, and besides--"
"No. Think it through. How the hell are you going to get to work? Excuse my language, but you're pissing me off."
"I have a dog," she said.
"I could use a dog around the place. If I'd had a dog, I would've known you were coming tonight."
"I don't understand why you're being so nice all of a sudden." What was in it for him?
"You think I'm not nice? You can effing go to hell!"
Was that supposed to be a joke?
"Okay, but just until my car is fixed." He helped her struggle out of the truck and limp up her front walk. When Janie stepped into the house, Lacey flung herself at her ecstatically.
"I'm so sorry, baby, I'm so sorry!"
She let the dog into the yard to do her business. There was a wet spot on the carpet. Poor Lacey. Janie threw a dish towel down and stepped on it to blot up the pee while she arranged for the car to be towed to Long Shot in the morning.
Then she gathered some clothes and dog food, called up Lacey and headed for Pete's truck. She felt a pang as she locked the door. She didn't want to sleep in this moody man's smelly trailer, but, as he'd pointed out, she didn't really have a better option.
She woke up when he turned off the engine at his place. She was even more stiff after the drive. Pete kindly took her garbage bag of clothes and put it in his bedroom. He changed the sheets while she watched, then threw the dirty bedding on the love seat in the living room.
Lacey sniffed around before settling at the foot of the bed.
"I'll be out of your way in a day or two," Janie said.
Pete looked at her doubtfully. "It seems to me I'll never get rid of you. Don't take that the wrong way. It's just that you keep showing up. Might as well give in."
After Janie went to sleep, Pete opened a door off the tiny living room and stepped into a second bedroom. The bed was white with a frilled pink comforter and plastic pillars supporting a canopy. Faded stuffed animals lounged on the deep windowsill. A photo of Mel in cap and gown sat on the built-in dresser.
He paused by that, then sat on the bed and lifted the pillow to his face. Berries and bubblegum. He could still smell her there if only faintly. He'd told her when she graduated from high school that he'd keep her room here forever, just in case she needed it, and he couldn't bring himself to break that promise, even though it seemed like she was never coming back.
He woke just before dawn, curled on the frilly comforter. He straightened the wrinkles out and closed the door behind him before sprawling on the love seat for the last half hour of darkness.

Janie rode to work with Pete that morning. Usually, Janie would bring a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch, but she hadn't felt right raiding Pete's cupboards before work, so she ducked out to the casino to grab a bite at noon.
She ordered the chili special, which was the cheapest thing on the menu, and as she waited for it to arrive, she noticed Roxy at a nearby table with some familiar looking people from work.
It seemed silly to eat alone while a group of her co-workers had a lively conversation just a few feet away. But what if she walked over to say hi and they didn't invite her to join them? That would be worse. Janie switched to the other side of her booth so she could pretend she hadn't seen them. She stared at the ceiling and listened to the piped-in music and the cacophony of slot machines. The group's conversation swelled as they prepared to leave. Janie wished she had something to read. She pulled the condiment caddy toward her and started inventorying the contents.
"Hi! I thought you brought your lunch or I would have invited you!"
"Roxy!" Janie feigned surprise. "I didn't even see you!"
Roxy slid into the booth across from Janie and leaned in conspiratorially.
Just then, Janie's chili arrived, finally.
"A bunch of us got together to discuss the OSHA inspection. They're still poking around today, you know."
Janie shoveled down chili and nodded.
"We could get shut down," Roxy said. 
Janie looked up sharply. Frankly, with all of her problems the night before, she'd forgotten all about the inspection. Oh, God. What if she lost her job?
"Why?" asked Janie. 
"Just a bunch of bureaucratic bullshit, as far as I'm concerned," Roxy bounced in her seat. But Janie knew why. The cavern was dangerous. Not in any way she could pinpoint. It just felt that way.
"Shit. What will we do?"
Roxy leaned in again, savoring her next tidbit. "They're saying Pete is the one who filed the complaint."
"That doesn't make any sense," said Janie. "He needs his job just as much as the rest of us."
Roxy shrugged. "That's what I heard. So are you going out with him?"
"Pete? Are you crazy?"
Roxy studied her face with a self-satisfied smile.
"What?" asked Janie.
"You didn't answer my question."
Janie rolled her eyes. "No!"
"I know you're into older guys. I think you'd be cute together."
Roxy watched Janie finish off her chili. 
"Don't you have to get back to work?" asked Janie.
"I'll wait for you."
Janie consulted the check and pulled exact change out of her purse.
"Do you know a cheap mechanic?" Janie asked Roxy.
"Around here?"
"Yeah. I crashed my car. I could only afford to tow it to Long Shot and the garage here is going to charge more than it's worth to fix it."
"I can have Charlie look at it. He's good with engines and stuff. Besides, he owes me. He never pays any rent and he thinks none of the mess in the bathroom is his."
"You'd do that for me?"
Roxy shrugged. "We're friends, right?"
Janie guessed they were.
The Taurus was towed over to Roxy's place, a run-down Victorian house she shared with two girls who worked at the casino. Charlie indicated that he'd take a look at it, but didn't give Janie any sort of timeline. He thought he could probably get it limping along.

That night, Janie waited by Pete's faded Explorer while he closed up the building. Some of her co-workers gave her curious looks as they pulled out of the parking lot, but no one stopped to talk to her.
Both Janie and Pete were silent on the way home. The inspection seemed to have sapped the energy out of everyone.
Dinner consisted of elk steaks from the deep freeze and beer. Root beer for Janie.
"This boy was a ten-pointer." Pete jabbed his fork at his plate. I got him from the porch, in my underpants, on Christmas morning. He was right out there by the propane tank. One shot. Pow!"
"Wow."
"That doesn't offend you, does it?"
"No. I just don't want to think about it."
"My daughter was soft-hearted, too. Mel would eat 'em, but she wanted to give 'em a funeral first." 
Lacey took a morsel from his fingers and gazed adoringly at him.
"Where is she now? Your daughter?"
Pete bent over his steak, gulped down the rest of his beer, stood and pulled Janie's plate right out from under her, mid-bite.
"Hey!" She grabbed for it.
He lowered it slowly back into place. "You're going to take all day, you can wash your own dishes."
"I was going to wash them all! Jesus! Just let me finish!"
"So you like it?"
"It's delicious. Sit down."
He lowered himself warily back into his chair, leaned across the kitchen and pulled another beer from the humming fridge.
Pete's daughter was soft-hearted. Was. Past tense. Oops. Janie searched for a new subject of conversation.
"People are saying you're the one who filed the OSHA complaint."
"Who's saying?"
Janie squirmed. "Roxy."
"She doesn't know anything. The complaint was anonymous."
While Janie did the dishes, Pete moved his television and DVD player from the top of his dresser and set it up on a grimy plastic picnic cooler in the living room. He lined up several beers on the floor by his feet and started working his way through them.
Janie and Pete slumped on opposite ends of the love seat with Lacey stretched out between them. Janie saw about ten minutes of a Clint Eastwood movie from Netflix before she dozed off. She jerked awake when her head lolled to the side, mumbled goodnight and stumbled into Pete's bedroom to sleep.
When Janie got up in the morning, Lacey was curled up with Pete in a cloud of beer farts.


Chapter 23
Mid-morning, Andrea appeared like a ghost in Janie's office. Janie felt a presence, then leapt to minimize her horoscope. Surely, Andrea saw it all, but she didn't show it. She simply announced, stiff-lipped, that Janie was expected to attend a company-wide meeting across the hall at three.
When the time came, Janie followed the hubbub into the parquet-floored ballroom and claimed a faded velvet sofa against the wall. About twenty people had gathered in the room. Some faces looked familiar, but surprisingly, many she'd never seen before.
At one end of the room was the elaborate mirrored oak bar with the lewd mural above it. The rest was mostly empty, dotted with people and tired furniture, framed by a dusty crystal chandelier and sagging velvet drapes.
Ron Essing stood by the bar and asked everyone to gather around. Janie could see his bald spot reflected in the mirror. People shuffled forward. Roxy waved Janie over to her group. Janie sighed and wove her way over.
"As most of you know," Ron Essing announced, "we had a surprise safety inspection two days ago by OSHA compliance officers." 
The group grew still.
He cleared his throat and looked around. "This was not a pleasant experience."
A few people chuckled.
"They took air and water samples, spoke to some of you and confiscated thirteen cartons of employee records, among other things. And we will be receiving a letter, at their leisure, notifying us of the results of their tests and the findings of their investigation. Until then, the future of Long Shot, Inc. is in the air. Your livelihoods, the very life of this town, is in jeopardy."
A murmur ran through the group. Ron Essing raised his voice. "And all of this could have been prevented." He paused. "This inspection was instigated by an anonymous complaint."
Janie saw heads swivel, craned her neck to follow the collective gaze. And there was Pete, alone, leaning against the wall at the top of the grand staircase.
"Rather than running around behind my back, any employee of this company who has an issue," (he gave the word a sarcastic emphasis) "should come directly to me." His eyes seemed to settle on Pete. Then he scanned the crowd and was about to continue when a voice rose above the mutter of the crowd.
"How long have I worked for you, Ron?" It was Pete.
Essing paused before answering. "Since you were a kid, doing odd jobs."
"So, about forty years?"
Ron's response was careful. "Something like that."
The men stared at each other through the crowd.
"And when you offered my daughter, Mel, a job out of high school, I was grateful. It kept her in Long Shot, where she belonged."
Ron nodded.
"And then she changed."
Pete's co-workers gazed at their feet. Roxy and her friends flitted glances at each other. Only Ron Essing looked directly at him.
"And when I needed that time off, after she disappeared, you told me to take all I needed, not to worry about it…"
Suddenly, it hit Janie: the girl she had replaced in the Trends department, the girl who had vanished, was Pete's daughter. It couldn't be a coincidence. But why had no one told her? And how had she never made the connection?
Pete was still talking: "…but you weren't willing to help me search the cave for her. And when I asked about her work, about how she'd changed, well, you don't want anyone asking questions, do you? I don't want to lose my job any more than anyone else here," Pete continued. 
Janie felt people fidgeting around her.
"Excellent," said Essing. "I'm sure you'll do your best to help--"
"Which is why," Pete broke in. He stood straight and raised a finger, "I didn't push too hard.
"And then, just a few weeks ago, you had the balls to tell me that mental illness runs in my family. You know what runs in the family?" He threw out an arm. "This place. This effing place! I don't know why I never saw it before."
Ron drew himself up.
Pete raised his voice. "Yeah, I called OSHA. I called effing OSHA."
Janie noted with alarm that Pete's face ran with tears. Everyone started talking at once.
A man next to Janie said, "Takes after his father."
Roxy turned on him. "He's nothing like Jeff."
Janie scanned the room. Pete’s father wasn't there.
Andrea clambered up onto the bar in her skirt and stood, feet by the antique brass taps, shouting, "Everybody, quiet!"
People yelled, jostled each other. Janie threaded her way over to Pete, dragged him down the stairs and out the door.
At the Explorer, Janie took the keys from Pete. The truck jerked backward when she rammed it into gear. On the road out of town she started to get a feel for the thing, picked up speed. She had to point her toe to reach the pedals.
Pete gazed out the passenger window. She couldn't tell if he was still crying.
Janie wished fervently that she had another place to stay.
What had made her drag Pete away? The knowledge that her ride home depended on him, certainly. But also a feeling that it was the right thing to do. Whether or not his claims were valid, whether or not he'd filed the complaint that could leave them both unemployed, someone had to save him from that room. And she was the only one.
And she owed him. She owed this grumpy, unpredictable old fart big-time. And, in a way, she kind of liked him. In a way, he was her hero. After all, she'd been down in that cavern. And there was something wrong about it. Something that followed everywhere she went, tendrils grasping at her ankles, catching in her throat, sludging up her mind, fumbling her hands.
"So you did file the complaint," she said, when they were about half way home.
"The police said she ran away. With all the mistakes I've made and her having a kind of a wild streak, I guess it's all clear to them. But that's bullshit, sorry. Mel had spirit. She never ran away from anything. If anything, she ran toward trouble. The question is, what kind of trouble did she run into?
"When things happen in Long Shot, people always have their excuses: Superfund site. Lead in the water from mining. Makes people crazy. Should've drunk Perrier. But there's more to it than that. People come here from all over the world. Normal people who drink bottled water. They get lost. They fall off cliffs. They disappear. I think they come here to die."
"I never heard about that."
"Well, you wouldn't. But what I want to know is why come here? Hell, it's effing easy enough to die at home!"
"So you think it's the cave?"
Pete grunted.
They'd arrived at Pete's place. Janie shut off the engine, fumbled on the parking brake when the Explorer started to roll backward. The trailer rattled with Lacey's barks.
"I'm sorry about your daughter," Janie said to Pete's back as he climbed out of the truck.
That night, Pete drained beer after beer, then passed out on the sofa. On Friday, they drove to work in silence. 
Janie wasn't sure whether it was her imagination, but her co-workers seemed to be avoiding her.
Mid-afternoon, the phone on Janie's desk rang. Janie jumped, then fumbled up the receiver.
"Where have you been?" the voice on the line demanded.
"Who is this?"
"It's your aunt Margaret. I've left seven messages for you."
"I'm sorry, Aunt Margaret. It's a long story, but I've been staying at...a friend's house and I don't get cell reception."
"What kind of excuse is that? I'm an old woman and you're all I have left. Didn't you even want to check in? What if I broke my hip and was lying here on the floor dying?"
Janie snorted. Aunt Margaret had plenty of life left in her. She was unstoppable. It was Janie whose life seemed to be draining away, disappointment by disappointment.
They discussed Janie's father's estate. Janie would inherit the house, of course. Insurance paperwork had been mailed. Janie promised she'd sign whatever was needed and drop it off at Aunt Margaret's over the weekend. Pete was driving into town to do errands. Surely he'd give Janie a lift.


Chapter 24
Friday night, Pete finished his supply of beer and polished off the whiskey as well. Janie awoke Saturday to the sound of retching in the pastel bathroom by her head.
She slipped out and took Lacey for a run along the canyon road, dodging off the asphalt when the occasional car roared up behind them. Janie felt almost giddy to have escaped the gloomy atmosphere and Lacey grinned up into her face and leapt playfully at her feet.
When they arrived back, Pete was sipping coffee and having a smoke, hair still damp from the shower. Broken blood vessels stained his eyelids but he put on a hearty show, and Janie decided to go along with the pretense that nothing was wrong.
They joked and chatted on the way down the canyon, as though they were headed off to Hawaii, and not the Laundromat, King Soopers, Liquor Emporium and Burger King drive-thru.
Halfway down the canyon they came into cell range. Janie turned on her phone and worked through her messages. Sure enough, there were several from Aunt Margaret, but there was one message that pushed everything else out of her head. It was a text from George. George, her old boss, her married boyfriend. George the pussy: "Been thinking about u. Miss u."
Janie could imagine that it meant everything that she could possibly hope. Did he love her? Was he leaving Leslie? Or was it the same old game, the one Janie had thought she was winning, but in truth she'd been benched from the start? She reread the message, then sat, still as a statue, oblivious to the view through the windshield as a storm of emotions tore through her heart.
Only when they pulled up in front of her house was she distracted from the storm. The grass was a foot high. She collected a few crumpled flyers out of the juniper bush, fished a week's worth of mail out of the mailbox.
The inside of the house smelled like spoiled milk. Dust swirled in the yellow light coming through the gap in the curtains. Poor, lonely house. "I'm trying to keep you," she told it silently.
Pete used the bathroom as she opened the manila envelopes from the insurance company and the lawyer. Eyes blurred with tears, she scrawled her name by the red arrows and stuffed the documents back in their envelopes.
Before locking up, she took the sour milk from the fridge and the trash from under the sink and tossed them into the can out back.
She trailed Pete through King Soopers and Liquor Emporium, picked at her Whopper.
Aunt Margaret wasn't home, so Janie propped the paperwork inside the screen door of her artfully scruffy bungalow in town. Centered on the overgrown grass, a fifteen-foot scrap-metal ostrich with golf balls for eyes gazed down at them comically. One of Aunt M's admirers was a scrap-metal artist.
To cheer Janie up, Pete said, "Her yard's worse than yours."
"But she does it on purpose," said Janie. All those bits of plastic bag and stuff tangled up in the fence, she wove them in on purpose. And she bought the pile of broken cinder blocks on Craigslist. I think she's trying to get back at her neighbor for something."
Pete looked over at the green, golf course smooth lawn next door, the regimented bushes and autumn mums, and laughed. "I like her spirit."
"Not everybody does."

On Sunday, Janie attacked the trailer with Ajax while Lacey and Pete fled into the woods. She opened the door off the living room and peered in at the stuffy second bedroom, the frills and stuffed animals. Then a faint click from somewhere made her start back guiltily and close the door.
When Pete came back, he took a look around, and his only comment was, "You're starting to get a little too comfortable here." He said it with a smile.


Chapter 25
Sometimes you just know something. It might not make sense. You might not remember anyone explaining it, but you know it the way children see the evil in the man with the candy, the way geese know to fly south, the way flowers turn to the sun.
In the same way Jeff knew a thing or two.
So it happened one day when Jeff had tired of his self-imposed isolation, and of mourning for his granddaughter Mel, and his guilt, his shame, over the role he had played in her death.
He had resolved never to enter the cave again, never to do another Oracle, yet he had nowhere else to go. He loitered in his usual spot on the portico of Long Shot, Inc. in his bathrobe, heckling the other employees, and something drew his attention to the parking lot. As he paused to watch, a woman stepped out of a shiny car and marched on the building.
It had been a few years since Jeff had last seen Margaret sneaking around, but he would recognize her anywhere. 
Their eyes locked. With his stare, he let her know that she didn't fool him. He had been watching her for forty years. He knew all about her private entrance, her secret visits.
She held his gaze, unintimidated. Dread washed over him.
It was all coming together. Everything repeating again.
"The Sparkler," he muttered to himself. "Shit."
When Jeff and Margaret had first met (if you could call it a meeting). When they first collided, more like, Jeff had seen what she was made of.
It had been 1971. He was down in the cavern, way back in the warren of rooms, minding his own business, sitting in the dark molding a figure from clay. It was the beginning, the Adam, you could say, of his clay figurines. Driven by euphoria, potential, everywhere. This was before he realized that potential doesn't help you at all unless you actually do something. You could dream your life away grooving on potential. Jeff mostly had, except for those interludes, those stolen days and months when he had torn himself away, lived like a living man, then been dragged back to the cave, as though by an undertow.
So he had been way down in the cavern, in the dark, minding his own business, when along comes the girl in tight bell-bottoms, bosom fairly bursting from her plaid shirt. The girl he had watched sleeping. She stumbles on his foot, her flashlight washes over him, lights up the room, and she says one word: "Oh."
Oh, what a sexy oh.
Then she said, "You left me flowers."
Jeff tried to think what she meant.
"At the top of the stairs. In a row," she added.
And then it clicked. "Luster does that...Did that."
He had never known why Luster did that sort of thing. It made her seem almost human. The organizing, the offering, the collecting: very human traits. He had felt like he almost knew her. He and Luster seemed to connect, even though she was a rodent. They had overcome interspecies barriers, you could say.
And when Jeff found the bear-shaped gold nugget tucked in Luster's midden, he'd strung it on a leather boot lace and fitted it around her neck, like a necklace, or a collar. He thought she'd like that. 
"Your friend killed her," said Jeff.
"The rat?"
"She was more than a rat."
"You're not real, are you?" the young Margaret had said, proud of herself for figuring it out.
Why deny it? Jeff often felt unreal. But it was uncomfortable for someone else to point that out.
"You're a Sparkler," he had said.
She took it as a compliment, although it wasn't meant that way.
"Maybe you can help me," she confided. "I'm looking for something that was left here for me. A Golden Bear."
"No," Jeff said at once.
"They say it's supposed to bring bad luck, which is nonsense. I believe that you make your own luck."
"Good for you," he said.
"I thought maybe you might be a helpful spirit."
"Fuck off."
She had laughed, a merry little tinkle. Sugar-bombed him. But he had seen through her.
Forty years later, Margaret was back again, on the steps of Long Shot, Inc., ignoring him. Did she remember? Did she recognize him? Had she even heard him speak? Her eyes gave nothing away.


Chapter 26
Ron Essing called Janie into his office. Janie walked in and found her aunt Margaret settled comfortably in the client chair, gypsy skirt trailing onto the floor.
The closeness of the room, the odor of sweat, didn't seem to bother Aunt Margaret.
Essing greeted Janie as though they did this all the time. "There she is! Come, sit down and join us, Janie!"
Janie kept her back to the wall, felt her way to the second client chair and sat.
Aunt Margaret's eyes roamed over Janie like searchlights. Janie crossed her legs, and when that seemed inadequate, crossed her arms as well.
"What are you doing here, Aunt Margaret?" Janie forced a smile to take the edge off the question.
"I haven't been completely honest with you, Darling. I forgot to tell you on the phone the other day. I've bought into the business. Ron has had some financial setbacks (nothing we can't overcome). I agreed to come onboard until my investment pays off."
"This business?"
Aunt Margaret's eyes twinkled as though she knew what Janie thought of it.
Janie's face tingled.
"We want you to be more involved," said Essing.
Aunt M silenced him with an almost-innocent stare. Apparently, she would do the talking.
"What can I do to make your situation easier, Janie? I hear that you're staying with Pete while your car is repaired, but I'm not sure that's appropriate. A young girl--"
"He's just being nice. It's not like he's--He sleeps on the couch."
Aunt M nodded noncommittally. "Can I put you up in the casino? Rent you a car?"
Even though she knew she'd regret it once she got back to that cramped trailer in the woods tonight and had to watch Pete drink himself into a stupor, something made Janie say no. A little itch in her right temple. Or maybe she was just stubborn.
"You've done enough for me already."
Aunt M. sighed. "When will your car be ready?"
"I think it's almost done." Actually, Janie had no idea. "Probably today."
"I hope so."
Janie clenched her jaw. "Is that why you called me in? To reprimand me for sleeping with the enemy?"
Essing leaned forward to speak and Aunt M gave him the almost-innocent stare again.
"No. We brought you in here today, Janie, because there is something you can do for us."
Ah, thought Janie. So the other shoe drops.
"Since you were hired, you've been working with the Trends data, but I'm not sure that anyone ever explained the importance of that."
Janie's cheeks burned, thinking of her slapdash data entry. Sometimes she accidentally skipped a couple of lines or her fingers got misaligned on the keyboard. When she discovered her mistakes, she didn't always go back to correct them.
"The data helps us to predict whether the cave's power is growing or fading on any given day, and more importantly, the likelihood of a major cave event."
Remembering Roxy's comment, Janie said, "You mean like a riot or people throwing garbage all over the place?"
Ron Essing glanced at Margaret and then cut in, "I would describe it more along the lines of a lightning storm."
"What Ron is trying to say is we can't be held responsible for the things people do during an event. When cave energy is high, it brings us closer to the undifferentiated dimension, where anything is possible " The searchlights were on again.
"But I don't--"
"It's a matter of analyzing the data," Ron cut in. "It's a big responsibility, and we need you to use discretion."
Janie thought of Roxy again, saying, "It's confidential."
"You mean don't tell Pete," Janie said.
"Or anyone, really," Ron added, ignoring Janie's sarcasm.
"I really don't think it's smart to trust me with something so important. I mean, I'm not sure I even do my job right as it is."
"You do fine," said Aunt M, and winked. The effect was kind of unsettling. "It's just about whether you're willing to help or not."
It was almost five by the time Janie completed her conference with Aunt M and Essing. She stopped briefly in her cubicle, collected her things and shut off her computer. As she passed Pete in the lobby, she said, "Meet you at the truck."
The Explorer was unlocked, so she climbed in and stared out at the street while she replayed the conversation with Aunt M and Essing, trying to make sense of it. Somehow, she had gotten sucked into the center of this thing: this weird, creepy world.
They couldn't control her mind, right? God, she hoped not. Janie wondered whether there was another job for her somewhere. She'd left a couple of messages for Mr. Wechter at Wechter Worldwide Branding. He hadn't returned her calls.
A familiar shape caught Janie's eye, and her heart leapt. Across the street, George loitered by the casino door. He seemed to be watching the Long Shot, Inc. building. Was he looking for her? How did he know she worked there? What excuse did he give to Leslie to drive up to Long Shot on a work day? Janie hesitated. Could she forgive him for the pain he'd caused her? The bubble of hope in her chest convinced her that it couldn't hurt just to say hello.
Funny, he didn't even seem to notice her as she approached and only at the last minute did he start backward, eyes wide.
She smiled kindly. "Hello, George."
He scowled. Hissed, "What are you doing?"
"Huh?"
"Did you follow us?"
"No!" She stepped back. This wasn't how it was supposed to go.
He drew her down the street toward a vacant shop front. "Right. You just happened to be in Long Shot."
That confused Janie. "Why are you here, then?"
"You cannot be here, okay?" He looked behind Janie. "Dammit!" He shoved Janie roughly into a doorway, stepped away.
"I'm sorry George," Janie heard Leslie's familiar voice. "There was a line for the restroom."
Janie shrank back farther into the doorway, rubbing her shoulder where she'd slammed into the brick, and averted her eye as George and Leslie kissed, enthusiastically, not fifteen feet away.

That night in Pete's trailer, Pete and Janie sat across from each other, eating chicken and baked beans. Lacey sprawled under the kitchen table, nose at Pete's feet, tail at Janie's. Pete drank Old Milwaukee out of a can.
Janie drew in a breath and said, "Ron Essing called me into his office."
"What do you think of his new partner?"
"She's...she's a lot of things. But she's also my aunt."
"The one with the anti-landscaping? What the eff do you want to stay with me for, then? Here I thought you didn't have any choice."
"I wouldn't want you to be lonely."
"Maybe I have a really busy social calendar and I had to cancel a shitload of effing dinner dates and cocktail parties so I could stay home with you."
"Maybe," she said, her face a diplomatic mask.
"Seriously, what's going on? Did they plant you in here to spy on me?"
"Yeah, I crashed my car on purpose just so I could get a look at your lair."
"So? You don't get along? What?"
"It's a long story."
"Then let me get another beer first." He leaned across the tiny kitchen and opened the fridge.
"Can I have one?" Janie asked.
"Nope."
It was worth a try.
He tossed her a root beer, a little too hard, and Janie just barely managed the catch. Pete took an Old Milwaukee for himself, then tipped back in his kitchen chair, watching her as he took a swallow.
She closed her eyes to avoid his gaze.
"My mom left because of her."
Pete scowled at his beer can. "What? Your aunt smacked her around, dragged her out of the house?"
"Well, no, but, you know, she...helped her, I guess."
"What'd he do?"
"Huh?"
"Your dad."
"Nothing."
"Nothing to make your mom leave or nothing to stop her?"
"I--uh--" Janie tried to think.
"Look, I don't know what happened, but it sure as hell had nothing to do with your aunt."
"You don't know anything about it."
"Maybe I do. Because I've been married and I've been the asshole, excuse my language, that gets left."
"You're not my dad!" Dad was nothing like Pete.
"You're right," he shrugged.
"So stop parenting me. I'm eighteen years old, you know."
He muttered something under his breath.
"What?"
"Nothing."
They finished their drinks in silence.
Janie collected the plates to do dishes. Pete dumped the empties in the garbage and took another beer for himself.
"What are you going to tell your aunt about me?" he asked.
Janie thought for a minute. "Maybe I'll make some stuff up."


Chapter 27
"Would you help me with something, Andrea?"
It was the end of the day and Margaret appeared in the doorway of Andrea's tidy office. Andrea's first instinct was to turn her away, but before Andrea could think of an excuse Margaret glided right in and closed the door.
"I haven't got a clue how to read this map."
She spread it out on Andrea's desk. Andrea reared back. This woman was seriously invading her space.
"You seem to run everything around here, so I decided you were the best person to ask."
Against her will, Andrea found herself drawn in. She rolled her chair over and leaned to have a look. Margaret's perfume touched her nostrils. It was surprisingly light and feminine.
The map was one that Andrea had never seen. It showed the whole cave system, including passages beyond the walled-off section, and marked features with fanciful names: the Sculpture Garden, the Rollercoaster, the Corkscrew, the Drool, the Crypt.
"Where did you get this?"
"A dear friend drew it, years ago."
Andrea pored over it, lost herself in the story it told, while Margaret watched patiently.
"So what do you want to know?" Andrea asked at last.
"You are so like your father," Margaret smiled.
"We're nothing alike."
"Oh, but you are. You have his...steadfastness. Calm intelligence. You're the kind of person one can depend on."
"He doesn't seem to think so," mumbled Andrea, and then caught herself. She picked up a pen and pointed at the map. "The entrance is here, but now there are double vault doors, of course, not just one. Kind of an air lock. This is a slot at the base of the wall that connects to the main tunnel system, which is off-limits. This one labeled the Crypt is below the level of the main tunnel. Bones have been found there." She paused and her pen traced the passages beyond. "This section leads toward a deep shaft called the Drool. It's walled off now. I suspected it linked up like that. But the passage is dangerous. Rock fall, that sort of thing. And the Drool is full of water."
"So the wall is still intact? "
"You've been in the cavern?"
"Of course. Didn't your father tell you?"
Andrea's lips compressed into a thin line.
"I guess he wouldn't. He might not want to talk about it."
Andrea twirled the pen between her fingers. "He's happily married you know."
"Yes! You're exactly like your father!" She sat on the corner of the desk and managed to look comfortable.
"Will you get off my desk?"
Margaret stood as though it were her own idea and paced over to the window to gaze out at grey sky and bleak hillsides. Tiny snowflakes melted on the sill.
"So that's the excuse he gave you? Rock fall?"
"What are you really here for?" Andrea asked.
"Why don't you ask him what's really behind the wall," said Margaret.
As Margaret strode out of the office, leaving Andrea stunned and suspicious, she smiled grimly to herself. Yes, she'd been in the cavern. As a matter of fact, there was only one person in the world who knew the cavern better than her, and he was insane.
She didn't like to dwell on the period of her life when she had become acquainted with the cave, but it had molded her into the person she was today and had set the course for the rest of her life.


Chapter 28
Fourth of July, 1971. Margaret had convinced her distracted parents that she was babysitting all weekend. They didn’t know she was dating a college boy. They certainly didn't know she was going camping with him and his friends.
She and Joe and Ron and Rich loaded up Joe's International with hot dogs, big jugs of Gallo wine and blankets, planning to drive up to Long Shot, to build a bonfire, to sleep under the stars. 
Margaret had been to Long Shot before then, of course, with her parents, when she was younger. Her father had pointed out the abandoned Long Shot Hotel, and had told stories of their ancestors, of greed and intrigue, of a cavern of wonders and a golden bear lost in the tunnels under the old hotel.
"Look!" Margaret exclaimed, as she rode through the remains of the town with Joe, Ron and Rich. "That's the Long Shot Hotel!"
It was a derelict stone building with broken windows. The door hung from its hinges. Nailed to the sagging door was a sign: "For Sale-- Price Reduced."
"Oh, it's for sale!" she exclaimed.
The boys whooped with laughter. Joe had to pull over so he wouldn't crash.
But Margaret knew: Long Shot, Colorado was a magical place. It was just a matter of looking at it the right way.
When Margaret asked Joe to go back so she could get a better look, Ron groaned and Rich said, "I'd rather get a camping spot before the good ones are gone."
They'd had a late start. He was right. 
Joe, the diplomat, said, "We can check it out some other time."
So they drove onto a rough spur road and parked by a fire ring filled with ash and burned trash, with the smell of pine and the chill of high altitude in the air. There was a little creek that trickled through the grass and a view of a high peak through a gap in the trees.
They built a huge bonfire, sat on logs in their bell-bottom jeans, passing around the Gallo wine jug and philosophizing. They speared hot dogs on sticks and blistered them in the fire.
A raindrop splashed onto Margaret's head, then another. They sizzled as they landed in the fire pit.
The friends laughed and covered their heads with a blanket. Drank more wine. The tiny creek swelled and a huge puddle crept toward them, threatening to drown the fire.
"I know," said Margaret. "Let's go back to Long Shot and wait out the storm in the old hotel." And it seemed like a fine idea to the rest of them.
Laughing, they tossed their gear into the truck. They sloshed down the road, which ran with water, to the hotel.
The young men dodged up the steps to the overhanging entryway but Margaret took a moment to gather handfuls of glowing red firecracker penstemon from the clump of weeds by the front steps, to spin in the rain, letting it soak her face and run into her mouth, to squint up at the surrounding peaks.
The boys teased and chided her. When she finally came inside, soaked and shivering, Joe threw a blanket over her shoulders and drew her into a warm hug.
The four of them strolled through the echoing lobby, crunching on glass and garbage.
From the lobby, Margaret and Joe wandered back into a kitchen with marble counters and sinks like bathtubs and pantries with thick wooden doors. High in the walls, small windows were darkened with grime. Through a door to the side, a debris-covered stairway led down to ground level.
At the back of the kitchen another stairway led to the basement. Joe hung back as Margaret peered into the darkness, wishing she had a flashlight.
"There's nothing down there," said Joe.
Margaret tore her gaze away from it. "No," she said. "Everything is down there. I'll bet that's where the cave is."
Joe was about to ask what she meant when they heard a commotion above. They sprinted back to the lobby shouting, "What's wrong? Ron? Rich?"
"Hey, check this out!" Ron shouted down from the second floor, and they trooped up the wide marble staircase to the ballroom, where the light was better, coming through the windows. There was upended furniture strewn around the room. Hanging from the ceiling was a cobwebbed crystal chandelier, and at the far end of the room, an ostentatious mirrored bar, barely touched by time. Above the bar a life-sized naked woman was painted onto the plaster.
The four of them stood speechless.
"This is the grooviest thing I have ever seen," said Ron.
But it was more than groovy. It was miraculous, overwhelming.
A tear slipped down Margaret's face and she wiped it away, embarrassed. She had been waiting all her life to come to this place. Yes, Great-grandpa Gundy's golden bear, was there, somewhere, waiting for her, but it was more than that. It was destiny.
"Can you feel it?" Margaret asked at last.
Ron and Rich looked away, but she knew they could feel it, too. Joe gazed into her eyes, and it seemed like in that moment they were two eagles, talons gripped together, falling from the sky.
"We have to buy it," said Margaret.
"With what?" said Joe.
It was true, Margaret had no money. "We could get a loan."
"And then what would we do with it? It would take years to fix up."
The camaraderie, the laughter died out. Each was sunk in his own private world.
They built a fire in the grand fireplace, finished the jug of wine, opened another. Margaret jammed the penstemon into the empty jug and placed it in front of the dusty mirror in the center of the bar.
Then she and Joe found a room upstairs with unbroken windows where they could sleep alone.
Margaret woke from a fitful sleep. Had she heard a noise? She tried to remember, but all she had were scraps of dream, and even they slipped away. She patted around on top of the blanket, grasped Joe's wool plaid jacket draped there and shrugged her naked shoulders into it. Joe snoozed on the floor beside her, a pause between each puff of breath. Rain splattered on the window. She could barely see the outlines of the broken furniture: the shredded mattress, the leaning chest of drawers.
Out in the hall, the floor creaked. Had one of the guys gotten up for a pee? She stood slowly, dizzy from the dregs of sleep, from too much wine, and tiptoed across the dirty floorboards to the bedroom door, stuck her finger in the hole where the doorknob should have been.
The hinges groaned as she leaned out.
First, there was the odor. Sweet, yet repellant. Like cookies and urine.
Then, there was the shadow which seemed to glide away from her down the dark hallway.
"Ron?" she whispered. "Rich?"
The shadow faded into the blackness. A shiver ran through her. She stepped back and jammed her feet into Joe's kletter boots, then clomped out to the hallway, loose laces trailing.
She felt, more than saw, the figure as it disappeared into the stairway, and she clattered after it, tripping on the shoelaces, feeling her way along the wall.
When she got the bottom of the flight and ran out into the ballroom, there were Rich and Ron, snoring softly, a manly distance between them in the huge room.
If it hadn't been Rich or Ron, who had it been? A ghost? A dream? And how could the boys sleep so peacefully, with the rain blowing through the broken windows, with the icy cold of a mountain midnight, and with her clomping around hissing their names?
She crept back up, snuggled into Joe's side for warmth and lay awake most of the rest of the night.
In the morning, the rain slowed to a drip and sunshine slowly marched on the valley. When Margaret heard Ron and Rich's laughter downstairs, she slipped out from under Joe's arm and dressed.
When she appeared in the ballroom, Rich offered her a Twinkie and Ron held out a fresh jug of wine. She accepted the Twinkie, downed it in three bites as she paced toward the bar. Something was different. As she got closer, she realized the penstemon in the jug had been decapitated. She paused and looked around, found the flower heads arranged in a tidy row at the top of the staircase down to the lobby.
"Have you guys been messing with my flowers?" A fleck of yellow cake flew out of her mouth. She wiped her chin with the heel of her hand.
Rich waved casually in the direction of the stairs. "I thought you did that."
"It wasn't me," said Ron.
What did it mean? Was it a gift from her ghost? A warning?
"I saw a damned big rat this morning," said Ron.
Lost in thought, Margaret didn't hear.
Joe appeared, yawning, and swallowed a Twinkie and a swig of wine, grimacing.
"There she is!" Ron reached into the carton in his hand, drew out a Twinkie and hurled it across the room.
Margaret saw a gray blur disappear behind the bar.
"She took my Twinkie!" Ron whined.
"Actually, you kind of gave it to her," said Joe.
They discussed what they would do that day.
"Let's go four-wheeling!" said Joe. "I bet there's all kinds of crazy mining roads around here." He was always looking for a reason to drive that truck.
"Or we could check out the cave under the hotel," said Margaret.
"Or we could do that!" said Joe. Margaret could see him trying to hide his disappointment. She liked him all the better for it.
"Why do you think there's a cave?" Rich asked.
Ron lunged forward. The rat had crept back into the center of the room.
"What are you doing?" Margaret cried.
The rat bolted back toward the bar, Ron galloping behind it.
Rich cheered him on. Joe doubled over laughing.
Ron stopped and looked around wildly, grabbed the wine jug with its headless wildflowers off the bar, cocked his arm. "I've got her cornered!"
Joe stopped laughing, but he still smiled. "Let her go, Ron."
Ron faked left, then hurled the jug.
Margaret screamed. Rich and Joe turned to see what was the matter.
Ron took two steps, crouched down behind the bar.
Bewildered, Joe searched Margaret's face.
"I got her." Ron's voice was muffled, unsure.
Margaret covered her face. Frankly, she didn't know why she'd screamed. It just had all felt like too much. Her heart had been full of something, and she had to release it.
Ron squatted down, and as he stood, he stuffed something into his jeans pocket.
"What's that?" Margaret asked.
"What?" Ron showed her his empty hand. "Nothing."
"Was there something around the rat's neck?" Joe asked.
"I thought so, too," said Ron, "but it must've just been the light."


Chapter 29
The Tuesday after Fourth of July weekend, Margaret called the number from the real estate sign and talked to a distracted man who didn't seem to remember the property at all. He called her back later that day with the price: $9000. Margaret had no idea whether it was fair, but she knew she would pay it, somehow.
Joe cradled her in his arms on the futon on the floor of his room in the apartment he shared with Ron and Rich. She played with the hair on his chest and told him the family legend of a long-ago ancestor who had been kidnaped, and of the wonders in the cave behind the Long Shot Hotel. He watched through his long eyelashes as she told him this impossible tale and hatched an even more impossible plot for the two of them to buy the building on credit, to find the treasure, to live happily ever after using their wealth to make the world a better place.
Joe was not particularly interested in wealth, or in owning a saggy old building. The one thing he wanted, more than anything in the world, was the exotic creature who lay in his arms, so perfectly soft, so unpredictable, so sexy.
For the past few years, he'd coasted through life, taking the easy way, trying not to think of the Vietnam war, of the future. Hoping to avoid the draft. He took courses in religion and philosophy, lived with Ron and Rich, served tables at an Italian restaurant. At this rate, it would take him eight years to graduate from college. And then what? Open a philosophy shop?
Then this marvelous creature had fallen into his life, bringing joy and laughter and now this crazy dream of a spiritual center in the mountains, where people come from all over the world to work toward enlightenment. Oh, it was so much richer, fuller than anything he could imagine on his own.
But to do it they needed money. And Ron, with the gently used old Mercedes and the prep school education and the mysteriously bulging wallet seemed a good place to start.

"That old hotel up in Long Shot sure is something, isn't it?" Joe said to Ron one night.
Ron grunted. He sprawled on their living room floor reading The Prophet for about the thousandth time. He should have had it memorized by now.
"Could you feel it?" Joe asked.
Ron stopped reading, but he took his time looking up from the book. "What do you want?" he said at last.
"Margaret and I want to buy it. Make it into a spiritual retreat. We need a partner."
Ron raised his eyebrows. "How much?"
"The price is $9000. Maybe we can bargain down to $8500. I don't know. I can sell my International." Selling his truck would be like selling his baby, but he would do it. "That would get us $1000."
"And Margaret?"
"She's with me."
Ron looked back to his book. Sighed. "She's not a partner if she doesn't invest."
"She's with me," Joe repeated, steel in his voice.
It didn't bother Ron so much that Margaret would be a partner. After all, Ron knew it was all her idea. What bothered Ron was that her membership in the group came through Joe.
Ron thought of the bear-shaped gold nugget hidden in the bottom of his dirty clothes basket, wondered again about the strange way it had been delivered to him. When he had killed the rat, had broken the thong around its neck and slipped the Golden Bear into his pocket, it had felt like the bear already belonged to him. The bear's shape, its heft had felt so familiar, as though his future self knew what was in store for him and was pulling him toward his destiny. In light of that, then, Joe's invitation felt inevitable.
"I'm not putting all my savings in," Ron said.
"But you'll do it?"
Ron scratched at his scrawny beard. "I think we should ask Rich, too."
Instead of starting her freshman year at CU, Margaret shocked her parents by moving to Long Shot with Joe. Ron and Rich followed when they lost their lease. They camped in the bedrooms of the old hotel, burned wood in the fireplaces and trusted that the chimneys would draw.
It took weeks just to clean it, and then there was the stuff like replacing windows and patching walls, before the enormity of the project sank in.
But by this time they were in too deep. And it wasn't just that. They were all in love with the Long Shot Hotel, with the dream, with the sense of possibilities. In love with the future.
Going into debt, working their asses off, drifting away from family and friends, it was the best time of all of their lives. They were their own tribe, and they thought that nothing could ever come between them.
The Gundy family treasure was Margaret and Joe's secret, but all of them felt drawn to the cavern behind the vault door. Margaret brought in a locksmith they couldn't afford. It took him two days to get the vault door open because the workings were rusted, and because he kept getting distracted. Margaret hovered over him, brought him coffee, gave him pep talks. The more he slowed, the more animated she became.
She wrote the locksmith a check that would probably bounce, pushed him out to his pickup. As he crawled onto the bench seat and curled up for a nap, Margaret ran down to the basement and burst through the vault door, convinced that she would find a room of wonders, a heap of treasure, or at least a golden bear. The cave was empty. Then she saw the slot at the base of the wall and she knew, she just knew, that something wonderful waited for her there. She was right, in a way. Once she squirmed through, she found the rest of the cave system waiting for her.
Each day, they worked on the renovation, although they seemed to accomplish less and less over time. Either the problems were insurmountable (tainted well water) or too distasteful (sewage in the walls).
At night they wriggled through the slot at the base of the cave wall to explore what lay beyond it: a maze of tunnels and shafts, hidden passages, pools of black water that formed then disappeared. Every time they went into the depths of the mountain, they discovered something new.


Chapter 30
Margaret's concerned parents sent her older brother, Warren, to Long Shot to have a look around and size up Margaret's "friends". Warren paced around, hands in his pockets, serious and stiff, a wrinkle between his eyebrows. Ron could tell he was appalled.
Ron pointed out the original oak and walnut woodwork, the dusty chandelier, the cracked marble counters in the kitchen. "Once we get it fixed up, it'll be magnificent."
At the time, it was in transition. In other words, it was a worse mess than when they bought it. They had just cut into a wall upstairs to repair a pipe and discovered the wall was full of sewage. There was plaster and petrified shit everywhere: down the hall, the stairs, and all the way out to the road where they'd been dumping it in the ditch.
Plus, they hadn't been bathing much. That would change once they got the plumbing up and running but they may have smelled like a bunch of dirty hippies.
Out of ear shot of the others, Warren turned to Ron and said, "Do you really believe you're going to find The Family Treasure?"
"Pardon me?"
"That's what it's all about, isn't it? The treasure, the Chamber of Wonders. Great-grandpa Gundy's creative excuse for abandoning his family: kidnaped by the infamous Madam Charlotte! Seriously, that's the best he could come up with?"
"I'm not sure--"
"I mean, I grew up hearing the same stories as Margaret, and I never read into them anything like I should buy an abandoned hotel and search for a gold bear."
Ron's mouth dropped open. He clamped it shut.
"She was obsessed with it when she was a kid. I didn't realize she was still--And you seem like a reasonable kind of man. I don't understand how you got sucked in."
Ron thought of the golden bear that he kept hidden, his own private secret. He'd thought of it as a sign, a key to his future. He had always admired Margaret-- Admire! What a tame word! He ached for her. And now he knew the way to her heart.
He imagined taking her to dinner somewhere classy, maybe that Italian place where Joe used to work.
"What's this all about?" she would ask, as the host pushed in her chair.
Ron would draw the Golden Bear from his breast pocket, place it into her cupped hands. She would gasp with pleasure.
"You knew all along," she would say.
And Ron's reply would be clever and detached, yet romantic. Something like--
"I didn't mean to offend you," said Warren, misreading Ron's silence.
Ron snapped out of his fantasy. "No, not at all. I'm interested in hearing what you have to say."
"It's just that it doesn't make any sense."
"Yes, yes, I know," said Ron. Boy, did he know. Destiny was a mysterious thing. It didn't make sense in any rational way, but to his heart it made all the sense in the world.
Warren sized him up. "I'm worried about her," he said. "My parents are going crazy. Did you realize she gave up a scholarship at CU to--" he swept his arm around the room. "play out this fantasy?"
"I'll watch out for her. You have my word."
Warren nodded doubtfully. "I hope so."
That night, Ron upended his dirty clothes basket. Pawed through the torn Levi's, the crumpled flannel shirts, the tube socks, stiff with grime. Increasingly panicked, he ran his hand around the inside of the woven basket, threw clothes and books and bedcovers aside. Stood, fighting tears, in the middle of his room. The Golden Bear was gone! Too late, he'd realized its significance, and he couldn't even remember when he'd last seen it.


Chapter 31
Winter came and went, then spring. The crash of thunder signaled the arrival of summer. Every afternoon, there was a big production, pouring rain, lightening. And then the sun stepped out from behind a cloud as though it had been waiting in the wings.
In September, at the end of their second summer in Long Shot, the aspen leaves put on a last, brave show, their yellow so bright it hurt Margaret's heart. They rattled in the wind, then fell to the sodden ground. The air was heavy with mold.
Down in the caverns below the hotel, the temperature never changed. Hours and days melted away as the friends scrambled and cavorted, high on the wonder of it all, through hidden passages. Often, they got lost or circled around to the same spot without realizing it. "Haven't we been here before?" was their inside joke.
Once, Ron stepped into what he thought was a puddle and sank up to his neck. The others mimicked his shocked expression, mocked him as he scrambled, quaking, to dry ground on the opposite side. The worst part was, the pool filled the passage wall-to-wall and he had to splash back in and thrash back across to his friends as Joe laughed and pretended to film "The Crossing", asking "interview questions" and thrusting an imaginary microphone toward Ron. After that, Ron never went anywhere first, except back to the safety of the dilapidated old hotel.
The friends found the corkscrewing crevice that led from the ceiling of one chamber to the cavern's upper entrance. Once there, they peered down into the deep shaft that filled with water when it rained. They found human figures sculpted from clay. They found a human skull in the second chamber from the vault door, and from then on they referred to that chamber as the Crypt.
They had names for the other places, too: Calamity Corner, the Corkscrew, the Drool, the Sculpture Garden.
They found bones and broken tools and glimpses of heaven.
They lost hours, days, inhibitions. 
Ron hovered near the cave entrance, never comfortable with the place, worrying over the others like a mother hen. Margaret laughed at him. What was wrong with being joyful, with staying up all night, Margaret asked? It wasn't right, he said.
After some of those wildest nights, Ron brought her soup in bed, as though she were an invalid.
Thanks to Margaret's brother, Ron knew that she was looking for the Golden Bear. He wondered sometimes whether he should tell her it was gone.

As winter blew into the valley, something like a holiday spirit overcame the four young people. The future was a gift to be unwrapped there.
On Christmas day, they were down in the cave again, and it felt extra special this time. Like Christmas morning when you're five years old, and you just know that Santa brought you the pony. That it will be tied up by the fireplace, munching on Santa's leftover cookies and pooping on the carpet.
"Ah!" came Rich's muffled cry. He had squirmed into a side passage.
Joe poked his head in. "What?"
When Rich didn't reply, Joe leaned back out into the main tunnel, grabbed Margaret around the waist and nipped her earlobe. She sagged into his arms.
"He found his dick," Joe whispered in her ear.
She leaned into him, laughing, although she couldn't have explained exactly what was so funny.
"Get a room," said Ron, from behind them. They ignored him. He was always saying things like that. He was just jealous.
Margaret's kerosene lantern kept flaring. Margaret squatted to fiddle with it.
Ron nudged her aside and shouted into the crevice, "What are you doing, Rich?"
"He's probably stuck," said Margaret. "and too embarrassed to say so."
"I don't even know how he got in there," said Joe.
Joe and Margaret had explored that passage together. It was tight, even for Joe, and Joe was considerably smaller than the other men. Small enough to control, Margaret thought, secretly.
"I'll go get him out," said Joe.
Margaret laughed out loud. She could hear the pride in his voice. Boys loved to play hero.
Margaret could tell Ron had reached his limit. He took deep breaths and let them out with a whoosh. Soon, he'd bolt back to the old hotel and when they returned, they'd find him pacing and fretting, chain smoking and nursing a fifth of Wild Turkey.
She laughed at Ron's receding back in the light from her lamp. Boys were so funny! Margaret knew in her bones that there was nothing to fear.
She breathed deeply of the sweet air that exuded from the crevice. Her head swirled deliciously. Her lamp flared once again, this time making a mini-explosion. Poof! She gazed at the broken wick, at the flame fighting its way out. Why would it do that? Then she realized that the lamp was trying to tell her something important. 
It told her that Joe and Rich had found her Chamber of Wonders and her Golden Bear, the treasure that had waited for her for a hundred years.
Euphoric, she pursued Joe and Rich, leaving the lamp behind. Shuffling and squeezing around a bend, she stumbled into a wonderland of wedding cake and whipped cream, lace and chiffon.
Joe jabbered at her in a language she could not understand, but she could feel his excitement. Rich spoke as well, in that same foreign language, and the beam of his flashlight made rainbows in her eyes.
Margaret swam through time to search for her treasure. She could see nothing and everything. She was tiny as a mosquito, big as the whole world. Sparkling and spinning, it was glorious. It was beyond glorious. It was everything.

Up in the ballroom of the old Long Shot Hotel, Ron sucked his last menthol down to the filter, glanced at the whiskey bottle, then reluctantly turned away.
The sun had slipped away hours before. Now wind rattled the windows. Occasionally, one of the tattered red velvet curtains fluttered.
Damn them. He hated when they did this. Once, again, he had to be the responsible one, to haul them, raving incoherently, out of the cavern, babysit the rest of the night. Usually, Joe and Rich came back on their own, eventually. Margaret was the worst, trying to jump out of windows, unzipping Ron's fly. Torturing him.
As he stepped through the vault door into the cavern, he felt the difference right away. The energy of the cavern was stronger. He scrubbed at his scalp. A tremor ran through his body. Something stalked him in the shadows. Well, he knew that wasn't true, but it felt that way. He wanted to flee like never before. Ron stooped to pick up the rusted head of a rock pick, its handle lost a century before.
In his hand it was cold and heavy, and it comforted him a little. He sighed and forced himself forward, focusing on his breath.
At the side passage, more like a wide crack in the wall, where Ron had last seen his friends, Ron paused. Margaret's lantern sat on the ground, empty and cold. Ron preferred to use a head lamp, or sometimes a flashlight, but he spent more money on batteries than on food.
Ron knew only what he'd been told of this crevice for two reasons: first, it scared him, for reasons he couldn't explain. Second, he was six foot two, two hundred pounds, and felt claustrophobic enough in the main tunnel.
Ron leaned into the crack, held his breath and listened.
What he heard was muffled, but he was almost certain that it was Margaret, sobbing.
"Margaret? Are you okay?"
The echo of his own voice in the tunnel behind him had him spinning around, the rusty pick raised to strike. Of course, nothing was there.
He called again, but the sobbing noise continued.
God, he didn't want to do this. He wedged himself into the crevice, called again. No answer. And now he was stuck. By his crotch, no less. He squirmed, fought and grunted until the crevice spat him back into the tunnel, then he leaned in with the pick and took out his rage on the protrusion. It fractured and clattered onto his foot.
It wasn't the pain that propelled him forward or the desire to rescue his friends, but months of accumulated frustration. Who knew that frustration builds underground? Like plants smothered by mud, with time and pressure, turn to coal, which burns so hot.
And he found himself hammering his way forward like a piston. Blood greased his motion. He hardly knew what he did.
The sound, when he reached it, was not sobbing. It was laughter.
In a room like a palace, Margaret stooped, hands on her knees, giggling hysterically. At her feet, Joe and Rich wrestled among pillars of white stone. 
Joe pinned Rich for a moment, gnawing at Rich's wrist with his teeth. Rich's clenched fist sprang open, and out rolled the Golden Bear. Margaret and Joe both dove for it. Rich grabbed Joe and dragged him back, sat on him to pin him, snatched up the Golden Bear and kneed Joe in the groin.
Margaret darted forward with a dagger of stone and brought it down on Rich. A red gash blossomed on his head.
As Ron watched, rage and confusion flooded his chest. How had Ron's Golden Bear gotten there? Had Rich--his best friend--stolen it: stolen Ron's future, Ron's destiny, the way to Margaret's heart? 
He elbowed past Margaret, flung himself at Rich and wrenched the Bear from him. He kicked and spit and bit and hit Rich with the rusty pick that he still gripped in his bloody hand.
When Rich stopped struggling, Ron gave him one last vicious kick.
He took Margaret by her beautiful hair and dragged her behind him out to the main passage. No matter how roughly he handled her, no matter how her head smacked the stone ceiling, no matter how the jagged rock tore at her flesh, she seemed not to even see him. She only wanted Joe. She wailed Joe's name and strained backward. Ron dumped her on the wooden boards outside the vault door and locked her out of the cave.
Then, while his fire still burned hot, he returned for Joe, whose eyes were black, who seemed light as air, pliant as a reed. And he never did regain his substance. 
Rich was all wrong when Ron reached him. Misshapen, slick as a newborn. His head was a broken jug.
Ron left him in the tunnel, next to the empty kerosene lamp. Left him, barely breathing, in the dirt. Left him for dead. Come morning, Ron would realize what he had done, but not yet.
Ron's fire was spent. His hand throbbed. He wanted to curl up and sleep, the floor looked so comfortable. But he forced himself to stagger out of the cavern, heave the vault door shut, pocket the key, and crawl past Margaret and Joe up the stairs to his whiskey bottle. He stashed the Golden Bear under his pillow. Nothing would ever be the same.
The following afternoon, Ron awoke when his mattress sagged to the side. Margaret sat next to him. Her face, normally so alive, was blank as the moon.
"What happened to Rich?" she asked.
He could not say the words. As he lay there, paralyzed, he studied a swollen cut on Margaret's cheek bone, noticed the way she refused to meet his eye.
She knew. Then he realized she was asking another kind of question.
"I, uh--"
Ron twisted onto his side and vomited over the edge of the bed, splattering her bare feet. She watched impassively.
When he was done, he wiped his mouth on the blanket.
"--left his--him, in the tunnel."
Her head sank so that he could see the knob at the back of her neck.
"He didn't understand. He didn't know what he was doing."
"Who? Rich?"
She seemed to nod. "None of us did."
Then Ron heard the shouting.
They found Joe crying and pounding on the vault door. He must go back, he said.
Margaret shooed Ron away. She soothed Joe with lullabies, Twinkies and sips of bourbon, then they barricaded him in a kitchen pantry, with its foot-thick wooden door.
Together, Ron and Margaret dragged Rich's body from the cavern and laid him out in the ballroom. They never discussed why, they just knew that it must be done.
As Ron drove his old Mercedes to the nearest phone, he kept glancing at his blood-caked knuckles on the steering wheel. Yes, they said. This is real. This has happened. 
The sheriff met Ron outside the Long Shot Hotel and followed Ron inside. He glanced at the body, scolded Ron and Margaret for removing it from the scene of the accident. He seemed anxious to leave. Maybe it was the muffled banging, Joe flinging himself around in the locked pantry downstairs.
"Step on outside with me, kids" he said. "We've got to wait for the ambulance."
Kids. If they had been kids yesterday, they weren't any more.
He asked a few questions, dutifully recorded the answers. Their story was plausible enough: rock fall in an abandoned mine.
The coroner arrived, glanced uneasily at the Long Shot Hotel. He didn't look like a doctor to Ron. He wore stained coveralls and smelled like a barroom floor. The coroner and the sheriff conversed privately. An hour later, medics loaded up the body and took it away. It was all too easy, maybe because of the holidays. Maybe everybody just wanted to go home.
And then, compounding the futility of it all, the Golden Bear vanished again almost immediately. The night before, Ron had pulled it quickly, guiltily from his pocket and thrust it under his pillow. When Ron returned after the paramedics took Rich's body away, his room was a shambles and the bear was gone.
Who could have taken it but Margaret?
He watched her watching him.
He searched the room she had shared with Joe while she bathed at the kitchen sink. Nothing.

After Rich's funeral, Joe's parents took Joe home with them, just for a rest. When Margaret visited, Joe looked straight through her and his eyes followed something only he could see. He shouted that he had to go back to the cave. He sobbed. His mother sent Margaret away. A week became a month.
Ron and Margaret haunted the hotel, trapped in their routine, unable to decide about the future. She asked no questions. He gave no answers. They pretended it had been an accident.
Lying awake on the futon that she and Joe had shared, Margaret tried to sort out what really happened from what could have happened.
Had she seen the Golden Bear? Had she touched it? Many images came to mind, but they were things she had imagined, and not true memories, perhaps. One image she could not erase from her mind was of her, Margaret, raising a dagger of white rock over Rich's head. Was it true? And if so, why had she done it? To protect Joe? Or had it been more selfish than that?
Even with this doubt (this guilt), her craving for the treasure (yes, craving) consumed her.
Ron locked up the cavern and hid the key. He knew that Margaret had searched his bedroom for it. And when she fished in his pockets oh-so-flirtatiously, he knew, sadly, what she was really looking for.
After a month, she asked him outright for the key. She said she wanted to return to the cavern, to see the place where it had happened. Then maybe it would be clear. Ron was drilling holes in the floor joists and pulling a wire through, or trying to. He gave the wire a last vicious yank, then straddled the top of his stepladder, glowering at Margaret.
"What good could that possibly do?" he barked.
Margaret blinked. He had never lost his temper with her before.
"You know, I'm sick of your giggling and flirting and your obsession with the goddamned cave. Why not do something useful? Hand me a tool once in a while, or--I know! Cook a meal, for God's sake!"
Margaret's breath caught in her throat. She clenched her fists and looked away until the threat of tears diminished. She had been right not to tell him about her treasure. He didn't deserve to know.
"I thought we were friends," she whispered. "I thought that you might...like me."
Ron froze. Oh, it was what he wanted. But was she playing him again? What happened when Joe got better? Could he take a chance? Wouldn't it be worth it if it were true?
Ron swung his leg around and backed down the ladder.
Stooping, he peered into her face. She was so close that he could gather her into his arms, but Ron wasn't one for romantic gestures. What if she pushed him away? He reached out a hand, let it drop. She stood rigid, glaring at him.
Then he turned on his heel and left. A minute later, he returned, took Margaret's hand and dropped the skeleton key into her palm.
It was a promise, a contract. Did she understand that?
"Thanks," was all she said.

He waited up for her. It was hard to tell what bothered him more. Was it the fear that something might happen to her in the cave? Or was it the fear that she had played him once again, that now she had the key, she'd have no more use for him?
The old hotel groaned above him, a giant settling down for the night. This night was different, though. For one thing, he was sober. He had his cigarettes, and he held the pack like a life ring.
Joe and Rich were gone. It was easier to imagine Margaret in the cave with them, as though their presence might buffer her from its energy, might even save her from herself. Sure, he had been jealous of the three of them down there together, but Ron was her rescuer, the knight in shining armor who came to get her when it all fell apart, even if half the time she didn't know it, she was so spaced out.
Now Rich was gone forever, and Joe might never be the same. Joe's parents and Margaret talked optimistically about his recovery. They thought that his mind had wandered off somewhere, lost, like a puppy. Ron suspected that it had run away and didn't want to return.
Ron gave her until three a.m. He forced himself to wait in the dim basement hallway until the second hand on his watch swooped all the way around the dial.
Then he adjusted his head lamp and stepped into the cavern.
The cavern seemed to grasp at him, even from the hallway. He moved swiftly, hoping to stay ahead of his fears.
The narrow crevice was every bit as tight as on Christmas, but his body remembered how to negotiate it, where to duck, where to lean. Margaret was curled up in an alcove about where he expected, feverish and distraught.
"It's not here," she moaned. "How could it not be here?"
Ron hauled her out. Again. She cried. Whatever her problem was, it could wait.
All night and through the next day, he hovered over her futon while she slept. In her dreams, she whimpered and mumbled. Finally, mid-afternoon, she opened her eyes and with a mischievous smile, said, "Where's my soup?"
Like a spoiled child.
Ron smiled and went to warm some soup for her. But as he watched her slurp her chicken noodle, sitting up in bed, he realized something: she kept him around to wait on her. He waited and waited, but the thing he waited for, it would never come.
"Do you see me at all?" he blurted.
"Excuse me?"
"Nothing. Never mind." Ron squeezed his eyes shut. If he pretended he hadn't said it, maybe she wouldn't answer.
She set her empty bowl on the floor and looked him over, as though for the first time.
"The Chamber of Wonders, the chamber where...the accident happened," she said.
Did he even want to hear this, he wondered?
"How could it just disappear? How could it be there just that one time?"
"You think it disappeared?"
"Come on, Ron. You were there."
He racked his brain, trying to remember. Maybe it had been different the second time. He hadn't paid attention. He had been concentrating on not freaking out. And as he looked back, it was hazy, like a story from long ago. There had been the tunnel, and his rage, and then the most unlikely looking place. A palace of white pillars. Marble sculptures rising from the floor. But that was impossible.
"You probably took a wrong turn. I'm sure it's still there."
"No!"
Ron flushed.
"Joe and I explored that whole passage, lots of times. The chamber was not there. And then it was. And now it's gone!"
"So...that's good, then, right? We can forget what happened and move on."
"We have to go back." Her eyes glistened.
"I don't think that's a good idea."
"We have to."
"Funny how there's only a 'we' when it suits you."
"How can you say that?"
"This is my property now. Joe is gone, and it's time for you to leave."
The color drained from her face. Neither of them moved. Ron couldn't believe he'd actually said it, but when he thought about it, he realized it was the only way. The real question was, would she go?
It was easier than he could ever have imagined. She rose silently, gathered her clothes, her stained teapot, her half-dead hanging fern, left the vault key on the window sill. He helped her carry down the futon and tie it to the roof of the Mercedes. On the way to Boulder, to her parents' house, she seemed lost in thought.
He told himself it was good that she was gone. But even so, without her, the old hotel felt so much colder. That night, he drank half a fifth of Wild Turkey, sitting on the floor in Margaret and Joe's empty room, and he ruminated about the impossible Chamber of Wonders, about how everything had fallen apart on Christmas. In the silent pause just before daylight, he came to the conclusion that the palace of white where Ron had beaten Rich and left him for dead was not a place. What he'd found there had nothing to do with a room of pillars or his friends or the Golden Bear. What he'd found there was the worst part of himself, the worst of all of them.
And that part that must be renounced.
He drove to Boulder and bought concrete at the hardware store, collected a pile of large stones, and in one exhausting, hallucinating forty-eight-hour push, he built a wall, a thick rock wall, sealing off the passage to Margaret's Chamber of Wonders. Then he slept for two days.
Winter dragged on.
Ron's brain fogged. He lost track of tools, and even how far he'd progressed on a project. Food seemed to vanish from the kitchen. Furniture tripped him when he didn't pay attention. He heard strange noises like voices, like footsteps.
He poured the last of his Wild Turkey into a snowdrift under the window, but nothing really changed. In fact, sober, things were freakier. He moved all of his possessions into the tiny room behind the bar, arranged his food on the windowsill and in a Styrofoam cooler. 
A spring storm snowed him in. He hunkered by the fireplace, burning broken furniture, rotten floorboards, sawdust and debris from the renovation. The Mercedes huddled under a drift of snow. Only the aerial peeked out.
On a night with a full moon, Ron jerked awake with a snort. His room smelled both sweet and foul, and the orange glow of the smoldering fire backlit a figure beside the bed. Ron squeezed his eyes shut. When he opened them, the figure remained. Moonlight gleamed off the cooler lid. 
A full minute passed, then two. Ron's heart hammered away.
At last, the shadow shifted. "Sorry to wake you," it croaked.
Ron let out his breath. "That's okay," he said, as long as they were being polite.
"It's just that I was hungry."
"Who are you?"
"I'll leave you alone. You never have to see me again."
Ron sat up and fumbled for the flashlight on the floor. In its sudden glare, he blinked, blinded.
The figure threw up its arms and stumbled toward the door.
"Wait!"
It slipped away.
Ron heard footsteps on the stairs and the slam of a door. Upstairs.
He closed his own door, pushed the dresser up against it, perched on the bed with his blanket draped over his rigid shoulders and stared at the flashlight beam, smoking cigarettes until daylight, when he could almost think it had been a dream. Well, almost.
Although it couldn't penetrate to the bottom of the canyon, the sun appeared high above. Rivulets of water ran down the hillsides. The snow turned to slush. The Mercedes came out of hiding.
Crunch, crunch, crunch. A teenaged boy postholed up the middle of the snowy road, all angles and acne. Ron was startled, then curious.
From the front portico, Ron waved. The young man studied the scene warily, then veered toward him, sinking knee-deep on each step. He stopped short of the sandstone steps.
"Are you Jeff Davis?" the boy asked.
Ron shook his head. "Aren't you cold?"
The boy looked down at his soaked jeans and sneakers.
"Come on in," said Ron, grateful for the company. An ally, perhaps, against that shadowy apparition in the night. "I've got a fire."
"I'm looking for my dad. He's supposed to live here."
"Nooo," said Ron. "Just me. And a ghost."
The young man drew back at Ron's honking laugh. Ron realized he’d been spending too much time alone.
"Actually, I don't know what he is. I just discovered him last night." That didn't sound as reasonable as Ron had expected.
The boy looked left and right. "That's cool, then. Maybe I'll just look around a little."
He trudged fifty yards up the road, then something made him turn and gaze at the upper levels of the old Long Shot Hotel. He stood frozen for several seconds, then Ron heard the scrape of a window opening. A voice croaked, "Petey?"
"Dad?"
Ron fumbled the cigarettes out of his breast pocket and lit one like his life depended on it.
The boy retraced his own tracks back to the building, stood waiting at the bottom of the steps, then he grinned, a big, boyish, lopsided grin. "Dad?"
Ron shrank back, bumped into something and there behind him was--him. Not Ron, no, but he was wearing Ron's missing clothes. His long hair was damp and slicked back and he smelled of Ron's shampoo. Smile like a rictus in his translucent face, he stood there like nothing weird was going on, like he belonged there. Like he owned the place and Ron was the ghost.
"You're a whole person now," said this well-groomed apparition. 
The boy nodded, a little sheepish, a little confused. "They call me Pete now. I'm thirteen."
"I remember. Today, right?"
"Tuesday."
"How's your mom?"
"She's--Dad, can I live with you? She's driving me effing crazy."
Ron turned, astonished, to see what the apparition would say.
"What does your mom think?" he asked at last.
"She--well, she can get kind of worked up. She said, ah, it was the stupidest idea she'd ever heard."
"Yes!" Ron shouted. "He doesn't even live here! He doesn't even exist! And he's wearing my clothes!"
"Ron, take a deep breath. You're confused again."
"I am not--"
"Pete, why don't we go upstairs and talk in private." He led the boy up to Ron's room behind the bar and shut the door in Ron's face.
Ron had no way of guessing that forty years later, his life would still be tangled up with Jeff and Pete.


Chapter 32
Instead of banging on the door and demanding that they get out of his room (it could easily have gone that way), Ron rummaged in Rich's old tool box for a heavy carpenter's hammer and a long screwdriver. Up the narrow staircase he crept. His footsteps creaked in the third floor hallway. Some day he'd get the damned lights working. He felt his way down to the doorway at the end, a stout oak door that had remained locked all this time. A linen closet, he'd thought. Nothing important. But now he realized he'd been wrong. Linen closets didn't have doors like that.
Months before, Ron had tried his hand with one of Margaret's bobby pins, had peered through the keyhole at darkness, had put his cheek to the floor and strained to see under the door. This time, he wedged the screwdriver between the door and the frame and hammered until the casing splintered. Pried it away. He glanced behind him, expecting any moment for the apparition-man to appear there. If so, he'd put the hammer through his head.
Ron hammered some more, knocked off the doorknob for good measure, jabbed the screwdriver into the lock, flung his body against the door. It swung open, taking Ron with it, and spilled him onto the floor.
It smelled of scalp and urine and the stifling sweetness of the cave.
Then, he sensed movement in the darkness. He scrambled to his feet, hammer raised, slipped out the open door, tried to fling it shut behind him. It bounced open again. Something the size of a cat scuttled out. Why was this happening? Why had his life become a nightmare?
"Back off! Scat!" his voice rose by an octave.
"Get away from them!"
Ron's teeth clacked together as a body slammed into him, knocked him to the floor, tore the hammer from his grip.
Squeak, squeak, squeak.
He wished he could see.
"Dad, what's going on?"
"Pete, go away!"
Ron heard a clatter. A shaft of light laid itself down the hallway.
The shadowy man knelt on top of Ron, hammer raised, haloed in dust.
Two musty pack rats, whose eyes and teeth glinted in the half-light, sniffed at Ron's cheeks. Their whiskers tickled.
By the window, velvet curtain heaped in his arms, Pete said, "Dad?"
"He wants to kill Luster's babies!"
"Dad."
"Please, please let me up," Ron babbled between shallow breaths. "They're going to eat me." 
The man was heavy on his chest.
"You touch them, I'll hammer your eyes into your skull!"
"I won't hurt them. I didn't know. I'm sorry."
The other man shifted. Ron winced and drew in a half-breath. Then the weight left his chest. 
The other man was cooing, "Come to Daddy, Darlings. Good girls." He cradled one in each arm and backed toward the darkened doorway.
"Get out of here. Both of you."
Ron scrambled up, fled toward the stairs and shooed Pete down to the main entrance, where they both hovered, uncertain.
The light had bled out of the day and the wind kicked up. The building creaked and groaned.
Pete shifted from foot to foot. "I guess I should--"
He turned the knob and the door blew open. Ron leapt to shove it closed.
"Where are you headed?"
The boy lifted a bony shoulder.
"Do you have a ride?"
The boy snorted.
"If you help me dig my car out in the morning, I'll drive you home."
"I can't pay you," said Pete.
"You can come back sometime, work it off." Ron didn't really expect the boy to return.
The boy glanced toward the door.
"I swear I'm not as crazy as it looks."
"What about him?" Pete nodded toward the stairs.
"I have no idea," said Ron.
Ron built up the fire in the ballroom, gave the boy some dry clothes and blankets to sleep in.
Pete lay awake for a long time, watchful and nervous, but the day had taken its toll. He fell asleep dreaming that he was awake. In the blackest, most silent part of the night, Pete awoke with a start. His father kneeled next to him.
"Your mom's done a good job with you." Jeff gripped Pete's shoulder, sighed and started to speak. Sighed again. "I need you to do something for me."
Pete tried to read his shadowed face.
"I want you to go away from here and never come back,” Jeff said.
"Never?"
"Maybe when you're older. But for now...you have to trust me.”
"I want to sleep now," said Pete, turned his back to his father and held back his tears until Jeff's footsteps finally creaked away.

"We have to talk," said Ron to the empty hallway the next day.
He had returned Pete to his grateful mother, a tense little woman with too many questions and no time for answers.
"Jeff?" It felt wrong that Ron's apparition should have a name. Especially such an ordinary one. But he did have a name. And a son, even.
Ron rapped his knuckle gently against the splintered door jamb. The door creaked slightly ajar.
"I'm coming in," he said, and gave the door a nudge.
Gloomy light leaked into the room from the hall. As Ron's eyes adjusted, a ragged heap in the corner came into view.
"Jeff?"
Ron fumbled a cigarette lighter from his breast pocket and examined the room in its flickering light. He had been correct after all. It was some sort of closet. And in the corner, a heap of rags, twigs, watery glints of shit: a pack rat midden. Ron shuddered. The lighter scorched his thumb. He flinched and the flame went out.
Ten minutes later, he came back with a flashlight. From the midden he plucked a Cross pen he'd thought long lost, an earring, a fork coated in urine. He tossed the fork back.
For days, Ron wandered the hotel, searching for more hidden rooms, looking for signs of Jeff Davis and his rats, doubting his own sanity, wondering, yet again, whether he'd made a huge mistake. He'd sunk most of his trust fund into the place. And for what? It was nowhere near finished. There were still boarded up windows and leaks in the roof, and no electricity. But he was in too deep to quit.
Repeatedly, he found himself standing in the sour-smelling rat room, pacing around with his flashlight, looking over the rat nest, the one wooden chair, the shredded horsehair mattress, hoping they'd tell him some story, that it would all suddenly make sense.
Where had Jeff gone? It had snowed again and there were no footprints leading into the woods or down the road.
Ron had stocked up on supplies in Boulder on the day he drove Pete home, so he knew that part had really happened. Here was the fresh pack of Newports in his pocket. Proof. He peeled away the cellophane and poked one between his lips, disgusted with himself.
Leaning against the wall, he held the cigarette out, watched it glow, let the aroma of tobacco and menthol spread through the stinking room.
He pushed off the wall to pace some more, and startled when the wood paneling seemed to give way behind him.
Great, he thought, more structural issues, as if he didn't have enough problems. But when he stepped back, the wall stood as it always had, mocking him. When had he last eaten? He needed to start taking care of himself.
He prodded the paneling, here and there. And just when he decided it was sound after all, it gave way with a groan.
"Aaaw, craaap," it seemed to say.
A section of the wall swung inward like a door, and behind it a stone staircase barely as wide as Ron's shoulders spiraled downward into the mountainside.
Ron tossed his cigarette on the floorboards, scuffed it with his toe, flicked on his flashlight and ducked in.
At the bottom, a rough tunnel dead-ended at a short flight of steps and a trap-door in the ceiling.
A rusted lever and spring contraption on the wall invited Ron to pull, and the trap door squeaked open. A puff of dirt poured down. Rubbing his eyes, he scrambled upward and out.
He recognized the room immediately. It was the cave chamber they called the Crypt, where Margaret had found a human skull.
"Are you one of them or one of us?" croaked a voice from the other side of the Crypt. 
Ron jumped. His flashlight beam bounced around until it found Jeff, crumpled on the floor. Two sets of eyes glowed from nearby.
Jeff was even more diminished than before. And Ron wasn't a good judge of pack rats, but they did seem less frisky. The man croaked and mumbled, huddled on a rumpled blanket in a sea of Twinkie wrappers and empty Fresca cans. So that's what had happened to Ron's groceries.
"One of us?" Ron guessed, preparing for a hasty retreat. "You can come back, you know. I won't hurt, ah, Luster's babies."
"You killed Luster," said Jeff.
Ron racked his brain. "The rat?"
"You're a murderer."
"Yes. I'm sorry. Luster was your pet?"
"Pet?" Jeff huffed. "Pet?"
"I'm sorry," Ron murmured.
Something clunked and Ron spun around. The trapdoor had completely vanished. If he hadn't just come through it himself, he wouldn't know it existed.
Panic threatened as he played his flashlight over the rubble of the cave floor. The vault door was locked from the outside, and the key was back in Ron's room, wedged in a crack under the window sill. Please let him not be locked in here with this...ghost! Ron scuffed the ground with his toe until he kicked a softball-sized rock that didn't budge. Squatting down, he heaved on it and the trapdoor hinged open again.
He fled back up the hidden staircase.

Ron drove down to Boulder and loaded up with Twinkies and Fresca and handfuls of batteries, then consulted with the teenaged clerk in the pet store about the care and feeding of rats. He bought four ten-pound bags of rat pellets. She recommended something called a "habitat", shaped like a choo-choo train with an exercise wheel and plastic tubes to scurry through. It was, he explained, too small for these rats.
He hauled a paper sack of stuff down the secret passage, sprang the door open, plopped a six-pack of Fresca and a Twinkie by the open trapdoor, then strewed a trail of Twinkies and rat pellets through the tunnel, up the stairs and into the room with the rat’s nest. He propped open the hidden door and waited.
The rats showed up almost immediately. Two days later, Jeff followed.

"You stole my Golden Bear, didn't you?" Ron said to him later that week, when he surprised Jeff rummaging through his cooler.
"Your bear? It's not your bear!" Jeff scoffed.
Jeff was acting normal, which put Ron even more on edge, for some reason. "Look, this is my property," Ron said, "and I don't want you haunting the place."
"But I was here first."
"I can set you up someplace else. There are other abandoned buildings in town. Why does it have to be this one?"
"You know why."
The two men locked eyes. Finally, Ron couldn't stand it any more.
"You want me to call the cops?"
Jeff snickered, jerked his head up and to the side like he'd been shocked.
Ron drew back.
"I know what happened that day," said Jeff.
Ron's heart hiccupped. "Which day?" he breathed, needing, but not wanting to know.
The other man actually smiled, a gap-toothed smile, like they shared a secret.
Of course, there was only one day that mattered: Christmas, just a few months before.
"I was there," said Jeff.
Ron's mind ran in circles. It was impossible, wasn't it? But then, lately it seemed that almost anything could happen.
"I could have bashed your head in, the way you did to Luster and to your friend."
"Why didn't you, then?”
Jeff seemed at a loss. "I want you to apologize."
"You think an apology will help?"
Jeff shrugged.
Ron leapt for Rich's old tool box, threw it open, brandished the carpenter's hammer he'd used to break down Jeff's door. He shoved the hammer in Jeff's face. Jeff cringed.
"Take it!" Ron shook the hammer at Jeff.
Jeff hesitated, then curled his fingers around the handle.
Ron dropped to his knees in front of Jeff. "Do it, goddammit!” Ron craned up at him. “What are you waiting for? Just fucking kill me and get it over with. You'd be doing me a fucking favor!" Ron waited, and waited.
"That's why," said Jeff, at last.
"What?"
"That's why I won't do it."


Chapter 33
Sometimes, when Jeff spoke to other people (which wasn't often), he didn't speak the truth. It wasn't exactly lying. It was more like the truth was too complicated to be boxed in by words.
So when Jeff had refused to kill Ron because he wanted Ron to suffer, that was true, in a way, for a time.
And then time unspooled, and Jeff watched Ron and realized that Ron had punished himself enough. And Luster the pack rat was as one with the world now. Maybe she was in a better place. So there was no sense in holding a grudge about that.
Plus, Ron had built a wall to block off the strange heart of the cave, the place Margaret had called the Chamber of Wonders. At first, Jeff had been outraged. But eventually he realized that the wall protected them both.
After all, Jeff had found himself there once and been swept away, and when he came back to himself he was so hungry and so thirsty that he could barely stand, and he felt like he had seen all of creation and the history of the world in one very long and complicated Technicolor movie.
Since then, he'd spent days and months trying to return. Searching, searching for this thing he did not want to find, like a salmon swimming upstream to die.
Once you went down the throat of the mountain, you could never be the same.
So, one morning months after the girl had left and Ron stopped badgering Jeff to leave, Jeff added his own deterrent. Not a wall, but a sign.
He painted the ghosts that escaped through the gap around the vault door. Ghosts that moved with the convolutions of the rock and the sweep of a flashlight's beam. They were a warning for the benefit of those who could not see what Jeff saw.
He finished his painting just before dawn and left the paint cans by Ron's door as a hint. Then he hid and watched.
When Ron stumbled, bleary-eyed, out of his room behind the bar, he nearly knocked over the paint cans.
Jeff slipped deeper into the shadows as Ron scanned the ballroom. When Jeff peeked again, Ron had gone to investigate. Good.
Jeff strolled into Ron's room looking for something clean to wear, and for some reason the bathrobe hanging from a nail on the back of the door called to him. It was a manly brown color, practical because it wouldn't show the dirt. It was also an appealing combination of cuddly and dashing.
He stripped off his paint-splattered sweater and left it lying on the bed. Slipping the robe over his shoulders, he backed up to admire himself in the tiny square of mirror above the dresser.
Pretty good. He stood taller. The robe lent him a kind of authority he hadn't felt with the baggy old sweater. While Jeff was rummaging in Ron's top drawer for clean underwear, Ron careened into the room, wild-eyed and panting.
He skidded to a stop and looked Jeff over. Jeff stuffed a pair of wadded-up underwear into the robe's roomy pocket.
Ron seemed at a loss for words.
"I like your wall," said Jeff, and waited.
"I like your painting," Ron said at last. "It captures the spirit of the place."
That was the beginning of Jeff and Ron's uneasy truce, which evolved into a business partnership, and if not a friendship, a cautious kind of respect.
Ron never did get his robe back.


Chapter 34
Forty years later, in November of 2013, Ron and Margaret stepped off the elevator on the fifth floor of Long Shot, Inc. and were greeted by Crystal the receptionist, pink message slips in hand.
Margaret snatched hers from Crystal's thin fingers as she steamed past. Ron took his, darting Crystal a quizzical look. She wasn't usually so eager for them to get their messages.
Ron glanced down and scanned the note, then looked up to see Margaret, frozen in mid-step. All color had drained from her face. Her trembling lips clamped together.
Crystal said, "I thought maybe you'd want to know right away, if Joe was a good friend of yours."
Joe, whose mind had run away on that horrible Christmas day, so long ago, was dead.
"Margaret, I'm so sorry," said Ron.
"I'm not sorry," Margaret blurted. "I'm…" She let out a shaky breath.
Ron could see the pain under the careful mask. The set of her mouth. The tightness at the corners of her eyes. And it stabbed him in the heart.
It was still Joe. It had always been Joe.
"Maybe," Ron said as gently as he could, "he'll be free now." Maybe Margaret could finally let him go, he thought. 


Chapter 35
Andrea leaned on the corner of Ron's desk a couple of days later.
"What is up with her?" she fumed.
"Who?"
"Your new vice president. She makes me homicidal."
"Oh, her," Ron chuckled. "She's something, isn't she?"
Andrea's nostrils compressed. "Oh, Christ, Mom was right."
"What does your mother have to do with this?"
"You're making a fool of yourself over Margaret Gundy."
"It's not like that, Andrea. We're old friends. She understands the business. Bringing her in was a smart business move, that's all."
Andrea rolled her eyes, rounded on him again. "Margaret seems to think there's something you're not telling me about the cave."
"You already know all you need to know," he said. 
"About what? About the ethylene?"
"Mm-hmm." He avoided her eye.
Andrea studied him. "So if it's not that, what is it? Radon? A dragon?" She snorted.
He blew out a breath between his teeth, acknowledged her joke with a half-hearted smile.
"It’s like you trust everyone but me, Dad. You’ve got Roxy working with the Oracle, and now Janie--"
Janie stuck her head through the door and knocked. "Oops. Sorry. It's just that I have a question about exactly what some of these terms mean on the spreadsheet. Like, what's this C2H4?"
Andrea rolled her eyes.
Ron stood and waved Janie in, smiled indulgently at Andrea. "We'll talk about this later."
Face stony, Andrea brushed past Janie and flicked the door closed.

Janie spent the week trying to wrap her mind around the Trends statistics. She revised all of her errors and pestered Ron with questions. She worked up a series of color-coded graphs. Gradually, patterns emerged, but Janie didn't trust her own work, so she put her pretty graphs in a drawer and started over. With winter coming, cold air swirled over her cubicle wall. She took to wearing a ski hat at the office. Word had gotten out that she was the new VP's niece. Even Jeff, the erstwhile Oracle, called her "Sparky Junior" one day as she passed him on the portico.
"Don't call me that," she snapped.
"What's your auntie's plan for you, Junior?" he shouted after her.
Ron had explained to her what the column headings stood for. C2H4, for example, was ethylene. According to Wikipedia, ethylene was both explosive and psychoactive, which explained some things.
By the second week of November, Janie started to worry. The ethylene levels were rising and seismic activity, well, it was hard to tell, but it seemed to be on the upswing. And it wasn't just the data that made her worry. That little itch in her temple was back. Did she believe all that gobbledygook about experiencing the undifferentiated world and seeing through the illusion of time? Not really. After all, Ron and Aunt M were freaks. But something was happening. Janie could feel it.
"Ron's at the holiday craft fair in Lakewood," said Crystal when Janie arrived at the fifth floor with her charts and spreadsheets. "He and his wife Nancy make candles," she added helpfully. "They're very artistic."
"What about my aunt, Mrs. Gundy?"
Crystal's eyebrows drew together and she tipped her head in sympathy. "I thought she was around earlier but nobody seems to know--"
Janie nibbled on her lip. "Andrea?"
Crystal shook her head. “I don’t think you want to talk to her right now.”

On the steps of Long Shot, Inc. the next morning, Jeff wore long underwear under his bathrobe. He leaned toward Janie and hissed, "You're in over your head and you're going to wreck it for all of us."
Janie stopped dead and stared at him. That was exactly her greatest fear. Then Roxy caught Janie's arm and dragged her into the building. 
"Ignore him. By the way, your car is fixed. Charlie finished a couple of days ago, actually. I just forgot."
All morning, the building seemed to buzz. Janie dialed Crystal's extension. No one answered. She left a message reminding Crystal that she needed to talk to Ron. Then, she waited.

Now that she had decided to tell Ron her results, she could think of nothing else. She stared, unseeing, at her computer monitor. Eventually, she dozed on the keyboard.
From deep in the bowels of the building, Janie heard a muffled yell. Later, a door slammed on the floor above her and the ceiling creaked with running footsteps.
She heaved herself out of her desk chair and peeked into the ballroom. All was quiet. Then she took herself over to the window, from where she could see the parking lot and a swath of Main Street. It all looked as usual.
The elevator slid open on her floor and footsteps approached. Janie didn't even try to pretend she was working. She turned from the window just as Pete reached her doorway.
"Let's go," he said.
Janie drifted toward him, lightheaded.
"It's five o'clock already?" she asked, as she veered back to her cubicle for her jacket and purse.
"No."
He was beside her immediately, yanking her jacket and purse out of the file cabinet.
Janie tagged along, wondering in an abstract way why they were leaving. The elevator glided up instead of down, squeaked open on Ron Essing's floor, where Crystal welcomed them with a beatific smile. Pete punched the button and the doors juttered closed in her face.
Pete mumbled, "Should have taken the damned stairs."
They stopped again on the third floor, where Andrea forced her way on, white-faced, followed by Roxy, who bounced and giggled with excitement.
"It's like a thunderstorm!" Roxy said.
“Shut up,” said Andrea.
Janie didn't think to ask what Roxy had meant until after Pete shoved her out of the elevator in the lobby, propelled her out the door and down the worn sandstone steps.
They got into the Explorer. Pete pulled carefully out of the lot.
A mile down the road, he stopped at a gravel pull-out and slumped over the wheel.
"What just happened?" Janie asked.
Pete groaned and sat up. He lolled back in his seat, eyes closed. "A surge. Cave energy."
"I should have known."
"That's the thing," he said. "You never do really know at the time. It's only afterward."
"How did you know, then?"
He shrugged. "I've been doing this for a long time."
"Shouldn't we call the police or the fire department or something?"
"No."
"But it seems like--"
"We just don't do that."
After a while, he sat forward and pulled out onto the county highway.
A horn blared and a shiny sedan swerved around them.
"Fuck! I mean, effing hell! Sorry."
"I was supposed to know," she said in a small voice. "It's my job."
He glanced over at her as he drove. If he was surprised, he didn't show it. "You just save your energy for the big one."

The next morning, a notice taped to the door announced that Long Shot, Inc. was closed due to "unforeseen circumstances". Broken windows marred the crumbling facade, and file folders and papers were strewn across the front steps.
Guilt. Shame. Worry. And a little voice in her head trying to silence them all with platitudes. Janie wondered if everyone was okay. Should she call Aunt M to check on her? To apologize? Pete and Janie crossed to the casino, where a group of employees had gathered around the bar for the Irish coffee special. Conversation paused when Pete and Janie approached, but Pete didn't seem to notice.
At the fringe of the group, a man turned. "Are you happy?" he said. The rest of them averted their eyes. "Now that we're all out of work?"
Face red, Pete turned and strode out.
Janie lingered, searching for a clever retort. Settled for: "I think it's actually closed because of the energy surge yesterday, not because of Pete's complaint."
Then she trotted after Pete.
"Why don't you just effing butt out?" he snapped.
"Fine. I'm sorry."
He sped up. She was losing ground.
"Pete, wait up! Where are we going?"
He whirled around. "There's no 'we'! I'm not your effing father. Didn't you say your car is fixed? Why are you still following me around?"
Janie reeled. So it was back to this again? After all they'd been through, Janie had thought they understood each other. Apparently, she'd been fooling herself. She was just a pain in his ass.
Pete marched off. Alone on the sidewalk, Janie wondered: had everyone in the casino bar seen them argue?
Should she wait for Pete to calm down, walk off his snit and circle around to the Explorer?
Or should she just grow up?
She clamped down hard on the stupid ache in her chest, turned and trudged up the hill toward Roxy's place.

Slumped on the front steps of the Victorian house Roxy shared with two roommates, Roxy's boyfriend Charlie raised his head and just managed to twitch his lips in greeting. That little twitch was enough to make Janie swoon.
"I hear you fixed my baby," she said. His head bobbed, but he stayed put.
Janie glanced over at the Taurus, parked in the gravel driveway in front of Charlie's rusty Tercel. The fender was wrinkled like used tinfoil and the front bumper was gone, but she hadn't expected miracles. Tired from her walk and unsure what else to do, Janie plopped down on the opposite end of the stoop.
"I guess I owe you some money."
He scowled.
She really should have stayed in bed that morning.
"Is Roxy here?"
"She's sleeping, finally. I put Xanax in her Juice Plus shake. Don't look at me like that. You don't know what it was like."
"That wasn't a look. I was just looking at you."
He picked at his toenail. "What happened with the two of you in the cavern?"
"She didn't tell you?"
"She said it was a beautiful spiritual experience. She said she saw how all of creation was tied together and she was changed forever."
"Oh."
"I take it there's more to it."
"She, ah, took her clothes off and she was dancing and crying. She passed out in, like, a puddle."
"Shit." He rubbed his stubbly jaw. "I should have known better."
"I would never go back. Ever."
"I shouldn't have showed her how to get in. What was I thinking? I guess I thought maybe she could handle it. She's so..."
"Confident."
"Yeah."
They both stared at their feet.
"The funny thing is, I never told Roxy about when Jay and I found it, because the minute I climbed in, I started freaking out. I was, like, drowning in air, and I-- we were like, screw this, and we just turned and ran. And we agreed not to talk about it afterward." Charlie focused on his feet. "But then, a few months later, after you guys went out for margaritas, she starts going on and on about it, and I tried to, you know, talk her out of it. But she called me a pussy. So here we are."
The storm door flew open and Roxy barged between them wearing nothing but an oversized T-shirt. Barefoot, wild-eyed. Hair like Medusa. Her usual bubbly energy was transformed into something feverish, edgy.
"Oh, good, you're here," she said, and snuggled up to Janie on the step.
Charlie winced at the sky.
"I'm sorry, I must have fallen asleep," Roxy said. "Where's everybody else?" She grabbed Janie's hand so she couldn't pull away, then turned to direct the question at Charlie.
"I'm sure they'll be here soon," he soothed.
"Did you explain to Janie?"
"Maybe you should do that, Roxy."
Roxy turned back to Janie. "He doesn't really understand, but you were there with me, weren't you?" She jiggled Janie's hand so Janie would meet her eye. "Or maybe that was the other time?"
Janie nodded politely, although she really wanted to rip her hand out of Roxy's grip and run.
"They can't keep us out! The time for diplomacy has ended!"
"I'm not sure where you're going with this, but okay." Janie glanced toward Charlie for help.
"Here's the thing." Roxy rocked forward. "We have to seize the cave!"
"Who?"
"Everybody!"
"Of course," Charlie cut in. "Janie knows that. That's why she's here to help us. Why don't you go put on some pants?"
"You won't leave without me?"
"I promise," he said. 
Janie nodded vigorously.
"Because I have to lead," Roxy warned, as she leapt up.
"Holy crap," Janie murmured as the storm door slammed.
"She's been hyper since she got the new job. But then last night the doorbell rings. I look out the window and see this blond woman roar off in a Subaru. I go down there and Roxy is sprawled across the doormat with her skirt hiked up, sort of humping the sky."
Janie really didn't want to hear about stuff like that and she didn't know why he would tell her.
"You should get her out of Long Shot," she said. Then, "I've got a check for you, but don't deposit it until Thursday."
Charlie moved his Tercel and Janie drove away before she had to deal with Roxy again.
The engine sounded like it was in pain, but it didn't quit on her as she drove back to Pete's place. He was still out. She heaped her stuff into the back seat and put Lacey up front. She thought about leaving a note, but really, what would she say? Surely she'd get it wrong, so she took one last look under the bed for dirty underwear and headed down the canyon to home.
She attacked the yard with her dad's old mower, picked up the worst of the dog turds. She left the door ajar to air out the house and squirted Scrubbing Bubbles into the toilet. The next day was rainy. She found a sodden DVD player in her neighbor's garbage. It seemed to work fine.
A check arrived: Dad's life insurance. Enough to buffer her against disaster. Would it be sensible to give up the job at Long Shot, Inc.? She certainly didn't want to go back. Assuming they reopened, that is.
Pete called, left a message: "I guess you must be back home now and maybe you don't want to talk to me...If you ever need advice or anything, just remember to do the opposite of what I would do! Ha! Ah...I quit drinking. So far. You don't have to call back. Well, you can't, because I'm calling from a pay phone."
She loved her home, but it seemed so empty without someone else in it. Lacey paced between the front and back doors, looking for Dad, or Pete, perhaps. Had she abandoned Pete? Roxy? Or had they abandoned her? 
The days were cooler, the wind had an arctic bite. Winter was coming.
Her phone rang again the next day. Janie answered, thinking maybe it was Pete again.
"I'm glad you've settled back into your home," said Aunt M. "It must be a relief."
Wet snowflakes splattered on the window pane. Lacey sulked in the shadows by the front door. She'd given up hoping for a walk.
Was it relief? Was this what relief felt like? Janie wondered. She had the bathroom to herself and it didn't smell. She had her childhood home, her own bed. She had all the time in the world to do what she wanted, and her money worries were solved for awhile, yet it felt like a step backward.
Aunt M was saying, "I’d like to have a chat with you this afternoon in Ron's office."
Janie's forehead broke out in a sweat. Was it the deliberately casual word, "chat", which probably meant interrogation? Was Aunt M angry that she'd failed to predict the surge? Janie wanted to beg for forgiveness. She wanted to throw things at her.


Chapter 36
Andrea was as predictable as her father, and just as easy to manage. She'd asked her father about the walled-off passage. He'd balked, increasing her curiosity. Then, two days ago, to Margaret’s delight, Andrea had lugged several oversized McGuckin's bags up to her office. The outline of the Bosch hammer drill carton was clearly visible through the plastic.
Margaret had been keeping an eye on Andrea's progress, and figured that any minute the wall should topple. Margaret fancied she could smell it happening, the same way you could smell when cookies finished baking.
She sent for Janie, to give her final instructions. Margaret would have to get rid of Ron for an hour so he wouldn't cramp her style. He was always watching her. It was just like when they were young, only this time he'd made her sign a contract promising not to enter the cavern without his explicit permission. He was so naive.
She called Gary, her artist admirer, and cancelled their date for later in the week. It was the courteous thing to do. He sensed something was wrong, and she wasted precious time evading his questions.
Joe's death had changed everything. 
Yes, there was still the Golden Bear, but not for her. Margaret had no need for treasure any more. Janie would find it some day.
And Janie would have, as well, Margaret's Online Metaphysical Superstore, her house and stocks, but most importantly the old Long Shot Hotel and the cave. An empire that would justify the suffering of Margaret's great-grandfather, the searching, the years of waiting, the work.
Margaret almost wanted to live to see it.
The Chamber of Wonders was opening again. All of the indicators pointed that way. Joe was dead, his soul no longer trapped. Margaret would join him, and they would leap into the great beyond together.


Chapter 37
Crystal perched on a boulder in the lotus position, picking dead grass off her alpaca sweater. "When you said we were going into the cave, I thought you meant through the basement, the way you go every day."
Roxy lay on the ground, arms draped through the bars. She felt around, craning her neck to avoid the sharp metal flower that had sprung from the grate.
"I know the combo to the inner door. Ron's the only one who has the key to the outer vault door, though. Andrea doesn't even have one."
"Are you sure this grate opens?" asked Crystal. "Because it seems like he'd keep it secure, right?"
"It opened when I was here before. But this thing is new." She shoved the metal flower. It snapped back and almost took out her eye.


Chapter 38
A uniformed guard Janie didn't recognize unlocked the lobby door and escorted her through the silent building to Ron Essing's office. A web of duct tape outlined the cracks in the office window and adhered a hunk of cardboard to the upper right hand corner. It fluttered in the wind.
This time, Aunt M commanded the leather executive chair. Essing huddled in a client chair in a blue wool overcoat.
"I'm sorry I let you down," said Janie, as she sat and bent to set her purse on the floor. "But you have to remember that you originally hired me to do marketing, not--" Whatever it was. Surge prediction? "Furthermore--" That word gave her confidence. It sounded so organized. "Furthermore, I tried to contact you both to warn you that a surge was coming, but nobody was around. Crystal will back me up on that."
Janie snugged down her ski hat and crossed her arms.
"Don't worry about it, Sweetheart," said Aunt M. "We forgive you."
Essing forced a distracted smile.
They all sat in silence for an uncomfortable couple of beats. A gust through the window started a pen rolling on the desk top. Aunt M trapped it with her hand.
"What about the OSHA inspection? Did they shut you down?"
Aunt M was annoyingly calm. "The inspection results came back and we did receive a citation--"
"I knew--"
"Yes, a citation. We need to update the elevator and we’ve had to unlock the emergency exit between the kitchen and the basement, but the air samples tested clean."
"We reopen on Monday," Ron added.
Janie was speechless. Who had they bribed?
Aunt M looked her straight in the eye, and Janie couldn't read anything there, but she felt like Aunt M was paging through her brain. Essing kept glancing from Janie to Margaret.
"Ron, go take a walk around. I want to speak to my niece privately."
He cast her an incredulous look.
"Don't pout, Sweetie."
After he left, Aunt M inspected Janie for a moment before coming out from behind the desk to close the office door. She dragged Essing's chair closer to Janie and sat knee-to-knee with her. Janie's sense of dread increased.
"You may have noticed that Pete is no longer a member of our team."
"You can't fire someone for filing a safety complaint, Aunt M. I looked it up."
"We don't use the term 'fired' around here. We say that it was time for him to explore other opportunities. After he abandoned his post during the surge the other day, it became clear that his commitment to our mission had waned."
"I abandoned my post, too, and I'm glad. What the hell happened to Roxy? She's--"
"That will pass," said Aunt M.
Janie hugged herself. "Whatever you want from me, Aunt M, I'm not sure I want to do it."
"You've got it wrong, Janie. It's not what you're going to do for me. It's what I'm doing for you."
That silenced Janie. Sure, it sounded good, but...
"Ron's financial issues are worse than he realized." (Did Aunt M sound gleeful?) "As of yesterday, I'm no longer just the Vice President. I've taken control of the business. Of course, he'll stay on as an advisor. He’ll be paid generously, and he prefers it that way. This is something I've worked toward for a long time."
Janie nodded, tried to imagine where this was headed.
Aunt M swept her arms wide. "The Long Shot Hotel is in your blood, Janie. You were always meant to come here."
Janie snickered, then recovered.
Aunt M gave her a stern look. "Very soon, I am going to leave my physical body. You are going to inherit the cave and the building from me."
"No!"
"Yes!"
Why did people always mistake Janie's horror for enthusiasm?
"I want you to be prepared. You know how much I care about you, right? I know you're capable of much more than you've given so far. In fact, there is a reason your life has led you to just this point. It's the same reason you aren't living up to your potential: you were meant for greatness, not the mundane."
"That would be a really good excuse if it weren't so wacky."
"Wacky?"
"Well, I think you're a bit--I mean, Aunt M, you believe in extra-terrestrials."
Aunt M placed a mottled hand on Janie's knee, hypnotized her with her eyes and said, "No. This is not wacky. This is revolutionary. Only a mediocre mind could confuse the two. You will bring the infinite web of possibility to the masses. You've heard of the Oracle of Delphi? That will be nothing compared to here."
"I'm having a hard time picturing--"
"I'm proud of you, Janie. You did a pretty decent job of predicting the surge."
“Really?” Janie was momentarily speechless. "But I couldn't do anything about it! If you and Ron had been around, maybe--"
Aunt M continued, "I want you to keep working on it. Keep going to Ron with your questions. There's a lot he can teach you."
"But I got it right, didn't I?"
"You were close," said Aunt M.
Janie raked her temple with her fingernails. It was so itchy she wanted to tear her skin off.
Aunt M smiled and held her eye.
Uh-oh.
"Actually," said Aunt M. "The big surge will be today."
A gust of wind sucked the air out of Janie's lungs.
As Aunt M trapped Janie with her eyes, the phone on the desk rang. Aunt M gave it a look that should have silenced it. The ringing paused, then started again.
Pushing back her chair, she rose and reached over the desk for it.
"Yes?" The warmth in her voice was at odds with the rest of her. "Ron is out of his office at the moment, Dan, but bring them up. I'll talk to them."
Aunt Margaret set down the receiver and turned her full attention back to Janie. "Before I go today, I want to bring you down to the cavern and acquaint you with the source of the cave's power."
"Aunt M, if there's going to be a big surge, shouldn't we stay out of there? I mean, isn't ethylene explosive or whatever?"
"I won’t let anything happen to you.”
"I still don't want to go."
"It's not a matter of wanting. Just let me take care of Roxy and Crystal, whatever their issue is, and we'll get underway."
"I'm serious, Aunt M. I'm really not interested."
"Poo. Don't give me that."

The new guard, Dan, escorted Roxy and Crystal into the office, then stood to the side, smiling politely, like it was a cocktail party. He wore an official looking tan outfit with a gun holster. Embroidered patches on his sleeves announced that he was "Security".
"Hello, Crystal." Aunt Margaret used that friendly voice that didn't fool anyone. "And Roxy, right?"
Roxy strode past Janie and Aunt Margaret to the big walnut desk. Leaned on it. "We want to speak to Ron." A yellow leaf dangled from her hair.
"If that's okay," Crystal added.
"Whatever you would have discussed with Mr. Essing you may discuss with me, as I now own the company. Janie, stay where you are. You should hear this as well."
Janie sank guiltily back into her seat.
"Ron is gone?" Crystal sounded concerned.
"No. He'll stay on to handle the day-to-day management of the business. Janie will be taking a leading role as well."
"I--" Janie's protest died on her lips as Aunt M gave her The Look.
"Oh. Well, that could be good," said Crystal doubtfully.
"If you'll let us into the Portal," Roxy added.
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"The Portal to the infinite. Don't play dumb. Maps, deeds, old letters. I've got it all. All the stuff Mel was working on."
"Which maps?"
"Ah! See, now you're coming around!"
"Mel ran away, Roxy."
"No. She found the portal and she went through."
Aunt M tilted her head, seemed to consider Roxy. "Ah. You mean the Chamber of Wonders."
Janie looked from one to the other. They seemed to be serious. Janie snuck a glance at Crystal. No, Crystal was following right along. Only Dan the guard looked weirded out, fidgeting and anxious.
"Would you consider changing the policy on cavern access?" Crystal asked. "Because we think that it should be open to the public."
Roxy cut in, "And if you don't allow it, people aren't going to just sit there and take it. People will--They'll go crazy! Somebody could get hurt! Janie agrees with us, don't you Janie?"
"No! I only agreed with you so you'd shut up."
"You said we should organize and take over the cavern because it should be open to anyone who wants to experience the beauty of the infinite."
"I said no--"
"As a matter of fact," Aunt M interrupted, "I think that you're right. But Janie will be the one to make that decision."
A wicked grin spread across Roxy's face.
"You know what, Aunt Margaret? Why don't you take Roxy down and show her whatever you wanted to show me? I can stay up here in the real world and keep my mind."
"This time, it will have to be just you and me, Janie."
Margaret stood and grasped Roxy by the shoulders, maneuvered her out of the way and stepped behind the desk. "Dan, you may escort Roxy and Crystal out."
"I'm going, too," said Janie.
"You're staying with me," Aunt M countered, as she reached into a drawer and drew out a ring of keys.
Roxy leapt and snatched the keys from Aunt Margaret. They tinkled merrily in her grip. Her eyes sparkled, her wild hair danced in the breeze through the window.
Janie felt an overwhelming need to flee. "I'll let myself out," she mumbled, and reached down for her purse. Dan the guard was standing on the strap. "Excuse me," she said, and gave it a firm tug just as the guard lifted his foot. Her elbow rammed into his crotch. He doubled over with a grunt.
Roxy said, "Thanks, Janie," as she leapt over and relieved the gun from Dan's holster. "How do you use this thing?"
Crystal chattered, "Roxy stop! I swear Ms. Gundy, this was not the plan."
Bang!
"Oops! Okay, got it!" said Roxy.
The remains of the office window shattered behind Aunt M, who didn't look as nervous as you'd expect.
The guard was out the door and halfway to the staircase, waddling for his life, when Janie came to her senses and started after him.
Janie heard Crystal yelp, but she wasn't about to slow down. Crystal would have to fend for herself.
Halfway down the first flight of steps, Janie passed the guard.
In the lobby, she leapt to the telephone on the front desk and dialed 911.
The guard waddled past her, wheezing, unlocked the door and stumbled out onto the portico, hands on his knees.
She ran into the street to wave down the sheriff. The guard watched her warily from the top of the steps.
Two men in a Sheriff's Department SUV coasted to a stop at the curb and craned up at Long Shot, Inc. The guard trotted down the steps and leaned through the passenger side window. Instead of jumping out and storming into the building, the sheriff did a U-turn and parked in front of the casino. 
The security guard crossed the street and climbed into the back seat. The two sheriff's deputies and the security guard talked earnestly. They seemed to be filling out some kind of report. The deputy in the passenger seat picked up the radio and spoke into it.
Janie strolled over to her crumpled Taurus and tossed her purse into the driver's seat. Still, the men did nothing. 
The security guard got out of the SUV and made some comment, at which both of the other men laughed nervously. And he walked to his car in the parking lot and drove away.
Janie stepped up and knocked on the sheriff's passenger-side window, startling both men inside. When the window lowered a crack, Janie demanded, "What are you waiting for?"
He shrugged. "We're not getting involved, Miss."


Chapter 39
Roxy danced toward the elevator, grinning. "C'mon Crystal!"
"You didn't tell me there would be guns."
Roxy brought the gun up with both hands, sighted it at Crystal. "Poof!" she said.
Crystal skittered sideways and Roxy laughed.
"Naw, I'm not going to shoot anyone. I promise I'll ditch the gun here. Are you coming or what?"
Roxy kept the gun trained on the office door until the elevator squeaked open.
Crystal sighed, slipped in just as the doors slid closed. Roxy stuck the gun under her arm, fitted one of Margaret's keys into a lock on the control panel, turned it and jabbed the "B" button.
"You told me you'd leave the gun behind."
"I lied. Haha!"
"I don't like you when you're like this."
Roxy winked. "But you're here anyway. My most loyal follower."
"Uh..." Crystal glanced at the gun.
"I thought you wanted to do this," said Roxy.
"I do, but--"
"This is it, Crystal! The rocket ship to oneness! Don't you get it?"
"But what if we can't come back? I mean, it does sound blissful, but--"
"You can’t bail on me.”
"No, I-- It's just that I have a cat, you know, and then there's my family, too, I guess."

Margaret took the elevator to the lobby, strode down through the abandoned kitchen and flung open the emergency exit. She was glad, after all, that OSHA had forced them to leave it unlocked. In the darkness, she felt her way down the stairs and along the boardwalk. Up ahead, the bluish glow of electronics spilled through the open vault door. She could hear Roxy rant, "You’re pathetic! You and Charlie."
Margaret breathed deeply and peeked around the edge of the door. Roxy had just pranced through the inner vault door.
"So here we are," said Margaret, stepping forward.
Roxy and Crystal both flinched.
"I could shoot you right now," said Roxy.
"That's one possibility," said Margaret, stepping the rest of the way into the cavern.
Roxy pranced behind the gun, which seemed to be looking for something to shoot.
Margaret continued, "But this place may surprise you."
The gun homed in on Margaret.
In her dreamy voice, Crystal said, "Why can't we all just talk this through?"
"We're past that point, you twit," said Aunt M, as she lunged for the dancing gun.
There was a loud bang. When Aunt M's ears stopped ringing, Crystal was saying, "...have a very negative attitude."
"Gimme that!" Roxy roared.
Crystal now held the gun. Bang! bang! bang! She emptied bullets into the floor. Bits of rock and bullet sprayed everywhere, stinging Aunt M's neck, face, biting into her leg.
Crystal stepped back, clutching at her waist, threw the gun. It glanced off of Roxy's head. "There. There's your stupid gun. You shouldn't be mean to people if you want them to help you. It's like, basic karma."
"Ow," said Roxy.
Crystal choked, "And I'm not sorry." She stumbled out with her hand to her waist. Light from the airlock glistened on the blood seeping through her fingers. The airlock door clanged shut.
Pitch black.
"Crystal?" Aunt M cocked her ear. There was no reply. "I'm sorry that you're so sensitive, but I only called you a twit."
Margaret heard a rustle in the darkness, and knew that Roxy was escaping through the slot at the base of the wall.
A shame Janie wasn't there. Janie was the one who would inherit the legacy. Not this other girl, who seemed to have a nose for trouble, and would not be welcome at Margaret's reunion with Joe.
Possibilities barraged Aunt M's mind. For half a second, she froze. Then she dove into the slot after Roxy.

Jeff stepped in front of Janie as she gave up on the sheriff and crossed the street back toward Long Shot, Inc. The hem of his bathrobe fluttered in the breeze.
"I know what you're thinking," he said.
"That's funny because I don't." She pushed past him, forced her way through the door and crossed the lobby.
He caught up to her as she waited for the elevator. "You think you're going to play the hero, save your poor innocent Auntie."
Ignoring him, she stepped into the elevator. The doors closed and it squeaked upward. All she knew was that somebody had to do something.
The fifth floor was deserted. She ran down the hallway and sagged against the door jamb of Essing's empty office, then doubled back and caught her breath while she waited for the elevator. At the last minute, she dodged over to Crystal's desk. What would make the best weapon? Telephone? Stapler? She settled on the steel three-hole punch and slipped back into the elevator just as the doors closed.
She pressed “B”, but nothing happened. Damn. She had forgotten she would need a key to ride to the basement. So she pressed "L", rode down to the lobby, ran through the abandoned kitchen, and cast around until she spotted the basement door, ajar. Before starting down, she took a deep breath.
Outside the cavern airlock, she found Crystal bleeding and pissed off. "They shot me!" she said. "And your Aunt called me a twit!" Crystal seemed more offended by the name calling.
"I'm sorry to hear that. Are you okay?"
"I'm fine." She straightened up, the brave warrior. "But I could have died!"
"Maybe you should go to the hospital."
"It's just common sense, you're headed to a place of infinite possibilities, you want the possibilities that do pan out to be as positive as possible. But they had to be selfish."
"Look, I've gotta get moving. I have to find them." Janie pictured them killing each other, Roxy drowning in a puddle, Aunt M having a heart attack.
"So you're just leaving me here?"
"The elevator's that way."
"They don't care about anyone else, why should you care about them?" Crystal blocked Janie's way.
"I don't know. Will you get out of the way?"
"No!"
Janie whacked her with the hole punch. Crystal had some very stern things to say about Janie's character as Janie wrenched the airlock open and slipped inside. 
The doubts, the hesitation, the second-guessing had all faded. Janie knew what she had to do.
Strange.
Had Aunt M's confidence in her awakened something, some self-assurance she'd never felt before? Or was it just that there was no time to think?
For months, Janie had flailed and drifted, feeling she'd lost her way in life. But now she knew she was on the right path. She'd always been on the right path, because it was her path, not anyone else's. Just because it hadn't been fun didn't mean it had been wrong. She just wished she'd brought a flashlight.


Chapter 40
When she arrived back at the fifth floor, Crystal lifted her shirt and poked at the stinging scratch on her side. Good thing she'd been on a colon cleanse that week. If she'd had one more ounce of body fat, the bullet would have gone right through her.
Where had Ron gone? He was the only one who could reign in the chaos and make things right. Surely, he was around somewhere, but his office was empty and the entire fifth floor was eerily quiet. She sat at her reception desk for awhile, waiting, then wandered back down to Pete's desk in the lobby, where she could keep track of anyone coming or going.
The security cameras showed empty hallways. There was no movement in the cavern.
The only person around was Jeff, lounging against his usual pillar, eyes narrowed at the sheriff's SUV, picking his teeth with his pinkie. Crystal preferred to avoid him, but if anyone knew where Ron was, it was him.
She limped out to the portico, clutching her waist. "Do you know where Ron is?"
"I'm hoping to see him myself, Girly."
"It's just that things have gotten a little out of control."
Jeff snorted.
"And I've been injured," said Crystal, with what she thought was just the right degree of tremolo.
He rolled his eyes in her direction. "Neosporin."
"I've been shot," she clarified.
"Can't say I'm too upset about it."
"I know you don't mean that."
Just then, Ron appeared. He leaned out the door and beckoned to them, "What's going on?"
Crystal stepped inside, ranting. Jeff followed.
"Roxy and Mrs. Gundy have gone crazy! They're down in the cave, fighting. I tried to stop them but Roxy shot me."
Ron looked her over. She lifted her shirt slightly so he could see the trickle of blood.
"So you called the police?" He gritted his teeth and waved merrily at the sheriff's deputies parked at the opposite curb.
"No, no, it wasn't me," she said quickly.
"Jeff, let me get rid of the police, then we can talk. Crystal, why don't you go home and rest?" Ron took out his wallet, handed her two twenties. "And get yourself a new shirt."


Chapter 41
Down in the cave, rubble scraped Margaret's shoulder blades as she wriggled through the slot at the base of the wall. She flung out a hand and snagged Roxy's shoelace. Roxy tugged and the shoe came off in Margaret's hand. Margaret elbow-crawled after Roxy and almost caught her. Roxy writhed out of Margaret's grasp and scuttled away. 
Margaret's heart flailed at her chest. She was getting too old for this. She scooped up an iron-shaped rock, lurched upright and gave chase.
A line of dirty light like the first sign of dawn glowed in the tunnel ahead. Margaret could see the shadow of Roxy's wild hair as she bounced toward it.
Margaret rounded the next bend just as Roxy came upon Andrea. A fluorescent lantern flooded the passage with cold, unblinking light. Debris littered the tunnel floor: cast off gloves, Gatorade bottles, a hammer drill, chunks of rock. Andrea squatted in the ruins of the wall in splotched overalls, examining something. Andrea stumbled upright, gazed at Roxy, then flicked a glance toward Margaret, who was sneaking up behind Roxy. Margaret put a finger to her lips.
The odor of rotting flesh clogged Margaret's nostrils. Then a gentle breeze wafted her way and she drank in the sweet smell she craved. The Chamber of Wonders reeled her toward it. Margaret's substance had started to fade already. Perhaps the particles of her being had begun to scatter.
Margaret braced herself and heaved the rock into the back of Roxy's head. It was an echo of something she'd done before. She couldn't quite remember. Something unpleasant. But this time, Margaret was sure she had it right.
The weight of the blow knocked Roxy to the ground. 
Andrea ripped off her safety glasses. "You can't just--"
"Ah, but I can, Andrea. That's the wonderful thing about this place." Margaret sucked in a deep, purifying breath. "Anything is possible." Her head swam and she was almost overcome by euphoria. It had been too long.
"You knew about this?" Andrea jabbed a grimy finger at the wall.
Margaret stepped into the fluorescent glare, bent over, hands on her knees, and examined the corpse nestled in fetal position on the other side of the collapsed wall. “Oh, Mel," she tutted. From Mel's rotting fingers, Margaret pried a nugget of gold, held it to the light. It was the Golden Bear. It was unmistakable.
Margaret's heart swelled with gratitude. The universe worked in mysterious ways. It had finally produced her treasure. But how would Margaret pass the Golden Bear to Janie with so little time remaining? She had to trust that the opportunity would arise.
Andrea's voice broke through her thoughts: "You're on your own, Margaret. I'm out of here."
Margaret felt a blow between her shoulder blades. The Golden Bear flew out of her hand. She toppled onto the corpse. Rotting flesh kissed her face. Someone grasped her from behind and dragged her back into the light.
Roxy loomed over her, wild hair silhouetted in the lantern light.
"Faked you out, didn't I?" crowed Roxy.
See? Anything was possible. A drop of blood fell from Roxy's chin and stung Margaret's eye. She should have been dismayed to find Roxy alive and leering over her, but it was oddly invigorating to know you could kill someone, and then you got to do it all over again. Margaret wondered how she'd do it this time. 
Then Roxy shifted and Margaret had a slightly less invigorating thought: what if Roxy killed her before Margaret and Joe reunited and dove into the great beyond together? That would be a real downer.
Roxy snatched up Andrea's fluorescent lantern and scrambled over Mel's body toward the Chamber of Wonders.
Margaret felt around, retrieved the Golden Bear. She got stiffly to her feet and stumbled after her.


Chapter 42
Fleeing from the cavern, Andrea pushed through the hinged panel from the hidden stairway, tripped into Jeff's stuffy apartment, gasped and stepped back. Her father was already there.
He towered over Jeff, jabbing a finger at his chest, and the only words Andrea caught were, "My daughter would never--"
Both men spun around. Jeff jerked his head up and away, studied Andrea out of the corner of his eye. She wore filthy blue coveralls. Her face was streaked with dirt.
"Never do what?" crowed Jeff.
"Andrea, what's going on?" said Ron. "You know this is Jeff's private apartment. And you know I don't want you exposed to the cavern."
"I know what's behind the rock wall now, Father."
"What do you mean?
Andrea glared. "I’ve been doing some demolition work in the cave. Imagine what I found.”
Ron paled. "Margaret put you up to this?"
"Did you kill her, Dad?"
He glanced at Jeff. "Who?"
"You tell me," she shouted. "Is it Pete's daughter?"
"What are--Oh my God."
Ron stepped toward the paneled wall where Andrea had just emerged, veered back. 
Jeff shifted. "Told you," he said.
Ron turned on him, then bit back whatever he'd planned to say. "I need a flashlight."
Jeff leaned to rummage in the magazine pocket of his recliner, held up a flashlight.
Ron said, "Andrea, go to Pete's place, pick him up and bring him back here."
"I thought he was fired?"
Ron's lip twisted. "If it's Melanie, he deserves to know," he said.


Chapter 43
Five months before, on that afternoon back in June, Melanie hadn't known that it was the last time she'd see daylight.
The gathering clouds split open with a crash and water poured from the sky, so much water the whole world blurred to gray. Melanie kneeled and trundled two rocks out of the way, twinging her back in the process. She drew a sharp breath, then bent back down, reached through the rusted steel grate and fumbled with the hidden latch. Rain ran up her nose. Finally, the grate fell open. Gripping the bars, she lowered herself into the throat of the mountain. As she heaved the grate shut behind her, she lost her footing and tumbled to the rocky ground. When she stood up, she could feel herself grinning. 
She was getting nearer to the source. It coursed through her veins. It brought a skip to her step. 
The rumble of rain and thunder surrounded her, even underground. Darkness chased the beam of her flashlight through the tunnel. 
Then she was weightless. Her first instinct was to laugh. She was in the air for seconds, enough time to wonder whether she was flying. Just before plunging into freezing water, she realized she had it all wrong. 
Coughing and gasping, she popped to the surface. The flashlight was gone. She did a panicky dog-paddle to get her mouth above water as she spun in circles. Rock broke off in her hands as she clawed at the walls.
Water tugged at her Sketchers, dunked her every time she caught a breath. She lost feeling in her hands. Her body trembled, teeth clacked together. She could barely move. There was a painful crush in her chest. Melanie caught a last taste of air and let the current suck her under.
Melanie had barraged her dad and Ron Essing and her co-workers at Long Shot, Inc. with so many questions, they’d all clammed up. Well, Dad never had said much anyway, other than, "Effing lay off. I don’t know."
But he did know. People always wanted to tell him things, maybe because they figured he had no one to share them with since Mom took off. Maybe because he seemed sympathetic. It was like talking to a grouchy old dog, talking to her dad. So every once in a while Melanie pried something out of him, but not enough.
She had taken out old mine maps from the county archives, haunted the library. She skipped work to drive her dad's truck up washed out mining roads until she found it. And then, working on a hint from her wild-eyed, bathrobe-clad "grandfather" (she used that term loosely), she got in. Why didn't everyone know? It was so obvious. Long Shot, Colorado was a trap, a prison, as dead end as it got. And she'd found her escape. Or so she had thought.
Underground, Mel scraped and banged and tumbled. She didn't feel the pain so much as saw it. It was flashy and lurid and exploded in her head like fireworks.
The world thrummed and roared. She was in the heavy-duty wash cycle until she landed with a crash in a shallow pool. Miraculously, the water roared off without her.
Melanie dragged herself onto jagged rocks, barfed up a bunch of water and passed out.
It was silent when she awoke. Stabbing pain shot from her hip. The rest of her body throbbed. Melanie decided that throbbing was her new baseline for pain and it really wasn’t that bad-- kind of like when her dad gave her an affectionate thump on the back or a squeeze of her shoulder. It wasn’t the same as a hug, but it meant well.
The water had receded, leaving silty puddles and slick stone. She dragged herself through the inky darkness. She must be closer to the source. She must.
Sweet air breathed out of a narrow fissure. She wriggled into it, upward then downward.
Melanie sang Christmas carols, pop songs, "Lose Yourself" by Eminem. Hours before, or maybe it had been days, her voice had bounced off the cavern walls and filled it, keeping her company. Now, it was little more than a whisper in her ear. Or maybe it never left her own head. She couldn’t be sure. Sometimes, her heartbeat drowned it out.
She sang the song about the itsy-bitsy spider going up the water spout. The song had new meaning for her now. It was kind of funny, really. Puffs of rock dust blew up into her nostrils when she exhaled.
A faint breeze touched her cheek every once in a while. She must be almost there, but her swollen hip was wedged. The pain was a part of her now, no longer surprising or new. She’d given up on strategy and planning. All she had left was rage, to give her the strength to fight her way toward the source of the cave's energy. Nothing could stop her, especially not her own body. She drew another dusty breath and pulled with all her strength.
She saw the fireworks again. That was how she knew that she didn't exist, not really. If the pain were real, she'd feel it in her body.
Then she was free, and she willed herself forward. The illusion of her body tagged along, but she didn't care about that any more. She was fog, she was rock, she was the sweet air that wafted toward her. It was all one. She melted into it, through it. And then there was a time that she could move no farther. Or maybe it had always been that way.
When she started to become solid again, her mind ran away, back to the oneness, where everything was so much easier. 
She drew the sweet air up through her nostrils, plunged through space to become one with it. She was home. 
Don't worry, Dad, she thought. Everything is wonderful.


Chapter 44
Five months after Mel's disappearance, Ron rushed down to the cave to verify that her body had been found. After Ron left, Jeff sat alone in his stuffy room, tortured by regret. He slumped into his easy chair, face in his hands. 
The last thing Mel had said to Jeff before she disappeared was, "Thanks for the tip, Gramps!" She mocked him, but Jeff knew he was lucky she talked to him at all.
In the weeks after Mel disappeared, Jeff had obsessed about that conversation. If only he could remember what he'd said to her, maybe he'd know where she'd gone or what she'd been looking for. But he had no memory of the conversation at all. He'd lived his life so long in a dream, he'd stopped noticing.
Jeff knew that his granddaughter was entranced by the cave. She took after Jeff in that.
So he'd taken a break from sculpting and from employee harassment, and when he wasn't giving oracles, he scoured the caverns, all except the one behind Ron's rock wall, the one that came and went. She couldn't be there. There was a wall. And the one other way to get there (from the upper entrance) was, well, fatal. His search had ended there. But still, he wasn't so sure.
And then, one day, or perhaps it was night, Jeff had lolled on the floor of his underground gallery, head propped on a rock, bringing to shape things he saw in his mind, sculpting little people. People doing things, living lives. And their houses and trees and pets. A miniature community. He liked to imagine he lived there, too, was one of them. A whiff of disintegration disturbed this peaceful game and brought him to his feet. Following the scent he had been drawn to Ron's wall. The wall that protected the Golden Bear and kept Jeff from temptation. He put his palm gently to the cold stone. And then he knew. She had been there all along, and now it was too late.
Too late. How could it be too late in a timeless place? Perhaps too late was just another way of saying the cycle has begun again. 
The worst part was that only then was Jeff able to recall his last conversation with Melanie.
He remembered she'd been crowing about the cave's upper entrance. She'd found it on an old mining map from the county archive. It was just a matter of how to break through the bars.
And he'd told her about Margaret's hidden gate, something she had no business to know. And now she was dead. No wonder he'd blocked it out.
That was his wake-up call. His alarm. He'd had an alarm once, as a teenager. Every day before school the beeping had woken him with a pounding heart, a jolt of terror, a feeling that nothing good could come of the day. And so he'd stopped using it, started sleeping late. His parents hadn't understood. The vice principal hadn't understood. Was that when things had started to go wrong? When he'd started refusing to live by alarms?
The day he smelled Melanie, Jeff left the cave for the last time. He'd refused to do any more oracles. He'd showered, shaved, washed his bathrobe. He was cleaning up his act.
He passed the information to Pete: Melanie was dead in the cave.
"You're sick," Pete said. "You're an effing whacko! You don't even know what you're talking about!"
Pete tried to break Jeff's nose. They didn't discuss it again. Jeff hadn't been back to the cave since.


Chapter 45
Janie's enthusiasm and newfound self-confidence had waned shortly after she entered the cave to search for Aunt M and Roxy (no surprise there). It didn't help that she'd forgotten to bring a flashlight. This time, she wasn't the only one, however.
In the darkness, someone blundered past Janie and climbed down into the Crypt. To steady herself, Janie grasped the shaft of the rickety ladder, the ladder she and Roxy had climbed all those weeks before. The hole punch clattered out of her hand.
"Andrea?" she said. Janie could hear her scuffling around below, in the Crypt. "You can't ignore me forever, you know!" Janie said.
There was a squeak, a clunk, then silence.
"Andrea?"
Nothing. Like magic, she'd vanished.
Janie was still leaning on the ladder, dumbfounded, when she heard the squeak…clunk again.
Ron Essing climbed up through the floor of the Crypt like an envoy from the land of the dead. 
He panned his flashlight over her. "What are you doing?" he said, not unkindly.
"I want to help," she said.
"Then leave."
He jostled past her and climbed the ladder. He must have heard her follow him, but he seemed to forget about her after that.
After a while, he slowed. His flashlight beam bounced around. He dropped to his knees and examined something, then stumbled upright, dry-heaving, and ran toward her. Janie shrank against the wall as he blundered away.
Janie was alone in the darkness again. Decay forced its way up her nose. A step at a time, she groped toward the source of the odor. Her temple itched.
"Janie, I'm so glad you decided to come after all!" Aunt Margaret's voice echoed in her head like a memory.
"Aunt M? Where are you?" Janie whispered.
"This cave is in your blood, Janie. You'll find the way."
She stepped forward.
"Where’s Roxy? I thought you were in trouble.”
“Me? No. But I could use a little…assistance.”
Janie shuffled sideways into a narrow passage. The odor rammed its way down her throat: the odor of death. "Sorry," she whispered as she stepped on something dead.
Ahead, she heard overlapping voices. Her head boomed with the beat of her heart. Every stumbling step was a battle against fear.
The crevice spat her out in another world. A world of beauty and light. A world of flowing white stone. She had heard of caves like that, with stalactites and stalagmites, but she'd never seen one in person. Janie had a moment of lucidity, where she thought, "Cool! The Chamber of Wonders!"
A fluorescent camping lantern threw rainbows at Janie’s eyes. Just a few feet away, Aunt M leapt on Roxy with a war cry that made Janie's hair stand on end. Once again, Janie was impressed by her aunt's strength. Aunt M grabbed Roxy's arm and wrenched it up behind her, kneed Roxy in the backside. Roxy toppled forward.
Smash! went a stone formation like a melting ice cream cake.
Crash! went a formation like a white chocolate fountain.
Boom, boom, boom went Janie's heart.
With Roxy in a stranglehold, Aunt Margaret dragged Roxy all the way to Janie. Roxy choked and spluttered.
Aunt M's breezy voice echoed in Janie's head, totally at odds with the situation. "Oh, Janie. I'm so sorry. I really wanted this to be special. But we've run out of time."
Aunt M gave Janie an awkward hug, and thrust Roxy into her arms.
"Take Roxy and leave now."
"But I'm here to save you!"
Aunt M laughed. "Good job. Now go."
Aunt M shoved Janie back the way she had come.
Behind Janie, the chamber with Aunt M vanished into darkness. The walls seemed to shift. Roxy fought like an angry cat. Janie doggedly dragged her up and out of the mountain, following Aunt M's order, yes, but also her own path, the one that was hers and no one else's.


Chapter 46
Andrea's Subaru roared up the street and swerved toward the curb. Pete leapt from the passenger side even before she stopped. He took the steps two at a time and pounded upstairs.
Andrea drew a calming breath through her nose, let it out with a whoosh. Craned to watch Pete bound away.
He had been upset. She had stuck to the facts: your daughter is dead, etcetera, etcetera. As if calm and logic could keep the nightmare at bay.
She picked at her grimy fingernails, thought of the stained coveralls wadded in the back of the car. Her father hadn't killed Mel. He had been far too shocked by Andrea's news. He was a good man, not a murderer. Essentially, (she drew another steadying breath) Andrea had killed Mel: the Mel who had still lived in Pete's mind. The daughter he had imagined might still be alive.
What to do now? Those gapers hanging out in front of the casino might wonder about her, sitting in her car at the curb (Didn't they have anything better to do?). Andrea needed to make a decision. She should either stay and do something to help or...she could slip away. Opt out of all the recriminations, the repercussions. She didn't know how much more she could take.
Andrea scanned the street, undecided. Then there was a crash, and Janie hurtled through the glass lobby door and sprawled at the top of the sandstone steps. Roxy tumbled through on top of her. 
Andrea groaned and got out of the car. Andrea had started all of this. She had better finish it.


Chapter 47
Pete, Ron and Jeff faced off in Jeff's Spartan room, where just an hour before, Andrea had dropped the bombshell about discovering Pete's daughter's body.
"Weeks ago, I told you she was down there. I told you and him." Jeff jabbed a finger toward Ron. "Nobody believed me." 
Pete said, "I don't want to hear about it, Dad."
"If you gave me a little more credit, maybe you would have gone down there and found her." Jeff jutted his chin indignantly.
"Effing shut up! You're not helping!" Pete had searched the cavern. Jeff damned well knew it. He'd spent days scouring hidden passages. He'd explored every bit of it he could: the Crypt, the Corkscrew, the maze of passages and chambers and hidden tunnels. And with every day he'd felt his grasp on reality slipping until he realized he couldn't go back there any more. He'd climbed through the upper entrance, peered down into the water-filled shaft while his balls crawled up into his stomach. A shiver ran through his body just thinking about it. But Pete hadn't explored the passage behind the wall. Why would he? Even now, he couldn't imagine how Mel had gotten there.
"I'll help you carry her out." Ron spoke quietly. Pete had almost forgotten about him. "I've got some garbage bags, and--"
Pete turned on him so quickly, Ron was caught off guard.
"My daughter," his voice shook, "is not garbage."
"I meant--well, the body, she's, well...I think you'll see when we get down there that...she's pretty decomposed." He finished with a rush.
"And you want her out of your cave the easy way, the clean way, is that right?"
Ron was confused.
"Cover your ass, pretend it didn't happen, just like usual? What am I supposed to do with her then? Toss her in the dumpster? Bury her out back by the propane tank? Don't you think people might ask questions? Don't you think maybe they should ask questions?" Pete's voice rose to a roar.
Ron clutched his box of Hefty bags to his chest.
"She will have paramedics and police and a proper funeral, just like anyone else. She deserves that respect." He wheeled on Jeff. "Yes, respect!"
"I don't think there's time for that," said Jeff mildly.
"Effing bloody effing goddamned hell! What now?"
"Because," he continued, "this is the end of the cycle."
Ron closed his eyes, said, "Could you be a little more specific?"
But before Jeff could elaborate, Pete slammed his father into the wall. The hidden panel hinged open, spilling them into the secret stairway behind. Pete sprawled on top of his father, head-first on the spiral staircase and slammed Jeff's skull into the stone steps.
"The cycle? Fuck the cycle! My daughter is dead, you asshole!"
"But you might not come back," Jeff croaked. His bathrobe had fallen open, exposing his under shorts.
Pete got to his feet, bracing himself against the walls of the staircase and towered over his father. "I am so effing sick of your effing prophecies!"
Jeff lay limp on the stairs, screwed up his face, thinking. "I don't do prophecies any more. I retired weeks ago, as soon as I found out Mel had passed," he said. "This isn't a prophecy. It's just something I know."
Pete wheeled away from him back into the room and punched the paneled wall, then doubled over, clutching his fist.
Ron peered down at Jeff from the top of the stairs. His hand strayed to his breast pocket, but there were no cigarettes there.
"I'm not sure I understand," he said.
"Did The Sparkler tell you about the surge?"
"Margaret?"
Jeff drew a breath. "Did she tell you this is the big one? Can you feel it?" His voice rose. "Did you even wonder why we're going to hell in a hand basket? Did you realize that she planned this all along?"


Chapter 48
Andrea flung her car door shut and marched up the steps of Long Shot, Inc. Roxy shrugged away from Janie and bolted back into the building.
The crowd in front of the casino across the street chatted and sipped highballs and gestured with their cigarettes.
Jaw clenched, Andrea said, "Janie, get up. You're making a scene."
Andrea hauled Janie upright by her armpit and tried to pull the shattered door open. It wouldn't budge, so they stepped back through the hole Janie and Roxy had made. Andrea heard chuckles from across the street.
Andrea dumped Janie into the chair behind the front desk, banged open a drawer and thrust a box of Kleenex at Janie.
Taking a tissue for herself, she mopped grime from her eyes and said, "What's up with your aunt?"
Damn Aunt M, Janie thought. She wanted to stay in the cave, she could just do that. "I dunno."
"She wanted me to find Mel for a reason, Janie. What is it?" 
"Pete's daughter? I thought she died or something."
Andrea's nostrils compressed.
"Oh, no!" Janie's eyes widened in horror. "The smell. Oh, God! I stepped on her."
"Never mind that. What's your aunt's plan?"
Janie pressed a wad of tissue to a gash in her eyebrow. Why had Aunt M lured Janie in just to send her away again? And why was it so important to take Roxy out with her?
And what was up with that awkward hug? What was that for?
Andrea gave up on Janie and started pacing furiously.
Janie hunched forward and flicked up the hood of her sweatshirt. Something cold tumbled past her cheek and plopped into her lap. Something shiny and gold. Quickly, she palmed it. And suddenly she understood what Aunt M had been doing with that awkward hug. It was reverse pickpocketing.
The elevator dinged. Jeff and Ron stepped out, and as they strode toward the lobby, Ron hissed, "Does that mean it's opening?"
Jeff jabbed a finger at Janie and gave her a bug-eyed glower. Then he stepped through the shattered door and strode off.
Ron wheeled on Janie. "Jeff seems to think you have something to tell me about Margaret."
"Like what?"
Ron shouted, "Like what does she want? What more could she possibly want? I gave her everything!"
Janie shrank back.
"Janie doesn't know anything," said Andrea.
But, dammit, this time Janie did know something. And she was sick of Andrea thinking she was a moron. She said, "There's a story, a family story--"
"About the Golden Bear," Ron cut in.
"Yes, and--"
"A Chamber of Wonders."
"If you know so much, why are you asking me?" Janie shot back.
Andrea put a restraining hand on her father.
Ron closed his eyes. "Sorry."
Janie continued, "She wants me to inherit the company, which I don't want, but that doesn't matter. And I think she wants to go away to the, you know, the upside-down topsy-turvy."
Ron pinched the bridge of his nose. "And today is the big surge?"
"I think it's more dangerous than she lets on."
"No kidding," said Andrea. She turned to Ron. "Who else is in the cave right now? Pete?"
"I'll try to talk some sense into him," said Ron. He started toward the stairs, then looked back. "Janie, get out of here."


Chapter 49
It had been a long journey for Margaret, all these years, but she was back. Back in the Chamber of Wonders, where she belonged, with Joe. She was full, so full of thankfulness and love. Full of joy. All those things she had been missing as she flung herself at life like a bird against a windowpane. And now she had those things back, she would never give them up again.
Margaret saw Pete, leaping and bawling in his despair. He was so blind. What better place for that young girl to end her time on earth than here, at the place the Utes had called the Womb of the World? Melanie was home. Margaret knew it. She could feel her spirit pulse through the place. If Pete would only pause for just a moment, perhaps he could feel it too.
She saw Janie, denying her inheritance. Then she saw the cave collapse. At first, it was tragic. The world would never have its second Delphi. But then she realized it didn't really matter.
With a warm embrace, Joe met her there, at the center of it all, and she melted into him, into love, into life. Just in time. Or maybe it had always meant to be this way. Maybe she had all the time in the world. They were two eagles, talons gripped together, falling from the sky.
The chamber expanded, and then it collapsed, swallowing her whole. Her ego burned up. Her body disintegrated. The boundary between her and Joe blurred and then vanished. And she felt love, boundless love. The kind of love she had always wanted but had lacked as she waited, waited for Joe to be whole again. And now they were one with everything, together. And she realized that they had never been apart. It had only been illusion.


Chapter 50
Pete's daughter was trapped, still trapped, behind what was left of the stone wall. And every time he tried to pull her free, she seemed to come apart. He could feel the tearing.
Pete took up the hammer drill that Andrea had abandoned, wedged the shovel bit in a crack between two stones, turned off the safety and pulled the trigger.
"Don't worry, Sweetheart," he crooned. "I'll get you out. Just stay still."
He knew that she was dead. He knew that he had stopped making sense, but he still had to get her out. As though she were trapped in hell by accident and only he had the power to pull her up to heaven.
Pebbles rained down from the cracked ceiling. He paused in his work.
Ron arrived behind him, gasping, with his goddamned Hefty bags. Pete shook him off and continued to drill.
Then there was something like a whump. Pete paused.
Ron hauled him up and away as rocks rained from the ceiling. Pete fought him off and struggled back toward his daughter. Ron grabbed him around the waist and dragged him backward. They wrestled and Ron put himself between Pete and Mel's body.
Ron shouted, "She's already--"
And then the tunnel collapsed in earnest. And where, moments before, Ron had stood, there was only a pile of limestone.
Pete heard a deep boom that vibrated in his chest and throat. And even against his will, he was running away.


Chapter 51
Janie sat in her car, wanting to leave Long Shot and never return, yet curiously reluctant.
Sure, Ron had kicked her out. And it wasn't like she wanted to stay. She'd done her duty. She could go.
Janie uncurled her fingers to examine the gold nugget with bear-claw scratches that Aunt M had slipped into her hood with that awkward hug. It was probably worth a lot of money: money for dog food and propane and car repairs.
Was this the reason Aunt M had lured her into the cave? This stupid bear?
With a shiver of disgust, she plopped it into the ashtray among the spare fuses and Canadian pennies and gum wrappers, and shut the tray so she wouldn't see it.
Ka-boom!
Janie leapt from her car and goggled around her. The mountain burped. The air filled with dust. Trees swayed. A rock bounced down the hillside, coming to rest at Janie's feet. The building looked fine at first. Then a tendril of smoke issued from the roof.
All she could think of was Pete, down in the cave with his dead daughter.


Chapter 52
A yellow Tercel screeched to a halt next to Janie as she ran into the street.
Roxy's boyfriend Charlie flung open his car door and pelted straight for the darkened lobby. Janie followed. A blur of grey fur came out of the darkness going in the opposite direction and shot between Janie's legs. Janie was pretty sure it was a pack rat. 
Janie and Charlie took the stairs to the ballroom two at a time. Through a haze of smoke, Janie spotted Andrea, descending from the third floor on wobbly legs. She was covered in soot, her hair frizzy and singed. She gripped the railing with both hands and stopped every few steps to gasp and cough.
Janie ran to help her but Andrea batted her away.
Charlie pushed past Janie.
Janie shrank aside as Charlie swept Andrea into his arms and carried her down. It would have been chivalrous if Andrea hadn't fought him the whole way.
In the lobby, Andrea squirmed out of Charlie's grasp and stumbled outside to her car, where she leaned on the hood hacking and trembling. Janie stood by, helplessly.
"Where's Roxy?" Charlie asked Andrea.
"And Pete and your dad," Janie added. 
Andrea pointed toward the ground and launched into another fit of coughing.
The volunteer fire department showed up, sirens blaring. A guy in a Jeep. Five guys in a battered tanker truck, still pulling up their Nomex pants. The gapers at the casino across the street cheered at their arrival.
Charlie ran over to the firefighters, gestured toward the building and shouted. The guy from the Jeep kept shaking his head. Just like the sheriffs, the fire fighters were afraid to enter the building.
Charlie looked back Janie's way, a plea in his eyes.
So much for sanity. So much for not getting involved. Janie sighed and waved Charlie over, then led him into the smoldering building.
It was dark. The electricity was out. Coughing from the smoke, Janie motioned Charlie to follow her. They clattered through the lobby to the kitchen, then past the abandoned sinks and pantries. At the back of the kitchen, a thick steel door stood ajar.
Gingerly, Janie swung the door the rest of the way open, peered down into a dim stairway.
"That way," she said. The odor assaulted her. The exact smell of fear.
Charlie didn't move.
She glanced at his face, his eyebrows drawn together in concentration. No, that wasn't concentration. That was terror.
She stroked his gorgeous, muscular back. She didn't really need to touch him, but she was only human.
Charlie snapped out of it.
He stuffed his hand into his front pocket, brought out his cell phone. When he touched the screen, it bathed the dark stairway in bluish light.
Down, they went.
In the basement hallway, the vault door stood open.
They crept through the airlock and into the empty cavern. Charlie's coughs echoed. Water dripped. 
Janie stooped to pick up the security guard's stolen gun with two fingers.
Charlie turned. "What are you doing?"
"It's a gun."
"I noticed."
"Somebody could step on it and get hurt." She tossed it out of the way. It clacked into the far wall. Bang! Janie and Charlie both jumped.
"Jesus!" he said. "Would you just chill?"
"I am chill," she said. She was at least as chill as he was. 
He quaked with fear. The light from his phone bounced all over the cave walls.
Janie plopped to her stomach and squirmed through the slot toward the rest of the cave. Charlie followed.
On the other side, shattered limestone boulders blocked the tunnel completely. Rubble filled the Crypt below them. They could go no farther.
Charlie had to do his own inspection, of course, while Janie gave impatient explanations and rocked from foot to foot. He seemed to be operating in slow motion. Even his speech was slow. If they didn't leave soon, the same thing would happen to her. She could feel it, like rising water.
A stone the size of a toaster plummeted from the ceiling and slammed to the floor beside her. That was her signal.
"Let's go!" she barked.
She wormed back through the slot, screaming motivational profanity.
Smoke swirled past as she ran through the basement. Her eyes watered. Smoke crushed her lungs.
Panicked, she sprinted up and through the kitchen to the lobby, then out to the street. Charlie knocked past her on the home stretch.
Before they'd even caught their breath, Andrea was reprimanding them. The gist was, Andrea had a plan and they had just run off and left her with nobody to boss around. Good to see she was back to her old self.
Then, Aunt M's artist friend Gary drove up looking crazed and babbling about Aunt M's sensitive nature and how she needed someone strong to show her how to love herself.
Next thing Janie knew, they were all headed for the secret entrance up on the mountainside.
Andrea said, "We have to move fast before there are any more collapses."
Janie raised her head to say, "How are we going to rescue anybody from the upper entrance?" It was a stupid plan, as far as she could see. The two parts of the cave had just been severed by rockfall.
They all ignored her. Maybe they knew something Janie didn't. Plus, it was better to do something pointless than to stand around doing nothing, she guessed.
Gary and Charlie sprinted for their vehicles. They drove off without her.
Janie slipped into Andrea's station wagon as Andrea rummaged in the cargo area for a headlamp.
As Andrea started the car, she glanced over at Janie, probably debating whether to make her walk. Janie sat straight and stared through the windshield, cheeks burning.
"Fine," said Andrea, rolling her eyes.


Chapter 53
When Andrea jerked to a stop at the pullout above timberline, the two men were already jogging uphill, each carrying a tool box.
Gary the artist shouted back, "Bring that red case, too!"
Andrea heaved it out of the back of his truck. Janie grabbed the handle from the other side, and the two of them struggled uphill, tool case between them.
As they approached, Janie realized with a start that a third man had joined Charlie and Gary at the cave's mouth. He wore a bathrobe, fluttering in the mountain breeze. Jeff.
Gary kneeled at the grate, already welding. Or unwelding. He tossed aside a dangerous looking chrome flower, which set the dry grass smoldering. Janie stomped out the fire.
Janie turned on Jeff. "What are you doing here? I thought you ran away." 
"Well I didn't."
"Either did I," said Janie.
"Wait a minute," Andrea said. "How are we going to get to them from here? The only way to reach them is through the Corkscrew and the Crypt, and the Crypt is full of rockfall."
"Exactly!" said Janie.
"No," said Jeff. " I'm going down the shaft, not the Corkscrew tunnel." 
"How?"
"Still working on that part."
Charlie jumped up, said, "I have a rope!" and ran off.
Janie glared at Jeff.
Gary stashed his tools, swung the grate open and pointed. "Do not touch this part here. It will barbeque your hand."
Charlie came running with a backpack.
One-by-one, they lowered themselves through the bars.
Gary steadied himself on a tool box, trying to get his legs under him.
"I'll be there in a minute," he called. It didn't look like he was going anywhere.
By the time Janie crept to the edge of the shaft where Roxy had almost died, Charlie was drilling into the cave wall. Jeff shouted over the drone and rattle of the drill. At first, Janie ignored him, then she realized he was explaining the cave layout.
"Luckily, it's been dry the past couple of weeks, so the water is probably pretty low, but I'm still going to have to do some swimming," he said, as Charlie showed Janie how to screw hangers and nuts onto the bolts he'd inserted.
Charlie lifted a cluster of clanking gear and a rope out of his pack.
"So you just carry this stuff around?" Andrea asked Charlie.
"He's a rock climber," Janie answered for him, happy to be a step ahead of Andrea for a change.
"The thing is," Charlie mumbled, sorting gear into piles, "I don't swim."
"Actually, swimming might not even help. It'll probably be more like a waterslide. Or a drain," Jeff added, helpfully. "But you can stay up here and mind the rope."
"Is this some sort of suicide plan you've got?" Janie blurted.
Charlie and Andrea looked from Janie to Jeff.
He didn't reply.
"You're on your own," said Janie.
"That's about what I'd expect from you."
Janie seethed. He was such an asshole.
Charlie helped Jeff into a harness made of nylon webbing. Jeff sucked in his gut while Charlie tried to thread the belt through the buckle to fasten it.
"This isn't going to work," Charlie said. "It's too small. Take it off and I'll see if I can rig something else..." He sounded doubtful.
Andrea spoke, "I'll do it."
"Do you know how to rappel?"
"You can show me." Her voice shook.
"Me too," Janie piped up. No! No! No! She really had to stop volunteering for stuff.
Moments later Janie was strapped in and Charlie was lowering her over the edge. Why did these things always happen to her? She bumped and scraped down a rock wall, tumbled off the ledge where Roxy had landed weeks ago, then descended through clear air as pebbles and dirt rained down on her. Charlie had strapped a helmet with a headlamp on her head. It fell down over one eye. Pebbles clattered off the helmet and smacked into her shoulders and arms. Janie hugged herself and winced.
When her feet hit water, she yelped, then yelled, "Stop! Stop!" but she was up to her waist before her descent halted. She sobbed and thrashed around as a current carried her sideways and occasionally dunked her. Then one of her toes grazed the bottom.
Janie shone her headlamp on the walls of the shaft. Water drained away through a sloped passage to the side. It also tugged at her from below. It didn't look too bad, Janie told herself. Who was she fooling? It looked terrifying.
"What do you see?" Charlie called down.
"A scary drain."
She half-paddled, half-walked around until she found a place she could stand. Keeping a one handed death grip on a horn of rock, she struggled out of the harness. Charlie pulled it up with the rope.
Andrea descended a few minutes later, yelping as pebbles rained on her. Janie still wore Charlie's helmet. Thok, thok went the rocks on the helmet. Ploink, they dropped into the water around her. A big one bruised her collar bone.
As Andrea spiraled toward the water, Janie reached out to steady her. Janie took a flailing foot to the face.
The hail of rocks slowed as Andrea hit the water.
"Crap, that's cold," said Andrea.
Janie had been too scared to notice, but it explained why she was shaking so much. Well, that and the terror.
Janie helped Andrea out of the harness.
"I'll stay here to bring you up," Charlie's voice echoed. "But hurry up. It's raining."
"What does that have to do with anything?" Janie asked Andrea.
Andrea ignored her (big surprise there), and started moving faster.
Andrea and Janie peered into the narrow, water-worn chute that sloped down, then curved away. Jeff's "waterslide". Gulp.
They argued about who should go first. Actually, they didn't exactly argue. It was more like they each pretended to be polite by allowing the other to go first. Janie won, or lost (depending on your point of view), and she ended up going first.
"Because you're so much braver," said Andrea.
Was that sarcasm?
Janie stuck her legs in the hole. Sat at the lip. A couple of inches of water slipped past her in a constant stream. Before she lost her nerve, she started easing herself down, slowing her progress with her hands.
Behind her, Andrea yelped. When Janie turned to look, Andrea was gone.
"Andrea? Andrea?" Janie couldn't hear anything but rushing water and muffled yelling from Charlie. Panicking, she tried to pull herself back up to where Andrea disappeared, but it was too slippery and she couldn't get foot holds. She lost her grip and shot down the waterslide on her back, spine grinding against rock.
"AAAaargh!" A mouthful of water cut off her scream.
She had a brief impression of wavy limestone in flashes of light from the headlamp before she brought her slide to a halt, arms and legs splayed. Just below her was a drop-off. Janie crab walked down a few feet, peered over the edge.
Across the way and twenty feet below, an underground waterfall thundered into a shallow pool that drained away through the rocks. Andrea lay in the water, motionless. As Janie watched, Andrea raised herself on her elbows and feebly dragged herself toward the edge. Janie forgot about her own predicament. Somehow, she scrambled down, and in a flash she was there, squatting next to Andrea.
Andrea's headlamp lay on the ground nearby. Janie estimated she had free-fallen about thirty feet.
"We're fucked. We're so fucked. We're so fucking fucked," Janie muttered as she checked Andrea over. "What hurts, Andrea?"
"Everything."
"Okay. That's okay," Janie lied. "We'll just have to figure out how to get out of here."
"Yeah, right," Andrea choked.
Janie settled Andrea on dry ground, then hovered awkwardly. What to do next?
"I'm gonna go look around," Janie called over the roar of the waterfall. "Just stay here for a sec."
Andrea groaned.
"I'll be right back. I promise."
"You know the water is rising?" Andrea said at last.
"What?" Janie bent to hear better.
"Because of the rain."
Janie looked up. The waterfall did look bigger and water lapped at Andrea's feet. "So you think--"
Andrea gave her the Screw You stare.
"Why do you hate me so much?"
"Do you really want to drown, Janie? We need to get out of here."
"How, Andrea?" Janie mimicked her sarcastic tone. "How are you gonna climb back up, huh?"
Andrea sat shivering on the ground while Janie prowled around, stumbling on silt-covered rocks.
She got on her knees, stuck her head in a narrow fissure. The helmet fell over her eyes and scraped against the walls, so she tore it off and tightened the headlamp onto her bare head. Janie glanced back at Andrea. She'd just check it out real quick, she told herself, and crawled in.
The roar of the water receded, replaced by the sound of her own breath and the beat of her heart. Just around the next corner, she kept telling herself. Then, I'll go back to Andrea.
Time did strange things. Sped up, slowed down, spiraled, maybe even U-turned.
The ceiling rose and she found herself walking upright. Andrea would be waiting for her. She knew that, but she couldn't make herself turn around. Then she came to a dead end where rubble plugged the tunnel, floor to ceiling. Janie halted, stunned and shivering.
Maybe there was some other passage. Maybe she'd missed a turnoff. This couldn't all be for nothing, could it? She'd felt so…driven to come this way.


Chapter 54
After Ron disappeared under a heap of rubble and Pete found himself running away, Pete ran smack into Roxy in the passage.
She bounced off his belly and threw herself forward again, rushing, rushing deeper into the cave.
"What the fuck are you doing?" He made a grab for her but missed. 
Only then did she seem to see him.
"Are you effing out of your mind?"
"You can't stop me!" she shouted, as she bounded into the darkness. She only wore one shoe. It didn't seem to slow her down.
"Fine. You go then. Just go," he muttered.
He should chase after her. Save her. Or not. He whirled around, took one step toward the exit, and the wall ahead of him collapsed. It almost seemed to swoon at his feet.
He stood, stunned. If he hadn't stopped for Roxy, maybe he would have made it out. Or maybe he'd be dead.
Dead or not, Jeff was trapped underground, thousands of tons of rock between him and fresh air. And because he'd made a hash of his life, no one would care too much. 
It was a proper punishment for his haphazard parenting, for not paying attention. He should have protected Mel, known where to search for her. He should have torn down the wall and brought her home alive. A vision of her dying alone and scared flashed before his eyes, over and over.
"There must be another way," said Roxy.
Pete realized she was hunkered down next to him, talking. How long had she been there, he wondered?
She prattled on about her big plans. Complicated plans. She didn't seem to get that it was hopeless. She tugged on his arm, yelled in his face. Then she went away.
Pete heard echoes of clattering rock, cursing, the spill of pebbles. Why all the activity, he wondered? Where did she get the energy? And wasn't the exit by him, not way back there in the tunnel where his daughter and Ron had vanished under a pile of rubble?
He felt Roxy near him again.
We're going to make it!" she exclaimed. "Only a couple of tons to go!"
"You're digging in the wrong effing place, Roxy. Not that it matters."
"Don't you want to be as one with the universe?"
"Effing hell."
"Even if you don't want to, you could help me. I'm running out of time, and you look bored."
Pete opened his eyes. She held his flashlight. She was coated in dirt and blood. Her clothes were torn. Her hair hung in ropes.
Pete glowered at her until she went away. Then, as he sat there, he realized he might as well kill time until he died.
He straightened his aching knees and hobbled after Roxy.
The ground trembled. He heard rockfall.
Roxy shouted, "No, no, no!"
Pete forgot his pain, his stiffness, threw off the last of his self-pity and ran toward the noise. He stopped only to scoop up the discarded flashlight, still shining brightly. As he approached, Roxy's shadowed form stumbled away and into a hail of falling stones. Screaming, she dove onto a heap of debris and squirmed deeper, deeper into the devastation. It was Melanie all over again. Hands to his head, Pete danced from foot to foot, aching to run after her and pull her back, knowing it would be suicide.
Pummeled by stones, still, she kept moving, inching away from him, until all he could see of her was her bloody bare foot. A second later, that was gone. The hail of stones paused. He heard her muffled shout: "Yes!" And then, "Nooo!"
A slab the size of a kitchen table crashed to the top of the debris pile. When the rockfall finally ran its course Pete crept forward and gingerly pawed at the rubble, trying not to set off another collapse.
She was gone.
"Oh, oh, oh," he said, over and over.
And then Pete heard something. He held his breath and stood stock still. He heard it again. Muffled yelling: "Roxy? Pete?"
"Hello? In here." He trotted back along the wall, stopped and swept his flashlight beam over a crevice he'd never seen before. A big crack, created by the latest tremor. Dust escaped into it.
He leaned in, heard coughing. Janie's voice said, "Thank God."


Chapter 55
As Janie led Pete back through the labyrinth of tunnels toward the waterfall, that muffled, befuddled feeling melted away from her.
Pete had told her the sad news about Ron and Roxy, and they were both subdued. Nevertheless, Janie felt a tiny spark of hope. She had found Pete, and she knew the way back to Andrea. They just had to squeeze through that narrow fissure to the waterfall, then…well, they'd figure it out when they got there.
But as they lay on their stomachs and Janie got another look at the narrow fissure, she realized they might have a problem. While Janie had been able to wriggle through earlier that day without too much trouble, Pete outweighed her by almost a hundred pounds.
Pete groaned, stuck his flashlight in the hole and panned it over the lumpy walls and ceiling.
"Turn around," he barked.
Janie looked away while Pete stripped to his boxers. When she looked back, he had already wormed in head-first. 
Twenty minutes later he was stuck like a cork. Janie stared at the walls, listening to him curse, and wondered whether she was doomed to end her days trapped underground by Pete's pink, hairy body. Then the flow of expletives stopped. A moment later, she heard a muffled hoot.
His voice carried through the gap. "I made it! Effing hell!"
By the time Janie stumbled upright in the calf-deep water at the base of the waterfall, spluttering and gasping, the landscape had changed dramatically. Rising water had rushed into the fissure as she wriggled through, flooding it. There was no going back.
Andrea slumped on a boulder surrounded by water. Spray from the waterfall filled the air. Pete gestured at the waterfall. Andrea pointed to the "waterslide" Janie had tumbled down hours before. 
Pete shouted over the roar. He'd give Janie a boost, he said. She would climb up the waterslide and get help.
Janie shook her head.
Pete reared on her. Janie tried to step back, tripped, fell up to her neck in cold water.
"What's with you?"
"I just don't see the point," Janie yelled as she scrambled upright, shivering. "It's not going to work. Let's say I do manage to climb all the way up, I'm still going to be at the bottom of a shaft. And then what?"
"Then I effing punch your lights out for being a pain in the ass."
She must have misheard him. Or maybe not. This was Pete she was talking to.
He said, "You're telling me you've come this far, and you're not willing to try because it might not work? You think we're better off drowning?"
"Why don't you do it?"
"Sure. Give me a boost."
As if. He must have weighed two hundred pounds. Maybe two-twenty. Janie rolled her eyes. Why was it always her? She glanced toward Andrea, a blood-stained ghost. Janie felt a low, panicked hum in her throat. "Fine. But it's not going to work."
Pete squatted down and Janie clambered onto his back. He straightened up as she held onto the rock wall for balance.
She got one foot on his bare shoulder, trembling, then the other. Ran her fingers over the rock, feeling for hand holds. Pete sagged and wobbled as she slowly, slowly stood straight. Pete grunted and grumbled. Her whole body shook in spasms of fear. Her fingertips just barely reached to the lip of the hole. It was time to leave Pete's shoulders. But what if she peeled off and tumbled over backward? Her breath came in short gasps. Pete shook, too. They were a trembling tower of humanity.
"Aargh!"
She crouched down and grabbed him by the forehead as she tipped over backward. He barked a curse, stumbled. She slithered down and splashed into the icy water. He tripped and fell on top of her. That was graceful. They should try out for Cirque du Soleil.
Now, the water was to Janie's hips.
Janie and Pete faced each other, panting. Then Pete turned back to the wall. Janie took a deep breath, clambered up on his back again, stood on his shoulders, wobbling. Janie reached for the lip, wrapped her fingers around a sharp edge that she hadn't noticed before. Before she could talk herself out of it, she swung up a leg, hooked her heel on a ledge, scrambled onto her knees.
Half elated, half terrified, she peered upward, and in the yellowish beam of her headlamp, she saw a winding, narrow chute. Water poured on her helmet and scoured her eyes. Shit. Now came the hard part. She straightened gingerly, reached up and ran her hands over the slimy walls. Nothing. Slick as snot. Janie closed her eyes and imagined she was someplace else. Back at home with Lacey. Sitting on the sofa. Watching home improvement shows. The panic subsided.
Then, before common sense got ahold of her, she started clawing her way upward.
Something draped down the shaft, water running over it in a torrent. Janie squinted. It was Charlie's climbing rope.
A plan started to form in Janie's head: grab the rope, haul herself up, scream for help. It could work, if she could only reach the rope.
Janie's legs trembled with exhaustion and her fingers had frozen into claws. If she didn't move soon, she'd fall no matter what. She lunged for the tail of the rope, her fingers closed around it, then she fell. And fell. The plan was not panning out. She cannonballed into the pool at the base of the waterfall. Icy water embraced her. The back of her head crunched into something hard. Upward, she floated. Her face broke through the surface of the water. As she sipped a tiny taste of air, the rope snaked down and slapped her in the face.
She heard shouting. A blurry figure made its way toward her.
Janie started to sink again, and as she drifted down and the roar filled her ears, she thought of the upside-down topsy-turvy. Maybe she would go there. Maybe it would be groovy. She started to giggle and it made bubbles that tickled her eyelids.
Aunt M's voice jeered and wailed in the receding roar: "All this time. All this work. And you throw it away?"

Silence. 
Janie shivered. Something dug into her back. Her head pounded. Everything hurt. Janie inventoried her body. No, there was a spot on her shoulder that didn't feel too bad. Kind of warmer than the rest of her. She fought to get her eyelids open.
"This is bullshit," she mumbled.
The warm spot left her shoulder. A moment later, a dull glow illuminated the cave. Then the warm spot was back.
"Janie? It's me, Pete." He shook her gently.
She took that in. "Where's Aunt M?"
"She's not here, Janie. Remember? The cave collapsed."
"I was just talking to her."
Pete patted Janie's shoulder.
"Do you think it was a dream?" she asked at last.
He took a shaky breath and shrugged.
"Aunt M said I don't have to die. That bliss is always there, everywhere."
He clicked off the headlamp.
"Do you think that's true, Pete? 'Cause I don't feel like it's true."
He said, "Do you think you can swim a little?"
Jesus, it was never ending. "I already swam."
"You need to try," Pete said quietly. "The water is still rising."
A thought occurred to Janie: "Where's Andrea?"
"She swam out, under water."
"And you stayed with me?"
"It's a small crack and I'm a big guy."
He turned on his headlamp again. Shined it below them. The cavern was filled wall-to-wall with black water. Somehow, he had dragged her up on a ledge. Water lapped at their feet.
Janie pulled herself upright. The jagged ceiling grazed the top of her head.
The waterfall and the waterslide had vanished under the surface.
Janie drew in a sharp breath. How long had she been unconscious?
"I wouldn't even know which way to go."
Pete aimed the light at a hank of orange rope wrapped around a horn of stone.
"You just follow the rope, and there's kind of a current. It pulls you through where I got stuck earlier."
"And how do you know it's any better on the other side? Did Andrea come back and tell you so?"
He shrugged again.
"So she might have drowned, then?"
"I've been thinking about this for awhile," he said. "You have to try."
He handed her the headlamp.
But she didn't want to go. Not with Pete's hand on her shoulder, the rumble of his voice nearby.
"I'm not going unless you go," she said.
So it was that they plunged back into the frigid water, each took a painful last breath of air, and dove under.
Janie followed the rope, hand over hand, down, down, through water as thick as Jell-O. Her body begged for air. Her head spun. The current picked her up. She lost her grip on the rope and plunged forward. The pressure crushed her ear drums. The darkness was total.
The current sucked her into a hole, raked her against the walls while the world sparkled and popped, then suddenly she was free, drifting to the surface. 
She brought a leaden arm out of the water and flailed for something solid while she gasped and choked. Her lungs felt full of sand. Her mind told her there was something wrong. She had to do something.
Oh, God, Pete! She tried to shout his name. It came out a mewling little kitten cry.
She took several deep, gurgling breaths, then dove back into the current, fought against it to the source, reached out and brushed something: Pete's hand?
She came up for air. Only time for one big breath, then she dove and kicked and fought and found that hand again and pulled with everything she had, with strength she didn't know she had, and she felt as if the rock, the current, the gravity of the earth pulled with her, and suddenly she was above water again, hacking and wheezing and whimpering Pete's name as she shook him and hammered at his chest. Under her hands, he heaved and spewed water. Then he coughed, and it was the most beautiful sound she had ever heard.
She patted down her pockets, brought out the headlamp he'd given her, flicked it on to illuminate a familiar passage. They'd made it through.
Like zombies, they staggered through the tunnel. Where the tunnel dead-ended near the Crypt they found Andrea, curled in a ball on the floor. Together, Janie and Pete rolled boulders aside and scooped shattered rock, digging down into the Crypt.
By the time their last light faded to nothing, they had cleared an opening. Janie wriggled in, and on the other side, she heard scraping and falling pebbles.
"Help," she whimpered, and started to cry. The scraping sound paused. 
"Gaaa!" she sobbed. Well, it wasn't a word, but at least it was loud.
Then there was a flurry of scraping and pebbles, and ahead she saw a light.
Janie wriggled toward the light, through the corkscrew crevice that she and Roxy had fallen out of that day so long ago. Helping hands dragged her up, up to the fresh mountain air.

Back above ground, near the cave's upper entrance, Janie sprawled on wet grass under the starry sky. An icy wind whooshed around the valley, but where she lay, it just barely nipped at her runny nose.
Next came Pete, then Andrea. They huddled together in the cold as Gary the artist and Jeff spoke in low, urgent voices. It turned out Roxy was still alive, but she was in bad shape. Down below, Charlie struggled to remove her from the cave.
An ambulance rocked and creaked up the rutted road, lights flashing and sirens off.
Andrea cried silently next to Janie. She could hear the sniffles, could feel her shuddering breaths where their elbows touched. Janie put a gentle hand on her shoulder. Andrea flinched away. Janie wracked her brain for words of comfort.
"I'm sorry," she said at last.
"What for?"
"About your dad." About Mel and Roxy and Aunt M. About all of their suffering and what a shitty place the world was. All of it. But mostly she was sorry about Ron Essing.
"It's not your fault," Andrea choked.
"It's just what people say."
Most people. But not Aunt M. Aunt M had talked big about the void, about celebrating death rather than being sad. She had wanted to go to that happy place, and maybe Aunt M had finally got what she wanted. Maybe. But the cost to the rest of them had been huge.
Suddenly, a paramedic was at Janie's side, checking her over. He wanted to bandage her up. He wanted to take her to the hospital. She shook him off.
Andrea's mother, Nancy Essing, arrived, puffing uphill, wrapped Andrea in her arms and rocked her back and forth. Mrs. Essing asked after Aunt M, wanted to know whether Janie was okay, put a warm hand on Janie's shoulder. Here she was, comforting Janie, when by all accounts her husband was dead.
Then Janie remembered something that hadn't made sense when she and Roxy had explored the cave for the first time: "Roxy knew," she whispered to herself.
Janie remembered how Roxy had wanted to tear down the rock wall, had wanted a jackhammer. Roxy had been ranting, something about someone being trapped, and Janie had blown her off. Perhaps, if Janie hadn't been so closed-minded, she could have prevented some of this destruction, some of this heartache. Perhaps.
"I'm sorry," Janie said again. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so, so sorry."


Chapter 56
The sky was the piss yellow of dawn when Nancy Essing dropped Janie off at her Taurus in the parking lot next to Long Shot, Inc. The air smelled of ash.
Firemen sprayed the woods behind the building. The sheriff loitered next to his SUV. The crowd outside the casino was liquored up and rowdy: oblivious, all of them, to the real drama.
"Are you sure you're okay?" said Mrs. Essing.
"Yup."
"You really shouldn't be alone."
"I'm fine. You've been really nice, but you should take care of Andrea."
Andrea had gone to the hospital in an ambulance, sitting bolt upright on the stretcher. Her leg was probably broken.
Every inch of Janie's body ached as she climbed out of Mrs. Essing's car and hobbled to her own. Janie fell into the driver's seat, reached for her purse on the passenger seat to dig out the keys, then slumped back in her seat, exhausted.
I should be dead, she thought. She felt a million years old.
In the mirror, she watched Andrea 's mother leave for the hospital in Boulder, then she leaned forward and opened the ash tray. The suggestion of an eye peered up at her: The Golden bear. The Family Treasure. The Curse.
She slammed it shut again and turned the ignition. The car hiccupped to life, and Janie drove back to her dog, her home. Yes, she was alive, but she didn't feel like it.


Chapter 57
A month later, Janie stood in the snow by the cave's upper entrance, breathing deeply to get her courage up. The air was icy and clean. No hint of that peculiar dirty cookies odor that used to muddle her mind and slow her step. Still, she had to force herself to climb down through the bars into the cavern. It was awkward in her winter boots. Her fleece mittens froze to the rock.
This time, she'd brought a huge flashlight to light her way, but as she forced herself to put one foot in front of the other, everything outside of its sunny glow seemed foreign and threatening.
As she neared the shaft, she stopped and pulled the Golden Bear out of her jacket pocket. She had planned to have a ceremony, to think profound thoughts, to heal, to say goodbye to Aunt M and Ron and the girl she'd never known who had been Pete's daughter, to wish them well in the world beyond.
But all of that flew out of her head when she crept to the edge of the shaft. Icicles like giant teeth lined its mouth. Janie lost her footing on the thin sheen of ice and nearly fell. Her heart raced as she imagined skidding over the edge and tumbling to her death. No one knew she was there. No one would even look for her for months. 
In two weeks, she'd only had one phone call. A wrong number, probably. A man's voice had said "Sorry," and then he'd hung up. Janie had tried to find meaning in that. Was it George, apologizing for the end of their little affair? Was it Pete, too shy to talk? Maybe her dad, trying to reach her from behind the veil?
Or was it just some person, some random person, who'd misdialed and had no idea he'd been the highlight of Janie's week?
Janie took one last glance at the bear and pitched it into the abyss. It clacked off the ice and clattered down the shaft. Then she fled.


Chapter 58
The atmosphere was almost carnival. A young woman sold kettle corn from a cart. Parents restrained excited children by their hands. Roxy and Charlie's friends tore open a 12-pack of Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Roxy was there in a wheelchair, looking pale and a little confused. Charlie bent to tuck her blanket around her legs. Janie tried not to stare. People seemed to think Roxy would recover completely. Janie wasn't so sure. Roxy's bounce was gone.
Even though Janie should have been at the center of it all on this day, she felt an invisible wall between her and the rest of humanity. It wasn't supposed to feel that way, was it?
Lacey bucked in surprise when she saw Pete, then galloped forward, tail pumping so hard she skittered sideways.
Unlike Lacey, Janie had suspected she might run into him here. She realized she'd kind of been looking forward to it. Part of her had hoped: a dull hope, not a shiny optimistic hope.
Pete bent down to fondle Lacey's ears, then strolled up, grinning. Actually grinning!
"I was hoping I'd see you here," he said.
Her mouth melted into a matching grin.
"Me too," she blurted. Oh, crap. Now her eyes were welling up. Why? Why?
"How's your, ah, Jeff?" she asked.
"Dad is good. I'm in the septic business now. You know, port-o-potties. He helps with that. And he sold a couple of sculptures. People seem to like them."
Lacey pawed him in the thigh and he bent down to scratch her again.
Janie gazed through the chain link fence at the abandoned building, the soot stains, the broken windows, the worn sandstone. The road was blocked off and the casino was closed for the day.
Janie glanced at her watch. Any second now. She scanned the street to make sure everyone was out of the way.
Roxy's friends started a countdown.
Pete reached over and slowly, carefully, rested his hand on her shoulder.
BOOM!
Lacey yelped and cowered into Janie's knees.
Another boom, and the ruins of the old Long Shot Hotel crumbled inward in slow-motion.
Pete gave her a quick squeeze. She couldn't take her eyes off the hotel. She'd stopped breathing.
In a matter of seconds, it was over. Around them, people were cheering and whistling. 
"Awesome!" said one of the beer drinkers. They clinked their cans together.
"Woohoo!" One last, tardy shout.
A cloud of sulfurous dust roiled their way, enveloped the spectators, the casino, blanked out the mountainside for a moment. Then people were folding up their lawn chairs, walking away, starting their cars.
Still, Janie lingered, eyes locked on the pile of rubble where the hotel had just stood, feeling the luxury of Pete's hand on her shoulder, Lacey's warm flank pressed against her legs. What was next, she wondered? Money wasn't a problem, thanks to Aunt M, but now that it was all over, she had to decide what she wanted to do with her life, and that was such a lonely feeling.
Pete leaned into her field of vision, scowling. It was the friendly scowl, not the angry one.
"I hear you're going to college in the fall."
She shrugged.
"Well, maybe you could come around on weekends, spend some time with us…We could fight like a real family."
She snorted, turned her head away, and when she was sure she wouldn't cry, she mumbled, "That would be good."
###


If you've enjoyed this book, please consider reviewing it online!

Also by Jennifer Erickson:
What I Dreamt Last Night

