

I Had a Dream About Flying
Anna O’Hare

Copyright 2010 by Anna O’Hare
Smashwords Edition

Chapter One

I had a dream about flying.

Carlos Rafael Wilson went to work as usual on Thursday morning. On American TV shows, they always picture the star getting up, walking down a sunlit street, picking up a coffee (no queue, skinny latte please, oh my God, this is nice), then striding confidently into the new world. Carlos didn’t. He just took the old vanilla cheesecake off his driver’s seat, got into his car and drove out of the town, passed the fire station and to the allotment on top of the hill, miles from anywhere, to continue with the job he’d got when he was sixteen. He was now thirty three. He wore the same clothes he had worn when he was sixteen: faded shirt, black zipper jacket that was shiny at the elbows, black trousers and scuffed brogues. He still had dirt under his nails.
As he drove, a young man sat in the seat beside him. He was about eighteen or nineteen and, as far as Carlos could make out, completely imaginary [1]. He wasn’t sure whose imagination was constructing him though; it certainly wasn’t his. He’d tried getting rid of him on several occasions, only to discover him on the street corner or at the bottom of the garden or, more than once, hiding under his bed.
That Thursday when he got into the car and saw him sitting there, he sighed and wiped a hand across his face. 
“Hey there, cowboy,” the teenager said. He was dressed in a leather jacket and had his hair quiffed like Elvis. “Let’s see how fast this baby can do.”
He tapped the dashboard.
“Why are you dressed like that?” Carlos asked and started the engine.
“It’s my Ted look,” the boy said and pulled on his leather lapels. “Pretty fifties, eh?”
Carlos made no answer.
“In the fifties, I worked as a bicycle repair man in Brighton,” the boy said.
“No you didn’t.”
“I did. Look it up, my name was Charles De Vanne. Everyone will remember me.”
Carlos just drove the car. The boy lit up a cigarette and blew smoke into the roof.
“Don’t do that,” Carlos said and opened the window. “I can’t breathe.”
“Say, Please, Michelangelo.”
“I’m not calling you that. And I won’t say please, it’s my car.”
“Suit yourself. You’re looking sick today, my associate.”
He blew more smoke into the air. Carlos ignored him.
He pulled his car into the allotment. It was covered in shabby weeds and old gravel. For a few seconds, Carlos sat in his car, staring out at the main road, which winked in the sunshine. A blazing red fire engine went passed in a whir of red and silver. Above, in the sky, two or three hot air balloons loomed out of the morning haze, their brightly coloured skins dulled in the dawn light. Beside him, Michelangelo stubbed his cigarette out on his thigh.
“Hey, Carlos!” they heard a muffled shout. “Carlos! You want a tea?”
Carlos scratched his head and got out of the car. It was warm outside. He looked across the allotment to the hut. This acted as a manager’s office, a staff room, a windshield and a locker. He nodded. His manager, through the open window, gave him the thumbs up and turned away.
“Can I have one?” Michelangelo said and shut his car door. “I am parched.”
Carlos ignored him. He picked his satchel off the back seat and shut his door.
“What?” Michelangelo shut his door as well and followed him across the allotment. The gravel crunched beneath his feet. “Smoking always makes me thirsty.”
“How are you today, Carlos?” his manager asked as Carlos ducked into the hut. It had just one room in it, no bigger than an ordinary sized en suite. There was a desk, a chair, a sink and a shelf filled with paper.
“Ok,” Carlos said. He hung his bag up behind the door. “You?”
“I suppose I’m ok. Did you take that lottery ticket to the counter like I told you to?”
“Yeah, I took it last week.”
“Dud?” the manager said and strained off the tea bag. “Ah well, I just think you should never leave them lying about, just in case.”
“No, it had five thousand pounds on it,” Carlos said.
“Five thousand pounds!” His manager turned to look at him and almost knocked over the cup. “Carlos! Why didn’t you say something!?”
“I didn’t think it was that much money,” Carlos said. He took the cup and put his sugar in.
“I’m staggered,” his manager said. “I’m amazed. I’ve never known anyone to win on that before. What did you spend it on?”
“Nothing,” Carlos said. He sipped his tea. “I put it in the bank.”
“You didn’t buy anything?”
“There’s nothing I want.” Carlos put his tea down [2].  “I might give it to Lauren actually. She bought me the ticket because she says I should take more chances. It was her pound that did it, she should have the winnings.”
“I’ll have it,” his manager said excitedly. “I told you to get it checked after all. My wife wants to go to Rome in the summer. I’ll spend it like that.” He snapped his fingers.
Carlos smiled. He had anticipated that request. Was it sincere or not?
“If Lauren says no, you can have it then,” he said.
His manager laughed.
“Was that sincere or not?” he said.
“You tell me,” Carlos replied and smiled.
His manager laughed loudly but Carlos could sense that it had suddenly become awkward. He sipped some more of his tea and his manager cleared his throat.
“For today,” he said, “can you check the MOT of the new Peugeot we had in before we go onto anything else?”
“The Peugeot 206 or 406?”
“We haven’t had a 206 in since 2004.”
“We got a 206 in on Tuesday,” Carlos said. He put his hands in his pockets and squinted.
“Are you sure?”
“Maybe I’m wrong,” Carlos said and turned away. “I’ll check the files,”
Michelangelo lounged in the doorway, a smile on his face. When Carlo pulled out the papers from the shelf and handed them over to his manager, he clapped his hands in triumph.
“Give him a slap for being stupid,” he said but Carlos ignored him.
When he had finished checking the MOT for the Peugeot 206 and, as a precaution, all the other cars lined up at the end of the allotment, he sat on the fence at the far end and gazed over the fields. Michelangelo sat beside him.
“He’s waving at you,” he said and nodded back to the hut.
“I know.”
“Aren’t you going to go and see what he wants?”
“I know what he wants.”
“How?”
“I just do. It’s ten fifteen. He’s having a break. He wants me to sit in there with him and talk to him about boxing or snooker or something.”
“And you hate boxing.”
“I don’t see the point in just talking.”
He folded his arms. A car raced passed on the road and a few bits of rubbish and leaves blew towards them. 
“I can see why you have so many friends,” Michelangelo said.
Carlos did nothing. When he had been sixteen, perhaps seventeen, maybe even eighteen as well, he had almost bought into society. Or he had almost bought into an aspect of it. He remembered those days now, like a movie reel in his mind, a montage of images in the eternal sunshine to the background music of Joy Division’s ‘Love Will Tear us Apart’ [3].  Back then, it had all been about him and his cousin Tom. Cousin didn’t seem the right word. It was beyond cousinhood, it was a friendship, a brotherhood, a connection of the minds. He’d once read in Proverbs that a friend is a friend at all times but adversary is why a brother is born. That’s how he felt about Tom. They’d done everything together since they were about two. Tom would play in the sandpit, Carlos would join him. Carlo would pedal his tricycle on the underpass, Tom would pedal his tricycle there as well. Tom skipped school, Carlos skipped school. Carlos passed years eleven with distinction, Tom passed with distinction. They were an item, a pair. At the age of sixteen or seventeen or whatever it was, fresh out of school that summer and with the world open to them, they had strutted about in blazers and with brogues on, with books of poetry and monumental literature under their arms. They were at home in quaint tea rooms, where old ladies swapped books with them and told stories about the war. They drank coffee in stylish bars, which overlooked the street. They lined up with all the other young men, to style their hair in front of the mirrors in bathrooms. Their houses were both cramped and full of clutter, shoes, clothes, coats, newspapers, plates, people but they were free on the streets of their town. They stood on top of the multi storey car park one evening and flew paper aeroplanes into the sun, talking about the rights of the world, the sky, the power. Tom bought a harmonica with the money he got from writing articles for the local paper. Why a harmonica? Why not? Neither of them could play but they sat on the wall on the estate and watched the children cycle passed and attempted to get some sound out of it. Carlos got quite good and even started cupping his hand around it for the best affect. Tom collected the money that was thrown at their feet.
When the song stopped and Carlos came to, Michelangelo had gone. His manager was prowling between the cars for sale, checking the dashboards and adjusting the prices. Carlos got up and wandered over to him. He didn’t fancy a chat but his senses told him that perhaps his manager was irked at being snubbed during break time. Damage control stated he should be polite now.
“Out tonight?” his manager asked and straightened up beside a Vauxhall Astra.
Carlos shook his head. 
“I’m running instead,” he said.
“Running, you part of a gym?” His manager leaned on the car and then stood up and buffed something off the bonnet.
“No, I just run six miles around the town,” Carlos said.
“Six miles.” The manager whistled. “I’m impressed.” He smiled. “Is that you done for the week then?” He laughed.
Protocol dictated that it was polite for Carlos to laugh as well. He did.
“No,” he said when that was over. “I run six miles every Tuesday and Thursday.”
“Blimey,” his manager said. “No wonder you don’t take your breaks.”
The phone rang from the hut. The manager turned to go and get it. Carlos flexed his fingers. Physically, athletically, he was at his peak. He sometimes felt that if a bull charged him down, he’d be able to face it off, using just the strength of his hands.
“Carlos!” his manager called from the hut. “It’s for you. Lauren!”
Carlos died a little inside [4]. He turned and began to walk slowly towards the hut. As a boy, he and Tom had loved fairytales; heroic stories, myths, legends, the hero, the heroine, the adventure. The number one rule of a good fairy story was that the knight in shining armour would defend the honour of his lady. Carlos, as an eight year old, hadn’t been able to wait for the day when he would meet his lady and be able to defend her honour. The reality, it turned out, was completely different.
“Hello, Lauren,” he said down the phone as his manager left the hut.
“Carlos!” Lauren said from down the line. “I’ve been ringing you all morning!” She sounded hysterical. “What’s been happening?”
“I don’t have my phone.” 
“Who doesn’t have their phone on them?” Lauren said. “What is the matter with you? That is such a bloke thing to do. How am I supposed to contact you if you keep leaving your phone at home?”
“Pardon?”
“I said, how am I supposed to contact you if you keep leaving your phone at home?”
“People in the fifties managed ok.”
“Pardon? I can’t hear you, I don’t have good signal.”
“I said, I knew you’d ring here if something was really troubling you. What’s up?”
“Don’t rely on me ringing you,” she said. “You ring me here.”
“I wouldn’t like to run up a phone bill for the business.”
“Then use the reverse charge number,” Lauren said. “I don’t care.
Carlos smiled to himself. Reverse charge number. Did that still exist? As kids, he and Tom had always been too afraid to use it because Tom’s brother, Haz, always rang his parents with it and then got in trouble because it was so expensive. Tom and he used to just walk home instead, or go into the library and try and use the phone there when the desk was unmanned.
“Oh Carlos, it’s just terrible.” Lauren let out a huge sigh. “I don’t know what to do.”
“What’s the problem?”
“I just feel so, so, so weak today.”
“Oh, right.”
“Do you know what I mean? Physically, mentally, just exhausted.”
“Not really,” Carlos said. “I always feel quite strong.”
“Not just physically, Carlos,” Lauren said sharply. “Mentally, emotionally. You know those days where you feel like your mind has had it, where you can’t face another day?”
“Hmm,” Carlos said and began drawing on a piece of paper.
“Carlos? Did you hear me? I said, those days where you feel like you’ve exhausted all your mental capacity.”
Carlos smiled.
“Carlos! Say something. I haven’t rung you up for a one sided conversation! Have some input.”
“Oh, yes,” Carlos said and kept drawing on the paper. “I know exactly what you mean.”
Beside him, Michelangelo pulled a face and then shook his head. Carlos waved him away [5]. 
“Carlos? Who’s there? Are you laughing? Carlos, what are you doing?”
“Nothing, no one,” Carlos said as Michelangelo climbed onto the desk. “Uh, Lauren, ok, what can I do to help?”
“Nothing Carlos.” Lauren sighed. “You can’t do anything.”
“Right, so, should I just go then?”
“For goodness sake, Carlos, if you even have to ask that there’s no point in continuing this conversation!”
Carlos paused. She hadn’t hung up, he could hear her breathing down the phone, ever so, ever so quietly. She was waiting for him to apologise.
“Ok, hope you feel better,” Carlos said and put the phone down.
Michelangelo laughed and patted Carlos on the back.
“Well handled,” he said. “She won’t be annoyed at all.”
“I don’t see why she is annoyed anyway,” Carlos said. “She has a house, an income, a car. She’s got more clothes than,” he waved his arm, “Vivienne Westwood. She should just calm down.”
He had been with Lauren for about three years now. She wanted to move in with him but he didn’t want to because he suspected he hated her. He was clever and quick enough to parry away all requests in that direction though. Lauren was the tragic female in the play; the one in the background who was always unlucky, who came to symbolise sympathy, sorrow, weakness, lack of joy, pity and fear. The one that the audience never really paid attention to; she was just a drab sheet, used to bulk out the message of the play and allow the hero to be thankful for the heroine. Carlos always thought he’d get the heroine of the play, the femme fatale, the one who symbolises female strength and dominance, creativity and intelligence. He couldn’t really believe Lauren was it.
“So you don’t love her,” Michelangelo said. Carlos looked at him. “News flash,” Michelangelo said and laughed. “Why are you even with her? She’s just another burden in your life: job, money, house, food, clothes, me,” he winked, “and her. She adds nothing to your life but weight. Just something else for you to have to care about.”
“I know,” Carlos said. “I always knew that. But no one else will have me. I need to stay with her. She’s for the future. On my own, I’m facing fifty years of existence where I matter to no one. With Lauren, I won’t be inconsequential, I will affect someone.” He looked at Michelangelo. “Someone will care where I am. I’ll be able to continue my Family, I’ll have a house, relatives to come round and visit, a group to spend Sunday’s with and eat cake with and watch kids grow up with, a place on the PTA, a role in society. On my own, I’m just a creepy old man that no one cares about; one of those ones who dies and isn’t found for months and when they do find him, his body is half decomposing and letters are piling up on the mat and all the neighbours are like ‘we never knew him, we rarely saw him. We weren’t to know’.”
“Do you want kids?”
“There are a lot of questions,” Carlos said. “If I stay with her, I can address them as they arise. If I leave her, I’m already answering them. I’m not hurting anyone by remaining with a woman I don’t love. Except her. But she’s too emotionally dense to realise.”
“Miaow,” Michelangelo said. “I was once drawing a woman in Rome when I was twenty seven and she thought her husband didn’t love her. It drove her mad. I think she killed herself in the end.”
“Well, Lauren isn’t a Renaissance Roman lady,” Carlos said. “I am her accessory, she’s never going to question my commitment if I’m with her.”
He put his hand on his hips, then folded his arms. He had never really opened up to Lauren. Well, he had once and it had amounted to nothing but grief so he’d never be tempted to do it again. He felt embarrassed, looking back, at how he had opened up and poured out his soul to her. He was glad she was so dense; she had probably forgotten that it had ever happened. The memory of it made Carlos’ ears burn. What had ever possessed him to speak his mind to anyone? How had she done that? She, of all people? 
 Michelangelo pulled a sketch book out of thin air and a pencil.
“Oh yes, yes,” he said and licked the nib. “Classic Carlos Wilson. That is the pose that will immortalise you my friend.”[6]
He started drawing.
“Rafael,” Carlos said. “And don’t. I won’t stand like this forever.”
“No fear, my young friend,” Michelangelo said. “Your image has already been captured in the paper, I just need to rediscover it.”
He turned and walked a few feet away, still drawing.
“Anything interesting?” his manager asked from his shoulder.
“Oh, what?”
“On the phone?”
“Oh, no, not really. Just... Lauren.”
A car crunched over the allotment gravel and they all turned. It was a Peugeot 206. His manager tucked in his shirt.
“Excellent,” he said. “I’ll deal with this one, Carlos my boy. You sit in the office and make yourself look busy.”
Carlos went into the office and sat down. It was hard to look busy in a place where they were nothing to do. He wished there was something, just something. His mind was a buzz with potential, he wanted to stretch it. He pulled the files from last week towards him and quickly collated them in date order, then went through the accounts to make sure everything added up. When he got to the 2010 reg Lamborghini, which was coloured fiery red and had less than two hundred miles on the clock, he paused and chewed his pencil. It had come in last Wednesday. His manager had been out in the town pretending he was doing something at the bank when really he was getting new shoes fitted. Carlos couldn’t stand loafers and had wished for something spectacular to happen, to teach his manager a lesson. He had been standing on the edge of the allotment, imagining that the road might stretch away into a gorge before him and he would tip forward and soar along it like a bird, when he heard the deep, throaty roar of a well made engine. He had looked up.
Coming slowly along the road was the red Lamborghini. It glimmered in the sunshine. Carlos had no love or interest in cars, or even technology, but the sight of the pristine machine cruising towards him made him prick up with interest. It was such a vivid red, his mind had reeled. He had felt his brain shudder, like intense déjà vu.
“It’ll never be painted on the roof of a chapel,” Michelangelo said from beside him.
Carlos stood back, aiming to watch the car as it glided passed. To his surprise, it indicated and came into the allotment. With a rumble, the engine shut off. Carlos looked along the cars they currently had in; an old Volkswagen from the 80’s a couple of Vauxhalls, a Peugeot and a Punto. None of them would look right in a garage next to a Lamborghini. Maybe the driver was lost.
“Can I help?” Carlos said as the driver’s door opened and a man got out.
He was probably about the same age. He looked pale and was sweating and wiped his forehead several times before Carlo had reached him.
“You buy and sell cars right?” the man said. “Second hand cars?”
“Sure do,” Carlos said, using his fake I’m-really-happy-and-helpful salesman voice. “What you in the market for?”
“Not buying, selling,” the man said and patted the top of the roof. “What can you give me for this?”
Carlos smiled and put his hands in his pockets.
“Not much, I’m afraid,” he said. “We generally deal in family cars, hatch backs, maybe saloons, if the mileage is high and the seller isn’t looking for a lot of cash.”
The driver’s face fell.
“You won’t take it?” he said.
“We’d take it,” Carlos said. “But the most we’ve ever bought a car for is twenty thousand or so-”
“Done,” the man said and held out his hand.
Carlos smiled and shifted backwards.
“Pardon?” he said. “Twenty thousand? Does it have a lot of miles? Have you lost half the engine?”
“I just want to make a quick sale,” the driver said. “I have all the documentation.” A Peugeot 206 shot passed on the road and he jumped and looked over his shoulder. “MOT, tax disc, my insurance for it. It’s in top condition, completely legal, I just want to make a quick sale, no hassle. If you can give me twenty thousand for it, it’s yours.”
“Well,” Carlos nodded towards the hut, “I’ll have to give it a look over, check your documents and see if we have twenty thousand to spare.”
“Anything, mate,” the driver said. “Just as long as you can take it off my hands today.”
Carlos checked his documents. Everything was legal. He gave the car a thorough going over and test drove it up and down the allotment. The inside still smelt like hot wax and leather, the smell of an expensive car room. It made his throat dry. The driver chewed his nails by the hut and patted his thighs as Carlos looked over the car again. It was perfect. There wasn’t a chip on the body work or a scratch on the seats. No crisps on the floor, no coffee stain in the holder.
“I can give you nineteen thousand and six hundred for it,” Carlos said, coming out of the hut after a few minutes glancing through the files. “I’m sorry but that’s all we have.”
“Done,” the man said and held out his hand. “Excellent. Keep the keys.”
“I’ll just take your details down for our account book,” Carlos said and held up the ledger. “Name?”
“Uh, John Smith.”
Carlos looked up. He scratched his nose.
“Ok,” he said. “Only this is for the transfer of the money, so I’ll need the name on the bank account.”
“It’s John Smith,” the man said.
“Ok, so, just for our records, is it your bank account?”
“Yes.”
“But you’re the owner of the car?”
“Right. What’s the problem?”
“It’s just that on the MOT, tax form and insurance, the car is listed as belonging to Gary Sullivan. And I know that’s you because you gave me your driver’s licence.” He held up the pink card. “It’s no problem. It’s just that all these kinks need to be sorted out in our accounts or the tax man is going to get suspicious.”
“Oh right, my bank account did you say?” Gary Sullivan said. “I thought you said... someone else’s. Yeah, pay it into mine. That’s Gary Sullivan. S U L L I V A N.”
“Thank you, Mr. Sullivan,” Carlos said and wrote it in. “We’ll transfer the money by internet banking, if that’s ok? The money should be in there in twenty four hours.”
“Excellent,” Gary Sullivan said. “Do you want my bank details then?” He pulled a piece of crumpled paper out of his pocket. “It’s all here.”
They went into the office together and Carlos set up the laptop that his manager carried in and out of work every day; the hut only had a bog standard Yale lock on it, which primary school children could probably pick. Gary Sullivan stood, chewing his nails and fidgeting as Carlos signed into the company’s internet banking page and transferred the money using the numbers on Gary Sullivan’s scrap of paper. 
“All done.” He shut the laptop and smiled up at Gary Sullivan. “Like I said, check your bank account regularly in the next twenty four hours and you’ll see your money.”
“Excellent, thanks, mate,” Gary Sullivan said and offered a hand to shake.
Carlos shook it. It was clammy. Gary Sullivan left. Carlos watched him from the window.
He stepped out onto the road and stuck his thumb up, then began walking back towards town. Carlos went to examine the Lamborghini. He opened the boot and checked for bloodstains. There was nothing. He rang the police and got them to check the registration plate. It wasn’t connected to any crimes. He rang the DVLA and repeated the request, any information, anything they could tell him about the car. Nothing. It was fine, legal, perfect and sitting on their allotment.
When his manager came back, he nearly fainted. He demanded to see all the paperwork and then double checked the car himself. Then he rang the police and had the same check done on the registration. Carlos waited outside, staring at the car. By Monday, they had sold it for seventy five thousand pounds [to continue with this thread, please click here]. 

The driver of the Peugeot 206 that Thursday bought an old Astra for two thousand pounds. Carlos stood outside during the transaction and watched Michelangelo draw a picture of him in his sketch book.
“Not too shabby, eh?” he said and held it up. “I should be an artist.” He crossed his leg over his knee and started shading. “This is much easier than when I was painting that ceiling.”
“I heard you only did the rough sketch and that assistants did the actual ceiling.”
“Rubbish.” Michelangelo looked up at him. “What do you take me for?”
“Did you paint it lying on your back?”
“Charlton Heston made that look easy,” Michelangelo said and returned to the drawing. “It didn’t happen anything like that.”


Chapter Two:

Carlos went and sat in the sun. He got his phone out of his pocket. He had eleven missed calls from Lauren, four having come in after she rang him in the hut. He also had two missed calls and six texts from Marc, the man who had once lived opposite him. Marc always wanted to go out.
“Let’s go to the pub,” he’d say over the phone. “I know a guy who knows a guy who’s in a band. Let’s go and see them. Let’s go in a hot air balloon for the weekend. Let’s join the NASA astronaut programme.”
“How come you never go?” Michelangelo asked as Carlos put his phone away.
“Two reasons,” Carlos said. “Number one, every time he has some scheme for something fun- paintballing, bungee jumping, go karting- I know it really means, let’s go to the pub. Number two, why bother? Going out with him won’t add anything to my life. I will gain nothing from it.”
“Company?”
“I don’t need company,” Carlos said. “Not his at least. If I needed company, I’d be in a serious situation right now.”
A car shot passed on the road. His manager was picking something off his new shoes, leaning on one of the cars and scratching at the rubber sole. Carlo folded his arms.
“Life is good,” he said to Michelangelo. “I have a house, a wage, clothes and I am healthy, fit. I desire nothing else. I need nothing else. I am quite at peace with the world. Why go to the pub with Marc, a man I don’t like, to drink what I don’t like and listen to music that I don’t like? That’ll only bring me down. I am good as I am.”
“You don’t like anything,” Michelangelo said.
“I like the sunshine,” Carlos said. “The strength of my body. The sharpness of my mind. I like books that entertain me. I like films that incite emotion in me. What else is there? What am I missing?”
Another car shot passed. Carlos scratched his cheek. He imagined lifting off the floor and just blowing away behind the car, like the leaves were doing; caught in the updraft, floating along, until he stretched out his arms and finally soared, over the road, away from the allotment and into the air.
Marc was engaged to a woman named Elva, who Carlos had, somehow, inexplicably, come to know. They were having trouble with their relationship at present. The wedding was in eleven months and Elva had suddenly moved out and stopped speaking to Marc. Carlos didn’t care but Marc somehow thought that, not only did he care, but that he’d be able to sort the problem out for him. Carlos explained that he couldn’t.
“Sure you can,” Marc said. “You’re the go between. Go and tell her I love and come back saying that she loves me.”
“Even if she says she doesn’t?”
Marc laughed.
“Just go, Carlos mate.”
Carlos had debated for a long time. His main dream was to cut all burden and anxiety from his life. That, he soon discovered, was impossible. However, it was possible to limit burdens through keen decisions. After several minutes in deep thought, Michelangelo beside him, aged twenty five and wearing a funeral suit, he concluded that the greater burden would be to have Marc pestering him for days to go and see Elva. If he got it out of the way now, there would be no problem. Besides, he was emotionally quite stable and it would be easy for him to act as the go between [to continue with this thread, click here].
Elva never mixed Marc with her friends. She had closed him from her social life. Lauren, on the other hand, had not only introduced Carlos to all her friends but she invited him out every Friday night and Sunday afternoon to various events that Carlos spent the week thinking up excuses to avoid. Lauren wanted them to be one big gang of friends, a community, a support group who relied on each other and helped each other out; who drank together in coffee houses and who shared each and every intimate problem with one another. Lauren wanted Carlos to be as close to her best friend, Hannah, as she was.  
Conversely, Elva mixed with Marc on one side and her friends on the other. She said she hadn’t chosen him on his compatibility with her social group and vice versa. There was no reason for them to socialise. He had his friends, she had hers; there was no need to cross this boundary. She said it would show each other in a different light. They needed to be lovers, not friends, she said. Carlos always imagined Elva and her best friend sitting and talking together like smouldering coals, like dark vixens. Lauren and Hannah resembled kid’s strength strawberry laces, like a bubble soft kitten, who needed weaning.
Marc had managed, in the first instance, to instigate a meeting between Elva and Carlos by sending Elva to buy a car from the allotment without either of the other two realising. Carlos recognised her at once; Marc had described her very well. Her clothes caught his eyes the most; Marc said that was the only thing she wore, that she had no time for her appearance. Carlos respected her for this. He couldn’t abide the constant fashion changes and pursuit of new clothes that dominated Lauren’s life. Clothes were to keep you warm and protect your modesty, nothing else.
“Elva Deal,” he said, as he looked over her driving licence. He didn’t like small talk but neither did he want to be forgotten. “You know Marc.”
“Yes.” She looked at him. “You must be Carlos.”
“How did you know?”
“You’re the only friend he’s ever spoken to me about.”
That made Carlos cringe. Friend.
“I wrote out your invite to the wedding as well,” Elva said. “Carlos Wilson. We’re sending them out in the next month or so.” Carlos cringed again. “Something wrong?”
“No, no, it’s fine.” Carlos handed her driving licence back.
“No, there is. What is it? Did I get your name wrong?”
“My full name is Carlos Rafael Wilson,” Carlos said and smiled. “I’m very pedantic, sorry. People miss the Rafael. It just doesn’t look right. It’s like a spelling error.”
“Nothing wrong with being pedantic,” Elva said. She didn’t smile. “Marc says you’re in a long term relationship as well.”
Carlos shrugged.
“I suppose.”
“That sounded uncertain.” She smiled now. “How long have you been together?”
“Two years.”
“And do you love her?”
Carlos paused. Michelangelo aged forty in a grey hoody and unwashed jeans leant beside him and lit a cigarette.
“What do you classify as love?” he said.
“Love,” Elva said. “It’s when you define yourself by your relationship to another.” 
“What?” Carlos put his elbows on the desk. “Why would anyone want that? I’ve never met anyone in my life who I could say that about.” He looked up at her. Outside, his manager was hovering, trying to see if he’d sealed the deal. “Surely you lose yourself by doing that?” 
“Then you’ve never been in love,” Elva said. “When you’re in love, it’s not losing yourself, it’s gaining the most brilliant, unique, beautiful, wondrous, awesome, amazing person ever. You are not just happy but ecstatic, proud that you can now define yourself by that person, your love. It’s exactly like the songs say, the wedding scenes on TV, the fairytales. It’s love. If you don’t think that, you’re not in love.”[7]
That had made Carlos think of the time Lauren had made him watch Titanic with her. Carlos lifted up his palms and shrugged at Elva. She smiled again.
“I’m not to judge,” she said. “Are you happy?”
“In life? Yes.”
“I meant in your relationship with her?”
“Oh, I suppose. It doesn’t stop me being happy.”
Elva smiled.
“You’re very odd,” she said. “Thank you for the car.”
“Thank Marc for sending you this way.”
“Yes, I’ll have to remonstrate with him for not telling me his best friend worked here first.”
“Perhaps he thought you wouldn’t come in that case.”
“Everything ok in here?” his manager said and stepped into the hut. He held out his hands.
“No problems?”
“No thank you, sir,” Elva said. “The deal’s been done.”
She picked the keys off the desk and waved at Carlos, then left. They watched her drive her new car out of the allotment, onto the road and away in the sunshine.
“Asking price?” his manager asked.
“Yes,” Carlos said.
“Was she smoking?” his manager asked. “I smell smoke.”

Michelangelo held up the completed sketch of Carlos on that Thursday morning.
“What do you reckon?” he said.
“Are you still here?” Carlos said.
“I’ve never left you, Carlos,” Michelangelo said. “You reckon this is good?”
“Superb,” Carlos said, without looking.
“Carlos!” his manager called. “I’m just going to the bank to sort of the finances! Think you can hold the fort down whilst I’m gone?”
“Sure thing,” Carlos said and held his thumb up. “No rush.”
“Lazy get,” Michelangelo said as the manager chose one of their for sale convertibles and drove off into the sunshine.
“There’s nothing here to be lazy about,” Carlos said. He took his jacket off and rolled up his sleeves.
“What you doing?”
“Get a bucket and sponge,” Carlos said. “And roll your sleeves up too. We’ll wash the cars.”
As he sponged down the bonnet of a blue Volkswagen, he became mesmerised by the foam bubbles and the circular motion of his hand. Once, he had fallen asleep in the office whilst his manager was putting a new fence up at the end of the allotment. When had woken up he had what he could only describe as an out of body experience. Everything seemed foreign. He got up slowly and moved about the office in a trance, taking everything in. He didn’t know what he was. He was in a hot, wooden box, in the middle of nowhere. Everything seemed so set and fixed and grounded. There was no freedom, no fluid movement, everything was caged in, boundaries were everywhere. He felt like an alien who had suddenly landed on a strange world. What’s this? What’s that? What was it called? What was that sensation? A feeling in his throat that he could hear in his ears. Not just noise, a language; random sounds used to express oneself and all that one did. Everything in this world was so physical. There was no other. It was what you saw or nothing. There was no existence beyond the senses. To move, he had to lift one foot up, put it down, lift the other, put it down. A plastic shape started to make a high pitch noise. He stared at it. What was the shape? What was the noise, what did it all mean? Where was he? What was he? He reached out (what was this? An extension of himself. A physically manifestation of his soul. It was long and bronzed, ending in a cluster of flesh covered bones that moved when he willed it) and touched the plastic box. Touch. A sensation. He grasped. He lifted. It was all so odd. He could only move things by making contact with them. He pushed the plastic shape to him. The ringing had stopped. Instead, the plastic shape said:
“Hello?”
“Hello,” he repeated.
“Is anybody there? Who is this?” 
“Is anybody there,” he repeated. “Who is this.”
This was another entity, somehow, trapped in the plastic box, grounded in a minute object that couldn’t even move for itself. How many plastic objects were there like this in existence? How many trapped people?
“Carlos!” his manager called from across the allotment. “Who is it?”
And the trance was broken. He was in the office, holding the phone to his chest. He was very hot and felt lightheaded.
“Hello?” he said into the receiver. “How may I help?”
His manager returned just as he was finishing washing the last car. He had a new shirt on.
“Good job Carlos,” he said. “Go and take a break.”
Carlos went to the far end of the allotment where there were some paved slabs. He found a small piece of chalk amongst the gravel and, after Michelangelo had laid spread eagle across the slabs, drew round him.
“It looks like an outline,” Michelangelo said when he was done and they were both looking at the shape. “You know, like how police draw round dead people at the crime scene.”
Carlos nodded. The shape was perfectly connected, all barriers, totally out of touch with the slabs, the gravel, the leaves, the grass around it. A separate entity. Alone. He threw the chalk away.
“Aren’t you going for your lunch Carlos?” his manager called.
“Oh, yes,” Carlos said. “I’ll drive into town to pick something up. Did you want anything?”
“Could you get me Persil?” his manager asked. “And some porridge. No actually, a cheesecake. Vanilla cheesecake.”
“Sure thing,” Carlos said.
He got in the car. Michelangelo got in the back seat and they drove towards town.


Chapter Three:

Carlos walked around the town for about half an hour. He had lost Michelangelo somewhere in the crowd. He stopped outside the corner shop. It was abandoned but twenty years ago, it had been a tea room. It was empty and dark now but twenty years ago, it had been bright and well lit. Tom and him had gone in there every Wednesday, in their tight jeans and brogues and shirts tucked in.
“Afternoon, dears,” the woman behind the counter said. “What would you like?”
“Pot of tea please,” Tom said. “Earl Grey.”
“Can I have,” Carlos leant over the counter, “that strawberry tart, please.”
“Oh me, too. Actually, no, the chocolate brownie. Thanks.”
They went to sit in their booth under the stairs. The only other occupants in the tea room were an old couple and a middle aged man reading the paper. Carlos and Tom both got their books out and started leafing through.
“Milton’s misogyny was over exaggerated,” Tom said after a while.
“Yeah, completely the opposite of Shakespeare’s,” Carlos said. “He had no strong female characters.”
“It was the times though.”
“Exactly. So why is Milton always highlighted as a sexist?”
They leaned back as the woman brought their tea over, then went back to their books.
Carlos turned away from the tea room. That was all over now. Sometimes, he went to tea rooms to try and recapture that feeling; the thrill of the intellect, the tea, the food, the idea that anything was possible. He had never been able to bring it back completely. Maybe it was because Tom wasn’t there. He had reread his tea room collection in one place, struck up a conversation with a stranger about Milton in the other, even gelled his hair and tucked his shirt in for a third. The feeling was gone though. The last time he had been in a tea room was the week before, on the Friday. His manager had made a sale up in Yorkshire and Carlos had to catch the train up there to collect the car. He arrived an hour early and so passed some time in Harrogate. There was a tea shop there and he’d gone in, ordered a pot of Earl Grey and a strawberry tart and then sat down in the booth under the stairs to read the YEP. On page three, there was an article about a man named Gary Sullivan, who had gone flying off the coast at Whitby the day before and had not returned. Instead, all that was found were the ruins of his hot air balloon. 
Carlos was intrigued at once. There was a picture of Mr. Sullivan and, of course, it was the same Gary Sullivan who had sold his Lamborghini to him at the other end of the country two days before. Carlos stirred his tea thoughtfully. 
“How curious,” Michelangelo had said from opposite him in the booth.
“What are you doing here?” he asked.
“These beams,” Michelangelo said and stroked the banister of the stairs. “Look at them.”
Carlos looked. They were made of deep oak wood and varnished exactly like the beams of wood he always imagined Michelangelo standing on to paint the Sistine Chapel roof.
“Oh right,” he said.
“So what you going to do about Gary Sullivan?” Michelangelo asked. He was in his mid thirties that day and dressed in a shirt tucked into smart jeans and a pair of highly polished leather boots. He was holding a paintbrush.
“I’m not sure,” Carlos said and sat back in his seat. “I’ll have to think about it.” 
The following Thursday, Carlos walked back to his car and drove back to the allotment. They were playing Joy Division, Love Will Tear Us Apart on the radio. He turned it off.  On the hill just before the allotment, someone had broken down and was standing by the verge, hands on hips, looking up and down for assistance. Carlos thought. If he stopped, he’d be late. Besides, what use would he add to the situation? He couldn’t fix a broken car. Could the man be a psycho? Would he lose out financially? Would he find the man hard to talk to? What would he say? He drove on. It would not help any situation if he stopped. Michelangelo was waiting for him by the hut. He was in his late twenties then, wearing a red trimmed blazer and jeans. His hair was combed back and he had a red handkerchief in his pocket. Carlos ignored him.
Bored, he went and sat in the hut. He opened up the laptop and stared at the Google homepage for a while. There was so much that the internet contained. So many images, videos, stories, pictures, sounds, knowledge, disgust, horror joy, he should be able to find something to amuse himself with. He idly typed in the box. Then he backspaced it. Why bother amusing himself? It was just to pass time. Everything was just to pass the time. It was a waste of energy. He might as well sit and stare into space until five o’clock, when he could go home and do the same there. The world was one big disillusionment really. All those videos and pictures and emotions; they were all meaningless, all relative, all pointless. They didn’t connect with Carlos. Nothing connected with anything, people just thought it did. Meaning was relative, it still is. Carlos knew this, he somehow had always known this. He worked at the allotment to cover up the fact that he knew this, a distraction, something to pass the time until he died and his body disappeared into the great wandering nothingness that was the rest of the universe.
Michelangelo was watching him.
“Happy?” he asked.
“Yes,” Carlos said. “I am happy. Bored but happy.”
“Can I,” Michelangelo folded his arms, “do anything to help?”
“No.” Carlos sighed. “You’re not real.”
“Did you know,” Michelangelo sat on the edge of the desk and fiddled with his red trim, “the same synapses are triggered in the brain for memories and dreams as real life? So you’re interactions with me have the same physiological affect on you as interactions with your so called real,” he mimicked bunny ears in the air, “friends.”
Carlos nodded.
“You’ve said before.”
“Have I?”
“Yeah.”
“When?”
“A couple of years ago. You were about fifty, you were wearing the golfing clothes.”
“Oh yes.” Michelangelo smiled. “I don’t often appear older to you.” Carlos narrowed his eyes. “Who do you appear older to then?”
Michelangelo lit a cigarette.
“Oh you know.” He waved his hand. “In dreams and the like. Prophecies, visions, that sort of thing. I’m very busy, it’s not all about haunting you.”
“Carlos.” They both looked round; his manager was in the doorway. “Who’s been having prophecies?”
“Pardon?”
“I just heard you say about prophecies. Is it Star Wars or voodoo rubbish from the Daily Mail?”
“The internet,” Carlos said and nodded at the laptop. “Daily Mail, yeah.” 
“Them and their so called news stories,” his manager said.
Carlos didn’t really have an opinion on that voodoo rubbish. The week before, after the discovery in YEP, he had contacted the newspaper and managed to find out where Gary Sullivan was staying before the hot air balloon accident. He’d been at a Premiere Inn on the outskirts of Whitby.
“I know a man who lives in Whitby,” Michelangelo said. “Do you want me to introduce you?”
“No thanks.”
He’d collected the car from the seller and then procrastinated for a couple of hours. He drove to Whitby and sat outside the Premiere Inn for a few more hours. Then he called his manager and said there were delays on the road and he’d bring the car to the allotment on Saturday.
“No problem Carlos,” his manage had said. “Is it in good nick?”
“As good as he said.”
“Excellent. Have fun. Claim the accommodation on expenses.”
Carlos got a room at the Premiere Inn and then went to the gloomy bar by reception. It was empty. He hated small talk and he hated bars but he loved the thrill of an investigation, like he had read in so many books. He got his copy of the YEP out, sat at the bar and waited for the barman to notice him.
“Hmm,” he said. “Pint of bitter please. I say, this is interesting.”
“What’s that?” The barman took a glass and began filling it up.
“Gary Sullivan has been reported missing after they found his hot air balloon up the coast. They reckon he must have fallen out at sea in the high winds.”
The barman put the pint in front of him and shook his head.
“I don’t know a Gary Sullivan.”
“Well,” Carlos turned the page and began looking at an article about windows. His heart was beating fast. “I don’t know him really.” He looked up. “I come here on business, two or three days a week.”
“Right.” The barman nodded.
“And I met Gary in the Beefeater across the way.” Carlos nodded. “Must have been... Wednesday night. He was staying here.”
“Was he?”
“Yeah.” Carlos turned the page. “Then he went off ballooning on Thursday and-”
“Never came back,” the barman said. “What did he look like? I was working Wednesday night.”
“I think, oh yes, there’s a photo of him there,” Carlos said. “Mid thirties, bit shorter than me, pale.” He glanced up and narrowed his eyes. “Wearing a white t-shirt, jeans and scuffed shoes.”
“Oh yeah, I remember that guy.” The barman nodded. “He had no car.”
Carlos raised his eyebrows.
“He never ordered a drink either. Just sat on the computer terminals,” the barman said. “Until about one in the morning then went up to his room.”
“Right,” Carlos said. “That’s Gary.”
“Missing at sea.” The barman shook his head. “The world is a crazy place.” He held out a menu. “You want anything to eat. The cheesecake is our speciality.”
Carlos shook his head. The barman turned to serve a new customer. Carlos went back to his paper. He bit his lip. What was the next move? He looked over his shoulder. On the other side of reception, there was one computer under a sign that advertised the rates. He tapped his chin.
“Excuse me.” 
Carlos turned. The new customer was looking down at him. He was a tall, broad man with a grey beard and sharp eyes. He was wearing an impeccable suit and had a book on British birds under his arm.
“Sorry.” Carlos shifted along. “Am I in the way?”
“No.” The man spoke in a curt voice, his eyes cut stone. “You’re Carlos, aren’t you? Carlos Rafael Wilson.”
“Yes,” Carlos said in no more than a whisper. He nodded his head. The barman was watching them curiously from the ale pumps. “How do you know? Who are you?”
“I’m Professor Gerry Turner.” The man nodded firmly at him. “I was told you’d be here.”
“By who?” Carlos said, thinking of his manager. “What can I help you with?”
“Not here,” Professor Gerry Turner said. “Come to my laboratory tomorrow.” He handed Carlos a smart business card. “And I will talk to you there.”
Carlos took it and looked at the handsome font across the middle. Professor Gerry Turner nodded at him and left.
“Scary guy,” the barman said. “You know him?”
“No.” Carlos was still looking at the business card. “Do you?”
“He works up at the University in Leeds,” the barman said. “But he comes here from time to time. He’s some scientist. Never shown a smile in his life. Debora, on the desk, reckons he was some explorer in his youth. Went through the forests in Peru and killed a tribe of Amazonians.”
“Really?”
“Debora also says dogs know their time tables.” The barman smiled. “Take from it what you will.”
Carlos pocketed the business card.
He got it out of his pocket in the hut the following Thursday. It was a bit worn and frayed now. He tapped it.
“You’re having second thoughts,” Michelangelo said.
“I’m not.” Carlos quickly put the card away. “Get away will you. Go and make yourself useful.” [To continue with this thread, please click here].
The phone on the desk rang. Carlos picked it up.
“Hello.”
“Carlos! I’ve been trying to ring you all day!”
“I told you I left my phone at home.”
“You can never just think, can you?” Lauren said. “Why not go home and get it at lunch? You know I’ve been having a bad day.”
“Pardon?”
“I said, you should have got it at lunch!”
“Sorry, I didn’t think.”
“Too right you didn’t think. And now,” she took a shaking breath, “I’m all of a tiz.”
Carlos picked up a pencil and started doodling a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles on the desk.
“What’s up?” he said.
“My wages have been... frozen,” she said dramatically.
“Oh,” Carlos said and began shading his doodle in. “No.”
“Yes, Carlos yes. What am I to do?”
“You are earning over thirty k a year though, aren’t you? That’s more than enough. You don’t need more.” He paused over which personality to give his turtle. He saw Michelangelo in the doorway and wrote ‘Raphael’ instead. Then he started a new sketch.
“But I deserve more, Carlos! Can’t you see that? Can’t you just understand that for once.”
“Of course. Sorry.” Carlos finished the sketch. It was of the gallows. Michelangelo laughed.
“Who’s that laughing Carlos?”
“No one, just the wind in the old hut,” Carlos said. “You know how it is.”
There was silence on the phone. Carlos whistled.
“Carlos, are you taking me seriously?”
“Yes, I always take you seriously. What would you like me to do?”
“You can’t do anything Carlos! That’s the point! They’ve been frozen!”
“Life goes on,” Carlos said into the silence.
“For goodness sake, I think-”
“A customer has just come in,” Carlos said. “Sorry, I’ll call you back.” He hung up. Michelangelo blew out his cheeks. “I know it doesn’t work,” Carlos said and put his hands behind his head. “I know it’s not a loving relationship but rather someone desperately chasing a wild colt around a paddock.”
“Why are you sticking around then?” 
“It’s more beneficial,” Carlos said. “I told you that.” 
About a year into their relationship, Lauren had persuaded Carlos to come out with Hannah and her other friends in a futile attempt to get them all to gel into one social group. Carlos had rushed in from work, still in his work clothes.
“You could have bothered to change,” Lauren said when he met her at her front door.
“I’ve come straight from work.”
“It’s seven o’clock Carlos.”
“I know, we had loads of MOT’s and insurance files to go through. He wanted me to stay till nine. I had to leave him there.” Carlos held his chest. “His face when I said I was leaving early, it broke my heart. It was like Haz or Bing’s face when I tell them I can’t go the cinema or Marc’s face when I say I can’t get time off to come out or your face when I’m staying round Grandma’s instead. I felt so bad leaving him at it, on the floor of the hut, surrounded by papers, the guilt nearly made me cry.”
“Forget it then, Carlos,” Lauren said and slammed the door shut. “If you don’t want to be here, then fine, go back and work. I don’t want to make you come out.”
“I’m not saying that,” Carlos said as she marched passed him down the garden path. “I’m just explaining why I was late.”
“Would you rather go back and make your manager happy by staying till nine?” she said, turning to face him.
“No, I’d rather make you happy by going out with you.”
“So going out with me doesn’t make you happy?” Lauren said. “I don’t want you to do something you hate, Carlos.”
“Pardon?”
“Listen for God’s sake, Carlos!”
“I can’t hear you properly. What did you say?”
“It hardly matters now.” 
“Please, just tell me.”
“I said, I don’t want you to do something you hate.”
“Yeah but if I said I hated it, you’d get upset,” Carlos said.
“Carlos! Are you sure you want to be here?!” she said. “What do you want to do?”
“Yes, yes,” Carlos nodded, “go out with you, I’m here to go out with you.”
“Fine, stop complaining then,” Lauren said and started marching away. “We have to walk to Hannah’s. I know all blokes want to get taxis but we’re walking.”
He had sat quietly on a cushioned seat at the back of the raving club. He had watched the madly flashing lights and wondered about ceilings and then, Michelangelo had been there, dressed in a waistcoat and cravat and they had talked about sculpting for a while and the Renaissance.
“The helicopter was my idea!” Michelangelo shouted above the music. “Leonardo totally stole that from me!”
“Carlos,” Hannah said and breathlessly landed by his shoulder. “There’s a man at the bar who’s coming onto Lauren!”
Carlos blinked at her.
“Oh,” he said. “Sure. Is he buying her a drink? Because I’m all out of money.”
“No, Carlos!” Hannah said. “He wants to dance with her. He’s flirting with her! What are you going to do?”
Carlos blinked.
“Nothing,” he said, looking puzzled.
Hannah frowned at him, then in, a second, Lauren was there as well.
“Did you see that, Carlos?” she said and sat beside him. She sipped her drink. “That man asked for my number. He’s a solicitor,” she said to Hannah, who made a high pitched squeal. “Very handsome.”
“I missed him,” Carlos said. “Did he buy you that drink?” Lauren nodded and smirked, then sipped from a pink straw sticking out of the drink she was holding. “Oh good,” Carlos said. “I was just saying, I’ve run out of money.”
“He was quite annoying actually,” Lauren said. “Pestered me a bit.” She wrinkled her nose at Hannah. “You know.”
“Ooh, I know,” Hannah said. “Carlos, you should have gone over there and defended her.”
“Would you fight for me?” Lauren asked. “If some man wanted to take me home? Would you defend me as your woman?”
“No.” Carlos laughed. “Why should I?”
“To rough him up a bit,” Hannah said. “So he knows Lauren is yours.”
“What right do I have to punch another man for you?” Carlos said. “It’s your choice. If you want him, go with him, I won’t stop you. If you find his presence annoying, let’s go elsewhere. I’m not going to break his nose for you.”
“Carlos!” Lauren said. “You’re so unromantic. Haven’t you ever read the stories where the knight defends the princess?”
Carlos thought. Lauren had always made him watch the Romances, the romcoms and the wedding scenes in the first couple of months that they were together. He tried to avoid them. When he was younger, he couldn’t get enough of it; the great epic love stories that made his heart sing, the wedding scenes that made him smile and rub his hands together, the romances that buoyed him.
“I have all that now,” he told Lauren when she questioned why he didn’t want to watch Titanic, even though he had listed it as his favourite movie of all time. “I don’t need to watch it happen to others.”
She had crooned and kissed his arm. His smiled. In reality, he couldn’t watch them because, after discovering Lauren, he realised love wasn’t like that. It was just made up, fictional air to sell stories and make you believe it exists. He knew, now that he had met Lauren, that love didn’t exist at all.


Chapter Four:

Carlos went to collect the papers from the box at the end of the allotment that Thursday. The paper man put them in there every morning at about nine but neither he nor his manager remembered. When he opened the box today, it was filled to the brim with papers, dating back the two weeks previous. He sat on the warm gravel and looked through them. One was giving away a free Titanic DVD. He looked at the disc for several seconds, then frisbeed it into the trees. 
“What you up to?” Michelangelo said over his shoulder.
“Meditating.”
“I used to meditate,” Michelangelo said and sat down beside him. He had taken his leather jacket off. “In one of the chapels near the Roman Forum. Or what is now known as the Roman Forum.”
“What did it used to be known as?”
“I don’t know.” Michelangelo shrugged and picked up a copy of the paper. “The mall. Look here Carlos, man dies in hot air balloon accident.”
“Any relation to Sullivan?”
“None at all, no,” Michelangelo said and turned the page. “Just a coincidence. Another one. What was I saying?”
“Meditation.”
“That’s right. I discovered the secret to eternal youth and happiness through this meditation.”
Carlos flicked through the latest copy of the local paper; there was a competition in that one to win a brand new scarlet Lamborghini.
“Go on then,” he said. “What’s the secret?”
“Death,” Michelangelo said. “Guaranteed.”
“Cheery.”
“You bet.”
Carlos put all the papers into a see-through sack and left them by the recycling bin. He leant on the lids and gazed into the sky. When he went to see Elva for Marc, she hadn’t let him in through the front door. She lived in a set of flats on the edges of town. One of those places where you need to be buzzed in. She wouldn’t buzz him in.
“I don’t know you,” she said through the intercom. It was late that night and Carlos was only wearing a shirt. He was getting cold. “I met you once when you sold me a car. I’m not buzzing you into my house.”
“I know Marc,” Carlos said.
“So does the milkman.”
“I’m invited to your wedding.” Carlos tried. “Remember, Carlos Rafael Wilson.”
“There might not even be a wedding.”
The buzzer went quiet. Carlos tapped it a few more times but nothing happened. He wandered around the back of the building. There were some wheelie bins here and some giant recycling containers, for glass and paper and clothes. He tried to weight up these decisions in his mind. He could easily climb up to her flat. He looked up the side of the building; such a feat was nothing to him. It wasn’t a burden. He climbed up onto the first bin [to continue with this thread, please click here]. As a boy, he and Tom always used to climb trees, sometimes walls, the sides of their house. Anything. He wasn’t sure why Tom did it but Carlos did it because he wanted to fly. It had been a desire lodged deep in his chest since he had read Peter Pan at the age of four. Flight. Completely free, unencumbered, gloriously soaring flight. The higher he got, the more possible it was too feel like he was just about to lift off. Bye bye world. Hello clouds. The dropping, the gliding, the hovering. Flight was the greatest thing Carlos could imagine.
When he had been six, he had read that Leonardo da Vinci had drawn plans for the first flying machine. He didn’t want a flying machine because he would still feel trapped but it was better than nothing. He had shown the plans to Tom who, wide eyed in his summer shorts and Clarks lace ups, had decided that it would be a good idea to build. They had drawn their own plans in their den which lay at the bottom of Tom’s garden. To get to it, you had to crawl through a narrow tunnel in the hedge. The tunnel was dark and cramped and twigs and brambles stuck out on all sides, tearing the shirts and scraping the skin of anyone who wriggled down there. It was too small for Haz to get along and this was what they really liked about their den. The hedge tunnel ended in a small clearing of bright green grass, above the stream and below the thick trees. This patch seemed to attract the sun at any time of the day and they had called in Sunnyside. Carlos couldn’t remember which one of them had first said that name or where it might have come from but didn’t matter. Tom and he built a shelf out of wood so they could sit somewhere shaded because, as they loved to repeat to each other, “it’s always the sunnyside at Sunnyside.”
After drawing the plans that summer in Sunnyside, they had set about gathering the materials. Tom’s older brother, Haz, had watched them from his bedroom window and thrown balled up bits of newspaper at them until his friend had made him stop.
To launch the flying machine (it was a pram with paper mache wings) Carlos had suggested climbing onto the roof and pushing it off from there. Tom had agreed. Between them, they had got the flying machine onto the roof of the house without breaking a sweat. Both of them had been born like monkeys [to continue with this thread, please click here].
Carlos, balling up bits of paper in the allotment, remembered a time he went to the beach with Lauren and her friends. He had been invited and couldn’t see a way out of it.
“It’s Sunday,” Lauren had told him as he procrastinated on the phone. “It’s sunny, you’re not working, you have nothing else to do. Why don’t you want to come?”
“Uh.”
“Is it my friends? Do you hate them?”
“Um.”
“Is it me? You hate spending time with me?”
“Yeah that’s what it is,” Carlos had said.
“I can’t believe you sometimes!” Lauren shouted back. “Do you think that’s funny?”
“No, I was joking but it wasn’t funny,” Carlos said. “I’ll come. I’ll come. Good.”
“Good? What is that supposed to mean?”
“Pardon?”
“Are you deaf or just not paying attention?”
“Sorry I couldn’t hear you. It sounds like you’re eating.”
“Are you calling me fat now?”
“No, I just...it’s, what are you eating?”
“Vanilla cheesecake.”
“Oh right.  And what did you say?”
“I said, what is that supposed to mean!?”
“It means...it means... I’m not deaf, I just can’t understand you sometimes.”
So he had gone. On the beach, he sat on the rocks and watched the others dancing about in the waves. He didn’t want to go on the sand because he wasn’t committed enough to socialising with them to take the sand getting in his shoes, in his socks, between his toes, in the folds of his clothes, in his hair, in his ears. Sand was such a nuisance. He had always gone on the beach with Tom but he’d do anything for Tom, even get covered in sand. For Lauren and her friends? No.
The beach curved round and ended in steep cliffs, at whose base Carlos was sitting. After a couple of hours, some of the boys from Lauren’s group started trying to climb the lowest end of cliff side, about ten foot of sheer rock. At first, they tried climbing up it using footholds and hands. Then they started running up at it and leaping, hoping to find purchase at the top. Then they gave each other piggybacks and stood on shoulders in an effort to find one foothold in which to haul themselves up. They were laughing and play fighting, wrestling, pushing each other, joking with the girls. It was a test, a test for them to embark on together.
“Come on Carlos!” one of them shouted, seeing Carlos still just sitting a few feet away. “See if you can get up there.”
He was going to join in. He knew he could scale that cliff with his eyes shut, bare foot, one hand only, with someone hanging onto his belt; Tom and him had practiced climbing like that just in case earth was invaded by aliens or England invaded by China and they were wounded but needed to escape. He could shinny up that cliff before some of them had even realised he had started. But if he did join in and immediately abandoned the camaraderie of each trying and failing to do the task, they’d think him a show off and a big head. So he stayed put. He shook his head and thought about the dream he’d had the night before instead. In the dream, he’d been sitting in his old year six classroom. There had been a rumble and the entire class had looked up just as a cluster of huge tentacles had come smashing through the wall. Some people were killed instantly by the force of the exploding bricks. Others were hit by the giant, green, muscular tentacles and decapitated. Carlos avoided the flying bricks by sheer luck and this bothered him. He could just as easily have been killed by them. Then quick thinking saved him and he leapt out of that chair, over the desks and for the door, where a tiny tip of a tentacle wrapped itself around his ankle and yanked him to the floor. Carlos had grabbed the door handle and tried to fight it off but the tentacle was too strong. He kept his grip on the door as the tentacle lifted his feet off the floor and prepared to tear him in two. Then he’d woken up with bruises round his ankles and blisters on his palms. He checked his ankles and palms then; they were still there.
“Oh, Carlos,” Hannah said. “You are so aloof.”
“He never wants to join in,” Lauren shouted. “He’s just like a moody old man.”
“Unapproachable,” one boy said, jumping with one arm raised, his hands scrabbling against the cliff. “We only want you to join in.”
Carlos dropped the balled up paper into the recycling bin with the rest of the rubbish. Michelangelo was scribbling in a notepad beside him. Lauren had been annoyed at him for that and had given him The Silent Treatment for a few days. That was a bonus for Carlos. They were still together, still in a relationship, but he didn’t need to see or speak to her. He had had a good few days. He wanted for nothing. His burdens were almost lifted. There was nothing he required that wasn’t in himself. Then Lauren had got him to apologise and he was back speaking to her every time he answered the phone. The number two rule of all good Fairy stories was that the Hero was there for the Heroine, whenever she needed him. When Carlos had been eight, he had sworn to himself that he would be there for his Heroine, always. Not only when she needed him or asked for it but also when she didn’t need him or was too shy to ask. He would be the pillar that supported her. When he met Lauren, he broke that promise to himself. He didn’t think eight year old him would mind. He had made the promise picturing someone different.
“There,” Michelangelo said and held up a pad of paper.
“What?” Carlos said without turning away from the road.
“I have created a new letter for the alphabet,” Michelangelo said. “This will replace the sound ‘ti’ makes.”
“Like station?”
“And ration,” Michelangelo said.
“Any others?”
“Two will be sufficient,” Michelangelo said after a pause. “How many ‘z’s’ do you see around?”
“Fair point.” Carlos took the pad and had a look. The letter looked like an old boot. “Isn’t that a bit detailed for a letter of the alphabet?” he asked.
“It took me a second to draw.”
“Yeah but most people haven’t painted the roof of Sistine Chapel.”
“Aha, so you do believe it’s me,” Michelangelo said and handed him the pencil. “Here, have a go at drawing it.”
“I don’t know who else you could be,” Carlos said. “You don’t look like him.”
“Why? What did he look like? Where do you think you’ve seen him?”
“I know what he looked like as an old man.” Carlos had a go at drawing the boot. “But I rarely see you as an old man.”
“This is what I looked like at age nineteen,” Michelangelo said.
“Right down to the clothes?”
“Well no, I’ve borrowed fashion from subsequent eras.”
“There.” Carlos held the pad at arm’s length. “Is that accurate?”
“Perfect,” Michelangelo said and took the pad off him. “This will be famous for one day. It’s pronounced sh. Sh. X Y Z Sh.”
“I had a dream about the alphabet last night,” Carlos said. “Each letter made a different noise, like a piano or saxophone or something.”
“I’m not surprised,” Michelangelo said. He rested against the bins and started writing several sh’s at once, in a line. “There’s a beautiful shared consciousness throughout life. Between humans, between animals, between humans and animals, between humans and the vapours of the airs around us. We’re all drinking from the same bowl.”
“I don’t believe that.”
“Why not?”
“You can say anything, you’re dead.” 
“At least you’re haunted by someone real,” Michelangelo said. “The British prime Minister is haunted by Liam Taylor and there’s a soldier in Iraq haunted by Harry Potter.”
“I dread to think,” Carlos said. “Why couldn’t Shakespeare of haunted me though?”
“It’s been done, Carlos. Shakespeare’s tired of all that now. He gets enough attention.”
“And you don’t?”
“I enjoy haunting people.”
“And Shakespeare doesn’t?”
“Obviously not.”
“If I was haunted by a wizard, you know,” Carlos said, “I think it’d be more fun.”
“What?” Michelangelo said. He looked up from his pad. “I’m the key Renaissance man.”
“Yeah but Harry Potter could do magic.”
“I can do magic. With my brush,” Michelangelo said. “Plus, I introduced you to my friend, Gerry.”
“That wasn’t magic.”
“It was something, my lad,” Michelangelo said. “And you can’t deny that.”
A car pulled slowly into the allotment. His manager approached it at once, big smile, rubbing hands, busy, busy, busy business but we have time for you new customer. Carlos made himself busy by checking the Peugeot 206 beside him.


Chapter Five:

Tom and Carlos always wore shorts in his memory. He supposed that was because sun shines eternal in fiction and memory. Carlos leant against the Peugeot 206, just out of sight of the manager and customer, and let the sun reach his face. Behind him, his manager was trying to make a sale. He could hear snippets of conversation. “Recently MOT’d...Michelin tyres...” Carlos couldn’t really care to engage his brain. What was the point in anything? He felt so powerless, so at sea in this great machine of a world. It was falling apart at the moment- there were wars, riots, bombings, killing, shootings. He had no role to play. You either killed or you were killed in these sorts of games and, as of yet, he didn’t think he was in either category. He was a spare part, unused and forgotten. He used to be so sure he’d be something, be someone, the Chosen One, Luke Skywalker, Harry Potter, the Green Power Ranger. So sure. At seventeen, if a beam of light had shot from the sky and picked one person out, he’d have bet his life it’d be him. Now? He wasn’t so sure. It was like he had something, but then he lost it.
The boredom ate him up inside. He wanted to do something, he wanted something to happen. A robbery, an explosion, a war he was forced to conscript into. He just wanted some cause he could fight for, something that he could be passionate about. Yet, there was nothing. He doubted his family would let him join a union now. All they wanted him to do was remain quiet and safe.
A few months before, Lauren had rung him in tears to say that her dad had been made redundant.
“What am I going to do?” she sobbed to Carlos. “This has just upset my whole plan, my whole life. I’m going to call in sick tomorrow. I just can’t face going in.”
“But it was your dad that was made redundant right?”
“Yes, Carlos but it affects me just as much as it affects him. What am I supposed to do?”
“For a start, I suggest you don’t call in sick. Redundancy is part of the workplace nowadays and the best way to avoid it is to be a consistent and reliable worker.”
“Oh, Carlos, you don’t know anything, you work in used car garage. I work in an office. You have no idea at the stress. My dad worked in an office every day from the age of twenty one and he’s so stressed, he’s on medication. He can’t even relax on holiday.” She sniffed. “He lost his hair, he had no spare time, he barely saw us. So don’t stand there and act like my job is easy. Because it’s not.”
“Oh, ok.”
“Life is just so hard for me,” Lauren said. “I don’t expect you to understand. That’s why I need to take a day off tomorrow. I spoke to Hannah. She agreed. We’re going to go to London instead. Can you look at the train times? I want to leave early but not early early and we want to be back late late but not late and not so late, it’s the next day. Ok?”
“Pardon, say that again?”
“Say what again?” she snapped. “Are you being sarcastic?”
“No, I honestly only heard fragments of what you just said.”
She repeated herself.
“What are you going to do in London?” Carlos asked, not because he particularly cared but because he wanted to seem interested and this was a polite question to ask. It was best to just be polite and not do what he wanted. If he’d done what he wanted, he’d have just hung up the phone without another word.
“Carlos, don’t be so nosey. Now, you’ve distracted me. What was I ringing you about?”
“Your dad.”
“Oh my goodness yes, Dad! Carlos, what am I going to do? Do you have any idea how much this alters my life? The burden it places on my shoulders?”
Carlos did. He toyed between being polite and being truthful. Polite was The Right Thing To Do. But the man on the street could be polite. Maybe she had called him for the Truth, which only a friend could say.
“Your dad just worked in a three man office,” he said. “He was a small fish in a small pond and those businesses are being snaffled up. He should have seen it coming. I can’t imagine redundancy hit his wage that hard: he must have been on the minimum. He never tried to go for something bigger, he never tried to be a big fish, or look for a big pond to grow in. He was just happy to sit and do easy work. These are the sort of people businesses need to get rid of. Lauren, life is like a huge piece of cardboard that someone’s smeared glue across and then chucked a bucket of sand at. Some of the sand is going to land on the gluey bits and stick and some is going to land on the blank cardboard and get blown away after a few seconds. You have to decide whether you’re going to be a grain of sand that sticks or a grain of sand that falls away. I think your dad’s just fallen away but you can stick. If you try, you can be as financially safe and secure as you want. As stress free as you want. You’ve just got to-”
But the line had gone dead. He’d got a few angry texts after that. Didn’t he understand? How could he be so cruel? After all her dad had done for him. That office went at ten percent profit every quarter. It’s all her dad wanted. Don’t pick on him. Don’t single him out. Had he no idea about the stress she was under? Did he want her to get stomach ulcers?
He pretended he’d left his phone at home and didn’t reply. It would be too negative to get involved. He was, essentially, quite happy. He wasn’t going to lower himself by joining in. Lauren hadn’t spoken to him for a few days, which was win-win. The only other time that she had been that angry with him had been about a year before and that had been about her dad too. She had rung him back then, tutting and sighing and sniffing. 
“My nan’s ill,” she had said. “They’ve taken her into hospital. Carlos, this is such bad news.”
“Isn’t she like 103?” Carlos asked.
“Yes Carlos, so what?”
“I’m just saying, she’s lived a long life.”
“I know Carlos and I want her to continue living even longer. Is that so much to ask?”
“Everyone dies,” Carlos said. “And you said you haven’t seen her in fifteen months. So she’s no longer a part of your life. Her death will physically unaffect you. What’s the problem?”
“Carlos, you’re so obtuse. You do realise her memory’s fading?”
“Then she won’t know if you don’t visit,” Carlos said. “If you’re lucky, she might have forgotten you already. So you’re not harming her at all. Whatever was your nan has already left and what’s left is just a shell. It’s good that that’s finally going as well. People get so down by elderly relatives getting sick and dying. It’s the natural course of events. Don’t let it depress you, move on.”
“Carlos, my dad visits her every day. Last Sunday, he sat with her for eleven hours, just talking to her, making conversation, trying to make her feel less alone. And when he left, she asked the nurse ‘who was that man?’”
She paused for dramatic effect.
“I don’t blame her,” Carlos said. “I find your dad unmemorable as well. Besides, didn’t he have anything better to do for eleven hours? Can’t people see that it’s time for this woman to go? Stop trying to keep her in the land of the living. Let her go.”
Lauren started crying.
“You are so easy to wound,” Carlos said and started drawing on a pad of paper. “Get on with your own life, that’s all I’m saying. Don’t let the death of someone over a hundred get you down.”
“Don’t you care that you’re hurting me when you say these things?” Lauren said down the phone, her voice was thick and she sniffed several times.
Carlos thought.
“I’m hurting you?”
“Yes!”
“Oh. Then no, I don’t care.”
“Carlos, how can you be so Machiavellian?”
“Where did you learn that word?” he had asked but she’d hung up and he hadn’t heard from her for two weeks. He thought he’d done it, he’d finally cut her off like a tumour growing on his shin. It filled him with immense relief. It wasn’t his fault if she ended it. There was nothing he could do. He wasn’t going against Fate. Instead, Fate dictated that it had run his course. He was free. Free to just sit and think, to be himself. A single, not a couple. No more burden. No more worry. 
Then she’d called and it was like falling down a black hole. He could feel her climbing over him as he sank, her arms and hands over his face, suffocating him, thick black chains wrapped round his ankles, dragging him down, chains around his wrists, around his waist, all weighted, all bearing him into the abyss, as she crawled all over, her and Hannah, and her dad and her Nan. 
“Hey Carlos?” Michelangelo said. “You look pretty dazed, you ok?”
“Yeah,” Carlos said and he smiled. “I think my superficial emotions bounce from time to time but, deep down, I’m ok, I’m happy. I’m content.”
“You thinking about Lauren?”
“Yeah.”
“How you’re no longer alive because you’re with her?”
“Yeah. But,” Carlos shrugged, “if I’m a pack mule, she’s just another pack and I can take the weight. I can keep going my own way.”
He sat at the desk and went onto the laptop. He idled by for a while until he decided to look up Shakespeare plays. His favourite was Hamlet. In class, everyone had always had a go at Hamlet, saying he was petulant, attention seeking or selfish. Carlos thought he was great. Why shouldn’t he do whatever he wanted? His dad was dead, he had realised how pointless life was, his mother was easy, he couldn’t love Ophelia because love didn’t exist, he was trying his best to avenge his father or whatever but, essentially, he knew all action was meaningless because life was meaningless. Carlos’ teacher had said that the revenge plot was just a cover story and the real story that Shakespeare wanted to tell was how Hamlet, that young prince, came to see the world for what it was, cold, empty and meaningless; life, just a series of events that bore no correlation to each other, arbitrary and pointless.  
The previous Friday, when he’d been staying in Whitby, after Professor Gerry Turner had left, Carlos had paid for some internet time. He’d gone and sat on the terminal and stared at the Google homepage for a while. Once again, the whole world was at his fingertips and he didn’t know where to go, how to use it correctly. He went and looked at the history list. He clicked on Wednesday. There were loads of web pages: Facebook, Failblog, Daily Mail, Waccoe, Hotmail, Yahoo, IMDB, Bing, Google, Google, Google, Failbook, Wikipedia, Amazon, Play.com, Crafty bargains, we buy any car (dot com), Ebay. 
Carlos aimlessly scrolled through them; they were in alphabetical, not chronological order, so it all meant nothing. He clicked on the Google links. Someone had searched for strawberries, car hire in Whitby, bike hire in Whitby, Premier Inns in Scotland and the North East, someone had Googled Google and then there was a whole clutch of searches for rented properties in Wales. He scrolled through these. There were lots of results for Cardiff and Swansea. That hadn’t been good enough though because someone had searched for rented properties in rural Wales. There were less results here but it seemed the user had shown a lot more interest. Three had been opened up to see more information. They were out in the middle of the hills, miles from anywhere.
“Excuse me,” someone had said from behind him.
He turned. A middle aged woman was standing there, holding her coat to her front. She smiled but Carlos recognised it as a Polite smile and not a Sincere smile.
“Yes?”
“How much longer are you going to be on there?”
Carlos checked his timer.
“Eleven minutes,” he said.
“Ok, only I have to check my emails. It’s very important.”
“Ok,” Carlos said and he turned back to the computer.
He clicked on the link to the rented properties in Wales and checked the web address. Then he scrolled through the history to find what pages on that website had been visited on Wednesday.
“Are you going to log off then?” the woman said from behind him. “So I can check my emails. It’s very important.”
“Oh,” Carlos said. “In nine minutes I will. Only, I am busy now.”
“You’re just looking through the history,” the woman said and pointed. “I have business to attend. I think it’s best if you log off now and let me have my turn. Then when I’m done, you can go back on.”
Carlos was so enraged. He felt his face flush and his throat constrict. He wanted to grab the woman and throttle her or knock her head against the counter. He wanted to punch her in the face. He wanted to scream and her, to shout and reason his point, to show her how unfair she was being, how unjust, how it was just eight minutes. Eight minutes! Have some patience! What happened to social decency? What happened to politeness? Carlos spent every long winded, bone aching, mind numbing, teeth shredding, boring day making sure he was polite. And then along came this woman and he was just expected to give in to her? She was being rude and yet she expected him to be polite. How unfair. Unjust. He wanted to rage at her, to grab her face and make her realise that she had started on the wrong Premier Inn guest.
“Seven minutes,” Carlos said and turned back to the computer. “That’s all it will take.”
“I really think-”
“Ssh,” Carlos said. “I’m doing something important.”
The history told him three web pages had been looked at on the rented property website but only one in great detail. He clicked on that. It showed him a detached cottage, in rural Wales, fifty miles from Cardiff, ten miles from the nearest town. To reach it you had to drive up a dirt road that turned to mud in the winter and the house had no central heating. Double glazing just added. Fully furnished. The price was one hundred and fifty pounds a month. The history told him that on Wednesday the user had looked at every page associated with this property. Carlos looked for a reference number and copied it.
“Are you done yet?” the woman said. “It just seems to me like you’re just messing about.”
“Six minutes,” Carlos said and went onto the hotmail page.
There, on the right, there was a list of accounts that had been logged into recently. His heart gave a start. Gary Sullivan’s name was there: gary_sullivan64. Carlos felt his face flush again. He raced the mouse across to click on it and over zipped. The mouse fell off the desk and clattered on the floor. He bent to pick it up but, frantically, the woman beat him to it and held it up.
“Right then,” she said and blew her hair off her face. She had that stupid non-colour hair that middle aged women had. Not brown or blonde. A dirty grey. Her eyes lit up triumphantly. Carlos made sure his features showed no emotion. “Let me have my time on the computer,” the woman said, holding the mouse aloft, “because I’m not going to give you the mouse back otherwise.”
“You are so petty,” Carlos said. “Impolite, petty, impatient and snobbish. You know, it’s because of people like you that the First World War was started.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” the woman said.
“Are you deliberately being ironic?” Carlos asked. “Can you not see which one of us has stolen the mouse for the computer?” He sighed. “Fine, I’ll get off the computer. But I said I’d be another five minutes so my carer won’t be here with my wheelchair yet. You’ll have to go and get it. It’s out the front.”
That’s what he’d have said in an ideal world. Her eyes would fill with horror, her mouth would open, she’d step back, she’d hand over the mouse and Carlos would be triumphant, glorified, the hero. She’d scuttle away and probably never dare go near a Premier Inn computer terminal again. But he couldn’t say that. What would happen when the truth came out? Or if she didn’t believe him? He’d be accused of making fun of the disabled. A Crime. Why was it that you could be rude, cruel, callus, obtuse to people who were physically able but, in the exact same circumstances, situation, scenario, you had to go out of your way to be polite and accommodating for disabled people? They could roll over your feet in their wheelchair, swear, ignore you, demand, be impatient, spend all the time they wanted on the computer and society was supposed to bow meek heads. Strange. 
“No,” Carlos said and folded his arms. “If you don’t give me back the mouse, I’ll never, ever get out of the chair, even when the time runs out.” [To continue with this thread, please click here].
“Carlos!” his manager called from across the allotment. “I can’t find the forms for sale purchases. Do you have any idea where they are?”
Carlos looked over the allotment. His manager was standing by the hut, the customer beside him, both in ties and shirts in the glorious summer sun. Carlos nodded and crossed the allotment towards them. He went into the hut, looked on the top shelf, pulled out a folder, flipped to back and pulled out a piece of paper from a pocket that was taped to the side.
“He’s fantastic, he is,” his manager said as Carlos handed the paper over. The customer beamed at him. “He’s wasted here,” his manager said and leant on the desk. “I always thought he’d be a politician or something. At eighteen, I’d have sworn he’d be the Prime Minister. Name?”
“Gary Whitby,” the man said and leant in to peer at the form.
Carlos smiled and tried to hide the tears in his eyes. After some talk (he found out that the buyer was a fire fighter; he always had been and always wanted to be) so small his voice was barely audible, he went back outside. He thought about the future he could have had in the past. What was Possible. He thought about going to Rome on a school trip, aged fourteen, and the teacher taking him and Tom aside, a hand one each shoulder and saying:
“You boys can be anything. You’re the brightest boys I’ve ever taught. You could rule Rome if you choose to.”
And Tom had smiled at him under the teacher’s gaze. That smile haunted Carlos. Tom had taken that gauntlet and turned it into a glove for him to wear. Carlos had never even reached out.
“It’s not all bad,” Michelangelo said.
He was leaning on the side of a car, beaming at him in a white t-shirt and jeans. He looked about twenty five now.
“You again?”
“Me always,” Michelangelo said. He straightened up and draped an arm around Carlos’ shoulders.
“Can’t you leave me alone for a while?” Carlos said. “I always feel you, just lurking over my shoulder like a heavy scarf or something. It stops me thinking.”
“What have you to think about Carlos Wilson?”
“Rafael Wilson. And loads of things.” He picked up a pebble off the allotment. “There’s nothing else to do here but think.”
“What do you think about?”
“Everything. I’ve built my own world inside here.” He tapped his head with the pebble. “It’s all I need.
“Fancy,” Michelangelo said.
“We don’t need sarcasm from the man powered entirely by the mind,” Carlos said and skimmed the pebble over the gravel.
When he and Tom had been standing on the roof holding the flying machine, in their shorts and jumpers, Tom had skimmed a stone off the tiles. Then he had climbed into the pram.
“You push me first,” he said to Carlos. “And I’ll see how it goes.”
“Why can’t I go first?”
“Let’s both go,” Tom said and shuffled forward. “Sit in the back.”
“Then who will push?”
“You give it a running push and then jump in,” Tom said. “Be quick though.”
“Ok.”
Carlos drew the flying machine back along the top of the house and prepared to push. They heard a window crack open and looked down. Tom’s older brother Haz was looking up at them.
“What the hell are you doing?” he said and smiled. “You aren’t going to push that off the roof? You idiots. You do know you’ll break your back? Oh my God, how could either of you be so stupid?”
In a few seconds, he had crawled out of the window and onto the roof. He had a cigarette in his hand. Behind him, his best mate Bing crawled out as well. He wore glasses, which he held anxiously to his face as he clambered up the tiles.
“Mum says you’re not allowed to smoke,” Tom said.
“Mum would also probably say you’re not supposed to make planes and fly them off the roof,” Haz said and dragged on the cigarette.
“We won’t tell if you don’t,” Carlos said.
Haz turned and laughed in his face.
“You’re thick, Carlos,” he said and pushed his shoulder. “Tom, you’re no better. She will realise, you know,” he said and blew smoke over Tom’s head. He flicked his ear. “When there’s a wrecked pram and her son all mangled on the garden.”
He dragged on the cigarette again. Bing was standing awkwardly a few feet behind him, trying to keep his arms folded and regain his balance.
“Hey,” Haz said and shrugged and hung the cigarette in his lips. “You want to fly in this thing though? I’ll help you.”
He elbowed Carlos out of the way and grabbed the handles of the pram. Tom cried out and grabbed the sides. Haz laughed and rattled it from side to side.
“Hang on Tommy!” he said and drew the pram back. “We will have lift off in three!”
“Haz don’t!” Carlos said and grabbed his arm.
“Haz!” Tom cried from in the pram. He tried to crawl out but Haz pushed him back in.
“No, man, you want a go, have a go,” Haz said and kept him pinned with one superior hand. “Where was I? Three, two...”
“Haz,” Bing said.
Haz looked over his shoulder at him. Bing shook his head and Haz laughed. He let go of the pram handle.
“Whatever,” he said and clipped Carlos round the back of the head. “But you know it’s wrong. Or you’d have loved me giving you a push.” He folded his arms and nodded at Tom. “Go on then.”
“What?”
“Push off,” Haz said and elbowed Bing. “This is going to be good.”
“No,” Tom said.
“Yeah, go on, just keep going, act like we’re not here. We’ll just call the ambulance when you land.”
Tom looked at Carlos and shrugged.
“We might as well stick to the plan,” he said.
Haz roared with laughter.
“The plan? The plan!?” he shouted. “Hear that Bing? They have a plan! Oh this is priceless. This is wonderful. Go on then Carlos, I want to see this.”
Carlos caught Tom’s eye and he nodded. He took hold of the pram handle and pulled the flying machine back.
Carlos smiled to himself and picked up another pebble. The sun caught a tiny bit of quartz or crystal or diamond in the surface and it flashed.
“Carlos!” his manager called. “Could you order the files on that shelf? I want the paperwork to be easy to find.”
“Sure,” Carlos said and skimmed the stone.
He crossed the allotment and went into the hut. Michelangelo was behind the desk, his feet crossed on top. Carlos ignored him and started pulling the files off the shelf. The hut was sweltering and he rolled up his sleeves again. Outside, his manager was prowling around the cars, peering through the drivers’ windows to see the dashboard.
Carlos had heard Bryan Adams ‘Summer of 69’ on the radio the other day and it had made him sad. His childhood really was the best days of his life, the endless summer, the adventures, the future so bright and perfect, a wonderful love that you never got over. He didn’t really think his was a Love though; not one of those sweet teenage loves that Bryan sings about and who he promises anything to. There wasn’t enough there for that. 
Last year of middle school, when he would have been twelve of thirteen, a girl joined their school. Carlos had been transfixed by her. They had been playing football on the all weather pitch when a gaggle of girls from the other top set swarmed past. Some of the boys called things over and waved and teased like they did at that age. Carlos and Tom didn’t really know any of them because they were in the other set, the parallel set. In their school, there were two groups, each made up of four sets, ranked one to four. You knew everyone from your group, regardless of what set because you had mixed lessons, like DT, PE, IT, the rubbish, non academic ones. And boys knew boys from the parallel set because of football and that’s just the way the world worked. And girls knew girls from the parallel set because of netball and tennis and that’s just the way the world worked. But boys didn’t know girls from the parallel set. It was unheard of. So this group of girls was completely foreign to Tom and Carlos.
Some of their football friends knew them and went over to talk. Carlos and Tom and the other boys from their set hung about and kicked the football between them.
“We’ve got a new girl in our class,” one of the parallel set girls said and her voice carried over the all weather pitch. “Her name’s Jo Garden. Come here, Jo, say hello to the boys.”
Carlos and the other boys looked up, curious. There was a new girl standing at the fore of the gaggle of girls. She was going red. The boys said hello politely and then ignored her. Carlos couldn’t take his eyes off her. He felt a pull in his chest. Jo Garden. Jo Garden. He never spoke a word to her in that year. And when they left, she went to the upper school inside town and he went to the upper school in the sticks, so he never saw her again. But during that year, his heart used to catch every time he saw her. He would spy her in the corridor or coming out of a room he was just going into. Sometimes he spotted her across the all weather pitch or when the boys were on the field playing cricket and the girls were playing hockey on the courts. She was everything he wanted. He imagined she was quiet, well read but funny and adventurous. She was really brave but she was also really caring. She was ruthless but she loved the companionship of others. She was his ideal woman and he swore to himself that he wouldn’t take anything less, no second best, no rose in the fisted glove. Age thirteen, he decided he would either be alone or with a perfect woman, one that made him feel like Jo Garden did every time she passed him in the bus park or when he followed her and her friends down the stairs in the language corridor. She was his bench mark. She probably wasn’t his soul mate or anything like that; even though it was strange how she immediately leapt out to him, from across the pitch, how her face suddenly ignited all that dormant love inside his chest, without a word exchanged between them. That almost felt like destiny or fate but he was more rational than to believe that. She was just someone who made him feel a certain way and whenever he looked back or remembered her, he felt that way again. And he couldn’t be with anyone who didn’t make him feel the same way.
He’d thrown all that away in a heartbeat. He knew that in the first second he heard Summer of 69 on the radio. It all became quartz, crystal or diamond clear to him in those three minutes, or however long the song was. He thought of Jo Garden and what she might be doing now. It made him sure, for the first time, that he really wasn’t meant to be with Lauren and that he should leave her and move on. That was the most confident he’d ever felt about it.
“So leave her Carlos Rafael,” Michelangelo said from behind the desk.
“Wilson,” Carlos said and collated the bound files in front of him. He set them aside on the floor and began working on the next one.
It wasn’t feasible at present. Her dad had been made redundant, her Nan was ill, they were going out with her friends in six weeks, she had New Year’s plans for them and she was interviewing for a new job. He was in a spider web. One day, there wouldn’t be so many strings and he’d just be able to pick himself out of her life, clean as a whistle, and he’d never have to look back or tie loose ends. He’d be alone. Again. Still. For once.
He leant back on his heels and put the next finished file on the pile. He reached for the last. He was alone, now. It was him, against existence. That didn’t make him feel sad. It made him feel empty. He was most at peace when he was asleep. 
 

Chapter Six:

He went outside.
“I’ve done it,” he said when his manager nodded at him.
“Good lad,” he said. “Take a tea break if you want.” He caught Carlos’ chest as he made to move passed. “Did you see that thing on channel two last night?”
“BBC?”
“Yeah.”
“No.” Carlos knew what he was expected to say next. “What was it?”
“Something about that Renaissance painter, what’s his name?” His manager tapped his shoulder. “Machiavelli?”
“He was a writer and ambassador. Do you mean Michelangelo?”
“No, not that one.”
“Raphael?”
“That’s it. They showed some of his paintings. You know, he was really good. It made me want to go to Paris.”
“Raphael was Italian.”
“Was he?”
“I think so. Maybe I’m wrong,” Carlos lied. He smiled. “I didn’t watch the show after all.”
His manager laughed.
“Go on,” he said. “Go and take your tea break.”
Carlos took the break but left the tea. He sat on the fence behind the hut where his manager couldn’t see him. Michelangelo sat next to him and they both flicked tiny pebbles into the drain under the hedge that was interwoven with glossy spider webs.
“Ah yes, fifteen out of twenty two,” Michelangelo said and put his arms in the air. “Winner.”
“I got thirteen out of nineteen,” Carlos said. “I only mixed six. You missed seven.”
“I flicked three more,” Michelangelo said. “Proportion.”
“I think we should work out the percentage.” Carlos looked at him. “Have you washed today?”
“Are you kidding me? Of course I haven’t.” Michelangelo ran a hand through his hair. “It’s the mark of a good artist. We care not for our physical appearance. What really matters is what goes on in here.” He tapped his head and then his heart. “Like you said, we need nothing else but us. What is here.” He thumped his chest. “We are attached to nothing. We can pick ourselves up and move on like leaves on the breeze.” Carlos rolled his eyes. “I don’t need anything but me,” Michelangelo continued. 
“Maybe a passport and debit card,” Carol said. “But apart from that, you don’t need to ever worry about forgetting anything because all you need is there, with you.”
“That’s the spirit Carlos Wilson. You get me.”
“Rafael Wilson.” Carlos leant back against the hut. “That’s why I don’t want to get attached to anything. It’ll only be something I have to leave behind.”
“Are you planning on going somewhere?” Michelangelo asked.
“No.” Carlos shrugged. “I wish I was but I’m not. I’m wedged in here. The rest of the world is falling down around me but I am quite safe and secure here.”
He threw a pebble and it rattled down the drain.
When he had been climbing on the recycling bins outside Elva’s house, he had dislodged a can that was sitting up there and it had fallen and rattled down the drain in the exact same way. A window above him opened. He paused. He didn’t want to be caught on the bin. After a few seconds, the window shut again. He stood up and pulled himself up to Evla’s window. He could see into her brightly lit kitchen. It was spotless. Through the doorway opposite him, he could see a lounge, lit only by the erratic flashing of a television screen. He knocked on the glass. There was no reply. He knocked again.
A small man appeared in the doorway opposite him. He looked puzzled, crossed the kitchen and opened the window.
“Are you Sam?” the man asked.
“Are you expecting me?” Carlos asked.
The man smiled.
“No.” He laughed and stood back. “Come in, come in. It must have been quite a climb.”
“Oh, uh, yeah,” Carlos said and slid in over his sink. He straightened up in the kitchen and looked about him, utterly confused. A cat was watching him from under the table. “Thank you.”
“Magdalene on floor four has spare keys,” the man told him.
Up till that moment, Carlos had been really misplaced. With these words, he slotted into line. He felt his brain click. The feeling was like déjà vu. He had been here before, of course that’s what it meant.
“Oh thank you,” Carlos said. “Of course. I should have tried her window. I’m so sorry to trouble you.”
“No, you shouldn’t be climbing all the way up there,” the old man said. “My window was fine. Anytime you need help, always use my window. Did you want me to leave the catch off?”
“No, it’s fine.”
“I will, I’ll leave the catch off.”
“No really, I won’t forget my keys again.”
“I’ll leave it loose.” The man smiled and nodded his head to the kettle. “Do you have time for a cup of tea?”
Carlos thought. The cat winded its way around his legs [to continue with this thread, please click here].
“Carlos.” Michelangelo nudged him behind the hut. “Do you want to race cars along the road in front of the allotment?”
Carlos frowned.
“Is that what the manager just asked?”
Michelangelo laughed.
“No, I just did,” he said. “That’d be amazing wouldn’t it though? I’d love it if he asked that.”
“Carlos!” the manager called from the front of the hut. “Carlos, where are you?”
Carlos crawled around the side of the hut. The manager jumped in such a way that Carlos knew he hadn’t really been startled and was just putting it on. Don’t you hate it when people do that?
“What are you doing behind there?”
“I thought I saw a cat.” Carlos pointed. “It must have crawled through the hedge.”
“No problem,” his manager said. “Listen, should we take the new Vauxhall Astra for a test drive? It’s been in for four months and no one’s touched it. I think we should give it a run around, just to make sure everything is still ticking over.”
“Us?”
“Yeah.”
“Me and you?” 
“Yeah.” His manager smiled and held up a key; there was a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle key chain on it. “It’s a one point six. Want to drive?”
“Sure,” Carlos said and slowly took the keys. “I’ll drive and you’ll sit in the passenger seat?”
“Yeah.”
“Me and you.”
“That’s right.”
“I’ll sit in the back,” Michelangelo said and opened the back door. “Everybody in.”
“Right,” the manager said when he sat in the car beside Carlos. “This is going to be fun, isn’t it?”
Carlos slammed his door shut and started the engine. He slowly pulled out of the allotment and joined the road. His manager shifted in his seat.
“Driving ok?” he asked.
Carlos nodded.
“Good, good. How are the brakes?”
Carlos nodded.
“Excellent? Steering?”
Carlos nodded.
“Perfect,” the manager said. He shifted in his seat and looked out of the window. “How’s Lauren?”
Carlos didn’t move. He hated people thinking of the two of them as an item, as a couple, as defining each other. He didn’t want anyone to associate them.
“Ok. I guess,” he said. “I haven’t seen her in a while.”
“Oh right. Have you broken up?”
“No.”
“Let’s have the radio on then,” his manager said after a few moments silence. He leant forward and started fiddling with the radio tuner. After a while, they heard Bryan Adams Summer of 69. “Beautiful song,” his manager said and settled back in his chair. “Do you like it?”
“I’ve never really heard it.”
“It’s getting hot in here,” Michelangelo said. “Wind the windows down Carlos, before he starts sweating.”
“I’ll just wind the windows down a bit,” his manager said. “We’re almost at town now anyway.”
He wound the window down. Michelangelo sat up in his seat and held onto the back of Carlos’ headrest. He tilted his head back so his face caught the breeze. Carlos felt a fleeting tug at his memory; he’d been driving along the coast with his window down last year and the breeze had caught his hair. It was like flying. It was beautiful. Then Lauren had text him. She was stranded at the railway station. He slowed the car under the bridge at the edge of town. The number three rule of all fairytales was that the handsome knight always rescued his maiden from the tower.
“That used to be a railway bridge,” Michelangelo said. “Back in eighteen hundred and something. Trains went along the top of it, towards Cambridge, or Saffron Walden. I can’t remember which.”
“Do you know why they got rid of the rail system through the town?” Carlos asked his manager.
“Uh, sorry, Carlos?”
“The railway that used to go through here,” Carlos said. “Do you know why they scrapped it?”
“Uh, no I don’t Carlos, I’m sorry. I wasn’t entirely sure there was a railway here.”
“Oh.”
“It was done in because there wasn’t the demand for the rail anymore,” Michelangelo said. “With the boom of steam travel, everyone wanted a go and the network sprang up everywhere. But when cars were invented and everyone could have their own private transport, no one wanted to ride a sweaty train with a pack of strangers.”
“Oh.”
“What?”
“Nothing,” Carlos told his manager. “Just thinking aloud.”
“Tell you what, Carlos,” his manager said. “I’ll just pop into the bank. Pull over by this garage.”
Carlos indicated and pulled in. His manager quickly opened the door and hopped out.
“Come and pick me up in about an hour,” his manager said and adjusted his collar. “From here.”
“One hour,” Carlos said. “See you.”
“If you get in any trouble, just give me a ring,” his manager said. “You know my number?”
“Yeah I do but I don’t have a phone on me.”
“Reverse the charges from a pay phone,” his manager said. “See you.”
He shut the door and Carlos pulled away. Joy Division came on the radio. Michelangelo climbed through into the front and switched the radio off.
“We don’t need that,” he said. “Hey look, HMV is selling Titanic at half price. Want to buy it?”
“No,” Carlos said and indicated into the car park. “Do you want to get ice creams?”
“I’d damn near love that, Carlos Rafael Wilson,” Michelangelo said. “Are you paying?”
“I guess I am,” Carlos said, pulling into a space. He turned off the engine. “I’m the only one of us that’s real.”
They got out of the car and crossed the cool car park floor for the exit. Carlos thought back to that day when he had driven along the coast. He was in a convertible from the allotment. His manager asked him to pick it up from a man in Brancaster and he had left with high hopes that weren’t disappointed. He cruised along the flat fens, the sand spiralling across the road, the sky a hazy blue above him.  There were clouds that curved and rose in immense structures above him and he could remember thinking, at the time, they looked just like marble archways of the Coliseum. Michelangelo had been next to him, singing into the wind, his hair flipping off his forehead, the white collar and black tie of his ensemble that day flapping behind him. Then his phone had started ringing. He’d ignored it until Lauren text him and he saw what the problem was.
“What’s up?” Michelangelo had asked.
“Lauren is stuck at the train station in Cambridge,” he replied.
 “Oh my God,” Michelangelo said. “Stop the press.”
“Oh my God,” Michelangelo said. “Carlos, wake up.”
Carlos looked around him. They were standing by the ice cream freezer at Thorntons. Michelangelo had already got a double scoop chocolate cone and was licking it slowly.
“Yes?” The woman behind the counter was squinting through the sun at him. “What did you say you wanted?”
“Just a single scoop chocolate ice cream please.”
“Cone or cup?”
“Cone please.”
She got it for him and then tapped away on the till.
“One single scoop, one double, that’s five fifty please.”
Carlos handed the money over and then the two of them turned and strolled through the sunlit square of the town. A fire engine was parked on the main square and the fire fighters were wandering around with yellow buckets, asking for donations. Carlos avoided them. The idea of supporting his local fire station made his head hurt. They left the square and wandered between the shops. The buildings rose about them, dwarfed by the silver, curved structure of the sports centre which glinted in the summer sunshine and made it look like an old Roman coliseum.
“It’d been a good day for Gladiator fighting,” Michelangelo said. “The sun has that quality about it, you know, where it gets in your eye.”
“You weren’t alive during the times when gladiators fought.”
“I’m not alive now but yet, here I am,” Michelangelo said. “Free your mind a bit Carlos.”
They stood on the bridge and looked at the ducks. Carlos finished his ice cream. He imagined what it’d be like if his legs and feet suddenly became weightless and started floating. He’d rise a few feet and then flip upside down as his feet became lighter than his head. For a few seconds, as he slowly drifted up, he’d desperately grab onto the bridge or the bench or the rails or the branches of the trees, anything to stop him bobbing up into the sky. It wouldn’t do any good. His floating feet would be too powerful to allow him to pull himself back down to earth. People would stop and point up at him as he dangled upside down, his feet still drifting into the sky. In the end, he’d accept that he was floating away from earth and he’d relax and just allow himself to be carried away like a balloon on a string into the blue horizon. He blinked. He wondered if he’d been a bird in another life.
They left the bridge and wandered back through town. Michelangelo stopped in front of the Comet window and waved at the camera. His image on the television beside it waved as well. Carlos looked at the television showing the news. They were talking about the clean up after the Japanese tsunami. Or was it the New Zealand earthquake? And were these next images the ones from Egypt or Libya or Tunisia? The next segment he knew was from the Ivory Coast. Carlos watched the news arc twice more, standing perfectly motionless, hardly blinking as the same images of death and anguish and pain rolled passed. Then, following Michelangelo, he headed on, up the street. The images of Egypt left a particularly painful pang in his chest. He wanted to reach through the TV and join the crowds but the glass was in his way. 
His and Tom’s grandmother had been Spanish. He had been named after her father and his brother, who were called Rafael and Carlos Benito. The two brothers had been something of revolutionaries when they had been in their twenties during the Spanish Civil War. Bloody revolutionaries his grandma always said, proudly. Carlos didn’t know what that meant. He had images in his mind of the brothers, dark haired, Mediterranean skin, marching along the crest of some green topped cliff, miles above the blue sea crashing over fallen rocks. Maybe with old rifles slung over their shoulders and rows of ammunition over the chests. They’d be at the head of a line of Spanish soldiers but, in comparison, these soldiers would be pale and fair, short and skinny. Not like the Benitos. 
Tom had always looked more Spanish than him. They both had the dark hair and eyes, the skin which would tan in the sunshine, but their grandmother had always said Tom was the spitting image of Rafael Benito, her father, the eldest brother. Carlos thought this was odd because, whilst they were both twenty five percent Spanish, Tom was fifty percent Egyptian. His mother had been born and raised in Cairo and only moved to England when she married Tom’s father. Tom’s full name was Atem, after her father, but the kids made fun of that at school so they all shortened it to Tom.
Carlos went into the public toilets behind the shopping centre, passing a man just coming out. They were unisex. He wasn’t sure if he was for or against this. On the one hand, why split the toilets by gender? Did people think that without gendered toilets humans would descend into a race of perverts, paedophiles and peepers? That it was only the segregated toilets that stopped humans from showing their true colours as dirty distortions? On the other, he couldn’t stand at the urinal if there was a queue of women waiting for the cubicles behind him.
This unisex toilet didn’t actually have any urinals though- he had to use the cubicles. There were about twenty in all, ten on each side, and they were all empty. Carlos liked this. He walked down the centre aisle and chose a cubicle at random. He looked into the bowl, as was his habit, and saw that it had just been flushed, less than a minute ago. How weird. He checked the cubicle next door to see if maybe they all automatically flushed at a certain time. The water in the bowl was still. He went back and examined the chosen cubicle. What was it about this cubicle that drew people to it? Or what was it about him that drew him to toilets that people had just vacated? He didn’t know.
After, he walked back to his car. He wished it was a convertible so he could feel the wind on his face again. But, on the same thread, he’d have driven about in a pram if it meant catching that flying feeling again. Back on the day at Brancaster, he had pulled over and text Lauren:
Hi, can’t get out of work to come and pick you up. Sorry. Carlos.
She had been livid. She had rung him and he, sitting in the sand by the road, refused to answer. So she left a voicemail message:
“How dare you leave me stranded here? Do you have any idea how dangerous Cambridge is? Do you expect me to walk to where I parked my car? It’s a mile and a half away Carlos! I’m not walking that far! I’m not. I expect you to come and help me when I ask. You work in a second car allotment! I can’t believe it’s so busy at five o’clock on a Tuesday that you can’t come out and pick me up. My car is five minutes away driving! I’m hardly asking you a lot, Carlos!”
Carlos had thought before wording a careful text:
Hello Lauren! How are you? I am ok thank you. My day is going ok. Sorry I can’t pick you up. I can’t expect my manager to let me off for a few hours- it wouldn’t be right to leave him here on his own. Closing time is when we need two people to ensure all the cars are locked in and safe. Besides, I was under the impression that Hannah was picking you up. I just don’t think it’s my responsibility to come out. If we’d arranged it, sure I’d come. But I won’t drop everything for you. One and a half miles isn’t that far. About twenty minutes walk. And it’s a very nice day! Or you could catch the bus. If you parked in the park and ride car park, it will be about two pounds. Hope you get there ok, Carlos.
She hadn’t replied. He was slightly worried that she’d been picked up and murdered by someone. If that was the case, he’d be identified as her boyfriend. He’d be on the news and in the papers. “Lauren Hardy’s loving boyfriend.” He wouldn’t be able to stand it. He’d probably have to admit to her murder to stop everyone running with the impression that they were in love, about to move in together, or get married, or that she was pregnant. Christ.
So the next day, he text her, to make sure she was alive: 
Hi! How are you today? Carlos.
She quickly text back: 
I feel so alive today, so happy! Have a nice day Carlos.
He knew that was sarcastic. Not even when Lauren was feeling in a good mood did she text so enthusiastically. She was probably looking for some sort of attention. He replied: 
Great! I’m so glad to hear it. I will have a nice day. I hope you have a nice day as well!
I wasn’t being serious! 
Her text back was immediate:
How can you think I’m ok after you forced me to ride the bus yesterday! Do you have any idea how hot that bus was? And busy! Carlos, I can’t believe you didn’t catch my tone, who do you
Carlos hadn’t read the rest of the text. He’d smiled and put it away. Life was good, really. He’d heard Dire Straights Walk of Life on the radio and gone skipping down the road. Life was so good. He wished he could start some sort of impromptu, spontaneous dancing routine in the street and everyone around would join in. He’d skip and dodge and jazz hands and everyone around him would replicate the moves, with giant smiles on their faces because they just loved life so much. The sun was shining, there was good music and dancing, what more could they want? Do the walk of life. Carlos wished he could.
On the radio on the way back to the bank that Thursday, the news reported the total deaths from the Japanese tsunami. It didn’t affect him at all. His life hadn’t stopped. He indicated in to pick up his waving manager; he had a new shirt on. Maybe that was the problem. Maybe there was no problem. Maybe he should learn to dance.
“Did you fancy cheesecake?” his manager said and held up a bag. “I bought some on a whim. I’ve really been craving cheesecake today.”


Chapter Seven:

Driving back to the allotment, they passed a silver Ford driving the opposite way. Carlos watched it vanish in his rear view mirror. His manager was laughing to the radio beside him and Michelangelo was in the back drawing something in a sketch book. Carlos kept looking in his rear view mirror. Jo Garden’s mum had driven a silver ford when they’d been twelve. He remembered because he used to watch her get picked up from the layby outside school when Tom and he were walking home. He’d never really seen the mum behind the wheel but he’d seen the car. Jo sometimes saw him looking at her as she climbed in and he would look away because waving would be out of the question. Once, one of the girls waiting at the bus stop of the other side of the road had stepped out and been hit by a seventeen year old driver who had just passed his test. The entire school had been gathered in an assembly the next day to be told the girl was doing ok but that the teachers and police were interested in events leading up to the accident. Rumour spread through the school like the plague. Apparently, Carlos heard from Tom who heard from one of their football mates, someone had said the girl was pushed. The thrill of such malice, of such evil, incited excitement in all the students.
“It’s attempted murder,” a boy said loudly in the bus park one evening and all the other students agreed vehemently. “That’s what this is. There’s a murderer amongst us.”
 Hundreds of present, absent and speculative students queued up outside the head’s office to be questioned by policemen.
“Yes sir, I saw it. She was pushed.”
“I didn’t see who did it. I just know she was pushed.”
“I wasn’t there but I know she was having an argument with a girl in year six.”
“There was a girl, I can’t mention names, who hated her and said she wanted her to die. I wasn’t there but I remember someone talking about before Christmas.”
“It’s attempted murder,” Tom said. “Do you think we should go and give our story? What we saw?”
Carlos dwelt on this for a few days. He noticed that Jo Garden never went near the head’s office, nor near a policeman, even though she’d been right there.
“No,” he told Tom. “They’ll have heard everything they need to hear from all those other kids. We barely saw it.”
In the end, the police presence left the school. One Friday, they were all there; the patrol cars, the officer in the head’s office, the room set up on the geography corridor which was filled with the policemen drinking coffee and writing in pads. Then, the next Monday, they were all gone. After a few weeks, the school broke up for summer and Carlos and Tom never saw the girl who had been hit or heard what had happened to her. It was a mystery.
Carlos wondered about this as he indicated into the allotment. Did a student under the age of thirteen really possess the cruelty to push an equally aged child in front of a car? It was ridiculous but then, why all the police? Why the call for anyone who had witnessed it? And what happened to the girl?
He turned the engine off outside the hut and the manager got out.
“Park it at the far end under the sign,” he said and pointed down the allotment. He patted the roof. “Good lad.”
Carlos restarted the engine and slowly pulled away. He wondered if anyone would speak more openly, now that it happened almost twenty years ago. Like on Cold Case, where the witnesses are tight lipped at the time but when Rush goes back to investigate decades later, they do nothing but talk. Then again, he pulled the car under the sign, the police weren’t really worried about lack of student cooperation: everyone had wanted to give their opinion. Except Jo Garden. Carlos turned the engine off. He wondered what she’d seen. Maybe nothing, just like him and Tom. He tried to remember the day, the actual event but he had no primary memories of it anymore. He had the layered and secondary memories that he had created in the days immediately after the accident, when he had been desperately trying to see if he saw anything. If he tried to remember anything in anymore detail, the whole memory evaporated like smoke until he was left wondering if any of it had been real. He was no longer in contact with anyone who could verify the events of those days. Was it true at all? Or was the whole thing some elaborate scenario he had dreamed up in the last twenty years? Maybe a girl was hit by a car but years before he got there or years after he left. Maybe a girl was pushed into the road but as a joke and she, laughing wildly, leapt back onto the pavement because there were no cars in sight. Thirteen year olds didn’t do that to each other.
“As now, sitting there,” Michelangelo said from the back, “you are nothing but memories of the past and dreams of the future. They’re all as fake as each other. The only thing that really exists is you, sitting there.”
“Thanks.” Carlos opened the door. “I suppose that means you’re just as real as me?”
“Sure does, Carlos.” Michelangelo go out as well. “You should be grateful. I’m your anchor in the storm.”
Carlos looked at him. He put an arm around his neck.
“Sometimes,” he said, “I really am rather grateful I have you. I do feel more secure. Like I’m not completely adrift in this universe.”
“Good,” Michelangelo said. “Now go make me some tea.”
Carlos prepared the files for the next week before his manager could ask him to; he was sitting on the laptop, scrolling so slowly and with such an intense expression on his face, Carlos knew he was looking at Facebook. 
“When you’ve done with that, Carlos,” his manager said without looking up, “could you balance the ledger?”
“I have.”
“The accounts?”
“Yeah and I printed off the statements from the computer and filed them here.” He turned. “Should I make labels for the files?”
“That would be a very good idea,” his manager said. “I’ll just finish looking at Autotrader and then I’ll help.”
“No rush,” Carlos said and he meant it.
Bored, Carlos drifted off as he created the labels. He was often bored these days. ‘These days’ drifting back probably to the time he left school. He hadn’t seemed to have meaning since then. He wanted something exciting to happen. Maybe World War Three. He could sign up then and have a cause. A cause. He would be so lucky.
When he had been a boy and he and Tom were about to launch their aeroplane off the roof, he had had a cause; Haz, smoking behind them, laughing and throwing bits of broken tile at Tom’s head, the dislike they felt for him, and Bing beside him, arms folded, top button done up just like the dog collar he would come to wear years later. He and Tom were about to launch themselves into the new world.
“What in the hell do you think you’re doing?!” a voice had screamed from beneath them.
All four of them looked down. Their grandmother was standing on the patio, glaring up at them in the sunshine.
“Hey mama, guess what!” Haz called. He quickly flicked his stub off the roof. “Tom and Carlos are going to fly this thing off the roof.”
“Haz! You’ve been smoking, get down here this instant! Tom and Carlos! I’ve never heard anything so ridiculous! Carlos Benito would turn in his grave if he could see you! Get down here. You are in so much trouble.”
“Sorry, boys,” Haz said and pretended to cry as Tom climbed out of the pram. “Boo hoo.”
Tom ignored him. Haz hit him around the back of the head and then pushed him.
“You could not be more stupid,” he said. “Come on, Bing, let’s get down the other way or mama’s going to hit me for smoking.”
“Hey, that’s not fair,” Tom said. “You can’t sneak off.”
“Tough luck, Tommy,” Haz said and curled his lip. “I can do whatever I like. I’m the older brother. It’s your job to take the fall for me.” He threw another piece of tile. “Off you go. Come back and talk to me when you’ve grown up.”
“Haz! Don’t you dare go through the other window!” their mama called. “Come down here and see me now.”
Tom pulled a face. Haz hit him. He slid down the tiles, swung off the gutter and landed on the patio. The younger boys watched after him.
“Explain yourself.”
“It’s not my fault, mama,” Haz said and touched his chest. “I saw that little twit up there and I raced up there to help him, to make him get out of there. I was just trying to help.”
“No he wasn’t!” Tom called.
“Be quiet!” Haz and mama shouted.
“This doesn’t concern you!” his mama shouted.
“Yeah,” Haz said. “Keep your nose out, Tom.”
“Why were you smoking?” his mama asked.
“Mama, I was stressed. Seeing my little twerp of a brother about to jump off the roof?”
His mama had frowned at him.
“I don’t trust you as far as I can throw you Haz,” she said. “You’ve got some nerve. Go on, get out of here. You too, Bing. Tom, Carlos, come down, I’m going to give you such a hiding.”
“Don’t we get to explain ourselves?” 
“No, Tom, get down here and bring that pram with you. I’ve never seen anything so ridiculous.”
“Ridiculous,” Haz called from the doorway. “So ridiculous.” 
Carlos smiled. He’d finished the labels. He stacked the files on the shelf. At some point, his manager had left the hut. Carlos sat behind the laptop and started reading up on Florence in the Renaissance. He wished he’d met Machiavelli.
“He was nice,” Michelangelo said. “I really liked him. Clever, you know.” He tapped his head. “A thinker.”
“You never met him.”
“I did. We’re buried in the same place.”
“That doesn’t mean you met him.”
“Hello.” Michelangelo patted his chest. “Death is no barrier to friendship.”
“Is this a friendship?” Carlos asked.
“Miaow,” Michelangelo said. He sat on the edge of the desk. “What’s the matter with you today?”
“Nothing,” Carlos said and shut the laptop. “I never meant it to cause offence. I just meant, is this what a friendship is like?”
“I suppose.” Michelangelo nodded.
“Two people that spend time together?” Carlos said. “In that case, me and the guy who serves me at Tesco are in a friendship.”
Once, he and Marc had been wasting time at a service station in the west of England. Carlos couldn’t remember why they went there now. They weren’t being friends. He faintly recalled wanting to see a museum in the same week Marc was visiting relatives, so it made sense to car share. They had been parked behind the petrol forecourt, waiting for McDonalds to stop serving breakfast and start serving burgers.
“We can keep ourselves busy,” Carlos said. “This is a perfect opportunity to fill up with petrol, check the oil and the air pressure of the tyres.”
Marc had looked at him.
“Oh yeah,” he said slowly and doubtfully. He raised his eyebrows. “That sounds like a good idea.”
“Do you not want to?”
“Not really.”
“Ok, that’s fine, no worries. I just thought you’d be bored. It’s fine, I’ll do it in Plymouth.”
Carlos had wanted to do it then; it saved a trip later but he wasn’t going to cause an argument over the sake of it. The strange thing was, if he’d been with Tom and suggested that idea, Tom would have patted his back, shaken his hand, ruffled his hair and said, “well done Carlos Rafael Wilson! What an idea! That saves a job later! Well remembered! I’ll go and get some twenty pence pieces!”
Wasn’t it odd how different people were? How different things made them react? Carlos barely knew how to act around them. What was the point in trying? He might as well just cut himself off from everyone. Then there’d be no disappointment for them or him.
Travelling with Marc was awful. He spoke about the most banal and trivial things. Signposts. The clock. His shoelaces. Carlos bit his tongue and was polite but he developed a headache from it. He wanted to shake it out of him. He and Tom had once watched Seven, with Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman- that’s starring them, not in their company. The killer had said something like that and Tom and he had both concluded that he was, of course, insane; that the banality of life made him sick so badly, he fell into hysterics. Of course he was insane. But riding in that car with Marc, as the sun shone through the glass and made the temperature swell, as Marc clicked his tongue against the roof of his mouth and patted the dashboard like a drum, as he pointed out every time they passed a green Rover, Carlos sympathised with the insane killer. He wasn’t sick but he did develop hysterics. He tried to cover them up by biting his lip and holding his breath but his shoulder started shaking and then Marc knew something was afoot and asked what it was. Then Carlos erupted into peels and peels of laughter which rose very quickly and took a long time to subside.
“What is it?” Marc said, flipping around in his seat, staring out of every window to try and spot what was funny. “What did you see?”
“Just a, just a,” Carlos said and wiped his face, “just an old couple in that car. It reminded me of...of...of, what’s that film?”
“League of Gentlemen?”
“Yeah, that’s the one.”
Marc started laughing hysterically as well. He held out his hand to high five Carlos but Carlos pretended he didn’t see.
They stopped off at an Ikea because Marc wanted something to eat and a writing desk for Elva’s flat. While he set off in search of it, Carlos hung about the showrooms. One lounge had a huge bookshelf, so high, they’d put in a silver ladder that you could climb to reach the top shelf. Carlos did climb it. He reached the top shelf and pulled a book out. It wasn’t a well known title. He had never heard of it or the author. He wondered who had written it and when. What creative streak was this person on when the story had come to them? How excited was he when he realised his book was going to be published? How proud did he feel when he first saw it in a bookshop? And now, years later, it was just an item showcased in an Ikea, forgotten, stuffing, part of the background, not to be desired. Carlos opened it. It was all in Swedish. Maybe, out there, this volume was popular, well known and remarkable. Carlos put the book back; he hoped so.
He climbed back down the ladder. He had once seen a programme on TV where someone had a library so big, they needed several ladders to access all their books. That was somewhere in Spain, or perhaps Italy. One of the light, Mediterranean countries.
Michelangelo appeared in a kitchen and Carlos and he started running through the bedroom departments. He pretended he was being chased by government agents. Michelangelo was his faithful companion.
“This way!” Michelangelo called, pointing through a shortcut in the showroom. “We’ll come out in dining!”
Carlos had leapt a sofa, galloped across a desk and darted through the short cut after him. They stopped and looked about. Tables and chairs were everywhere and so were government agents.
“We’re surrounded,” Carlos said as he and Michelangelo stood, back to back, and faced the agents. “What should we do?”
“The only thing we can,” Michelangelo said.
“Can it be done?”
“Of course it can,” Michelangelo said. “Brace yourself.”
He bent down, the agents all lifted guns. Carlos turned, grabbed his shoulders and leapt over him. Michelangelo stood and propelled Carlos into the air. Carlos somersaulted over the line of agents. They all turned, firing up at him but the bullets missed. Carlos landed on a table, swung from an overhead fixture (Malm, £89, Aisle 11, Location 4) and landed clear on the floor.
“After him!” someone shouted.
Carlos jumped down the escalator, dodging in and out of the shoppers and vanished into the ferns in the marketplace.
“That was a fun day,” Michelangelo said back in the hut. “We should do days like that more often.”
Carlos said nothing. He gave the hut a quick tidy over and then stood by the window and watched his manager watching his iPhone by the new Peugeot 206. His manager wouldn’t have noticed if he hadn’t put labels on the folders. He wouldn’t have noticed if he’d left the hut untidy. Carlos did it anyway. He got up every day at six to make sure he got the most out of being alive. He exercised regularly to ensure he was physically at his peak. He read books and did IQ tests and puzzles to ensure he was mentally at his peak. He wanted to be a human being that no one could ever look at and say “that’s a waste of a specimen.” He wanted to push all the boundaries nature had given him. But what was the point really? So he could run a marathon? So he could work anagrams and quote Milton? He wasn’t that much different to the people that got tattoos or used Botox to improve their physical appearance. It was all about improving your chances in this world. He did it by streamlining body and mind. They did it by appearing beautiful, like art. How were they any different? It was just taking what you got and running with it as far as you could. 



Chapter Eight:

Carlos wandered outside. A truck passed on the road, sending up a wake of dust and heat behind it.  On the side, a woman with a tattoo down her back smiled at him. He caught her for a second and then, she was gone, meandering along the road with the truck until it vanished over the hill.  A fire engine went passed the other way. His manager sighed and crossed his arms.
“How’s it looking in there?” he said.
Carlos nodded.
“Shut the laptop down?”
“I shut the lid but it’s still on.”
“That’s what I meant. Good, good. Are you good with computers?”
“I’m ok.” Carlos shrugged. “Why?”
“Just wondering.” His manager shrugged. “All the young kids are computer whizzes these days. I wanted to see if it had spilled over into your generation.”
Carlos looked at him. He wasn’t trying to be funny. He often wondered himself how the elderly possibly got on with computers and technology. They grew up in an age where wooden toys were great, where a television had two channels and no remote. What did they think of emails, twitter, Facebook? Did it boggle their minds? How did they come to use it?
The woman who had been giving him grief at the Premier Inn must have been pushing sixty. Yet, she was done up in the cardigan and beady necklace of someone used to letters and telegrams. She was wearing denim pedal pushers and an Alice band.
“Come on, young man,” she said and whacked him with her leather handbag. “Out of the chair.”
“Give me the mouse,” he replied. “It’s that easy.”
She smiled at him and shook her head. He fumed. He turned around and quickly used the tab button to get down to Gary Sullivan’s account. He pressed the enter button. It asked for a password.
“Damn,” he said.
“Come on now,” she said and hit him again. “You’ve had your fun. I have important correspondence to keep up with.”
“I’m not done!” Carlos said.
He logged into his hotmail quickly, opened an email and pasted the reference number into it. Then he typed in the address for the Welsh Property Managers and quickly added a covering letter asking for information about the property. Just as he clicked send, the timer ended and the screen went blank.
“There you go,” the woman said and breathed loudly. “My turn.”
Carlos stood up and switched the computer off. Then, before she could sit down, he pushed the chair over and danced away towards the lifts. Up in his room, he looked at the card Professor Gerry Turner had given him. He turned it over in his dark hands. He’d be mad to go. 
He did go in the end. At eight o’clock the next day, he was standing outside Professor Gerry Turner’s research lab at the back of a Leeds University site near the centre of the city. On that Saturday, it was practically empty. He rang the bell and waited. Through the glass doors, he could see a spotlessly clean reception foyer and a set of stairs rising above it. In the morning sunlight, it looked almost Imperial, like some altar at Rome.
“Maybe that’s what he had it modelled on,” Michelangelo said from behind him.
“He didn’t build it.”
“Whoever built it then.”
Carlos turned to look at him. That morning he was wearing a white shirt and tie under a brown cardigan, navy trousers and smart black shoes. The door buzzed and he turned around.
“This way,” Michelangelo said and pulled the door open. “Follow me.”
He skipped across the smart foyer and took the stairs beyond three at a time. Carlos bounded after him. On the first landing, Michelangelo took a corridor and skipped passed the doors without even looking. At the far end, there was an alcove decorated with books and with a door set at the back. He knocked on it.
“What are you doing?” Carlos said. “How do you know where we are?”
“I told you,” Michelangelo said. “He’s my friend. I got him to talk to you.”
The door opened. Professor Gerry Turner stepped out. He looked bigger and more intimidating than he did in the bar. He was dressed in a white lab coat and he glared at Carlos. Then his eyes turned to Michelangelo. Carlos frowned.
“Michelangelo,” Professor Gerry Turner said and shook his hand. “Come in, come in.”
He stood aside. Michelangelo skipped in. Carlos moved in more carefully behind him. He glared at Professor Gerry Turner, who shut the door.
“Sit down,” he said and gestured to the rows of lab benches.
Michelangelo sat and, beaming, put his arms around his knees. Carlos sat more slowly, still frowning about him.
“How do you know him?” he asked Professor Gerry Turner and nodded at Michelangelo. “I thought I just made him up.”
“That’s quite simple, Carlos Rafael Wilson,” Professor Gerry Turner said. He bent over a lab bench and fiddled with a rack of test tubes. When he straightened up, he glared at Carlos. “I am a Shaman.” [To continue with this thread, please click here]. 
Carlos turned away from the road and smiled to himself. His manager was looking on the underside of one of the Astras. He wandered back to the bins and kicked the gravel a bit. He was hungry. Well, strictly that wasn’t true. He wasn’t hungry at all. He was bored but eating was something to keep the boredom at bay. He scratched the side of his neck. Something in the bins rustled. Carlos frowned at it. It rustled again. Something was scratching around at the bottom of the bin. Carlos tentatively lifted a foot and nudged the bin with his toe. The rustling stopped. Then it started again in earnest. Carlos thought about tipping the bin over and watching, as the paper and rubbish came blowing out, the little mouse come scrabbling out. Then he’d have to pick up all the discarded litter and his manager would probably ask what was going on. The only other way to see what was in the bin would be to lean into it and start pulling out handful of rubbish until he could see the bottom and whatever was making the noise. He didn’t fancy that though. He imagined a giant rat leaping at his jugular and then popping his eyes in his socket. If Tom had been with him, he’d have done it in an instant. Tom was someone who protected him, who he protected, a companion on life’s adventure. On his own, he’d just be rat mangled.
“I’m with you,” Michelangelo said.
“Nah, it’s stopped making a noise now,” Carlos said. “It might have found a way out.”
“You need to stop your dreams ruling your life.”
“Says the man comprised off nothing but dreams.”
Life was so much better when he had conflict. As a teenager, as Tom drifted off, conflict had ruled his life. Conflict defined life; the fight for something you wanted, the rejection of something you didn’t, the desire for something better. He needed conflict, he needed the other to fight against. Life was too ok at the moment. Manageable. His biggest problem had come with the sale of that Lamborghini. He had spent hours and hours chewing it over in his mind, unsure what to make of it. In a bid to make peace with Lauren and to keep her happy, he had spoken to her about it.
“My manager is so pleased with me about buying that car,” he told her down the phone one lunch break. “He’s talking about upgrading, joining other partnerships, getting a bigger allotment. He mentioned sending me on salesman seminars and stuff. He’s so proud over what I did. The thing is, I didn’t do anything. It was a fluke. I think I’d have probably got less for it if I’d asked. The guy just didn’t care.”
“So?” Lauren had said.
“So it was a fluke, luck, nothing to do with me. If you or Tony Blair or Katie Price had been here, the deal would have been the same. It was nothing to do with my talent, but the manager is acting like it was. I just feel like a fake. I don’t think he should be talking to me about pay rises or new jobs or new positions because I did nothing.”
“What’s the point in telling me?”
“I. I suppose I just wanted to share with you what I was feeling.”
“It doesn’t matter what I think, then,” Lauren said. “You are just like any other man; you’ll do what you want in the end.”
“Pardon? I couldn’t hear that.”
“I said, it doesn’t matter what I think.”
“But what do you think?”
“Nothing really. Even if I did, it wouldn’t make a difference because you always do what you want anyway. Men do. And you always will, long after I’m gone.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“I mean you never come to me for advice. You don’t appreciate me, Carlos. Here I am, working all day on frozen pay, my dad has no job, Nan’s ill and you don’t think I’m worth anything.”
“It sounds bad when you say it like that.”
“Carlos! I don’t have time for your games. I was late in today because I was taking dad to work and now-”
“I thought he was made redundant?”
“We thought that was the case but it looks like he does still have his job.”
“Oh right. Well that’s good news then.”
“No, it’s not, Carlos, are you not listening to me? Hold on, let me just read you out the text that Freya sent me at lunch. I cannot believe how harsh she was.”
“Is she the one that stole your locker?”
“And the one who said my Comic Relief brownies were dry,” Lauren said dramatically. “I mean, who does she think she is, right?”
“Right.” Carlos nodded. “How terrible.”
“How terrible,” his manager said to him.
Carlos turned. His manager was holding up a newspaper by the hut.
“What’s that?”
“A property in rural Wales was blown up yesterday.”
“Blown up?”
“Yes. Three men were found at the scene, two critically injured.” The manager turned the page. “One had had his jaw broken with the handle of an axe. I didn’t think the Welsh had it in them. Here, have a read.”
He handed the paper over. Carlos took it. Michelangelo pulled a face at him.
“Spooky,” he said.
“Not really.”
He wandered a few feet away and sat on the fence. He opened the paper and flicked through. He didn’t read the Wales story. His eyes fell on the horoscopes. He found Scorpio and read: your whimsical nature and unfulfilled desires hint at your previous lives, where you were probably a dolphin or bird and much more used to the freedom of-
He shut the paper and put it beside him. He watched the road. A fire engine shot passed and he felt the ground shake beneath him. Once, he and Tom had been crossing a railroad just outside of Norwich and the train had come passed. The noise had been immense, the ground shook like an earthquake and the metal tracks screamed. It was like the approaching apocalypse. He had clamped his hands over his head and thrown himself to one side, Tom beside him. Tom was shouting something as the train hurtled passed but Carlos couldn’t hear what it was. He remembered, on that day, Tom had had a golf club with him. In recent weeks, Tom had been wanting to get into golf but he said he wouldn’t pay a few hundred pounds for the a complete set of clubs, so he went about buying bargain drivers or number nines here and there. Whilst they’d been in Norwich, he’d seen an offer on a putter in Sport Direct and had bought it, then spent the rest of the day wandering around with it over his shoulder, drawing odd looks from passer bys and the lady behind the counter in the coffee shop. Carlos remembered praying, as he lay tucked in on himself by the rail track, the carriages screaming passed, that Tom had got the golf club well out of the way and it wasn’t about to be caught under the train to whip Tom off, down the line, or electrocute him as it touched the metal tracks. 
“Have you ever been to Norwich, Carlos?”
“Pardon?”
He turned again. His manager had rolled up the paper and was swinging it at flies in the midday heat.
“Norwich? You ever been? Only I want to pick up a car there next Friday.”
“No, uh, yeah I have been,” Carlos said. “I’ll go, if you want.”
“Excellent.”
“Now,” Michelangelo said and sat beside him, “that’s spooky.”
“I feel like I am occasionally psychic,” Carlos said and stuck his foot in the gravel, “like I know the answer before I even know what the question is.”
Michelangelo pointed his long, smooth finger at him.
 “At some point in their lives, everyone does Carlos. Rafael. Wilson.” He picked up the paper that the manager had dropped on the floor and opened it. “It’s the great shared consciousness of the universe. Everything is connected. Oh look, they’re doing a sale on golf clubs at Sports Direct.” He said and turned the page. “Have you got a whole set?”
“I think I’m missing one or two.”
“Maybe you should get down there and have a look.”
Carlos didn’t move. His hands were gripping the fence tightly, so that his knuckles went white. Not out of fear or discomfort but through memory. He was remembering the time he had crawled in through the wrong window at Elva’s apartment and how the old man had offered him tea. His hands had been gripping the side of the sink then, just like this as he debated whether to accept the offer or not. It would give him time to think. Or should he just get it over with? What was the most profitable course of action?
“Hmm?” the man said and put the kettle on. “Tea then?”
“Ok.” Carlos let go of the side. “Sure, thank you very much.”
“Go sit, sit,” the man said and nodded through to the living room. “I’ll bring it through.”
Carlos went into the living room and sat. The cat followed him and jumped up onto his knees, then nuzzled his face. Tom had had a cat when they’d been twelve. He could remember Tom, in his school uniform, skinny and pale in the winter sun, picking it up and holding it to his face. His wrists were so thin, they were lost amongst the thick fur. Haz had pushed him over and laughed as the cat panicked and scratched him in an effort to get away.
“You’re such a baby,” he had said as Tom stood up and rubbed his scratches. “It’s only a cat. It’ll be dead soon.”
“We’ll all be dead soon,” Carlos had said.
“Shut up, Carlos,” Haz said and threw a football at him. “Look at, Tommy, he’s going to start to cry. What a baby.”
“If you’ve made that boy cry again!” his grandmother called from somewhere in the house. “You will be in trouble Haz!”
“I haven’t!” Haz shouted back.
“He pushed me over!” Tom called.
“Quiet, Tom, grownups are talking,” Haz said.
“Bing!” his grandmother called. “Are they fighting or not?”
All three of them looked at Bing, tall and thin, his eyes sharp. He pushed his glasses up his nose.
“Everything is under control,” he called back and Haz patted him on the back. “It’s fine.”
“Yeah mate,” Haz said. “Come on, Bing.” He left the room. “I want to drive you by town before work.”
“You ok?” Bing said to Tom.
Tom nodded.
“Thank you,” Carlos said and took the tea off the old man. “What’s this you’re watching?”
He nodded at the T.V.
“Britain’s Got Talent,” the man said and sat on the sofa beside him. The cat leapt off Carlos’ legs and jumped onto his. “I think it’s great, don’t you? What a brilliant country Britain truly is.”
“Almost back to the heyday of its Empire days,” Carlos said and sipped his tea. “I mean, you can see that, clearly, from watching this.”
The man nodded. Carlos watched the T.V. Some of the contestants were clearly deranged, living out fantasy lives and illusions. Carlos thought they were the most interesting. He wished he was strong enough to be properly insane, life would make so much more sense then. He wanted society to force him out. He’d have direction then. Fight.  
He finished his tea and set the cup on the coffee table. There was a jigsaw of a hot air balloon in the sky above some fields there, half finished, the incomplete side fragmented and crumbling like it was being blown away in the wind.
“I’ll be going,” he said and stood up.
“Remember,” the man smiled at him, “Magdalene on floor four has the keys.”
“Thank you very much.”
“Do you want me to show you out?”
“I can find the door. Bye, thanks for the tea.”
Carlos left the apartment. The hall beyond was dark and lit by small orange lights that cast the stairs into a gloomy haze. He started to climb. He could remember where Elva’s flat was now. She was number 16. Sixteen had always been a lucky number of his and this played over in his mind whenever he thought about Elva. She was so different from everyone else he knew. He couldn’t believe she had allowed herself to enter the social order.
He reached number sixteen and knocked. There was silence. He knocked again. He heard footsteps and the door opened slightly. Elva looked out at him.
“Go away, Carlos.”
“I just want to talk. For Marc’s sake.”
“Go away,” she said more forcefully.
“If you send me away, he’ll just come and stand here,” Carlos said. “It makes sense for you to talk to me then I can go back and tell him not to bother.”
“You can go back and tell him that now.”
“Ok.” Carlos nodded. “If that’s what you want, I will. I just wanted to make sure there was nothing bothering you, nothing you wanted to talk about. Something must be up.”
“I have friends to talk to,” Elva said. “Not strangers.”
“Sometimes they’re best. I have an objective view, I won’t put my opinion in, I’ll just listen.”
Elva pulled a face at him but then stood back and opened the door wider. Carlos bowed his head in respect and stepped into her flat. It was much brighter than the stairwell and he blinked.
“Go and sit in the lounge,” Elva said. “I’ll just get a drink.”
“I’m ok thanks,” Carlos said. “I just had tea.”
“I wasn’t offering you one,” Elva said. “You can’t force your way in here then drink up all my goods. Now go and sit in there and stay sat until I come back.”
Carlos did as she said. Michelangelo sat close beside him and pulled a face. Carlos looked at the DVD shelf opposite him; there was Titanic on video and DVD, special extended edition. Michelangelo nudged him and pointed it out but both were too scared to talk out loud. They sat in silence until she swaned back in and leant in the doorway. She sipped her glass of orange juice and looked at him.
“So?” she said.
Carlos held up his palms.
“So what?”
“What did you want to talk about?” Elva said and sat in the spare chair.
“Anything you want,” Carlos said. He looked at the coffee table; the Brothers Grimm book of Fairytales was laying there next to a pen and pad of paper. “I’m here to listen to you.”
“So if I started talking about cornflakes, you’d be happy to listen?”
“Sure, whatever you want.”
“Don’t be stupid, Carlos,” Elva said. “I know you’re here to talk about Marc.”
“He just wants to know why the wedding is off.”
“Because I don’t love him anymore.”
“You don’t define yourself by him?”
“God, no.” Elva finished her drink and set it down beside her chair. “The thought of defining myself by that makes me sick.”
“Well, I suppose there’s nothing else to discuss,” Carlos said. “I’ll go back and tell Marc.”
“Good.”
They sat in silence for a few minutes. Michelangelo scratched his face, then nudged Carlos. He nodded at him and raised his eyebrows. Carlos sighed.
“Can I just ask,” he said, “did you ever love Marc?”
“I thought I did.”
“So he defined you for a period?”
“I thought he did.”
“What made you stop thinking that?”
Elva picked up the empty glass and rubbed her finger around the inside. She scratched her lip.
“I started defining myself by another,” she said. “Not cheating or an affair,” she added. “More of an idea, an ideal, and the more I defined myself by that, the less and less I wanted anything to do with Marc.” Carlos nodded. “The boy I fancied most in my whole life,” Elva said, “was a guy by the name of Joseph Burton. The boy I fancied more than any other. Do you know how old I was when I knew him?”
Carlos shook his head.
“Twelve,” Elva said. “Or eleven. I say know him: I never said anything to him. At our school, you were split into different houses and you wore a different colour tie whatever house you were in etc, etc.” She waved her hand. She was watching the glass intently. “He was in the Blue Tie House, I was in Silver, so we never had any classes together, we never shared a room, we had lunch at different times. I just used to spot him in the corridor or coming out of class and I’d swoon.” She smiled. “My heart would stop, my face was flush; he was the most glorious thing I’d ever seen. Braces,” she said and smiled again, to no one in particular. “Uncombed hair, really small and skinny. I never heard him say a word. I only saw him in passing or through doors to classrooms or when I sat a few rows behind him in assembly but I never saw him speaking. His friends would all be shouting around him, Joseph! Joseph! And he’d just smile. I always thought it was so cool they called him Joseph and not Joe. Joseph Burton.” She smiled. “For that year, I defined myself by him, definitely, I just wanted to know him, to talk to him. On sports day, he ran the four hundred metres for the boys and won. I ran it in the afternoon with the girls and won as well. At that moment, to me, we were the same person. I was so proud. I was Joseph Burton, he was me. A few weeks later, a policeman came to our school to talk about rail track safety. There was a train line running through the town and students at the school kept getting run down there, so he came in to talk to us about safety.” She looked up at Carlos and her gaze was like hot fire. Carlos nodded and he felt Michelangelo nod beside, wrapped with attention. “Anyway,” Elva said, “this police guy asked for the fastest boy and girl in the year. Everyone could remember how we’d won the four hundred metres and all my friends said to me, ‘Elva, Elva, go up, you’re the fastest girl, you go up.’” Elva pretended to wave to someone behind Carlos and he smiled. “‘Here, sir, here! Elva’s the fastest girl!’” Carlos smiled more broadly. “I remember looking behind me. All Joseph’s friends were saying the same to him: ‘Go on, Joseph, go on, you’re the fastest boy, go up.’ But he was too shy. He shook his head and looked at his crossed legs. He was too dignified to parade in front of the year. I got up though. I was buzzing with the attention. I wonder what he thought of me.” Elva scratched her chin. “For going up and milking the attention when he remained so composed.”
“What did the policeman want you to do?” Michelangelo asked.
“What did the policeman want you to do?” Carlos asked.
“Oh, he’d measure out the width of the train track and he wanted to show the entire year that even the fastest runners couldn’t cross it quick enough to escape being hit by the train. He sounded this buzzer and I had to run across the track and get to the other side before the buzzer stopped.”
“Did you do it?”
“Sure I did.” Elva stopped. “It shoved his demonstration right back in his face. But I didn’t care. I just cared what Joseph Burton thought. I bet he thought I was an attention seeking little drama queen. I bet I severed our connection right there.”
Carlos laughed quietly.
“What happened? To Joseph Burton in the end?” he said.
“I told my best friend that I really fancied him. I wanted some advice you see: should I approach him? Should I talk to him? How should I do it? Should I forget it? His friends were so cool and popular, how could I compete? He was Blue Tie, I was Silver, it’d never happen. Well, of course, as soon as I told her, my friend, that I fancied this boy, she did too. She was an attention seeking little drama queen. She always used to lie to us in primary school, saying she had a boyfriend in America, or that she’d broken her leg or that she’d met Daniel Radcliffe on holiday. We all knew she was a bit of a fibber and it didn’t really bother us when she was just making stuff up about other people. But when she said she fancied Joseph Burton too and started saying things like ‘he smiled at me today. I was in his maths class, the timetable was changed, we sat next to each other and I made him laugh, he let me borrow this pencil, I’m sitting with him at lunch, I’m going round his house after school’ it started to make me feel sick. And I mean physically sick. I went off my food, I did poor at school, I could barely run. I couldn’t stop imagining them going out and holding hands in front of me and he loving her and all, because I’d fancied him first. I thought I’d die. So I put an anvil on my feelings.”
“How do you mean?”
“I just stopped feeling them. I squashed them down. I forced myself to stop thinking of him, I forced myself to stop talking to him in my head, I forced myself to look the other way when I saw him in the corridor. I forced myself to just move on. Then, at the start of year eight, he stopped coming in. My friend, the attention seeker, said it was because they had gone out over the summer and broken up and he couldn’t bear to go back to school. But I heard his parents had put him in a private school because he was good at maths and running and they didn’t think state school would make the best of his talents.” She smiled at Carlos. “I wonder whatever happened to him. Since Marc proposed, I started thinking about him more and more and more, and the age at which I had known him and dreamed of him. Twelve was perfect for me, my ideal age, where everything was possible; boys were so daring and adventurous, no clubs or drinking, just tree climbing and summer, blazers on the field and laughing. And me and Joseph Burton could be friends, anything was possible, everything would happen, the entire future was open to us. That defined me, the hope, the anticipation of the future. I started to feel by getting married, I was moving away from childhood, maturing, becoming someone different.”
“And that’s bad?”
“Sure it is.” Elva nodded. “I always thought that twelve year old me was the real me. That’s who I was. That was my character, my personality. If I move away from that, I won’t be me. I can’t be happy or safe or secure or confident with myself because I know it’s not the real me. What is me? Is me just a name we give to us in the here and now and it only lasts a second? We’re all just a composite of a thousand mes that have burst into life over the years, only to be covered by a new me a second later. We’re just millions of mes that make a whole me only when you step back and look at them all, like a Sunday Afternoon. I don’t know. I just feel that by getting married, whoever the real me was has gone, Carlos, left, and it’s like she never was. It knocked me over, that thought. I remembered Joseph Burton; he was the symbol of me at twelve, he was who I wanted to be, he defined the me I was searching for. By thinking of him, by loving him again and releasing that anvil, I felt closer to my true self. The beauty, the light, the freedom, Joseph Burton’s braces as he smiled in that split second instant we passed one another in the corridor. And it made Marc look like an old tin can. I didn’t want to be with him at all. I wanted to be twelve, I wanted Joseph Burton back. I started acting overly childish with Marc, trying to get back to that childhood. I pulled faces, did silly voices, called people mummy and daddy; which I never even did when I was twelve. I was tough and independent back then, dirty and untameable. The twelve year old I was trying to be is just a poor copy, an image of what I think a twelve year old should be and not the me I’m searching for at all. I thought, what would the real twelve year old me do? What would that dirty, wild, tough girl do?”
“Break up with Marc,” Michelangelo said.
“Break up with Marc,” Elva said. “So I did.  The twelve year old is the real me, Carlos. That’s the age I belong at. If I get married, I lose that forever. I lose that sense of hope and freedom, I lose everything I ever was or ever wanted to be.” [To continue with this thread, please click here].


Chapter Nine:

Carlos picked up a stone and skimmed it across the allotment gravel. Michelangelo watched him, then went back to running his hands through his thick dark hair.
“Carlos,” his manager said from the hut, “you’re always up to something. Do us a favour and ring autotrader for information on these three cars.” He held up a slip of paper, “You know, phone numbers, locations, see if you can talk to the owners.”
“Ok,” Carlos said and stood up. He took the paper. “Sure thing.”
He went and sat by the phone in the hut. It was boiling in there. The wood absorbed the heat from outside it seemed and then reflected it inwards. Carlos picked up the phone and pressed the speed dial for Autotrader. Michelangelo wandered in, his shirt tied around his forehead so that he looked like a Spanish tennis player with a headband on, and gave a great sigh.
“Man,” he said and opened a window. “Is he trying to torture you for information? You can’t work in this heat.”
Carlos ignored him.
“Hello,” he said to the voice on the phone. “My name is Carlos Rafael Wilson, I work at McEnroe’s Second Hand Car Allotment just outside of...yes, that’s right, that’s right, that’s us.” He looked up at Michelangelo, who was drawing something on the wall of the hut with a biro, and threw a stapler at him. It crashed off the wall.
“What was that?” the voice on the phone said.
“I just knocked the stapler off the desk.”
“Oh right.” The voice laughed. “I thought you were torturing someone for information. Give me the reference numbers of the cars you’re interested in.”
Carlos gave them over and then waited, doodling on a spare bit of paper and watching the light hanging above his head. Some days, that light didn’t work. It wasn’t too bad on summer days like this, when the sun rose and set outside of opening hours but in winter it meant you were sitting in the dark at four o’clock on a cold evening, with the wind rattling outside and the smell of rain in the air.
“I’ll email those details through to you, to save relaying the information over the phone,” the voice said. “Same email address?”
“As ever, thank you very much.”
“No problems, Mr. Wilson. Speak to you soon.”
Carlos hung up. He went and fetched the laptop and opened it up. It was almost out of battery but they dare not charge it in the hut for the same reason that the light sometimes wouldn’t work; the electrics were shot. He prayed it would stay alive for him as he logged into the business hotmail and waited, watching the battery life on the bottom right of the screen. When he had been a boy, he and Tom had enjoyed jumping up and down on the bed in Tom’s room, acting like it was a trampoline. Aged eight, Carlos had gone home to his own room one day and tried it on his bed. Still in his school shoes and shorts, he bounded up and down on the duvet, his arms in the air, and every time he reached the peak of his jump, a blinding bolt of hot, sharp fire would shoot down his arm, from the tips of his fingers. It didn’t make him stop. He kept jumping, higher and higher, desperate to feel that zap again. He thought it was the power of God, marking him out as the Messiah, infusing him with molten power and wisdom.
“Carlos! Stop doing that!” his mother had called from the landing. “The whole kitchen roof is shaking!”
Carlos slowed his jumped. The bed sagged beneath him. He looked at his hand and flexed the fingers, then slowly turned it round to look at his palm. He had been touched by the power of the Divine. Who was to say what he now could do. He pointed his hand at a book on his desk and willed it to move, to float across the room towards him.
An email appeared in the hotmail account and Carlos sat up and opened it. He printed out the information and then tried to ring the owners. There was no answer from the first one. The second one answered but didn’t know anything about the car and could he call back later when his wife was home and she’d tell him, and the third was an incorrect number.
Carlos switched the laptop off and stood up, the print outs in his hand. He paused. Then he pointed his hand across the room at a book on the shelf and willed it to move, to float across the room towards him.
It didn’t, of course. Just like it hadn’t done when he was eight. Halfway through his vain attempt at demonstrating the power of God through telekinesis, his dad had come in with a little box.
“What you up to, son?” he asked and pulled the chair to stand by the bed.
“Nothing, dad, what are you doing?” 
“Just putting a new light bulb in,” his dad said and opened the box. He pulled out a little white orb and then screwed it into the empty light socket above the bed. “Your mother pointed out that we hadn’t replaced the one we took out yesterday. Oh, careful.” As the light fitted into place, it flashed on and his dad quickly withdrew his hand. “Has it been switched on all this time?” he said as Carlos flipped the switch by the door and covered the room into sunlit rays once more. “I might have been electrocuted.” 
Carlos smiled to himself and took the paper out of the hut. He handed it to his manager, who spoke to him about one of the ancient cars they had in the back of the allotment. Carlos nodded and then went to get the MOT certificate. It was a beat up old sixties car, black, with big side windows that you might imagine a politician or pop star sitting in as the car slowly cruised through a crowd of people all hammering on the windows and trying to see in. Carlos peered through the window and tried to see in. Michelangelo was sitting on the back seat, wearing a pair of sunglasses. He pretended to wave and smile at the crowds and then put a coat over his head so Carlos couldn’t see him.
Aged seventeen, Carlos remembered as he walked round the car and tested the tyres, he imagined he’d be famous; there’d be people screaming his name, wanting him to sign books, old friends recognising him in papers and marvelling that they once knew him, Jo Gardner trying to contact him and being overwhelmed with love for him. There’d be fans camped outside his house, websites devoted to him, his face on magazines, adverts, billboards, bus stops. Everywhere. He was going to be an icon, the most talked about man in the world, the guy everyone wanted to meet and to know.
Carlos opened the driver’s door and popped the bonnet, then walked round to the front to lift it up. The engine gleamed. It was in perfect condition. He pulled the dipstick out and checked the oil.  When he got to about the mid twenties, he started to get sick of this fantasy; it wasn’t a fantasy really. It was just loads of people knowing who he was. So what? What had he done? What was he famous for? Was it really that big a deal? There were thousands of famous people out there. In a hundred years, he may just be forgotten. Who’d want to live in a world where crowds of strangers hounded you, asked you to write your name thousands of times, took your picture, got you to say things over and over like a toy, a play thing, just there to provide amusement for them before they lost interest and moved on to someone else?  He wouldn’t be able to live normally, or do anything he wanted to do. His face would be in the papers when he went shopping, when he met people, when he drove his car. It made him feel sick. Fame? So what? He wanted peace and quiet, a life to do what he wanted, adventure, flight. Sweet flight, no matter how famous he got, he’d never be able to fly like Peter Pan. As he approached thirty, when those fantasies drifted into his mind they made him angry and intensely silent; he didn’t want them anymore, he wanted them to go away, fame would do nothing for him, it would give him nothing, he wouldn’t be any happier for it. He hated the whole concept of it and wished the idea had never entered his mind.
The car needed oil. He set the dipstick down and went to the store cupboard behind the hut to find the oil. There wasn’t much left.
“Did you want me to go out and buy some more?” he asked the manager, who was sat inside the hut playing solitaire.
“Great idea, Carlos, man. Take one of the new cars to give it a run around.”
Carlos and Michelangelo got in the Vauxhall Astra and quickly drove away before the manager could change his mind and decide he wanted to come with them. The road was busier at that time in the afternoon. Carlos supposed it was parents going to school to pick up kids. He and Tom had never got picked up from school, not even when they went to the high school and it was three miles from home. They’d walk back across the fields, swinging sticks or taking off their shoes to walk through the river. Carlos rubbed a hand through his hair as the traffic started to move; all those things he’d done with Tom, all the adventures they’d had, the belief that he was going to be something, someone great, all those ideas and desires and fantasies, all that power he felt. All the teachers that looked him in the eye and said ‘Carlos, something bigger awaits you.’ 
Carlos turned the car into the Halfords car park.
“What happened to me?” he said to Michelangelo as he chose a space at the far back. “What happened to all those dreams?”
“Where do dreams go,” Michelangelo said, “when they’re not your dreams anymore?”
“I was going to go to so many amazing places,” Carlos said and shut the engine off. “And see so many wonderful things, meet so many marvellous people. Now look at me.” He opened the door and stepped out. “What would those marvellous people think if they looked at me now? Trapped, ordinary, boring, worthless forgotten.” He shut the car door. Michelangelo climbed out of his window and jogged across the car park after him. “I hate Lauren, I can’t level with her,” Carlos said as he walked, his hands in his pockets. “No one will ever know the depths of my heart.”
They wandered round Halfords for a few minutes before Michelangelo found the oil.
“Over here Carlos!” he called. “It’s here, mate.”
Carlos put down the windscreen wipers he’d been looking at and wandered over. Michelangelo was holding a white plastic bottle.
“We need loads,” Carlos said and picked up another bottle. “Do you think they do bulk?”
“No, where do you usually go?”
“Manager always goes here.” Carlos looked around. He saw a couple of workers in orange aprons leaning by the windscreen washer fluid and talking.
“...going to call him Niccolo,” one of them said. “You know after, what’s his name.”
“Oh, déjà vu,” the other one said. “I’ve been here before.”
Carlos caught the eye of one of them and waved them over. 
“We want to bulk buy this,” he told them as they reached him. He held up the plastic bottle. “Is that something you do?”
“Are you from the car allotment?”
“Yeah.”
“Your manager always asks this. We tell him every time, no. Just take what you want from the shelves.”
“Oh right.” Carlos turned and looked at the shelf. “It’s nearly a tenner a bottle though. No discount?” He turned to look at the assistant who looked stonily back at him. Michelangelo whistled and started taking bottles off the shelf. The checkout lady was a lot friendlier.
“I use this type of oil,” she said as she passed it over the scanner. “It’s good isn’t it?”
Carlos put on fake smile and nodded.
“Sure is.”
“How come you need so many bottles? You own a lot of cars?”
“Just bored,” Carlos said and they both laughed hysterically. Carlos was good at fake laughing. He could do the genuine glint in the eye, which told whoever was sharing the joke with him that there was a special bond between them, a bond that would be remembered long after their meeting was gone. “Truth is,” Carlos said and began bagging up the oil, “I work on the second hand car allotment just outside of town.”
“Oh really?”
“Yeah, we have over twenty cars in so it makes sense to keep a good supply of oil.” He did the eye glint again and the woman beamed. “Just in case.”
“Well, that’s fantastic. It’s one hundred and eighty nine pounds seventy six pence, please.”
Carlos paid on the company credit card that he had in his wallet. They only had one and his manager wasn’t trusted with it. Neither of them said this but it was obvious between the pair; Carlos kept the card in his wallet and if the manager wanted to buy something, he would ask, give an estimated price and then show Carlos the receipt upon the handing back of the card. The manager said it was because Carlos was the accountant and that’s what Carlos told everyone else.
“Well, goodbye,” Carlos said to the checkout lady when the transaction was done. “Thank you.”
“Thank you.” She waved.
Carlos picked up his bags and left with the smile on his face. When the automatic doors had slid shut behind him, he dropped it at once and crossed the car park scowling. He hated fake smile and fake laugh but it served a purpose. That woman’s day may have brightened up. Her desperate desire for mundane conversation and dialogue with strangers had been fulfilled because he had refused to be selfish. He should feel proud. It was a gift, fake smile and fake laugh. It helped him pretend to be polite to all these sickeningly trivial conversations sprouting from mundane people who worked at checkouts. He opened the boot of the car and started putting the bags in. But what if they were all pretending as well? What if that checkout girl did fake smile just as well as he? What if she was now scowling and thinking, what a mundane little man, how trivial his conversation?
Carlos shut the boot.
“I’m going to walk into town,” he told Michelangelo who was going round and round the empty car parking spaces on a scooter. “You coming?”
“Sure, Carlos,” Michelangelo said and scooted over to him. The little plastic wheels rattled across the tarmac and the father of a family walking for the store paused and turned, his ears half cocked at the noise.
“Come on then,” Carlos said and put his hands in his pockets. “This way.”
He stopped off at a newsagents and perused the magazines. One of them had a picture of a red Lamborghini on the front. He bought a Cadbury’s Dairy Milk bar. The man behind the counter pretended to play the drums. Carlos blinked at him.
“Phil Collins.” The man smiled and tapped a price into his till. “From the ad?”
“Oh right,” Carlos said and paid. “Yeah.”
Outside, walking down the sunlit street, he realised he’d forgotten to be polite to that man. He hadn’t even smiled. He should have smiled and engaged with him. He knew what the drums meant really, he just refused to acknowledge that a gorilla on the drums meant chocolate. The two symbols had no relation to one another. A few years back, he’d gone travelling around Germany and Switzerland on a train, for no other reason than the fact he’d had some money. Michelangelo went with him and wore an impeccably pristine white suit and black bow tie for the entire trip. When Carlos and he had got back, everyone was laughing about a gorilla on the drums, Phil Collins, who Carlos had never heard of, and Cadbury’s. Carlos was completely confused.
“It’s an advert on TV, you loser,” Haz had said to him one day when he, Carlos and Bing were sitting in the conservatory at their grandparent’s house. From the wall, photos of Rafael and Carlos Benito looked down on them, black and white and cracked with age so Carlos couldn’t tell if they were drawings or not.
“I haven’t seen it,” Carlos said.
“It was on whilst you were away,” Bing said. He was dressed in his cassock and dog collar. He pushed his glasses up his nose.
“On your bender trip.”
“It was just a gorilla playing Phil Collins,” Bing said. “And it said Cadbury’s at the end.”
“It was amazing,” Haz said. “Wasn’t it Bing?”
“It was also ridiculous,” Bing said. “But that’s our culture at the moment. Due to advertising, a gorilla on the drums now means chocolate in our society. They have no relation to one another, no connection, their relation is arbitrary but, to everyone else, that’s what it means.” He looked at Carlos. “You seem distracted, Carlos. Are you sure you want to be here? We’re not keeping you from being anywhere else?”
“No, no, no, no, no.” Carlos smiled. “No, of course I want to be here.”
“He’s got nowhere else to go,” Haz said. “Look at him, Bing. His only friends are us.”
Carlos finished his chocolate bar and put the wrapper in the bin. It meant nothing to him. He walked passed HMV and saw that there was an offer on Phil Collins CDs. In the shop next door, there was an arrangement of flat screen, HD T.V.s, all 3D enabled and with Sky Plus and Freeview installed. Carlos stopped and looked at the display. The T.V.s were all tuned to a news channel which showed fighting in a desert country. Rocket launchers were exploding from behind a truck and vanishing into the distance. The reporter was crouching behind the truck, trying to talk to the camera, which was shaking from side to side. The picture changed to an aerial view of a factory by the sea, which had the caption: Chernobyl. A Japanese spokesperson was saying something but the volume wasn’t turned up so Carlos couldn’t hear anything. He watched for a few more minutes, then kept walking, hands in pockets, down the street.    
He asked himself, over and over again, late at night when he couldn’t sleep, first thing when he woke up, when he drove to work, when he ate, when he wandered round town trying to kill some minutes before returning to the allotment, the same question: what would Tom think of him now? If he saw him just working at the allotment and in a relationship with Lauren? Not an adventurer, like him, or an intellect or a warrior, or any of the things they’d said they’d be; just stagnating into old age with Lauren. Carlos couldn’t imagine what he’d say. Would it just confirm for Tom that he was always weak? Or would it make him think Carlos a tortured genius trapped in another life, just waiting to break out?
Carlos wasn’t sure. He got back to the car and turned the engine on. He sat for several minutes in the driver’s seat, just staring through the windscreen. Then he rubbed his face, put the car into gear and drove back. Depression enriches the life in its wake, Michelangelo had told him. He took a deep breath and smiled. He was riding the wave.


Chapter Ten:

“How many did you get?” his manager asked as he got out of the car.
“Eighteen bottles.”
“Good lad, stick them behind the hut. Also, Lauren called for you. She said it was urgent and that you needed to ring her back as soon as possible.” His manager looked concerned. “I hope nothing is wrong. She sounded quite upset. I’ve written her number next to the phone so you don’t have to hunt for it. Leave the bottles for a minute, go and ring her now.”
“Oh right.” Carlos nodded. “Thank you.”
Carlos went into the hut. His shirt caught on a nail by the door and he heard it tear. He looked down. That nail had always been sticking out there. He’d never paid it any attention and it had never caught him. What had he been doing wrong today? Walking too far to the left? Stooping? He sat behind the desk. He sighed and looked at the number written on a scrap of newspaper beside the phone. He knew it off by heart anyway. He glanced up; his manager was watching him through the window. Carlos smiled and picked up the phone. He made a show of reading the number off the paper and when he next glanced up, his manager had gone. The time to hang up had passed though and after half a ring, Lauren answered in a breathless whisper.
“Hello?”
“It’s me,” Carlos said. Michelangelo handed him a pencil and he started doodling on the phone number. Michelangelo sat on the desk and smiled, then got a paintbrush out and chased Carlos’ pencil with it. “What’s up?”
“I just...Carlos, I don’t want to talk about it. You’re busy, you’ve got other things you’d rather be doing.”
“No,” Carlos said, his voice flat. “No. Please tell me what the problem is.”
“I can’t, Carlos,” Lauren said and sniffed. “Just forget about it. Ok?”
“Ok. Can I go then?”
Lauren was silent.
“Fine,” she said after a while and her voice was sharp. “Fine, ok. Good. I’ll speak to you later.”
Carlos, who had been anticipating, manipulating, searching for this change in mood, shut his eyes.
“Why are you annoyed now?” 
“I’m not annoyed, Carlos,” Lauren said in a hiss. “If you want to go, then go. God, this is so typical of men.”
“You just said I’m busy and have got things I’d rather be doing.”
“You don’t even want to hear what’s troubling me?”
“Yes but you said-”
“It’s fine, Carlos, it’s fine. I see now what you really think.”
“I’m going to hang up in three minutes,” Carlos said. “Because I have got other things I want to do. I rang you to see if you’re alright but if you don’t tell me what the problem is, I can’t just sit on the end of the phone in silence. You either tell me or you don’t, that’s fine, but don’t expect me to sit here doing nothing.”
“No need to be sharp, Carlos. I just wanted you to care.”
“I do care,” Carlos lied. “Now please, just tell me.”
“Gillian at work is ignoring me,” Lauren said.
“Right.” Carlos pinched the bridge of his nose. “Why is that?”
“I don’t know, Carlos. What should I do? I can’t work because of it. It’s put me right off. I don’t want to go in the staff room anymore. I might go home sick, do you think that’s a good idea?”
“You can’t go home sick forever,” Carlos said. “If she’s ignoring you, act like you don’t notice. That’ll really annoy her.”
“No, Carlos, it’ll make it look like I want to be friends with her.”
“Don’t you though? If you were friends, there wouldn’t be this problem.”
“You don’t understand, Carlos. Just like men. God, why do I ever ask you anything?”
“Pardon? I couldn’t catch that.”
“Oh, just forget it.”
“Try ignoring her back,” Carlos suggested. “If she wants to play childish games, rise above it and just get on with your work.”
“I’ll ring Hannah,” Lauren said. “She’ll know what to do. Bye, Carlos.”
“Bye.”
The phone went dead. Carlos dropped it back into the cradle.
“Let me guess,” Michelangelo said. “Colonel Gaddafi has told her that she’s got to start a war in his name in London. No? Ok, she got a bomb sent to her in the post? Not that either? Has she been drinking radioactive seawater from a broken nuclear factory in Japan? Crikey, not that?” Michelangelo tapped his chin. “Ah wait, is it because fat Jill from work’s eaten all her crisps?”
Carlos laughed.
“Yeah.” He nodded. “That’s exactly what the problem is.” He picked the phone up and pressed it to his ear. “I’ve just got to ring David Cameron and let him know,” he said. “Give us a minute, Michelangelo.”
Michelangelo laughed and clapped a hand against his thigh.
“That girl is unbelievable,” he said. “Don’t forget to notify the UN. How did you ever meet her?”
“Ah, she’ll be better when we live together,” Carlos said. “She’ll get sick of me then, fingers crossed, and go on and bother someone else.”
Carlos, his smile fixed, adjusted the phone in the cradle. They had met in the town library. Carlos had been spending the hours between finishing work and going to bed there, just wandering up and down the aisles and looking at all the books that he and Tom had read together as children. He was missing Tom terribly at that point. It was like there was a hole inside him; he was hollow and at any moment, his whole being was going to cave inwards and there’d be nothing left of him. He didn’t know what he was doing, where he was going, he had no obsessions, no passions, no nothing, just the empty road ahead of him. In the library, no one asked him questions, no one tried to talk to him. He just sat amongst the shelves on his own, looking at Milton’s Paradise Lost, Shakespeare and pictures of the Grand Canyon or Milford Sound in New Zealand and just wishing he knew what he was doing. Where was he going to be in five years time?
Lauren came in on Tuesdays and Thursdays and he started noticing her. Once, she smiled at him and he did his best fake smile back. Next time they saw each other, she said:
“How come you’re always here?”
“Am I always here?” Carlos asked.
“I see you here every evening I come,” Lauren said and smiled a smile so beautiful, Carlos didn’t think anything would ever match it again. “Sitting at the back by the books.”
“I just enjoy reading,” Carlos said. “That’s all. How about you? Why are you here?”
“I’m doing a diploma at work,” she said and held up a maths book. “Trainee accountant.”
“How is it?”
“The work is good but the study is dreadful.” She pulled a face.
“Oh no.”
“It’s ok.” She winked. “I can handle it. Besides, by the summer, it’ll all be done and I’ll be free again.”
Carlos smiled.
“What are your plans for the summer?”
“I’m taking a train trip round Europe,” Lauren said.
“Who with?”
“Just me,” Lauren said. “I love the independence of travelling alone. I love the inner exploration.”
Carlos was lifted off his feet. He walked around the library with her until she was done and watched her go. She barely said goodbye, she just waved her hand and then strode away, out of the doors, into the street and down the road. He watched her from the window. She carried herself so powerfully, head and shoulders above everyone else, the books under her arm, totally in control of everything. He watched as she smiled and waved to people in the street, as she gave way to prams, all the way until she disappeared at the top of hill.
He waited for her the next Tuesday and when she saw him, she came straight over.
“Hey,” she said. “Can I ask you a favour?”
“Sure,” Carlos said. “Sure anything. What’s up?”
“I just.” She looked over her shoulder. She was smiling and Carlos started smiling too.
“What is it?” he said.
“Ok.” She grabbed his wrist. “I need some help. I rent a house with my friend Hannah and we’re short of money this month.”
“Right.”
“We’ve had to cut back on certain luxuries and find new ways of acquiring other necessities.”
“Like what?”
“Like toilet paper,” Lauren said. “I was looking here yesterday. The caretaker’s cupboard is through that side door there.”
Carlos looked.
“Let’s go then,” he said.
“Not that easy,” Lauren said. “It’s locked, that door, we need to wait until someone goes through and then catch it before it shuts.”
Carlos laughed.
“Ok.” He nodded, his eyes bright. “Ok.”
They waited behind the self service machines. After about ten minutes of them huddled there, laughing and holding their hands to their mouths like kids, a librarian left the desk and went through the side door. Carlos strode out at once. He was just a customer at the library, he was just walking across the foyer, he was up to nothing. He took a book off the shelf and slid it between door and frame before the door shut. Then he kept walking. Behind him, Lauren stepped out from behind the self service machines and walked through the door without battering an eyelid. After a pause, Carlos turned and followed her.
“Quick,” she hissed as she held the door open. “This way.”
They ran down the corridor, Carlos was trying not to laugh. Lauren opened a door by the top of a flight of stairs and flicked on the light.
“Grab as much toilet paper as you can,” she said. “Put it in these black sacks.” She pulled a black sack off the roll on the shelf and gave it to Carlos. “Time is of the essence.”
“What about bleach?” Carlos said as he stuffed rolls into the bag. “And Flash and Mr. Muscle?”
“Yes, yes.” Lauren was giggling. “Yes, take it all.”
“Hey, get out of there.”
They both turned. The caretaker was striding down the corridor towards them. He pointed a finger in their direction.
“That’s theft. Put all that stuff down.”
“Run!” Lauren said and took off down the stairs.
Carlos grabbed the black sack and clattered after her. The stairs ended in a door.
“Locked!” Lauren shouted and stepped back. They could hear the caretaker thundering down the steps behind them. She smiled at Carlos. “We’re in trouble now.”
“No!” Carlos shouted. “Look!”
He leapt forward and slammed his hand on the door release button. The door clicked. Lauren pushed the bar and it swung outwards. They felt the cool evening air on their faces.
“Run!” Lauren shouted.
Carlos followed her into the works yard beyond. It was all gated off but there was a wall leading into the churchyard. Lauren leapt at the wall and pulled herself over it.
“Come on!” she shouted and vanished from sight.
Carlos threw the bag over and then scrambled after her. Laughing, holding the bag between them, they ran through the churchyard and into the street beyond. Neither of them had gone back to the library after that. They hadn’t needed to. They had wandered round town instead, or gone to Lauren’s and spoken to Hannah, or fed the ducks in the park. Lauren was funny and adventurous and just easy to be with. Carlos found himself dissolving with her until he had no worries at all, until it was just them.
“You’re cool,” she said to him. “I haven’t met any man like you.”
“Is she ok?” his manager asked from the doorway.
“Oh yeah.” Carlos nodded. “Her nan’s ill, that’s all. I’ll stack those bottles now.”
“Good man.” His manager stepped aside and then let out a sharp intake of breath. “Damn.” He said, looking down. “I’ve just caught my shirt on that nail.” He examined the nail, then looked at Carlos. “Has that always been there?”
Carlos nodded.
“Damn,” his manager said again. “I’ll have to watch that in the future.” He tutted. “Look at that. It’s torn right through the shirt.”
Carlos left the hut and went over to the car. Michelangelo had already started offloading a few of the bottles. Carlos took the rest out of the boot and then locked the car. He took the bottles behind the hut and then sat down and flicked bits of gravel in the drain. As they had got closer, Lauren had let him into her life. Her granddad had just died and there was some sort of black cloud hanging over her family which made it hard for her to go home and rest. She spent all her time either at work or with Hannah and money was tight. She had only just started the accountancy job and no one there was making the effort to know her. There was some fat woman name Jillian who kept giving her extra work to do and then telling her she’d done it wrong. Lauren had once walked in on her in the staff room whilst she was telling everyone in Human Resources what a bad trainee she was. Lauren said she’d just laughed it off but inside, it had really hurt. She was afraid she’d be sacked. Carlos comforted her; she made his own problems seem trivial. He thought, in five years time, I’ll be living with this girl. We’ll have travelled the world together. Maybe we’ll have kids and they’ll grow up to be adventurers, they’ll speak a thousand languages and be so clever, we’ll be sure they’ll be world leaders.
“I just don’t know what will become of me,” Lauren had said.
“I’ll be here,” Carlos replied. “Don’t worry.”
“Will you always be here though?” Lauren said.
“Yes.” Carlos nodded. He knew he couldn’t really confirm that at this early stage but this was one of those situations where it was better to lie than tell the truth. “Of course I will.”
From then on, Lauren had wanted to be with him all the time. She cancelled her train trip around Europe because he couldn’t get the time off to go as well, she waited for him to collect her from work and became stressed in the mornings if he couldn’t drop her off.
“I need you to walk in with me, Carlos,” she said. “I can’t take Jillian sneering at me. Just for this week, then she’ll back off.”
But Carlos was still doing it years later. The fun, exciting Lauren had gone. She didn’t like running anymore, she didn’t want to travel. She wanted to do her work. She complained about work and Carlos comforted her until he had repeated and repeated all his tokens of advice and suddenly realised he had nothing more to give.
“I love you, Carlos,” she said after four weeks of them being aware of each other’s existence. “And I’m going to be with you forever, just like you said. Forever and ever. If you left me, I don’t know what I’d do.”
It was in those early days, Carlos realised in hindsight, that he should have broken it off. He should have never let her think that. Was it wrong to get rid of a girl because she started getting clingy and miserable? There was no way he was ever going to escape. She knew that from the moment she’d smiled at him, like a black widow spinning a web; she had him. She’d trapped him from the start, with a smile and a wink, the promise of an exciting and beautiful future which was now souring before his eyes like crème fresh left on the side for too long. 
He had withdrawn from her, as early as two months into the relationship. He felt cheated. She wasn’t who he wanted. 
“In five years time,” he told her when she was getting stressed about her wages, “we’ll have a house and a joint income. We’ll be financially secure and safe.”
“I know that, Carlos, I know, I know. I’ve already been looking at houses on the market. But I don’t care about in five years time.” She slammed her ledger on the desk. “I care about now. About making ends meet now.”
Carlos still said it to her from time to time, almost like a mantra. He needed to hear that. His future, once so elusive and unknown, was rushing towards him like a speeding train. He was standing on the tracks, waiting for it, nodding and smiling and saying “yes, yes, this is where I’m supposed to stand.” A future with someone unbearable was surely better than no future at all. He wouldn’t be adrift in the universe like he once was. 
The last of the bits of gravel went into the drain. Carlos stood up. Or was being adrift where he belonged? Did he make a terrible mistake by voluntarily denying his freedom? Carlos went around the side of the hut; his manager was prowling round a Vauxhall Corsa, checking the bonnet, the tyres, the windows and the lights. He’d left the petrol cap open but Carlos didn’t have the energy to point that out just yet. He picked up a stone off the allotment floor and paused before throwing it into the bin beside the hut. He was making Lauren happy. If he wanted to be truly selfless he’d put Lauren’s needs before his own. It didn’t matter about him or about his existence or about his universe; just as long as he was making someone else, anyone else, happy he was alright. He threw the stone and it clattered into the bin with a loud rattle that made his manager jump and bang his head on the wing mirror.
Carlos went and sat in the hut and pulled out the calendar. He doodled on it for a while, then threw the pen down. He spun on the swivel chair.
“Bored?” Michelangelo asked from the shelves.
Carlos nodded.
“Let’s play a game,” Michelangelo said. He jumped off the shelves; his big black boots thudded across the hut and made the windows shake. Michelangelo picked up the calendar and flicked through the pages. “Say stop,” he said.
“Stop,” Carlos said.
“Ok, now shut your eyes.”
Carlos shut his eyes. He heard a rustling of paper.
“Now,” Michelangelo said. “Put your finger down on the desk and open your eyes.”
Carlos did as he said. The February page was staring up at him and he had his finger squarely on the 18th.
“Now, on February the 18th next year,” Michelangelo said, “you have to take trip somewhere you’ve never been before.”
“That’s weird,” Carlos said.
“Why? I think it sounds like fun.” Michelangelo pulled the calendar from under his rigid finger. “I’m going to try myself. I’ve never been to Libya.” He started flicking through the pages.
“No, 18th February is Tom’s birthday.”
“Have you got something planned?” Michelangelo said. He stopped flicking through the calendar and stuck his finger on the page. “20th April. That’s no good, that’s Hitler’s birthday. I’ll try again.”
“No.” Carlos shook his head. “Every year from the age of zero to about twenty three, me and Tom always did something on 18th February. It was a date significant to me.”
“And it still is,” Michelangelo said. “September twelfth, that’s ok. I guess.”
“No, it’s no longer significant to me,” Carlos said. “It was only significant to me because it was his.”
“Drop him a card,” Michelangelo said. He hung the calendar on the wall. “How come you never hang this up?”
“It’s harder to write on.” Carlos picked up the pencil.
“What’s up?” Michelangelo said and sat on the desk. “You said about February 18th?”
“Yeah.” Carlos nodded. “That date is still significant to him, it must be, I’m just not there to feel that significance.”
“It might not be significant to him anymore,” Michelangelo said. “You never know how people feel about birthdays as they get older.”
“Whether he celebrates it or not, whether he cares or not, it’s still his, I know that much, he can’t change that. But there’re so many other things about him that he can change and I will never know.” Carlos flicked his thumb against his teeth. “Does he still hate pistachios? Is his favourite colour still red? Is Germany his favourite country?”
Michelangelo laughed and stood up.
“Germany?” he said. “Germany? Whatever next!”
Carlos smiled at his back as he wandered out of the hut. He thought about pistachios. Those things were obvious, every day-alluded-to tropes back when he knew Tom. Pistachios, what a laugh! Germany, greatest country on the planet. Every day, these concepts were in their lives. But not anymore, not for Carlos. Did Tom still think about them? Had Carlos just been excluded from that?
Carlos stood up and followed Michelangelo into the blazing sunshine. He was starting to sweat through the heat. Deep relationships always ended, no one could be friends forever. People grew apart after decades of brotherhood. In the place where a friend had been, there was only absence and bitterness left and this was so bone achingly powerful it was almost impossible to continue life.  Carlos stopped by the cars. He thought about Marc and Lauren and Elva and his manager. Shallow, superficial relationships were more trouble than they were worth. He was just better off on his own.
“Hey, Carlos!” Michelangelo called from across the allotment. “Want to see a trick?”
Carlos smiled and nodded. He was much better off on his own.


Chapter Eleven

“Carlos, my friend,” his manager said. “Could I just get you to sign off the red Lamborghini?”
“Sure,” Carlos said and took the pen and clipboard offered to him.
“I still can’t believe that sale you made.” The manager beamed as Carlos scribbled. “I’m so proud of you.”
“Yeah,” Carlos said and stared at the paper.
“Are you proud of you?”
Carlos wanted to avoid the question by saying that pride was a sin. But then the manager would think Carlos’ religion was being offended and it might cause a rift between them. The manager would take offence that Carlos had taken offence and might start looking at him differently if he started to suspect he was a Christian, let alone a Catholic. Then, when he failed to buy and sell another red Lamborghini for twenty thousand pounds, he’d interview for new, younger, more atheist staff and Carlos would find himself being Lauren’s house husband in an effort to keep a roof, any roof, above his head.
He looked down at the clipboard and swallowed. He saw his scribbled name at the bottom. Carlos Rafael Wilson. Carlos. Carlos. Carlos. Carlos. Carl. Os. Carlos. He thought about all the people that had said it, in all the different tones and for all the difference reasons but nevertheless all referring to the many thoughts and dreams and actions and desires and lies and truths and words that comprised him, Carlos Rafael Wilson. Carlos.
“Carlos?” his manager said. He was frowning up at him. “Don’t you feel proud of what you did?”
“Er, sure,” Carlos said and smiled. He handed the clipboard back and the manager smiled as well, all well with the world. “But I think I can do better. That wasn’t the peak of my achievements here.”
“That’s the spirit,” the manager said and patted his back with the clipboard. “Good lad. I knew I hired you for a reason.”
Back in the hut, Carlos took his manager’s wallet out of the bag on the chair. He wasn’t sure why he did it. He just saw it sticking out of the top so he decided to have a look. Nothing negative would come of it. He wasn’t stealing, he was just curious. His manager had a five pound note in the wallet and some coins. He also had a picture of a little boy and a little girl, who might have been his children except the picture looked decades old, so it was probably him. Carlos wondered how old he was. He got his driver’s licence out and looked. 5th of April 1965. He was only fourteen years older than Carlos himself. Carlos stared at the picture of his manager on the card. If he was still here in fourteen years time, he’d kill himself. Death was nothing to fear but the unbearable monotony of life was. He’d just top himself here one night. Sleeping pills and a bag over his head behind the hut and his manager could find him when he next went to top up oil. Was that fair to his manager though? No one wanted to discover a dead body at his place of work. He could do it in his flat. Then the only people who would find him would be the ones enquiring into his absence and they’d be expecting the worse.
He heard gravel outside the hut and quickly slipped the wallet back into the bag. He turned and stretched and smiled at his manager as his manager walked in. 
“I’m bidding for something on Ebay,” his manager said and opened the laptop.
“What?” Carlos asked politely. “Car parts?”
“No, series three of Midsomer Murders. It’s almost ten pounds on Amazon, can you believe that?” He glanced up at Carlos, who pulled a disgusted face and shook his head. “On Ebay, if I win this, I’ll pay two, plus postage and packaging.”
On the door behind Professor Gerry Turner’s head there was a chart from the Post Office about letter and package sizes. The heading read: Postage and Packaging Charges. Carlos looked at that for a few moments before turning back to Professor Gerry Turner. He was watching Carlos with his dark eyes. Michelangelo was on a stool next to him, perfectly still, arms folded, his eyes fixed on Carlos’.
“Ah,” Carlos said. “You’re a shaman. I see.”
“Yes, but do you believe?” Professor Gerry Turner asked.
“What do you classify as a Shaman?” Carlos said.
“A man made of magic,” Michelangelo said but Professor Gerry Turner held up his hand to silence him.
“A man who can transcend the earthly bounds of this existence,” he said to Carlos, “and access the realms beyond.” 
“How?” Carlos asked.
“Meditation,” Professor Gerry Turner said.
“Oh right, so you’re more of a spiritual guru than actual magic man?”
“Spells,” Professor Gerry Turner said. “Conversing with the elements, flight.”
Carlos’ ears pricked up at once.
“Flight?” He said. “You can fly?”
“Dreams,” Professor Gerry Turner said as though he hadn’t heard him. “Dreams show us the future and the past. Let me tell you Carlos, I was once in a hut in the depths of Amazon jungle, eating soup with a tribe of warriors who had picked me up along the river. As we ate, the ground rumbled beneath us. The lead warrior looked up and then a huge cluster of tentacles came smashing through the walls of the hut. Most of the tribe were killed instantly by the force of exploding sticks. Others were hit by the giant, green, muscular tentacles and decapitated. I avoided the flying tentacles and debris not by luck Carlos but by premonition. I had dreamt this exact scene the night before, after a session of meditation. That’s why, as I leapt for the remaining door, I grabbed the ceremonial sword from a fallen warrior. I had also dreamt that a tentacle would grab my ankle and it did, Carlos, with all the strength of the jungle, it wrapped its fat muscular python around my leg, hard enough to break the bone. But I hacked the tentacle off with the sword and made my way into the jungle.”
“Really?” Carlos said and glanced at Michelangelo, who was looking amazed.
“I never heard that story,” he said and rubbed his hair. “How long ago was that?”
“Years,” Professor Gerry Turner said, “and years. Lifetimes ago, Michelangelo, before your time almost certainly.”
“You time travel?” Michelangelo asked.
“You said you can fly,” Carlos said. “Do you actually mean flying or like a metaphor?”
“Life is walking, death is flying,” Professor Gerry Turner said. “We are always aware of that huge space above us but unable to take advantage of it.”
“So,” Carlos said, “you can fly? Or you can’t?”
“Have you ever wanted to fly, Carlos?” Professor Gerry Turner asked.
Carlos made no move.
“Being a shaman, embracing that magic, requires you to accept yourself,” Professor Gerry Turner said. “You need to totally and completely and absolutely be happy with yourself and your abilities and all that you are.”
“I am,” Carlos said and it was the first time in a long time he couldn’t sense a lie. His heart was starting to hammer and his hands were slicking with sweat. “My own head is my own space and that’s all the space I need.”
Professor Gerry Turner smiled at him and then he rose a few feet off the floor, arms outstretched, until the heels of his shoes banged into the lab table behind him. Michelangelo clapped. Carlos’ mouth opened and he felt his heart stop in his chest [to continue with this thread, please click here].
“Carlos. Carlos. Carlos,” his manager said. “What are you dreaming of, Carlos? I said, did you order the MOT’s?”
“Sure.” Carlos nodded. “Sure, I did that earlier.”
“Off with the fairies,” his manager said and smiled at the laptop screen.
“My own head is my own space,” Carlos said, “and that’s all the space I need.”
“Pardon?”
“Nothing. Did you get the DVD?”
“No, someone bid two pound fifty in the dying seconds.” His manager shut the laptop with a sigh. “I can pick it up another time.”
Carlos blinked as déjà vu threatened to overtake his vision. He didn’t know if it was déjà vu. He only called it that because it always felt familiar. He had always been here before. But it made him feel sick, afraid, unsettled. It was like he had been watching a horror movie at the cinema, filled with severed limbs, rolling eyes, bloody knives and torn skin and then he had come home, thinking it only a film, to the warmth and love of his family house. Upon opening the door however, the scene that greeted him was that of his parents severed limbs, rolling eyes, bloody knives and torn skin. His family slaughtered. His heart would leap, his stomach would turn, he’d been here before. Déjà vu.  
“Or wait for the replays.”
“That could be years, Carlos.”
He watched his manager leave the hut and cross the allotment. He got the most mind dizzying, knee shaking sense of déjà vu, he thought he might be sick. He put a hand out on the desk to steady himself as spots jumped in front of his eyes.
“What is up?” Michelangelo said from beside him. “You’re looking sick today, my associate.”
Carlos held his head in his hands as the world swam about him. His brain stopped working. He felt the gears in there grind to a halt and the pain stretched all the way down his skull into his spine. He had fallen into a track, a groove, that had already been made. Time was repeating itself and in any moment, he was going to become lost in the cosmos.
The phone rang and the déjà vu broke. Carlos straightened up. Michelangelo was watching him. Carlos rubbed his head and reached out for the phone.
“Hello?” he said.
“Are you the owner of the residence?” a voice said.
“It’s a business,” Carlos replied.
“Are you the owner of the business?” the voice said.
“No.”
“Is the owner of the business available?”
Carlos looked out of the window; his manager was picking his teeth in the reflection of a wing mirror.
“Not really,” Carlos said. “But if I take a name and a number, he can ring back.”
“I will ring back,” the voice said. “When is the best time?”
“Tomorrow,” Carlos said. “About this time.”
“Thanks very much.”
He hung the phone up.
“Who was that?” Michelangelo asked.
“Double glazing salesman or insurance or something,” Carlos said. “Nothing worth bothering about really.”
“Nothing worth bothering with really,” Elva had said to him as they sat in her flat that night. “Other people, not if they take away that sense of who you are. I can’t marry Marc. I can’t be me with him.”
Carlos felt a deep horror looming in the depths of his chest. He wanted to cry, to cover up his face and just cry. Elva was watching him, frowning, waiting for his response. He had once heard on the radio that smiling was the most selfless act someone could do; to look beyond your own grief and problems and present that beautiful, warm, compassionate symbol to someone who might be just as troubled as you. A smile showed that you truly put others before you. The smile helped them, instead of the frown which made others help you. Carlos smiled.
“I understand,” he said.
“You don’t.”
“I do,” Carlos said. “I’m in a relationship with a woman who drives me mad to the point that, sometimes, I think of her and am filled with intense hatred.”
Elva laughed. Carlos smiled and rubbed his hands on his thighs.
“And that’s not a profitable emotion,” he said. “It serves no purpose to me.” 
“The woman you don’t love?” Elva asked. “The woman who you can’t define yourself by?”
“Right.” Carlos nodded. “When you told me that love is when you define yourself by another, it was like a revelation. Of course that’s what love is. I used to fancy this girl at school, like your Joseph Burton. I defined myself by her. I understood what love was. It made sense when I looked at that girl. Now I’m with Lauren, nothing about love makes sense. It’s an alien concept. It’s like everything I knew was wrong.”
“Because you don’t love her,” Elva said and leant back and crossed her legs. “Break it off Carlos Rafael Wilson. Just end it. It’s doing you no good.”
“It’s doing her good,” Carlos said. “The pain she’ll feel if I break it off is a thousand times the pain I feel by being with her. I don’t love her but I think she loves me.”
“Do you want to know something else I’ve worked out about true love?” Elva asked.
Carlos nodded.
“True love is reciprocal.” Elva said. “True, true love. If it’s more than fancy, obsession, attraction desire, if it is true love, both parties feel it. They can’t not. Love isn’t something that someone creates on their own. By very definition, there needs to be two people contributing. So, she can’t love you. She’s just clinging on as much as you are.”
“She thinks it’s love then,” Carlos said. “There’s no reasoning with her, Elva. I’m stuck. Forget about me.” He smiled. “I’m done for. Save yourself.”
Elva smiled back.
“What about your girl at school?” she asked. “Did you love her?”
“I defined myself by her,” Carlos said. “I understood love when I looked at her.”
 “Then I bet she felt it too,” Elva said. She stood up and picked up her empty glass before moving through into the kitchen. “That’s what I think about Joseph Burton. If it was more than mere fancy, maybe it was reciprocated. Maybe I felt his feelings. Maybe it wasn’t by chance that I saw him so often in corridors.” Carlos heard the tap run from the other room. “Maybe it wasn’t coincidence that I would see him pass the windows of my class almost every day.”
Carlos thought. He remembered looking up once in the lunch hall and seeing Jo Gardener watching him. He had quickly looked away and when he looked back, she was talking to a friend. He remembered sitting in a silent class, the door open, and catching a glimpse of her walking by, her head turned in his direction. He remembered passing her in the corridor and seeing her smile over his shoulder. He remembered running to fetch the football from the bushes and it was her that threw it back to him. He remembered waiting outside the front office, holding a letter in his hands about absences and it was her that leant on the wall opposite him. They smiled at each other and he almost said ‘hi’, then the door opened and Carlos was invited in. He remembered finishing the cross country in that winter and stopping to catch breath. He was first boy in. He had to give his name and form at the desk by the cricket pavilion and as he spoke, the first girl came in, seconds behind him. Her white figure had shadowed him throughout the two miles and he turned now to see who it was. It was Jo. She gave her name and form at the desk and then turned to look at him. She smiled. Carlos almost said ‘hello’ again, then a teacher arrived and waved them to their respective changing rooms. 
“Are you sure you want to be here?” Elva asked. “I’m not keeping you from being elsewhere?”
Carlos looked up. Elva was watching him. Her face was smooth, not frowning, her eyes were bigger than he’d ever seen them. She smiled.
“No, no, no.” He smiled back. “Of course I want to be here. Of course.”
“Don’t you agree with me?” she asked and settled back in the sofa. “That true love must be felt by both parties. Love isn’t a personal emotion. It’s shared. It’s a pulsating desire that is felt from either end of a room and alerts both subjects to its existence.”
“Hmm,” Carlos said. He was staring at the wall opposite him. “Hmm.”
“I was real when I knew Joseph Burton,” Elva said. “I won’t be real if I marry Marc.” [To continue with this thread, please click here].
Carlos wondered if he was real. Lauren often shouted that at him by way of insult.
“Carlos!” she’d yell from the other side of the house or garden or street or car. “I swear, if you don’t give me a straight answer or sign that you actually care, I’m going to ignore you for the rest of my life.” Carlos would remain quiet. “Carlos what is the matter with you?!” Lauren once shouted back. “Are you alive or not? Are you real or just someone I’ve dreamt up?”
“Like Tyler Durden,” Carlos said.
“What?”
“From Fight Club,” Carlos said. “With Brad Pitt.”
“That stupid film,” Lauren said. “God, you take more interest in films than you do me. You are such a bloke, that’s such a man thing to do. And you never listen either, Carlos. I swear, I never thought all that ‘men are from Mars, women are from Venus’ until I met you.”
Carlos pulled the car to a stop behind a scarlet Fire Engine. It was New Year’s Eve and Lauren’s friend, Hannah, had recommended they come to this pub to celebrate it. Carlos hadn’t wanted to. His mum had made a New Year’s cake for the family and had a whole evening full of entertainment for them.
“You’re not staying?” she said and her face fell. “But Carlos, I baked a cake. I even bought a cheesecake, your favourite.”
“I know, I know, I feel so bad but I promised Lauren ages ago.”
“That’s fine, fine,” his mum said and started putting plates away. “That’s fine. It is fine, Carlos.” She looked at him. “Everything is ok. I’ll tell Grandma and Granddad and Haz and Bing.”
“What time are they all getting here?”
“Seven.”
“I’ll stay and tell them,” Carlos said. “I want to see them.”
“No, go off and see Lauren, don’t keep her waiting.”
“I’ll keep her waiting for a bit,” Carlos said. “Just so I can see them.”
“If you stay till seven, I’m serving the cake at seven thirty, you might as well stay for that.”
“Yeah, yeah I will.” Carlos scratched his chin. “But then I won’t be with Lauren until eight thirty and I said I’d meet her at six.”
“Off you go, Carlos,” his mother said. “Don’t keep her waiting.”
“I don’t even fancy going that much,” Carlos said. “With Lauren I mean.”
“Then stay here with us,” his mother said and smiled.
“But I promised Lauren first.”
“Then go, Carlos, go!” She waved her arms in the air. “If you don’t want to be with your family on New Year’s, that’s fine. You know we’ve always done it together and you knew I was baking a cake. Go on, get out of here, there’s no point staying to see everyone, then taking off.” She left the kitchen. “Either go or stay, don’t pansy about in the hall.”
“What should I do?” Carlos said to Michelangelo. “Stay with mum or go with Lauren?”
“What do you want to do?” Michelangelo asked. He was in full dress uniform of a Naval Commander that day. He took his hat off and rubbed the brim.
“Stay here, of course. But I promised Lauren first. And mum has Haz and Bing and father and granddad and grandma and everyone. If I don’t go with Lauren, she’ll be alone.”
“Then go with Lauren,” Michelangelo said. “That’s all you can do.”
“I feel bad,” Carlos said.
“Then cut off all emotion,” Michelangelo said. “Be objective. Who did you promise first? Who will be alone? Rationality, reason and good manners say go with Lauren. Forget about you.”
At the end of the drive, Carlos sat in the hedge and put his head in his hands.
“I feel like I’m abandoning them,” he said. “My family.”
Lauren and he both looked out of the car window at the chosen pub. It was a traditional English place, in a quiet side street with cottages either side.
“Not too bad,” Carlos said.
“Rubbish,” Lauren said and opened the door. “Come on, Carlos, get out.”
“Lauren!” Hannah said as they came in through the wooden front door. “How are you? And Carlos. Hello.”
Carlos nodded at her. The inside of the pub was wooden and warm, decorated with paintings of horses and cows, and filled with older people who were sitting around in arm chairs and drinking or reading the paper. There was a family there, with two small children and grandparents. Carlos’ heart stopped. He felt his throat tighten.
“I’ll get drinks,” he said. He took a deep breath. “What would you like, Hannah?”
“Typical man,” Lauren said. “Straight to the bar.” She tutted and rolled her eyes. “Come on, Hannah, let’s sit down and gossip.”
“I can’t for a minute, Lauren,” Hannah said. “I’m working the bar. Maybe in half an hour.”
Lauren tutted and rolled her eyes again.
“Go and get a seat,” Carlos said. “I’ll get the drinks.”
Lauren looked around the pub.
“I’m not sitting down on my own,” she said.
“What about that table there?”
“I’m not sitting down on my own,” Lauren repeated and stood more closely to Carlos. “Hurry up and get the drinks and we’ll sit down together.”
“It’s only two foot away.”
“I’m not sitting down on my own, Carlos,” Lauren said. “Now hurry up.”
Carlos moved to the bar, Lauren moved half a step behind him. He could feel her pressing against his leg, keeping well apart from everyone else.
“Barcadi and coke please,” he said to Hannah. “And just a coke for me.”
“Diet or regular?”
“Regular. And do they do desserts here? Like cheesecake?”
“Slow down, Carlos,” Lauren said and both girls tittered.
Carlos smiled but his heart was aching. He wanted to start crying. What was he doing here? Where was his family? The guilt felt like a physical presence at the top of his stomach and whenever he swallowed, he felt it press against his ribs. Hannah handed over the drinks and Carlos picked them up. He nodded at Lauren.
“Two seconds, Carlos,” she said. “Let me talk to my friend.”
“I’ll go and sit down then,” Carlos said.
“No, Carlos.” Lauren clicked her fingers. “Stand with me until I’m done.”
“I’m only going to be at that table there.”
But Lauren held onto his shirt so he couldn’t pull away. He sniffed and stared at the bubbles in his drink. When Hannah moved onto serve someone else, Carlos led them to another table, further away.
“I knew you wouldn’t sit by the bar,” Lauren said. “You are a liar.” She looked about. “Oh look, the table closest to the T.V. So you can watch the football? You are such a bloke, Carlos.”
She sat down and Carlos handed her across her drink. He wiped his forehead; he was starting to sweat. He looked down at his cheesecake. He no longer wanted it. He glanced at the TV; a woman named Phyllis Milton was being interviewed.
“Does the name Phyllis remind you of syphilis?” he said.
“Ssh, Carlos.” Lauren kicked him. “That’s Hannah’s middle name. Don’t be so rude.”
“I didn’t know.”
“Think before you speak. And stop watching the television. We’re here for us. God,” she rolled her eyes, “men.”
“You turn me into such a cliché,” he said. “When have I ever watched football on T.V.? When have I ever gone and stood at the bar first thing? I’ve never been a cliché, Lauren.”
“What’s a cliché?” she said. She frowned at him. “What’s the matter with you, Carlos? Are you sure you want to be here?”
Carlos smiled his best smile. He swallowed and then sniffed.
“Yeah, sure,” he said and nodded. He sipped his drink. “Yeah, sure.”
“Well, tell your face.” She sipped her drink. “What’s your New Year’s Resolution?”
“Pardon?”
Lauren rolled her eyes.
“I swear you do that on purpose just to annoy me.”
“No, really, I don’t always hear what you say. I just catch snippets of it.”
“I asked what your New Year’s Resolution was.”
Carlos paused. He sipped his drink. He had guessed that she’d ask this at some point tonight.
“I don’t think I have one,” he said. “I already feel good about myself. I feel at peace in my soul. Like I don’t need any improvements. I-”
“I’ve got loads,” Lauren said. “I want a whole new body this year. I want to be two sizes lower. Also, I was thinking about going darker.” She touched her hair. “What do you think? And maybe getting a January tan from the salon. What do you reckon?”
“Yeah.” Carlos nodded. “Sure.”
“My main Resolution though,” Lauren said and sipped her drink, “will probably be to sort this intern out at work. Her name’s something Crouch. Have I told you about her?”
“You-”
“She is such a baby. She can’t do anything. I was slagging her off to Jillian in the staff room the other day and she walked in and everyone said how terrible she must have felt but I think hearing that’ll be good for her. She needs to pull herself together. I swear, everywhere she goes, she needs to be holding someone’s hand. She can’t think for herself.”
“Oh no,” Carlos said.
“Yeah.” Lauren nodded. “This one time by the photocopier, I- hold on.” She got her phone from her purse and started flicking through it, the blue screen lighting her face as her nails tapped against the surface.
Carlos watched her. If he had known, on that day in the library when they first spoke, what she was really like, the depths she was hiding, would he have stayed to talk to her? Would he have helped her steal toilet roll? He knew he wouldn’t. If he’d have known, he’d have stayed well away. Fairytale rule number four was that the hero always fought the tyrant to save the heroine. As a boy, with Tom, reading the stories in Tom’s tree house or on the roof, he had been overjoyed at such honour and chivalry. He couldn’t wait to have a love and fight for her. He’d have fought the tyrant for Jo Gardener.
“...told you about Jillian,” Lauren said. She leant forward. “Turns out, she needs a hip replacement.” She leant back. “And she couldn’t be milking it anymore. She’s going on about new lifts, new fire regulations, how she needs to be supervised at all times, hooks for crutches. I mean,” she tutted, “come on. Take your negative energy elsewhere. I took her sandwiches out of the bottom of the fridge and put them on the top the other day. Just to see her squirm. I knew she’d never be able to get them from up there.” She laughed. “It was hilarious. She had to come all the way back up in the lift to the manager’s office and ask for assistance.”
“Surely that just gave you more work to do and proved her point,” Carlos said.
“No, Carlos.” Lauren scowled at him. “It didn’t. It meant we all got to laugh at her.”
“You could cut her a break,” Carlos said. “You’re always talking about how pedantic and difficult she is. You’re better than that. Don’t stoop to her level.”
“Shut up, Carlos, what do you know about it? You should be giving me ideas for winding her up, not siding with her.” Her hands hit the tables. Carlos watched the long, painted fingernails. “Carlos, look at me. You have no idea how annoying she is. I want to watch her suffer, only in little ways, like the sandwiches or knocking out the lift so she has to climb the stairs. Just to teach her a lesson.” 
“Don’t you ever want to just rise above it?” Carlos asked.
Lauren paused. She scratched the back of her neck.
“I am,” she said, “rising above it, Carlos. I am. This is my way of rising above it.”
“Carlos,” Elva said. “What do you reckon?”
Carlos turned to look at her standing in the doorway to her kitchen.
“About what?” he said.
“You and Lauren. Me and Marc are split up, gone, over, the end. I was getting nothing from him so I left. What are you going to do about Lauren? Are you going to pack her in?”
“No.” Carlos said. “I want to help her, not hurt her.”
Elva scoffed and shook her head.
“You are so weak,” she said. “How are you helping her? Teach her the harsh realities of life by splitting with her, not comforting her.”  
Carlos shifted on the sofa. He cleared his throat.
“You need to help her,” Michelangelo said beside him. “It’s your job to. You can’t just run out and leave her.”
“I do try to help her,” Carlos said to the room at large. “But she needs to pull herself together.”
“What?” Elva said [to continue with this thread, please click here].
“What?” Michelangelo said.
“What?” His manager said.
“What?” Michelangelo said.
“What?” Carlos said.
He blinked. The sunshine was dazzling his eyes. A black Labrador was trotting across the allotment. It saw the three of them standing there and came over, wagging its tail and panting, open mouthed. It stopped by Michelangelo and sniffed his hands.
“I bet he’s hot,” Michelangelo said and patted the dog’s back firmly. “Carlos, get a bucket of water and cool him down.”
Carlos looked at his manager.
“Where’s it come from?” he said.
“I don’t know.” His manager walked to the end of the allotment and looked up and down the road. “No one in sight,” he called back. He looked at Carlos. “You reckon it’s a stray or something?”
“It’s got a collar on,” Carlos said as the dog wagged its way over to him. Carlos took hold of the collar. “There’s a mobile number here. It must have escaped.”
“I’ll give them a call,” the manager said. “You hold onto him.”
Carlos pulled the tag off the dog’s collar and handed it to his manager. Then he sat down on one side of the dog. Michelangelo sat on the other. The dog laid down, its back pumping up and down with its panting.
“He seems nice enough,” Michelangelo said and scratched the dog’s back. “Aren’t you boy? You’re just a friendly little puppy. Hold old do you reckon he is?” He looked at Carlos. “Two, three?”
“Two. Why do you think it’s a he?”
“Of course it’s a boy, look at the eyes.”
“Look at the build. This dog is thin and willowy, not like a male. And,” Carlos pointed at the dog’s side, “it’s definitely a girl.”
“It’s a castrated male,” Michelangelo said.
“Castrated?”
“There’s no answer from that number,” his manager said and came out of the hut. “I left an answer phone message though.” He touched the dog with his foot. “What should we do with it?”
“She’s got a tag on its collar,” Carlos said having another look, “which says ‘identification scan me’.”
“It’s a boy,” Michelangelo said.
“What does that mean?” his manager asked.
 “I guess it means,” Carlos fixed the other tag back into place, “that she’s been chipped. The vets have a machine and they use it to scan the chip and find out where lost animals live.”
“A machine?” his manager said. “I’m not sure I like the sound of that, Carlos. Can’t we just keep her here?”
“It’s like a wand,” Carlos said. “They just wave it over the animal.”
“Oh right. In that case, do you fancy taking her down to the vets?”
“Yeah I will,” Carlos said. “I’ll wait ten minutes first though and see if we get a call back or if someone arrives. Try that number again.”
As his manager went away, Michelangelo handed Carlos a bucket, which he filled with water and then splashed over the dog. The dog rolled on its back and waved its legs in the air.
“It’s a girl,” Carlos said.
“It’s a boy.”
“It’s a girl, clearly.”
“He’s been castrated.”
“Nothing, Carlos,” his manager said coming out of the hut. “It just goes straight through to answer phone.”
Carlos and Michelangelo put the dog on at lead, fashioned out of a plastic cable, and then sat by the side of the road with it. All three of them looked up and down.
“Weird, isn’t it,” Michelangelo said.
“What?”
“This dog turns up here, in the middle of nowhere,” Michelangelo said. “No answer from the contact number, no name on the collar. What would you do if, when they scan it, it’s your address?”
Carlos smiled.
“That would be weird,” he said. “But her turning up here isn’t weird. She might have been missing for days, just travelling the countryside.”
“He’s well behaved,” Michelangelo said.
“Yeah she is,” Carlos said. “But she must have been badly behaved to end up here, like run away from her owner or dig out of the garden.”
“It’s a paradox,” Michelangelo said. “This could become an obsession for you,” he said. “Finding out the story behind this dog. Where has he come from? Where is he going? What is his place in the universe and how does it affect you?”
Carlos smiled and patted the dog’s back more firmly. It thumped its tail on the ground and dislodged some gravel. As a child and a teenager, he used to regularly get obsessed with various things; places, people, films, characters, colours. They were proper obsessions too, no passing fancy, more like teenage love, head over heels, first thing he thought about it the morning and last thing before bed at night. They were the strangest fixations as well, like Lizard Point in Cornwall in the summer of 1999, or Dr. Watson from Sherlock Holmes New Year 1996. 
“Carlos,” his manager called and tapped his watch. “Take the dog now. There’s no one about, no call back and I don’t know what time the vets shuts. We don’t want to be stuck with it over the weekend.”
Carlos got to his feet. The dog watched him then got to its feet as well. 
“I suppose I’m taking my car for this,” Carlos said and Michelangelo laughed.
They waved goodbye to the manager and got into Carlos’ car. The dog jumped into the back seat and promptly sat down.
“She is well behaved,” Carlos said and started the engine. “That’s incredible.”
“Almost as though,” Michelangelo looked at him, “she belongs here.”
“Be quiet.”
Carlos pulled the car out of the allotment and accelerated, back towards town. 


Chapter Twelve:

The afternoon sun was warm and comforting coming through the windscreen. Carlos found his eyes drooping. They passed the travel agents, which was doing a two for one special on trips to Cornwall, and Carlos stared at the promotional picture as they cruised passed. His obsessions would always start off beautifully, comfortably, wonderful, colourful curiosities that involved looking at nice pictures or imagining exciting little adventures. Then they would slowly descend into a rotting suffocation of the mind, where he couldn’t escape, where everything he did or ate or drank or met had to relate, somehow, to the current obsession; where he had to recite the obsessions name every thirteen minutes, just to stay true, and, even though he was late, he had to run into bookshops to get the latest edition of Guinness Book of World Records and check if the obsession was in there and for what.
They reached the end of the high street. The travel agents here was doing a deal for two to go to Rome. They had a picture of the coliseum in the sunshine. Carlos didn’t realise it was built by grass. They turned into Baker Street on the fringes of town and Carlos turned the engine off. The dog sat up. 
“V v v v v vets,” Michelangelo said and opened the door. “Come on, boy, let’s solve your mystery.”
Carlos locked the car and followed them up the front steps. The reception was stifling hot; there was a fan rotating slowly in one corner but it wasn’t enough to dim the heat of the room. An Alsation puppy was sitting in one corner, its fluffy head on its owners flip flops, panting expertly. A huge, bear-like black Newfoundland was sitting right by the fan and it’s thick, woolly coat and ears fluttered every time the fan swung back round, making the dog’s eyes shut in ecstasy. Their dog sniffed the Newfoundland as they came in and the Newfoundland sniffed their dog back. A girl and her mother and a spaniel were in the corner and the girl got up at once when they entered. The mother had a Tesco bag with three cheesecakes in, one Vanilla, two strawberry.
“Please may I touch?” the little girl said to Carlos and indicated the black Labrador.
“Oh,” Carlos said. “It’s not my dog.”
“Sure she can touch,” Michelangelo said. “He’s fine, he’s so well behaved, he won’t bite.”
“We found her,” Carlos said, appealing to the mother over the girl’s head. “We don’t know what her temperament is like.”
“Touch him,” Michelangelo said and the little girl patted the black labrador’s head. The black Labrador sat down and shut its eyes.
“I’m sure it will be fine,” the girl’s mother said. “He looks very calm.”
Carlos looked about the waiting room; there were some books on a shelf by the desk; Shakespeare’s Comedies, Milton’s Paradise Lost. He wondered what pet owners sat and read those whilst waiting for the vaccinations to finish. He reached out and touched the spine of Shakespeare.
“Sorry about that.”
Carlos and Michelangelo turned. A woman in a green tunic had appeared behind the front desk and was looking at them. Her face was red and sweaty and the neck of her tunic was sodden with perspiration.
“We were just wrestling with a ginger cat in there.” She straightened her tunic. “What’s the problem?”
“We found a dog,” Carlos said and nodded to the black Labrador; the little girl was stroking its back now. “It has a tag which says it’s got a chip in it so we came here to see if it was registered.”
“Oh right.” The woman turned. “Margaret, lost dog.” She looked at Carlos. “It has no other identification on it?”
“A mobile number but we tried that half a dozen times and got no answer.”
“What is it? Male, female?”
“Female,” Carlos said. “We think. She’s well behaved, really nice, you know, she just wandered up the main road.” He smiled at the receptionist and she smiled back.
Margaret came out from behind the front desk holding a white plastic steering wheel. She waved it over the dog’s back and it the lit up.
“Yup,” she said and nodded at the receptionist. “We’ve got her. Belongs to the Whitby’s.” She smiled at Carlos, who did his best smile back, proper beaming, what a funny joke, I’m so happy. “It’s so nice when they’re chipped,” Margaret said and Carlos laughed. In reality, he felt a little deflated after that revelation. The Whitby’s. No mystery then, no time travelling dog who was registered under his name. Just a walk-away. “This feels like déjà vu,” Margaret said. “We’ve had so many lost dogs in lately. We’ll get her up on the system and find out about their address. Are you ok just to stay for a few moments?”
“Sure.” Carlos nodded. He pointed to the seats. “Just sit down?”
He sat down. The little girl sat beside him and continued stroking the dog. The Newfoundland watched, interested. Every time the fan blew in Carlos’ direction, it brought with it the smell of dog fur and dog sweat. The Newfoundland watched him and then slid down onto its belly. Its paws were huge; easily bigger than Carlos’ outstretched hand and about ten centimetres deep.
“Do you live in the area?” the girl’s mother asked.
“Uh, yeah, just up the road,” Carlos said. “But I found the dog at my work. About six miles out of the town centre.”
“Blimey. Are there houses round that way?”
“Not really, no, we have no idea where the dog came from.”
“But you’ve got a jolly off from work to come and reunite her.” The mother smiled. “That can’t be bad. You could nip off for a drink with friends.”
Carlos and her both laughed loudly. The little girl had her face right up by the labrador’s face now. They were eye to eye. The Labrador blinked at her and then started panting. 
“Eurgh,” the girl said and sat up straight. “It breathed in my mouth.”
Michelangelo and Carlos both laughed.
“That’ll teach you for getting so close,” the mother said.
Carlos though the real lesson would be getting her nose bitten off, but said nothing. He looked around the foyer. The Alsation puppy was sitting on his owner’s knees now. Its ears had drooped and it was sagging in her arms like an overheated towel. The Newfoundland’s owner came in through the front doors and sat down. The Newfoundland beat its tail once, then went back to laying down. The Newfoundland owner was a huge man, with thick black hair on his arms, who sprawled out over two chairs and then folded his giant forearms over his stomach. He shut his eyes. Carlos scratched the labrador’s ears.
“Why is it poorly?” the girl said to him.
“Pardon?”
“Why is your dog poorly?” the girl asked and went back to stroking the Labrador.
“It’s not,” Carlos said. “It’s lost. We found it. We have to take it home.”
“Ohh,” the girl said. “Our dog’s poorly.”
“Right.” Carlos scratched his nose. “What’s the matter with it?”
“His breath hurts.”
“Right.”
“Molly, not his breath, darling.” The mother laughed. “His throat.”
“Frote,” the little girl said to Carlos. “Frote hurts.”
“Oh,” Carlos nodded, “right.”
He went back to stroking the Labrador. He looked at the notice board opposite. The surgery address was 113 Baker Street. He thought about Doctor Watson and smiled. He’d undergone so much obsession, passion, insomnia, paranoia, anxiety, neurosis, psychosis all over one idea or thing or place. He was sure it had taken years off his life. Over time though, that obsession, that anguish and heart burn subsided and in its place grew a deep love and respect that stayed with him forever, like old loves or friends. Molly’s mother had laughed with him about drinking with his friends. He didn’t have friends, not the like that she meant anyway. His friends were made of past obsessions, obsessions whose fire had fizzled out to be replaced by a deep love, like an old scar, that comforted him whenever he dwelt on it. New Year 1996 was a memory all about a friend, a friend who would never leave him.
“Hello,” the receptionist said to him. “We’ve got the address for the dog and a few new phone numbers.”
“Right.”
“But no one’s answering.”
“Oh.”
“We think they might have moved house and got a new home line.”
“And forgotten to take the dog with them?” Michelangelo said.
“So,” the receptionist looked at Carlos, “what would you like to do?”
“Uh, what can I do?” Carlos said. “What’s best? What will you do with her?”
“We’ll fill out a lost dog form. Margaret’s just doing it. After that, the only thing we can do is keep her in over the weekend and if we still haven’t heard anything from any of the numbers by Monday, we’ll pass her on to the dog warden and they have their own procedures when dealing with strays.”
“Oh right.” Carlos scratched his face. “I wouldn’t want anything to happen to her if it turns out her owners have moved on.”
“We can take your name and number,” the receptionist picked up a pen, “and pass them on to the warden so, if the time came for steps to be taken, you’d be contacted.”
“Black lab,” Margaret said, coming out from behind the desk. “No more than, what? Two?” She bent down. “Castrated male, no name on collar but mobile number that,” she looked at Carlos, “no answer?”
“No. I left a message.” Carlos tried to think as Michelangelo danced about him in victory. “But no answer.”
“Right.” Margaret signed the form.
“Just let the gentlemen put his name on the bottom,” the receptionist said. “And number, so the warden can contact him if steps are to be taken.”
Carlos took the form and wrote his name, his mobile, his work number, home number and his address. He sucked his lip and handed it back.
“Ok, then, come on, pup,” Margaret said and held out her hand. Carlos handed her the cable. “Oh, right. You can probably keep that,” she said, eyeing the lead. “We have a spare lead.”
Carlos bent down and untied the cable from the dog’s collar. The dog licked his face and wagged its tail.
“He likes you,” Margaret said and took hold of his collar. “Come on then, boy, to the back.”
“Thank you very much,” the receptionist said to Carlos as the dog was led through a back door. He felt a pang of pain; grief, abandonment, isolation, exclusion. “You’ve been very helpful.”
“I said that was a boy,” Michelangelo said as they got back into the car. “Castrated male. I knew it.”
“No offence to you or Margaret,” Carlos started the engine, “but there was no way that was a boy. I know you keep saying castrated but they’d have had to castrate a hold load off for that to be a boy.”
Carlos drove down Baker Street and then took a left.
“Where are you going?” Michelangelo asked.
“I thought I might drop in and see Grandma,” Carlos said. “I haven’t seen her in a few weeks.”
“You’ve been working and going up Whitby and stuff,” Michelangelo said. “And Wales.”
“I know but I still feel guilty,” Carlos said. “If I just give her a quick drop in, she’ll know I care.”
“What about your manager. He might expect you back.”
“No, that’s the beauty of it. He has no idea how long a trip to the vets to sort this out will be. I’ve been gifted time.” He checked the clock on the dashboard. “Obviously I can’t milk it,” he said. “He’ll know if I’m hours. But just five minutes at Grandmas should be enough.” He put his foot down. “Five minutes will do, then I can get back to work before two and everything will be fine.”
They drove passed Elva’s block of flats. Michelangelo craned his head to get a good look at them through the window. Carlos didn’t take his eyes off the road.


Chapter Thirteen:

Elva went into the kitchen. Carlos looked at Michelangelo; he was writing on a pad with a sharpened pencil.
“What are you doing?” he whispered.
“I’m writing a story,” Michelangelo said back, “about a man who goes to work on a Thursday.”
“It sounds awful.”
“What does?” Elva said and sat on the sofa opposite him.
“Oh, just losing those you love,” Carlos said. “Having to move on.”
“I believe that if it was meant to be, it would happen,” Elva said and smiled at him.
“What does this mean, if it was meant to be?” Carlos said. “Meant to be as decided by who?”
Elva paused.
“Fate?” she said. “God, the universe, destiny.”
“What if there is no God?” Carlos asked. “What if there is no grand narrative where all the loose ends tie up?”
Elva scratched her forehead and then laughed.
“I don’t know, Carlos,” she said. “What do you think?”
“It’s only meant to be if it happens,” Carlos said and Michelangelo nodded from beside him. “There is no elusive event on the horizon, dancing just out reach that may come to pass if your destiny deems it. If you want something, you have to go and get it, not hope for fate to conspire to bring it to you. It’s quite a wimpy attitude that: ooh,” Elva laughed as Carlos put a high voice on, “if it’s meant to be. No, love,” he frowned, “if you want it, go and take it. That’s a better destiny than any one beyond your control. One that’s in your hands. Anything is possible. It’s meant to be.” 
“So are you saying my Joseph Burton is gone forever?” Elva asked. “That I didn’t take the opportunity when I could and now I’ve missed my shot?”
“There’s thousands of ways for you to get him back,” Carlos said.
“Like?”
“Facebook. You just have to find him, remind him and go for it, if that’s what you really want.”
“How do you mean?”
“He’s never going to be the ideal that he’s represented to you for all these years. That Joseph Burton is just an imaginary figure that doesn’t exist. If you do track him down, your illusions will only be shattered. Best you leave it.”
“Like you leave Jo Gardener?”
“Exactly.” Carlos shrugged. “Keep the memories but move on and hopefully they’ll keep idealistic memories of you.”
“Why does it matter what they do?” Elva asked. “I’ve moved on remember.”
Carlos stared at the T.V. Beside him, he could hear Michelangelo scribbling, the sharpened point getting blunter and blunter as it travelled across the page.
“I keep thinking,” he said to the carpet, “if people I meet forget who I am, I’ll cease to exist.” [To continue with this thread, please click here]. 
“We’re here,” Michelangelo said.
Carlos stopped the car, put the handbrake on and turned off the ignition without even thinking. He looked at the row of houses beside them. Number sixteen was his Grandma’s.
“Five minutes,” he said to Michelangelo. “Just so they know we care, then back to the allotment.”
He walked up the garden path. His Grandma’s neighbour was weeding by her front step and she sat up as he went passed. She had seen him as young boy, when he wore any old, badly coordinated clothing and ran up and down the garden, all energy and adventure, shouting in a high pitch voice. She had seen him as a young man, when he had neatly slicked back hair and wore deliberately chosen clothes, when his voice was deep and his movements languid and panther like. And she saw him now.
“Hello Carlos,” she said and waved a gloved hand.
“Hi,” Carlos said and smiled his best smile so he didn’t have to say anymore. 
He knocked on the door. After a few minutes, a hazy shape appeared behind the glass and then the door swung open.
“Carlos Rafael!” his Grandma said and pulled him into the house. “Knocking on your family’s door! Carlos Benito would turn in his grave if he knew we had come to this. Come in, come in, take your shoes off, sit down.” She walked away from him down the hall. “Tea? Raspberry cake?  Vanilla cheesecake. Both? Turn the T.V. on, sit down, make yourself at home. It’s been a long time.”
“I can’t stay long,” Carlos said and went into the living room. “I’m just on a break from work.”
He heard his Grandma in the kitchen. He looked around the room. The photos on the walls were as familiar as worn paths around a garden. There were some paintings of hot air balloons above the sea, a horse or two but most were of two young men, Mediterranean skinned and dark haired, their eyes black and narrow. The Benito brothers. Rafael was the spitting image of Tom, it was true. It was almost as though Tom had gone back in time to pose for the photos. There were a few of Haz and Bing scattered around as well, maturing along the walls, and one or two of himself. There was one of Tom on top of the television when Tom was just a toddler, no more than two years old. It was the classic picture of Tom, the one his parents had sent to all the relatives so they could hang up their own copy in their homes. Carlos’ parents had one on the mantelpiece in their house. Carlos knew it well; it was the image that represented Tom and had done for three decades. He had known that picture before he knew Tom himself. He walked closer to the photo. Time had passed since that picture had been taken. Almost thirty years. The photo no longer signified Tom, not as he was now. Too much had taken place in between. It was an Old picture of Tom. He no longer looked anything like that. It signified a time ago. Not even a few years but decades. It signified thirty years ago, when Tom was two. Thirty years. Carlos had woken up that morning believing that picture was as good as Tom and now he realised it was out of date by thirty years. 
His Grandma came in the room and set down a tray with a cup of tea on it and a slice of cake.
“What were you saying?” she asked.
“I can’t stay for very long,” Carlos said, eyeing the tea and cake and feeling ill. “I’m just on a break from work.”
“Anything exciting happening?”
“Not really.”
His Grandma sat down and looked at Carlos. Carlos got the dizzying feeling of déjà vu again. Sometimes, it was more than torn skin. Sometimes it made him feel so sick, he became detached from his body and couldn’t feel anything. Then he was calm; that sensation was peaceful. He liked to think that it was reverse déjà vu. Future déjà vu. Whereas regular déjà vu hinted at things done before, this reverse déjà vu hinted at something to come. This made Carlos happy. His future was peace, relaxation, calm.
“You look ill,” his Grandma said and touched her face. “Pale. Are you eating right?”
“Yes.”
“Drinking lots of water?”
“Yes.”
“Exercising? Do you still run?
“Every day.”
His Grandma smiled.
“Carlos Benito would be so proud. He was a runner himself. He could run twenty miles a day if the revolution called for it.”
Carlos smiled.
“Do you remember Samantha Jones? She was a runner. He daughter’s just been accepted into Oxford University to study English Literature.” His Grandma shook her head. “She was so smug about it, talking about all the galas she’ll be going to, all the balls and clubs and classes. What is Oxford University in this day and age, eh, Carlos? A club for the elite to sit and smoke in. How pretentious. It’s the furthest from real life that I can imagine. Youngsters shouldn’t be hoarded away like that. They should be made to face the world head on. Then they’ll understand their character. Carlos, sit down. When Carlos and Rafael Benito were twenty one, they led an armed uprising against a band of government troops outside Madrid. Can you imagine those twits at Oxford doing that? For all their money and nobility.”
Carlos nodded and glanced at the clock on the wall. He bit the inside of his mouth. He had been here seven minutes and the tea was still steaming.
“Sit down, Carlos. I thought to myself, after Samantha had gone, well her lot may have more money, class and intelligence but they’re not anymore enlightened.” She beamed at Carlos and held up his cup of tea. “Right, son?”
Carlos smiled.
“Come sit and drink your tea,” his Grandma said. “Try the raspberry cake. I made it myself. I got the recipe out of an old magazine and I kept it for about twenty years before trying. The recipe, not the cake.” She laughed.
Carlos looked at her and smiled. He took the cup of tea and sat down. He felt a weight press on his shoulders and winced. 
“Is the tea ok?” his Grandma asked and her face fell slightly.
He nodded and sipped it. He couldn’t go. He’d just have to be late. Let his manager be mad for the sake of a few minutes. It was right to put others first. His Grandma looked so happy sitting beside him, chattering away. It broke his heart to imagine excusing himself now. 
“Carlos, you do look ill,” his Grandma said. “Are you sure you want to be here?”
Carlos sipped his tea and nodded.
“Yes,” he said and smiled at her. “Yes, keep telling your story. The tea is lovely. Can I try the cake? Do you want some?”
She reached out a hand and grasped his chin with her bony, weathered hands.
“I just want you to be happy Carlos,” she said.
Carlos smiled until she let go. He looked down at his tea.
“I think there’s more to life than just being happy,” he said.
“What can you possibly mean?”
“Happiness isn’t somewhere I aspire to be. I think there’s more to life than that.”
“Goodness gracious. If Carlos Benito could hear you now. You know he fought the entire country just to ensure the happiness of his family, of us. And now you throw that back in his face. He’d turn in his grave.”
Carlos sipped his tea.
“Carlos Benito would turn in his grave!” she had exclaimed two years earlier as the family sat and watched the television.
“What?” Haz said and frowned at her. “This is what he did.”
“In his own country plagued by revolution and corruption,” his Grandma said. “Where no future was secure.  Tom is throwing flames in the faces of those who have supported and educated him for two decades.”
Carlos watched the T.V. screen. He felt sick with jealously. Bing was sitting cross legged on the floor near him and Haz was sprawled on the sofa beside his Granddad. His mum was in the kitchen making a cake and shouting about the television. He almost didn’t make it in time. Lauren had wanted to go the seaside and it had broken his heart to tell her no and then ignore her pleas and her complaining and her threats. The guilt had chewed at his heart as he drove away, leaving her standing alone outside the pub.
“I’ve been with you all week,” he said. “I need to see my family today.”
“Your family have had you thirty years,” Lauren said.
“Today is important.”
“Why?”
“My cousin is back from holiday.”
“Your cousin is back from holiday? Your cousin! Carlos, that’s the worst excuse I’ve ever heard. I never even knew you had a cousin. Carlos! Carlos!”
He drove away before he gave in and changed his mind. Marc had rung him on the drive over and he had ignored it to save himself the pain. Marc had text him too: What you up to. Fancy the cinema. Outside his Grandma’s house, he had text back: Can’t family do. Marc had tried to persuade him otherwise it but he had turned his phone off and gone into the house.
“He’s done it again!” his mother shouted as he came down the hall. “Tom is in deep trouble now.”
The hall and dining rooms were full of activity; he saw relatives he had forgotten existed, distant cousins and family friends all swarming about, drinking tea and eating cake and shaking their heads at one another.
“In here,” Bing said and took his arm. “It’s on the T.V.”
“Hey, Bing, how was Rome?”
“Good. We saw the Sistine chapel; took us ages to find.”
They went into the lounge. More relatives were in here, sitting on the arms of chairs and balanced on the window sill, all watching the television with dark eyes and Mediterranean skin [to continue with this thread, please click here].  Bing smiled at him. He no longer had his Dog Collar on. He had left the Church a few months previously after a fall from a third storey window made him revaluate his belief in Religion.
“Carlos Benito would be horrified,” Carlos’ Grandma had told him, “that a man of the church turned his back on his duty.”
“All due respect to Mr. Benito,” Bing had replied, “but I felt I could reach my full potential elsewhere.”
“Carlos,” his Grandma said, “it’s three o’clock, how long is your break?”
“Sugar,” Carlos said and glanced down at his watch. “Sugar. I’m late.”
He put his cup down and jumped up. His Grandma smiled at him and he shook her hand, then sped to the car.
“You said five minutes,” Michelangelo said as he started the engine.
“I know, I know.” Carlos checked his mirrors. “She got to talking and I couldn’t just walk out.”
They sped down the road and then up onto the highway that went passed the allotment. His manager was standing near the road, speaking to a young man in a baseball cap. Carlos’ heart sank into his shoes and he gasped through pursed lips.
“Oh no,” Michelangelo said as Carlos pulled the car in. “He’s already interviewing for your job.”
Carlos hopped out of the car and crossed to the men. His back was sweating. He hadn’t been that long, had he? He wiped his palms on his trousers. He had been too long. Whilst he’d been off having tea and cake, his manager had got into difficulty. Maybe there’d been a robbery, or a threat, or a question he couldn’t answer and now they were all in trouble. Was this man from the police? Carlos blinked rapidly. He was so horrible, so selfish, he could have, he should have just come straight back.
“Carlos, hi,” his manager said. “I wondered when you’d be back. This is Tom Milton.”
The man in the cap held out his hand and Carlos shook it.
“Hi,” he said. “Carlos Rafael Wilson.”
The man smiled at him. Carlos didn’t have a clue what was going on. He looked to his manager.
“Tom here’s just moved into the house at the bottom of the hill.”
“Oh right.”
“About two, maybe three, miles away,” Tom said and smiled at Carlos.
“Ok,” Carlos said as Michelangelo came to stand by his shoulder.
“He’s looking for a job,” Michelangelo said. “He’ll walk into work every day and never be late.”
“How is it?” Carlos asked.
“Fine.” Tom smiled. “Except for the fence at the bottom of the garden.”
He and the manager laughed. Carlos smiled whilst frowning. He scratched his ear.
“What was the name of that vets?” his manager asked.
Carlos took a deep breath and his mind aligned.
“Swayne and Partners,” he said and looked at Tom. “I can give you the address.”
“That would be fantastic,” Tom said. “Did they check the chip?”
“Yeah they did.” Carlos took a pen and business card off his manager. “But it must have been registered to your old house and phone number.”
“I’ll update it when I’m down there.” Tom took the card. “Thanks for taking the trouble.”
“No trouble,” Carlos said. “A very well behaved dog. Just wandered off through the fence then? We wondered how such an obedient dog got so lost.”
“Yeah.” Tom nodded. “Something like that.” He held up the card. “I better pay them a visit, the kids are driving me mad. Thanks again.”
“One second,” Carlos said as Michelangelo pinched his elbow. “Is it a boy or a girl, your dog?”
“Girl,” the man said. “Her name’s Elva.”
“Aha, I told you,” Carlos said as Tom drove away. “Castrated male, no way. That vet nurse needs to go back to school.”
“Maybe it said on the system that it was a castrated male.”
“I can understand someone ticking the box that says male instead of female,” Carlos said, “that’s an easy mistake to make. But for someone to accidentally register on the form that a surgical operation took place is more than just a slip of the hand.”
“You say what, Carlos?” his manager asked.
“Oh, nothing.”
“Goodness.” His manager passed a hand over his eyes. “I just got terrible déjà vu. Do you ever get that Carlos? It’s enough to make you feel nauseous.”
“Not really,” Carlos said. “I’ve read about it though.”
“I’m going to go and sit down out of the sun for a few minutes,” his manager said. “Are you alright to keep an eye on things?”
Carlos nodded and watched until his manager was out of sight in the hut. Then he sat down on the fence and put his hands over his eyes. His heart rate was returning to normal. There was no way this job was worth such stress. He hated it. He wanted another job, elsewhere, something where he was working for a whole day, where there were always tasks to do, always things to keep you busy, where you really felt that you had done a good day’s work. Here, it was stagnant. It was more than that; he felt stagnant. He felt his mind slowing here. The momentary shock of thinking his manager had been held at gunpoint by some highway man acted on his stagnated brain like someone pouring acid onto an old sponge. He thought his eyes would just roll back and then fall out of their sockets and down his cheeks as his mouth sagged open and his skin peeled away from his skull. 
“I hate my work,” Lauren always told him. “There’s so much to do, so many people to talk to. I hate having to sign in, I hate having my breaks after eleven, I hate being on late lunch. I hate being given a to do list in the morning. A to do list? I’m not a slave, I do have a wage. I hate the competition, I hate the numbers, I hate that intern, I hate Jillian, I hate early lunch. I hate the location of the office in the city.”
“It can’t be all that bad,” Carlos replied.
“It’s work, Carlos, of course it is. No one wants to work. Everyone just wants to sit at home and do nothing.” She sniffed. “We’re meant to complain about work, it’s what everyone does. You must agree. You must hate your work.”
“Sorry, didn’t catch that again.”
“I said, you must hate your work. Everyone does!”
“No,” Carlos said. “It’s not too bad. I enjoy it.”
Lauren laughed.
“Why?” she said. “I’ve been up there and it’s a dirt hole. It’s for kids, Carlos, not thirty year old men. This is why, whenever my parents ask what you do, I lie and say mechanic. If I said he works in that second car garage on the main road, they’d laugh at you. When are you going to meet them, by the way?”
“Arrange an event,” Carlos said. “And I’ll meet them then.”
“An event? An event?” Lauren frowned. “I’m not a party planner, just come round and watch Saturday evening television. Meet them that way.”
“I won’t meet your parents just for the hell of it,” Carlos said. “I’ll go out to dinner with them or to a show or to a park but I’m not going to just sit on their sofa and watch T.V.”
“Why not?”
“They’re strangers. I’d have nothing to say.”
“They’re not strangers. They’re my parents.”
“So they’re not strangers to you. But they are strangers to me. Just because we both know you, it makes no difference. I shouldn’t be obliged to waste an evening watching rubbish T.V. with them just because I know you. Does Hannah do that?”
“No, but she’s not my-”
“Then I won’t. I don’t think I have any duties regarding your parents. If you want me to meet them, organise an activity that we can all participate in and get to know each other that way. I won’t just sit with them in the mind numbingly dull setting of your front room, watching desperate characters parade around in situations that act as entertainment.” 
“You are horrible sometimes,” Lauren said. “You know, you never tell me that I’m beautiful or that you’re glad we’re together.” Carlos scratched his chin. “You never tell me I’m perfect or flawless. I just want to hear that from my boyfriend. Is that too much to ask?”
“Why do you want someone to tell you you’re flawless?” Carlos said. His ears were heating up and he felt sick. “No one can be flawless. Everyone has imperfections, it’s just the way of life. I mean,” he scratched his chin again, “there probably is no perfect example of a human. We’re all different. We’re all perfect in our own imperfect way. If you were flawless,” he looked at Lauren, “if you were perfect, it’d be so in an imperfect world. So you’d be flawed, you’d be imperfect and the world would be flawless and perfect and you’d be the outcast.”
Lauren blinked at him. She puzzled.
“I just want to hear the words,” she finally said. “That’s all.” 
“Well, they’d be a lie,” Carlos said. “You can’t actually imagine you are flawlessly perfect. I’d know it was a lie, you’d know it was a lie. It’d make a mockery of both of us. I might as well just congratulate you on your moon landing.”
Michelangelo had laughed at that but Lauren hadn’t. She’d turned away and gone to sit on the other side of the park, amongst the trees, where the sunlight fell through the leaves in shafts and shadows. She’d got her phone out and rung someone. Carlos watched as she pressed it to her ear. He saw her frantic hand gestures and her cursory glanced towards him. Then he’d lain back on the grass and stared at the sky.
“I just wish the cosmos would help her,” he said to the clouds. 
“Not you?” Michelangelo replied and lay down as well.
“Not me,” Carlos said. “I can help myself. I can survive anything. But her; she needs help.” 
“Maybe the cosmos is helping her by giving her you,” Michelangelo said. “And your pain is inconsequential because you can survive anything.”
Carlos put his hands over his face. 
“Hey there, Carlos, my boy,” his manager said to him and patted his arm. “Is it time for your tea break yet? You’ve been running around all day.”
“No, I’m ok.” Carlos quickly took his hands off his face and gave his manager his most perfect, optimistic, happiest of smiles. “Driving is break enough for me. You go and have yours. I’ll watch the cars.”
His manager thanked him and left. A few minutes later, a car pulled up by the fence. Carlos got up. The driver didn’t get out or switch the engine off. He wound down the window and Carlos came over. There were three kids in the back and a woman in the passenger seat. Bags and blankets and books were piled up all over the car. Carlos peered in. One of the boys was holding a harmonica in one hand and the Brother’s Grimm book of Fairytales in the other. He had a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle t-shirt on.
“Hi, can you give us directions to the town?” the woman asked. She had a map screwed up in her lap. “We’ve been driving this stretch for hours.”
“Keep driving.” Carlos pointed along the road. “You pick up signs for it in about five minutes.”
The boy blew the harmonica and it sent a shivering chord through Carlos’s heart. His mind spun and his vision blotched. It felt like déjà vu again. Sickeningly powerful. He was aware of the man thanking him and the car pulling away, then he took a step backwards and fell against the fence. He didn’t know what the world would look like when he raised his head. Existence had altered. His mind was reeling, his stomach was trying to empty its entire contents onto the grass. What was Carlos? Where was he? He pinched his eyebrows and tried to anchor himself.
“Are you coming out with us tonight, you little rat,” Haz said and put him in a headlock.
“No, I can’t,” Carlos said.
“Oh, come on.” Haz pushed him away. His face had fallen. “Please.” He punched his arm.
“I can’t.”
“We’re only going to the cinema,” Bing said. “We can see that film you like. They’re re screening Titanic as well. Fancy that?”
“Gay film,” Haz said.
“I really can’t,” Carlos said. “I agreed to meet someone else.”
“Who else is more important that family?” Haz demanded and flicked Carlos’ ear. “Ditch them, come with us.”
“I agreed to go with them first. I’ll come out with you tomorrow, no, the next night.”
“Why not tomorrow?” Haz asked. “Are you avoiding us?”
“I agreed to take a car for an MOT,” Carlos said. “Overtime, you know.”
He felt sick. He could feel his gorge rising. Any minute now, he was going to lean over and vomit all over their shoes. He swallowed and wiped his forehead. Bing was watching him. Haz leaned forward and pretended to be sick with a great deal of retching and choking in the way that he did when he felt things weren’t going right. He straightened up.
“What a gip,” he said and kicked Carlos. “I don’t know what I’m doing in two night’s time. I might be busy then. Go on then.” He pushed him. “Get lost.”
“See you Carlos.” Bing waved.
“Bye, Bing.”
He went back to his house and got his harmonica. He turned it over in his hands a few times and then put it in his pocket. He hadn’t played since he was about nineteen. Then he pushed the hair out of his eyes and jogged to Marc’s house. He was sitting on his wall in the twilight, his face pale.
“Thanks for coming, Carlos,” he said as Carlos came to a stop by him. “I feel like I’m lumping all my problems onto you.”
“It’s no problem,” Carlos said.
“Life must be so easy for you,” Marc said and smiled. “I mean, you never have trouble like this. You’re so easy to just chat to, you know. I really feel like I can talk to you. Anyone can talk to you; it’s why I sent you to Elva.”
Carlos smiled. It hurt to smile. He could feel his face stretched. It felt wrong, it felt fake.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t bring back better news,” he said.
“Not your fault.” Marc shook his head. “And I know what you said. But I can’t just let her go. I can’t just let her say that’s it and then walk away. I have to win her back, you know. My sister went into hospital this morning and I just feel like Elva’s the only thing I can rely on.”
“What’s up with your sister?”
“She had a hole in her heart as a baby and there’s been complications in recent days.” Marc wiped his forehead. “They’re running tests.”
Carlos tried to put a sympathetic face on. In his head, he noted that a heart defect could well be due to bad genetics and that Marc probably wouldn’t make good father material. Elva might be justified in staying away.
“Anyway.” Marc smiled at him. “You ready?”
Carlos nodded.
“You sure you want to be here? Doing this with me?”
“Of course.” Carlos smiled. “I have nowhere else to be but with you right now.”
They walked up the road in silence. The street lamps flashed on as they passed. Carlos checked the harmonica in his pocket. It was cold, even through his trouser.
“Here we are,” Marc said and stopped by Elva’s apartment block. “Is her window at the front or at the back?”
“Back.”
They went round the back and stood in the small back garden. Marc craned his neck.
“Elva!” he called into the night. “Elva! It’s Marc!”
Carlos got the harmonica out of his pocket and blew a few notes on it. His head reeled and he had to quickly swallow to stop himself being sick. The déjà vu was overpowering. He could smell the old estate in the sunshine, the concrete and hot tarmac, the sound of Tom laughing, the grating rumble of skateboard wheels on the pavement. He blew the harmonica again and it all came flooding back, like he was watching a film. He should have been watching a film that night, he shouldn’t be there.
“Elva!” Marc called again. “It’s Marc.” He glanced at Carlos. “Ready? One, two, three, four.” [To continue with this thread, please click here]. 
Carlos took his hands away from his head and looked up. The road was empty about him. Michelangelo was a few feet away smoking a cigarette and staring into the sky. Something whacked his shoulder.
“Time for your break,” his manager said and nodded to the hut. “Go on.”
“I’m ok, I don’t really need one.”
“You’re sitting on the gravel with your head in your hands.” The manager smiled at him. “Go and have a drink. It’s hot today.”
Carlos didn’t fancy it but he could predict what his manager would do and say of he refused. He just wanted to be on his own. He got to his feet and crossed the allotment. The hut was even hotter at this end of the day. He lay stretched out on the floor and put a book from the shelf over his eyes. As a teenager, when he first got the job, he wanted there to be shelves filled with books on every wall of the hut. Partly to make the business look refined and sophisticated, partly for something for him to do. He had brought in about six or seven books in the first few weeks and then nothing for the last decade or so. Those six or seven books hadn’t stayed on the allocated shelf either. One or two had been stolen by interested customers, another couple Carlos had reclaimed and the remaining two or three served to prop up wonky chairs or keep the doors open in the wind. 
Carlos sat up and looked at the book. It was The Jew of Malta by Christopher Marlowe, Shakespeare adversary in the sixteenth century. Carlos flicked through it. He remembered reading it for the first time at school. It started off with a prologue from a character obviously based on Machiavelli, talking about the fortune man forges for himself, how he has the ability to dictate his own path, how it has nothing to do with Fortune and God and Divine Providence. Religion is just a toy, there is no sin, only ignorance. Man can do anything if he is willing to adapt to the situation. Carlos stood up and put it back on the shelf. He had reread it the week before during one slow work hour. The lead character, filled with Machiavellian design and ingenuity, ends up falling in a boiling pot and being cooked alive. 
“How do you do that?” Carlos asked Professor Gerry Turner as the man slowly let himself drop back to the floor. “Is it a trick?”
“No, it’s flight,” Professor Gerry Turner said. “Believe what you see, Carlos.”
“But that’s impossible.”
“Have you ever read the Jew of Malta, Carlos?”
“Bits of it. Why?”
“Then you will understand the importance of man’s own ingenuity, even in the face of God.” He looked at Michelangelo. “Regardless of the face of God.”
“How did you learn to do that?” Carlos asked.
“Inner contemplation. I aligned my soul with the universe. I controlled my dreams,” Professor Gerry Turner said. “And it happened.”
“Dreams?”
“Dreams, Carlos. They show our heart’s desires, our weaknesses, our strengths. It’s a window to our soul and a soul is the only thing you need if you wish to fly.”
“Can you show me again?”
Professor Gerry Turner smiled and floated up into the air again. Carlos gasped and stepped back. Professor Gerry Turner somersaulted slowly in the air and then drifted around the room like a whale cruising through the ocean. Carlos turned on the spot to watch him as he circled overhead. His mouth had gone dry. He was seeing stars. Professor Gerry Turner alighted by the open window.
“There is nothing greater,” he said, “than being in a forest in the dead of night and feeling the branches on your face as you soar ten feet above the ground. The moon looks attainable.”
Then he ducked down and drifted through the open window and out of sight.
Carlos looked at Michelangelo.
“Pretty cool, huh,” he said. “Are you going to learn?”
Carlos nodded slowly. He shut his eyes and took a deep breath. He located his soul. Someone hammered on the lab door. Carlos jumped and looked around.
“Quick,” Michelangelo said and turned on a gas tap. “Look busy.”
Something heavy thudded against the door. Michelangelo and Carlos looked at each other. The door thudded again and this time, all the windows shook in their frames.
“Let’s get out of here,” Michelangelo said and ran to a smaller door that led to the private offices. “Come on Carlos.”
Carlos followed just as the door burst open.
“There’s two in here!” one man called. “Stop! You’re under arrest.”
“Run!” Michelangelo shouted and dived through the offices into the corridor beyond.
“Maybe we should stop and talk to them!” Carlos said as they whipped around the corridor. “See what they want?!”
“Are you mad?” Michelangelo pulled open a door and took the steps beyond three at a time. “They’re here for Gerry. They’re going to investigate his work, they’ll experiment on him like some sort of guinea pig.”
Carlos leapt after him. He had almost reached the top of the stairs when a hand grabbed his ankle and pulled him back.
“I said stop!” a man said from below him. “You’re being investigated.”
Carlos looked over his shoulder. The man was dressed in a jumper and jeans, not like the agents from films at all. His hair was greying and he was bald in patches. He got a phone out of his pocket.
“Carlos!” Michelangelo cried from the top. “Give me your hand.”
The man looked up. Carlos took Michelangelo’s hand. Below them, there came a muted rumble and men shouted.
“The gas taps.” Michelangelo smiled. “Kick him off, Carlos.”
Carlos kicked the man off. He fell back a few steps and Carlos raced after Michelangelo. They went up and up and up the stairs until they burst through a door and onto the sunlit roof. Michelangelo ran to the roof side and looked down.
“Can you fly yet?” he asked Carlos.
“No!” Carlos said. “Of course not!”
He turned. They could hear feet thundering up the stairwell and raised voices.
“Jeez,” Michelangelo said. “We’re going to have to think fast. Reckon you can kill a man?”
“No!”
“Carlos! Michelangelo!”
They looked up just as Professor Gerry Turner soared overhead and landed on the roof. He beckoned them over.
“We don’t have much time.”
Michelangelo grabbed his leg and then Professor Gerry Turner jumped into the air and flew overhead. Carlos ran after them and jumped. He caught hold of Michelangelo’s belt and then the three of them were airborne, soaring over the roof, over the trees and towards the road beyond.
Carlos looked beneath him as they flew. His feet were dangling in mid air. His hands felt slick with sweat, there was wind in his hair, he was weightless. He smiled.
“This is amazing!” he called up to Michelangelo. “We’re flying! I’m flying!”
Professor Gerry Turner landed in a grassy park a few feet from the building away. The sunlight fell through the leaves in shafts and shadows and hid them from the road.
“What will you do?” Michelangelo asked Professor Gerry Turner. “Now that they’re after you?”
“I will move on. I can disappear,” he said. “Don’t worry for me, my friends. Carlos.” He looked at him. “Keep practicing.”
Then he jumped upwards and shot through the leaves of the tree. Carlos and Michelangelo stepped back and tried to pick him out in the sky but there was only a flock of sparrows twisting and turning as one unit, leaning towards the horizon. 
Carlos took the car he had picked up back to the allotment that Monday. He and Michelangelo didn’t say a word to one another. Carlos’ head was full of the sight of the earth when he had been in the sky; the cars on the road, the people in their gardens, the fresh, crisp, cold air on his face. He wanted to fly again. He spent that Sunday standing in his garden, eyes shut, completely still, trying to find his soul. On Monday, he logged into his hotmail and found an email back from the rental company in Wales. The property he was interested had just been occupied by someone else, literally in the last forty eight hours. They were very sorry but was he interested in anything else?
Carlos sat back on the chair in the hut and rubbed his chin. 
“What are you thinking?” Michelangelo asked him.
“About Wales.”
“Do you fancy taking a trip down there?” Michelangelo asked.
“No, are you mad?” Carlos said and shut the laptop. He stood up. “Don’t be silly.”
“You can see if it’s Gary Sullivan who got the property,” Michelangelo said. “And work out what’s going on with him.”
“I don’t have the time off to go and do that.”
“Call in sick.” Michelangelo nodded out of the window to where his manager was polishing the bonnet of a car in the sunshine. “He won’t mind.”
Carlos laughed and shook his head. But Michelangelo was still looking at him. Carlos pushed him away and went back to work.
When he woke up on Tuesday morning, he lay in bed for a few minutes, which was unusual for him. He rubbed his chin. Then he picked up the phone. For a few minutes, he couldn’t remember his work number. Then his phone froze, then when he got it to call, no one answered. He got up and got dressed and ate breakfast and had a wash and waited in his car. He dialled work again. His manager answered.
“It’s Carlos.”
“Hello, Carlos, everything ok?”
“I don’t feel well,” Carlos said. “I’m going to the doctor’s first thing and I’ll be back at lunch.”
“That’s fine, Carlos, fine. Is it serious?”
“I’ve had it before, as a child,” Carlos said. “But it’s been coming back in recent weeks.”
“Fine, Carlos, take all the time you need. I hope you get better.”
The phone went dead. Carlos looked at Michelangelo in the passenger seat.
“You won’t be able to get to Wales and back before twelve.”
“That was just a cover.” Carlos started the engine. “I won’t come back until I’ve found out who’s at the property.”
They went to put petrol in the car and found out the station was closed.
“What are the chances of that?” Michelangelo said out of the window as Carlos stared at the abandoned pumps. “How much have you got in the tank? Where’s the nearest station to here?”
“Tesco.” Carlos got back in the car. “Ten miles.” He checked the gauge. “We should be able to make it.”
Carlos drove slowly, with low revs, for ten miles until they reached Tesco. There was a huge queue and then the card machine failed when Carlos got there and he had to jog to the cash machine and draw out money. Then, when he joined the motorway, there were tailbacks because of a lorry fire. Carlos put his head on the steering wheel.
“Should I just go back?” he said to Michelangelo. “Go to work, say I’m fine and forget it? It’s like God doesn’t want me to go at all.”
“Don’t be stupid.”
The car spluttered beneath them and the lights on the dashboard went out. Carlos put his head in his hands and then turned the key in the ignition again. The traffic started moving. People started honking him. Michelangelo hid behind his seat. Exhaust fumes and hot air and the smell of scalding tarmac drifted in through the window. Carlos felt his skin begin to sweat. On the fifth try, he got the engine going again and directed the car onto the hard shoulder.
“AA?” Michelangelo said and handed him his phone.
“I could walk back to town from here,” Carlos said and checked his mirror.
“Then you’ll never get to Wales.”
“I don’t think I’m meant to go,” Carlos said. “I should have just stayed home and learnt to fly.” [To continue with this thread, please click here].
Carlos stood in the hut on the Thursday two days later, held out his arms and shut his eyes. He found his soul. His body suddenly felt loose and disconnected. He wasn’t attached anymore. He was floating, he was bobbing up and up, towards the hut ceiling, any minute now, he’d fill his head knock on wood. Excitedly, his breath catching in his chest, he opened his eyes. He was still standing on the floor, completely rooted to the ground. His body suddenly felt as though it weighed a million tonnes. He let his arms fall to his side.
“Still can’t do it?” Michelangelo asked from the doorway. “It took Professor Gerry Turner years and years. It took lots of contemplation. It wasn’t just a spiritual quest. It took him to the ends of the earth.”
“I wonder if Tom could do it,” Carlos said.
“He doesn’t like being called Tom anymore,” Michelangelo said.
“Anymore,” Carlos said. “No, he doesn’t.”
On that day, when he’d gone round his grandma’s and sat with Bing and Haz by the television, when the house had been filled with relatives who had known or helped raise Tom, he had thought about anymore. There was no longer an anymore. Tom had gone.
“Call me Atem now,” he had said when he came back from Egypt for the first time. “I shouldn’t shy away from my heritage.”
“There is he,” Haz said and pointed at the screen.
“That’s not him,” an aunt said from behind them.
“Tis.”
“It’s not Haz. That boy’s isn’t five foot.”
Carlos looked at the television screen. Whoever Haz had pointed out wasn’t Tom. Carlos scanned the other rioters and couldn’t see him there either. He saw a red fire engine parked by the curb, the fire fighters standing around beside it with their arms crossed. The rioters were spray painting the buildings and throwing chairs through windows and climbing up lampposts to throw blocks at the police. It wasn’t Egypt this time, it was just London but they knew Tom was there somewhere. He had come back from Egypt after the civil war and then marched on Oxford Street with a crowd of anarchists before even coming home to see them.
“That’s my main issue with all of this,” their grandma said from the doorway. “He never even came back. Just straight from one fight to another. It’s like he doesn’t even remember us anymore.”
Carlos doubted he did. When Tom had been twenty one, he’d gone on holiday to Egypt for two weeks. He hadn’t come back for six years and when he did, he wore different clothes and combed his hair differently and wanted a different name and acted differently.
“Call me Atem now,” he said. “I shouldn’t shy away from my heritage.”
 He no longer spoke. He no longer exchanged information with Carlos via mischievous glances across the dining room table. He was quieter, he sat in silence, scowling or cracking his fingers. He only stayed at home for a few years and then he went back to the Middle East. He wrote his mother a letter saying he was fighting in Cairo with his group of Egyptian warriors. His grandfather knew a journalist in London who knew someone covering the story in Cairo and he was said to have located Tom. They heard horror stories from this man; Tom holding a gun, Tom standing at forefront of crowds and screaming at government troops as planes soared just above the buildings. Tom fighting with police, hacking off people’s arms with a bloody machete, sweat and dirt streaked down his face. The journalist sent a photo back of Tom standing in front of a blood splattered wall, his shirt torn, rubbish and clothes littering the ground at his feet, surrounded by men holding guns and knives. He could hardly be Tom. What had happened? Carlos looked at the picture. He used to share shoes with him. He used to copy his homework and help with his spelling. His mother had seen him looking at the photo and it made her heart ache. She realised he was one half of a whole now. For twenty one years, he had always been with another and now that other was gone.
“That’s Tom,” Haz said and pointed to someone else. “With the fence post.”
They all looked. It was hard to tell which one he was pointing at. The camera kept bumping up and down and all the protesters wore identical black clothes with their faces covered in black masks. A group of four young men had grabbed a strip of fencing and were ramming it against the doors of HSBC. The crowd stood back and watched as the four men ran at the glass again and again and again. When it finally shattered, the crowd roared. Three of the guys punched the air and clapped each other on the back before jumping through the shattered pane. The fourth didn’t. Carlos knew it was him at once. He didn’t punch the air, he just stepped back and observed the destruction, his masked face tilting this way and that, then he turned away.
“That’s Tom,” Carlos said and pointed.
“Where?”
“The one pushing back through the crowds.”
The people in the crowd let him pass, some followed him. He picked up a broken fence pole from the ground and swung it as he walked and the rioters gravitated towards him. Then the camera turned away and he was gone.
“How was your cousin?” Lauren had asked him when Carlos had next seen her.
“My cousin?”
“Yes,” Lauren said and rolled her eyes. “You said he’d got back from holiday and you went to see him. God, Carlos, I never even knew you had a cousin. What’s his name?”
Carlos had paused. If he said Atem, Lauren would be confused. If he said Tom, it felt like sculpting something which wasn’t there.
“Atem,” he said.
“Atem?” Lauren frowned. “Why such a funny name?”
“His mum is Egyptian.”
“Really? There’s a fight in Egypt at the moment or something isn’t there? I think.” She scratched her ear. “Or I heard. What’s Atem like? Are you close?”
“Not really.” [To continue with this thread, please click here]. 
“Do you want to do something tomorrow?”
“Sure.”
“What? Think of something to do.”
Carlos scratched his head.
“If you want to do something,” he said, “you think of something to do.”
“Carlos, that makes it sound like you don’t want to spend time with me.”
Carlos looked at her.
“I’m not happy just kicking about with her,” he had once told Michelangelo. “I’m bored. I’m happiest just kicking about on my own but she needs me to be there. I’m a priority of hers.”
“Is she not one of yours?”
“She is but not through my choice; through our circumstance. I arrange my schedule around her but I don’t need to see her, I do have other things to do. I’m doing it for the benefit of her. When she’s with me, she classifies that as an activity. For me, it’s just a waste of time.” 
 “End it then, Carlos,” Michelangelo said. He had a pencil in his mouth. “You’re wasting your life. You don’t want to still have these thoughts in twenty years time.”
“It might be better in twenty years time.” Carlos bit his lip. “I think I might be helping her get used to the world. I’m trying to help, I am. I listen to her and help, it’s just hard to do that with someone who doesn’t want to be relieved of their burdens. She likes to complain and be cynical and feel like she has nothing.”
He had dreamt the night before about flying, of whishing through some moonlit forest, feet above the ground, nipping between the trunks and branches as the cold night air stung his face and ears and fingers. He imagined dipping, up, up, up, above the trees, into the sky and then falling back to earth. He always dreamt of flying. It made him smile when he awoke. It was that morning that he realised he never dreamt of Lauren. In three years, she had never entered his sub consciousness. She was less real to him that the characters in books he read or the films he saw or the men he dreamt up. She was just a wisp. 
“Do you love me?” she asked him.
He couldn’t lie, he wasn’t a liar but there’s no way you can avoid that question. He smiled and swallowed. Then he remembered the Truman Show: in that, the couple get fake married and the woman crosses her fingers. At the time, Carlos thought that it was no way to negate anything. When you’re married, you’re married, you can’t escape it by crossing your fingers. But right then, at that moment when Lauren smiled up into his face, it seemed like a Godsend. Everyone lies publicly, the fake smile, the ‘yes I’m having a nice day’, the ‘there’s nothing wrong’. Lying publicly to put people at ease wasn’t only accepted, it was encouraged. Privately, he had to keep his identity and he knew that. And The Truman Show showed him how. He crossed his fingers.
“Yes,” he said. 
There was no need to overdo it. Lauren beamed and hugged him. His fingers were still crossed. The pain from the strange contortion was like an oasis in the middle of a desert.
“Sometimes,” he told Michelangelo that Thursday in the hut, “I try and remove myself from us as a couple and take an objective view of our relationship. I see co dependence, two people too weak to live separately from each other and it makes me sick. I always hated those people, I criticised them. Now I am one. Weak.”
“End it,” Michelangelo said. He was balancing a spoon on the end of his nose and goose stepping up and down the hut. “You have to.”
“If her whole world came crashing down because her dad might or might not be made redundant, imagine how she’d be if her boyfriend of three years, the man she loves and who loves her, the man she’s been looking at houses with, suddenly ups and leaves.” Carlos smiled. “She might kill herself. I can’t do that to her. I have to put others first. I can’t leave knowing that she’ll become depressed. It’s unfair, it’s me deliberately hurting her. I have to stay.”
Michelangelo took the spoon of his nose and looked at him.
“Then you are well and truly trapped, aren’t you,” he said. “Forever and ever and ever. There must have been a moment when you could have escaped, where you weren’t close enough to hurt her but you weren’t so faraway as to think she was amazing.”
“There was a moment,” Carlos said. “But I missed it.” He sat on the edge of the desk. “I just hope she gets as unhappy as me and she has the guts to end it. Or dies.”
“But then, what about five years time?” Michelangelo sat next to him and put the spoon back on his nose. “If she leaves you. Where will you live? How will you support yourself? What about kids? What about your future?”
“I don’t even know if I want all that,” Carlos said. “I just didn’t want to throw it in the face of fate by ending it with her. I want her to end it. Then it’s fate saying we aren’t meant to be together. Or if she dies, that’s fate saying we’re not meant to be together. I won’t go against fate.”
“What about her?”
“I want her to find someone beautiful who really loves her, someone so kind and amazing she forgets all about me and the time we spent together.”
“Carlos,” his manager said from the doorway. “After your break, could you spray the weeds around the allotment.”
“Sure,” Carlos said and got off the desk. “I’m just finishing now.”
“What’s this?” his manager said and picked up The Jew of Malta.
“Oh, just an old book someone left,” Carlos said. “It’s rubbish, chuck it.”
“No, you know what, I’ve got a great idea,” his manager said. “See that shelf there?”
“Yeah.”
“Let’s put loads of reading books on it.” He put the Jew of Malta up there, then turned, beaming at Carlos. “Then customers can read whilst they wait, we can read on our breaks, it’ll make our business look refined and sophisticated.” He beamed. “What do you reckon?”
“Good idea.”
“You got any old books to contribute?”
“Sure,” Carlos said. “I’ll look around.”
“My wife’s just finished doing her Open University degree,” his manager said. “She’s got loads left over from that. One I was reading last night was all about how to be a good leader. It was written, like, thousands of years ago by some Italian.”
“The Prince?” Carlos said. “By Machiavelli.”
“Yeah that’s it. God, you’re clever,” his manager said. “I’ll bring it up here and you can read it. DVD’s too. We can rent them out. We can be a library and a car sales allotment. I’ve got DVD’s I don’t watch anymore. What’s that one with Winslet and Dicaprio? About the boat? I’ll put that up there no problem. I’m sick of it.”
Carlos smiled. It was that fake smile that hurt his lips. There was nothing behind it. It was just him stretching his skin. A hollow smile. Lauren could never recognise his hollow smiles. His mother always could and she’d clip him round the ear and say “either smile nicely or don’t smile at all.” Lauren never could. She just beamed in response. Strange how a fake smile could make her genuinely smile. Emotions were so easily manipulated. He thought back to the day he had opened up to her.
“What’s the matter Carlos?” she had crooned at him and squeezed his arm with a tenderness that made him want to snap her dainty, pale fingers with their perfectly cut and decorated nails. “Don’t shut me out. I want to know how you feel.”
“I hate life,” he said with a shrug. “There’s nothing you can do about it. It’s not a question of being shut out. It’s just how I feel. You can’t stop it, like you can’t stop recurring athlete’s foot.”
She frowned at him.
“You hate life?” she repeated. “What do you hate about life?”
He was so touched this time. She seemed to care. She had heard him and responded with a question that dealt with his needs. His heart moved in his chest. It was time. Time to talk. Time to just let her see a bit of himself.
“The shallowness, the superficiality of it all,” he said.
“Like what?” 
She looked so attentive, so sympathetic. It was like old Lauren. He felt himself softening.
“Everything, culture, friendships, clothes, fashion;” he said. “It’s all so susceptible to change. Everything fades away and dies. There’s no point worrying about mortgages or Facebook, or drinking or the television because in one hundred years time, all that will be gone and the particles that comprised it all will also be gone. And you’ll be nothing more than vapours in the air and it’ll be as though you never were.” Carlos drew breath. “All that stuff just causes unnecessary grief. And that’s what I really hate about life: the constant repeats of grief, not at death per se, but at the concept of things changing and moving on. It’s the sudden realisation that nothing is forever and that whatever you had is gone and whatever you currently have will one day be gone too. I remember crying loads when my first dog died. Not because I’d miss him that much, I barely saw him, but because it really made me understand that nothing is ever forever, everything fades, everything grows away from you, there is no eternity here, you cannot put your faith or love in anything because, sooner or later, it will be gone. Humans experience that sort of grief every day; a familiar house knocked down, a favourite drink which changes the ingredients and suddenly tastes completely different, an old friend who you loved growing up into someone you hate. The grief never lasts, nothing ever does, but it always comes back. Like happiness. Emotions work in cycles, they’re temporary, like everything else. You can’t try and be happy, happiness isn’t a goal. It’s just a state, like exhaling. It comes, it goes, it comes, it goes. Life is ultimately shit, everything leaves you and nothing is forever. Society is meaningless and nothing I do will ever really change the fact that I’m going to die and, before I do, I will experience the happiness of finding lots and lots of things to love and then the grief of watching them all die away in front of me, leaving me more alone that I ever was; abject loneliness. Death is a release from this, the eternal rest and peace from emotion, from feeling, from life. Life is just a displacement activity, after all. We all just do things to keep ourselves busy until we die. It’s not a depressing thought, it’s true. It’s like being at a bus station, waiting for your bus to come in; to waste time until your bus comes in, you might read the local bulletin board. Whatever is posted on there doesn’t matter to you, any information you absorb doesn’t matter because you’re just waiting, just passing through, and in a few minutes you’ll be gone and anything you read will be forgotten. That’s life. I went round Marc’s grandma’s this morning. I didn’t want to, he asked me to go with him and I thought about saying ‘no’ but then I thought, why bother? In one hundred years I’ll be dead anyway. Who cares if I have one boring morning? It won’t count towards anything. And if I don’t go, I’ll only be sitting at home alone, doing nothing. And the worst way to waste time is doing nothing. Read a book or something but to just sit and wait for the hour to arrive when you can die? That’s dire. So I went round his grandma and then I got the text from you saying come and meet me, so I came and for the same reasons; to just be able to do something and not sit about, to just keep myself busy, ticking over until I can die. That’s what we’re all waiting for.”
“Thanks, Carlos, thank you for comparing a day with me to a visit round your friend’s grandma’s house.” Lauren was back to herself. She frowned and folded her arms. “That really makes me feel good, really good about myself. You know, just this morning I was-”
Carlos could hear her talking but he wasn’t listening. He was looking at the door behind her. The door. A door. Door. What is door? A word, a sound he made. Door. But what was door? A piece of wood. Something constructed, produced, hung, used, don’t damage the door, shut the door! Open the door, will you? Push the door to, mind the door, damaged, repaired, damaged, replaced, taken down, pulped, forgotten. Sometimes he felt the weight of everything on his chest, a physical weight as though everything in the world was sitting on his lungs. He found it hard to draw breath. The pressure was so intense, it felt like he was hiding behind a wall of tears and, one day, the wall would break and he’d just break down into a screaming fit somewhere. He’d cry and cry and cry until he couldn’t cry anymore, until all the pain and grief and emptiness of the world had rung him out like a damp cloth and then tossed him aside. He took a shuddering breath. His throat was tight. The tears felt so close, any second now, Lauren was chattering on and on and on, it’d happen. First with a gasp, then a tear, then a cry and he’d be lost forever and ever, drowned by nothingness, by the absent. What was it? Boredom. He called it boredom but it was something more than that. It was a lack but of what? More than just a lack of activity, a lack of meaning. 
Some days he kept himself busy and didn’t think about it. He walked, he worked, he tried to shut off parts of his mind so he could watch television or read or book or just be happy that he was happy. He cleaned his shoes, ironed his clothes and ate food that was healthy. Other days, it really hit home. It felt like an ant suddenly looking up and seeing the great arcing expanse of the cosmos above him and saying, “Holy Lord Jesus, all that’s been bloody hanging up there whilst I’ve been carrying leaves?”
“Carlos?”
He looked up. His manager was holding out a small plastic up of orange juice.
“You looked a little pale,” he said. “I thought this might help.”
“Thanks.” Carlos took the cup. “Yes, I’m sure this will do just the trick.”



Chapter Fourteen:

He got the pump from behind the shed, strapped it to his back like a Ghostbuster and then walked around the allotment spraying any weeds his saw with the hose. Michelangelo shadowed him, blowing bubbles from a hoop using a small mix of fairy liquid.
“Do you think you’ll remember me?” he asked.
“Remember to spray you?” Carlos said and knelt down to get the weeds around the drain.
“No remember me, just generally. When you’re eighty years old, all the places you’ve seen, the people you met, the ages you’ve lived through. What place will I occupy in your memory? Will I be there at all? In eighty years time, will you remember my name and my face or will I be Forgotten?” Michelangelo blew a huge bubble from the hoop and the both watched as it bobbed upwards, the shining surface glinting off the afternoon sunlight like a car’s windscreen. Carlos could see all the colours and vapours swimming across the thin skin.
“That sentiment carries with it the promise that you will leave one day.” Carlos went back to spraying weeds. “I haven’t seen evidence of that yet.”
Michelangelo laughed.
“Who knows what we remember and what we don’t,” Carlos said. “I always thought Tom would remember me but in just ten years that’s proven to be false.”
“He might still remember you.” Michelangelo sat on the fence. It was still hot, even in the afternoon. Sweat was collecting on his forehead and making his dark hair stick. “He’s just busy doing other things.”
“If he remembers, he doesn’t honour.” Carlos took the pump off his back; his shirt was sticking to his skin with sweat beneath it. He sat beside Michelangelo. “It doesn’t matter anyway; I’ve moved on as well.”
“When was the last time you saw him? The HSBC riot?”
“No, he went to Libya straight after that and fought in the revolution there. We all saw him when he came back.”
“That can’t have been too long ago.”
“Three weeks,” Carlos said. “I’m not sure where he is now though. He might have gone back.”
Carlos had got dressed smartly that day. He had tried on his old blazer from the days when he and Tom had been seventeen, to show him that he still thought of him, still missed him, that he still wanted to be friends. He met Haz and Bing on the street corner. He hadn’t told Lauren what he was doing.
“Where are you going?” she asked as he left the house. “Stay here with me. Let’s sit in the sunshine and look at the clouds.”
That seemed like such an innocent past time. Lauren rarely suggested anything so relaxed. He thought of Tom, tall and thin, a warrior with a machete, bloodstained and unknown to him. Cloud watching seemed so much softer, easier. He wished he could have stayed. He didn’t want to see Tom anymore.
“I thought you might not come,” Bing said when Carlos met them at the newsagents.
“Why wouldn’t he come?” Haz said and flicked his cigarette away. “This is Tom we’re talking about.”
“Atem,” Bing reminded him.
“Yeah.” Haz laughed. “What an idiot, right? Right?”
Bing and Carlos made no sound. They started walking. Now out of his dog collar, Bing chose to wore muted dress; a pair of jeans, an old shirt. He never gelled his hair or sprayed on aftershave and Carlos felt relaxed beside him. Haz was dressed up in a shirt and pressed trousers, his shoes were shiny, his hair was cut and styled to perfection. He had shaved a moustache on and they could smell the cologne on him whenever the breeze caught their way. He enjoyed dressing up.
“Look at that man there,” he would say as the three of them went out. “Eurgh, he couldn’t even be bothered to put a clean shirt on. Look at his shoes! Who wears that combination of shoes. Hey, mate! Good to see you still care!”
And Bing and Carlos would smile at his jokes, both aware of the fact that the man was walking reflections of them.
They stopped on the street corner just up the road from their grandma’s house. Haz wanted another cigarette. He lit up and wandered away from them, one hand in his pocket, so the smoke didn’t blow and catch on their clothes. Carlos pressed his lips together. He felt sick again. He swallowed. A red Lamborghini cruised passed. Haz watched it through narrowed eyes, then spat on the floor.
“What’s the arrangement?” he asked Bing. “When’s he getting here?”
“I told your grandma we’d be there at eleven,” Bing said and checked his watch. “Then time for a bit of lunch, maybe a chat and Tom is due in at about twelve thirty or so your granddad said. We have plenty of time to get ready. Did you hear that apparently he’s lost a thumb?”
“Really? How?”
“Knife fight outside Tripoli,” Bing said. “Haz said it was cut clean off.”
“His thumb?” Carlos knew that thumb. He’d seen it play Playstation games, had watched it pull back a slingshot and had fought against it in silent thumb wars at the back of class. “How does Haz know?”
“He reckons one of your uncles told him.” Bing and Carlos smiled at each other. That was as good as saying Haz made it up. “You nervous?” Bing asked. Carlos shrugged. “I am,” Bing said.
“Me too.”
“Haz doesn’t seem to be.”
They both looked; he was trying to kick pigeons that were settling around the bin on the edge of the park.
“He wouldn’t,” Carlos said.
“Then I guess it’s just you and me, kid,” Bing smiled at him, “against the world.”
“I feel sick,” Carlos said.
“Has Tom hurt you that much?”
“Not about Tom. About everything. Look at me, Bing. Don’t you wonder what I’m doing with my life? I felt like I was given such a good thing, like Tom. Except he went on and used his life. I’ve blown mine away and not because I wanted to.” He looked at Bing. “Because the world just conspired to make it that way. Tom became the hero, Carlos... who is Carlos? Who cares?”
“God doesn’t push people down to keep them down,” Bing said. “God pushes people down so they can fight to stand back up.”
“I thought you left the Church?”
“I did,” Bing said.
“Ok, ladies.” Haz flicked the cigarette butt in their direction. It landed on the pavement and sparks flew up from it. Bing stepped it out. “Let’s roll.”
They walked up their grandma’s front garden and Haz opened the door.
“Hey ho!” he shouted. “The cavalry’s arrived!”
Their mother came out of the dining room, wiping her hands on a tea towel. She greeted Haz and Bing and then stopped Carlos.
“You look pale,” she said and stared into his face. “Are you eating?”
“Yes.” He looked down.
She grabbed his chin and forced him to look up. After a few seconds of staring between his eyes, she let go.
“Are you sure you want to be here?”
“Yes.”
“Ok, then come inside.” She shut the door. “He’s here now, in the kitchen.” [To continue with this thread, please click here].
Carlos put the pump behind the hut and straightened up.
“Carlos!” his manager said and waved. “I’m just going into town to cash some cheques. Are you ok holding down the fort for about half an hour?”
“Yes.” Carlos nodded. “Sure thing. No worries.”
They watched him drive away.
“The bank shuts at three,” Michelangelo said. “He better be quick.”
“He didn’t even take the cheques with him,” Carlos said.
“How do you know?”
“I filed them today in a special folder on the top shelf. He couldn’t have just found them.”
“Well,” Michelangelo put an arm around him, “it’s just you and me against the world, kid. What should we do?”
“Have you still got that bubble mixture?”
“Sure.”
They sat side by side on the fence and blew bubbles that shimmered and sparkled and rose into the sunny sky, glistening like tiny pieces of glass. 
Carlos started playing the harmonica. Marc climbed onto the recycling bins, held out his arms and started singing. Carlos took a breath and kept playing. Above their heads, windows opened and people stuck their heads out. They cheered and waved as Marc’s singing got louder and louder. Elva’s window remained shut. As Carlos took breath again, it slid open.
“Elva!” Marc gasped.
“Marc!” she shouted back. “What the hell are you doing?”
“I’m winning you back!”
“Winning me back? Because I’m stupid and I can be swayed by ten minutes of music?”
Carlos took that as he cue to stop playing. Elva was glaring at both of them. The occupants of the other windows drew away into their respective flats but kept the windows half open and the curtains blowing in the breeze. 
“Because the only reason I’d be with if you,” Elva continued to shout, “was if your friend could play some old tune on the harmonica whilst you sang from the dustbins. Do you think I’m that superficial?”
Carlos looked at Marc; he was sinking and sinking, growing smaller and smaller. He caught a movement from one of the other windows and put his harmonica in his pocket.
“Maybe we should just go,” he whispered.
But Elva wasn’t done.
“I’m so shallow and helpless, passive,” she shouted down, holding her heart, “that I need to be seduced to be with you. I can’t make the decision myself? God, you are so insulting.” 
Marc looked like he might fall apart and blow into the wind. Carlos looked up at him.
“Come on, mate,” he whispered. “She’s just being a bitch.”
“You’re a bitch!” Elva shouted down at him. “Standing there with your harmonica. What did he have to do to make you come along?”
“It’s Carlos,” Marc said and pointed to him. “My friend. He came and visited you last week.”
“I don’t remember him,” Elva said and stared at Carlos. “I’ve never seen him before in my life. Oh wait, I might have met him at the second car allotment site once but that was ages ago. He definitely wasn’t here.”
Carlos wondered if she was just mistaken or an excellent liar. He looked at Marc. He didn’t seem to care either way.
“Elva,” he said. “Please.”
But Elva shut the window. Some cheers of condolence came from other windows and they slowly shut as well. Marc stood on the bins for a long time, completely motionless, looking at his feet. After about an hour, Carlos climbed up there and helped him down.
He had debated telling Lauren about it and seeing what she thought of it all. It would be a nice thing to share. It wasn’t a story that meant he hated her, or wanted to spend less time with her or thought she was ugly. It was just a story about two other people. He wanted to share more things with Lauren; if they were going to be together forever and ever and ever, they might as well be in a team. Like in the Fairy stories; the hero and heroine always went on some quest together. They travelled together, camped together and arrived in a new world together. He wanted to do that with Lauren, to do something like that. He had no quest at that minute but he had this story. Maybe she could laugh with him and cry with him as he told it and share that journey.
“Hey Lauren,” he said when he next saw her. “Guess what?”
“I don’t have time for guessing games,” she said. She dropped her handbag and sat down on the sofa. She wiped her face and then sighed. “I’ve been working thirteen hours shifts all this week. I am knackered.”
“Oh right, I just had a funny story to tell you.”
“Didn’t you hear me, Carlos? I’m not in the mood. Thirteen hours is a lot. Do you know how much work that involves?”
“Think of all the money you’ll make,” Carlos said. “I wish I could have your income.”
“You are so shallow, Carlos,” Lauren said. “Like all men.” She kicked off her high heels. Her feet were red raw and blistered. “I have to go to Edinburgh next week on some conference, come with.”
“Could you say that again? I couldn’t hear all of it.”
“I said, come with me to Edinburgh next week. We can stop off in Whitby or somewhere.”
“Why Whitby?”
“I don’t know. Just the first place that came to mind.”
“No,” Carlos said.
“Ok, let’s stop off at York.”
“I mean no, I’m not coming at all.”
“Why not?” Lauren scowled at him. “You never want to do anything.”
“I’ve been before. I don’t want to spoil those memories.”
“You are so depressed,” Lauren said. “Cheer up a bit and just come and have an adventure.”
“I’m not depressed,” Carlos said. “I can just get loads of work done if I stay here. The train ticket to Edinburgh alone could cost over one hundred pounds. I’d much prefer to spend that money on a train ticket to somewhere I haven’t been, like Hamburg.”
“Yuk.” Lauren pulled a face. “I’m not going to Germany. Let’s go to Venice.”
“We’ve been to Venice,” Carlos said. “I don’t want to revisit old places, I want to see new cities.”
“I’m not going anywhere unfamiliar.”
“Then you’ll go nowhere.” 
He and Lauren had gone to Venice a year or so before. As he walked through the squares, the pigeons flapping around his head, the people in all directions, the sun on the top of the buildings, he had been ecstatic. He wanted to see everything, every bridge, every wall, every gondola, ever stretch of canal. It had taken his breath away. He wanted to explore, to experience.
“Oh my God, this is fantastic,” he said and took a picture of a couple on a flight of steps leading to a bridge. The water beneath them was bright blue. “I feel like I might start floating.”
“Carlos,” Lauren said and held his arm. “Don’t walk so fast, I don’t want to lose you. Carlos, slow down. Carlos, Carlos, I said slow.” She jerked his arm and his hand slipped off the camera.
“Careful.”
“Why don’t you take pictures of me here?” She posed, pouting lips, heads tilted back. Carlos looked at her, then turned away and raised the camera lens to his eye.
“Because,” he said, “I can see you anytime.” He took a picture of a pigeon over the water. “I don’t need a photo to remember it.”
“I’m cold,” Lauren said. “Let’s go and sit in the hotel room. They’ve got Sky there.”
“You go,” Carlos said, walking away. “I’ll see you later.”
“Carlos, we’re not going on a couple’s holiday and doing different things.”
“Come with me then.”
“No! Carlos, I’m cold. And you can’t leave me to wander around a strange city on my own.”
She looked like she might start screaming. Carlos put his camera down and went with her to the hotel room. He didn’t know what else to do. He didn’t want to fight. She lay down on the bed, drew the curtains and put the television on. He went into the bathroom, locked the door and looked at his reflection in the mirror. Then he started crying. He put his hands over his face to stifle the noise. Then he slid down the wall, onto the beday, and cried and cried and cried.
“Am I ok for you?” Lauren asked him from the sofa.
“Yes, of course you are.” 
She always asked this. He didn’t know what she meant, he just knew he had to answer positively. She patted the seat next to her.
“Come and sit with me.”
He sat. She put an arm around him and he suppressed a shiver.
“You’re sure I’m ok for you?”
“Yes.”
As if he’d sit there and say no. She expected to hear the yes and it was such a lie. He braced himself whilst she kissed his cheek. He felt sick again. She repulsed him like hot sick. He didn’t want to touch her.
“I think we should move in together,” she said. “Do you want to?” 
Carlos nodded.
“Go on then.” 
“Do you want to, Carlos?” she said again.
He thought.
“We have been together three years,” he said. “I suppose it would be the next step.” 
“But do you want to?” She sat up. 
“It would be financially more rewarding for both of us,” he said. “Plus, the cheapest houses are on the side of town by my work, so we’d save money on petrol.” 
“But do you want to Carlos?” she repeated.
He gritted his teeth. 
“I want to save money.” 
“But do you want to live with me?” She looked at him. “Because I can imagine a terrorist offering you the same deal and you agreeing. I want to know that you’re doing this for us,” she touched her chest, “not just because it’s the rational, reasonable thing to do.” 
“I only ever do anything because it’s the rational, reasonable thing to do,” he said. 
“So you only think about yourself?” She stood up and stalked into the kitchen. “What about me, Carlos? What about us?” She turned. “Just forget it. I thought it could have been nice, having a little house, a little garden, somewhere for Bo to run around in.” She sighed.
“How is Bo? I haven’t heard you say anything about him in weeks.”
“He’s dead.”
“Dead?” She turned. She looked mortified. “Dead? Oh Carlos!” She held her face in both of her hands. “When? Is that what you wanted to tell me?”
“About six months ago.”
“Six months?” She dropped her hands and frowned. “Your dog’s been dead for six months? Why didn’t you tell me?”
He shrugged.
“It wasn’t your problem,” he said.
“Carlos,” she said. “No need to try and be such a man about it. If you want to be with me, you’ll have to be more emotional, more individual in the future. It doesn’t matter what people think, you know? You don’t need to be the silent, masculine type.” She tutted and rolled her eyes, “Men,” she said. 
Carlos picked up a pebble and rolled it along the fence. When he had walked down the dark corridor into his grandma’s kitchen, he had heard those same words.
“It wasn’t your problem.”
It wasn’t himself that had spoken them though, or even his grandma or grandfather or Haz. It had been Tom. Carlos stood in the doorway and looked into the kitchen. His mother pushed passed him and set a cake down on the table. The kitchen was high ceilinged and decorated in 1970’s brown tiles. There was one window that looked onto the side of the neighbour’s house and let no sun in, so the light overhead was constantly on. Bing leant by the sink, his arms folded, Haz sat down on a chair and put his feet on the table, watching his grandfather who, arms propped on the stick, was talking to Tom. Tom was leaning in a chair by the wall, just feet from Carlos. He had a loose fitting white linen shirt on and a pair of old trousers that were held up by a thick belt. His face was unshaven and his hair stuck out from his head. He looked so thin, tanned, almost black, but so unbelievably thin. He was rolling a foreign coin along the table with one long index finger, the country of origin unknown to Carlos. He cleared his throat and sidled into the kitchen but no one looked at him.
“We’re family,” his grandfather said. “It is our problem.”
“I had to go and fight for my African brothers,” Tom said and took the coin off the table. “I had to defend my homeland and my heritage.”
“What rubbish!” Haz said and laughed. He looked at Tom. “Eh, Tom, who ties your laces for you out there?”
“Be quiet Haz,” their grandfather said and flicked his shins with his walking stick. “Get your feet off the table. Go and stand somewhere else.”
Haz scoffed and slowly got up. He made a big show of tucking the chair in, then he keeled forward and pretended to be sick all over the table. Tom didn’t even look at him. He put the coin in his pocket and watched his grandfather. Haz pulled a face at Tom and then Bing pulled him away.
“This is also your home,” his grandfather said. “England. You have family here.”
“Spain is my home, Egypt is my home,” Tom said. “I am a son of many countries, which don’t require me to fight for them. I can’t just sit happy in England.” He moved his legs and Carlos saw he had huge black boots on, with thick leather buckles across the ankles. “I can’t just forget my heritage, my responsibility to the countries which birthed me and which do require my help. I am no one if I do that. I might as well have no heritage if that is my end. If I fight for my homeland, my people, I am honouring my blood, I am someone. You can’t understand, Grandfather. You’ve only ever been here.”
He stood up with those words and left the kitchen. He didn’t look at Carlos as he passed, his head was held too high. Carlos watched him down the dark hall and then heard his tread on the stairs.
“Uh.” Haz made a noise. “What a twat, you know.”
“Don’t speak about your brother like that,” their grandfather said.
“Have you seen him?” Haz said incredulously.
Their grandma came in the room, shaking her head.
“I can’t bear to hear it,” she said and sat down in Tom’s vacated chair. “Oh my Lord. Carlos Benito would turn in his grave if he saw the family disrespected so.”
She took a slice of cake.
“Carlos, you go and speak to him,” his mother said. “You were always so close, try and make him listen.”
“To what?” Carlos said. “What are you trying to tell him? That he can’t go to Africa anymore?”
“No, heavens,” his mother said. “He must be able to express himself.”
“Then what do you want him to do?” Carlos said and looked to his Grandma who had cake crumbs round her mouth. “What do you want him to listen to? He’s here isn’t he? He came back to see us, what more do you want?”
“For him to be a part of this family,” Haz said.
“Quiet, Haz,” his grandfather said and waved his walking stick at him. Haz leapt backwards. “Carlos,” he looked at Carlos, “you’re right. We can say nothing to him. But go up and see him anyway.”
“I don’t know,” Carlos said and looked down. He tugged at his cuff. “I don’t really know him anymore. I wouldn’t know what to speak to him about.”
“Make him feel welcome in the family. Let him know that, wherever he goes, however far he travels, no matter what he does, this will always be his home.” His grandfather tapped the kitchen floor with his stick. “Not England, this house, us.”
Carlos looked up. He nodded. He turned and moved slowly along the hallway to the bottom of the stairs. He looked up them. They were dark. The carpet was worn on the middle of each step where people had been up and down it so many times. He grasped the banister in his hands and started to climb.
As kids, he, Haz, Bing and Tom had all had rooms at his grandparents’ house. Bing and Haz shared, Carlos had the annex and Tom had the small, cupboard like room beside the bathroom. Carlos hadn’t been in those rooms in years. He stood at the top of the stairs and looked into Tom’s. It looked so foreign. It used to be so familiar; he and Tom would sit on the bed in shorts and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle t-shirts, reading books and drawing, launching paper planes from the window and pretending they could fly. Now it looked so strange, so unwelcoming, like he wasn’t allowed in there. He stepped into the doorway. The bed was perfectly made, without a wrinkle in the sheet. Carlos wondered if Tom even slept in beds anymore. Did he just curl up on the ground? Did he use a hammock or sleeping bag or create a bed out of heather and old grass?
Tom was at the window, his hands behind his back, looking out across the garden. Carlos cleared his throat but Tom didn’t move. Carlos smiled.
“Remember when we threw paper aeroplanes out of that window?” he said.
He waited for a reply. Tom turned away from the window and looked at him. He sat in the chair and put his huge boots on the desk again. The soles were worn away, scuffed and falling apart. He clasped his hands on his stomach and smiled.
“Yes I do,” he said. “Remember our flying machine on the roof?”
“I do.” Carlos started to relax. He came into the room. “I mean that was, that was-”
“We were so stupid,” Tom said.
“Yeah.” Carlos nodded, slightly detached. “Yeah, Tom, I guess we were.”
“It’s Atem now, remember.”
“Sorry, T- Atem.” He smiled. “All these years and I never once called you by your real name.”
“Well, you should have done,” Tom said. “Everyone should have done. Not your fault,” he added. “My parents should have enforced it. Why honour a son with such a name and then refuse to call him by it?”
“Yeah.” Carlos nodded. He swallowed. “Yeah, exactly.”
The warmth in the room had gone. Carlos felt on edge again. His back was sweating. He cleared his throat.
“I remember you said you always wanted to go to Tunisia,” Tom said. “Have you been yet?”
“No.”
“I didn’t think so. I meant to send this whilst I was out there but I never got round to it.” Tom sat up in his chair and pulled something out of his back pocket. It was a postcard, folded over and worn along the crease but otherwise perfect. Carlos’ heart lifted when he saw it.
“There you go.” Tom handed it to him. “At least you have it now.”
Carlos unfolded it. The front showed a picture of some street in Tunisia. The ground was palomino, the sky was a beautiful blue. He smiled and turned it over. There was nothing written in the message part, but Carlos hadn’t expected there to be, and it was addressed to Carlos Wilson, with his new house address neatly and smartly copied out in Tom’s most perfect hand. Carlos looked at the card for a few more minutes. The happiness he had felt at receiving it was slowly ebbing away. He felt a crushing despair in his chest. His hands felt weak. Carlos Wilson. After all these years, he’d just written Carlos Wilson. 
Carlos hadn’t taken his eyes off the card. His sweaty thumb was smudging the ink. His chest felt tight. Carlos Wilson, after he had been humiliated into calling him Atem. It was like a bullet to the heart. Or was Tom trying to goad him? He glanced at Tom, who was using the foreign coin to get the dirt from under his nails. Was this all a test to see if he was strong enough to fight, to join his band of revolutionaries? Was Tom pushing him to some sort of outburst, to assess whether he had nerve, or to simply assert in his mind that Carlos Rafael Wilson had never had nerve, that he had never been strong, that he was always weak and would never defend his honour?
“Thanks,” Carlos said and put the postcard in his pocket. “That’s nice, thank you.” He cleared his throat. He wanted to leave now, he wanted to go home. An afternoon with Lauren was better than this. “How was Tunisia? Did you make many friends out there?”
Tom looked up, the coin paused in his hands.
“I collect memories now, Carlos,” he said. “Not friends.”


Chapter Fifteen:

Carlos stood up and walked along the edge of the allotment. The road was silent. Michelangelo was lying on the bonnet of one of the cars, his shirt wrapped round his head, his pale, skinny body bared to the sun. Carlos leant on the fence and folded his arms. He felt bored. Not just with the day but in his mind. It was a relatively new feeling. For years, he’d never been bored because he’d always had some obsession to go over, to savour, to test facts on himself, to discover new things, to test the limits of his knowledge and dedication to whatever was the topic of the month. Now he no longer had obsessions, he couldn’t do that. He tried to remember which Sherlock Holmes story Dr. Watson had been referred to as James and in which ones he’d been referred to as John. He couldn’t conjure the names of the titles. He used to be able to reel them off in a click of fingers. Now, his mind was blank. Was Dr. Watson ever even referred to as anything but Dr. Watson? Had Carlos just made John and James up?
He walked along the allotment to Michelangelo. He’d gone off obsessions because he felt them eating away at the soft matter of his mind. The hot part of an obsession was so intense and all consuming that when the discovery came that your hero was flawed or inaccessible, which always happened, the sudden change was so unbearable, it gave him headaches and he imagined parts of his brain dying off and falling to the floor of his skull like dried leaves. He sat on the bonnet beside Michelangelo. And the cooler part, the love and respect you felt for an idea or person, that you carried with you every day until you died, was so subtle, you rarely even knew it was there. He was better on his own, an independent unit. He couldn’t hurt or be hurt that way.
“How you doing?” Michelangelo asked without sitting up.
“Ok.” Carlos tapped the bonnet. “We have to get the RAC out for this car next week.”
“How come?”
“Something wrong with the engine,” Carlos said. “I put it in the diary. I’ll have to check he made the call.”
Michelangelo sat up.
“Is that who we had out the other day? When we were stuck on the side of the motorway?”
“AA,” Carlos said.
“AA.” Michelangelo lay back down. “That was it. That’s been bothering me for a while.”
Carlos had spoken to the AA man.
“We can get it fixed,” the man replied. “Sure. Probably take about half an hour. You alright to wait?”
“No,” Carlos said. “I have to be at work. Could you bring it by when you’re done?”
“Sure,” the AA man said. “Give us the address and we’ll drop it back to you in two ticks. It’s a good car this.” He tapped the bonnet. “Vintage. Must have cost a bomb. Where did you find it?”
“Second hand car allotment,” Carlos said and handed over the address. “See you there.”
“Sure, thanks. Hey, are you going to be alright walking down the motorway? It’s illegal you know.”
“It’s only five minutes and then I can use the footpath into the town,” Carlos said. He waved. “See you.”
He started walking down the hard shoulder, passed the lines of heat filled, traffic logged cars, his legs gliding effortlessly through the plumes of exhaust that were pumping into the air. Michelangelo rode a scooter beside him.
“That’s it?” he said. “You’re not going to Wales?”
“No. The universe clearly doesn’t want me to go.”
“Who cares about the universe?” Michelangelo jumped over a can and an old paper bag lying by the side of the road. The paper bag had a picture of the coliseum on it. “I thought you weren’t supposed to believe in Divine Providence. You make of this what you want. Remember, a good leader always adapts to the situation. Fortune doesn’t govern all of man.”
Carlos looked at him and shook his head.
“You,” he said, “do you have to listen to everything I say?”
They walked on in silence. Carlos saw the footpath sign loom up ahead. If he took that, he’d cut through the woods, through the housing estate and then he’d be about a mile from the allotment. He’d be there by twelve, he’d tell his manager he went to the doctor’s and was fine, just fine. Fine to work. He stopped. The footpath was littered with rubbish, old weeds, thick brambles and items of clothes. He saw magazine pages torn, strewn out over the foliage, pictures of cars and motorbikes, a red Lamborghini. There was no wind to flutter them. The heat was making the ink run and turning the paper into sodden lumps of colour which would start to decompose under the sun.
Carlos turned. He couldn’t see the AA man anymore. He looked at Michelangelo, who was begging from the stationary cars. He started running. Every contact his foot made with the ground gave him added bounce until he was bounding over the tarmac. He smiled. He held out his arms and shut his eyes. All his life he’d felt this energy but never understood it. The way the world felt electric, the way the air seemed alive, the power that force channelled into him, giving him unknown strength, pumping energy into his screaming muscles, infusing him with power and light and life and a weightless bounce, a thrust in every step, in every heart beat until he couldn’t believe he wasn’t soaring up, up, up, above everything, through the clouds, on and on, every molecule and fibre of his body being replaced with pure life until he was no longer material or matter but something lose and free and flying in the air above everything else, pure energy, pure power, no boundaries or limitations just a simple unity with everything that there ever was. And then he’d stopped because he was running out of steam. He was hot and sweaty and panting and standing on the edge of some huge cliff and he knew if he’d taken just one more step, he’d have been flying.
“Excuse me,” Carlos said and stopped by the AA man. “Actually, I need the car. I need to drive it.”
“Sure,” the AA man said. “Which way are you going?”
“Back into this lot,” Carlos said and pointed at the stream of traffic.
“No worries,” the AA man said. “We’ll tow you up the hard shoulder and drop you off at the front, if you want.”
“Can you do that?”
“Course we can,” the AA man shut the bonnet. “We’re the AA.”
“Good call,” Michelangelo said an hour later as they cruised down the open motorway in the fixed car. “It looks like the universe does want you to go.”
“Who cares about the universe?” Carlos said.
They crossed the Welsh border just after lunch time. Carlos pulled over in a layby so Michelangelo could use the toilet. He checked the address of the rented property. It was another few hours away. They kept driving.
“What are you going to do when we get there?” Michelangelo asked.
“See if it’s Gary Sullivan.”
“And if it’s not?”
“Come home.”
“And if it is?”
“Just,” Carlos shrugged, “just ask him I guess. Why did he sell it for so cheap.”
“What if he thinks you’re a stalker?”
“I’ll wear a hat and say I’m a journalist just interested in the story.”
By the time they reached the area that the house was located in, it was getting dark. Carlos pulled over by a Holiday Inn and they booked a room. It wasn’t very busy that night. They sat in the bar and looked about. Carlos had bought a cheesecake from a local supermarket and picked through it with a wooden chip fork. It wasn’t very nice. He’d left it in the car.
“No Gerry Turner here,” Michelangelo said, looking about him.
“No, I hope he’s ok. I hope we didn’t get him into too much trouble.”
“He’s fine, Gerry’s a survivor. Have you been practicing flying?” Michelangelo asked. “I have. I’ve nearly mastered it.”
“You’re dead.”
“So?
“So it’ll come easier to you.”
“How do you work that one out?”
The waitress passed their table and looked down at them. Carlos smiled at her and she moved on.
“She thinks you’re talking to yourself.”
“Shut up.”
“And again.”
Next morning, they woke up early and kept driving. The property was miles from any town or neighbouring house, situated up on the craggy moors, an isolated little building in the middle of nowhere. Carlos pulled up at the bottom of the hill and they both looked up at it.
“That it?” Michelangelo said. “Jeez, why would anyone want to live there? I mean it’s not even a mansion or trendy flat, is it? It looks like a council house from the seventies.”
There was a truck parked out the front, the bonnet and windows splattered with mud and the bumper torn off the back. One the back window, peeling and faded in the sun, Raphael, the turtle with the red bandanna, was standing, holding his nunchucks and looking menacing. Beside that was s ticker saying ‘support your local fire station.’
“New car?” Michelangelo said as Carlos got out. “Are you walking up there?”
“I don’t want him to hear the engine.”
“I thought you were knocking?”
“Not straight away. I want to have a little look about.”
They walked through the long grasses. It was damp and their trousers and shoes became soaked in minutes. Overhead, the sun was just gaining prominence in the sky and the dew started to evaporate in the morning heat, turning the ground around their feet misty and thick. Carlos wiped his forehead. It was humid.
They skirted around the truck. Carlos tried to look in through the front window of the house but the curtain was drawn. He walked along the porch.
“Hey,” Michelangelo whispered and waved at him, “the door’s open.”
“What?” Carlos hissed back.
He went and had a look. Michelangelo tapped the door with his thumb and it slowly swung open. Carlos knew at once that something was wrong, very wrong, with this place.
“The lock’s been busted open,” Michelangelo said and touched the door frame. “Hey, Carlos, you going in? I mean, this isn’t anything to do with us.”
Carlos shook his head and looked down the dark hall. Everything was silent.
“Let’s just have a look,” he whispered.
Michelangelo nodded and they stepped inside.
The house smelt like oil, or something hot and heavy used for machines. There were photos hung on the wall but the glass had been smashed and their frames were broken, as though something had come charging down the hallway.
“Right after smashing the door open,” Michelangelo said. “Have your wits about you, Carlos.”
The hall led them into a bright kitchen. Crockery and more glass were smashed on the floor. Carlos’ trainers crunched over it as he looked about. Papers were strewn everywhere. There was a lopsided wooden sign above the sink opposite which read ‘Always the sunnyside at Sunnyside’.
“Uh oh Carlos,” Michelangelo said. “They’re still here.”
He pointed out of the window. Two men were in the garden. One was lying down on the grass, his hands over his head. The other was standing above him. As they watched, he kicked the man on the grass and stamped viciously on his head and then his ribs. Then he strode out of sight for a few seconds and when he remerged, he had an axe.  
“That’s our Gary,” Michelangelo said and pointed to the man cowering on the grass. “He looks like he’s in it over his head. What do we do, Carlos?”
Carlos folded his arms. He was going to get in trouble if he intervened, probably injured, a lost arm or leg and he didn’t need that.
“Plus police questions,” Michelangelo said. “If they find out he sold you that car for cheap, the questions’ll start piling up against you. You might be put away.”
Carlos nodded and stepped backwards.
“Gary is clearly up to something naughty,” he said. “And it’s nothing to do with me.”
He put his hands in his pockets. It wasn’t his place to get involved. This looked like murder and that was serious stuff. He wasn’t in the playground anymore. The man raised the axe. Carlos launched himself out of the kitchen door and collided with the man’s back. He fell over Gary and landed face down in the garden. Before he could roll over, Carlos yanked the axe off him. With once vicious jerk, he slammed the handle into the man’s face and the man fell back without a sound.
Carlos turned back to Gary; his face was bruised and bloody and his eyes were shut.
“Hey,” Carlos said and knelt down beside him. “You ok?”
“Thanks, man,” Gary said. He opened his eyes. “Where did you come from? Are you the police?”
“No, I was just walking my dog when I heard a noise.” Carlos held out his hand. “Come on.”
Gary took his hand and Carlos pulled him to his feet. Blood fell from Gary’s face, onto his shirt and into the flattened grass. 
“We don’t have long,” Gary said and wiped his nose on his sleeve. His voice sounded muffled, like he had a cold. “There’s two more guys around here somewhere.”
“Are you sure?” Carlos looked about. “I checked the house, it’s empty.”
“Two more guys came with him in the truck,” Gary said firmly. He spat a bloody gob out onto the floor. “I know, I saw. I know these guys. We need to get out of here.”
He hobbled forward and Carlos followed. They went back through the house.
“Come with me in their truck,” Gary said. “We’ll ditch it in the town and they’ll never trace us.”
“No, you’re alright,” Carlos said. “I’ll leave the same way I came.”
“Your dog?”
“Car.”
“Suit yourself but I’d be quick about it.” Gary shrugged and went through the front door. “I can smell white spirit. They’re planning on sending the house up.”
Carlos stood on the porch and watched as Gary climbed into the truck. He was looking about for Michelangelo when he heard a shout from behind him. He turned just as Gary roared the jeep into life. Two men were on the wall behind him, one holding a lighter, the other a bottle of clear liquid.
“Who the hell are you?” one shouted.
“He’s stealing our car!” the other man cried and pointed as Gary reversed it down the drive. “He’s stealing out car!”
They charged at Carlos. Carlos ducked the first and dodged the second. They went flying off the porch, then turned like angry lions and made another lunge for him. Carlos ran along the porch, leapt a deck chair and then vaulted the fence into the grass. Barely a second had passed when the house exploded. He was lifted off his feet and hurled through the air. He shut his eyes and held out his arms. It was just like flying. His lungs felt twice the size. He smiled.
They he careered back into the grass and gouged out a chunk of earth with his hands. He staggered.
“In the car, Carlos!” Michelangelo shouted from further down the moor. “Police!”
He pointed up the highway; blue flashing lights were making their way along the winding road. Carlos stood up. He ran. He leapt the last little hill and landed by the car.
“Go, go, go!” Michelangelo shouted as something in the house exploded again.
Carlos turned the engine on, checked his mirrors, and then pulled out onto the highway. His hands were throbbing. There was earth in his hair and dirt under his fingernails. Michelangelo laughed beside him and hammered the dashboard with his feet. After a few minutes, they caught up with Gary in his truck. Carlos accelerated to follow him and together, they joined the main road. In a few seconds, they lost sight of him amongst the traffic. Carlos fell back and sat at ease in his seat as two police patrol cars streaked passed, their sirens whirring. He looked at Michelangelo and smiled. Three hot air balloons were drifting in the sky above them, their brightly coloured skins vibrant in the midday sun. Carlos could see the detail in the baskets, the swinging ropes and, once or twice, the plume of fire that flared beneath the balloon. [To continue with this thread, please click here].
Carlos smiled to himself again and stood up from the allotment fence. He checked his nails; there was still some dirt there. He walked a few paces in the sunshine. He couldn’t believe it was still so hot, this late in the day. He went into the hut and poured a glass of water. It tasted out of date. Could water go out of date? He saw Evian bottles in the supermarket with Best Before dates on them but he couldn’t really believe that. He’d thought about buying two and trying one before the date and one after, to see if there was a difference, but he didn’t know if he could face himself in the mirror ever again once he’d gone out and actually bought a bottle of water.
He went outside the hut and then stood and surveyed the road. A blazing red fire engine shot passed in a blur of red and silver. He sipped the water again. No, it did taste funny. It was probably the taps to the hut, filled with lime scale and rot and dead rat babies. Holding onto the glass, he pulled his arm back and then threw the water into the air. He watched as it spiralled out like visible light, curling in on itself, surrounded by separating droplets that shimmered in the sun. Then it splashed all over the stones and concrete. A good bit landed on the chalk outline he’d drawn of Michelangelo. It washed bits of the chalk away so the figure was no longer complete and the man flowed out onto the surrounding gravel like water.
 Carlos tugged his collar to generate some breeze around his neck and then heard a deep engine on the road. He turned. A red Lamborghini cruised into sight. It indicated and pulled into the allotment. Carlos stood back and watched as the driver’s door opened. A pale man got out. His shadowed eyes were darting and there was sweat on his upper lip.
“Hey, man,” he said, one leg still in the foot well, “you buy second hand cars right?”
“Right.”
“What will you give me for this?” he said. “I’ll take anything. I need to sell it today.”
Carlos looked at Michelangelo. 

http://h2kyhd.tumblr.com/
Footnotes:
Added here because Smashwords can’t format them if they’re at the bottom of the page.

[1] It’s one of those books.

[2] This is to show how Carlos views materialism

[3] What music plays to your montages?

[4] Do you have a partner?

[5] It’s supposed to be postmodern.

[6] Now that you’re ten pages in, I’m going to use the footnotes thing less and less because, hopefully, you’re committed.

[7] Do you love them?


