BECOMING MRS ZENDAHL

By Lara Song


| Copyright 2014 Lara Song All Rights Reserved
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition License Notes. This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the author. The only exception is by a reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a review.

Table of Contents


Prologue 
Chapter 1 
Chapter 2 
Chapter 3 
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7 
Chapter 8 
Chapter 9 
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Prologue



April 1998

The dread in the pit of my stomach is almost enough to make me turn back around. Everyone says things happen for a reason. They also say to fight for what you believe in. I’ve never been much of a fighter. It’s not that I don’t like conflict. I prefer peace and quiet. My name should have been Serenity. I’ve spent all seventeen years of my life in the same town. Cedar Creek, Maryland is about thirty minutes west of the Atlantic Ocean and two hours from any major city. I’ve grown up with all of my class mates, our parents were in preschool together. Most of our grandparents are married to each other’s best friends. It’s the epitome of everybody knows everybody. You would think with over seven generations of breeding we would be pretty populated. The calm, steady breezes and lazily flowing creek in our backyards aren’t enough to entice outsiders to set down roots and join our lowly but loving existence. Our population, barely shy of four-thousand, manages to keep level by allowing two of our long term residents to expire and two of our school mates to relocate for every four babies born. We don’t plan it. At least the town council swears we don’t, but sometimes I wonder if there’s an application process.
My high school was brand new the year my father graduated. One would think it would have fared better with an average of three hundred students a year. The gloomy blue graffiti covered walls and off brand tennis shoe scuffed floors give testament to generations of boredom. We suffer from lack of incentive. We rebel in hopes of creating something not yet discovered. Five steps ahead of me is the office door. The shiny oak gleams with a sense of hope. The rectangular metal patterned window has me second guessing. We are all prisoners here, at least until two forty in the afternoon, five days a week for another six weeks; seventy-five or so of us, if we are lucky. I chant the same motto I have for the last three months, If there’s a will, there’s a way, silently, as I approach the door and turn the cold steel knob as far right as it will give to allow for entry, pulling it towards me and stepping through before I can turn back. Dread takes over two-fold. Maybe it would be better if I just let it go. I fear being told no. It’s the same story I’ve heard for the last three years.
The office lady, Mrs. Martin, glances up slightly startled by my abrupt entry. The click of the door latch finalizes my presence. I’m sure I’m the first student she’s seen since two perpetually late repeat juniors arrived during second period. Lunch isn’t for another hour and no one has the guts enough to try to fake an illness before then. People in our town believe food can cure everything, especially the “I don’t wanna be here bug.” 
Mrs. Martin has warm, kind eyes and the softest looking brown hair. She’s not as old as the other grandmother hens around here. They taught my parents, whereas Mrs. Martin was only a couple years older than my dad. I’m pretty sure she had a crush on him back in the day because she always asks how he’s doing and gets that weird look on her face like she just took a bite of an angel cream donut. I’ve never watched myself eat one in the mirror, but I know.  Since she always asks about my dad, I’m pretty sure she doesn’t talk to him. It still makes me nervous. I’m afraid someone will let it slip what my intentions are after graduation. With a quick smile, I ask her if Mrs. Elliott is available. 
“Of course, she’s waiting for you, just go on back.” She gives me a sly, secret smile. Almost like she knows something I don’t. Was that her attempt at reassurance? It leaves me unsettled. 
Mrs. Elliott’s office is located between the office door and the cafeteria door, only accessible through the office even though there are entrances from both ends. She keeps the access door from the main corridor outside the cafeteria locked. It has one of those metal patterned rectangular glass windows as well. I often wonder why she doesn’t allow students to have direct access to her. The fact that I could be overseen visiting her office makes me more uncomfortable, even though her actual office door is solid oak. Especially considering it would be either one of the lowlifes skipping class or one of the kiss ups doing a special errand for a teacher. 
I can see from the doorway dividing the office from the guidance hall that Mrs. Elliott’s door is closed. I expected nothing less and am grateful for the five second reprieve it takes me to get to her door. A deep breath and three quick knocks later, she opens the door looking a hot, neurotic mess. I guess end of the year stress isn’t limited to students. She invites me in and offers me a seat on the cold hard metal folding chair.
Taking a seat on the oversized leather office chair, probably intended for a tall man like our principal, she clears her throat twice, removes her rose trimmed glasses, rubs her timeworn face and glances down at my file, open on her sturdy dark cherry desk. On a long exhale she finally makes eye contact. With her glasses still held casually in her right hand, she looks at me like she doesn’t even know me. I should have just let bygones be bygones. 
“I’m sorry to say this, Laurel.” She doesn't look sorry at all. “But” she drags out with a determined grimace. I don’t see any way for you to go to college. Girls don’t get scholarships. I can’t see your family agreeing to pay. With their income, financial aid isn’t an option. Even though your grades are acceptable, colleges look at extra circular activities like sports and volunteering. I advise you to look closer to home for a future.” 
I know better than to argue. I give my dollar store shoes a good twenty second inspection before I gather the strength to leave with my dignity intact. I don't thank her. I don’t look at her again. I vacate my still cold metal chair, take the two required steps to the door and leave. Fully aware of the narrow rectangular window directly across from me, I leave the office and walk slowly back around the corner, toward the restrooms off the cafeteria. I wonder briefly if it was purely coincidental that I managed to avoid Mrs. Martin. 
I only need five minutes to compose myself. I have a plan b. This is not the end of my world. It is merely a decision I needed to make. I will marry Jack. He will give me the baby I’ve always wanted. And I will never regret my decision. 
 

Chapter 1



16 years later…
 
I love the mornings. Not the actual waking up part, but the quietness. I cherish the moments I have when I only have to be accountable for me. I prefer my thoughts over others. I hardly ever demand from myself. It’s just after six and the sun is in the midst of waking up. I love convincing myself, if only momentarily, that I am the only person in the world. It’s easier to do in the absence of light, but nothing beats the glorious sounds of meddled chirping. I’ve often wondered how sparrows and finches know when to rise.  I’ve heard some people swear they could glimpse the beginnings of dawn. It seemed like a logical idea; until I had the honor of bearing witness to the first calls of these magnificent creatures. They awake, on average, two hours before the first glimmer of dawn. 
With a cup of steaming coffee in hand, rich with milk and pure sugar, I let my eyes soak up the morning dew glistening in the sun’s soft rays. The dew lasts longer in the spring, on days like today.  During summer months, blades of grass and delicate flower petals barely have enough time to realize they were allotted a tiny sip of moisture before the sun is chasing it away. April is my favorite month of all. The early mornings are cool. You can feel the warm up process, enjoy the sun at its fullest peak, and yearn for it again only hours later. Simple things teach you to appreciate the small wonders in life. Summer around here is a prison sentence. Even though you know it will end, every second is spent searching for relief. 
These moments in time are the only things that keep me going anymore. I remember the days when I could drink my coffee and iron, or make breakfast, or change diapers at the same time. That was before I realized how precious my time and sanity were. I notice the dust buildup along the window tracks. There's a spider living in the top right hand corner, between the pane and the sash. The cream colored valance, patterned with green and red delicious apples, needs to be washed. None of that takes away from the beauty of the yawning purple irises or the slender yellow daffodils, purposefully and painfully planted as tribute to my grandmother. We planted a weeping willow in the backyard about seven years ago, a sapling taken directly from her yard, shortly after she died. When the sun gets warm enough, usually around eleven on days like today, their sweet fragrance will permeate the screened in back porch. If I sprawl out on my favorite lounger and the breeze is tinkling the wind chimes, I can close my eyes and pretend I’m still a kid at grandma’s house, if only for a moment. 
The water shutting off from the shower on the second floor above me snaps me into my role as wife. My husband, Jack, is working the seven to three shift this morning. He joined the Cedar Creek police force right after we graduated high school, turning down four offers for a full basketball scholarship. He never enjoyed learning the way I did, admitting many times he only went to high school to play ball with his friends. His only dream in life was to become a cop like his dad. 
Grabbing three eggs from the carton on the counter, I carefully crack them open in the warmed skillet before pulling the bacon out of the oven. His fresh squeezed orange juice is already on the table. Whole wheat toast sits hovering in the toaster, ready and waiting for my command. I don’t usually allow my loved ones to eat fat saturated foods for breakfast, but Mondays are special. It’s the day I absolutely loath with my entire being. It used to be Sundays until the kids could contribute to household chores. In addition to loving early mornings, I also love late nights. The peace and quiet is addictive. Getting out of bed is the conundrum with the cool sheets, warm blankets and a pillow that is never comfortable except when the alarm goes off. 
I flip the eggs over easy to allow that last thirty seconds of perfection without ruining the yoke, hit the toaster lever, grab a mug from the wooden tree next to the pot, fill it with simple black coffee, place it on the table next to his juice, plate the eggs, add four strips of crispy bacon, butter the toast, and set his plate on the table in the breakfast nook as Jack hits the last step and enters the room. It’s the same routine every morning, at least the ones he has to work at seven.
He takes the mandatory over exaggerated inhale and lets out an eager moan of pleasure letting me know he appreciates the smell of bacon. I wouldn’t expect anything different from a man. Regardless of the mood in the room, his attitude in general, his reluctance to begin the day, a man will always appreciate the smell of bacon. Kids are the same and so, on Monday’s, I always make bacon. Sadly, this same principle doesn’t seem to apply to women. I couldn’t tell you at what age it stops working on females, yet. I doubt it would improve either of my daughter’s Monday morning moods if I informed them they were a part of a study regarding the effects of food odors on attitude by age and gender.   
My perfectly timed delivery is not a coincidence. After fifteen years, I know my husband’s thoughts and actions before he does. I know, without turning my back from the kitchen window, that he’s finished his bacon, there are exactly one and a half eggs left, his toast and a full glass of orange juice. I pretend to ignore him. I can feel his cold gaze hitting my back after he methodically clears each item I prepared for his breakfast. Bacon. Gaze. Eggs. Gaze. Orange juice. Gaze. Toast. Gaze. Coffee. Gaze. It’s never more than a second. 
I know he’s leering at my tattered baby pink robe. It’s the only thing I took with me when I left home. I didn’t trust myself to keep my childhood keepsakes safe. The plush terrycloth used to make me feel safe, warm, protected. Over the past few years, the holes got bigger. They started letting more and more of the coldness through. I can tell by how long he stares that he knows I can feel it. He likes the reaction; not enough to wait for me to turn around and catch him. In the beginning, it was just glances. Almost like he was checking to make sure I was there, that I was all right. 
I stare out the window, ignoring him and myself, but still catching a faint glimpse in the window. Our kitchen faces west, catching scraps of first morning light. The roof slants a low dip providing shelter from harsh rains. The play of light creates a perfect shadow and my reflection is almost visible. I try not to stare, but my eyes and mind would rather play tricks. Not tricks, not deception, but trying to force me to see what I stopped looking at years ago. Barely a glimpse, definitely not a clear picture, but it’s there: my bedraggled hair and sullen eyes; like I would rather be anywhere else but here. 
The scraping of his chair on the polished, hardwood floors doesn’t make me jump. I quickly divert my eyes, saving that potential insight for another day, as he approaches me from behind with his plate, fork and juice glass.  His coffee cup is still on the table. If I asked, he would claim he wanted a refill. I wouldn’t ask and he doesn’t have enough time. In his mind, he always has time. I can’t turn around and look at him. I learned a long time ago it isn’t worth the pain.  I don’t look for his reflection in the window. I don’t need to. The sun would only highlight his every perfect feature and I fear, lined up next to each other, I would no longer be able to put off the realization my mind is begging me to conclude. 
I am no match for him. I know this without having to analyze it. His mocha brown hair has the perfect wave to give him a permanently youthful appeal. His brown eyes are knowing, asking, needing; all of the things I cannot give him and refuse to admit. His cheekbones are almost enough to make me reconsider my decision not to have any more children. I once had dreams of giving him a son with his strong brow and perfect nose. Everything about his face is perfect; nothing could be classified as pretty or delicate. 
 I catch a whiff of his cologne as he sets his plate in the sink in front of me. I don’t move out of the way. I don’t react at all. It doesn’t matter. I force myself to ignore every single emotion he throws at me. His strong arms avoid me. He doesn’t kiss me goodbye. I close my eyes, imagining the crown of his head almost grazing the archway between the kitchen and dining room. I picture him straightening his light blue, short sleeved uniform short. It has natural creases down both sides from shoulder to shirttail. I never understood why. I only know I’m thankful the Cedar Creek police department picked up his laundry tab. It was the first time I chose to stand up for myself. And I won; I must remember I won at least one battle. 
I can hear the clanking of his utility belt. Handcuffs, mace, gun into their proper places. His night stick stays in his city issued patrol car. Our oldest daughter thought it was a toy once upon a time. It’s easier to remove things than try to explain, especially when you need it for work, she's two and you have a newborn to protect. The rest of his utility belt necessities are stored on top of the china cabinet in the dining room. I know he's standing in front of it, probably using the mirror backing to fluff his soft curls. One thing I assure you he's not doing is gazing longingly at our wedding china. 
As soon as I hear his car pull away, I'm up the stairs in top mom mode. My girls share a room and this is, by far, our biggest daily battle. A quick glance at the digital alarm clock on the night stand between their beds shows I'm right on schedule, with a minute to spare. Six thirty- five should have allowed them a few minutes with their dad before he had to leave for work. Unfortunately, he's always early and my girls share my love of comfort.
I tiptoe over to the night stand so I'm positioned within reach of them both, lightly resting each hand on my intended targets. With five nails embedded in goose down feather, the other five clutching memory foam, my offensive stance is complete in perfect time for the... Beep beep beep beep!
"Get up!" I yell over the incessant beeping. Lanie, my oldest at twelve, is doing her best to keep hold of her purple comforter as I struggle with all my might to get a better grip. Being the oldest, she has more experience with my games. She knows all my moves. 
Using my youngest daughter's pillow for added emphasis, "I said get up!" I say, enunciating every word.
"Momma stop! I swear, I'm getting up! You know Lanie's the one that's always dragging her tail out the door and tripping over her own face to get to the bus as it's pulling away," Ruthie cries as she struggles to silence the alarm, dropping it three times before she's successful .
At ten, Ruthie is already showing signs she's going to be the responsible one. She jumps out of bed, tripping over her sensibly chic baby pink rose embroidered quilt. It somehow managed to get wrapped around her body during the battle, mummifying her petite form. Her curly brown hair is everywhere even though it's well past the middle of her back. Her sweet brown eyes, nothing and everything like her fathers, penetrate that wall I kept so tightly built this morning. 
I avoid her gaze and focus back on Lanie. Her midnight black hair, normally in perfect harmony with gravity, is peeking out from under the pillow. She opted for a pixie cut last year when it became all the rage. With Ruthie's pillow still under my control, I whack her once, immediately using her startled surprise to confiscate her beloved blanket. 
"Momma! What the hell!" Screaming, she jumps off her bed and to her feet like this was a game of hot potato gone bad.
"Lanie!" My mom look is not having the desired effect. Her crystal blue eyes, so much like mine used to be, project the same expression right back. As Ruthie inches out of the room to get first dibs on the bathroom, Lanie contemplates how much further to push me. "You know how this works. You are old enough to wake up by yourself. I see you watching your sister. We are not doing this today." Without looking over my shoulder, I advise Ruthie to go ahead. Once I can tell she's gone by the look of defeat on Lanie's face, I continue on with my morning ritual of unkind advisement.
"You have five minutes to get dressed and get downstairs for breakfast. Not a second longer. After you eat, you can use the bathroom. Stay away from your sister. Please?" That last part was obviously sarcastic. I can tell she's up to no good by the excitement written all over her face.
"Why can't I just use your bathroom?" Was that seriously a wink? Game. Over. I don't even dignify her with a response. The same sarcastic grin that has been plastered to my face since I asked her "nicely" to cooperate remains as I retrace my path back to the kitchen where I obviously belong. 
I vowed never to play favorites with my girls. I knew from experience it would only fuel the fire of sibling rivalry. Having one girl a mirror image of me and the other of her father, I envied people who had kids who were nothing like either parent. 
Ruthie makes it downstairs first. No surprise there. She doesn't acknowledge the smell of bacon but her face lights up with excitement when I place her food in front of her. She eats silently and methodically until Lanie joins us, just as she's finishing her juice. 
"I don't understand why I can't just use your bathroom. I'm starting to think you're harvesting organs in your bathtub." She plops into her seat with an oomph and the rest of her thoughts are subdued as she tries to chow down as fast as her preteen jaws will allow. I choose not to comment. Ruthie joins me in silence. We both pretend the Granny Smith and Gaia salt and pepper shakers in the middle of the table are more interesting. We both know it's pointless to try to make Lanie see sense. Even at ten, she is well aware of the intricacies that involve living with a preteen. 
A glance at the Roman numeral clock on the wall above the breakfast nook tells me they have less than five minutes to catch the bus. The subtle tick tock of the golden hands mock the tension in the room. Ruthie's eyes catch mine and she quietly excuses herself, puts her dishes in the sink and runs off to get her shoes, jacket and backpack. Lanie takes that as an invitation to silently question my judgement. I feel like she's peering deep into my soul. I blink unintentionally, look at the clock and back at her. 
"Two minutes. If you miss the bus, you better keep walking."
She doesn't flinch, nor does she move. She can't make me squirm. She leaves without another word. I hear the front door close a minute later. The distinct sound of a diesel vehicle with grinding brakes comes seconds later. I wait five minutes until I vacate my spot at the kitchen table. 
 

Chapter 2



I can't tell you when things went wrong. I know it wasn't a particular moment in time. It wasn't even a specific year. I wish I could tell you there was a time when everything was perfect. That would be a lie. It began with the typical, quintessential girl meets boy. And that's where it ends. 
Like the rest of my class mates, we met the first day of preschool. Some of us met during story time, others we scoped out from across the room, and the rest had to wait for the formal meet and greet during recess. With seventy-five of us, we were broken into four groups with two in each classroom. By the end of the year, we knew everyone and their parents and brothers and sisters. 
Jack was in my group. I was born Laurel Whitby. He was Jack Zendahl. I used to call him Jackzen Dahl when he stole my crayons and replaced them with his brand new ones. He was always my hero, on and off the playground. He sat next to me for the better part of thirteen years. High school changed things. I excelled in AP classes and constantly sought a new challenge. Jack took the easy route, knowing he was destined for the police academy.
Having the house to myself all day is not as exciting as it seems. Between cleaning, gathering supplies for dinner, starting dinner, and cleaning up after I get the roast and fresh veggies in the oven, I'm hot, sweaty and creeping up on exhausted. On Friday, I stock and clean to prepare for the weekend. Monday is the reverse. All other days are chaos of varying degrees. 
Jack and the girls should arrive within minutes of each other in less than an hour. I savor it with a fifteen minute bath followed by a cup of coffee on the screened in porch. As I'm placing my generic blue mug in the sink, I hear the bus screech to a stop a block away. 
Taking a deep breath, I mentally walk my girl’s home from the bus stop two blocks away. The first house is Mr. Morgan's elaborate estate surrounded by an extravagant shrub maze. I snuck in once as a kid. In the middle, a mermaid fountain spits water into a bass fish mouth. 
The next house is a blue, three story Victorian, long ago converted into apartments. A small, out of place bungalow sits next to it, almost on the same lot. It reminds me of Hansel and Gretel. Only one house remaining between them and home. Old Mrs. Elliott, my high school guidance counselor. It would be unfair to refer to her as the owner. Nine years ago, her son and his wife bought the house. I don't know them. One day she appeared out of the blue. She recognized me. I turned away without a word.
"Momma, we're home!" Ruthie is always kind enough to tell me the pack of cheetahs running through the house belongs to me, just in case all the clocks stopped working. The door upstairs slams before she even makes it to the kitchen.
"How was school?" 
"Good. Shawn punched me on the playground and Lanie beat him up on the bus." She mentions this completely casually, like it happens every day. 
"Did you tell him your dad is a police officer and you could have him arrested?" It's common knowledge and it usually works.
"Yeah, but that's why he punched me so I figured repeating it wouldn't be wise." What?
"What???" Deep breath. "Ruthie, please start from the beginning. Wait, first, are you okay? Can I see?"
"Yeah, I couldn't breath for a few minutes and I felt like I was gonna throw up but I didn't want to let him think he scared me so I just sat on the swings until recess was over," she says, straight faced with no emotion while she loosens her shirt enough to show me a roundish purple bruise right above her belly button. Finger marks in the shape of a fist are clearly visible.
"Okay, please tell me what happened." I take her hand in mine and wait patiently while stealthily observing her petite little body for injuries.
"Shawn told Christopher that his dad could beat my dad." 
"Shawn's dad or Christopher's?"
"Shawn's. He said his dad is bigger and badder than my dad and his dad has more friends too." Her voice starts to shake a little and I can tell she's losing her resolve to remain neutral. My ferocious little girl is about to melt into a puddle at the thought of someone threatening her dad. 
I get up to make her a glass of chocolate milk and place it on the table in front of her. Sitting back down, I give her time to decide if she can finish without further prompting. The clock above our heads shows Jack's fifteen minutes late. 
"Christopher told me what he said. He said I have the best dad of any of us and nobody could beat him. That's what he told me and Shawn. Shawn got so mad he pushed Christopher and I tried to push Shawn away from him and he punched me in the stomach." I am so overwhelmed at this point I'm ready to start interrogating my baby girl like a criminal. Deep breath. Repeat. 
I try to keep my voice as gentle as possible while asking, "Were there any teachers around?" 
Her body freezes like she was caught in a secret. "Just Ms. Adams and Mr. Grier. They were only looking at each other like they usually do." 
I can't fault them for flirting. Our playgrounds are notoriously safe. The kids seem to have an almost incessant need to look out for each other. Which makes me ask... "Is Shawn new?"
"Yeah. He moved here just before Christmas. I've never seen his dad. Or his mom. I think it's his aunt that sometimes comes to the school. But he's not in my class so I'm not sure."
As much as I hate to ask, I know I have to get answers. "And his last name?"
I can tell she doesn't want to cause trouble. She looks at the clock and I know she knows. Another glance at those gold hands shows he's twenty-five minutes late. I think she realizes when he comes home, the real interrogation will begin.
"Upton."
"Would you prefer I tell him, you tell him, or we keep it between us for now?" The latter finally brings hope back into those warm brown eyes.
"Between us. Please, momma. I promise I will tell you if anything else happens." 
"Deal." 
-----@-----
"What do you know about Shawn Upton?"
It's just before bedtime now and, like I promised, I didn't say a word to Jack. He's at his parent’s house helping them set up a DVD player they bought yesterday. Ruthie is in the shower so I figure now would be the best time to talk to Lanie.
"Who?"
"The boy you beat up on the bus." 
"Oh. I don't know him. Ruthie's little friend she always sits with on the bus was talking about it. She kept asking her if she was okay. I reacted without thinking. It's no big deal." 
Her shoulders slump just enough to give away how embarrassed she is at being caught sticking up for her sister. As badly as I want to thank her, I'm torn between not making a big deal out of the whole situation and lecturing her on the importance of not using violence to solve violence. 
I opt to make myself more comfortable on her bed next to her. The white wicker headboard, a match to Ruthie's bed, creaks as it adjusts to both our weights. I'm honestly at a loss for how to approach this situation. We teach them it's never okay to hit but she was defending her little sister. Those two are about as compatible as Elmer's glue and toddlers. 
The longer I stay quiet the antsier she gets. I can tell she's going to cave any minute and start yelling at me to stop invading her space. This is normally the only time she gets alone in their room. 
"I may not agree with how you handled it, but I appreciate that you did. Let me know if you see him give her anymore problems."
Her expression is pure disbelief that she isn't grounded for a month. That isn't an option. If I punish her in any way she'll grumble to her dad in retaliation. 
"Uh, sure Momma." I barely hear her mumbled words, but it warms my heart to know she realizes she got lucky. 
"Night, babe." I kiss her forehead, repeat the process when Ruthie walks in as I'm walking out and head to my own room. 
I hear Jack enter and lock the front door as I close the girl's door. Directly across from me is his office. The door is always closed, as it's rarely used. Down the hall and to my left is our room. It takes up the entire back of the second story. To my right, the stairs lead to the living room that comprises the front of the house. I go left.
I don't worry about trying to be quiet. Our house is at least a century old. I envy the fine craftsmanship someone, more like many someone's, put into it. The original hardwood floors are at least an inch thick. The walls and roof have withstood lightening, hurricane force winds, heavy rain and snow, tornadoes, even a minor earthquake a few years back. I often wish I could become one with the house. So much has happened within these walls since it was constructed. 
We bought it a couple years after we married. Before that we lived in the apartment building down the street. Talk about a constant soap opera! Sometimes I wished I could go deaf so I wouldn't have to constantly bear witness to everyone else's most intimate secrets. From the outside, you would never guess it was that busy. The exterior walls keep it soundproofed from the rest of the town. 
We were lucky the previous owner of this house decided to move to Florida. It was a unique situation. Most homes are handed down generation to generation. The only way elderly people generally leave our town is... They don't. They're buried in Cedar Grove Cemetery in the middle of town next to the court house. 
Mrs. Jenkins was the exception to the rule. Her husband was the town drunk. He died of liver cancer and she spent eight days getting his and her affairs in order before vacating our little town as fast as she could. Her two sons left after high school and never looked back. They were a decade older than me but we all heard the stories. The escape stories are legends around here.
The television downstairs clicks on just as I silently close the bedroom door. He won't come to bed before I'm asleep. If I said that bothered me, it would be a lie. I like the freedom of a simplistic routine before bed. No fancy facial masks or deciding on skimpy nighties. Just a worn out t-shirt and ratty flannel pants, tattered on the bottoms because they're too long. My mother would be appalled. Thankfully, I don't have to count on her being the one to rescue me in the middle of the night if the house catches on fire. 
After a quick braid of my hair, I crawl into bed. The sheets are cool, and like every night, I roll around soaking up the stillness. My arms and feet want so badly to reject the chill. Reaching for the light fleece blanket, I wrap myself in comfort without the unwanted complications of snoring or sweating. I don't turn on the TV; we don't even have one in the bedroom. 
I don't drift off right away. I don't think about Jack. I don't think about the girls. I definitely don't think about the Upton's. I think about the creek that runs along our backyards. How it connects all of us. What would happen if we had a massive flood and all of us were washed out to the river? Houses and all. Would everyone in our town survive if nature relocated us somewhere else? Would they die of culture shock? How would they feel having to become members of someone else's community? With other people telling them how to live their lives? 
I don't think they would like it. The bigger question: how many of them would want to return? 
-----@-----
"Hey, Momma, can I go to Kristen's tonight?"
Of course Lanie is trying to wiggle out of family night, again. Why would I even expect a twelve year old to want to spend time with her parents? My over exaggerated sigh and eye roll lets her know the answer before it leaves my lips. 
"No, sweetheart. Nice try."
"But, why?" She demands. "It's not like Dad is even here?"
"He will be. He chose Weekend at Bernie's for tonight's movie and he's picking up toppings for the sundaes. He expects you to be here, too."
"It's not fair! I don't want to watch some stupid old movie. I'm not a kid anymore. You can't bribe me with ice cream to have fun."
"I'm not asking you to have fun. I'm not asking you to watch the movie. I'm telling you, you will stay home tonight."
Ah, the great joys of parenthood. I'm rearranging the living room furniture to set up for movie night. We like to go all out with pre-planning. Ice cream station, drinks on ice, old fashioned portable popcorn machine on wheels. The girls love arranging comfy sleeping spots using all the couch cushions and every pillow in the house. My favorite is the miniature chocolate fudge fountain that hardens when chilled. 
We've been doing this every Friday night Jack has off since Lanie was born. It encouraged us to sit still and enjoy just being together. The problem over the years has been getting us all together. 
Last time, Jack was offered overtime. I let Lanie leave that once since it was technically canceled. Ruthie and I had a quiet girl’s night in with Death Becomes Her. I've never seen her laugh so hard. 
We don't have a movie theater in town. Our only option is the local video store. Most of the new releases are rented out by Wednesday night to make sure customers have them for the weekend. Those are the people who don't mind paying late fees to get what they want. The rest of us must make do with what is left. Not that I'm complaining.
"Momma," Ruthie says, as she walks in with pillows covering half her body and every bit of her face, "why can't we just order a movie off the TV?"
"Because babe, Dad says it costs too much." What I don't tell her is her father sees more value in classic movies.
"But he buys his man shows." She's referring to basketball games and boxing matches no one else in the house enjoys but him.
"Yeah, I know, but he also pays the bill," I concede. The kid may be his little me, but she is no closer to understanding his love of sports than I am. I honestly thought it was all about his friends back in high school. At least, that's what he said. If he had any real love for it, I would have thought the logical thing to do would be playing it professionally. Just to clarify, it's only his butt taking up the entire living room when he settles down to watch. 
Ruthie finishes helping me spread out blankets and setting up what little toppings we have on hand. Our oval coffee table is suggesting a foot stool may be a better alternative. We love sundaes in this house. At the moment, our choices are gummy bears, cinnamon sprinkles, and hot fudge. I order the fudge online in bulk because it's not available at our local grocer. We're waiting for Jack to show up with Oreos, maraschino cherries, whip cream, caramel and rainbow sprinkles. 
"Ruthie, can you grab the bananas from the kitchen counter and the popcorn kernels and butter off the island?" I add a "please" just because.
She runs off to do my bidding, without complaint. I'm hesitant to start the popcorn or fudge too early or risk compromising the fresh factor. Returning with our supplies, she tosses them on the coffee table and plops down in her claimed spot. I hate to bother her, but it's getting late and I'm ready to start the movie. 
"Ruthie, honey, can you please tell your sister to come downstairs?" She's running up the stairs and back to her spot before I can finish filling the kernel bowl. "Thank you, love."
"No problem, Momma. Is Dad gonna be back soon?" Her excited bouncing is doing a number on her pillow bed. It's kind of hard to tell why it once used to be the best spot in the room. Besides being directly in front of the TV, she has the middle couch cushion propped up against the side of the couch for optimal lounging. The first rule of movie night is no sitting on the furniture. It's always funny to see who wakes up where and how. 
"Any minute now babe." He left three hours ago to run to the grocery store. Lanie comes down the steps wearing her full attitude. "Lanie, try to call your dad and see if he's on his way." 
"Yeah. Whatever."
The popcorn is done now. I'm surprised people aren't knocking on the door pleading starvation. I'm adding the butter and dishing it into bowls when Lanie comes back and plops down on the cushions on the opposite side of the room from her sister. This spot is formally known as no man's land. A more technical term is "worst seat in the house."
"Did he answer?"
"No."
"Did you leave a message?"
"What's the point? Either he's on his way or he's not coming."
"Smart ass," I mutter under my breath. She hears me. She's grinning ear to ear now. Mission accomplished, for the both of us.
"Lanie, help Ruthie find a movie on TV that you would both like to watch. Just in case. I'm gonna go grab everything else." Ruthie is ecstatic over this idea. I leave the girls to it and go to the kitchen for bowls and spoons, four, just in case, and a metal scooper. A quart of vanilla ice-cream and a bowl of hot water (to warm the scoop) complete my treasure hunt for one. I return with our supplies, looking the epitome of the overloaded balancing mom thing we do so well, to find them quietly whispering.
"What? What did you two do?" I'm hoping they didn't accidentally order something I will have a hard time explaining later. We have a passcode but kids are smarter than adults with technology.
"Nothing!" Ruthie states, vehemently. "We were trying to decide if we should ask you to watch a romance. Dad never lets us watch girlie movies." 
"Oh, geez. Which one?"
"The Notebook," they both say.
"Argh! Seriously?" Yes, I'm groaning and moaning. But of course I relent. Girls will be girls and at this rate, I will do anything to keep them smiling. The getting along part is a definite, heart warming bonus. Who needs sappy movies when you have real life kid moments?
We all fix our snacks and cuddle up to watch the most over watched movie in America. I didn't watch it. This time, I was thinking about Jack. And I thought about where he was and why he didn't care enough to call until I fell asleep cuddled between my two favorite people in this world. 
 

Chapter 3



I wake up to a foot in the face. This is not a common occurrence for me. My children have their own beds for a reason. Although this may not be the main one, foot in the face is definitely amongst the top three. And what is digging into my hip? Jesus poop people! I carefully extract my two little unsuspecting attackers and creep to the kitchen to make coffee. 
The first thing I notice is it's just past eight. Judging by the amount of light filling the kitchen, in the morning would be an appropriate guess. The second thing, no coffee has been made today. I know this because I always forget to dump the used coffee grinds. Jack never forgets. The third astonishing factor: no note. He never sleeps past seven on his weekends off. He likes to be up and at 'em when the sun comes up to enjoy his freedom. Any other time, I couldn't pry him out of bed with a crowbar. 
I go about brewing my much needed roast and hit the stairs to confirm my suspicion. Thirteen steps and fifteen feet later, I find exactly what I knew I would. In the center of our bedroom, is a perfectly made bed minus the pillows Ruthie confiscated last night.
I check his office just to be sure. Nothing. Back downstairs, I glance at the couch pushed against the wall. Empty. The cushions are underneath my girls. The recliner is backwards facing the wall. I walk over and check it anyway. Nope. As big as he is, he can't hide underneath the girls. As I suspected, he didn't come home.
I check my cell phone on the kitchen counter next to the coffee pot as I pour my first cup. Milk and sugar come before pulling up my recent caller list. Same results, nope. I finish half my cup before deciding to go upstairs and check the girl’s emergency phones. Nothing. Back downstairs, I pick up the cordless in the dining room. No beep beep beep letting me know we have a voicemail. I check the recent caller list before placing it back in the cradle. 
He didn't call. He didn't come home. 
When I get like this, when that feeling of rage builds in my blood stream threatening to cut off the ability to breath, there's only one place I can go. The back porch off the kitchen is my solace. When we bought the house, it was a greenhouse. We replaced the glass with screens, but kept the original stone flooring. I knew I wanted to plant flowers like my grandmother. I wanted to be able to marinate in the sweet fragrance of irises, daffodils, roses and lavender I planned on cultivating in the backyard. I didn't want my view of the weeping willow I planned to watch grow, obstructed. I wanted to be able to sit out here during thunderstorms and smell the rain. 
Like everything else in this house, I got what I wanted. Jack got his office. Some would say I won. I didn't know, at that point, marriage was a game. I thought since I was staying home with Lanie, it made more sense that I should decide what color counters and walls I had to stare at all day. If I'm the one cooking, shouldn't I choose the stove? The washer and dryer? Why would someone who never uses something be entitled to choosing it?
I found out rather quickly, around the time the refrigerator was delivered, that since I got the house, he got... It would take me too long to list everything he's gotten in the last fifteen years. I stopped mattering the day that refrigerator was plugged in. It should have been me running instead.
"Momma, where's Dad?" Poor Ruthie is still half asleep and her question catches me off guard. Lanie is two steps behind her as they both join me on the porch with glasses of orange juice. 
"I don't know. Did you girls sleep okay?"
"Yeah. We just needed a minute to wake up before we had to clean up from last night," Lanie says. 
"Sit down and finish waking up first. There's no hurry unless you two are planning to run out on me." I hope they know I'm joking. I don't need my kids to babysit me today. 
Ah. I caught the look of guilt before they took their seats on the glider next to my lounger. Lanie definitely has plans to bail on us. Her black hair is looking extra spiky this morning. I love her bed-head. It reminds me of when she was a baby and she would wake up from naps. Ruthie envied her perfectly straight locks until she cut it. I don't see her following in her big sis' footsteps anytime soon. Long hair may be boring, but it's reliable. 
Her almond shaped brown eyes are pleading with me to let her go somewhere, too. She knows Lanie's tells as well as I do. "Momma, can I go to Grammy and Grampy's? Grammy is supposed to clean the attic today before it gets too hot to go up there. She said she has some dresses from when she was my age. I wanna see if we can use them for the school play next week." 
"Of course you can," I reply with a grin. I reach over and tap her on her cute button nose, the only feature she shares with both her sister and me. "And yes, Lanie, you can go to Kristen's."
I swear, when she smiles, it goes from her eyebrows to her toes. "Oh thank you thank you thank you!" She jumps up, disturbing the balance of the glider and sending Ruthie almost into the wall, hugs me tightly and turns to run into the house. She stops suddenly in the doorway to the kitchen; juice glass safely clutched to her chest, turns around and asks, "Can I spend the night?"
"Yes."
"Yes! I'm gonna go clean up the living room and call Kristen. Are you coming Ruthie?"
"Yeah. Let me finish my juice." I don't point out that her glass is empty. She waits for her sister to leave before turning back to me. "Where's Dad?"
"I don't know." At least it's the truth. "Did you need him for something?" Please don't need him for something, I silently beg.
"No. Are you okay?" 
And there it is. I can't look at her. I can't look in her eyes, his eyes, and answer that question. I remember when he used to care. I remember when he looked at me with all the love in the world. That was before he had me trapped in his web. Before he thought it was okay to not come home, not even call. There is no more benefit of the doubt. There's only truth. He doesn't respect me. Do I respect me?
I answer her, but I look at the willow tree Jack and I planted together. Like my soul, it's weeping. "Yeah babe, I'm okay." A total and complete lie. I take the hug she offers me. I take it like it's the last hug she'll ever give me. 
-----@-----
My parents live on the opposite side of town from us, in the southernmost tip of Cedar Creek, known as farm country. The entire trip, drive way to drive way is about seven minutes. Ruthie is in the passenger seat next to me playing with the radio. I brake at the mailbox to make sure Front Street is all clear. No surprises there but safe over sorry is my motto any day. She settles on Justin Timberlake and does her little dance dance shimmy shake while I try to force my attention on driving instead of watching the show. Pausing at the four way stop at the next block, Calvert Street or what the girls call the bus stop, I take three extra seconds to admire her skills. In a town this small, turning down free entertainment is like not paying your electric bill.
The town designed its road names for preschoolers, or perhaps by preschoolers. The only road linking North Cedar Creek to South Cedar Creek is so eloquently titled “front” because it runs in front of our houses. Twenty six avenues, eight of which connect businesses to the creek bank, are named alphabetically from north to south. Heading towards my parents place, the right side of the street is all residential. The left side was originally and exclusively farmland until the state required access for industrial trains. Their solution for pretending like it didn’t exist was to move businesses in front of it. It’s a slug paced operation in progress. 
"Momma, when I grow up, I'm gonna marry JT,” Ruthie announces over the too loud beat of her future husband singing about suit and ties. 
I adjust the volume to a more appropriate for conversation level without taking my eyes off the road before attempting to reply. "Babe, he's gonna be like 50 by the time you're old enough to get married."
"How old is Dad?" 
Her question reminds me the police station is coming up on the left at the next intersection, just after Katherine Street. I don’t want to look and I vow not to because whether or not he’s there doesn’t change the fact that he didn’t call. I don’t look. Instead, I think about how the only female street name leads to the police station, while automatically replying, "thirty-three. Same as me."
"And how old is Grampy?"
This one I have to calculate, interrupting my private analysis. Thinking, driving, talking, the radio is still playing and my ten year old is sitting in the front seat. I peek over to make sure she’s wearing her seatbelt. She is, otherwise she’d be on the floor break dancing by now. I knew I needed a distraction but this crosses the border of careless into illegal. Okay, so I was born in 1980 and my dad was, "Fifty nine."
"Fifty nine!" She pauses mid shimmy to gape at me in astonishment. "So JT's gonna be as old as Grampy when I can get married? How old were you when you married Dad?" she asks me accusingly.
"Almost nineteen. But that doesn't mean we were old enough. We were both still kids. We still had people to meet and places to see. You know how you and Lanie always think you know better than me and Dad?" I glance over at her and see she's fiddling with her fingers, staring at the houses passing by. I hope I didn't lose her already.  
"You mean like the time we thought we could call Dad at work by calling 911?"
"Not exactly. That's listed as don't do that unless it's an emergency. Hopefully never. More like the time you two brought home that stray cat."
"Oh yeah, I remember that! She had six babies, right?"
"Yeah, but what you probably forgot is that she had fleas when you two brought her home. I didn't think we would ever stop itching." 
"I miss my stuffed elephant her babies destroyed. What's that have to do with getting married?"
"The point is you don't do something because you think it will be fun."
I catch the conflicting emotions settling between her nose and brow. Yep, she's thoroughly confused. "Why? What's wrong with having fun? If I got married then I'd have someone to have fun with me. What's wrong with a permanent friend?" Wow. Maybe I didn't lose her. 
"As long as your permanent friend likes all the things you like, it would be fun. Unfortunately, that's not how it works. People being different makes life interesting. If you wanted someone like you, it would be easier to be by yourself. No matter how much alike you are, they aren't going to always agree with you."
"I'm not getting married unless he agrees to always agree with me," she declares. Well said baby girl. I hope she keeps that state of mind until she's forty.
We pull into my parent’s driveway and Ruthie jumps out before I put the car in park. My mom steps out on the stoop just as Ruthie goes flying into her arms, both of them drowning in a sea of brown curls. Mom swipes Ruthie's hair back into place and walks down to greet me. A kiss on the cheek is all I'm privy to.
"You wanna come inside? I made a Bundt cake?" She doesn't want me to come inside. I don't know what a hell Bundt cake is. I thought it was a type of pan. That's my mom, Mrs. Julia Child's, toned down to about ten degrees below freezing. She has no spunk and no drive outside the kitchen. 
"No, Mom. I'm gonna go see Dad and check on the new calves." I give them both pecks on the cheek and turn towards the barn behind the house. My dad is a vet. He deals with livestock more than household pets. I used to assist him with difficult births when I was a kid. It's only gross the first time. 
Ollie, the collie they bought after I left home, jumps up to greet me as I approach the barn. My dad ambles out after him to see what captured his attention. 
"I didn't hear you drive up," he says while reaching out for a hug. I eagerly wrap his lithe body up in my arms. I love my dad. I'm simply amazed he's managed to stay fit even though he went over the hill almost twenty years ago. He blames it on his job, claiming the smaller he is the easier it is to maneuver around a cranky cow. Holding onto his arm, we walk into the barn side by side. The open double doors are more than accommodating.
"We just got here. Ruthie's inside with Mom discovering Bundt cake." I help him finish stacking the bales of hay in one of the empty horse stalls. 
"I thought that was a type of pan." He pauses, twine clenched in his fingers, reconsidering the meaning of the word. He's as bewildered as I am. No wonder we get along so well.
"How are the new babies?" I ask when we finish at least one of his chores for the day. He had a set of twins drop unexpectedly while he was picking up supplies in town. Sometimes things happen we can't predict, even with a fully stocked tool box, or medical bag as the case may be. 
"Doing good. They're driving me nuts with the extra feedings. Should only be another week or so before we can supplement alfalfa." 
"I'm sure Ruthie would love to help you."
"She wouldn't be able to lift the bottle. How is that helping?" He's got me there. She could probably fit in the bottle. "What's going on with you? You look ragged." 
"I don't think it's possible to play in the hay and leave with no evidence of the ride. Of course I look ragged! I'm about three bales past nap time." I take a second to try to brush the loose stuff off my clothes. He reaches over, starts to grab some out of my hair but stops.
Turning around to look out the barn towards the house, he says, "that's not what I mean and you know it." He's trying to ask if my mom said something.
"It's not her. It's... Jack didn't come home last night." We're both staring at the house like my mom will come out with the secret cure for awkward.
He sighs, looks up at the clouds considering the possibility of rain, and back down at a leaf randomly laying five hundred feet from the nearest tree. "Where was he?"
I turn around in a complete circle trying to erase this entire conversation. This is not our thing, we don't communicate. Not like I don't communicate with my mom. I prefer zero words between me and her. She talks at me versus to me. It's a one way street. My dad and I talk but it's a carefully constructed school zone with meticulously placed speed bumps. I regurgitate my curd and reply with the only option I have, "I don't know." 
He and I continue this song of silence as the sun rests it's head on the horizon. My life may not be exciting but at least I have control over my bedtime. I catch a whiff of meatloaf dripping in the air from the open window in the kitchen. My mother is at the sink washing a roasting dish, chatting to Ruthie who's perched on the counter next to her. She can't see us because we're hidden in the shadows of the barn. Story of my life. The only one who's ever come close is the man standing next to me, looking just as lost.
-----@-----
“Cedar Creek Police, how can I direct your call?”
That would be the voice of Geneviève Douglas, my best and only friend. If cherry blossoms had the capability of speech, they would sound just like her, sweet and syrupy. It warms me to my toenails to hear her voice. I often wish I could crawl in her lap, hide under her desk or sleep in her pocket. If there’s anyone I can talk to, it’s her. I don’t, but that’s beside the point. I’m sure I could if I wanted to. We don’t even need to talk for her to work her Buddha. The girl is walking Feng shui. I was gifted her presence, by default, when I married Jack. They’ve known each other forever, but she didn’t go to our school. His dad and her dad are tight. Controversy, be damned.
She works the information desk. Technically, Jack’s dad got her the job. It didn’t take much work on his part with him being the chief of police. I know it’s not easy for her. Having something handed to you doesn’t mean you don’t have to work to keep it. Gen works harder than any of us at keeping what’s rightfully hers. 
 “Gen, its Laurel, please tell me you’re not working the late shift tonight,” I beg.
“Please tell me you don’t need a babysitter,” she mocks.
“Nope. Chuck's?"
"Chuck's.”
Chuck’s is a bootlegger that offers customers too drunk to drive a place to kick up their feet and keep on drinking. After eight on a Saturday night, this is the only place in town to be. It’s also the last place you want to be found. The clientele consists of those who work here and those who have something to hide. We fall into the latter category. I spot Gen at one of the fourteen bar stools chatting up the owner, Chuck. He appears to be dividing his attention between entertaining Gen and serving Hank, the town accountant. Trying not to make eye contact with the odd couples crouching down in their booths, trying just as hard to avoid being recognized by me, I make my way over to a stool and greet the owner. 
“Heya Chuck. Busy tonight?” He knows I’m messing with him. It’s my jab at reminding him he keeps his doors open just to provide a man cave for worthless husbands. He swears the drive thru liquor store is profitable enough on its own. I rarely ever come here, but I’ve sat on this stool for hours without seeing a car. His wife died over twenty years ago. I suspect he’s waiting for the right woman to walk through the door. I wish him luck because this place has the air of an online dating site gone badly: married men and rejected women. 
“Always. What can I get for you?” 
“Moscato,” I respond cautiously. Taking another look at him, I add, “you feeling okay?” He looks worn down, defeated. He’s the same age as my dad but he looks closer to seventy tonight. His silver hair, normally perfectly trimmed in a crew cut, is at least four weeks overdue. I haven’t been here in a while, maybe four months or so, but I’m stunned someone can get that rough looking that quickly. 
I almost miss my wine glass appearing in front of me as Gen starts snapping her fingers in my line of sight. I look over at her perched eloquently on my right side to find her amused, eyebrows raised and daring me to deny I was checking out the bartender. Yeah, okay, I was. But not like that! I take a sip of my cool wine, trying to figure out if Chuck acknowledged me asking if he was feeling okay. I’m not about to ask again. I’m sure she would love nothing better than to accuse me of flirting.  
She looks adorable, as usual. Maybe adorable isn’t the right word. She’s dressed like me, invisible. We have a code when we come here; sweatshirts and sweatpants, the bigger the better. It’s not a fool proof method, but it keeps the attention off us and on Jana, the female bartender and town whore. There’s no better word for her purpose. She keeps the men coming back. 
I’ve never met anyone who looks anything like Gen. I guess if you took every nationality in the world and mixed them together, she might be what you would get. The overall affect is astonishing. She’s taller than me but still average for a woman. Her hair is about three shades lighter than my midnight black. In the sun, it looks cinnamon. She has eyes most people would find creepy, a silvery blue closer to silver. Her facial features could probably pass for Brazilian, but her lips are a bit too full. 
“Tell me what happened,” Gen says.
“I don’t want to get you involved. You were his friend first. It’s nothing.”
“Hmmm. You want me to believe we had to hide out here because you wanted to be here? Hot date with Hank tonight after I leave?” She says this laughing, but it’s not funny. Hank and his wife Mary Anne are a little shy of ten years older than Jack and me. They had their third child right after I had Ruthie. Hank was the reason I didn’t want any more kids. I was not going to become Mary Anne, stuck at home with three whiney brats while my husband was off trying to become Cedar Creek’s next ineligible bachelor. No, thank you. Sadly, I don’t think she chose it either.
I answer so quietly, I almost hope she doesn’t hear me. “Jack didn’t come home last night.”
I’m rewarded with silence, even though I was expecting… I don’t know. Her to reassure me he was working? I don’t want to look at her. Maybe she didn’t hear. I take another sip of my wine, trying to be as discreet as possible to see what she’s doing. Only people who’ve never had a reason to try that maneuver would be dumb enough to do it. In the middle of sipping, my eyes meet hers. 
“I’m sure there’s a reason,” she assures me. She doesn’t ask if I’ve heard from him. What kind of wife doesn’t know where her husband is?
Since I know Jack wasn’t at work today, I feel safe changing the subject with, “How was work today?”
“Quiet, as usual.” She breaks to sigh, takes a sip of Merlot, steals a glance at Chuck’s whereabouts, and turns her body towards mine; most likely ensuring no one is listening. “I met someone,” she whispers. 
I want to squeal in glee! I refrain, but trying so hard to maintain my composure is causing me to squirm in my seat looking like I gotta pee. I keep my voice low and my eyes on the people around us making sure no one overhears as I excitedly demand, “tell me everything!”
With another sigh, she relents to the inquisition. “I met him online. He’s great, so far. I don’t have a lot of faith in dating sites but we’ve been talking for a few weeks now and I really like him.”
“Wait!” Okay, yelling that was totally accidental. Lowering my voice back to mischief level I continue. “Why did you wait so long to tell me?”
She’s either got a serial killer shooting daggers into her back or she doesn’t want to answer the question. I jump in to let her off the hook because I really, really need some happy news right now. “Please, forget it. No worries. I trust your judgment. What’s he like?”
Please must be a safe word for serial killers because as soon as it rolled off my tongue, all the tension left the room. She must be nervous about this guy. Or excited. Her smile reappears and the words start tumbling. “We talk, every day. At first, it was sporadic emails. Somewhere between my name is and where do you live, we were exchanging phone numbers. One short chat of I wanted to make sure this was your number turned into ‘no you hang up’ until my alarm clock was going off. A couple days ago I noticed when I woke up, I wanted to hear his voice more than I wanted coffee, more than I wanted to pee. It’s not consuming my life, I mean after that all night phone call we toned it down. But I want it to consume me.”
“May be,” I stretch the word out to warn her my smartass radar is locked and loaded, “you could forego peeing all day if you got one of those invisible blue tooth devices?”
“Yeah, may be,” she parrots, “that would work. Then he could listen to me peeing all day and he wouldn’t be interested in me anymore.”
"But you wouldn’t be peeing. Because you’d be talking to him. Your pee chaser awayer.
“I have to pee now, thanks Laurel.” 
She gets up to use the restroom and I call out loudly to her retreating form, “You should call your pee protector and test your theory, Gen!” The look she throws me is proof enough she heard and it was uncalled for. I feel like Lanie when she does something obnoxious and gets away with it. Honored.
I finish my glass of wine and signal Jana, the bartender/town whore, to bring me another one. She extracts herself from Hank and skips over to retrieve my glass. I swear I am not judging her. It works for her. I don’t feel sympathetic towards her because she knows what she is. I think it’s the attention she craves. Specifically, male attention. Level of attractiveness required is an unknown variable at this point. 
Gen climbs back up on her stool, all of two seconds after Jana sets my glass down and says, “I bet that was some hangover Jack had this morning.”
Being a parent allows you to master the art of reflexes. We constantly have to be aware of our actions, reactions, and the image we are projecting. The ability to adapt to constantly changing and often dangerous environments is unlike any other specialized training. We are designed to deal with little people, the kind that mean more to you than brothers, commoners and your country. We must be quicker, faster, and more alert. 
Luckily for me, I had a heads up on the reaction factor, thanks to an unplanned diversion. I heard Gen’s tennis shoes squeaking on the high gloss maple flooring, calling my attention, before I fully registered her uttering Jack’s name. If her intention was to catch me off guard thinking I would snap my head around and threaten her with my pupils, she is sadly mistaken. She picked the wrong woman. I am not my husband’s keeper. Admitting I had no knowledge of his supposed lack of self-control in a public place where married men come to spend time with the likes of her? I’ve been a wife longer than this girl has been a woman. My rookie days were over before she started middle school. 
For a second, I thought maybe she was talking about somebody else’s Jack. I implore Gen silently for any indication she heard. She did. Her soft smile and sudden request for the tab tells me she has it under control. Turning my body to match the way I’m facing, I drain my wine glass. Even if Gen knew, she wouldn’t tell me. I wouldn’t ask. I have no reason to trust or distrust Jana. I say goodnight and walk out with Gen, arm in arm, towards the parking lot. We don’t talk about it. I leave the same way I arrived, alone, with no one else to witness how Jana’s words climbed into my backseat and rode all the way home with me. 
 

Chapter 4



The mile it takes me to get home feels like a second when I pull into the driveway and see the patrol car sitting there. If I had known, I would have pulled off on any one of the nine dead ends I passed and disposed of the filth stinking up my back seat. That's no longer an option. Too busy bathing in ignorance, I didn't see the car until I pulled up behind it. 
I grab my purse from the passenger seat, lock my doors with the keyless entry in my hand and hike it up the front steps. The door is locked, as expected from Mr. Protection himself. After unlocking the handle and deadbolt, I enter my home, leaving my keys and purse on the sideboard. I slide my shoes off, still standing in the entryway and pause, listening for movement in the house. All I hear is the television in the living room. 
Entering the room like an inexperienced criminal, I accidentally knock over a TV tray that was not there when I left a few hours ago. The remote control hits the coffee table with a crack hard enough to dislodge the batteries. A magazine slithers under the couch; a beer bottle lands on the couch. I would say thank God it was empty, but it wouldn't have mattered. Underneath that bottle is my missing husband.
I can believe he managed to sleep through my Emmy worthy entrance. Mr. Protection himself is no different than any other man. If I woke up in the middle of the night thinking I heard something downstairs, he would probably have a broken rib, a ruptured spleen and a killer at the foot of the bed before he woke up. 
I pick up the TV tray, fold it up, and put it away. Picking up the remote, I pop the batteries back in, set it and the runaway magazine on the coffee table. I stare at the beer bottle lying in the crook of his arm like a baby. His right arm is crossed over his nonexistent belly; left elbow bent and raised, supporting his neck. He's been home long enough to change into pajamas; his signature crisp, plain white t-shirt and and soft blue plaid lounge pants. 
It really is a shame that beer bottle was empty. Seeing him lying there like that, cool calm and collected, I can't help scanning the room for a broom, or a golf club. Settling my gaze on the rise and fall of his broad chest, I spend a few moments admiring before I decide to have a seat in the recliner. Maybe I will sleep here tonight. If he wakes up and sees me asleep, not in my bed, will he care enough to wake me up and tell me to go to bed? On second thought, the kids aren't home...
I jump out of the recliner and turn the TV off. "What’d you do that for?" he mumbles into the now pitch black room. I was back in the recliner before the screen finished depixalizing. Arranging myself casually in the chair, I wait for what I know is coming. 
I can't see him, but I hear the rustling of fabric against the leather couch. The beer bottle clunks and rolls, hitting the wooden leg of the coffee table. I can hear him yawning and vaguely make out what I think is rubbing his eyes. He turns on the lamp next to the couch, probably expecting the TV tray to still be where he left it. That's the second cue he was invaded. 
I'm sitting here wondering how he feels knowing someone walked in the front door without him noticing when he finally turns his head in my direction. He has the nerve to look at me like I'm in the wrong. "Did you get the sprinkles?" I say this casually, like I would say "did the newspaper come yet". 
"What?" He's definitely rubbing his eyes now. I will admit I am most definitely not the type to trick him into a confrontation. "When did you get home?"
"Me?" What? He must still be asleep.
"Yeah, you weren't here when I got home."
"You weren't here when I left." My voice is rising just a little bit. I take a deep breath. Another one for safe measure. 
He's looking at me now. It's that look of "I told you I had plans". Instead, he says, "where did you go?"
Oh, okay, if he really wants to play it like this. "To file a missing persons report on you."
"What?!" Yeah, I knew that would piss him off.
"It was twenty four hours as of six o'clock. What did you expect me to do, ignore the fact that my husband thinks its okay to not come home? What was I supposed to say to the girls? Did you think they wouldn't notice?" He's looking at me like I have the answers. 
"Did you really file a missing persons report?"
I snap. All possibilities of keeping this civil are over. With every ounce of vehemence I've been carrying since I woke up this morning, I let him feel my words like repeated punches to his sternum. "Are you kidding me? That's all you heard? Everything I just said to you and that's all you chose to hear? No, I didn't file a report and do you want to know why? Because I didn't care where you were!" That's not true. That's so not true. I stuff the lie down deeper than all the other ones I've been telling myself and everyone else today and keep going. Only this time, I lower my voice to a couple notches above a whisper. Screaming at him isn't going to solve anything. When people start screaming our ears stop listening. And I need him to hear me.
"Where you go and what you do is none of my concern." Lie. Why do I keep lying? This is not helping! It hurts. It hurts so much I can barely breathe. I love him. I've loved him forever. It's not his fault I didn't want this. But this, this is so his fault! He doesn't respect me. I gave him everything I had. I had to create new stuff to give to Lanie and Ruthie because he had it all. And now he's sitting here, looking like he's president and founder of the coolest wife club because he knows he's off the hook. I try again.
 "I am not your keeper. I am your wife. The mother of your children. You chose me to be their mother because you trusted me to protect and care for them. When you bail out on them, they hurt."
"I didn't bail on them," he interrupts. We stare at each other, silence washing away our options. We can sit here and defend our actions, or walk away. The clock on the cable box tells me it's a little after midnight. I don't know how long he was asleep or if he plans on finishing his nap where he started but it's not my problem. I have to protect me. 
He's staring at his sock covered feet, forearms on his knees and fingers loosely clasped. I get up from my chair, walk to the kitchen. He says nothing when I pass him, coming or going. He says nothing as I walk up the stairs. Just as I go to close the bedroom door, I hear the leather couch crinkle and the TV click on.
-----@-----
It's Sunday, the day of The Lord. If I want my daughter back, my mother expects me to show up at church. I should have known better when I agreed to let her spend the night. I don't have a problem with church, per se. I have a problem with the parishioners disrespecting The Lord. If I say anything, I'm disrespecting God in his house. I get that he's almighty but if I have a guest in my home defacing my property or disrespecting my children, why would I take offense to someone else stepping in and saying, "hey, stop that!” 
There's a whole different rule at play here. It's called "don't call me out on my crap and I won't call you out on yours". Isn't that the definition of unholy? I'm in the next to the last pew with Jack on my right. He may think he's blocking my exit, but he's blocking my view. Hank, the town accountant, is in the pew across from us. I don't know why Mary Anne chose this row. I did because my mother is of the philosophy if you sit in the back row, you may as well be holding a banner declaring yourself a sinner. I tell her I'm guarding the sinners, acting on their behalf in case they need a witness. 
The preacher is at the front droning on about forgiveness. "If God didn't want you to forgive, the word wouldn't exist." Right, and if He wanted us all to be healthy He wouldn't have invented Big Macs. "I want all of you to take a look at the person next to you." I look to my left, knowing there's no chance someone slipped past us without us having to stand up and let them through, and look straight back at the preacher. Does it make me look guilty to give him my undivided attention? "I'm sure there's a reason you chose to sit next to the person you chose." I want to stand up and scream, "Because that's what married people do!" I stay in my seat, pretending to be the girl my mother pretends to be proud of, focusing on the preacher.
"We do things everyday, to each other, to ourselves. We do things, not intentionally I hope, but sometimes we are powerless over hurting the people we love." Is this a joke? That right there is why I don't go to church! Why is he telling people they have no control over their actions? "Sometimes, that person is you. More often than not, that person is sitting right next to you." If I didn't look guilty before, I sure do now. Mouth gaping, eyes popping out of my head, I have been ghoulified. This old fart, okay he's not old but that's beside the point, wants me to believe it's my fault my husband doesn't respect me? It's my fault he makes plans with his kids and disappears? It's my fault he doesn't love us enough to call us and tell us he's not coming home? He doesn't deserve my forgiveness!
I will not look at Jack! I doubt I will be able to find it in my heart to ever look at him again. "By forgiving people you love, whether it is yourself or others and I do hope you love yourself enough to admit and accept when you hurt yourself, because when you forgive, you begin the healing process. You open the floodgates for love to flow freely between you and the person on the receiving end."
Jack reaches over and takes my hand in his. I can't move. I can't remember the last time I felt his skin on mine. It's cool and rough. His fingers are lightly grazing the back of my hand, like he's doing it absentmindedly. It's not possible. Our days of natural, unforced affection are long gone. His touch feels foreign to me but so right. I repress the urge to grab his hand in mine and squeeze with all my might. That would be saying "everything will be okay" and it won't. I can't lead him on like that. Even if I wanted to, he wouldn't. If I gave in, turned my hand over and entwined our fingers, he would let go. He will always let go. The tears start building. I'm gonna lose it right here in church in front of God and everybody. I can't take my eyes off the preacher and I can't let him witness this struggle. I don't remember the last time I allowed myself to cry over this man. This cannot happen right now. Especially not here! I have to get out. I have to move. 
"I want all of you to remember: today, tomorrow, next year, forgive. Practice doing it. Next time someone does something that upsets you, forgets to do something, is late for something, doesn't return your call, forgive them. Do it without question. And the next time you do something that causes you to hurt you, forgive yourself. Let us all bow our heads and pray."
He doesn't have to tell me twice. I'm usually the one looking around to see who's in the mood to defy God, but today I'm the first one to comply. I bow my head and before he can begin with, "God," I feel the tears hit my bottom lashes. I can't wipe them away. Jack is still holding my hand. My other hand is clutching my thigh so tightly I fear I will have permanent indentations to mark this moment of my humiliation forever. 
"We pray to you today to help us see the good in others. God, we ask you to guide us in the right direction. We ask you to walk with us as we encounter the ones we love today and tomorrow and next year. We ask you to help us see compassion in their love. We ask you, Father, to help us see why they love us so in return; we can love them as they love us. Amen."
Everyone else stands up, offering their belated greetings and final departing words and I'm still frozen. I know I have tear tracks on my face. I want so badly to look around and see if anyone else heard what I heard but it doesn't matter. I have to get away from here before someone notices. I have to get away from Jack. 
My savior comes in the form of my mother. That is not what I had in mind but the hand she's holding belongs to a petite little angel named Ruthie. She comes running up to her dad with hugs and kisses, forcing him to release me. She hasn't seen him since he left Friday night to get sprinkles. She won't ask him where he's been. She learned from the best. 
I look up expecting to see God himself standing there ready to tell me "suck it up kid, you did this to yourself". Instead, I see my father. He's looking at me and I know he knows I have to get out of here. And I watch as he walks to the row behind us, all the way through sinner’s row. He walks along the side wall and comes up the row I'm sitting in. He reaches out his hand and I take it. It's warm and surprisingly smooth, just as I remember. He pulls me up from my seat and walks me out by the side door. We pass people but I don't notice because I'm okay.  He continues to hold my hand and I let him. I squeeze his hand back, hard, as he opens the door. He opens it and I walk through it and I'm free. I'm outside and I'm free. Don't let go Dad, don't ever let go. 
-----@-----
My mother finds us outside on the swings behind the church, a green mask tinged with essence of disproval on her face. I thought for sure she witnessed my loss of self control inside until she said, "Just what do you think you're doing?" Her focus is equally distributed between my dad, me, and Lanie between us, who were up until that moment trying to coax her Grampy into seeing how far he could jump out of his swing.
Right behind her is Kristen and her father, the preacher, Lanie's khaki overnight bag slung over his shoulder. As far as preacher's kids go, this one has been a godsend to our family. Kristen uplifts Lanie's spirit without dictating where or when. She took her under her wing and showed her how to have fun without getting into trouble. And when she's around, Lanie's attitude finds some other mother to bug. 
The two of them are polar opposites, one a bit too tall and a tad too thin with wild black hair and piercing blue eyes, so much like her mother and grandfather we look like short, shorter and shortest lined up. The other a few centimeters below short, a couple of pounds of baby fat reluctant to let go, hair so gold it belongs in a safe deposit box, and eyes darker than the deepest void. Kristen is a mixture of her parents, genetically lucky depending on whom you ask.  Her brother got the opposite deal, their father's bright red hair and their mother's ivy green eyes and lanky height. 
Lanie and her Grampy both come to an abrupt halt, feet skidding along the worn underbelly, dust warning my mother to stay back less her yellow polyester skirted suit would like an unexpected visit with the local dry cleaner. She stops her pursuit on the edge of the lawn surrounding the church and looks back at the preacher, probably apologizing for her Neanderthal family. Heaven forbid we should enjoy ourselves!
The preacher sends me a small, innocent smile and sets Lanie's bag on the picnic table. My mother thinks she can use the fear of God by way of the man standing next to her to keep me in line. Not even God himself could put the fear in her, why would she expect me to be any different? 
I've never understood why she treats me like I don't deserve to be her daughter. She's convinced my brother is the product of Immaculate Conception. I don't doubt it. It's like one of those carnival mirrors, same stout facial features, platinum blonde hair, eyes the color of aged honey. It works on my brother better than my mother. The broad shoulders and muscular thighs she inherited from her father's German blood were intended for a man. Our entire family is short but my brother and I came out closer to normal. I thank my dad for that. He set the bar for average height. 
"Did you enjoy the sermon, Laurel?" The question catches me off guard. With effort I didn't know I had, I move my eyes from my mother to the preacher. He's perfectly relaxed in his skin. There's no air of arrogance or judgment surrounding him. He just is. I can't trust the motive of the question. I don't know how to respond. Is he making conversation? Is he expecting me to thank him for some heart warming motivation to forgive the people who will continue to hurt me? 
I release my death grip on the chains of the swing, relaxing my hands, not letting go, and hoping he didn't notice. Still looking at him, I dig deep and grace him with a smile I am not feeling, responding with, "of course, Reverend Daniels. I always enjoy your sermons. You seem to somehow know what we all need to hear."
For the first time in my life, I want to look at my mother. I didn't mean to say it, it slipped! She's probably thinking I'm being sarcastic but I meant it. I didn't mean to say it! If he was pretending he didn't witness the war on my soul inside those walls before, he has the deck stacked against me now. Like Jenga, I wait. All around me, the pieces are wobbling and I can't risk watching the other players in this face off. The stakes are too high!
He shows no weakness, no mercy, when he says, "if there's anything you ever need to talk about, I'm here." He bids his goodbye and he and his daughter walk back to the church, back to that place I never want to be again. He leaves me here, on the swing, with my daughter and my father, my mother standing guard. I can't take my eyes off him, watching him retreat back into the house of The Lord. 
"Laurel, must you get smart with the man of God," my mother admonishes. "It's still Sunday and you're still on His property. And why are you three out here?"
Her typical disdain for others, minus a few elite like my brother, soaks up the tension and cuts the atmospheric pressure. Looking to my left, I focus on Lanie. She's so much like me it kills me. Every day her will gets stronger and stronger, threatening to endanger her soul.  When I was her age, I thought I could fit the world on my pinkie nail. It didn't matter what my mother thought because I didn't care. I could never do right in her eyes. I took refuge with my dad, preferring manure to manicures. She said I was an abomination. What kind of girl acts so unbefitting? 
My dad releases himself from the confines of his swing, dusting off his gray slacks and black polo shirt. He chuckles as he looks down at his shiny black shoes. My mother clucks her tongue and turns to leave, her bright yellow outfit beckoning the way. He watches her for several long seconds before turning to us, leaning down with hands on knees; he makes sure we're both looking at him before saying, "You know how she is. She loves you both, in her own way. Don't let it get you down. We'll see you at dinner." With a kiss on the forehead for each of us, he jogs after her. 
"Did you see your dad?" I ask her.
"Yeah," she says, still watching my dad chase after my mom.
"Did you have fun with Kristen?"
"Yeah. Why is Grammy always so mean to Grampy?"  I settle back in my swing, push off the ground, pull up my legs, lean back and let the wind play with my hair. After a couple passes, Lanie follows me, into the sky and back into the trees. 
Once we master the art of balancing speed in relation to mass, I answer her as honestly as I can. "Sometimes, it's not about what you say, but what you don't say."
 "When I grow up, I want to find a man like Grampy. Someone who will run after me no matter what I say." Me too, baby girl. Me, too.
Ruthie went back home with my parents. There's no way to avoid Sunday dinner now. I'm not sure why my mother calls it dinner when we eat at two o'clock. I usually plead having to get stuff ready for the coming week or a case of potential mumps, not that she buys it. If Jack's working, she either feels compelled to doubt I can handle dinner alone with the girls or tells me it's not good to keep them cooped up in the house with just me. Like I'm a horrible disease. Maybe I should rethink using the mumps story in the future. 
We're in the car taking the three and a half minute drive from the middle of town to my parent’s farm. It takes longer on Sunday's because of all the church people out and about. Sunday is the only day the streets are booming. We don't have Saturday morning flea markets or farmer's markets. No town festivals or carnivals. If you have something you don't want, it's easy to find someone who does. Hand me downs are in high demand. We can't afford the effects of price gouging. The nearest clothing store is two hours away. We don't even have a Walmart.
A farmer's market isn't necessary. All of our fruits and vegetables are locally grown; picked, packed, stored and distributed by our largest job supplier. They guarantee we have what we need year round. Most farmers have greenhouses, others experiment with hydroponics. The prices go up in the winter, the supplies verge on rationed, but lettuce and tomatoes are consistently available. 
The town council refuses to spend money on entertainment. They claim bringing in outside events would bring crime with it. I think circus freaks are a myth but I wouldn't know because I've never been. Christmas parades wouldn't make sense without floats. The local hardware store doesn't have the inventory available to make it worth the effort. We have a tree lighting ceremony the day after Thanksgiving. The town puts up those ugly wreaths with big ridiculous plain red bows. The fire department hosts a breakfast with Santa; for five dollars, you get pancakes and a photo memento. 
The car is so quiet I almost forgot I was in it. I'm not sure if Lanie is unusually quiet because her dad is driving, her Grammy upset her or she overindulged with Kristen. She asked to go home and change before "dinner" but I want to get this over with. Fighting with church people to get through town and back would make us late. I look in the backseat and she's staring out the window like she might jump out. I don't think she's mad at me but, "Lanie, sweetheart, you okay back there?"
She looks up and smiles so bright I wonder where I left my sunglasses. It's forced and I feel the full strength of it because it's the same thing I used to do, still do. It won't take long for her cheeks to start aching. "Yeah, Momma, I'm good." I know not to ask her what's wrong. I'm not sure what made me ask in the first place. She digs her fingers into the lower half of her pale blue sundress, the texture masking the imprint. She notices my scrutiny, releases the fabric and wraps herself up tight in her white, lightweight sweater. I let my face mirror her own for a whole one one thousand before turning back around and looking at Jack.
Can he see the falseness behind Lanie's smile? Does he know Ruthie can tell when someone needs a hug? Can he at least feel me looking at him? He won't acknowledge me watching him. It's a cop thing. He can focus all his attention on the road without regard to temptation. It's also why the radio is off. As much as the girls love music, they love riding in his police car even more. Today, we're in my car. I wonder if Lanie feels the silence, too.
We pull up to my parent’s house and she's the first one out. The air surrounding us must have been extra foul if she's choosing to abandon us and run into the lions awaiting teeth. Poor kid. I watch her bound up the steps, her hair perfectly styled, eloquent. Not a single strand affected by the gentle breeze. She's extra attentive to it if she knows she's going to see my mother. I prefer the bed head look. She has too much spunk to be tamed.
Jack is still beside me, keys in the ignition, hands on the steering wheel at ten and two. Grip, twist and release. Repeat. I don't say anything. I'm stuck looking at the keys. Is he leaving? Is he taking my car with him? I look up, searching his eyes, but he's looking at the barn. And it angers me. How dare he avoid me and use my place of solace to do it! I want to rip his eyes off of those red, red walls. That's my spot. That's where I spent my time before Jack, before he became my protector. He knows this! Why is he contaminating it with his knowing eyes? What is he looking for? 
The answers are not in that barn, of that I know. It's not a place of realization. It's a place to hide and cope. And that's why I'm mad! He's looking at it like he wants to hide.  "Do you remember," he starts. I'm so mad I'm shaking, biting my inside cheek to keep from screaming at him to stop. "That time your dad rescued that horse?"
"What?" I demand. "Do you mean the one that got stuck in the creek? During the flood? Back when we were in high school?!" How dare he have the nerve to not only think about back then, but ask me about it! I can barely get through the day without the constant reminders of how things used to be. "Why? Why are you thinking about that? What made you think about something that happened sixteen years ago? For god-sake it's not even raining outside! And unless I went blind I don't see a horse from where I'm sitting!"
"Just," he takes a deep breath and let's out a long sigh on exhale. Still looking at the barn, he asks, "What did you want to be back then?" 
What did I want to be? Is he serious right now?  "What do you mean what did I want to be?" I emphasize the last word so there's no mistake where my confusion lies.
"Back in high school. I mean, did you think you were going to end up like your dad?" He actually sounds like he wants to hear the answer. But he doesn't. There's no way I will ever admit to him that I never wanted this life. 
"No." I leave it at that. Opening my door, I get out of the car, leaving him behind to stew in the foul air while I willingly walk up the steps and follow my baby girl into the lion’s teeth.
As soon as I walk into the kitchen, my mother gives me the look. The "get that look off your face" look. She's changed out of her sun suit and into her usual ready for anything but must be ironed linen ensemble. Her fuchsia shirt is irritating my aching head. Her black pants match mine. She would never wear hers to church. Especially not with my pinstripe dress shirt. It's inappropriate. It's unbecoming of a woman to wear men's clothes. 
Checking on my girls, I find them in the den with my dad watching basketball. Of course he is. That's just him. He will do anything to make sure guests are comfortable, even though Jack isn't a guest. The girls are trying to act like they're interested. He's not fooled. As soon as he sees me watching from the doorway with my arms crossed, he let's loose the laugh he's been fighting for longer than I've been watching.
Lanie is raising her eyebrows while squinting. I don't know if she's trying to see or not fall asleep. Ruthie is next to her, on the opposite side of couch, delicate hands holding her head up. She's perched like a cat about to attack a moth.  They really don't get basketball. Noticing that I'm standing there, they both jump up giving me over exaggerated hugs. I know it's an excuse, but I never turn down free hugs. Strawberries from Ruthie on my left and watermelon from Lanie on my right. It's perfect. For a whole ten seconds before Jack comes up behind me. The girls let go to drag him to the couch, Lanie on his right and Ruthie on his left. My dad blows me a kiss from his oversized recliner, forcing me back into the kitchen.
I find my mother standing on a stepping stool, still unable to reach the salad bowl on the top shelf. "Mom, why didn't you ask Dad to get that? You had to have known you were going to make salad the last time he was in here. It's the same routine every Sunday." Shaking my head I scoot her out of the way. The stepping stool brings me to the perfect level to grab it. Unlike her, she was risking knocking herself out by trying to wiggle it free with her fingertips.
"Because I don't need a man to reach a bowl for me. Lord Child, how helpless do you think I am?" More helpless than me is what I think, but don't say. This woman never made any sense to me. You ask a man to reach something you can't because it's safer, not because you'd rather prove your stupidity by giving yourself a concussion! 
I look at the bowl in my hands before handing it to her. “Didn’t you and Dad get this as a wedding present?”
“Yes.”
“Then why do you use it every Sunday?”
“Would you prefer me to use it every Thursday?” Her attitude is as crappy as Lanie’s.
“No Mom. I’m asking why you use it.”
“What would you prefer I do with it?”
Gash! “Seriously, Mom? What I mean is, it was a wedding present. Shouldn’t it be, I don’t know, special?”
“You don’t consider Sunday, the day of Our Lord, special? You don’t think family is enough reason to break out the fine china?”
“That’s not what I meant, Mom.” She’s always so snappy with me!
“No, I know what you meant, Laurel. But here’s what you don’t understand: A salad bowl has no sentimental value for me. We got towels at our wedding, too. Should I have left them in the drawers or hung them up for decorative purposes? If somebody gives you something, it should have a purpose. Use it and think of who gave it to you while using it. If it’s sitting in the attic or even the China cabinet, but not getting used, are you thinking of the person who gave it to you? Are you thinking about your wedding? No, you’ve shoved it in a box and forgot about it. There is no one more important than your family.”  I look around the kitchen, at the refrigerator, thinking about all the things I’ve given her over the years. 
The clock on the stove says three minutes until time for dinner. My mother is a severely punctual person, especially with meals. In her opinion, there really is nothing more important than your family. I decide to set the table and keep my distance. When I’m around her, my thoughts swirl together like a hurricane and I can’t figure out what to say first. The thing is, what she says makes sense. But it doesn’t and you don’t figure out what she’s really trying to say until later. Unless she chooses the direct approach, which is reserved for one sentence at most. I don’t know how my dad deals with it. He’s never complained to me. He’s never said anything. 
When I was a kid, I learned to view them as separate entities. Thinking of them as a unit caused all sorts of weird feelings in my tummy. I feared my dad would figure out my mom was right, that everything about me was wrong, that I didn’t understand anything. My dad was always so patient with me, even if it took all day to teach me to tie my shoes, he didn’t give up. And the next day, he would make me show him I still remembered how to do it. 
Dad must have had a silent alarm programmed; at exactly two o’clock, all four of them come barreling into the dining room. Jack fetches the girl’s drinks while I help my mom serve the food. We’ve all done it so many times we work soundlessly and effortlessly. The problem I have is watching Jack act like this is how it is at home. The girls love Sunday dinners when he’s present because he helps. If he’s not here, they don’t want to come. The tension is too much to bear. They’ve asked me before if we could just invite Grampy to our house for dinner. I would never admit that out loud, not even to Jack. 
My dad is down the table from me at one end, my mom across from him to my right. Jack is beside me still talking basketball with my dad, the girls across from us. This is hell for me. When the girls were young, it worked because they babbled and needed help. Back then, I also had a loving husband to hold my hand under the table. Now, I feel more alone than I did as a kid. I may have more allies now, but the girls don’t care to be ogled while eating. 
Knowing they don’t want to be here is worse. Ruthie and my mom, on their own, have a bond Lanie and I were never offered. That feeling I get, sitting next to my mom, I’d rather burn myself alive than imagine what she’s thinking. It’s horrible. And it’s multiplied times three. The vibes I get from the girls, the way they prefer to look at their plate, I feel responsible for that. 
No one else notices. I sit here and I don’t get it. This isn’t the first time either. This is why I don’t want to come. I would rather have actual mumps or malaria. What is my mom doing? Thinking? I don’t want to know. I really, really don’t want to know. I didn’t mean literally, I just want to know if she notices no one is talking to her. Does she care? She’s surrounded by people who are ignoring her. How can she be okay with that? She may be but I’m not. I’m not okay with being alone or ignored. I’m not okay with not caring if my family is happy. If there is no one more important than family, then how does she treat people who aren’t? 
“Hey Momma, Grammy helped me pick a dress for the play on Thursday night,” Ruthie says. “And we found one for Lanie, too.”
“I don’t need one of your stupid dresses, Ruthie! I’m in charge of lighting, not costumes. And I don’t need a costume to work a spot light.”
“And guess what else we found in the attic, Momma?”
“What, Ruthie?”
“A picture book with all kinds of people in it. Some were wearing silly hats and there were lots of people playing sports like Dad likes.” 
What is she talking about? A picture book? “You mean a book about sports?” She must have found one of Matt’s old how to play with a ball books. I swear my brother had the dumbest taste in literature. If it didn’t have a cover suggesting how to be a boy, he didn’t read it. Ironically, he turned out to be a doctor. 
“No Momma, this was in a box called ‘not your stuff’ but I think it was yours because there was a report card in it with your name on it. It said you got straight A’s!”
“Your mother always got straight A’s in school. Your Uncle Matt, he was the real star. He was the running back for the football team. They never made it to state or anything but I always said, if they had a better quarterback, they would have. One person can’t win the game all by himself,” my mother says. 
“When I grow up, I want to be a running back just like Uncle Matt. I want to be a star, too,” Ruthie says, dreamily. Yeah Mom, go ahead. Tell her she can’t play football because she’s a girl. 
“Are you sure you want to be a running back Ruthie? Maybe you can be the quarterback.” The voice from my left catches my attention. Jack. I stare at him, perplexed. “Or, you can play basketball like I did. Lots of girls play basketball.”
My dad snickers at the end of the table, hiding his head behind his hands. I bend forward, body angled towards the instigator, legs crossed with one insole snug against his shin, elbow on the table. I’m risking the berating my mother is stewing. Cutting her off from this satori, I wait, agog, keeping my focus on the three of them; for Jack to elaborate, my dad to accede, Ruthie to triumph. 
“I don’t know how to play basketball and I can’t reach the basket, “Ruthie says.
“I’ll teach you how to play, pumpkin,” my dad offers.
“But I’m too short.”
"You won’t be short forever. Do you think I was born this tall?” Jack asks.
"Will I be as tall as you when I grow up?”	
“Of course not!” my mother insists. “Stop putting nonsense in her head. Come on girls; help me clean up the table. Ruthie, you can help me wash dishes. Lanie, will you help me put away the leftovers please. You girls can take some food home with you so you’ll have something to eat tomorrow night.”
"What about the peach pie we made after church?” Ruthie says.
“We can have that after we clean up. Come on, skedaddle!”
My mother avoids everyone else at the table. For once, it’s nice not to be the only one rejected. As she and the girls go about snatching our half eaten plates, I relax back into my former position, removing my ballet flat from Jack’s Dockers. I don’t check to see if I left a smudge on his pants. I hope I did. I hope when I see those pants in the laundry basket, I remember the time he told Ruthie she could be something.
After the table is cleared, desert is finished and everyone is itching to go back to normal, we collect our leftovers and head for the door. Hugging my dad goodbye, I whisper my thanks. I don’t know if he knows why; it doesn’t matter. The appreciation is the same. My mother attempts a pat on the back with her standard half kiss on the cheek. The girls hug her, Ruthie a little tighter than Lanie and slap wet kisses on her cheeks. We turn to leave, Jack at the door watching us with my dad standing guard, as Ruthie exclaims, “Momma, don’t forget your box!”
She sprints out of the room and I look around accusingly.  No one else seems to know what she’s talking about. She returns, breathless, “here you go Momma, I got my dress and Lanie’s, too.” She hands Lanie her dress, turns to me and offers the box. It’s a boot box from the Christmas my dad bought me riding boots. He wouldn’t recognize it because it’s covered in newspaper comics. My grandmother used to read The Family Circus to me. I collected them for months. On the top, it says “not your stuff.”
My attempt to act nonchalant is unnecessary. Everyone else is pretending to admire the two dresses Ruthie and her Grammy are twirling. Lanie looks like me, sick. 
"Come on Ruthie, let's get those home safe," I say. I grab Lanie's left arm with my right, clutching the box to my chest. Jack sees us approaching the door and smartly, opens it. I pull Lanie outside as Ruthie and my mom prattle on behind us. Dresses stashed safely in the trunk, food protected with the girls, I get inside the car. 
Jack wraps up his respects and climbs in. I stare at the ignition. Waiting. He puts on his seatbelt. Wiggles the rear view mirror. Realizing the keys are still in his pocket, he unlatches his seatbelt. Stretch, grab, readjust, click, ignition. He starts the car and we leave. We drive away from my parents house with the past in the trunk, in the backseat and clutched to my chest.
"What's in the box?"
We don't get a half mile down the road before he asks. The girls are arguing in the backseat about "stinking dresses". I don't know how to answer him. I tell him, "I don't know."
"Are you going to open it?"
"Later." Like when I'm alone. I can't bear for Jack to witness my humiliation. I don't remember putting it in the attic. I didn't even remember the box. That's twice in one day I've been confronted with "those days". What else is in that attic I don't want found?
 "Momma, can I show Lanie your picture book when we get home?"
Deep breath. She's talking about the yearbook. That should be okay, right? Jack's looking at me now. "What picture book?"
"I think she means yearbook."
"Huh. I always wondered where yours was."
"Mine?"
"Yeah. I have mine and I thought you had your own. You wouldn't know it by looking at mine. 'Dear Jack, I wish you and Laurel the best.' 'Dear Jack, good luck with Laurel."
"So can I Momma?"
"Sure babe." What else can I say?
We make the trip home in double time, that is double the crawl pace it took us to leave the house this morning. The streets are vacant, as usual. The video store is deserted, as is the hardware store, the dry cleaner and the church. Gen isn't working. The grocer is quiet, the pharmacy napping. We pull into the driveway, everyone moving in reverse. Jack is out first, keys in hand. Me with the box, girls with the food, dresses from the trunk. 
I'm the first one through the door. While Jack is helping the girls with the food and the dresses, I'm running up the steps. I close the door to my bedroom behind me, walk to my bathroom, close and lock the door and settle on the tile against the tub. I need to do this alone. 
 
 
Chapter 5



Lifting the lid, I take a deep breath. The first thing I see is, indeed, my high school yearbook. Picking it up, I flip through the pages quickly. Nothing inside. Front cover has one message from my senior AP Chemistry teacher.

Dear Laurel,
   I hope you get everything you want out of life.

--Mrs. Holt

As much as it hurts, I can't contain the smile. Or the tears. I close the yearbook, not looking at the pictures, and place it on the floor next to the lid. The next thing I find is a picture of Jack and me, our first day of senior year. The photo club took it. They took pictures of every senior that day. It was supposed to be the first day of the rest of our lives.
The smile on my face is proof I believed it. I'm in Jack's arms, my hands around his neck. He's lifting me and I'm looking up at the sky. Laughing, both of us. He's looking up at me like I'm all he ever wanted in life. I put the picture back in the box, face down. 
A prom ticket catches my eye. I still have mine because I didn't go. My mother was supposed to take me to get a dress. She didn't. Jack's mother was so upset. She wanted to take me but my mother said it was something a mother and daughter do. She made excuses every weekend until it was too late. 
The morning of prom, a Saturday, I told everyone I was sick. We could have made it if we left as dawn was breaking. We didn't. I woke up, it was too late. She would never admit it and I would never say it, but she was punishing me. Two years before, my brother left for college. His girlfriend of three years stayed behind. I made two mistakes. The first, I told her he would never come back if he knew what was good for him. The second, I told him I heard she went to prom with someone else. 
They broke up. He was devastated. He stopped coming home. The months turned into a year and my mother finally asked her golden child why he wouldn't come home. He blamed me, said I ruined his life. 
I pick through the rest of the contents. My final report card, high school diploma, brochure of SAT dates, a college application, the tassel from graduation. Class of '98 in blue and gold. A portfolio of senior portraits, all me. I look just like Lanie, before her pixie cut. Midnight black hair, piercing blue eyes, a button nose and a smile filling half the picture. These were taken before.
The last thing in the box is what I feared the most. My diary. I take it out and set it aside, putting everything else back except the brochure and application. I twist those up and stash them in the trash can inside a discarded Crest box. The diary goes in my waist band at the center of my back. 
Clutching the box to my chest again, I open the door to the bathroom, peek out and check for signs of company. All clear. I scoot out and run to my closet. I stash the diary between sweaters stacked on the top shelf. After extracting the yearbook, the box follows.
The downstairs is quiet when I return. I made sure to shower and change into the expected ratty t-shirt and flannel pants before coming down. The TV is off. It's only seven o'clock. Jack taking the girls somewhere this late would be highly unusual, especially with school in the morning.
I creep back upstairs, their bedroom door is open. Peeking in, I find no girls. I hear childish chortles coming from somewhere. Straining to hear, I keep my steps quick and soundless. Back downstairs, I walk through the dining room to the kitchen. Outright guffaws and the smell of coffee greet me. I peep out the back door and there they are, all three of them cuddling on the glider, heads bent over looking at... My yearbook in Jack's lap? I left it on the bed when I took a shower. 
"Hey Momma! You have to see this! Dad had an Afro!" Poor Lanie, she may never recover from that image. I walk over and pretend to look. Smiling, I leave them to it. I didn't have to look to remember his adorable thick brown curls. They were the reason I fell in love with him. No matter how evil he was, for a boy, his curls kept him innocent. Not the he was ever evil, at least towards me.
Grabbing a cup of coffee, I head back out to the porch for my favorite lounger. The girls tinkling laughter surrounds me, caresses me, and chases away the memories I don't want. I watch the three of them. I couldn't have it any other way. Could I?
Jack has it all. He's always had it all. What does that feel like, to have it all? Other people think I do. I sip my coffee, feeling the breeze on my toes, but instead of watching the willow tree sweeping away the evening sun, I watch the three of them. What would they think if they happened upon the truth hiding in my sweaters? Maybe what Mom said is true: eventually I'll forget it's there. 
Do I want to forget? I've spent fifteen years pretending. Would Jack still have it all if he found out I was fake? What would Lanie and Ruthie say knowing I never wanted this life? They're too young to understand circumstances. And Jack, God, he would be devastated to find out. Does he deserve to know?
-----@-----
The blaring of an old fashioned telephone startles me into Monday morning. Reaching over a comatose Jack, I accidentally hit the snooze button. I grab my tattered pink robe and slip into a pair of worn sheepskin moccasins. I pass up the bathroom and make my way downstairs to the kitchen, starting a brew. Once the drip, drip, drip has passed inspection, I run back upstairs. 
Adding Crest to my Colgate, I focus on plaque and taste buds, not the trash can in the corner. Forgetting my hair and the shower until later, I leave the bathroom as the telephone recommences. I contemplate high tailing back downstairs for all of two seconds. The only person who would be affected by that annoyance has already been there, done that. Shutting it off until six a.m. tomorrow, I walk back downstairs, envying Jack with every creak.
By six-thirty, the bacon is lingering, the juice is concentrated and the eggs are fusing. The Cardinals and Blue Jays are having their morning meeting, the Elliott’s cat demanding attendance. With four minutes until the girls have to join me, I inspect staples. Monday is restock day, but the house doesn’t need to eat. If Jack picked up sprinkles for Friday night sundaes, they never made it to the cupboards. 
I'm not sure what to think of that night. With my diary upstairs burning a hole in the closet, the "we don't have secrets between us" bicycle has left the park. Not that we were in the baseball park to begin with. Or the same city. 
According to the reappearance of my personal devil, I've been keeping secrets longer than I agreed to love honor and obey. I've heard you're attracted to people who are what you want to become. Well, that works for me. I fell in love with Jack because life was easy for him. He knew what he wanted and he went after it. But me? I've been stuck on the merry go round since I was born. I didn't put myself there and I can't figure out how to make it stop. 
A low tinkling grabs my attention from monitoring mold growth. Closing the refrigerator door, I collect my phone from standing guard at the coffee pot. The message indicator tells me it’s from Gen.
Gen: Off today. Annapolis?
Me: I’m driving!
Gen: You always do. Pick me up at 7:30?
Me: See you soon!
A beep beep beep crescendo interrupts the morning. After dropping my phone on the counter, I run up the steps, taking the first left. Groans greet me from both sides of the room, competing for intensity. Shutting off the alarm, I clap my hands, chanting “up up up!” finishing the clocks final sentence.
“Come on girls, you can do it!”
Lanie rips the pillow off her head, yelling “I hate Monday! Why can’t it be President’s Day or Professional Day or any other I don’t have to get out of bed on Monday?” Before the words are finished coming out of her mouth, the pillow is back on her face.
Ruthie is faring much better, sitting on the edge of her bed, mummified and zombified. I crouch down enough to kiss her forehead, brushing her curls out of her face. “Come on baby girl, if you open your eyes, you can find the bathroom before your sister.” 
That snaps both of them into action. Ruthie pushes me out of the way and Lanie trips over the side of the bed. I stay crouched, watching them fight to get through the doorway. Mornings like these make me thankful I didn’t have a sister. My brother could only carry things so far before I pulled the girl card. 
“Get out of my way twerp,” Lanie says.
“No way, you take too long. I don’t want to miss the bus. I’ll be out before you pick your butt enhancing jeans.”
“I do not wear butt enhancing jeans!”
“Whatever. I guess your butt is just big.”
“Momma! Ruthie said I have a big butt!” Uh hello? I’m right here. Did she see me leave the room? Ruthie used the split second it took Lanie to look at me to knock her aside and run for the bathroom. The door slams shut before I can confirm or neglect. Taking a deep breath, I lift myself off the floor, give her my best “try harder next time” rub on the back, a kiss on the forehead and leave her to her butt dilemma.  
Jack shows up downstairs as the bus is pulling away. I’m cleaning up the girls scraps and wiping down as he rummages a cup of black coffee. “You couldn’t have woken up thirty seconds earlier to tell the girls ‘have a great day?’” I say as he sits down.
He takes a sip and pauses. “I could have. Didn’t you tell them to have a great day?”  
Seriously? Does he know he’s blatantly telling me he’s useless? If I have to do my job and his…Or is he using me to do his job? “Do you really believe we are the same person?” 
"Why not? Everyone else seems to." 
"Then maybe you should go to the 'Boys in Blue' by yourself. I wouldn't want people thinking half your award is mine." Lord knows I haven't done anything to deserve recognition.
"Laurel, if you don't want to go, we don't have to be there. I thought you'd enjoy a night out. A chance to get pretty?" He stares into his cup trying to read the coffee grinds for a way out of that one. Glancing at the clock on the wall, he says, "Can we not do this this early in the morning? I don't know what I'm trying to say. Where's the newspaper?"
No, we most definitely don't have to do this, at all. "Outside." He can get it his damn self. I have less than twenty minutes to pick up Gen. I leave him sitting there and walk out of the room. Just before I reach the doorway, I look back over my shoulder and say, "by the way, we need milk and eggs." Let's see how much he likes his theory.
Upstairs, I opt for comfort. Finding a dress is torture. Clothes on, clothes off over and over from store to store. Jeans, boots and buttons are out. I lead Jack to believe I didn't want to go, but I never miss an opportunity to act fake with a room full of fake people.
Twenty two minutes later, I'm on my way to Gen's house. She lives four minutes away, two streets down from work. She claims it makes her feel safer. I don't buy it. Our town is safer than a baby's blanket. No, she has a habit of being late. 
I pull up outside her house, a cute little white bungalow. She calls it a contradiction; I call it a statement. She painted the original black shutters after she moved in. The grass green blends in with the perfectly manicured yard. It fits her. Classy, elegant but not showy. 
She's not outside. I park in front of the house and trek it up the boring sidewalk. Before I can knock, she throws the door open with a "come on in, coffee's still fresh. You're gonna need it cause we gotta be like the old lady speed walkers in the mall. And you better use the bathroom before we leave because..." The rest is lost behind her bedroom door.
Calculating the two hours it takes to get there, the two hours back, we have about two hours to find the perfect dresses for Saturday night. The bridge shouldn't be an issue that early in the morning. Lanie has a key but I don't like the girls being alone fresh off the bus. Anything they were supposed to tell me gets lost in the land of 'oh Momma's not home we can do whatever we want!’ 
A half cup of coffee and forced potty break later, we are headed north, out of town. "If we have time on the way back, do you wanna stop at that Walmart? It's after the bridge so you know we won't get held up."
 "Yeah, that's fine. I need to get some better conditioner for Ruthie. And please remind me to look for sandals while we're up here."
 "Oh, girl, you're not kidding! My toes are itching to show off my 'I dream of pinky' nail polish." 
"We probably shouldn't have worn sandals to the Labor Day tug o'war. Fun as it was, I never thought my straps would break."
"No kidding. I was picking dirt out of my flowers until I gave up and threw them in the trash."
"It was worth it though wasn't it?"
"Hell yeah! Watching Principal Harding fall flat on his face in the mud, I wish someone had taken a picture for the newspaper."
"Tight wad unravels dirt."
"Principal forgets rule number one: don't let go."
"We were lucky to have Jack on our team. I'm sure the girls would have been humiliated if it was them picking mud out of their teeth."
"Yeah. That's for sure. So, did you tell him what Jana said?"
I cringe at Jana's name. I was hoping she wouldn't bring it up. "No." I change the subject with, "so this guy, you didn't tell me his name."
Her grin fills the whole car. "Oh! Robert. He's thirty seven, never married, no kids but he wants a few."
"A few? How many is a few?"
"I don't know. I didn't want to scare him away by saying, "sooo, a few boys and a few girls? No thank you. I really like him."
"You've never said anything about kids before." This hits me completely out of the sidelines. Is it normal for a woman to never say 'I want a baby?' She was there for both of my babies when they were born, when we brought them home. She helped me figure out how to sponge bathe Lanie. "Do you want kids?"
She takes a deep breath and let's it back out slow enough to draw it on paper. Looking at me, she hesitates. I only catch a glimpse of her inner conflict before looking back at the road. "It's not that easy. You know I'm adopted, right."
"Yeah, of course. You can't keep a secret like that in a place outsiders are painted with a giant red O."
"And because I'm black."
"You're not black. But I can't deny you're definitely prettier than anyone else in town. And you're right. It's obvious you're not from around here." Her chuckle earns my attention. My eyes meet hers, we share a what are you gonna do shrug. 
She continues as I signal to enter the highway. "So the story goes, as far as my parents have shared, that Dad was in Australia for research and Mom went with him because, well that's pretty obvious. Who wouldn't jump on the boat to see another country when you've spent your whole life in this doghouse?" I don't tell her I would paddle a canoe solo and pretend I drowned to get out of this doghouse. 
"Being a soil scientist and all that soot, they went to the Torres Strait Islands."
"Why there? I mean isn't all of Australia an island?" That smart ass comment earned me a huff. She's so easy to rile. "Sorry, go on. I thought it was a valid question."
"Yeah, smart ass. I guess it was." And we agree I'm a smart ass. My inner smile is all smiles now. "I actually asked my dad that same question after he told me the whole story. It seemed too ironic that he would happen to be, out of all the islands in the strait, on that island. The magnitude of irony didn't take full effect until I looked at a map.
"To answer your question, there's no real reason why that island in particular, but the Strait is a great place to study effects from over-planting. Soil wise, like nutrients and runoff."
"That makes sense." As far as our local farmers believe, you can never learn too much about how to keep your soil rich and avoid run off. Our economy is almost completely dependent on harvesting wheat and corn. Gen's dad is the guy that makes that possible. 
"So they were out there, bright blue day, hot as a baked potato. My mom was with the other wives doing vacationing woman stuff like sunbathing or whatever. The group of researchers and my dad smelled smoke. They didn't question it for a while because it was getting close to dinner time, around four o'clock when the sun gets real hot." I know what she means. Every fall, I mistake the smell of my neighbors burning leaves for barbecue until I start burning leaves myself and it smells like barbecue.
"Dad didn't say how long it took them to realize it was a fire, but by the time they got there, it had spread through the entire village. I was the only survivor. Dad found me in a metal bucket. It had about an inch of water in it. Whoever put me in it wrapped me in a blanket first. Pretty smart if you ask me."
"Do you wonder if it was your birth mom?"
"Yeah. All the time. I try not to but Dad said it looked like whoever put me there spent a lot of time making sure I was safe. The bucket was shallow, but deep enough so I couldn't get out and far enough away from the house so I didn't die of smoke inhalation."
I can't help but wonder if her birth mother went back in the house to try to save Gen's brothers and sisters. She's staring out the window, the view of the bay as we drive over a bridge so much like what I imagine her birth home to be like. Water as blue as the sky, marsh grasses kissing the sand. Not that I would know, but I bet the water is clear enough to see your toes. Does she wish she was raised there? You can't miss something you never had, right?
She continues on, "Dad picked me up, soaking wet but warm from the fires all around us. They suspected foul play, a massacre. It was never proven. I did some research of my own after I heard the story. There were a lot of fights over land rights. An entire village going up in flames like that, it had to be intentional.
"He took me to my mom. The ladies cleaned me up, loved on me, and kept me safe. The men radioed in to the main island. When they got back, one of the researchers had a connection with some government official."
"You were probably pretty lucky your dad was respected."
"Yeah, definitely," she says, without hesitation. "But, you know, I feel guilty."
"Why?" Why would she feel guilty?
"Because Dad's dad, Grandpa Douglas, paid the price."
"You mean when he lost the re-election for Mayor? You can't blame yourself for that?"
"How can I not? If it wasn't for Dad bringing a black baby to town, he wouldn't have lost."
"You cannot be serious! You said it yourself, your dad made the choice to rescue you. Your mom must have agreed because they brought you home."
"Could you have walked away?"
"From you? No. No way! I've seen your baby pictures. I know all moms think their babies are the cutest in the world but you were definitely the cutest baby I've ever seen."
I look over to make sure she knows I'm dead serious. She's smiling again. I hope she knows I'm as serious as they come. Misplaced guilt is a bitch. I should know, I live with her. "Are you afraid to have kids?"
"What? No! I don't think so. Okay, maybe. What the hell, yes. I'm terrified. For all I know, my birth mother is the one that started that fire."
"You cannot be serious! That is the most irrational load of pigeon crap I've ever heard. Seriously, sometimes I wonder what the hell goes on inside your head. How could you logically come to a conclusion like that?" Maybe if I yell at her some more I could verbally beat that thought out of her head. That breaks my heart, rips it right down the middle. 
"Because I don't know, Laurel! That's the point, I don't know! I will never be able to conclude what happened or why I ended up living in the one place in the world that wants to tie me up and put a bow on my head. I can't bring myself to consider children knowing what I went through. My parents had to hide me. I had to be homeschooled because they were afraid I would have been tormented. They didn't want me to pay for their mistake and I can't imagine making someone else pay for mine!"
"Gen, you were not a mistake." This is killing me. Even knowing, all these years, this is what she had to deal with; I thought she was the strong one. 
"It's okay. What will be will be and all that nonsense."
"That’s not true. Where there's a will there's a way. If you want something bad enough, you can have it. You'll figure out a way. You met Robert online, where does he live?"
After merging into one of the open lanes for the main bridge, I check to see if his name brought back her normal giddiness. It did. She must really like this guy. "Philadelphia. He was born in some Podunk town in PA. He knows what it's like to want to be somewhere bigger." The thought of her leaving and moving away, marrying this Robert guy makes me want to hide in the trunk. But then I remember the conversation still floating around us and push on.
"And what does he do?" I sounded interested, right?
"He's a project manager. I understand some of what he's talking about when he starts blabbing about work site problems, thanks to my dad and his dirty lectures. Growing up, we all spent too much time at the creek. The difference between me and the rest of you is I had no one but the trees to keep me company. I know about different types of wood and stuff. I never thought boredom would make good conversation."
"You had Jack."
"Not exactly. He was at school with you all day. Then he was dating you all night. It's not like we were neighbors. We only saw each other when our dads got together. They would hunt or fish or fix something and my mom would teach us how to cook, for the most part. Sometimes our dads would teach us how to change a tire or some other man stuff I neither wanted nor needed to know. Let me tell you, knowing how to change a tire before you can drive is stupid. Like I was gonna get out of the backseat in the rain? Oh hell no. And if I could do it, so could my mom."
Pulling off the major highway onto a highway the same size, I take the exit into Annapolis. These people have no clue what goes on in our little dinky town. I drive whenever we escape. It offers me a little comfort knowing I chose to come back home. I try to ignore the voice screaming at me to turn around, head to California or Alaska. 
"Okay, we made great timing. Thirty minutes earlier than projected. Now I feel bad for not letting you stop to pee."
What?  "When did I ask to stop?"
 "Wow. And you wonder where my head goes? Girl, I'm pretty sure you don't live with your head." If only she knew. "I told you back at my house we couldn't stop."
"Oh. Yeah, I didn't catch that because you said it to your bedroom walls."
"Really? Huh, okay then. Can we get this house on wheels because I'm ready to play princess for a day?"
"Bus on a tour?" I goad her.
"Castle on a cloud." 
"Ship out to sea."
"If I was the little mermaid, which I'm not, but now I gotta pee and I'm hungry so come on!"
"If we eat first, we'll look fat in our dresses," I say.
"No, we will see how well our dresses hide our lunch. Or breakfast. Damn, now I'm really hungry!"
"Fine," I say. Pulling into the parking area of the Annapolis Mall. "It's nine fifteen. Most of these stores don't open until ten. We will get her highness breakfast and a bathroom but I'm telling you now, we do not have enough time for you to model every dress in the store."
"Fine." She agrees as we get out of the car. Both of us slamming our doors out of habit. The long drive is the reason we don't take off every time we both have a free day. Conversation has the potential to get stifling. 
-----@-----
I get home with five minutes to spare before the bus comes. The girls meet me at the trunk and help carry the rest of the bags in. I was lucky to be able to get most of our grocery list from Walmart. Peeping in the fridge, I see Jack didn't get milk and eggs. 
"Do you girls want to go with me to the grocery store?"
"Yes, please! Can we get Italian Ice?" Ruthie asks.
"Sure, if they have it."
"I wanna come. We need chips and you always get plain," Lanie says. That's because I like dip. Salt 'n vinegar and ranch do not work for me.
The one and only grocery store in town, Wegro Fresh, is located in the middle of town, next to the police station. Like apples and potatoes, it's stocked with local farm raised cows and pigs, with a few chickens and turkeys roaming around. 
I pull into the parking lot next to a woman loading her groceries. She ignores me, but her son is sitting in the cart waving to Lanie and Ruthie. I recognize her as Lynn from church, a girl who was ostracized by the town a couple years ago.
"Hey Lynn. Do you need some help?"
"Yeah, thanks. I appreciate it. He's getting to be a handful."
"What's his name?"
"Liam."
"Hi, Liam. I'm Laurel. It's very nice to meet you." I take his chunky hand in mine and show him how to shake hands. He giggles like it tickles. Still a tot at barely two. 
I remember hearing the rumors about false accusations in church. Looking at his dark red hair and ivy green eyes, I think there was more than a little basis. 
"He's absolutely beautiful, Lynn."
"Thank you. I mean it. I think you're the first person outside of my parents and the nurse to say that."
"I heard what happened. Does he know?"
"Yeah, I guess. I'm sure someone said something by now. It wouldn't matter though because he refuses to talk to me. Even if he fell out of the sky and landed on my doorstep, I'd probably leave him there. I mean, I've been doing this all on my own for almost two years, not including what I went through while I was pregnant. I didn't get that way myself, that's for sure. Last I heard he was living it up at Columbia."
"I'm sorry. I don't know what else to say. I guess it's better to have someone not around than be around and not help?" I really don't know how to make her feel better. 
"I'm lucky my parents didn't kick us to the curb. This town blames me. I'm glad these stuck up bastards are willing to still let my dad do their dry cleaning. I wouldn't have been surprised if they decided to drive two hours to avoid us."
Knowing my mom and how much she kisses up to the reverend, I can't believe she didn't take his side. Did she? "Have you considered filing for child support?"
"Honestly Laurel, I know you're trying to help, and I appreciate it, I really do. But you have Jack. Even when he’s is eighty he'll still be the best catch in town. I don't want to risk bringing up all the drama again. I can't risk it. My parents are hanging onto the edge of their sanity as it is. The best thing I can do is forget I ever met Liam's dad. One day he will ask. I have until that day to figure out the answer."
"I'm sorry, Lynn. I really am." I'm sorry she thinks I don't understand. 
"It's okay. I'll see you around. Maybe. Usually my mom comes shopping but she wasn't feeling well. It's probably better that I deal with the questions and looks anyway. Take care." Yeah, and I usually come in the mornings. 
"You, too. Bye Liam. Come on, girls let's go."
"Buh-bye," Liam says giving us a floppy wave. He really is precious. If his dad saw him, would he still be living it up at Columbia? One look at those chubby cheeks and I can't justify someone refusing to claim him. There's no way I could walk away from my girls to pursue my dream. Does his dad really know about him? Is it easier for dads to walk away? Did he walk away?
I'm thankful Lanie didn't know who we were talking about. I don't know how she would feel knowing her best friend's family abandoned their grandchild. For all I know, she does know. We all think people don't think we know our own secrets. If the whole town knows, regardless of whether it's denial or confirmation, Kristen is bound to know, 
That brings me back to being attracted to people who have something we need. Gen is the strength I crave. Until today, I thought she had it in trunk loads. Now I'm not so sure. I still think she's the strongest person I know. She definitely hides her insecurities and guilt better than the rest of us, misplaced or not. Right?
So what does Lanie have that Kristen wants? What do I have that Gen wants? Gen didn't choose me. Jack shared her with me. Does he think she has something to offer me? If he thinks we’re the same person, is he trying to shirk half his responsibility of being her friend on me?
"Momma, they have cherry, lemon and watermelon Italian ice. Which one should I get?" 
"Which one is your favorite?"
"Watermelon."
"Mine, too." Ruthie seems to agree, grabbing the watermelon out of the freezer. I couldn't resist. If they had strawberry, I would have picked that one. 
 "Okay, let's hurry it up. I don't want your ice melting." If I had been paying attention I would have made sure we hit the ice cream aisle last. Now I have to double time it picking out meat for the week. Gen is right. I don't live with my head. Maybe that's what she wants from me?
Lanie and Ruthie are looking at the magazine rack at the checkout counter while I unload the cart. They know not to ask for anything. I'd rather them read crappy magazines than toss items randomly on the belt. I prefer my toilet paper without steak. 
I don't mind this checkout girl. Her parents own Wegro's. She's been working here since she was tall enough to stock shelves. I like her. I like anyone that can do their job.
She's another one that was labeled with a big red 'O'. Her parents owning the grocery store got her a big fat free pass. The first and second time. The first time, she got pregnant at sixteen, all by herself, like Lynn, of course. The father was not interested in being a dad. I know that one chose to walk away. He didn't walk far. 
The second time, she must have been covering for Jana while she was on vacation. The father of that baby was very married. Every time I see her, I'm reminded everything and nothing is impossible. The father stayed with his wife, but he could have easily chosen a twenty year old instead. She may have had a child already, but so did he. And a forty year old wife. 
"Hey, Laurel, how's it goin'?"
"Busy. How are your parents? I haven't seen them around lately," I say.
"Oh, they're good. Been tryin' to recruit some more farmers. They're talking about adding fresh herbs and organics. Local, of course, but customers have been askin. Dad doesn't want to risk people hearin' organic is better before he can figure out how to get some."
"Wow. Organic in Cedar Creek. Who would have thought?"
"I know, right? From what I hear, people won't be happy when they find out how much it costs. That's what mom and dad are out doin' now. Tryin' to find someone to do one of those chopper programs. They've been meetin' with any farmer willin' to listen. I know it's important but it puts a hole in my hours cause mom and dad babysit while I work."
"That must be difficult. I hope they get it all figured out soon. And I'm sure they will. Someone is bound to want to be known as the farmer who cares enough to grow organic."
"I hear it might not be that easy. There's all kinds of government regulations. I tried to tell Dad you can't make everyone happy."
"That is true."
"$78.52"
I hand her my card, the one to our joint checking account I've never contributed a dollar to. Using it makes me physically ill. Jack is wrong; we're not the same person. 
"Come on girls, let's go." I disrupt their whispers and bent heads as I grab the receipt. 
Just as I turn to leave, girls in tow, the cashier says, "Oh, tell Jack I said 'hi and thank you' for walkin' us home the other night. The boys get nervous when it's dark out."
 "Sure," I say without thinking. The smile I attempted never made it. The other night? I'm sure it was nothing, right? The girls help me load the car, without complaint. At least something is simple today. I'm not sure how much reassuring I have left. Giving this town hope is exhausting.
-----@-----
 "I gotta go," Jack says. "Tell the girls I said good night."
"Will do." It's Tuesday, the last end of his three to eleven run before the eleven to seven kicks off. I don't really have a preference for either. He's always missing something. 
As the front door closes, I put down the book I was reading and pick up my laptop. I always feel like I'm doing something naughty when I log on to the World Wide Web. I just know there's gonna be a check point; "can I see your passport ma'am."
I usually scan the entry for 'Cedar Creek, Maryland' on Wikipedia Monday mornings. The high school kids consider it a game the town council doesn't know their playing. They upload unofficial fun facts and barely factual history. It's a competition to see who can put it up and take it down the fastest. 
A quick search entry reveals what I expected, 'if you have information, please upload'. I back up to my browser and type in 'Torres Island Massacre'. No results. Someone who didn't live in this town may believe 'no results' means it didn't happen. 
So far, two for two. My boredom gets the best of me. Hope swirls in my belly. With shaking hands, I type 'online schools'. Finally, results. I pick the first one, based on the other side of the country. I click degree programs, remembering my high school chemistry teacher. With a quick perusal, disappointment lingers. I can't do science experiments online. What was I thinking?
I notice a couple other programs I may be able to squirm interest. The next stop is cost. A glance and a shriek later, I contemplate the possibility of squandering the funds from the cracker budget. A few deep breaths and a mental go me talk later, I click 'how to apply.'
Must have high school diploma or GED. Okay, did that. Must have at least fifteen credits. What? I need college credits to go to college? Is this a real college or are they just collecting credits? I refuse to have a freak attack yet. Something isn't right here. I wanna know why. 
I open a new browser and type 'how to get college credit'. How to for kindergarteners would be the most appropriate option. Let us see. 'College credits may be given for seminars, work study and AP classes.' Yes! I did that, too!
I back up, clear the entry line and type 'how to get college credit for AP classes'. The advanced placement option has its own website. This I trust. Reading on, I only had twelve months after graduation to take the test. That swirling hope drops dead at me feet.
Okay, don't cry. Don't cry, Laurel. Where there's a will there's a way. I go back to that screen that says how to get college credits. Seminars. We don't have seminars here. Those are college classes. We don't even have a community college. Jack had to go to Annapolis for the police academy. 
Work study. I've never had a real job. I'm pretty sure they mean an internship. That requires you to be in college, almost graduated. I don't want to go to college just to get a job. I want to learn. I want someone to help me see the world better, to make me understand the whys and the how’s. Knowledge is freedom. 
I should be lucky we have internet and cable, but I'm not. Having information doesn't give you opportunity; it caws in your face. If I had gone to community college with Jack, I could have had fifteen credits. I could have been sitting here learning online courses for the past five years. Before then, we had to dial into the library to get information. But by now, I could have had a degree! Something I could be proud of, something all me.
The ringing of the house phone rips my attention. Slamming the laptop, I remind myself I'm grateful for this interruption. On the third ring ring, I answer with "hello" as jolly as possible.
"Laurel sweetie, it's Carmela. Damian came home a few minutes ago and said Jack was working tonight. Do you wanna bring the girls over and keep us company for dinner? I was thinking about making enchiladas."
My mother in law. The sweetest woman ever. "Carmela, you do not have to bribe us. We would love to. I'd eat chopped sushi just to be with you. What time?"
 "Six thirty? That should give the girls enough time to do homework, right? And I know Damian was looking forward to something on TV. I like my dinner companions relaxed. Don't worry about falling asleep, I always provide the entertainment."
I can't help the chuckle that slips. "Yes, you do." She's the good kind of crazy. "Do you need us to bring anything?"
"Nope. Not unless it fits in a chair! See you soon, love!" She hangs up before I can respond. I found out early on asking her if she needs something is the quickest way to get rid of her. It's a bad habit I haven't been able to break. 
The girls rush into the living room as I'm hanging up the phone. "Is dad still here?" Ruthie asks.
"No, babe, he left already. What did you need?"
"We're having career day at school. I was gonna ask. You know they expect him to come." Right, because I don't have a job. It's not her fault. Or the schools fault. 
"We're having one, too. On the same day. I think they thought it would be easier for people to take off the whole day instead of having to do it twice. I hope dad has off that day," Lanie says. Or if two parents had careers to brag about. They could both take off work; maybe grab lunch at the little cafe together. Nice dream.
"What day?"
"Monday." Wow, how is anyone supposed to get that day off on short notice? These people work, what's their excuse for not knowing it's the most important day of the week? All those holidays have them confusing Mondays for Fridays.
Hmm. Let's see. Two mids, two lates. That's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, off Friday and Saturday. So, early Sunday and Monday. "We're having dinner with Chief and Nonna tonight. We'll see what Dad's working." His schedule rarely ends up being what it's supposed to. But usually, he ends up having to work more, not less. No need to stress them out now, the town would have his boss' head on a flag pole, dad or not. 
"Yes!" they both say. "What time?" Lanie adds.
"Six thirty. Grab a snack and get your homework done, please?"
"Yes, mom,” again, in unison. It doesn't hold the depressive air they're known for. The effort is an ice pack to my boiling agitation. My girls are my constant. The arguments might be the same, the problems never get resolved, but these two always come home for dinner. They always call me if they get sick; they tell me when they can't sleep. Even if I can't fix it, it's real and it matters.
 

Chapter 6



Carmela and Damian live in town, like us, but closer to my parents. It's not ideal, but it works because she doesn't take crap from my mom; she learned after the prom debacle. And Damian likes to be close to work. It's hard to be too far from the police station, being in the middle of town. And we're thankful for that. Or we would be if there was any crime to fight. 
For the most part, drunks and lost teens buy the officers new plastic chairs. Occasionally, they get a call for a domestic disturbance or kids stealing candy from kids. A couple years ago, a thirteen year old was chasing parents with a chain saw. It was Halloween. We get bored. You always have that one parent that can't find humor. 
In the car again, Lanie is teaching Ruthie some song she learned on the bus today. Awe! It really is sweet when they get along. This is normal behavior for going to Jack's parent’s house. They use the five minute trip to get in the spirit.
We pull up in their driveway. A light blue colonial with dark blue shutters. Jack's dad is one of those with the times men. He added solar pathway lights last year and he's thinking about a carport. Gotta love him. He's just busy. The man is going to work himself into early retirement.
Carmela, better known as Nonna, greets us at the car. She has the backdoor open before I can get my seatbelt off. "Hugs and kisses my grandest babies," she says, pulling them out and smothering them with just that.
"Uh, okay Nonna, leave some for when we leave," Lanie says. 
"Yeah, I gotta save a piece of cheek for Chief," Ruthie says. Lanie spent so much time at the station when she was a baby, she thought that was his name. He said he never cared for it until she said it. 
They run up the lawn as Carmela grabs me for a hug. Being in her arms reminds me of Ruthie. Jack's mom physically resembles mine: blonde hair, brown eyes and short. But they are nothing, short of nothing, alike in any other way. 
She has curls you could curl up in and take a nap. Jack and Ruthie are blessed (in my opinion) or cursed (in theirs) in that regard. The mocha color is a genetic anomaly, a blend of her blonde and his dad's Greek black.
Carmela's Gentleman Jack eyes invite you to come in and stay for the weekend. My mom's threaten you to step foot on the property. There are no other siblings to attest Immaculate Conception.  
Entering the house, we shed our shoes in the foyer; toeing them off next to Lanie's, Ruthie's and Chief's mud caked boots. His pristine black work shoes are properly stored in a closet. In this house, there is a distinct line between man and officer. When he's home, Carmela reminds him they are partners. She's the only one that calls him by his given name.
I fell in love with these two at first goodbye. I knew I had to come back. Carmela is not your typical mother in law. She is too busy doing her stuff to be checking my clean clothes for stains. I could have shown up wearing spaghetti on my face and she would lick it off, maybe offer me a breadstick. 
"I made an aged cheddar quesadilla for an appetizer you just have to try. Homemade guacamole with lettuce, the way you like it," she says, leading me into the kitchen. She takes a seat at the island and uncovers a salsa themed tray with toasted triangles and chunky green dip. Two frozen margaritas mark our spots.
"I told you, you don't have to spoil me," I say while reaching for a slice. She knows I love international foods. She may be pure Italian, but she loves to recognize culture flowing through our veins and any others. Her husband gets spoiled with her love creations. He will never have a problem finding his roots, or anyone else's with her around. "Where did you get avocados?" 
"My wonderful sister, straight off the tree in California. And you know I love any excuse to show I can perfect a basic dish. Just ask the girls what they thought of the Cajun nuggets they had last time they were here."
"I heard. Ruthie said, 'tasted like N'orleans in my mouth Momma'. At first, I didn't know how she knew what New Orleans tasted like. Then I decided to take her word for it because I don't think any city would necessarily taste good. At least it wasn't New York City."
"My, ain't that the truth. The last time we went it was trash night." I wash down that visual with a sip of lime, bursting with salt and sugar.
"So, what else have you been up to?" She never tells me what it is that keeps her so occupied. I would love to demand her secret recipe for kookiness. 
"Well, let's see. I finished a baby blanket for the girl down the street. We've been busy this week planning the 'Boys in Blue'. Have you thought anymore about joining the wives club? Yes, I know, I ask you every year. I would love to have you."
I sigh. I can't help it. It's not frustration towards her. It's Jack's career in general. Every time he walks out the door to go to work, I'm reminded that I don't have a purpose.
 "Hey, I didn't mean to make you dwell on it. I know you have your reasons. Just because I'm selfish to want you there doesn't mean I don't know you have to choose to be there. It's not about supporting Jack. It's about needing the other wives." 
"What do they think about me not being there?" Oh, wow. Where did that come from? Please don't answer. 
"They don't. It's not about them and they know it. The wives that join us, they can't sleep at night. Most come days before their husbands are sworn in. You not being there makes them think they aren't cut out to be an officer's wife."
 "Isn't that irrational? We don't have crime in our town. The belief that being a cop is dangerous is something TV wants us to believe."
"Laurel, honey, if that's what you think, if that's what makes you sleep at night, then I want nothing more than to let you believe it. But the truth is, our husbands carry guns to work for a reason."
I'm stunned into silence. I just can't. I pled the Gen on that the day Jack was pinned. 'What will be, will be'. He made his choice. I went along for the ride, not as his prisoner. I refused to let his gun scare me. Stealing the cherry from my drink, I pop it in my mouth and chew on that for a moment. She goes back to nibbling and dipping. 
"I'm gonna check on the girls and say hi to Chief."
"Sweetheart, I didn't mean to upset you. I can tell you're doubting yourself and that was not my intention. I wanted to give you insight on what the rest of us see. You, sweet girl, are stronger than us. And that's okay."
But I'm not. I absolutely am not. I give her a weak smile anyway. Her faith in me, that's what keeps me believing I'm strong enough to sleep at night. She has a husband and a son, the only people she has, to share with our town. I only have one, albeit the one that brings home the bacon. She's been cooking it a lot longer than I have. For some insane reason, this woman chose to trust me to love her son. I wish I knew who was more deluded.
I abandon her and leave her to the yummy treats she worked so hard on. I don't deserve her kindness. Creeping through the house, feeling like a stranger in all its warmth and comfort, I find my girls cuddled up with Jack's dad, watching the evening news. I walk in, trying for unnoticed, and plop down next to Ruthie, squishing them closer together.
"Hey Momma bear, how's it growling?" That's the nickname he bestowed on me when Lanie decided I was "momma". 
"That it is, Chief. What's new on the news?"
"Oh, you know same old same old. It might rain tomorrow, the sun will probably shine and people will complain."
"How's the stock market?"
"Uncertain. But certainly headed for a crash."
"And the world news?"
"Oh, it's definitely going to end."
"Why do we let kids watch this stuff?"
"So they know life isn't all butterflies and rainbows. And if they hear the weatherman say it's gonna be beautiful tomorrow and it rains, they know we weren't the ones that lied." He's got a point there. "The girls said career day is Monday."
"Yeah, I know he's scheduled for the early shift."
"It's not a problem. He'll be in uniform anyway."
"Thanks, Chief, I know they both look forward to it every year."
"All the kids do. Though I'm sure the teachers enjoy it as much as the kids."
Don't I know it? That's his kind way of saying Jack is the most lusted after man in town. The men want to be him and the women just want him. I don't let it bother me. His parents find it amusing. The girls love the attention. For me, it's an ice bath in the middle of winter. It's a notification for an unwanted appointment. I avoid going into town, knowing those people are trying to get close to me to get close to my husband. I want so badly to scream "just take him!" 
I feel guilty for having thoughts like these surrounded by people who think he hung the clock on the courthouse. The news ends and all three of them get up and leave me sitting here. I don't blame them, if I hadn't been snacking a minute ago, I'd be out there begging, too. 
I take a few minutes to look at the timeline of Jack's parents, Jack, and all of us on the mantel and scattered on the walls. It feels good to be wanted, approved of. My mom doesn't like to advertise her family. I didn't mind so much when it was my permanent address. No one wants to look at people they live with all day. At least, that's what I told myself.
Jack's parents were born to love each other, and others. They welcome everyone into their inner circle. I learned from my mom, I slam the door in everyone's faces. I don't want other people’s problems. No one is going to fix mine, why should I put my effort in there's? It works, in the privacy of my own home. Then I go out in town and people think because I'm married to someone who gets involved that automatically means I do.
My mother is the opposite. She gets in the middle of everyone else, but God help the one that tries to help her. She doesn't need help. She's beyond fixing. I'm starting to think I am, too. 
With one last look at the innocent faces, I head back to reality. I'm a tornado looking for that one person hiding in the bathtub. These people, they have no idea who I really am. They don't know I would have walked away from Jack and never looked back. 
 "There you are," Chief says as I enter the dining room. "I thought you fell asleep on us."
"She was taking advantage of the peace and quiet Damian. Let her be. Moms need a break, too," Carmela says as she places steaming enchiladas on the table. He follows her back into the kitchen.
"Momma, Chief said Dad can come to career day Monday," Ruthie adds. Hmm. Maybe kids don't listen to adults. I didn't think we were speaking in code.
"Yeah, babe, and the best part? We don't have to ask him or remind him because he'll be working," I tell her.
 "That is so cool! Is he gonna bring his gun?" Lanie asks.
"Uh no. Guns aren't allowed in school," Chief says, setting down a pot of red sauce. "What do you girls want to drink?"
"Chocolate milk," they both say. 
With smothered sauce? Yuck! I'm thankful my margarita is sitting in front of my plate. "It's not like you girls have never seen it. It comes home with him."
"Yeah, Momma, but he doesn't let us see it. He says we’re too young," Ruthie says, as she takes her seat.
"Definitely too young. When you're older, I will be more than happy to teach you how to shoot. When you're Momma says its okay and not a day before," Chief says, while serving Ruthie.
I love how he makes it my decision. I would have thought that would be Jack's thing. I wink at him; hopefully he knows that meant a lot to me. I don't have an opinion on girls and guns. Or people and guns, in general. I live with one. Well, two. One is locked, the other where the girls can't reach.
We gave them the 'don't touch this' safety lecture when they were old enough to possibly reach Jack's on duty weapon. He has to keep it handy. I was a nervous wreck, thinking all it would take was a chair. 
Fortunately for us, the girls don't get into stuff. They don't go through his office or use our bathroom without permission. Honestly, I forgot to worry about the girls getting curious. I gotta remember to tell him; it's our job to protect them.
"Chief, you're coming to the play Thursday night, right?" Ruthie asks hesitantly, focusing on getting her enchilada on her fork.
"You betcha. Nothing could stop me. That's what's so great about being the Chief. As long as it's on public property, I can be there and people think I'm just keeping you safe."
"I like when you keep me safe. I wish you could go to school with me every day."
Oh, no. Crap, I forgot about that kid that hit her. Shit! "Carmela, did you find a dress for the 'Boys in Blue'?" I throw in. Thankfully, Ruthie and Lanie both were too busy chewing to start spewing out sensitive information at the dinner table. 
Chief would lose his menudo if he found out about that. And he'd be demanding to know why I didn't say anything. They don't know Jack and I have communication issues. I could never tell them their perfect baby boy lives in a noose.
 "Oh yeah, I did. I thought I was going to have to buy one until I remembered the sexy number I got in St. Thomas last Christmas. You know the one I'm talking about Damien, the red one I wore our last night there," she says, looking at her husband suggestively.
Oh. My. A peek at the girls confirms they're struggling just as much as me to not start rolling under the table. My mother in law is a very attractive woman, but the way these two are googly eyeing each other, we do not want to know.
 She stops flirting with her husband to ask me, "Did you find one Laurel?" 
 "I did. I went with silver."
"Ooh. I bet that's gonna be stunning with your blue eyes and black hair."
"I hope so. You know how it is." Cringe.
"Sweetie, you have nothing to worry about. You could show up wearing a leotard and bowling shoes and still be the most beautiful woman there," Carmela says in an attempt to assure me. I shake my head and chuckle at the image. 
I wonder if Jack would think that was pretty enough for him. His comment did bother me. If he pities me, one would think he'd have the kudos to ask me why I don't make an attempt to pretty myself more often.
"You could show up wearing Chief's long underwear and an a-shirt with his muddy boots and still be prettier than any other woman there," I say. The girls appear to be focusing too hard on trying to figure out what we're talking about. At that age, beauty is simple. Slap on a tiara with your pjs and you're a princess.
"I will pay money to see that. Name your price. A closet full of new dresses?" Chief offers.
"You two have officially entered my world. I would say you're on, but I have my heart set on that red dress. Any other time, you got it!" And I don't doubt it. Chief looks cross between scared and intrigued.
"How come we don't get to go?" Ruthie asks.
"Oh sweetheart, it's a night for the police officers to bring one special person on a date. I'm sure Chief would rather bring you but if he left me at home, I probably wouldn't cook him dinner for a month," Carmela says.  "But we have the picnic coming up. All the kids go to that."
"Do any kids go to the dressy dance?" 
"No. It's just big people. We get dressed up and then we sit there and talk about what everyone's wearing." So true. But Carmela has the decency to talk about how beautiful everyone looks. Police officers are still people and their wives are worse.
I pick up my plate and Lanie's, taking them to the kitchen. I don't know why I feel so off key tonight. Jack usually comes with us but he doesn't contribute to the conversation. He's the rubber plant that sits in the corner. It makes me crazy. 
I know it wasn't always like that. He used to be full of life. We were never like his parents. We didn't flow like them, every day a different dance. Once upon a time, we liked each other. He used to always be happy to see me. Do his parents see the difference? 
Chief comes in to the kitchen to find me staring at the refrigerator. "Did you get enough to eat?" That's what I'm talking about. Why can't my husband care enough to care? He had this man for a model growing up.
"Yeah, thanks."
"You okay?"
I don't know what to say. I feel like I'm stuck in a blender. If I ask him to shut it off, he'll... What? What would he say if I told him...Anything? 
I can't say anything. I don't know how to respond. If I close my eyes, and listen to his voice, I can convince myself he's Jack, talking to me in a voice full of love and concern. This man cares, but only because I was thrust into his life. Did he choose me? Would he choose me again if offered the choice?
He's still standing behind me. I can't stop looking at their collection of magnets. Hawaii, Alaska, Greece and yep, St. Martens. I feel trapped. I'll never see these places. There's no guarantee Jack will take over when his dad retires. Highly reasonable, yes. But there are no guarantees in life. I'm proof of that. 
Carmela comes in and I still can't move. I can't answer. The way those two are, they aced silent communication. 
"Laurel, honey, you would tell me if I upset you, right?" she asks. 
No, I wouldn't, but I answer her honestly. "You could never upset me Carmela. I know you always have the best intentions."
"You can't deny something is wrong. Spill. We love you," Chief says.
I turn in time to catch some voiceless message passed between them. Unfortunately, I don't speak their language. Slipping my hands in my back pockets and leaning against the counter, I focus on achieving a look of relaxation.
"I don't know what's wrong. I've just been feeling... Empty lately." That's the best I can offer.
"Did you talk to Jack?" Chief asks.
"No, I don't want to bother him. He has so much to worry about as it is."
"Nothing is more important than you, honey. I get like that, too. Sometimes, Damian gets so busy at work and I get missing him so much," she rubs just below her chest, "I feel like someone cut out my diaphragm. And the only thing that helps is to have him hold me for a really long time."
I can't remember the last time Jack held more than my hand at church. I used to lay awake at night waiting for him to come to bed. He'd think I was asleep when he finally did. I waited to see if he would ever try to hold me thinking I wouldn't notice. He didn't. His soft snores would drown out the sounds of me crying myself to sleep. 
"Where are the girls?"
"Watching TV. Some program they didn't want to miss. You have about twenty minutes before they're ready to go. Talk. The alternative is I call Jack at the station and tattle that something is bothering you. Don't make me do that," Chief says.
Inspecting the kitchen tile for crumbs, I decide I have no choice. I have to give them something. "I think, maybe, I did something to upset Jack but I don't know what. He hasn't said anything."
"Honey, what would give you that impression?" Carmela says.
 "It's a feeling. Like something is bothering him."
"I know he's stressed out about work. It took me a long time to figure out how to reassure Carmela my work struggles had nothing to do with her."
"And it took me a long time to understand it was something he needed me to help him notice. If you don't tell him his stress is affecting you, he most likely will be fine and content keeping it bottled up."
"How long?"
"As long as you let it," Carmela says.
This doesn't make me feel better. It doesn't tell me how to deal with his permanent distance. I know why I've withdrawn. What is he blaming me for? 
 "Laurel, you gotta have faith in your marriage. You gotta believe that no matter what happens, it will work out. Don't let anything come between you and your husband. As long as you stay committed to making him your number one priority, everything will be okay. 
"Love him, because no one will ever be able to love him like you do. Not me, not chief, not even the girls. I couldn't have hand picked a better woman for him if I tried. But I did pick you. I will pick you everyday because he is lucky to have you." 
They both give me hugs of equal strength before leaving me alone to continue my inspection of the tile. I'm a fraud. There's no other explanation. I've deceived these two completely lovable creatures for fifteen years. 
The girls find me in the kitchen. I never noticed, but Carmela hands me a plate for Jack. I didn't think about bringing him food, just like I accused him of not doing for me. If I laid all      my fears and insecurities on her pristine tile floor, would she have the foresight to pick them up for me?
Jack's lucky to have you. 
I think about her words all the way home, doubly as I pass the police station. They haunt me all the way through the girls getting ready for bed, especially during their usual I want my own room screaming fits that Jack is hardly ever home for. I hear Carmela's voice as I'm kissing them goodnight. And this time, I say, "Dad said to tell you goodnight."
I think about them while I'm sitting on the back porch with a cup of lukewarm tea forgotten in my grip. Looking out the backyard, in the calm, cool night, I think about the day we planted the weeping willow. I never thought something that gave me so much joy as a child would represent pain as an adult. 
And when I go to bed, I lay there staring out the bedroom window, the moon demanding I call her right at this moment and tell her, I don't know about that. 
But instead, I lay in bed thinking about all the times I've laid in bed listening to the sounds of Jack downstairs.  I wait, thinking, until I hear the sound of the front door opening and closing, the locks engaged. 
I lay awake and wait while he heats up the leftover enchiladas. I hear the television in the living room click on. After a while, it clicks off. I listen to his footsteps as he climbs the steps. The bedroom door I left open closes. 
As he takes a shower in our attached bedroom, I wait. When he crawls into bed, I lay there, waiting, thinking but not pretending to be asleep. And when his breathing finally deepens, I roll up next to him. I wrap my arms under his and crawl on top of his big strong body. I tuck my head under his chin and I hold him. Not for me, but for the girls and his mom. Within minutes, I fall asleep listening to his soft snores, no longer thinking, my tears collecting and drying without him knowing.
 

Chapter 7



“Do you wanna go to Dahlia’s?” Jack asks me. "I need to stop by the hardware store for a lawnmower blade."
 The girls are at school; he doesn’t go to work until tonight. When I went outside to get the newspaper, I couldn’t believe how warm it was at seven a.m. I also noticed how barren the front yard looked compared to the back. Last year, I planted annuals: geraniums, red and yellow peppers, Angel’s trumpet, and African marigolds.  This morning, I was thinking I might want something a little more permanent. 
"Yeah, give me ten minutes," I tell him.
“Alright, I’ll be outside."
I run upstairs, donning my yard work clothes. They aren’t that much different from my normal clothes, except all black, cutting out the potential for the color I’m wearing to impact the colors I choose. I prefer sweats and capris, t-shirts, tank tops, anything that doesn’t get in my way of bending and stretching. Adding grass stained tennis shoes to establish mood and pulling my hair in a ponytail, I’m out the door. 
Jack's in the driver’s seat of my car. The town doesn’t mind him using their car to transport mulch; they have a problem with even the tiniest speck left behind. 
Dahlia’s is technically a farm. They grow landscaping supplies for local use- flowers, shrubs, trees, a few acres of sod. Her store is just outside of town, the last right before my parents. Her husband is the farmer, she’s the seller. I come see her when I need a little bit of the puzzle. For years, I told myself there had to be some way for me to have my girls, my happiness and Jack. I haven’t found it. Dahlia has, and it shows in her seedlings. 
“Do you know what you’re looking for?” Jack asks.
“Roses,” I say.
“Like in a bush or what?” He’s not being a smartass. 
“I’m not sure. The front yard looks cold. I guess whatever is easier for you to trim around.”
“It’s up to you. I know how to use a weed whacker. I have gloves. I can make it work. You could put some along the sidewalk, against the house between the conifers. I was thinking about putting a hydrangea next to the front steps like Mom has.”
“I love that bush."
“I was looking up color varieties online at work last night. Did you know there’s a shrub called ‘mountain-laurel’?”
“No, never heard of it. What does it look like?” I ask.
"It's light pink to red. Closed, it looks like a folded umbrella. Open, a morning glory. I’m pretty sure it grows rampant in the woods.”
“Huh. What color were you thinking for the hydrangea?”
“I wasn’t really. What color roses are you feeling?” he asks.
“I’m not. Aren’t we a pair? Maybe it’s a good thing we can see samples at Dahlia’s.”
Looking over at me, he says, “yeah.”
Dahlia is in the midst of her morning watering when we pull into the clam shell parking lot. A few other customers are milling about, mostly contractors from the looks of their trucks. She spots us strolling up and smiles.
“Jack! What a pleasant surprise. Your mother was here yesterday picking up trees for her back deck.”
“It’s nice to see you, too, Dahlia. I brought Laurel with me. She wants to look at roses. And we’re interested in a hydrangea. “
“Sure thing, come with me and I’ll get you straightened out.”
It does not escape my attention that she never acknowledged me. I’m okay with that. Invisible, I can work with. They leave me at the overflowing display of regular and hybrid colors to choose from. I’m thinking red. I want something simple, classic. I walk back outside the open pavilion style nursery and grab a flat trolley. After loading up eight of the foot high bouquets, I take my time admiring the annuals I decided to abandon. The geraniums are pleading, begging me to truss up a few window boxes. I almost give in to their promises to remain fat and full, until I remember I don’t want anything interrupting my view. 
Jack is still with Dahlia by the hydrangeas. I wobble my cart over, stashing it far enough away to stay out of reach. Jack hands me a plant as I approach and a full smile in blessing. “Dahlia has mountain-laurel in stock. They come mostly pink or mostly white. I grabbed this one to show you.”
I can’t help the smile I give it in return. I can tell it will one day be a small tree. The limbs are strong, flexible and the blossoms can protect themselves. Even at this age, it knows how to keep the pollen safe. The white color he chose is perfect; the contrast forcing the pink details to radiate against the background. “I love it. Did you pick a hydrangea yet?”
“No, you got red, right?” He asks, looking in the direction of the trolley.
“Yeah, so are we stuck with pink or white?” 
He shakes his head and chuckles. “As much as I love my mom’s blue, yeah okay. Would you prefer pink or white?”
“We have purple, too. And some come with a variety on the same bush,” Dahlia says.
We look at each other, neither of us quite pulling off the frown we probably intended. Both of our smiles appear, turning into laughs. Shaking our heads, we agree anyway. The multicolored bush it is. We choose a surprise bloom and decide, for today, what will be, will be. 
Dahlia likes to talk about adding mulch, stones, pavers and other trimming paraphernalia to her inventory. She talks and we listen. We decided to mulch our new bushes. The hardware store is on the south end, almost directly across from the nursery. We pull off Front Street and park in front of the one story brick building. Joe’s been running the hardware store since our dads were kids. Jack gets out before me. I’m convinced he’s excited to get mulching, until I get out and see he’s talking to one of the guys from work a few spaces over. 
It's Wednesday, so I head into the video store next door. Adam, a guy I went to school with, bought it a few years ago. He had worked here from the time he was able to.  The previous owners retired. It was a quick and quiet sale.
“Hey, Laurel!” 
“Adam. How’s business.”
“Movie-ing along.” Half laughing, I walk over to the new releases. He doesn’t bother me like a lot of people do. He’s there if you need him. After checking all twenty actually new and sixty listed as new, but a couple years old, I make sure Jack returned the copy of ‘Weekend at Bernie’s’ he rented.
“Hey Adam, can I make sure we don’t have any rentals outstanding?”
“Yeah, sure,” he says, clicking around on the monitor in front of him. “I’m showing one rental on Friday wasn’t returned.”
“Okay, thanks. I didn’t want to go looking for something if it was here. I’ll get that back to you later today.”
“No problem. If it was a newer movie, it would be a different story. But you get five days on the regular rentals. You’re only one day late.”
“Okay. I didn’t know that. I mean, that’s great!” Whatever, I have to get out of here. I tell him I’ll see him later and walk out, dazed. I have no idea what made me check, but this is not like Jack. We didn’t know we had five days because we only rent movies when we intend to watch them and return them when we’re done. Who watches the same movie you’ve already seen for five days straight? 
I find Jack outside, still talking. Not wanting to get involved, I decide to look at mulch. 
“Laurel. Good morning. What can I help you with today?” Joe asks from behind the counter. 
“I’m not sure. Jack is outside, but we need mulch and a lawnmower blade.”
“Sure thing. I can grab that blade for you and show you where the mulch is. I did some work on your mower last fall. I know what you need. But mulch is a personal choice,” he says.
“I appreciate it. We picked up some roses. Do you happen to know if I need to do anything special when I plant them? I didn’t think to ask Dahlia.”
“Hmm. You know, contrary to what people think, with their petals being all delicate, roses grow like weeds. You won’t have anything to worry about getting them to start. But once they grow, you’re gonna need to keep your eye on them. I don’t think it’s possible to over prune a rose bush. It may not be pretty.  And in the fall, if you want more somewhere else, just cut a limb off and stick it in the ground.”
“Huh. Okay, thanks.” He leads me to the mulch and leaves me there staring at different kinds of wood chips mixed with different kinds of dirt. I pretend like I’m interested, until shortly after Joe brings me the mower blade, and Jack finally finds me. 
“So, what did you decide?” he asks.
“I don’t know the first thing about mulch. Do you know how much we need?”
“Eight rose bushes, right?”
“Yep. I guess six along the sidewalk, three on each side with two against the house?”
“Sure. We can keep them trimmed. Maybe it will keep stray animals away?” Is he laughing at me? I honestly don’t care if people get stabbed coming to my front door. 
“Okay, I don’t want the kids getting hurt. We have to leave the pathway from the front door to the driveway clear.”
“That’s where I was thinking the hydrangea should go. The other two rose bushes can go on the other side where people aren’t supposed to walk,” he says.
“Aren’t we supposed to plant them in the backyard so people don’t steal them?”
“No, I think we’re supposed to teach our neighbors its okay to look but not touch. Besides, our crime rate would have to be astronomical before the residents started stealing from the police.” 
“Okay, let’s get this mulch and get out of here. I’ll grab a cart. You calculate,” I say, sneaking off to find another trolley.
We load up our purchases, say goodbye to Joe and thank him for helping us, and we’re on our way home. Until…
“Would you like to stop and have lunch?” Jack asks. I am pretty hungry. I check the clock above the radio, twelve fifteen. How did it get so late already? We left at nine this morning. 
“Yeah, thanks. I didn’t realize it was so late already.”
“You don’t have to thank me for asking you to have lunch with me.” I don’t say anything else. What am I supposed to say to that? Then why doesn’t he ask more often? Does he feel like he owes me because I serve his meals at home? 
The cafe, as we call it during the day, slash restaurant, as it’s called at night, is between his work and the grocery store. It would make more sense to drive a little further to eat at home but we haven't been out to town together in ages, nevertheless to enjoy a meal without the kids I don't have to clean up. 
Cafe du Us is a weird place. They tried for a cross between corporate coffee shop/sandwich shop with home style cooking and ended up more like a truck stop. The back part is a formal dining area only open after four in the afternoon. We have a lot of older folks who like to be in bed before the evening news.
Jack parks the car and I half expect him to say he needs to stop in and see Chief or let's go to Chuck's instead. He doesn't. He opens the door and I know immediately, the soup of the day is clam chowder. 
"Hey Jack! I haven't seen you in a minute," the hostess says.
"I guess not. Laurel and I need a booth please."
"Sure, hon, right this way." She grabs two menus and leads us to the first empty booth, three away from the door. I take a seat noticing I have a perfect view of the chef in the open kitchen. All the stools at the counter are occupied, a few officers in uniform among them.
Jack doesn't go over to say hi. He doesn't open his menu either. I feel like a tourist the longer it takes me to decide. The waitress approaches us with, "hey Jack. How you doin'? You have off today?"
"No. Not that lucky. Can I get BLT extra crispy? Iced Tea."
"Pickle on the side? Mayo? Onion rings? And unsweetened?" she says.
"Uh, yeah. Thanks." She knows my husbands order? How often does he come here? 
I'm trying to calm myself down. I want to throw the menu at him and storm out screaming ' then what the hell do you need me for!' But I don't, because I can't. Because I don't care, remember. You don't care. I only care about the stupid movie because that account is in both of our names. Where he eats his breakfast lunch and dinner while he's working shouldn't be my business. It's not my business.
They're both looking at me, expectantly. The waitress is tapping her pen on her order pad. Jack is tapping his finger on the table. Do they think that's helping? Fine. "I'll just have the same thing."
"All of it?" she says like I ordered an extra runny cloth diaper with a side of spit up. 
"Yes, please." My voice comes out a whisper. What was I thinking? I should have known I couldn't come here and be like them.
She walks away with a huff, leaving me and the traitor in silence. He turns to the window, watching the people wave as they walk by. As much as I want to join him, I feel like I'm putting on a show. I'm not in the mood to be fake right now. 
I look around the cafe, hoping to find something to fix my expression. I see a little girl and her dad at a table diagonal to us. She's probably about three. Too young to be in school but old enough to act like she should. Her blonde hair in pigtails, dancing with every move she makes. Her dad's laughing at her while trying to get her to eat.
I don't recall Jack ever taking the girls out like that. When they were babies and toddlers he would take them to see Chief. By the time they were old enough to sit in a restaurant, the cute factor wore off. As they got older, they could ask to go and he couldn't resist. 
They would have told me if he took them somewhere else. I know about every meal they've had without me, most days that means details of school lunch. There were no wild stories of spontaneous trips to the park. 
"Hey Jack! How's it going?" someone interrupts. I don't even want to know. 
"Hey Earl. Haven't seen you in awhile. Did you get that fence fixed?" Jack says.
"Sure did. I had Walter come down and help. Those damn cows thought I was playing a game. That's alright. I won. I like to see 'em try to bust through that metal bracket we added."
Jack chuckles at that. "Glad to hear it. Hopefully we won't get anymore calls down there, for your cows at least."
"That's all I wanted to say. If you do, they shouldn't be mine. Ya'll have a good lunch now."
"We used to get at least a call a night down in his neighborhood. His cows are worse than a teenage girl in first love," Jack says to me in way of explanation.
I bet. Must be nice. I don't bother responding. He probably feels he owed me that explanation, even though I was sitting right here. The waitress sets down our plates.
"Here you go, Jack," she says, setting his plate down first. His iced tea follows. After she hands him a straw, she gives me my BLT and iced tea. I notice my pickle is not on the side. I don't even like bacon. What am I doing to myself?
We eat with our own thoughts. Me watching the little girl eat her fries, Jack returning stranger’s waves. Strangers to me, not him. 
"I have an appointment at one o'clock," he says. 
Does he want me to walk home? I focus on my onion rings, which I detest, and wait for him to finish. 
"I, um, was hoping you'd come with me."
"What? Where?"
"My appointment," he says. Like I didn't hear him the first time. 
I check my phone in my purse. Twelve forty-five. "I hope its close." 
"Yeah, a few blocks away." He finishes his sandwich and starts on his onion rings. I guess I'm not welcome to anymore details. Does he want me to come?
"If you want to drop me off at home..."
"No, I'd like you to come."
Okay. I try to at least finish half my sandwich and a few sips of the not my style tea while he waves to our waitress for the check. He pays, tips her what he feels she's worth and bids her a good night. 
A few blocks were more like eight. I wondered why we didn't walk. Three parking lots in one day are making me ready for a nap. He pulls into a house on the residential side of town, across from Gen's house. A glance at her driveway tells me she's still at work.
Walking up to the plain Victorian, he urges me up the steps. We approach a set of old fashioned double doors. He opens the one on the right and leads me through. I have no clue what we're doing here and he walks past the listing of offices too fast for me to read.
He comes to a halt at the end of the hall. Pausing, he looks back at me. It looks like he wants to say something, but he frowns, shakes his head and opens the door. I catch the name Dr. Anderson before he closes it behind us. Doctor? Why would I need to come to a doctor with him? I take a seat in one of the velvet wing chairs.
 "Jack Zendahl. I have a one o'clock appointment," he tells the receptionist.
"I know who you are Jack. It's nice to see you again. Have a seat and I'll let Paul know you're available." She knows him? Paul? Who calls their doctor by their first name? 
Jack takes a seat next to me. The arrangement of the chairs doesn't allow me to quietly whisper what the hell are we doing here. He produces a magazine from somewhere. I stare at an oversized picture of a family, feeding geese. It doesn't soothe me. Am I the only one that knows the dangers of those vicious creatures?
A door opens and an older man comes out. He's about my dad's age, maybe a little younger. His hair is too short to tell if he's balding. He has kind blue eyes and sleepy features. He's smiling as he greets Jack. They shake hands and turn to me, "and this is my wife Laurel."
 "It's nice to meet you," I say, shaking his offered hand. I don't know what I'm doing here. Who is this man? 
"Come on back. Would either of you care for a drink? Coffee? Water?" 
"Coffee, please." I'm going to need it. What kind of doctor serves coffee?
He leads us into a room with a couch and another wing chair, this one modern and comfortable looking. His desk is in the corner of the room. He takes a seat in the matching chair and waves us onto the couch. The woman we saw when we came in brings three mugs on a tray with cream and sugar on the side. She sets it on the table in between us and backs out the way she came, closing the door behind her.
I sit down and wait, keeping my head down, hands folded on my lap. I feel like I'm in the principal’s office. I want to scream 'but I really didn't do it, please don't call my mom.' 
A nudge to my right knee draws my attention. Jack hands me a coffee. It's hot and the cream and sugar are perfect. I close my eyes and pretend I'm sitting on my porch at home, maybe even planting my roses in the front yard. 
I snap my eyes open and yep, I'm wearing grass stained shoes! I look at the doctor. He's in a brown suede jacket with those elbow pads and nice slacks and shoes. What is Jack wearing? A side glance reveals nice jeans and a long sleeved buttoned up a shirt with clean shoes. Damn him! 
"Laurel, please forgive me for going about things this way, but I asked Jack not to tell you about this appointment," the kind doctor says.
"I don't understand. What kind of doctor are you?" This makes no sense.
"I have to complete a psych eval for work," Jack says.
"Okay, I guess that explains why I get the impression you've been here before."
"Yeah, and this isn't my last session."
"Did you bring me here on purpose?"
"I'm sorry. If I wasn't married, they wouldn't make you come."
"What do you mean?" I ask. I'm losing my patience. He tricked me?
"I'm up for a promotion," Jack says.
"Why didn't you tell me?" Isn't that something you tell your wife?
"Because I didn't know if I was going to accept it. And once the department orders a psych eval, the doctor has to sign off on it."
Looking at the doctor, I implore him to tell me the truth when I ask, "Is it normal for wives to be called in?"
He squirms in his seat a bit, looks at Jack, then back at me. Setting his coffee down, I guess he decided to get down to business. He turns on doc mode, elbows on knees hands together in prayer. God help us all. 
"Sometimes. Like Jack said, if he wasn't married it definitely would not be an issue. We have to make sure his family life can accommodate a change in job responsibility," the doc says.
I mirror his posture. I give Jack a look that promises a bumpy ride home. Turning back to the doc, I ask, "What made you think I needed to be here for this talk?" There it is: that silent conversation between doctor and patient weighing confidentiality. Fine. I can be silent, too.
"Laurel, I have to do this. We have to do this. I could be facing suspension if I don't follow through. I've apologized for not giving you a heads up but please, work with me."
I nod. Silence can work as long as I have head gestures.
 "Laurel, I'm a family therapist. I deal with victims and trauma. The department chose me to handle their officers because I have experience understanding family dynamics. When someone in the family experiences something, the other members experience it, too." Yeah, right. What a load of cockadoodledoo. 
"When officers are eligible for promotions, the department evaluates how effectively they currently handle stress both within their careers and their family life. If I see any holes, I investigate to find out if it's temporary."
What is he saying? Jack has issues dealing with stress but is it at home or work? He wouldn't have brought me here if it was work. He would have to be home for our stress to affect him. Right?
"Laurel, I'm not sure if this is what I want. I fear that I've put too much on you as it is. Something has been eating at you and you won't tell me what. What happens when I have to work more hours?"
"The gun on the china cabinet. You need to keep it somewhere else." I don't know why I said that. I can't let this complete stranger know we have real problems. If we can fix them, it's not so bad, right?
"My on-duty gun? Do you have a problem with me being a cop?"
"What? No! Of course not. I've always known you were gonna be a cop. Why would you think that?"
"Because you've never had a problem with my gun before."
"I don't. It's the girls. I just, we were at your parents last night and I got thinking that we never realized they could reach it now."
"Okay, you're right. We can fix that. No big deal."
But it is a big deal. I’m officially standing between him and the only thing he's ever wanted. How do I make this go away?
"Laurel, how do you feel about the hours Jack works now?"
"I guess I don't. I'm used to it."
"How would you feel if he had to work more hours?" the doc asks, with the spotlight still on me.
"I don't know. I'm used to him not being there."
"Jack, how do you feel about not being there?" the doc asks him.
"Honestly, I don't like it. I'm always missing something. Breakfast, the girls coming home from school, dinner, the arguments. I miss it all. I feel like Laurel doesn't know how good she has it. I mean, I know it's stressful but missing out, that's not something I think I'll ever adapt to."
What is he talking about? He doesn't want to be there! Even when he's home he isn't there. 
"Laurel, what do you do while Jack is working?" the doc asks, attention back on me.
"Why? What does that have to do with any of this?" I ask.
"Sometimes our coping mechanisms give insight into how we deal with stress."
I doubt it, but I agreed to play this game. Jack doesn't deserve to have me ruin his life. "For the most part, I'm taking care of the girls. I mean, on his early shift, he's done at three. On the others he starts at three. And if he's working night, I sleep. So, I don't really have hours upon hours alone."
"Okay, how do you keep yourself occupied?"
"What exactly are you asking?" I demand.
 "Do you ever find yourself waiting for Jack to get home?"
Yes. Everyday. "No. I understand his career supports us. I'm willing to do whatever needs to be done to make sure he can."
 "So you don't feel like you resent the amount of time he's away from the house."
I resent him. Every damn day. This is not the place for that. "No."
I can't look at either of them. The exhale Jack lets loose beside me tells me I accomplished whatever he brought me here to do. Did Jack lie, too?
The kind doctor sets his next appointment with his patient. I feel the anger churning, ready to ignite. How dare he! The more I think about the level of deception he submitted me to today alone the angrier I get. I don't know this man anymore. How dare he use sympathy for his children to get a promotion! Argh! I gotta get out of here. 
As soon as the car door closes, I release a scream of frustration Jack did not even know was building.  "How dare you! Don't you EVER use our children like that again!" Deep breath. Deep breath. I am not a lunatic.
"I meant it when I said I was sorry. If there was any other way," he says quietly.
Yeah, exactly. He cheated the game without ever telling me the rules. He doesn't trust me. For some stupid reason he thought I would intentionally sabotage him. What did I do to make him treat me like this? 
"Just take me home." I need away from him.
 

Chapter 8



Jack gets home a little after eight. His shift ended an hour ago, the same time the bus comes. I’m putting my sweatshirt on as he walks in the door.
"Where are you going?” he asks.
“I have to help finish the set for the play tonight. You did remember the play, right?”
“Of course I did. I just need a few hours sleep. If you need help after that I’ll be here.”
“Sure, whatever. I’ll be back before the girls get home.”
I grab my tote and leave him there to rest in peace. If I didn’t have to do this today, he would not be sleeping. Those were the first words we said to each other since leaving his appointment yesterday. Last night’s dinner was awkward, to say the least. The kids are used to me ignoring him, but steam heating my food after its cooled is not normal. I am the master of letting things go, or ignoring them as the case may be. Either way, I do not let my anger get the best of me. When he brought my kids into his manipulating ways, he was begging for a new nose. 
I throw my bag into the back seat, slam the back door, plonk down in my seat and slam my door too, wishing it was his face. The man has officially infuriated me beyond recognition. I have got to calm down. Teachers don’t ask parents to help teach kids violence. They have enough of that. I back out of our driveway, gritting my teeth and growling at the house before peeling out and heading south. 
We have three schools to accommodate our wonderful children, all grouped together. The elementary school houses preschool through sixth grade. This is the last year Lanie and Ruthie will be in the same building until high school. All three schools are in the same area with what one could call a park dividing elementary and middle. The park doubles as a soccer field, but remains abandoned for the most part. We prefer the beauty of the creek in our back yards for picnics and summer afternoons. The community field can host large crowds with small children, an ideal space for moms and dads to relax during larger outings. 
Someone some long time ago decided to put the schools in the middle of town, just past the police who share a lot with the firemen. The initial theory was to be fair to residents on both ends. Unfortunately, the sirens don’t go off enough for the kids to get used to them. 
The four minutes it takes to get to the school is not enough to calm me. I park in the visitor lot of the high school where the only auditorium in town is located. After gathering my bags and locking the doors, I pause in the lot leaning against my car. I haven’t been back to this school since the day I walked across the stage. 
“Yoohoo, Laurel! You coming?”
I look toward the sound of the voice and see Ms. Murray or Annie as I knew her in school, waiting on the edge of the concrete jutting out from the front. She graduated a couple years after me. Gathering my emotions, I jog across the parking lot to meet her. 
“Ms. Murray, I’m glad it’s you I’m meeting here.”
“Laurel, call me Annie. Did you bring the lights?”
Lifting my tote, I say, “Sure did.”
“Great. I’m so proud of our sixth graders. Just wait until you see how well they did. I think the last truck load came this morning. Mr. Collins, the principal here, was nice enough to let us borrow desks and chairs.”
“So everything is almost done?”
“Not yet. We need to group together the props by what act they’re needed.”
“Okay, Annie, let’s do this.”
The auditorium is standard size, designed to seat a thousand. The town uses it for meetings when public input is welcome. It’s considered a good turn out if half the seats are filled. The sandy brick walls and red curtain give the impression it’s bigger. I hope Ruthie doesn’t get onstage jitters. The upper level is reserved for overflow and dads with cameras; and town people who think they’re important. 
We access the stage from the stairs on the right. Props and projects surround us. “So, where do we start?” I ask her.
“Well, I say we work on the lights. If we’re short on time, we can get help with this,” she says, arm sweeping the props for emphasis. 
"Okay, we need a ladder.”
We spend the rest of the morning hanging Christmas lights to look like stars. The high school kids with study hall were excused to help. By noon, we have everything ready for tonight.  
“Would you like to grab a coffee? I’d like to buy you one, if it’s okay,” Annie says.
In no hurry to get home, I say, “Sure. But I can buy my own.” We laugh it off instead of arguing and walk out to our cars. Driving separately, we meet at the café in town. The same Café du Us Jack and I had lunch at yesterday. We walk in together, Annie holding the door for me. This time, I tell the hostess, “We’ll sit at the counter.” I look back at Annie, who nods in agreement.
We take our seats at the end, the farthest from the door, for privacy. We both order coffee. “Aren’t you hungry?” I ask her.
“Yeah, sorry. I wanted to thank you for helping me today. I didn’t want you to feel like you had to keep me company,” Annie says.
“Oh, not at all. And of course. I’m hungry, too.” I grab a menu someone left behind and we both order chicken salad sandwiches. 
“So, art huh? I remember that drawing you did back in high school. It was so realistic I had to keep myself from climbing in it.”
She laughs at me. “Yeah. It was pretty good for a sophomore. I called it school’s out for summer. I drew that the day before we went back to school that year. I was at the beach with my mom and I wanted something to remember. Ya know?”
“I do know. The girls and I try to get to the beach at least once a week. It’s so close, yet such a pain. And the sand! It takes me weeks to get it out of my car. Your picture had all the good with none of the bad.”
“Isn’t that the truth? I never looked at it like that before. I missed it when I left for college.”
“Really? I wouldn’t think I would notice,” I say.
“Oh yeah, I noticed. I had to spend most of my summer breaks here. Not going every day, but knowing it was possible if I wanted to.”
“Why did you come back? To Cedar Creek?”
“I could be simple and say I missed my mom, but that’s not the whole story. I was scared. I had a lot of student loans. I thought the state would help me pay if I became a teacher. So I did. It added two extra years to my degree. I knew I had to do something to pay bills but all I ever wanted to do was draw and paint. Create, you know?”
“Do you still have time to paint?”
“For me? Yes. But not as often as I like.”
“So why did you come back?” I repeat. I have a feeling there’s more to this story. She looks around the café and gives me the just a moment finger. A second later the waitress sets down our plates. When she’s gone, Annie continues.
“The town has a program. The state only helps with student loans if you teach basic subjects like reading. Especially for elementary education. They don’t view art as important.” I’m gawking at her, mouth open.
“Exactly. I didn’t know either. When I went to see how I could get more money for college, a counselor told me certain occupations can receive help to pay off loans. She listed a few. I heard teacher and jumped right on that boat without clarifying. So, I called my mom when I found out. I was so embarrassed. I went for an interview and I asked the vice principal, ‘and how much will I get for student loans.’ He froze. Then he looked at me like I was a hick. He said ‘art isn’t a real subject. Only real teachers get loan forgiveness.’ So I called my mom.”
“I can’t imagine. Annie, I’m sorry, that’s horrible,” I tell her.
“Eh. You can’t change the world. So my mom tells me the town has a program to recruit graduates. We don’t have a college here and they need professionals so they offer a reimbursement program. It’s only for people from here, in fields they need. But they took over my loan payments. The salary isn’t bad. The classes are small. The kids are great. I like knowing most of the parents.”
We eat our sandwiches, me thinking I had no idea how the town managed to get people to return. Annie? I don’t know but she looks so sad. It makes me sad to think she would be embarrassed by someone thinking she wasn’t important. My kids love her. She’s the reason this play is happening tonight. She went to the English and Science teachers and told them it would help the kids work together, encourage them to create. 
“I’m really glad you thought of the idea of this play. Lanie and Ruthie are so excited,” I tell her.
“I’m glad the teachers and principal went for it. I brought it up at a PTA meeting. The parents were immediately on board. Especially when I told them the kids would get to do all the work. These parents, they know their kids are special. Give the kids a chance to prove it?”
“I’m sorry I missed that PTA meeting. I had to hear it from the girls. And the permission slip.”
“I never see you at PTA meetings. I don’t go unless they’re having a school board meeting. I would hate to find out they terminated the art program and I didn’t show up to find out.” 
Laughing, I say, “That is so not funny. I don’t go because…”
Interrupting me, she says, “I know why you don’t go. I work there. So, Monday is career day, huh?”
“Yep.”
“I’ll bring my ear plugs.”
We both finish our lunch and head off to our separate cars with promises to see each other tonight. I paid the bill and tipped the waitress. Annie may have wanted to thank me, but giving me an afternoon of insight without having to hear his name was worth every penny. 
-----@-----
“Momma, should I wear my hair up or down?” Ruthie asks.
“I’m not sure babe, you said the script is a surprise. Are you gonna be doing a lot of running?”
“No. Where would I run to? Home and back?” Good one Ruthie. I expect that from Lanie, but not this one. She’s growing up on me.
“Okay, do you need to look grown up or innocent?”
“Hmm. Well, it’s about kids, but I guess grown up,” she says.
“Do you want your hair up or down?”
“Down. I don’t want to have to worry about anything coming lose while I’m on stage.”
“Well, there you go. Problem solved,” I tell her. You would think I would know by now to ask the most obvious question first.
“Hey, Momma?”
“Yes, Lanie?”
“Have you seen my boots?”
“The brown ones?”
“The only boots I own. Yes, they’re brown. Low top. I don’t want to be climbing along the catwalk in dress shoes.”
“Can’t you wear your tennis shoes?” I ask. Aha! That was the most obvious response, right?
“No, I can’t. Boots are different than tennis shoes for a reason,” Lanie says. Well, I’ll be. I did not know that. A deep sigh and a count to five later, I decide I don’t want to play anymore.
“No, I have not seen your boots. Check your room,” I tell her.
“I can’t see anything in my room because all Ruthie’s crap is covering the floor!”
She walks back into her own room to continue screaming at her sister while I figure out something functional and fashionable. I hate dressing nice just to sit down for an hour. If I’m wearing something pretty, I want to look pretty. Who looks pretty sitting? Unfortunately, we’re having dinner out afterwards to celebrate the girl’s success. Yes, I am convinced it will be a success. 
Their argument progresses to throwing things. I’m afraid they’re gonna start knocking things off my bedroom wall. Abandoning myself, I walk down the hall to their room and peep in the door. 
“I’m tired of always having to pick up your stuff!” Lanie yells, throwing a pink panda across the room. “Aren’t you old enough to know how to pick up after yourself?” She sounds like me.
“I’m tired of you always touching my stuff!” Ruthie yells back, throwing a book back on Lanie’s side. “Didn’t anyone ever tell you to keep your hands to yourself?”
“If I don’t find my boots, you won’t have lights for your stupid show.” Clothes are flying everywhere. There is no way they will ever find anything in this madness.
“If I don’t go, you won't have anything to shine a light on.” 
This is ridiculous. I know what’s coming but if they don’t stop we will be late. “Girls, please stop fighting. We need to get a move on. Ruthie, will you please help Lanie find her boots?”
"I want my own room! I shouldn’t have to share a room with a baby that can’t pick up her toys!” Lanie screams, holding up something else furry.
"I want my own room, too. I’m tired of hearing you always calling me a baby. I am not a baby.” Ruthie screams back, yanking her beloved fur friend from her sister’s hands. 
“Girls!” I scream over both their voices.
"What?” they both demand in unison. At least we are in agreement again. These two drive me nuts! I don’t like getting involved because they’re quick to turn it around on me.
“Twenty minutes until we have to leave. When the time is up, we are leaving. Whoever is ready, be waiting by the car. If you’re not, have fun feeding yourself!" I turn and leave without waiting for a response.
Ten minutes later, I’m downstairs in my church pants. I added a loose sweater over a camisole and ballet flats. That’s as good as it gets. I took Ruthie’s advice and left my hair down. After all, I am trying to relax. Tonight is for my girls to entertain me. I find Jack on the couch, watching TV. He’s in his standard nice jeans, nice shoes and nice shirt. It’s the casual version of his work uniform. 
“Why didn’t you say something to the girls?” I ask him.
“About what?”
“About them screaming at each other. We both live here, too.”
“What would you like me to do?” he asks. Why do I bother? Let’s see his solution.
“They want their own rooms.”
“Okay,” he says.
“Okay? That’s what you would have told them? Okay?”
"Sure.”
"Should I give them our room or the office you never use?"
He sits up and turns the TV off, looking at me like I've lost my mind. Yeah buddy, let's see how you feel. I've never called him out on his precious unused office. I want to scream why is it there? But, no, we will use logic to solve this problem, like big people. If I start screaming, I'm no better than the kids. I have a rule about not arguing in front of them and I don't intend on breaking it, definitely not over this.
"Do whatever you think is best. Do you want the arguments to end?" he says.
"Of course I do. Do you think I enjoy dealing with this? Do you think my life is so boring I encourage a live soap opera?" He really thinks I'm that desperate for attention?
"I didn't say that. I said fix it."
"I would if I knew how."
"Did you ever think to ask me if you could give them the office?" What? I sit down on the recliner, rubbing my eyes. He's giving me a headache. "Lanie asked me. I told her it was up to you."
"What?! Why would you tell her that?" I demand.
"Because, you declared it my office. It's yours to reassign." He gets up and walks away, leaving me there to figure out what the hell he's talking about. I said no such thing. 
I get up, following him into the kitchen. "I don't know what the hell you're talking about so I'm going to be as clear as the diamond on my finger. Do you care if I move one of the girls into your office? Permanently."
Leaning against the counter, he stops eating peanut butter from the jar to say, "No, I don't. Let me know when and I'll help you." 
"Okay." Shaking my head at the absurdity of the situation, I turn to leave.
"Momma, Dad, let's go!" The girls! We have to go!
The girls ride with Jack. He has to work tonight. He wanted his car just in case; the same reason he brought his uniform. I'm left alone, in the confines of my car to consider his words. 
Is he right? Do I want the girls separated? If it was my choice, why didn't we start them out in different rooms from birth? Now, I don't know what's right. They fight all the time but next year they'll be in different schools, riding different buses. 
Following Jack's car through town and into the parking lot, I'm jolted out of my pity party by doors slamming shut. Grabbing my purse, I follow my runaway family inside the school. Jack's stopped just inside the doors, off to the side talking to Mr. Harding. The girls are nowhere to be found. 
I walk inside the auditorium feeling lost and out of place. It's more than half full already and we're early because we had to deliver part of the cast. I stay to the right, following the same path Annie and I took earlier. People are spread out unevenly, either saving a ton of seats or being just plain rude. 
I'm about five rows from the front when I hear "Laurel!" echoing through the auditorium. Turning around, I walked right past Gen, sitting with my parents and Jack's parents, Chief in full uniform. Gen's parents, John and Cindy are with them. 
"Hey guys," I greet them, crawling over people to get to my seat they saved me. "Excuse me, sorry, oof, sorry, excuse me." At least I'm next to Gen. She's stuck next to my mom and they left a seat between me and Jack's mom for him. 
"It's about time you got here girl!" she whisper yells. "Your mom is driving me up the damn wall. Where's Jack?"
"Talking. As usual."
"To who?" 
"Principal Harding." We both crack up laughing, my mom giving us the evil eye.  
"Did you tell him to hold on?" 
"No."
 "Poor guy. I wonder if he had to throw his shoes away. Do you think I should ask him?"
"No!" What is wrong with her? Just her luck he'll fall off the stage tonight.
"How's Ruthie? Nervous?"
"Um, I don't think so." Wow, I didn't make sure my kid was okay before her first big performance. I really am losing it.
"Laurel, honey, how are you tonight?" Carmela asks, leaning over the empty seat. I get up and give her a hug. 
"I'm good. Excited for the girls. You?" 
"We're good. Damian is crossing his fingers that he won't get called away."
"Hey, Momma Bear, how's it growling?" Chief asks. I give him a hug too before sitting back down. 
I look to my right where I just came from; my dad is just coming back from wherever he was when I seat down. I get up and scoot past my mom, ignoring her, to hug my dad. "Hey, Dad. How've you been?"
"Been good sweetheart. How are you?"
"I'm okay."
 "Where's Jack?" he asks.
"Talking. As usual," I say. He smiles and sits back down. I scoot back past my mom, saying hi to John and Cindy, giving them a wave before settling back into my seat.
 "So," I say to Gen.
"So,” she says back.
I take a deep breath let out a loud exhale. I desperately need to relax. A moment later the lights are cut. The light on the stage draws all of our attention to the podium. Still no Jack.
"Good evening Ladies and Gentleman, families and friends. As most of you know, I'm Principal Harding. Welcome to the first ever integrated play offered by Cedar Creek Elementary School. I want to thank all of you for coming out tonight and please, before you leave, remember to thank Ms. Murray for coming up with the idea. I'm told the fourth graders had complete direction over the script and set. Our behind the stage action is being controlled by a select group of technologically talented sixth graders. If the curtain falls or the lights fail, don't blame me. I guess that's all. Enjoy the show!"
A little boy from Ruthie's class stumbles out from behind the curtain. "Act one." After he rushes back behind it, the curtain opens. The set is a classroom with about twelve desks and a teacher with a whiteboard. A chuckle vibrates around the auditorium.
"Good morning boys and girls," a little girl says. 
"Good morning Mrs. Davis," the students parrot back.
"Today, we will be discussing your science project. We will decide what you will do. You will work separately or you will fail." Another laugh from us. This little girl must spend a lot of time watching her teacher. I hope she's proud.
Jack comes waltzing in, scooting past my parents, Gen, and me. I pretend I don't notice. 
The kids take turns going through what each of them wants their science project to be. Volcano, electric potato, radio transmitter, wireless car, snapping gum, until they get to Ruthie's friend Christopher. He stands and says loud and proud, "I'm gonna build a bridge to the moon!"
"But you can't do that," a boy says.
"I will. Just you wait and see. And when I build it, you can all come with me. There will be no one to tell us what to do!"
"But what are you gonna do when you get there?" a different boy says.
"What if we get hungry?" 
"There's no TV on the moon," another boy says.
"I wanna sleep in my bed," a little girl says.
"Class, quiet now. If he wants to build a bridge to the moon, we have to let him try," the teacher says. 
The curtain closes. The little boy from before comes stumbling out again. "Act two," he says.
Five minutes and a lot of squeaking later, the curtain reopens. The set is outside with a homemade slide and a swing set. They even have grass. Christopher is puttin around with some wood and rope. Ruthie walks onto the stage. 
"I wanna help you," she says. Her voice is the perfect pitch. No nervousness at all. I didn't realize I was squeezing the arm of my chair and Gens hand. I release both grips, relaxing in my seat, eyes glued to the stage.
"You can't. If you help me, you'll fail. The teacher said we can't have partners," he says.
"I don't care. We'll be on the moon," Ruthie says.
"You really think I can do it?"
"Yes I do. So can I help?"
"I guess so." They both start cutting and banging for a minute. "We have to finish this at night when the moon is out."
"That would make more sense."
The curtain closes. Less than a minute later, it reopens. The stage is dark, the moon glowing and the Christmas lights hung like real stars. Annie and I did good. Christopher and Ruthie are doing the same thing they were before the curtain closed. Beating and banging. We see rope thrown around.
The curtain closes again. The little boy stumbles out. "Act three."
Five minutes later, after another scene change we can hear, the curtain opens again. We're still outside, but its daylight. Desks line the perimeter with science projects proudly displayed. My baby girl is standing next to Christopher, both of them dressed in glittering black. He's in a tuxedo; she's wearing my mother’s prom dress. It's a swing dress with a taffeta skirt. I can't believe it fits her!
The other kids are in regular clothes, standing beside their projects. The teacher is in the middle. "So class, it's time to unveil all of your hard work. Who would like to go first?"
Christopher walks forward. "I would. My First Lady and I would like to invite you to join us on an adventure that is sure to mark this day as history for mankind. We are off- to the moon!"
They ascend the decorated stairs and disappear into the ceiling. The rest of the kids watch them leave. "Okay students," the teacher says, "it will probably take them awhile to get to the moon. Let's go ahead and see what everyone else did."
The kids silently present their projects. We can see their hands and lips moving, but we can't hear anything. A minute later we hear Christopher's voice. "Well, we made it."
"You did it. I knew you could," Ruthie says.
"They can't see us. We have to wait until nighttime before they can see we made it."
"Do you wanna go back?"
"We can't. If we go back, we lose the science fair. We have to wait until we can prove we did it."
The curtain closes again. More scraping and pounding. The curtain reopens. It's nighttime. The stars are back, the moon is clear, and on a platform in front of it are Christopher and Ruthie. On the stage, spotlights highlight a boy on a love seat, playing video games in front of a TV, another boy at a table eating with his parents. We don't hear anything. In the corner is a girl, in her bed, cuddling a teddy bear. 
"Well, it's nighttime now. If they look at the moon, they can see us," Christopher says.
A minute passes by. "What now?" Ruthie asks. Another minutes passes as they watch the other kids back on Earth. The curtain closes. The little boy stumbles out. 
"The End." The audience claps, parents whistle, and chatter ensues.
Wow. "That was pretty intense for fourth graders," Gen says.
"Yeah, I guess so," I say.
"How long do you think they stayed up there on the moon?"
"I don't know. Their ten years old, five minutes?"
"They do get hungry a lot."
Thank God for that. I wouldn't want my babies to move to the moon. It breaks my heart to think of my girls moving somewhere so far away. Would they give up food and TV to get away from me?
We collect our purses and our parents before tracking down our children. Jack is behind me, his mom praising the girl’s performance. I turn around and catch Chiefs face, full of pride. I love how much he loves the girls. 
Ruthie and Lanie are waiting for us in the hall outside the auditorium. Ruthie is still in her dress. Lanie is wearing hers, too. It's a polka dot swing dress with a halter top. It fits her perfectly. The white sweater she has over it could have been made for it. It melts my heart that she wore it even though she didn't have to.
After hugs and kisses and congratulations, we all separate to drive to Cafe du Us. My third time in three days. Even being the only real restaurant in town doesn't excuse that. Granted, I hadn't been in months before yesterday.
The kids ride with Jack again. I jump in Gen's car, not wanting to be alone. As soon as the doors are closed, she says "your girl’s rock! Ruthie was so grown up and Lanie, I never would have guessed the lighting was done by a twelve year old."
"I know. I think I'm stunned into disbelief."
"Girl, are you okay? You're so serious tonight. Sometimes talking to you is like talking to my hair brush," she says while maneuver the car around people trying to talk in the parking lot.
"Thanks, Gen. At least I have style."
"Whatever. You do when you try at least. And you look good tonight."
"Thank you. You always look good."
"That's because I'm single. If I was married to the hottest guy in town, I wouldn't have to try anymore."
"You think that's why I don't make an effort to dress better?" 
"Maybe, I don't know. All I'm saying is you need to find that personality I love you so much for. Why are you so damn gloomy? What do you have to be sad about?" 
Everything. Nothing. I'm tired of people thinking I have it all. One day, the girls are going to move to the moon and I'm gonna be left with Jack. At least he makes the house look good. 
I can't tell her any of that. People who don't have kids don't understand the fear of them growing up. Or leaving. And she's Jack's number three fan, tied with the girls behind his parents.
"I think I'm just tired. I helped put up the Christmas lights for the stars today. I thought they turned out nice," I tell her instead.
"They were awesome!" She looks over and gives me an encouraging smile.
"How's Robert?" I ask.
"Super great. He wants me to come visit him soon."
"I hope you did a background check on him."
"Yeah I did! I know you don't take me for a fool. I did a reference check and even called him at work. His secretary put me through and I hung up as soon as he answered."
"Why did you do that? And what references?"
"I had to make sure someone wasn't impersonating him. Sheesh! And I used that website that lists possible family members. I called his mom and his sister. A client he did work for."
"What is wrong with you?"
"Me? It worked. I told them I was doing an article on his business and did they have anything they wanted to add."
 "What if they ask him when it's gonna be printed?"
 "That's not my problem."
She is delusional. Ah, oh well. I don't think there's any chance they'll figure it out, unless, "what if they recognize your voice when they meet you."
"Girl, do you know me?" No, I don't think I do. "I disguised my voice and I'm gonna wait at least three months before I agree to meet the family. They'll forget by then."
"Or he'll like you enough to not care." 
We get out of the car and meet my parents by the front of the restaurant. Jack and the girls are just pulling in, the rest of our crew behind him. "Let's go in and get a table," I say to my dad. We leave Gen waiting for her parents.
"A table for eleven please," my dad tells the hostess. She looks past us and Mom, seeing no one else.
"Eleven?"
"Yeah, they're outside," he tells her.
"Right this way."
We follow her back and wait while she pushes three tables together. "Hey Jack, how are you tonight," the hostess says. 
"Doing good. How are you, Mary?" Hmm. So he definitely lives here.
"Doin alright. Chief."
"Mary." Does Chief pack his lunch?
"Hello, Mary," Carmela says, raising her eyebrows at me. 
"Mrs. Zendahl," the hostess says. 
"I'll have hot tea," my mother tells her as she plops in a chair, the rest of us still swarming the tables.
"I'll let your waitress know."
She places our menus and silverware on the table and leaves. I sit down between my dad and Gen, who chose a seat at the end of the table, putting me in the corner. It fits my mood. Carmela sits across from me, next to Gen. My mom probably already has marks from her wooden chair embedded in her butt. Chief is next to his wife. 
The girls sit between my mom and Jack. Gen's parents are across from them. Her mom gives me a warm smile. We're too far to talk but I'm thankful she's here. "I know I've already said it, but you girls did a wonderful job. I'm so proud of both of you!" Carmela tells them.
"They look beautiful in my old dresses. I never thought I would be grateful for procrastinating" my mother says. 
"You both look beautiful," Cindy, Gens mom says.
"That was a great show you put on, Ruthie. And it was written by fourth graders?" John says.
"Yes, sir. Each class did a "and then" and we voted on it," Ruthie says.
The waitress approaches our table. Everyone orders a drink. She pauses on Jack to ask how he's doing. Looking away, I meet Carmela's gaze. Is she daring me to guard my territory? It's not going to happen. I pretend to be absorbed in my menu. I could recite it back word for word; we've been spending a lot of time together, lately.
Did Carmela have this problem once upon a time? Am I supposed to tell these women it's inappropriate? What about the men? How does it appear for us to sit on opposite sides of the table? Did I sit down first? Argh! 
I feel my dad's hand on my back rubbing reassuring circles. I look around the table, wanting to cry. I have the overwhelming urge to run from these people but only two are creating havoc. And my mother isn't doing anything! For that matter, neither is Jack. 
I have to move. It's the judgment, the expectation. I don't want to be this girl anymore. I want control of my life. I want to take my girls home, tell them how completely awesome they are, tuck them into bed with hugs and kisses and then runaway forever.
Can I runaway to the moon? Would my kids follow? Can I take the girls and just run, forever? Okay, not forever. And with what money? I don't think he would appreciate me running off with the girls, let alone using his money to do it. 
Then again, maybe he would be thankful. Then he could have that promotion. And my mom, she would be thrilled to get rid of me- I'm an embarrassment. I can't do this! 
"Laurel!" I look up to find everyone staring at me, expecting from me. Scanning each of their faces, I see worry. This night isn't about me. What am I doing to the girls? This is so like my mom. It's always all about her. 
"Laurel honey, do you know what you want?" my dad says. He reaches for my hand on the table and gives it a squeeze. I'm looking at our hands, remembering how he saved me at church, how he's always saving me. I'm an adult, not a child. 
"Can um, can you just get me whatever you're having? Please? I need to go to the bathroom," I tell him. I excuse myself as naturally as possible, apologizing for not paying attention. Avoiding everyone else, I walk as calmly as possible, away from the ones who love me. I wish they would stop loving me. I feel like I'm choking.
The bathroom is empty when I enter. I check both stalls and enter one, locking myself inside. Of course there's no lid, so I stand here, leaning on my arm propped against the door. The graffiti on the walls, surrounding me, telling the towns lies. I close my eyes and try to breath. I can't breath. It's not working anymore.
I want to cry. I need to let out the pressure in my chest, creeping up my neck, into my throat. I can't swallow and my eyelids are burning but I can't give in. If I start, I won't stop. God, please help me let it go! Please, I'm begging you, make it all go away!
Think of something else, something happy. I think of Ruthie and Lanie, so graceful and mature in their dresses, but that just reminds me of my mother. God, make it stop!
I can't think of anything that doesn't make me hurt; my dad living with that woman, Gen and her parents, Carmela and Chief and their happiness I'll never have, and the girls. I'm ruining their night. The night marking the first day I realized one day they'll leave me. 
And him with his perfect life and absurdly inconsiderate nature. I don't belong in his world. I have to get out. But first, I have to get out of this bathroom. I have to fix my face and my attitude. 
I can do this. Laurel, I promise if it gets too bad, we can walk home. It's not the end of the world. It's the beginning of the end. Focus on the end: freedom. 
Seven deep breaths later, I open the bathroom door. Leaning against the wall is Jack, arms crossed, glaring. "What the hell is your problem?"
Bathroom. Go back into the bathroom. He won't go in there, right? He wouldn't follow me. He never follows me. What is his problem? Why is he acting like he cares?
"What do you care?"
"This isn't about you or me. It's about the girls. Can you stop acting like your mother for five seconds to put someone else before yourself?"
What? What did he say? Did he say that? All of that? It's not about me. But he's making it about me by doing this. How dare he accuse me of acting like my mother! It's one thing for me to think it but he said it. And to say I only ever think about myself? Do we live on the same planet?
I'm just staring at him. I. Just. Can't. I push past him and out the door of the restaurant. I don't look back. I'm wearing ballet flats, not tennis shoes. I left my purse under my chair next to my dad, but I don't care, because I'm free. I can breathe! 
I let the tears fall. They're pouring down my face so fast and hard I can't see where I'm walking. I don't care. If I never see again, at least I can breathe. I don't know where I'm going. As far as my feet take me for all I care. I have to keep moving. 
I walk and walk down the empty road, enjoying every step of freedom. Jack has to work tonight. What would happen if I wasn't home? How angry would he be? Angrier than I am at this very moment? Angrier than I was yesterday when he deceived me and used our children? 
How dare he! The longer I walk the madder I get. What am I gonna do? I have no one just for me. Everyone else has an in with the enemy. I need my own identity! I can't do this anymore.
As I see, at this moment, I have two choices. I can run towards freedom or stay and fight. But what am I fighting for? I don't care enough to explain what the hell is wrong with me. If I go home right now, I can tell the girls I was sick. I can get pretty Saturday night and be Jack's special date to the Boys in Blue. I can stand on the sidelines and clap and smile while my husband gets an award for a job well done. While I stand there looking pretty.
My God, I'm a trophy wife! And a doormat to boot! In the words of Gen, oh hell to the no. Where have I been for the last fifteen years? Not here, that's for damn sure. Gen, I can't have Gen. I can't call her. As long as I keep walking, I'm leaving her behind. 
I couldn't call anyone if I wanted to. Beep beep. "Laurel!"
My dad. Shaking my head, I hesitantly turn around and approach the open passenger side window. "Laurel, sweetheart, please get in the car."
I don't want to but, what other choice do I have? I open the door and get in. It's warm. I stopped feeling the cool air when we sat down at the restaurant. "What did you say to them?" I ask him as puts the car in gear and drives.
"I didn't. They didn't notice." What?
"How could they not?" Reaching over on the floor at my feet, he drops my purse in my lap. 
"I knew you didn't exactly leave willingly when I saw your purse. And you came with Gen. You want to tell me or would you like me to guess?"
Sure. I'm not ready to talk. "Go ahead Dad. Let's hear what you think happened." Please don't hurt me Dad. Don't mention Mom. 
"I think Jack was being Jack again only this time he knew he got caught and decided to make you feel like you did something wrong." 
"Big words for a not so big man. You're spot on Dad."
"And? Why did you run? Why didn't you tell him to go to hell?"
 "Why don't you ever call mom out on her crap?" I'm on a role tonight. I've alienated everyone who chooses to love me, let's clean house of the ones that are required to.
"Your mother is...different. When you were little, I knew one day you would leave. And I hoped she would change. She didn't and I'm sorry. I think I've let it go on for too long."
"Do you love her?" How could anyone love her?
"Yeah. She doesn't treat me that way she treats you. Her secrets aren't mine to tell, as long as she's alive anyway. Part of my hope is that she'll at least explain it one day. But uh, she has issues with girls because of how she was raised. It's not an excuse.
"When we married, she told me things. I never expected her to do to you what she went through. I don't know why she doesn't stop. But you're right, I didn't try to stop it. I tried to protect you. If she treated you better, we may not have been as close as we are."
"You think so?"
"Yeah, I do. Kids are usually attached to one parent more than the other. She pushed you towards me."
"I'm pretty lucky you were there to catch me."
"I'll always be there to catch you." 
"I hope one day, I won't need to be caught anymore."
"Where do you want me to take you? Back to your car?"
"Yeah, Dad thanks." At least I'll have my car, and a phone and my purse.
"Can I ask you for a huge favor?"
"Anything." He answers, looking over at me.
"Would you be willing to switch cars with me and loan me some cash."
"How much? For how long?"
"I don't know. I need time."
"Where will you go?"
"Any suggestions?"
"Yeah. Let me help you."
 

Chapter 9



His idea of help and my version of a brilliant plan were no match. He made a phone call and we picked up my car. Now we're waiting at the end of a back road just past his house. Dad said no one would see us driving by. He found me on the sidewalk before the others left. 
A cop car pulls up and parks. Before I can yell at the traitor he says, "It’s not what you think."
The door opens and out steps Chief, still in full uniform. No, Dad, it's worse. I look at my aching feet, arms crossed around my middle. I'm ashamed of myself.
He walks over and gathers me to him. "It's gonna be alright Momma bear. Don't you worry."
"I'm sorry Chief," I tell him.
"Nothing to be sorry about. I knew one day you'd flutter away from us. I'm glad Mike found you before you got too far."
"You knew I would run away?" What ever made him think that? Do I appear unstable?
"Sweetheart, we all crack. I've watched you take and take for fifteen years. No one can handle that much pressure. It's okay to break."
"I called Damien because he and I go way back. To the playground," my dad says.
"I didn't know that." I don't remember having to introduce them but they've never acted friendly together.
"It's not a secret. We kinda grew apart when I left for school. Then you and Jack became sweet on each other. We didn't want you thinking we were pressuring you two to work out," Dad continues. "Point is, I trust him. Whatever it is you need, he can make it happen."
I don't know what to say. I can't put him in that position.
"I don't consider this going against Jack. He stopped being my number one concern when Lanie and Ruthie came along. You need to do what you need to do to be strong for them. Carmela would agree, but she'd want to fix you. And rip Jack a new hole. It's best if we leave this quiet for the moment."
"Thank you." Does he have any idea how it feels to have someone in your corner for once?
 "So what's it gonna be Laurel? We don't have much time before Jack realizes you aren't there," my dad asks.
I look at Chief. Does he realize Jack is supposed to be at work? "How much time do you think I can get away with?" I ask, still looking at him.
"As much as you need. Until you figure out why you felt the need to leave the restaurant without telling us. I'm not yelling at you. It was a statement. You need an explanation, to yourself most of all. You can tell the others you were sick. But the girls are gonna notice you're not home. That's gonna rock their world."
He's right. I may be able to lie to everyone else, but they don't live with me. I need time. 
"Do you want to stay in town or do you need a little more space?" Chief asks.
If I stay in town, someone will see me. I have to get out of here. "Somewhere else." Looking at my dad, I say "Mom will notice if you drive my car home."
"I can give him a ride. Say his car broke down."
"Will she believe you?" I ask my dad.
"Since it's a truck, I can tell her it got stuck. She won't come out and look. I don't think she'll realize I left to go after you. I told her I had a call. It's not unusual in my job."
"Laurel, the main thing here is no one would expect you to just take off. Jack has the ability and time to search for your car. Where does he think you would go?" Chief asks.
"I don't have anywhere to go," I tell him, honestly.
"Okay, so he's gonna check with your parents and Gen. As long as he doesn't find your car, he won't think you're missing. Take your Dad's truck. Here's a phone I want you to use. It's one of mine. He's bound to check your records and I want you to be able to call us. We gotta go. I wanna be able to answer honestly if anyone asks if I've seen you."
"What will you say?" I ask Chief.
"That I saw you yesterday like everyone else. Which means I gotta skedaddle before midnight. Don't you worry your pretty little head. Call if you need anything." He gives me a hug and a kiss on the cheek. 
My dad hands me an envelope before crushing me to him and kissing me on the forehead. "It's all I have. I got paid in cash yesterday for vaccinations. Lucky for us, bank day isn't until tomorrow morning. You take care of you. I hope you figure out what you want before you get to Canada. I love you, Laurel. We'll take care of the girls."
He walks off towards Chief's car. I hear a phone ring. Chief, still standing outside the car, looks at me before answering. "Yeah?"
He waves goodbye and they leave. I'm left standing here with two vehicles. I say goodbye to my car and climb in Dad's truck. I don't know what they plan for my car. I don't doubt they're right. I have plenty of time before Jack starts checking the creek bed, but if he finds my abandoned car...
I pull out of the back road, taking a right on Front Street extended. I haven't been south of my parents farm since I first got my drivers license. This is the fastest way out of town without being noticed. I pass no cars as I continue through farm country. 
Was that Jack that called Chief? Would he call out of work and wait for me? Would he even notice I'm not home? What if he drops the girls off and goes straight to work without checking? They could be left on the doorstep waiting all night. My car isn't in the driveway. Did he notice I didn't have my purse when I stormed out? Would he think I got a ride home? Maybe he thought I had my keys in my nonexistent pocket? Or I broke into our house?
Chief’s right. I've got to focus on me. They know I'm not there. They'll check on the girls. Right? Dad promised.
I promise to figure out the answer to Chiefs question as I drive along in the darkest of nights, no homes, no businesses, no other escapees running lose. For over an hour, I drive and I think. I don't turn on the radio. I refuse to let it go. Why did I run out the door instead of telling Jack to go to hell?
I can't blame my mom for this. She has no problem telling others what she thinks. And my dad, he never ran. He understood. Matthew, he didn't run initially. He comes back often enough to make it clear he's not a part of us anymore.
I'm not afraid of rejection, right? I know what I want, right? I have boundaries and I know when to say, do it yourself. I refuse to involve myself when I know no answer exists. That doesn't make me a bad person. Or weak. I save my energy for...what?
I'm useless. Anyone could do my so called job. They choose not to. Or they do my job and Jack's. I don't know if I should envy or pity women like Lynn. Would it be better if I didn't have Jack?
Two and a half hours after I left my dad and Chief, I come upon a popular beach town. Contemplating my accommodations for the evening, I decide a chain hotel is probably safest. All I want is a hot bubble bath and my boring pajamas. Crap! I'm still in my stupid dressy clothes. Add this to the list of many reasons I dress for anything, minus to impress.
An everything from uncooked baked potatoes to baby store is coming up on my right, just before a hotel. I pull into the thriving parking lot, grab the envelope my dad gave me and my purse. 
The store is open and swarming with people. I can't imagine living somewhere milk is available twenty four hours a day. Do these people know what it is to plan? Can you still be responsible if you don't have to stress about having enough eggs for breakfast twelve hours from now? 
I grab a basket, quickly filling it with lavender baby shampoo, a comb, a tooth brush, travel sized toothpaste and deodorant, a lovely two piece pajama set with cats, and clean underwear. I opt for a pair of yoga pants, a t-shirt and cheap flip flops for tomorrow. I add a store brand tote to serve as my suitcase.
Paying for my necessities, I pull out the envelope. I don't have time to count it but it's more than enough. Did my dad think I wasn't coming back, did he hope?
The cashier was nice enough to pack my bag. I drive the car one lot over, pulling into my home for the night. Walking inside, I'm assaulted with the sweet smell of chargrilled burgers with sautéed onions. I walked out on dinner hours ago.
The desk clerk gives me a room with no problems. I had to leave a credit card on file but she promised not to run it. I take the risk because I need a bed and a bathtub for the night. I wouldn't consider a room that doesn't check your identity.
I get my key and directions to the lounge. The on site restaurant is quiet, an ideal intimate setting. I order the burger that called me with a side salad and an extra large strawberry daiquiri. The bartender tells me he can have it delivered. I accept and head to my room.
A clean elevator ride and three stories later, my feet beg me to release them into the soft fibers of the hallway carpet. Almost there, I vow. As I unlock the door, I think about how Lanie and Ruthie would argue over sharing a bed if they were here. 
The last time we stayed in a hotel, Ruthie was six. The arguments were just starting. I remember thinking I was crazy for contemplating giving up my spot next to my husband. Now I'm standing here, looking at a bed my husband won't be sharing; closing a door behind me he doesn't have the key to. I unpack in a bathroom Lanie won't demand to use.
I sit on the bed, awaiting my strawberry daiquiri that will smell like Ruthie. I take a deep breath, chasing away the reminders of the family who doesn't know where I am. What are they thinking? Do they care?
I look at the bedside clock. Twelve fifteen. It's too late to find out anything now. I think about calling Chief, but a knock at the door makes my tummy growl. 
I tip the nice man and close the door behind him. I take a sip of my drink, letting the strawberries slide over my tongue. Walking into the bathroom, I start the tub. The lavender will chase away the strawberries. As the steaming water works its way to the brim, I retrieve my tray and set it on the edge. Clothes off, I slip into the bubbles. I unwrap my burger and take a bite. Not thinking, but taking care of me.
My me time is interrupted long after my burger was eaten and every drop of strawberry goodness was sipped. I finished pruning about twenty minutes ago. Still, I stayed in the tub experiencing the change from hot to cool, thinking it would give me insight. When did I turn cold? Was it a gradual process? Was it the atmosphere? Did someone dump a bucket of ice in my life?
The phone ringing is an unwelcome intrusion. Reality collides with realism, reminding me I'm still wet. I carefully maneuver around the tray filled with empty dirty dishes and wrap my clean body in a towel. 
The ringing stops. Still angry over the disturbance, afraid of the reason and aching for the cold tub, I tiptoe to my purse looking for the source. The phone Chief gave me wasn't the suspect. My cellphone is blinking red. The police station.
He's at work. Who has my babies? I have to know. I push the button for voicemail and enter my pin with bated breath. My heart is about to leap out of my chest. My dad made a promise. He and Chief said to take care of me. Is this taking care of me?
"It's me. I never really believed you would try to sabotage my job but uh, it didn't work. I'm here and my mom says you're still not home. I called Gen. She says she doesn't know where you are. I'm not sure I believe her. I'll call your mom in the morning if you're not there when I get home." Click.
That's it. No where are you. No I'm sorry. Just empty accusations and threats. Does he think telling me he's going to call my mommy will work? At least I know Carmela is with the kids. I want to call but I can't. It's just after one in the morning. 
Okay. It's okay. This is about me, not Jack. A few deep breaths later, I don my new cat pajamas, brush my teeth and sit the tray outside the door. I have an overwhelming urge to take it down to the kitchen and wash the dishes. Shaking my head at my domestic tendencies, I close the door and lock myself in. 
Crawling into bed, I decide tonight to let the sun work its magic. It's been a long day. I forgive myself for not being able to figure out why. I give in willingly to the sleep pulling heavier around me.
-----@-----
The answer didn't come during continental breakfast. I didn't find it in my makeshift suitcase as I repacked my minuscule belongings. I checked out of the hotel at eleven. I got back in dad's truck and headed for the beach. I stopped at a row of small stores and raided a blanket and an organic coffee. I drove dad's truck to the ocean, probably the first time it had ever seen it. With my coffee in one hand, my blanket in the other, I clumsily crossed the bright warm sand against the blinding wind. Spreading out my barrier, I hunkered down, deciding to let the tides pull me and push me into understanding.
So here I sit, somewhere closer to low than high, listening to the seagulls talk about the people who've drifted along. The lifeguard stands, still covered from the previous winter, stand guard on either side of me without invading my privacy. Beach goers walk by, surfers practice persistence. Yet, I sit and I watch, waiting for that answer.
As the sun dances lower along the horizon, I decide, the answer isn't within me. I am not the problem. I grab my empty coffee cup and the water bottle I'm glad I thought to bring and shake off the sand from my blanket.
The walk back to the truck doesn't seem as lonely as I expected. The ocean waves beat their thanks against the shore, promising it will be there if I ever want to come back for a chat. I roll out of the parking lot, back into traffic. One road at a time, I set my plan into action. 
Pulling off into a half abandoned truck stop, I call Chief. "Hey there Momma bear, how's it growling," he answers.
"I guess you can talk."
"Sure can. I just got home. I think Carmela may still be at yours."
"Did you see her this morning?"
"No. She called me at work to say she was putting the girls on the bus. She's worried about you and she didn't say it but I think she feels like me. We both knew it was coming."
"Does she think I ran away?"
"No honey. Well, you'd have to ask her cause I mean, you did sorta runaway but she wouldn't blame you for needing space. She's always telling you to stand up for yourself. You do what you gotta do. I'm sure she wishes you woulda called her."
"I will. Look Chief, I'm coming home. I didn't figure out the answer yet but I think I need to be there."
"That there is an answer. Drive safe, sweetheart. I'm here if you need me."
 "Thanks Chief." I hang up realizing he didn't mention Jack. 
I take advantage of all the truck stop has to offer, including a light lunch and another coffee. I have a long road ahead of me.
I drive the two and a half hours back in almost twice as much time. The tunnel linking the mainland to our little peninsula is backed up with people going who knows where. The tunnel dropped us off and the other drivers dispersed into the land of where the hell did they all go. After that, it was smooth sailing. No one has any reason to follow me home. The drive is as barren as the town I’m fastly approaching. I turn left down the road my dad left me on last night. I didn't want to go past his house in case my mother happens to be looking out the window and witnesses his truck driving by. I expect nothing less.
“Hello?” my dad says warily upon answering the phone. I’m calling from the phone Chief gave me.
“Dad, it’s me.”
“Hey, sweetheart, how you feeling?”
“I’m not sure, but I came back. I’m at the same spot you left me last night.”
“Okay, you’re mom isn’t here. Come on home and I’ll take you to get your car,” he tells me.
“Sure. See you in a minute.”
I put his truck back in gear and make my way to my childhood home less than five minutes away. He’s waiting outside on the back steps when I pull up. He walks over to greet me while I’m getting out. Giving me a tight hug, he says, “So, any mind blowing revelations?”
Chuckling at his good humor he’s known for, I respond with, “no. But whatever it is I’m looking for is here.”
He furrows his brow, hands on his hips looking at his boots. He looks back at me and says, “and what might that be?”
“I’m not sure. Dad, I’ve always known what I wanted and where I wanted to go. The problem is, I feel like I’m stuck.”
“Ah, okay. I get it. You can’t get your wheels moving. So you tried going in forward and reverse and now you’re gettin out of the truck to see what you’re stuck on?”
“Exactly!” We smile at each other for a whole minute. His warmth gives me the hope I need to figure this madness out. It’s gonna be okay. For the first time in a very long time, I’m breathing without forcing my lungs to control it. 
I walk around to the passenger side as he uses the side step to climb in the driver’s seat. I can’t tease him for it because I have to do the same thing. He’s got quite a few inches on me, but it’s still nothing to brag about.
As we head north on the main road, I ask him, “where’s my car?”
He looks like a little kid caught doing something extra naughty. And rather impressed with his ability to not get caught. “You’ll see. Brilliant if you ask me.”
We drive just past the middle of town, past the police station, and he says, “It’s not foolproof. I can’t make any promises, but we haven’t heard anything, so far. And if anyone was going to notice, it would have been Jack.”
I am so confused. What did he do, park it in the next door neighbor’s drive way. We make a right just past Chuck’s and the Café du Us. An empty lot with a fence greets us. Inside is a bunch of broken down cars. I look at my dad, even more confused. He pulls out his phone and a few seconds later, I hear, “we’re here.” He hangs up and tells me, “Chief will be here in a minute with the keys.” 
“What exactly is this? Did you recycle my car?” I wave towards the lot for emphasis.
“No, it’s the impound lot.”
“Are you serious? Won’t they have a record of my car being here?”
“They shouldn’t. Chief did it off the record. The tags are under the seat.”
“How did you two get my car here without Jack noticing? Or mom?”
“Oh, we waited until she went to bed, but before Jack left for work. You know how she is, she likes to go to bed and read. When Carmela got the call to sit with the girls, he called me and I snuck out.”
“You snuck out? You’re a grown man?” I cannot believe this. 
“Yeah, well, sometimes making sure no one finds out is better than dealing with the fallout.” With my mother, that is truer than even he could ever know.
I’m still trying to come to terms with the dads acting like delinquent teens when Chief pulls up. We get out to meet him at the gate. He unlocks it, letting my dad go through to retrieve my car that is hopefully still there and not crushed. “How you doing Momma bear?”
“Confused. How did you know Jack wouldn’t find my car here?” I ask, imploring him with my puzzled expression.
“I didn’t but it’s closed from sundown to sunup. I was counting on him being more eager to get home this morning than doing an inventory of the impound yard,” Chief says, smiling and watching my dad trying to squeeze my car out of its hiding spot.
“If you two managed to pull this off… You knew I’d come back.”
“Yep, I know those girls are you’re world. They’re mine, too. Figured if you didn’t come back before Sunday morning we’d figure something else out.”
I groan. I forgot Jack doesn't go back to work for two days. Dad pulls my car out, gets out with my license plate and a screw driver. After replacing it, he gives me a hug telling me he loves me before he leaves me standing there with Chief. “Thanks Chief. For everything.” I pull the phone he gave me out of my purse, handing it to him. I forgot to return my dad’s money. I haven’t been home an hour and I’m already losing my mind. 
Giving me a hug, he says, “anytime. Bring the girls over later if you need to. I know you two need to talk.” Need doesn’t mean I want to. 
“Okay.” He gets in his patrol car and takes off, probably home to his loving wife who has no idea what he’s been up to for the last twenty four hours. I get in my car and head home to my girls. 
 

Chapter 10



I pull up in the driveway maintaining the two miles an hour I drove to get here. I don’t see Jack’s car but I do see Carmela’s. I’m not sure which one would have been listed as my worst case scenario. I bite the bullet and exit my car. Fresh cut grass lingers in the air tinged with notes of delicate floral. The roses are planted just as I imagined. The hydrangea is mourning the loss of the sun. The mountain laurel looks lost in our oversized front yard. The mulch is laid in neat circles surrounding all of them, individually. Shaking my head, I use my keys to enter the house. Carmela hears me enter and rushes in from the living room to greet me. 
“Laurel, sweetheart, I was so worried!” She gives me a bone crunching hug, squeezing the life out of me. 
“I’m really sorry Carmela. Thank you for taking care of Lanie and Ruthie.”
“Nonsense! Never apologize for how you feel. Are you okay now?” She follows me to the couch. We both sit and I grab a throw pillow, hugging it to my chest. It’s so hard to look at her but I owe her this.
“I don’t know. I haven’t figured out how I feel but I knew I needed to come home.” She gives me a warm smile and looks up, thinking. I can’t tell if she doesn’t know what to say or if she’s biting her tongue.
Licking her lips, decision made, she says, “Don’t ever apologize for something you need. Only you know what is best for you. My biggest fear is that you worry so much about what everyone else wants and needs, you neglect what your heart is saying to you.”
My heart? I haven’t talked to my heart in… I don’t know. Did I ever ask my heart what it wanted? I know I love Lanie and Ruthie and this woman right here. I just nod my head and get up to walk into the kitchen. She follows me and sits at the breakfast nook. “Tea?” I ask her.
“I’d love some. And if it’s okay, I’d like to stay until I know you don’t need me anymore.” Forever works for me, too.
“Hot or iced?” 
“Hot, please.” She's sitting demurely, legs crossed, hands folded on top of the table. I’ve never seen this posture on her and it makes me think I’m in for a scolding. “The girls are asleep. They were up last night waiting for you to come home and this morning, I found them in your bed.” Damn you Jack. If he had just told them I was sick and closed the bedroom door. No, they would have checked. This is my fault. What am I going to say to them?
“Did they ask where I was?”
“No. And I didn’t volunteer anything. I didn’t know what was going on. Laurel, I’m sorry if I made you feel pushed into standing up for yourself with that waitress.”
“I’m not sure what my breaking point was.” Double sigh. I did not mean to admit that I lost my cool. “Was it ever like that with Chief?”
“Yeah.” Her smile is pure nostalgia. “When we dated, we couldn’t have a normal conversation without interruptions. Damian was real popular in school. I turned him down so many times because I didn’t want the drama that was bound to come with it.”
“So, what happened? Why did you say yes?”
“It seems silly now. He tricked me. Made up a fake study group. Well, the study group was real. He told me it was outside, by the park. I showed up, too absorbed in reading to notice it was way past time to start. He cleared his throat and said, ‘so are you taking this study group on a solo route?’ I looked at my watch and saw it was thirty after the scheduled time. Only he and I were there. He said ‘the real group is in the cafeteria. If you hurry, you can still get a good twenty minutes worth.’ I was so mad at him. But I figured what’s the point. We ended up walking around town for a couple hours. Talking. I liked him. A lot. Well, you know how it ends.”
“How did you handle people pretending you were invisible?” I ask her, handing her a cup of tea and taking a seat next to her. She takes a moment to add sugar while I do the same before answering.
“I got involved in the conversation. In a bad way. I threw out a lot of is that so’s and oh, but you must tell us more. I would get overly excited and start jumping up and down in my seat begging them to stay. I’d have been quick to tell that waitress last night she just had to join us.” 
“So you tactfully scared them away?”
“Oh yeah. And it was brutal after he became Chief. I perfected the death stare when Jack was born. I did not want people touching my baby. I’ll be the first to admit it, I was awful.  When I said you have to fight for your husband, I meant it.”
This is giving me an idea. I think I might just get out of this situation with a bang.
“Where is Jack?” I ask her.
“I couldn’t tell you. He left right after he woke up today. I’m thinking he went looking for you.”
I doubt it. I don’t tell her about the message he left. I can’t keep her on my side if I talk trash about her beloved baby. The clock shows a little after ten thirty. 
"Are you still going to the Boys in Blue tomorrow night? Gen has a surprise for you?"
"How mad is she?"
"She didn't say anything to me. Just told me tell you to call her and you better be there tomorrow night."
There's no need to put it off. What I'm facing with her is nothing like what I'm facing with the man himself.  "I'll be right back," I tell her. I refresh my hot tea before collecting my phone and stepping out on the porch for a little privacy. She answers on the first ring.
"Hey girl! I didn't want to call you and demand you tell me what the hell happened but now that you're calling, what the hell happened?"
"I'm not sure. I guess it was the stress of everything. I needed a little time to think." I'm not ready to tell anyone what Jack said. I'm not ready to face that at all.
 "I feel you. After Jack called me last night, I expected you to show up on my doorstep. I waited until I knew he had to be at work and figured you must have gone home by then."
What? She doesn't know I pulled a runner? "Carmela told me to call you."
"Yeah, last night when we were in the restaurant, I got a text from Robert. He wants to be my date for tomorrow night! Can you believe it?" I can feel her excitement through the phone. No sign of disappointment that I wasn't there to share her news with her. That makes me feel worse.
"He wants the first time you two to meet to be in a room full of cops?"
"I know, right? That takes serious balls. And wins him like a million brownie points. I told him how I always feel like the joker at these things. I mean, I only get invited because of Chief. I'm a desk clerk."
I don't try to argue with her. We've been down this road a few times. "I think it's great. I like him already."
"Yeah, well, those princess dresses we bought better get some use. You, me and Carmela eleven a.m. tomorrow at the salon. We're going to the one my mom goes to. Be ready! I'm picking you both up." She hangs up before I can say anything. 
Well, tomorrow night isn't just about Jack. It's about Gen and Carmela, too. I can do this. I can keep it not about him. 
I go back inside to find Carmela still at the table; only Jack is sitting in the seat I vacated. My feet stumble and the words get caught in my throat. I was hoping to be asleep before he came back. He's looking at me like he wants to pick up where we left off outside the women's bathroom.
"Laurel, honey, have a seat," Carmella says, picking up my urge to run. Jack turns his accusing stare on her. Something passes between them, the smile still hung loosely on her face. She's trying to diffuse the situation. I don't want her to leave. I take the chair next to her. Sitting across from him seems like the better option.
"I talked to Gen," I say to Carmela. Well, if he didn't know I wasn't with her before, he does now.
"Where were you," he says without looking at me. I set my phone on the table in front of us. Looking at it, I recall his cold message. Empty threats. I wrap my hands around my mug, seeking warmth and solace.
"Where were you last Friday?" I didn't want to make an enemy of his mom, but he set the stage. There's no going back. He looks at his mom. She looks at the clock. I don't see judgment in her eyes, or surprise. 
Jack swallows uncomfortably. Folding his hands on the table, head forward, shoulders relaxed, he says, "I don't want to fight with you. I'd like you to be able to tell me what happened last night won't happen again tomorrow night."
Is he making sure his babysitter is still employed? His escort to the ball? Yeah, and ditto buddy. Wouldn't we all. "I can't make any promises at this point. But if I decide I need some breathing room again, I'll make sure it doesn't interfere with you." That's as good as he's gonna get. Screw him!
Still looking down, he says, "yeah, okay." 
I look at Carmela. I don't know what to do. She gives me a questionable nod. "I'm gonna get home to Chief. I'll see you in the morning. Get some rest, both of you." She gives us both cheek kisses and lets herself out. I stay in my seat, frozen, staring at the clock.
Five minutes later, he says, "Can I ask why you did it?" 
"Jack, it's not all about you either. Or the girls. Or work."
"Then what?"
I can't help the ironic humph that escapes. He finally looks at me. I know I'm giving him a face full of pity. "Who else?"
"I don't know what you're trying to say, Laurel."
I can't look at him while I say this. "At some point, I stopped mattering."
"So you chose last night to make it a point?"
He doesn't get it. Has he ever had to put himself in someone else's shoes? "I didn't choose anything, it chose me." And that's how I feel. I don't think I ever chose Jack. He chose me and refused to let go. If I hadn't had him to fall back on, what would I have done? I didn't know about student loans fifteen years ago.
"I told the girls you weren't feeling good. I'm not sure they believed me because you weren't here. You're gonna have to tell them something."
"I didn't ask you to cover for me. I don't lie to my kids. What do you think I do when you don't show up?"
"Our kids."
"What?"
"They're our kids. I don't know what you tell them when I'm not here."
"I don't. If they haven't figured it out by now, they will eventually. Painting them a picture isn't my responsibility."
"Do you hate me?"
How do I answer that? I'm silent so long he gives in and moves on.
"Okay, do you love me?" That's worse. God, can we go back to question one?
"I didn't see that coming," he mutters. 
 "I'm going to bed." I take my cold mug to the sink and leave him sitting there, my phone still on the table. I have nothing to hide from him.
I make my way upstairs and into the attached bathroom. I turn the shower on hot, strip down and let the water carry away my tears. I'm backed into a wall again. Do I love him? Is it love that makes me so desperate for him to see me? Did the hate win out after his cruel words and cold message last night?
After washing off that conversation I wrap myself up and return to the cool bedroom. Jack is sitting on the bed in his pajamas, his back to me. I struggle into clothes with my towel still on. I walk to the bed, hand on the covers, diary on the bed. I freeze.
"I didn't know if it was new or old. So I only read the last page. I was trying to do you a favor by putting the yearbook back in the box. I saw it. Sticking out of your sweaters. I, uh, I'm glad it was me and not the girls."
I can't speak. I don't have a leg to stand on. It's over between us. He knows I never wanted this. Oh God, he knows our entire life is a lie. There's no point in defending myself.
"Are you gonna say anything?" he asks, so quietly I thought I thought it.
"I can't. I mean, I wrote that fifteen years ago."
"So you don't feel that way anymore? What, once we had the girls you decided we were enough for you?"
I can't lie to him. This isn't his fault. How can I fix this? I don't have the answers he wants. I climb into bed, under the thick comforter I usually toss to the foot of the bed, and turn my back to him. "You stopped loving me a long time ago." It slipped. It's not a defense. I have no defense.
"I wonder why. Did you think I would look past you not wanting this forever? Do you think I can't tell you're not happy?"
I deserve that. And yes. 
"I can't look at you right now. I'm sleeping on the couch." He grabs his pillow and he's gone, leaving me alone. The quietness mocks me. This is what I wanted. My tears build, but I refuse them. This is what I wanted. I carry those words into my dreams.
I wake up overheated and unable to move. Fighting to get free, I uncover spiky black and curly brown locks. They both slowly rouse from sleep. Two sets of sleepy eyes greet my guilty ones. I'm not ready for this. Seeing I'm awake, they crush me to them, smothering my face in kisses.
"We missed you Momma," Ruthie says.
"Please don't leave us again," Lanie cries.
"I didn't leave you girls. I wouldn't leave you," I try to explain.
"Was it the play Momma? Did it make you sad?" Ruthie asks.
"Oh, honey, yeah it did make me sad. But that's not why. Would you really move to the moon?"
"Not without you. And Lanie. And Dad. And Nonna and Chief. And Grampy. And Grammy. She'd be sad if we left her here alone." Would she? Would my dad miss her?
"If we could move to the moon, and that's a big if, if all of you are going, I'm staying here. I'd like to see all of you try living together. And Grammy sleeping on rocks? Yeah, I'll pass," Lanie says.
After a much needed laugh, we all settle back down, them giving me room to breathe. Staring at the ceiling, I silently list all of the reasons I'm thankful. These two accept me for who I am, no questions asked. No matter where I go, I want them with me. The others, I don't know. How would it affect my dad if I moved to the moon? Nonna and Chief? Would they follow us? 
"Do you feel better, Momma?" Ruthie asks.
"Of course she does or she wouldn't be back, right?" Lanie says.
"Yeah," I say to Lanie. Turning to Ruthie, I tell her, "I'm getting there." She nods, we share a secret smile and she jumps out of my bed. Lanie follows her, yelling about the last of the orange juice.
I roll over and curl back up. I know I need to go make breakfast. I need to get dressed. The clock says a little before eight. I can steal a few more minutes. 
There was a time when Jack was my world. I know it has to be true. I can't remember it. I can't feel it. I feel empty, like it was all a lie. Footsteps alert me to rein my thoughts in. Dresser drawers opening and closing, the bathroom door shuts. I have to get up. I'm not ready to face him.
As I reach the bottom of the steps, I'm greeted with blueberry pancakes. The girls are at the breakfast nook, silently eating. The clanking of forks and clinking of glasses remind me life is all around me. A good life. I take their advice and fill a plate. Adding a little butter and syrup and a glass of milk, I join them and we eat in peace. Every bite is a reminder of what could have been.
The girls take their plates to the sink and run upstairs. I stay in my seat, savoring every bite. Did Carmela make these yesterday? I reluctantly stop myself from licking my plate and abandon my dishes with the girls'. The coffee is freshly brewed, calling my name. Grabbing a mug from the tree, I turn for the sugar and see a bowl on the stove dripping with fresh batter. 
He made the girls breakfast. It's not that I doubted his abilities. Why would he do something to help me? Is he trying to cover up his guilt? For what? What does he need forgiveness for?
"Don't act so surprised. I can cook, you know," he says from behind me. I didn't hear him come in. I thought I would have time to escape his negativity. I finish adding sugar at what I hope is a normal pace, not wanting him to know he's making me uncomfortable in my kitchen. 
I need milk. I hope he's still behind me. I take the risk and head to the refrigerator, eyes on my coffee. A hard body steps into my path. "Watch it. I just put this shirt on."
"Please move."
"I did. You ran right into me." He's deliberately pushing me. I look up, venom spewing his way to see compassion filling his face. "You can't avoid me forever."
"I'm not the one who slept on the couch." Why is he putting this on me?
"You think the silent treatment is a solution? You think I don't deserve an explanation?" Has he lost his mind? Is this the same man who doesn't respect me enough to call when he's gonna be late or not bother to come home? Argh! 
"What do you want from me? I want milk. Please get out of my way."
He inches over enough for me to get by, still close enough I can feel his breath. Calm, collected. He's not as bothered by me as he leads me to believe. I follow his lead, opening the refrigerator door, extracting the milk and pouring, focusing on not giving me anymore reason to stick around for his intimidation.
He's bullying me. The girls will be back down soon, taking over the house with their usual cheerfulness. I can't let them find me cornered by their beloved father. I put the milk back and close the refrigerator door. Decision made, I will diffuse this situation. Now is not the time.
"What are you afraid of?" he asks. He's blocking my path to the porch, my escape. Afraid? He thinks I'm afraid because there's a time and a place for drama and this isn't it? He has some nerve!
"I'm not afraid of you."
"I didn't say you were. I asked what are you afraid of."
Lots of stuff. Snakes, sink holes, quick sand, losing my girls. I shake my head at that last thought. They'd have to let me go for them to lose me. "Nothing."
"Bullshit." He is beyond pissing me off now. He wants to tell me how I should think and feel? Call me out on my lies? 
"Hey pot, screw you. When you're ready to confess all your dark secrets, I'll share mine. I'm following your example," I tell him.
"Hey Momma," Ruthie calls, "what time is Grammy gonna be here."
"You're still making them go there?" Jack asks.
"Why wouldn't I?"
"You're still going tonight?"
Smiling brightly, I tell him, "of course."
I leave him standing there. I turn my back on him; go upstairs to answer Ruthie and continue on to my room, enjoying my coffee while I get ready for a day with my favorite ladies. 
 
Chapter 11



A knock at the door draws all of our attention. The girls jump up and run upstairs to grab their overnight bags. Jack comes in from out back. "Your mom's here."
Really? Has he always treated me like a kid? I reluctantly peel myself off the couch and go answer her demanding.
"It's about time. Did I wake you up?"
"Yeah Mom, you did. Thanks. I don't know what I would do without you."
The girls give me hugs and kisses goodbye, wishing me luck tonight and telling me to take lots of pictures. Yeah, sure I will. Jack follows them out.
"Do you always have to get smart with me?" my mother asks.
"Do you always have to treat me like I'm incapable?" She shakes her head at me. "We'll pick them up at church in the morning."
"Don't bother. After that stunt you pulled last week, I think it's better if you take the week off," she says, voice filled with disdain.
"Okay," I admit, properly chastised, "dinner then?"
"I won't be having dinner tomorrow. We'll drop them off after church. Try not to sleep all day." What the hell? Who is this woman? I thought she had limits to her bitterness. I can't find it in my heart to say anything else. I'm terrified she'll take it out on my girls. They'll be okay, right? My dad will make sure she doesn't eat them.
She struts back to the car and climbs inside. I wave the girls goodbye, wishing them all the luck they gave me plus what I missed before the play. They'll be okay. God, I feel like a bad mother. I'm still standing there watching the empty road when Gen pulls up. She rolls down the passenger window and yells past Carmela, "get your ass in the car princess!"
I grab my purse and close the door behind me. I guess Jack walked around through the gate. He didn't walk past me, that's for sure. I climb in the backseat and Carmela says, "she did the same thing to me. Only I got the full horn treatment with neighbors and Chief."
"Hell yeah, I did! Chief was laughing so hard he almost fell getting into his car."
"Thanks, Gen. I appreciate it," I tell her.
"Oh don't you worry, you have lots of treatments coming your way. I'm saving all the embarrassment for Carmela."
Carmela smiles at her, ready for anything she has to offer. I wish I could be like these two. Relaxed, confident, fearless. What am I afraid of?
The salon Gen takes us to is north of town. It's in a private home about a mile off the main road. "Tressa's" caters to women who need to be eye candy for the day or evening. Gen swears people drive hours for her exquisite treatment. I trust her judgment.
"Ladies, ladies, ladies! Welcome to Tressa's. Our goal is to make you mentally ready for your performance tonight," a woman I'm guessing is Tressa says in way of greeting. Performance? 
"Come this way. We're going to start with herbal tea and cucumber sandwiches. The outside doesn't have a chance if you don't nourish the inside," she continues. Okay. That doesn't scream torture. She leads us into a Japanese themed sitting area. It's dull with no color, white with specks of black here and there.
"Leave your shoes right there," she says, pointing to a rug at the entrance. We sit down on oversized throw pillows spread around a low table, watching her distribute three separate pots and three mini cups. She places a basket of assorted teas in the middle. A different girl brings a tray of small sandwiches.
We make our teas and sip, waiting. I want to laugh. A look at Carmela makes it worse. She's being prim and proper, pinkie stuck out, lips pursed. Gen is bobbing her head to music we don't hear. I roll the jasmine notes over my tongue. Is this what she hears?
A few cucumber sandwiches and a spot of tea later, the lady I believe to be Tressa comes back to get us. "Okay ladies, now the real fun begins. We're gonna start with a soak in an Epsom bath, followed by a kelp wrap and finally, a massage. So come right this way."
She leads us to a room with one large stone pool, separated into multiple tubs by layers of rocks. Handing us towels, she instructs us to undress and submerse. We take turns using the changing room, Gen going first. Carmela goes next and I stand by, watching Gen lower herself into the first tub. "Ahhhhhh. My Lord that is freaking fabulous!"
I am so jealous. Carmela comes out and my doubt disappears. I hear her sigh of delight through the dressing room door. I step out seconds later wrapped in a plush towel. The rock walls cover our shoulders, letting us see each other's faces. If I wanted to disappear, I could drop down a little deeper. 
The steam rising around us chases away all the stress I've been carrying. I inch down just past my shoulders. "This is the life!" Gen says.
"Oh, don't I know it. I want a tub like this in my bathroom," Carmella says.
"Just like this? So the whole family can soak together?" Gen asks.
"Okay, maybe just one. Or three. I wouldn't mind sharing it with Damian but I'd want him in my tub. You girls are welcome anytime."
"Yeah I don't know about that. I love you and Chief to pieces but there's no way I could be in the same room with you two in the same tub," I tell her. 
We soak until the water cools. Tressa pulls us out and leaves us in a room to be wrapped. Thirty minutes later, we're slowly unpeeled and massaged. The almond and jojoba oil they marinate us in, along with the vanilla candles and instrumental lullabies have us all unable to speak. I'm drawn into a place where thoughts aren't welcome. I wish I could live here forever.
We slowly rise from our pampered comas with instructions to dress in robes and slippers. Our next stop is pedicures, followed by manicures. Gen chooses a coral that would never work on me. Carmela goes brilliant red, to match her dress. I go soft pink. I'm not ready to make a statement. 
Our nails continue to dry while our hair is washed, trimmed and styled. Our eyebrows are shaped and makeup applied fittingly. I look at Gen and Carmela, sitting on either side of me. I look at all three of us, together, in the mirror. We are ready to take on the world.
We thank Tressa and climb back in the car, this time a little more graceful. We are ladies now, for the day and the rest of the night. They drop me back off at home with promises to see me soon; all of us excited to see the complete project. A glance at the clock in the kitchen shows four o'clock. 
With nothing else to do except slip into my dress, I pick up where I left off this morning. I make a new pot of coffee and track down my latest neglected book. Jack is nowhere to be found. Curling up on my lounger, I drift off into a different world, replenishing my energy.
"You want to get dressed or did you change your mind?" Jack asks.
He looks great, as usual. He's wearing the same tailored black suit he has for the past five years. He bought it for the first award he received. A new button down shirt, a royal blue this year and he is properly revamped. I don't know if I envy him or pity the lack of flair. No tie, so maybe he doesn't care.
I don't answer. Shaking my head to ward off the comments begging to be released, I ignore him and me and go upstairs to dress. I had to buy undergarments specifically for this. Brand new and bundled together, I don't have to waste time contemplating. In less than ten minutes, I'm back downstairs, strappy black heels already fastened. 
I grab my wrap from the coat closet and my evening bag from a drawer in the hall table. Five minutes later, I'm tapping my foot. Jack comes in ready to do his are you coming spew to find me waiting for him. He stops abruptly, what he was doing forgotten.
I step outside and wait by the hydrangea. He locks the door and walks past me, stopping beside my car. It's nice to know he isn't that conceited. I open my own door, proudly, knowing he alone can't dictate my femininity. I'm all woman tonight. I plan to stand on my own two feet.
He steals looks at me along the way. We don't have far to go. This evening’s venue is the convention center on the north end of town. I would have walked the three blocks any other time. It doubles as the only hotel in town, mainly used to house kids who don't want to go back home when they visit and residents who are too drunk to drive home after events like tonight.
Parking is scarce but we get lucky, taking a spot vacated by a vendor. Jack cuts off the car and looks over like he has something to say. I get out and slam the door, cutting off his attempt to ruin my night. He takes the hint and follows me inside.
Carmella is standing proudly next to Chief, looking stunning in her red strapless floor length dress. Chief looks commanding in his pinstriped suit; the black on black demanding attention. His short black hair a complete contrast to Carmela's toppling curls. 
"Laurel, you do look stunning. I never see you with your hair up. It works!" she says to me. 
"Thank you. When the stylist recommended a bun I thought it would be too severe."
"Nonsense. It brings attention to your neck and shoulders. The low cut of that dress demands it. And I love how the silver moves like a river every time you do."
"Thank you. Gen and I were looking for something that would allow us to eat."
"Hmmm. I didn't think about that. I'll just have to sit after dinner."
"Well my, my. Look at you two looking all drop dead gorgeous! I'm gonna stand here so I fit in!" Gen says, walking in looking like a total princess in her taupe empire waist dress, with who I'm guessing is Robert. Leaning over to hug me she says, "isn't he yummy?"
I smile proudly and nod. He looks like he fits in perfectly with Chief and Jack. I watch as he takes the initiative to introduce himself. "Laurel, right? I'm Robert. It's nice to finally meet you." 
Too confused to respond, I just shake his hand, wondering what she's been telling him. He moves on to Carmella, who kisses his cheek and tells him how much she appreciates him being here. Gen's parents are right behind them, talking to Chief. Cindy smiles at me and nods towards Robert. I nod back, conveying he meets my approval. 
I join Gen and Robert, her parents behind us as we make our way to the tables. We search out our seating arrangements, finding us all together at the head table with Chief and Jack. A glance at the table next to us shows the current mayor and half of the town council sitting together.  
Once we're settled, I glance around to see if any other surprises await us. Things look the same as they always do. Sixteen round tables covered in navy cloth and dressed with white centerpieces. A band is set up in front of a wooden dance floor. The caterers are beginning to swarm, offering champagne and bits of appetizers. 
Gen's grandparents amble over to our table, stopping to give her lots of love and see what all the fuss is with Robert. They take their seats with us, continuing their conversation. I'm half listening to them getting the inside scoop, the other half watching my husband play politics. 
I watch the attendees, fifty two officers and their dates along with important professionals; shake the hand of my husband before finding their seats. Carmela joins in, next in line after her husband, greeting and thanking everyone who passes. 
A glass of champagne and a sample of every hors'doeuvre later, Jack finally joins us with Chief and Carmella in tow. Mayor Thomas stands up to welcome us, gives a speech to try to secure his reelection and thanks us for attending. The award ceremony ensues. I stay seated and clap when appropriate. 
Jack is recognized and promoted to lieutenant, the highest rank under his dad. Another officer takes over as sergeant. The mayor finishes handing out medals for service, thanks the officers for their dedication and signals the beginning of the three course meal. 
I pick at my salad, scarf down the primed rib and glazed carrots, and savor for tiramisu for desert. I eat in silence, attempting to ignore the conversations blending around me. Everyone else is occupied, some like Gen on a first date, others singing the same song they rehearsed a hundred times before. 
As the meal wraps up, people scatter and regroup by gender. The wives club takes over our table. Gen and Robert head for the dance floor. I sit and I listen. I hear bits and pieces, some good and some in bad form. There seems to be jealousy filling the air. The wives club sticks together, forming a barrier built by strength. The other women watch from the side, wanting in but choosing to pout instead. 
I sit alone, in the middle, an outcast from it all. Ooh's and aah's signal the return of my husband. I watch as he walks up to his mom, takes her hand in his and leads her away. The other women fawn, testifying to the old adage of how a man treats his mother. I watch them dance and wonder.
Chief walks up and prods me out of my seat, he'll use any excuse to follow his wife. Grabbing my hand he drags my unwilling feet to the dance floor. "You look beautiful. I mean you always look beautiful," he chuckles pulling me closer and starting to dance.
"Thank you. You look... Dashing." He really does. I know he works hard to stay in shape.
 "You doing okay?" 
"Yeah."
"How do you feel about Jack's promotion?" I rest my head on his chest, getting lost in the motion while trying to get myself together. I am still so angry with him for using me and the girls; hurt beyond what I ever thought possible. He doesn't deserve that promotion.
Chief pulls back and lifts my chin. He checks my eyes and whatever he finds, encourages him to lead me off the dance floor. He takes me outside to a patio with tables and chairs. Did I need air? He urges me into a seat and takes the one across from me.
 
Chapter 12



"I don't usually get in the middle of you and Jack, but I'm gonna make an exception. In my opinion, you usually need all the facts to make a good call. I gave him the chance and he didn't take it," Chief says. He pauses.
"Last Friday," he continues. I suck in a breath. I don't wanna know. I know, as of last night, our marriage is over. I can accept it being my fault. I can deal with that. I don't want to hear this! "He was with me."
"What?! Why wouldn't he just tell me?" Why would he... Why? Why act guilty on purpose?
"I don't know. I mean, I do know. I get his reasons." He stands up and begins pacing in front of me, hands on hips under his suit jacket. He stops in front of me.  "He stopped by to see me at work." He looks at the doors we came out of and back at me. "I want to retire." Didn't see that coming. 
"I want to spend more time with Carmela, traveling while we're young enough to do it. I asked Jack to take over as Chief. The town would love it. He came by to tell me he didn't know if he could do it. I asked him to join me at Chuck's. A burger and a beer turned into eight. We were so drunk." He shakes his head, embarrassment dripping off him.
"We lost track of time. He told me he couldn't stay long. I think I needed to talk more than he did. He wouldn't call you to come get him. I called Carmela."
He felt more comfortable calling his mom over me? A sound on my right makes me look. Jack, sneaking in the shadows. 
"Please don't tell Her I'm thinking of retiring. I don't want to get her hopes up." Chief gives me kiss on the cheek before walking off, stopping to pat Jack on the shoulder. "You two need to learn how to talk," he says before leaving us alone. The door closes harshly behind him.
I get up and walk over to where Jack's leaning against the railing, hands gripping it, head down. "Why would you do that? Make me think... I don't know what I thought."
He humphs. A small chuckle barely escapes. "Don't you get it? You don't care."
"Did you think I wouldn't care enough to notice? Where you waiting for me to yell and scream at you?" I'm surprised I'm managing a calm voice.
"I didn't want you to see me like that." He raises his head, looking straight at me, daring me to figure out what he means. "Unlike you, I care how you see me. I lost control. I was embarrassed. I couldn't chance you asking why. Because I would've had to lie to you. But you know something. I should've known you wouldn't ask."
I step back, away from him. Taking a seat, I try to remember what he said. I don't care how he sees me? "You don't see me." I tell him.
He does laugh now. A cackle that makes me jump. "You're kidding right? I love how you think you can hide from me. I've been watching and chasing you for almost thirty years. I see you. I see all of you!"
Oh God. I cover my face with my hands. Mortification leaks onto my fingers. What else did he say? He knew I wouldn't ask. I didn't ask.  I would never ask. Why? Because I'm weak. "Please leave me alone," I mutter to my dress.
I hear the railing creak, his footsteps on the brick. His shoes appear in front of mine. He crouches down. His hands pry my arms free, forcing me to come out of hiding. "No. I won't ever leave you alone." He takes both my hands in his, holding them tight. "The sooner you realize that, the sooner we can figure out what went wrong and how to fix it. I can't believe you never wanted me. I won't believe it."
He pulls me out of the chair, wraps his arms around me, and holds me, one arm around my shoulders, the other around my waist. The warmth of his body not enough to soothe me. The music from inside drifts out into the patio. Jack sways to the beat, not letting me escape. I keep my arms tucked between our bodies, needing the distance. I hold my breath, not wanting to smell his cologne.
"Do you remember when my parents took us to St. Mary's?" he asks. 
"For the basketball game. And they lost," I say.
"Yeah. That's the one. Do you remember why we went?" No. But it was the day that changed my life. When we left, I knew that's where I wanted to go. 
"No."
"My mom wanted to show me I could play basketball in college. My senior year, she invited every scout to our house for dinner. She wouldn't listen when I told her I wasn't interested. I told her I was gonna be like Dad. She told me I could always become a cop. But if I didn't take a scholarship and get a degree, one day I would regret it."
 "Do you regret it?"
"Every damn day. I think my mom knew you were sold on St. Mary’s. She always knew you wanted to go to college. I didn't. I never developed my mom's mind reading abilities."
"If I had told you, would you have gone?" I'm holding my breath.
"I don't know. I think probably not. I'm not the same person now that I was then. Back then, I would say to hell with anyone who tried to come between me and being a cop. But I always followed you anywhere. Until the classes got too hard. Even you being there wasn't enough to make me want to study."
I let him hold me and we dance. All this time, he knew and he never said anything. He wants to fix things? I can't fix this. I'm glad he stopped talking. His voice in my ear makes anything he says make sense. This doesn't. I need to focus. 
"Let's get out of here," he says.
"I can't walk back through there looking like this. I'm a mess!"
"You're my mess." He wipes my eyes and inspects the rest of my face. Giving me a goofy smile, he takes my hand and leads me back inside.
"There you two are!" Gen says, walking towards us with Robert. They really do look good together. The coral in his tie matches her nails. "We haven't had a chance to say two words between the four of us all night. Now come on, you're gonna hate this."
We all follow her back to our table. Gen's grandparents are gone, as are most of the other older people. Carmela and Chief are whispering when we sit down. They both look at me and Jack, questioning. I shrug. I don't know. 
"Okay, ya'll stay right there. Don't move."
We watch her go to the open bar. No clue. I look at Robert. "What's she up to?"
"No clue. I was hoping you'd know."
I look around the table, clueless people surround me. Gen comes back to the table with a tray holding six amber colored shots, placing them in the center. "What the hell is that?" Chief asks.
"We are going to play a game. Hush Chief! Here's how it works: I really like all of you and I really like Robert. So, since he didn't get to see why I love ya'll so much, you're gonna show him."
"By gettin drunk and actin like a fool? Are you sure you like him?" Chief asks.
She looks over at Robert and flutters her eyelashes.  "Yeah I like him." Looking back at Chief, she pulls her knee up to rest on the table and holds it close to her while leaning into Robert. "Like I said, hush!" Carmela laughs at Gens tactics.  
"Okay, so here's how it goes, you gotta share something about you that no one at this table knows. If it's something we already know, you gotta take a drink and go help clean up this shindig."
"Why do we gotta take a drink?" Jack asks.
"It's more like a toast. Now shut up. Carmela, my sweets, you're up." Gen says.
"Um, okay, well huh. Let me think. You kinda put me on the spot. Alright. I wrote a poem in second grade. It was called an ode to the commode."
"Alright! Never saw that coming. Robert now knows you better than we do. Carmela, you pick who's next," Gen says.
"Hmm. How about Jack?"
"Okay. I can do this. Piece of cake. Gimme a minute. Here goes..." He's looking around the table, eyebrows furrowed. "Got it, last year, I ran out of gas. While I was working. It was the middle of the night. Had to walk ten blocks to the station and get a gas can."
"You made that up!" Chief says.
"No I didn't."
"Why didn't you use your radio? Or your phone?" Chief ask.
"Are you kidding? I'd never live it down. I was so embarrassed I walked the ten blocks back to my car. No big deal, foot patrol. And you better not tell anyone," he tells chief.
"Yeah, okay I won't. But if it happens again, call me. Damn boy! Now pick your person."
"Robert."
"Okay, this is easy for me so let me pick something you guys might like. When I was at college, I didn't want my little sister going in my room and taking my stuff so I made this motion activated tape thing. When she opened the door, nothing would happen for a full minute. That way if my mom went in my room it would give her time to go in and out. But if anyone stayed longer than sixty seconds, I got this sound effect I recorded. It was a rattle snake. It was like ten seconds of ssssss and then a pause for ten seconds and then shake-a shake-a shake-a shake-a shake-a for ten seconds."
"Did it work?" Gen asks.
"I don't know what happened, she never said anything but to do this day, she won't go in that room." 
"Pick your person." Gen says, shaking off her fear of snakes.
"You."
"Me? Okay. I'm thinking. Late at night, if I can't sleep, I write music."
"What kind of music?" I ask her.
"Bad music. Like with no rhythm, on purpose."
"Please, please give us an example." I beg her.
"Okay, but you can't tell anyone. Here goes. I I I don't knooooow about you you you b b but I caaant sl sleeeeeep."
"What the hell was that?" Chief asks.
"Exactly. Don't ask me to sing at your birthday. I am not Marilyn Monroe." Gen says. "Chief, your go."
"My brain is fried," he says, rubbing his face.  "That's gonna give me nightmares for a week. Okay. My turn. All right. Sure. Let's see. Nobody knows this. It's impossible. But I'll use it because I got nothing to lose. Carmela was my first kiss."
"How is that possible?" Gen asks him.
"Well, you gotta want to kiss someone right?" he tells her. "Laurel, go."
"Um, okay." I look at Jack. He's not paying attention. Gen and Robert are giving each other secret looks. Carmela is still half melted at Chiefs feet. "I hate magazines."
"Why?" Carmela asks. 
"The pages, the glossy finish, the unrealistic pictures. They're either too perfect or fake. I don't like how the articles are in multiple columns per page. The covers models are usually controversial people and I don't like how the words are all over it like signs on a busy street corner. It's too busy. And then all the advertisements. It hurts my head. And if I see something on the cover that interests me, it takes like an hour to find it."
"Okay. I agree. Magazines are meant to be savored, like candy. Now we're gonna change this up a bit." Gen says. "This time, you gotta tell an embarrassing story about someone at this table. It has to make us, as in at least one of us, laugh or cry. Anyone can go first."
"I got one," Robert says. We all look at him. What could he possibly have? "Okay, so I get this call at work. Heavy breathing." I know I'm holding my breath. "Caller hangs up. I check the caller ID. Think nothing of it. I get a call from my sister. She tells me some newspaper is doing a story on me. Real nice girl called. My mother calls me an hour later. Same story. I ask what the area code was." His eyes are now steady on Gen. She's almost under the table.
"Gen, what did you do?" Jack asks. Chief is laughing hysterically. I know my face is red. I think I'm gonna cry for her.
 "My mom can't wait to meet you. Thanks to that stunt you pulled, I had to show her a picture of you. She's planning our wedding. She's pretty sure you wouldn't have tried so hard if you didn't really like me." Robert says. "She said if I lose you, she's disowning me."
Gen slowly lifts herself back in her chair, still posed to run like hell. "You came here tonight, knowing I did that?"
"I came because you did that." He leans down and kisses her softly on the lips. We echo our awes. 
"Okay, I'm next," Chief says. "I have one. When Jack was four years old, he started preschool. His first day of school, he came home and declared to his mom the he Laureled her. Instead of love, he'd say Laurel, until he was six. When I asked him if she knew he loved her, he said no. I told him it's best if she knows first. So until she knew, he might wanna keep it a secret."
I look at Jack, his face is glowing. Carmela has tears in her eyes. I never heard that story before.
"Alright ya'll. That’s enough sappy shit. Take your shots and let's get out of here. On three."
She counts us down and we all drink together.
"Apple juice?!" Chief says. "You put me through all that for Apple juice? I thought for sure you mixed Tequila with something worse. And why's it amber?
"Nope. I wouldn't do that to people I like," Gen says with an evil smile. "Touch of cranberry. Blame the bartender." 
We all share hugs and goodbyes before going our separate ways. All three couples with revelations to consider.
Jack takes my hand and walks me out to the car. This time he opens my door and I let him. We say nothing as we drive home. We enter the house and walk upstairs, still saying nothing. I stand in the middle of our bedroom thinking about that little boy knowing he loved me. What happened to him?
"That's not the whole story. The first day of school, I walked in and I saw you. Your black hair was in pigtails. You had on a pink dress with white ruffles on the shoulders and the bottom. A strawberry on the skirt. I saw you playing house with this other little girl. I don't know who she was. It didn't matter. I only had eyes for you.
"So I'm standing there, in the doorway, and this feeling I've never felt before starts in my chest. This pounding. I got scared and went to the teacher. She said it was my heart. I didn't know I had one until that day. I just knew looking at you made it do that. So." 
"And now?" I ask him.
"Every time I see you. It pisses me off. You hate me and I'm crazy for you."
He comes up behind me, lowering my zipper so I can change. Taking the pins out of my hair, he rubs his hands along my scalp, soothing the tension away. Excuses to touch me. I remember this, that need to be needed, desired. I can feel that love he had for me. Turning around, I take his face in my hands, my dress falls to the floor and I let him catch me. 
 
Chapter 13



I woke up this morning wrapped in the scent of Jack. My first thought was how I never noticed it lingering on the bed sheets. My second thought was, what now? He left for work before I woke up. I vaguely remember his lips kissing me goodbye. It could have been a dream or a memory.
My dad called to say he's bringing the girls home. I'm excited to see them. A beep on my phone has me on my toes with hope they're on their way. 
Jack: please don't run
Shaking my head but unable to stop smiling, I don't answer. I can't think about him right now. Another beep. 
Jack: I know it's not okay. And that's okay
Okay, I'm breathing okay. I put the phone back down. We haven't had the talk yet. I didn't agree to anything. I need to talk to someone. Who do I call to say I think my husband might actually love me? I'm not crazy. I don't have high hopes. We've been broken for so long, tiptoeing around each other. There's so much I need to know. He's right, I stopped asking.
I don't know when it happened or what caused it. I don't know if it was a gradual ache that I learned to ignore or if I woke up one day and decided this wasn't enough for me. This still isn't enough for me. I need to find me in this chaos I've created. Having someone to hold me isn't enough.
A car in the driveway has me running for the window. My girls and my dad. My mom isn't with them. I open the door and charge outside to greet them. Ruthie eagerly welcomes me, lunacy and all. Lanie gives me a once over, but squeezes me in return. My dad puts his hands on my shoulders, searching my face. Satisfied, he hugs me tight. "Come in, please?" I ask him.
"Sure. Always have time for you." He leads the path up the brick steps, Lanie and Ruthie lagging behind me.
"Did you girls have fun with Grammy?" I ask as we walk past the hydrangea.
"Yeah," Ruthie says, looking at Lanie, who doesn't respond.
They run up the steps with their overnight bags. I follow my dad to the kitchen. "Something to drink?" I ask him as he sits down. 
"Yeah, something cold."
"Lemonade?"
"That's good, with ice. It's stifling out today."
I set his drink down on the table and hand him the envelope. "It's all there. I can't thank you enough."
"You don't ever need to thank me for being there. It's my job and I love it. Did you find what you were looking for?" he asks as I sit across from him. Folding his arms on the table, he leans forward.
"I still don't know."
"So what happened? You're...almost, dare I say, happy today?"
I know I'm blushing. Studying the wood grain, I let myself smile. It feels good. "I don't know, Dad. Maybe. I finally felt something besides anger."
"That's always good. I know you prefer not to talk but I want you to try, okay?"
"Okay," I respond warily. Where's he going with this?
"Will you please tell me what Jack said that made you run? I'm not asking what happened to make you leave the table. That's on you, if you wanna share, I'll listen. But at least tell me what he said. Please."
I try to think back. I'm not sure if it was his words, they way he said it, or his body language. He asked for words.  "Something about me ruining the girl’s night. He pretty much repeated what I'd been thinking. He's never talked to me like that before."
"So he accused you of being like your mom while being like your mom?"
"Yeah." I can't look at him. He loves her. It kills me that he can see good in such an evil woman.
"You need to talk to her. I can't fix this for you. Think about it, at least."
 "I will." I don't know what it will solve, but thinking about it can't hurt. "Why did she cancel Sunday dinner?"
"She didn't say and I wouldn't expect her to, but I think she's a bit touchy about not being included last night. It's not our fault but I'm telling you, you want the answers, talk to her."
If I want the answers. Ironic how she's always treating me like a child when she acts like one herself. 
He gives me a hug goodbye, wishes me luck, and leaves. The girls come downstairs when they hear the door close. "Hey Momma, Grampy left?" Lanie asks.
"Yeah. How was Grammy?"
"Different. She was sorta happy. I don't know. Not as mean as she normally is."
"What did you guys do?"
"She taught us how to play gin rummy. It was fun. I won a lot but so did everyone else."
"Did Grampy play?"
"Yeah. He won the most."
"How was church?"
"Alright I guess. I sat with Kristen. Her dad asked about you. A lot of people weren't there today."
"Ruthie, honey, you okay?" I ask her. She's standing at the open refrigerator either indecisive or ease dropping. 
"Yeah, Momma. What's for lunch?"
"How about tuna fish on toast and fruit salad?"
They both make puckered faces at that. "How about bologna and cheese?" Lanie says.
 "With fruit salad," Ruthie adds.
"Okay, give me ten minutes." I get up from my seat, taking Dad's empty glass with me. Ruthie left the bologna and cheese on the counter. The fruit salad is next to it. So is the cool whip. I make their lunch, thankful my mother found a way to enjoy my girls. 

A car door sends me into panic mode. Trying to act natural, I breathe deep and relax back into the couch. The laptop is open on my lap, screen set to 'can my marriage be saved.' I exit out of that and pull up the website I use to order the fountain chocolate. Maybe I can get popcorn in bulk. 
Jack opens the door, his shoes squeak and then stop, utility belt clinks on top of the china cabinet. He walks in to the living room, sits on the coffee table next to my propped up feet. A clunk lands next to him. He lifts my bare feet to his lap and starts rubbing them. The gold name tag catches my eye.
"How was your day?" he asks.
"Calm. Yours?" I say, closing the laptop and sitting it next to me.
"Quiet. Where should I keep my gun?"
That clunk. "Not there."
"I know. I didn't want to forget. You need to know where it is as much as I do."
"Okay. And it has to be accessible, right?" It's hard to think with him doing that to my heels.
"Yeah. Not somewhere obvious either. Don't want someone breaking in and getting it before I do."
"We're safe though, right?"
"I can't predict the future. We've been lucky. Put in a position where I couldn't protect my family? That would haunt me forever. But being on top of the china cabinet won't help us either. I'm thinking the bedroom. In my closet. Would the girls go in there?"
"I don't know."
"Lanie! Ruthie! Can you come down here please!" he yells from his spot on the table. He moves out from under me to sit next to me, moving the laptop under the table. The girls come running down the steps.
"Hey Dad. What's up?" Lanie says, plopping down in the recliner, sitting Indian style, head in hand.
"Hi Dad." Ruthie says, giving him a kiss on the cheek. She starts to scoot past us to sit in the open spot next to me, stopping abruptly seeing the gun on the table. "Um Dad, that doesn't go there." She says, continuing on and slumping next to me, elbow propped on the arm of the couch.
"Yeah, that's what we need to talk about."
They look at each other and back at me, paranoia filling the air. Jack sits forward, rolling his shoulders, resting his forearms on his thighs. He adjusts his watch before beginning. 
"Your Momma brought up a good point," he says, with a quick glance at me. "You two might know right from wrong and we trust you without question. But you girls are everything to us. So I think it's time we had this talk." 
He gets up from the couch, walks three feet away, turns, looks at the gun and back at me. Some decision made, he pins first Lanie, then Ruthie. "Guns are not toys."
"Dad, we know that," Lanie says.
"Then what are they?" he asks her.
She looks at Ruthie. Ruthie steps in to help, "it's a tool."
Pointing at her, he says, "that's right. And like any tool, it has to work for your project. A butter knife is fine on bread. Not for chopping wood. And you don't need an axe to cut steak. Now a firefighter, you see him walking around town with an axe, you might not question it. He comes to dinner with it and uses it to cut his pie, you might get scared.
"You see a nurse at school walking around with an axe, you might get scared. Make sure your tools fit the project. If that butter knife isn't working, tell me or your mom. Don't go looking for an axe. You see one I left outside cause I was chopping wood, don't be a fool and try to finish the job. If you don't know how to use something, don't touch it.
"Any questions so far?" He takes a moment to look at all three of us. I nod my encouragement. "Okay, next issue. Privacy." Lanie sits up, getting ready to argue. He gives her the 'sit your ass down' look. "This is my show. You can ask questions or fight your cause when I'm done. So pay attention.
"You two are getting older. I know how girls like raiding their Momma's stuff. You try it, without permission, and I'll be raiding yours. We haven't had this problem, yet." He looks to me for confirmation. I shake my head no. "Keep up the good work. You want something, ask. You want it bad enough, you risk hearing no. Won't know until you ask.
"So me and you're Momma got a problem. And that means you girls do, too. That gun right there," he says, pointing at it still on the coffee table, "needs to be somewhere I can get to it if I need it, but where people who shouldn't, won't."
Hands on hips, he looks up, thinking or debating. "We know not to touch it, Dad," Lanie says.
"Yeah, and I'm not scared of it," Ruthie says in a small voice.
He looks at Ruthie who's scrunched up close to me. I wrap my arm around her shoulders. "You shouldn't be. A gun can save your life. It's only meant to scare people if they want to hurt us. Just because I have it doesn't mean I have to use it. My job requires me to have it. I don't show it to people. I don't need to."
"How's this our problem?" Lanie asks.
"Because you're Momma and I don't want anything to happen to you two. It's my responsibility to keep that," he points at it again, "safe. My priority is figuring out a way to keeps us all safe."
"So, this is the don't touch my gun talk all over again?" Lanie asks.
"Yeah, sweetheart, it is." He looks up, both hands running through his curls. "Parents without guns worry about keeping their families safe. Those of us with guns worry about keeping them out of the hands of others."
Interrupting, I add, "Dad and I need you two to understand that even if it's sitting on the coffee table, you leave it be. It's his. I mean, you wouldn't pick up someone else's baby, right? Or steal a purse?" 
"Yeah, Momma. That makes sense," Ruthie says.
"I get it," Lanie agrees.
"Okay, next order of business. Your Momma and I haven't talked about this but I'm gonna take the initiative and make a Dad decision. You two are stressing her out. I only see one choice." He stops, looks at me. I look down at my lap, swallow the lump in my throat and look over at Lanie. She needs this. I look up at Jack and nod. "Lanie, pack up your stuff. You're moving to the office."
She doesn't move for long seconds. She looks to me; I force a smile letting her know it's real. She jumps up and leans over the table to hug me, cautious of the gun between us. "Thank you, Momma." She let's go, smirks at Ruthie, turns to her dad with a big hug on her tippy toes. "I promise I'll keep it clean," she tells him.
"No need for that. It's your room now. I'll start clearing it out as soon as I'm done here."
"You okay with that, Ruthie?" I whisper to her.
"Yeah, Momma. More than okay. Thank you." She's tickled pink. I capture one of her curls and kiss her on her nose. Giggling, she hugs me and then her dad, before following her sister up the steps. 
"I think that went well," I say to Jack.
"I hope so," he says, watching Ruthie disappear. "My closet?"
"Yeah." He takes the three steps back and sits back down in front of me, next to the gun.
"Locked?" His eyes are intense, trained on mine.
"I think so." I blink, turning away. He takes my face in his hands, concentrating.
"I agree. We still had to have the talk. A lock isn't an answer. It's a possible solution." Rubbing his fingers against my cheeks, he hesitates. "I gotta help help Lanie, but we’re gonna talk when I'm done. Thank you for not running." A sweet kiss on my lips and he gets up, giving me a sad smile.  He reaches down to collect his gun. I watch him turn to follow the girls, leaving me alone with an empty table.

Jack and the girls spend all night packing, cleaning and moving furniture. I make dinner; we eat while they talk excitedly. By bedtime, Lanie has a desk in her room in addition to a bed. Ruthie has a bookshelf where her sister used to be. The desktop computer is sitting in Jack's closet awaiting a new home. The gun is on the shelf in a lock box. Chief brought it with him when he came to help with the move. 
Books are in boxes, pictures and awards are commingled; posters are rolled and rubber banded. The hardest part will be separating Lanie's and Ruthie's clothes. For now, they've decided to leave them with Ruthie. At least until we can squander another dresser. The brown boots were located and now have a new home under her bed. 
Showers went smoothly. Good night kisses were delivered in private. I think, just maybe, this won't be so bad.  Jack is waiting for me at the bottom of the steps, having finished his nighttime ritual before me. Both of us clad in cotton and flannel, he allows me to precede him into the kitchen.
"I made coffee. You're gonna want it. I'm sorry for doing this on a Sunday night, but sacrifice can't always be scheduled. You know I have to be up with you in the morning."
"It's okay." We make our coffee and stand awkwardly in the kitchen, both of us reluctant to take that next step.
"Nook or porch?" he asks.
"Outside." I cross the kitchen and dining room, back to the couch. Grabbing a fuzzy blanket, I meet up with him on the lounger, setting my mug on the side table next to his. I curl up next to him and cover us both. We used to sit like this years and years ago, watching the sunrise. That was back when our love had no sense of time.
"If we have any chance at this, we have to lay out the lies. I'm talking about the ones we tell ourselves. If we don't have trust, it won't matter how hard we try," he says softly into the still night.
"How?" 
"If you have a negative thought, something you think is true, say it. Get it out. Don't be scared."
I take a deep breath. I can do this, I have to do this. Agreeing to speak without dwelling, I let the words unwind from my heart. "You see me as weak." He hugs me tighter to him.
"Yeah. I do. I want you to fight. Get mad, anything. There's nothing wrong with reacting."
"You'll think I'm crazy," I say, digging my fingers into his shirt.
"And? Staying inside your head isn't? Who cares what I think of you." I do. I have to be honest.
"I do." He kisses the top of my head. I cover my face with the blanket.
"That's good. Not that you care but..." He sighs. "What I said at the restaurant?" He kisses my head again. Using the hand not wrapped around my shoulders, he pulls the blanket away and pushes my hair back to look in my face. "I can't regret it because it worked. You reacted. That's all I've wanted, for years."
"I've never hurt like that before."
"I'm sorry. It was low. The alternative was shaking some sense into you. You stopped needing me a long time ago." Did I? 
"You're never here. What you said to that therapist, even when you are, you're not."
"It sounds stupid but I have a purpose. Yours is the kids and the house. If I step on your toes, I feel like I'm taking that away from you. I wouldn't want you coming to my work putting your feet up on my desk and using the phone to call your mom." That would never happen. 
"So you think my only purpose is being a wife and mom?"
"That's what I said. It's only true because you chose not to have something else." I chose not to?
"And if I had something else?" I need something else.
"Then maybe you'd need me." I do need him. I just haven't figured out why or what for. 
We sit in silence. I snuggle closer and wrap my arm tighter around his waist. I let his crisp scent lull me into dreams of me having my own life. Doing what? 
 
Chapter 14



The next morning, I awake to a good morning kiss before the alarm goes off. We make breakfast together and enjoy it in peace. He stays to help me wake up the girls, him taking Lanie and me coaxing Ruthie. On the way back to the kitchen with the girls fighting for the bathroom behind us, I tell him, "you're usually gone by now."
"Shift change meetings. I know you think I do it intentionally. If you'll have me, it can wait."
I reach up, hugging him tight. With one last inhale, I release him. The girls are in good spirits with Jack at the table. Today is career day. He enjoys his second cup of coffee and packs a lunch before leaving. The girls are five minutes behind him.
I spend my day focusing on me. What could I be? I take an ideal career test on the internet. It tells me a nurse. My only experience is helping my dad in the field. I love animals. I've always had a special place for those in need. 
I don't want to be a vet, or any other doctor. A teacher like Annie? No. I prefer to learn. A scientist like Gen's dad, a researcher? No. I do like chemistry and psychology.  I'm good at math.  An accountant? Definitely no. A business manager? No.  
I spend the rest of the day trying to remember if I ever knew what I wanted to be. While folding laundry, I conclude, away from here was all I know. Why? Was it the town or my mother? I crave meeting new people with new experiences to share. I make it sound like I should be a reporter. Huh. Maybe so.
The girls come home a little after three to find me sorting through boxes of pictures. I always wanted to organize them and make albums for each of the girls. 
"Who is that?" Lanie asks, picking up an old photo.
"Grampy, with my grandmother when he was a baby."
"I don't really remember her."
"Well, she looked just like that when she died. Add a few good natured wrinkles. Straight black hair like yours, down to her waist like mine, with streaks of silver woven through."
"She looks Indian."
"She was. Not much. Almost two hundred years ago, her great great plus grandmother was full blooded. The government moved her tribe to Oklahoma. She fell in love with an Englishman."
"Like Pocahontas?"
"Yeah, like Pocahontas. Only her family left."
"That's sad. Don't you think she missed them?"
"This was her home. I think it would have been harder if she had to start over somewhere else."
With one last long look, she sits the picture back down, away from the others. Dazed, she walks out of the room.
"Hey Momma," Ruthie says, stretching out of the couch eating an apple.
"Hey, babe. How was school?"
"Good. Shawn's not in my school anymore."
"What happened?" I ask her.
 "Who's Shawn?" I hear from behind me. Still looking at Ruthie, I close my eyes. Reopening them, I see Ruthie trying and failing to keep the surprise off her face.
"Ruthie, go help Lanie sort clothes, please."
She runs out without having to be told twice. I swallow my fears. A deep breath later, I turn to find what I knew I would. Jack, leaning against the doorframe, smirking.
I smile wide.  "Hey, didn't hear you come in."
"Uh huh. Who's Shawn?" Cringe.
"Okay, okay. But you gotta sit down." He sits on the couch, arms spread across the back. Eyebrow raised, he's enjoying my discomfort. I take a seat on the coffee table in front of him. He taps his fingers and toes while I figure out a plan. I got nothing.
"So, you're gonna be mad. But I think it's too late anyway."
"I bet. Might as well get it over with."
 Bending over, face in hands, I mumble to the floor, "he punched Ruthie last week." I can't look. His harsh words find my vulnerable ears anyway.  
"And what happened?"
"Lanie beat him up." 
He chuckles. "Okay. Okay. Yeah. Wow. I'm starting to get the picture. And there's more, right?"
"Uh huh."
"Should I ask Ruthie?" No. I lift my head and force myself to be the parent here. I made the decision to lie to him.
"The kid was making threats against you. Not directly, but Christopher was sticking up for you. Ruthie got in the middle and she got hurt. Lanie heard bits and pieces on the bus. Look, I didn't want to put her through anymore."
"I'm not questioning your parenting. What's this kid’s last name? Maybe I'll go have a talk with the parents."
"Upton but it doesn't matter. Ruthie was just saying he's not at school anymore."
"Oh, I'd say it matters. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if they left. We got a tip he was hiding out here. Served a warrant for his arrest this morning. He was wanted for armed robbery. Skipped sentencing."
Well color me naive. "Where would Shawn have gone?"
"Probably back to upstate New York. His mother filed kidnapping charges."
"I messed up, didn't I?"
"It all worked out. You were looking out for Ruthie. Just like Lanie. I can't hold that against you."
"I'm sorry I didn't tell you last night."
"Don't apologize unless you deliberately held back. There's no time limit on unburdening secrets." He leans forward, linking our fingers. "Thank you. I know that was hard and you were scared, so thank you." 
After the girls are in bed for the night, Jack urges me into my spot at the breakfast nook. This time, I’m not afraid. I'm starting to remember what it feels like to have someone by my side. I can't do this alone, whatever this is.
Dropping into a chair across from me, he says, "okay, I'm gonna keep this short and sweet. We were both up way too late last night. When you were little, what did you wanna be?"
"I don't remember wanting to be anything."
 "That's okay. I was lucky. Not everyone knows. I'm sure there are doctors scrubbing into surgery right at this moment realizing they always wanted to be something else." He pauses, tracing a finger against the grain.
Looking back up, he says, "but you want to go to college?"
"Yeah. There's no way." I start to tell him what I found out online but he cuts me off.
"There's always a way. Let me help you. But first, I want you to do the impossible."
"What?" 
"I want you to take a challenge."
"Why? I don't want to agree to something that can't be done."
"Do you trust me?"
I take my time answering. What do I have to lose? He forgave me after finding out I never wanted this. He's willing to try. I have to. "Yeah."
"I'm glad you took your time. I don't want you to feel pressured. That's not my intention. Just trust me. You do this, and I will move the Earth to accommodate you."
"Okay. What do I have to do?"
"Ten people. The first five of my choosing. The last five are up to you. You gotta confront them. I want you to pretend they're me. Like we did last night. Something you believe to be true. Tell them."
"But what will it change? What's the purpose?"
"You won't know until you try."
"Who's first?" I ask him. My hands are full of flannel under the table.  Please don't say my mother.
"I like your way of thinking." Did I say that out loud? "I will give you one name a day. No time limit. You wanna wait until tomorrow and save today's for next week, that's your choice. The first, your brother."
"Matthew? Why?"
Smiling, he shakes his head. "I won't question your five. You have to trust my reasons. If I'm wrong, what do you have to lose?"
I fell asleep curled up in his arms, wishing he could hold my hand while I do this. Even I know it would defeat the purpose, whatever that may be. Jack woke up with me again. We had brown sugar oatmeal and milk with the girls. We took our coffee to the porch and sipped sitting next to each other, saying nothing.
The last I heard my brother was in Puerto Rico, running a clinic. I waited until eleven before looking up his number I had never used and dialing. It rang four times before he answered.
"Laurel."
"How did you know it was me?"
"I have all your numbers programmed in case you ever called. Mom gave them to me years ago. Is everything okay?"
"Is now a good time? Are you busy?"
"I just shut the door to my office. You're officially a patient. You have all the time you need."
I don't know how to do this so..."Do you blame me?"
"For what?"
"Everything. Your girlfriend breaking up with you. Mom. Not being able to come back here."
"I'm gonna stop you right there. I think we are on the wrong side of the phone here. I thought you blamed me. But to answer your questions, no. God, Laurel, I used you. You were an excuse. I had no intentions of ever coming back. I am so stupidly sorry I wasn't strong enough to pick up the phone seventeen years ago and tell you."
"That's a lot to take in, Matthew."
"Are you mad at me?"
"I don't know what I am. Can I call you again?"
"Please do. I hope you don't wait another seventeen years. I miss you Laurel. I've missed Lanie and Ruthie growing up. If it wasn't for mom sending me pictures every month..."
"Matthew, I gotta go. But I love you, okay."
"I love you, too. Bye."
Before I can press end on my phone, I let the tears win. Jack finds me later struggling to breath. I almost wish I had never known. 
 
Chapter 15



"How did you know," I ask him as we sit down for lunch. He takes a bite of his tuna and swallows before answering. "I didn't. I doubted he still blamed you. Things aren't always what they seem."
That's an understatement. I never saw that coming. Does my mom know the truth? Before Jack leaves for work he gives me name number two. "I couldn't let you do this one without talking to your brother first. Your mom."
I knew it was coming. I don't feel ready. This is one I could have held off until her funeral. Jack leaves for work with his lunch in hand. The girls come rambling in not long after. That's one shift he can't fix. 
He does something I never expected. As I'm tucking the girls, the house phone rings. I rush to our bedroom to grab it. He tried my cell to keep it a surprise, but I didn't think I had a reason to carry it. One by one, he gives the girls his love and asks me to wait up for him.
When he gets home, a little after eleven, I greet him at the door and we head upstairs together. I fall asleep in his arms with his breath in my ear, and I wonder how I ever made it alone. 
The next morning, we rise together. After the house is settled and the kids are in school, I take off alone to my mother's. My dad is gone and I take a moment to thank God for miracles. I need to face my humiliation alone. 
She meets me as I'm getting out of the car. Standing on the back steps, a dish towel wrung between her hands and a look of confusion on her face. I've caught her off guard.
"Is everything okay?" she says in way of greeting as I hesitate up the path.
"Yeah, thought I'd stop by. Can we go inside?"
"Sure. Would you like some tea?"
"No. But get yourself some if you'd like. And let's sit."
I know I'm coming off bitchy but this woman frustrates me like no other. Have I been letting her get away with it? She looks at me warily, fear creeping into her expression. She leads me into the den, taking a seat in a side chair. I stay standing. I need her to see me.
"Why do you hate me?"
"What? What has gotten into you?"
"No, Mom. You stop. For my entire life you have treated me like I'm a disease. I'm sick to death of your insults, your attitude, and the way you talk at me."
She looks out the window next to the chair. Looking for Dad to save her? Would he? 
"I don't know what you're talking about," she says, to the blinds.
"Bullshit!" That made her flinch. She looks my way, evilness dripping from her. Before she can argue, I continue.  "You treated Matthew like he was a God. Anything I could do or wanted to do was overshadowed by him breathing. What did I do that was so bad that I didn't deserve your love?"
She looks down at the dish towel still clenched in her lap. Letting go with one hand, she reaches out a shaky hand for her tea. She takes a small sip, puts it back down, straightens her shoulders and angles her body towards mine. Whatever she sees makes her stop. Her shoulders slump and she falls back in her chair, gaze on the blinds again.
"I though I was doing what was best for you."
"Explain. You sound like Jack! How is refusing me love helping me!"
"You had your dad."
"And thank God for that or I wouldn't have had the will to live."
"He was always a good dad."
"Yes, he was. Are you telling me if something had happened to him, you would've woke up loving me?"
She finally looks at me, but I doubt she sees me, yet. "I thought I was making you stronger."
"Why? What did I need to be so damn strong for? What's wrong with enjoying living?"
She sits forward, hands in her lap. I move to the couch beside the chair and sit down. She's not getting my sympathy.
"I never wanted this life for you. As a girl, you were born weaker. Boys have opportunity we don't. Your dad, he gave me a reason to stay. I didn't want to. I wanted different for you. But I failed you."
What the hell is she talking about? "How did you fail me?"
"You married Jack. You're still here."
"Was there an option made to me I wasn't aware of?"
"Yeah. You gave up."
"You really are crazy. Okay, I'll play your nonsense. Why are girls born weaker?"
"Because they have to fight harder." Or more creatively. 
"And Ruthie? What makes her different?"
"She loves me no matter what." I can't do this right now. 
"You seem to understand the direct approach. Use it. If you don't want me, tell me. But if you feel like treating me or Lanie like shit, keep your mouth shut."
I walk out, leaving her with a taste of her own medicine. I don't know what her problem is, but I refuse to let it be mine. I drive home trying to ignore her lies. The truth makes sense. I'll know it when I see it.
Jack is waiting for me when I get home. "How did it go?" he asks, sitting on the edge couch.
"I don't know," I say, turning around and tossing my purse on the sideboard without concern for the contents. I launch my shoes across the entryway before continuing.  "That woman is nuttier than I ever thought. Just when I think it can't get worse, it does."
"How do you feel?" he asks as I enter the room again.
 "Angry. I basically told her to go to hell."
He pulls me down on his lap, wrapping his arms around me. Snuggling my neck, he say, "good. Get angry. I would tell her to go to hell but it would be disrespectful."
"Isn't it disrespectful of me?"
"Yeah, but you gotta take care of you."
"I went to Virginia Beach," I blurt out.
"When? Just now?"
"No. When I ran from the restaurant. My dad found me. Tell Chief I told you to ask him."
"My dad knew where you were?" His voice is tinged with amusement.
"Only cause my dad told him. Just ask him."
He kisses my temple and squeezes me a little tighter before saying, "okay."
I get off his lap, stand up, take a deep breath and ask, "who's next?" His tight lips are itching to laugh at me. Oh Lord. I don't think I wanna know. 
"Lanie."
"What? Why?"
"Because you and Ruthie have an easy relationship."
"And Lanie is just like me." I should have seen this coming. 
He gets up to go get ready for work. I sit down to figure out what I wanna be when I grow up. The girls wake me up from an unplanned nap when they come bursting through the door. I wait for the right time to have my talk with Lanie. It doesn't come during homework time or dinner, definitely not while the three of us are snuggled up on the couch watching TV. 
I finally cave when Ruthie is in the shower. I wanted to give her time to think about anything we uncover before she has to close her eyes. 
"Hey Lanie," I say while tapping her door open.
She peeks up from her bed where she's reading. "Yeah, Momma." 
I take a seat at the end of her bed. "I wanted to ask you, do you feel like I treat you differently than Ruthie?"
"Um, no. She's easier to love. Sweeter, I guess. I don't know. I was never real big on being babied. I'm just different, so no."
"Do you know that I loved you first?" Flattery colors her cheeks. "I worry that sometimes I see so much of me in you that I forget you're your own person."
"Sometimes you do look at me like you're confused or you expect me to do something else. And I don't know what or why."
"I'm sorry. I want you to be you, whoever that is. So far, the Lanie I know is ferocious. Don't lose that, okay? Don't change for anyone. I had a talk with Grammy today." I shake my head at the fear that shines back at me. "I told her she's not allowed to be mean to us anymore."
Her smile is all pride, with the slightest tint of yeah right. She scoots down the bed to wrap her arms, so much like mine, around me. I inhale her watermelon scent before letting go. She looks at me with eyes so blue I want to curl up and cry.  Reaching over, I fix her pixie cut before letting myself out of her room. 
That's three down. I'm so emotionally spent that after letting the girls call Jack, they thought he deserved a surprise, and giving them goodnights, I crawl into bed too tired to wait up. Sometime sooner than later, I am sleepily aware of fresh soap and warm arms pulling me closer. It was the first time in a very long time I fell asleep before him.
 
Chapter 16



The next afternoon Jack and I are lounging around on his day off enjoying the last few minutes of being alone before the girls come home. We spent the day vacuuming, he helped, and trimming the willow tree in the backyard. I helped pull the branches down while he snipped. 
"Are you ready for number four?" he asks, falling asleep next to me.
"Yeah, go ahead. Can't wait." I'm barely keeping my eyes open.
"Your dad." I turn around to face him behind me on the couch, searching his face for authenticity. His eyes are closed, giving away nothing.
"My dad?" I say in wonder. The man who has done nothing but love me my entire life? I already asked him why he loves my mom. What else? "I already talked to him."
"So? Talk again. You'll figure it out." Laying my head on his chest, I practice my new mantra of trusting him.
After homework is complete, Jack tells me he has dinner under control. I give him a suspicious okay and take his direction to go see my dad. This should be the only one I'm not afraid of, but he's the one person I can't lose.
I call him before I leave, not ready to see my mom. He tells me he's on a job and my help would be appreciated. I dress for manure and head out, hoping to meet his newest baby. 
The farm he's working on is owned by the same man that interrupted us at lunch. I didn't remember Earl when he was standing there, though I don't recall actually seeing him. I pull into the main entrance of his farm and memories assault me. This is the place my dad would always bring me.
Earl does indeed have naughty cows. Half of them don't like strangers, the other half is too curious; each group the extreme opposite of the spectrum. It's been thirteen years since I was last here. As the average bovine investment is roughly ten years, I'd say it's definitely down to breeding.
Fighting the glare of the piercing sun, I find my dad in the field amidst a swarm of angry observers. Thankfully, the daddy to this newest baby is nowhere in sight. The other momma's moo their warnings, letting us know they have this under control. I park on the side of the lane and carefully climb the metal fence, remembering most of the borders are laced with live wire. 
Being careful not to disturb the brood, I keep my steps light and slow, gliding towards the treat bucket my dad keeps at his side. He makes his own get back delights: apple slices covered in alfalfa and sprinkled with sugar. The farmers usually put out hay away from the excitement before he arrives. 
The momma in the midst of this circus doesn't seem to notice my movements. After throwing a few cubes as far as I can, I approach her low to the ground from the side, keeping an eye on her closed ones. My dad nods his approval and continues rubbing her belly. Her nostrils flare as I lower my hand towards her neck, stroking soothingly. She turns into my hand and let's her ears fall back. Once her respiration settles, I look to my dad. He checks her progress and nods again. That's my cue to unload the cubes.
The other cows spread out, chomping away from us. A few stay within viewing range, tongues snaking out and twirling their treats. I watch as it disappears and reappears over and over; their glares remaining on us. These stragglers must be the grandmas and aunts.
We soothe our patient until she's ready to push. My dad assists, guiding legs as long as mine as they come into view. Momma to be let's out one last bone jarring moo and he jumps out of the way, grabbing four tiny hoofs and pulling them free. 
Our audience coos their delight and turns away, on a treasure hunt for apples missed by the others. One final check on our natural patient shows she's ready to bond and feed her new baby. I leave a treat I saved especially for her and we gather our supplies, heading back to our cars. 
"He's beautiful. Looks nothing like his momma," I say to Dad after we clear the fence.
"Nah, he was specially ordered. Dad's a red bucking bull. Gonna be kinda cool to watch his spots come alive." 
"I can't believe he didn't get her black ears and nose."
"It happens. Her white coat might be more apparent later. Right now, where he's little, it's just looks more red. His dad has black trim, too. You never know with these guys."
"Why was he made to order?"
"Earl wants to try his hand in the rodeo. Beef cattle sell by the pound. Not much to be made. Rodeo bulls, he could get for one what he would for ten."
"Do you think he has a chance?" He gives me a what do you think look as he puts his bucket and medical supplies in the back. His afterbirth covered overalls go in a bin. He puts his boots back on, red and yellow laces quickly finding the hooks. 
"I think he doesn't have a chance in hell of taming his herd," he says, standing back up.
"So the little guy gets to keep his balls?"
"That he does. First one in a very long time. Gotta say, I'm thankful for that."
"Does that mean he won't be seeing you for awhile?"
"Just the opposite. That one needs to be watched. He's gonna wean faster. Earl needs him big and agile." He shakes his head. "Gonna be work."
"How do you know so much about this?" I ask him, leaning against the side of his truck.
"What do you think I went to school for? You don't need a degree to deliver babies and clean booboos. I learned about genetics and behavior. That's why I don't get into pets. People want advice on how to make the next golden doodle. There's more to life than breeding for beauty. Now if someone wants to know how to make a daschund taller, I'm all ears."
"What did I want to be when I was a kid?" I ask, inspecting my boots and jeans for traces of mud.
"I don't recall you ever saying. What do you wanna be now?"
My thoughtful expression meets his. "I haven't figured that out. Did you pay for Matthew to go to college?"
"No. He got a scholarship. Football. When he went to med school, he took out loans. He never asked for help."
"I didn't have a chance," I mutter.
"A chance for what?"
"I didn't have a way to pay."
"You didn't ask. You didn't say you wanted to go. I hoped you would."
"Why didn't you offer?"
"Because if you want something, you gotta ask. I didn't want you to feel pressured to follow in my footsteps. I didn't want you to think I was sending you away."
"You're saying, if I had said I wanted to go, you would have let me?"
"Let you? Sweetheart, I stopped letting you do things when you stopped asking permission to use the bathroom. Life was always yours to do as you saw fit. I wasn't about to force you."
He and I part ways, him back to my mother and a couple bars of soap. I drive home thinking, what else did I miss?
I didn't tell Jack what my dad said. He hasn't asked for recaps of my questionable discoveries. Knowing my dad would have helped, I can't help but wonder what would have changed. Would we have ended up together, drifted apart, still had Lanie and Ruthie?
It's a truth I'm not ready to face. Life is full of what ifs and what not’s. The next day, Jack sits down for breakfast that we made together and studies me. I don't back down, I let him until he finds whatever he's waiting for.
"Are you ready for number five?"
I can't believe I'm finished already. Then I remember the last five are of my choosing. Shaking away the anxiety, I focus on the task at hand. "Yeah."
"Me."
"You? We already did that."
He chuckles, abandoning an explanation for his French toast. I watch him eat a few bites before nibbling my own. The cinnamon and vanilla soothe me but offer no clues. The girls join us, offering suggestion for groceries. We kiss them goodbye and they leave for the bus.
At the grocery store, I check each aisle to see if a topic is stocked. I find nothing. We grab cherries and rainbow sprinkles, which he admitted he forgot. I understand he had every intention before he was sidetracked by Chief. The movie from last week is still in his car. He has the night off and I'm more excited than the girls. 
With Jack by my side, Lanie never complains. Ruthie still gets the best seat in the house. We watch Bernie and they laugh themselves to sleep. Jack and I finish the movie before finding a horror film even more ridiculous than our comedy. I don't remember how it ended but I woke up smushed between my three favorite people. I wouldn't have it any other way.
Saturday we spend together. We drive to Annapolis and pick out a dresser for Lanie and a small desk. Jack builds them and gives the desktop computer a new home in the corner of our bedroom. I hang pictures that were evicted from the office and help Lanie decide on posters. 
He teaches the girls how to make spaghetti and we all sit down to eat. Afterwards, he takes a nap next to me on the lounger while I read. Just before eleven at night, he leaves for work. I lay in bed not too long after, trying to find comfort in the cool sheets. The cold bites my feet and the tears appear out of nowhere. I can't sleep.
I spend the night thinking about what I have left to ask him. I reach for his pillow and bury my face. If he was here right now, I'd ask him to hold me. But he's not. I don't allow myself to dwell on where he is or what he's doing. Instead, I pretend I can hear him downstairs puttering around. The ache in my chest intensifies. I don't want to go back there.
When the sun begins to rise, I'm still lost for words. The bed is too big to sleep. Maybe I'll ask Lanie to switch me? I hear the door downstairs click. Shoes hit the hardwood floor. The china cabinet rattles. A few moments later, the stairs creek, a steady accrescendo. His closet door opens, metal on metal creaks thumps and snaps. The sound of fabric swishes.  A zipper cuts through the cold. 
A warm body slides next to me, his eyes searching mine. One look and I melt. My tears of happiness and loneliness colliding. He doesn't shush me. He catches me, wordlessly urging me to find comfort. Seconds later, we both give in to the fatigue that plagued me, our deep breaths mingling; ignoring the birds begging us to join them.
Sunday, we miss church. Lanie and Ruthie attempted to clean the house while we slept. The bits of cereal in the living room remind me I have a problem. I have to learn to sleep on my own. Jack works again tonight. The kids have school in the morning. I could wait until the girls are gone, but that's not me. I don't want to lose me. 
Gen shows up at our door in time for lunch and she doesn't look happy. "Did you really think Robert and I were still in bed after a week?"
I can't help it, I laugh hysterically. I think I really needed that release. Pulling myself together and wiping the moisture from my eyes, I tell her, "I am so sorry." My lingering chuckles aren't helping my case. "Get in here. We're making subs."
"Meatball? With Parmesan?"
"You're still standing in the blazing sun! You want a hot sub?"
"With Parmesan."
"Fine. Whatever. Have it your way. Get in here. I don't want that heat in this house. Between you and your meatballs we'll have enough to last through winter."
"It still gets cold at night," she says, stopping to leave her new yellow carnation wedges at the door.
"Your shoes are destined for death."
"Don't I know it. This way I won't feel guilty when I have to trash them."
"Lanie! Ruthie! My girls! I haven't seen you two in forever. What are you doing?"
"Um, it's been like ten days," Lanie says.
"There isn't enough room in the kitchen for everything Momma likes on her sub. We have to use the dining room table," Ruthie explains. Gen inspects the spinach lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, bell peppers, red onions, black olives, in addition to our select meats, cheeses and dressings. 
"Ya'll really go all out," she says with a nod. She turns away from the table, dismissing our assortment and heads into the kitchen. "Hey Jack." 
"Hey, Gen. Pick a roll and come eat."
"She doesn't want a cold cut. She wants meatball," I tell him, getting them out of the freezer.
"With Parmesan," she clarifies.
"Alright. Can you have lemonade with us or should I make you a smoothie?" he asks her.
"Lemonade, now get out."
He laughs off her bossiness and takes an extra glass into the dining room with the pitcher, leaving us alone. He can still hear us through the archway.
"Now, ask me about Robert."
"Okay. How about Robert?" 
"He's great! I think I'm in love. I mean, I know I am. He wants me to come visit next weekend to meet the family."
"That's awesome," I tell her, adding meatballs to the sauce. "I can't believe he knew."
"I think that was the moment that sealed the deal. He not only understood my craziness, he was intrigued by it. He called me out."
"You were under the table!"
"You would have been, too."
She's right. I'll give her that. We enjoy our custom made subs and everyone chips in to help clean up. If Gen notices the secret looks between me and Jack, she doesn't say anything. The kids go upstairs to enjoy their peace and quiet after she leaves. Jack and I are left in the kitchen, him washing dishes, me putting away food.
"Still haven't thought of anything?" he asks me over the running water.
"Nope." I tell the inside of the refrigerator. Closing it, I join him at the sink. "I have time right?"
"All the time you need."
"Okay. No rush then. I'll let you know," I tell him, leaving him to dry.
When Jack leaves for his second middle of the night shift, I lecture myself on the importance of spending time alone. I decide to work on my list of five people. After two hours of staring at a blank piece of paper, I move my thinking to bed. At some point, I fell asleep. I'm not sure if it was from thinking too hard or boredom. Either way, when I woke up, I was alone but I was okay.
 
Chapter 17



Jack came home after the girls left, another scheduling disaster he has no control over. He ate breakfast I made and thanked me profusely. I told him to go to bed, but instead, he committed to staying awake knowing he had to work early the next morning. He talks me into lunch at Cafe du Jour. 
We walk to the entrance, hand in hand. He lets go only to hold the door. The hostess is the same girl as the last two times. "Hey, Jack."
"Two please," he says, looking at me. She escorts us to a booth towards the back. This time, I don't feel rushed or invisible. Jack never takes his eyes off of me. The waitress comes to take our order. 
"Hey Jack," she says. "What can I get for you?"
"Laurel, what would you like to drink?" he asks me.
Looking at the waitress, I say, "Coke. By the way, I'm Laurel, Jack's wife." I look back at Jack; he's trying to keep his expression neutral. And failing miserably. 
"I'll have the same," he says, still looking at me. His lips are twitching, his chest struggling.
"Be right back," she says sharply.
"That's one," he tells me. I just smile, waiting for my next victim. 
"I was thinking about telling her she's a server, not a waitress, but I think that's something I would have to take up with the owner. It would ruin my day and his to get involved with a conversation pointing out everything wrong in this place."
"You mean like the Hawaiian poster of Elvis?"
"Oh yeah. Classy, that is not."
"And the wagon wheel in the restaurant?"
"Nope."
"Maybe you should be an interior decorator," he says.
"I didn't say I had a better idea." 
The waitress brings our drinks. "Are you ready to order?"
Jack's smiles and nods for me to go ahead. Okay. "I'll take a hot ham and cheese. No lettuce. No tomato. Side of shoestring fries. With vinegar."
"I'll have the same." Well played.
She tries to serve Jack first again. He surprises me by moving the plate to me. We might not be able to win, but maybe we can train her. Halfway thru our meal, someone he works with comes over to say hi. I decide to take Carmela's advice.
"Hey Jack, I thought you'd be sleeping."
"Hey Brian." Jack looks at me.
"Brian, I'm Laurel, Jack's wife. I don't think we've been introduced," I say, holding my hand out expectantly.
He looks to Jack first before lightly shaking my hand. "Nice to meet you." He looks confused. I can do this.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt. Just wanted to say hey. See you later, man. Nice meeting you, Laurel."
Hmmm. Did I come on too strong? Jack's beaming at me again. "Nice," he says. "You been talking to my mom. She taught you well. When you set your mind to something, you achieve it alright."
"Are you laughing at me?"
"Absolutely. And loving every minute of it."
The waitress brings our food. We eat without interruption and Jack lets me decide the tip. For a first lesson, she did pretty well. I thank her for taking care of us.
"See ya, Laurel," she says when we vacate our booth. 
“Bye, Mary,” I say to the hostess. The door closes behind us. Yeah, I did alright. 
I spend the ride home reflecting on Carmela’s advice. I hope I did her proud. It was a baby step into standing up for me. I can’t let Jack define us. I may be his wife, but I still have a name. When we get home, I call Carmela.
”Laurel, sweetheart, how are you?”
“I’m pretty good.”
“That sounds hopeful. What can I do for you?”
“I want to join the wives club?” That's not what I meant to say!
“Was that a question?”
“Well, I’m not quite sure where that came from. But, yeah, I think I need to.”
“What brought this on?”
“I can’t sleep.”
“Huh. Okay, yeah. We don’t have special potions or anything but it’s Thursday here at seven. You don’t need to bring anything. If Jack’s working, the girls can hang out with Chief.”
“Okay. I’ll see you Thursday.”
“Sure, thing. You call me if you need anything. Love you guys.” She hangs up and I’m left trying to figure out what happened. What do I have to lose? It’s just a bunch of women sitting around complaining about their husbands, right?
Thursday night, I gather Lanie and Ruthie and we set off for Carmela’s. They’re in the back seat, whispering and giggling. It’s been eleven days since Jack separated them. The arguments are almost nonexistent. We still have the morning bathroom battle, but Lanie doesn’t harass me to use mine. She doesn’t give me trouble waking up. She asked for her own alarm clock when we bought her dresser. With two of them going off at the same time and both solely responsible for stopping the racket, they have no choice but to wake up. I merely listen at the bottom of the steps for two sets of footsteps and creep back to the kitchen before the pushing and screaming begin. 
I don’t think I would have been able to agree to separate them if the decision rested on my shoulders. Glancing in the rear view mirror, this is one dilemma I’m glad I forfeited. Having Jack around, a part of our everyday lives, it’s two against two. More often than not, it’s four sets of laughter filling our home. I have eight sets of hands helping with meals, doing the laundry and dusting the furniture. No one complains about my choice in groceries because we make the list together. 
I shake off the nothing good lasts forever anxiety as I pull up in front of Chief and Carmela’s. The girls get out and bound up to the door. I’m right behind them after locking the car. Taking my shoes off and stashing my purse, I waltz into the kitchen to greet the others. I don’t feel shy tonight. I don’t feel awkward. A sense of belonging fills me. I’ve never had the urge to befriend others. I’ve always kept my thoughts and my choices close to my heart. Tonight, I’m going to practice letting others in. I have nothing to lose.
Eight women are cluttered around the dining room table. Coffee, tea, and an assortment of snacks are available in between. I take a seat on the only chair left, next to Carmela. The ladies take turns introducing themselves.
“Hi, Laurel, I’m Susan, Phil’s wife. He’s been with the department for fifteen years. He and Jack went through the academy together. I met Carmela at the graduation ceremony. We married right before he made the decision to join. I was devastated. I know I was supposed to support my husband, but I couldn’t understand how he could ask me for this. It took me years to stop asking if I would have married him if he was already a cop. I love him. There is no and.”
“It’s very nice to meet you Susan,” I tell her.
“Hi, Laurel, I’m Diane, Tony’s wife. He’s been on the force for eighteen years. Carmela found me.”
“Hi, Diane.”
“I’m Teresa. We’ve met before. Carmela and I founded this club. We jokingly called it the wives club because our husbands tried to spend every moment working and not, together. It was bond or never see them. My husband is David.”
I just grin at her. I’ve known her and David for many years. They were staples in the Zendahl house.
“I’m Rebecca, Troy’s wife. I went to school with you. Troy decided to become a police officer about three years after we graduated. I left and came back because I decided I couldn’t live without him. So I did marry the officer. And I wouldn’t change a thing about it.”
“I’m sorry I haven’t said hello in passing before.”
“It’s okay,” she tells me.
“It’s nice to finally meet you Laurel. I’m Carol. I’m an old timer like Carmela. I was the third member. It took me awhile to get in on the fun, but I encouraged Steve to spend time with Chief and David so I could get in with Carmela and Teresa. I was pretty desperate.”
“Hi, Carol.”
“Laurel, I’m Vicky. My husband is Scott. I joined about seven years ago. Scott encouraged me to. He’s good friends with Troy. I used to yell and scream a lot. He kept telling me to get a life. I teach at the high school. I have a life and about ninety kids to drive me crazy. I wasn’t dealing well. This group helps me cope.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Vicky.”
“I guess I’m last. I’m Christine. I’m the newest, or I was if you decide you like us. Tim joined the department last year. He’s still a rookie. We were planning our wedding when he was going through the academy. I spent many nights trying to figure out if I could live with it or without him. I chose him and I pray a lot. If he has to be a cop somewhere, I’m thankful it’s here.”
“Hi Christine.” I give her a reassuring smile before looking at the rest of their faces. “As I’m sure you all know, I’m Jack’s wife. I never joined because I wouldn’t let myself care. I don’t know if any of you understand that. I kept who he was to everyone else and him being the father of our girls separate. In doing that, I failed to define him as my husband. I guess I didn’t want to get attached. The other night, he went to work and I couldn’t sleep. The line between me and him got all blurry. I need to figure out how to keep me while letting my heart love him.”
I look up to see them wiping their eyes. Maybe they do get it? Or they feel sorry for me?
“Sweetheart, that is the most honest thing I’ve ever heard you say. You have never admitted that you struggle. With anything,” Carmela says. She leans over and hugs me tight. Whispering in my ear, she says, “it’s gonna be alright.” I believe her. 
There was no man bashing at the wives club. We laughed, we cried, we talked about what it is to carry the world on your shoulders. We praised our husbands for being wonderful. We talked about not wanting to share them, being invisible, having the spotlight shown on your house while you sleep in a dark room alone. I felt every word. At the end of the night, I told them I would see them next week.
When I retrieved my girls, I gave Chief a hug and told him I appreciate him for everything he is. He thanked me for everything I’ve given him. I took Lanie and Ruthie home, tucked them in with hugs and kisses, and enjoyed herbal tea on the porch. I needed to reflect on me. Jack found me on the lounger. Dressed in his pajamas, he sat next to me. We had no need for words. 
Sunday morning, Jack leaves for work just before seven. The chill he leaves behind gets me up and moving. I wake the girls, make breakfast and during my morning coffee, I decide to call Gen.
“Are the pigeons even awake yet?” she whines.
“For hours now. Get up. I’m taking you hostage. Dress pretty.”
“This better be good.”
“Oh, you’re gonna hate it. Two hours.”
 
Chapter 18



She’s standing on the sidewalk bouncing up and down when we arrive. She jumps into the passenger seat and we take off. I drive the few blocks it takes to reach our destination. The church my mother goes to is on the residential side. Gen realizes what I’ve done when I pull into the parking lot.
“Are you kidding me? You got me out of bed for church? Do you know I left Robert’s house at four o’clock in the morning?” Lanie and Ruthie slam the back doors and take off running towards the church.
“Oh, that’s right! You met the family. How’d that go? Why didn’t you wait until later today to drive back?”
“Too many words! Argh! Love his family, his mom really is planning our wedding. She busted out like three bridal magazines. You would’ve loved them. We both have to work tomorrow. I have laundry and stuff to do. Believe me, I considered never coming back.”
That makes me really sad. I can’t imagine not having her around every day. Granted, we can go a week without speaking and its okay. We grab our purses and head into hell. Lanie is sitting with Kristen in the front pew, my mother with my dad in the second. I am still not ready to talk to that woman. I drag Gen and slide to the end of the fourth row. I don’t feel so much like a sinner today. Everyone else clambers into pews as the reverend takes the podium. 
“Good morning everyone. Beautiful day out there this morning. Today, I want to talk about personal responsibility. How your actions affect your personal behavior. More importantly how your behavior can not only reflect but determine your level of responsibility. 
“It’s easy to allow personal behaviors to shape your responsibilities. When the alarm goes off in the morning, you hit that snooze button. Each day, the number of times slips and next thing you know, you’re late for work. Your boss, your co-workers, they get to know you as the guy who is always late. Now, I know what you’re thinking. But I don’t care what other people think of me. That is an emotionally healthy point of view. But when you ask yourself what does God think, how would God feel about your lack of personal responsibility and how it affects others, we have to consider if there are consequences above our bosses and coworkers. 
“I’m asking all of you to do some thinking. We’ve all heard that God doesn’t give us more than we can handle. If you can’t handle your personal responsibility, does your boss trust you with extra work? Do your coworkers rely on you? I’m asking all of you to consider this. I think, when we neglect our own responsibilities, we fail to see opportunities where we could make a difference. If you’re late for work, you don’t have time to offer directions to the man who’s late to pick up his daughter. You don’t have time to hold the door for the elderly woman pushing her husband in a wheelchair. You only have time to take care of you. Your focus is on personal responsibility. Take a look at your life this week. Are there areas you can tidy up; create more room to allow God the opportunity to grant you chances to make a difference. The little stuff gives us practice for the big stuff. We all know you can’t just show up to a twenty mile marathon. Practice. Let us all bow our heads and pray.”
Do I have more room for personal responsibility? What would happen if I took on more? Who would pick up the girls from school if they got sick? What if Jack was too busy at work? He can’t always come home on short notice. He has a job for a reason. Our town doesn’t keep cops stocked like sugar in the pantry. If I increase my personal responsibility, then someone has to shoulder the extra weight. Or I run myself ragged. How would I feel if someone else decided to throw more on me and walk away with a simple too bad? That’s not fair. What gives me the right to stand up and say it’s my turn now? 
The congregation starts to flow outside. Gen is looking at me, expectantly. “Can we leave now?”
“Can you ask my dad to take the girls home with them? Tell him I need to talk to the reverend. Please? I’ll take you to Chuck’s for lunch as soon as I’m done.”
“Sure thing. You okay?”
“Yeah, I just need a minute. Wait for me outside?”
With one last have you lost your mind look, she says, “yeah” and vacates the church. Reverend Daniels notices me failing to leave. When the last worshiper leaves, he walks over to the end of my pew.
“Laurel, everything okay?”
“It’s getting there. Can you sit with me for a minute?”
“Of course. Is something bothering you?” he asks, sliding down the pew next to me. Mirroring my posture, he sits back, hands folded in his lap. 
“It’s probably not my place but I want to know why your son chose not to be there for his son?”
“I wasn’t expecting that. But you have every right to question my morals. I don’t expect you to understand my reasons, but they’re mine.” He pauses, looks at me, and faces forward again. “Connor wasn’t ready to be a dad. I didn’t want him to end up in a dead end job, unable to provide for his family. I forced him to go to Columbia.” He looks at me again, possibly searching my face for judgment. It’s not my place. 
“He loves Lynn. He’s not living it up at Columbia the way she likes to tell people.”
“Why don’t you have anything to do with Liam?” I ask him.
“Because it wouldn’t be fair to Connor. I took him away from his family. Why should I reap the benefits while he’s missing out?” Good point. But, still? It’s Liam who’s missing out. 
“Okay. I understand that. Lynn’s family. Liam. They’re the ones paying the ultimate price.”
“Maybe. I didn’t force Lynn to be a mother. I didn’t force her parents to help her. I didn’t force people to choose between believing her or not. One look at Liam and it’s obvious he’s Connor’s baby. If Lynn had come to us or left Liam on our doorstep, we would never have pushed her away. I chose to make us suffer. My hope is that Connor gets a degree, comes back, and claims his family. I don’t ever expect gratitude. But sacrifice, you can’t put a price on what someone is willing to do for their family. I’m trusting God on this one. I can what if it every which way. What if Lynn falls in love with someone else? What if something tragic happens and Connor and Liam never meet? What if they never forgive me? That’s a chance I have to take. A risk I chose because the alternative is Connor will have a way to provide for his baby.”
“Why didn’t you tell Lynn? Why not let Connor have a relationship with Liam now?
He looks at me a long time before answering. “One look at that little boy is all it would take.”
“So, Connor knows?”
“Yeah. He knows. And he’ll be back.” I’m glad he has all the faith. 
“Thank you. And I’m sorry for bringing it up.”
“Not a problem. We often see pieces of our own unresolved problems in other peoples. If I was able to help you at all, it was worth it. You’ve given me something to think about, too. Connor’s old enough to make his own decisions. I worry that dads can’t go to college. Maybe I ought to let him choose. Or at least tell him it’s possible.”
I find Gen outside on the swings, deep in thought. “Hey, you ready?” I ask her.
“Yeah.” She gets up and slowly meanders over, all her usual spunk depleted.
“You tired?” I ask her as we cross the parking lot.
“I guess.” 
Chuck’s is almost across the street. I think about asking Jack to join us, but I don’t want to become that woman. The getting in and out of the car has me asking why we didn’t walk. Until I look over at Gen. Something is really bothering her. 
“Heya Chuck.”
“Laurel, Gen. How are you lovely ladies? In here on a Sunday. Church that bad?”
“Hey, I don’t usually do the church thing. She made me get out of bed at seven with promises of fun,” Gen says.
“I don’t go unless they have a service during the week,” Chuck tells her.
“I go when my mother makes me,” I say.
“Really? You didn’t even speak to your mother today. What’s your excuse?”
“Today was different.”
“Mmmhmmm. Sure it was. Thanks anyway. It was okay,” Gen says.
“So what can I get you ladies?”
We both order and Chuck runs off to the kitchen to cook. He still doesn’t look what I would say is normal. Gen is sulking next to me. “What’s up with you?”
“I got thinking. I always wanted to get out of here. Move away. You know?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Well, I was talking to Robert yesterday and he says he expected moving to the city to be like having a parade every day. But instead, everything costs more. There’s more crime. He said you can’t walk down the street at night.”
“And that depresses you?”
“Sorta. He said he’d be willing to move here.”
“And you’d be stuck forever?”
“Yeah.”
“Maybe we need to travel more?” I say.
“Maybe. I don’t make enough to travel. Maybe I need to figure out what I wanna be when I grow up.”
“You and me both,” I say, offering my coke glass in toast. She grins in return and clinks her glass. I feel a little lighter knowing I have a partner in crime to join me on my journey to grow up.
Chuck comes back and sets our plates down. “Hey Chuck, everything okay?” I ask as he’s walking back to the kitchen.
He stops, puts his hands on his hips, still facing away from me. After a minute, he turns back around and walks back to the spot behind the bar in front of my stool. Leaning on the bar, he says, “why do you ask?”
“Because you seem, I don’t know, different.” I eat a couple fries while he ponders how much to divulge.
Finally, he gives in. “Twenty years ago, my wife died. Did you know that?”
“I did.”
“Okay. I was in the Marines for ten years when we got married. She wanted me out, I got out. The problem was, she wanted out of this town. I didn’t. She went to an interview in Baltimore. Said if she got a job, we were leaving. She was five months pregnant. With the baby I wanted. It was my deal. I leave the Marines, I want a kid. Car accident on the way home. I lost them both. I’ve waited twenty years for someone to come save me. Don’t think I deserve to go looking for a new life. Yeah, I’m starting to think it’s not gonna happen.”
Gen and I eat our food. Both of us absorbed in our own thoughts. Before leaving I say, “Heya Chuck?”
“Yeah?”
“Is this what she would have wanted?” I wave my arm around the bar. He nods his head to let me know he got what I was saying. 
Gen rides with me to pick up the girls. I am still not ready for my mother. They’re outside helping my dad when we pull up. He doesn’t ask why we’re not staying for dinner. He knows I’m working through stuff. I can’t pretend with her until we clear the air. After hearing Chuck’s story, I may strangle her for not being thankful.
 
Chapter 19



Tuesday morning, I’m outside inspecting rosebuds while Jack is inside enjoying his free time before work. A car door grabs my attention. I look and see Mrs. Elliott, my high school guidance counselor. I’ve never acknowledged her living next door before. I think today is finally the day.
“Good morning, Mrs. Elliott!” I call out to her while walking towards the car she’s still huddled next to.
“Oh, Laurel. Good morning, dear. How’s that husband of yours? And your girls? Everyone doing okay?” she asks.
“We’re all doing good. How are you? Enjoying retirement?”
“I’m okay. This hot weather is nice on my arthritis. I wouldn’t say I’m enjoying retirement. I wish I was still young enough to work. Staying home all day was never my thing.”
“I wanted to ask you. Why didn’t you tell me about student loans?”
“Oh, you’re not gonna like this and I’m sorry to be the one to say it. But I’d rather you know than the truth than it look like I didn’t do my job. When you first showed interest in college, I had to call your parents to get their permission to help you plan.”
“My parents? What did they say?”
“Well, uh, your mom was really upset. She told me not to call anymore. That you weren’t going anywhere.”
Un. Be. Lievable. I think I might strangle her. My own husband will have to arrest me. I see red. Oh, yeah, I’m angry now. There is no excuse! 
“Thank you, Mrs. Elliott, I appreciate it. I’m glad you finally told me,” I tell her quietly to avoid letting my anger seep through.
“No problem. You take care. Enjoy those sweet girls. Before you know it they’ll be all grown up!”
I watch her make her way inside the house. That’s gonna be me; old with arthritis, only nothing to show for it. All thanks to my selfish, evil mother! The nerve of that woman!
Throwing my hands up in the air to try to release some tension, I focus on breathing. It doesn’t work! I launch myself up the steps and through the front door. I don’t even remember opening it. “Jack!” I yell. He comes running downstairs.
“What? What’s wrong? What is it?” he demands. I can’t focus enough. I can’t see. My perception is so clouded. 
“Keys. You drive. My mother. Kill her.” I’m not making any sense!
“Okay, calm down. Go outside. I’ll be right there.”
I don’t remember going back down the steps. I’m sitting in the car and Jack is driving and I want to hit something. He parks and I see my dad. I get out, slamming my door. “You! Stay out of this! I’m gonna kill her!”
Jack is talking to my dad and I don’t care. The witch has got to burn. People that evil don’t exist!
I stomp into the house and yell, “where the hell are you? Come out now because I swear I’m gonna strangle. The nerve! How could you? How could you do this to me? What the hell is so wrong with you? You are the most horrible woman I’ve ever met in my life! You’re a disgrace!” She entered the room at some point of my tirade. And she looks like she has no clue why I’m in her house threatening her bodily harm. 
“What is your problem? How dare you come in here yelling like that,” she says, but it lacks her usual viciousness.
“You. Told the guidance counselor. I was not going to college. How dare you! How dare you make a decision like that!”
“I was your mother. I had every right to tell her not to call here.”
“Was. Was being the key word. You are not my mother. There is no excuse.”
“Are you saying you regret having Lanie and Ruthie?”
“Don’t you dare! You don’t have the right. You never did anything for me because you were protecting me. You did it because you’re evil!”
“No, I did it because I didn’t want that woman telling you college was possible.”
“WHY???”
“Because I didn’t get to go. Because I got stuck here. She called and all I kept thinking its that’s not fair.”
“You were jealous? You couldn’t take control of your own life so you ruined mine?”
“I never had the choice!”
“Why, mom? Why?”
She’s crying now. I smell a truth.  It’s coming. Her completely idiotic reason for ruining my life. She slides down the wall she was leaning against, same old dish towel in her hands. 
“This farm belongs to my family. Everyone else left. If I leave, I forfeit it. I can’t leave. I can’t let them win.”
“That’s great Mom. What does that have to do with me leaving?”
“If you stayed, I could have left.”
“I have my own house now. I’m not living here. Don’t you dare try to talk my girls into signing their life away to you.”
I leave. She’s still alive. It’s a miracle, but that right there, proves I’m the bigger person. I count each concrete step I descend, knowing with every part of me, this is the last time I will ever walk this path away from my cursed childhood home. That woman can’t touch me anymore. Jack meets me at the last step. He takes my hand and walks me to the car. My dad is standing there, holding the door open. He wraps me in his arms and whispers in my ear, “I didn’t know.” 
I hug him back. I can’t lose him. I know he didn’t know. It’s not his fault. He puts me in the car and Jack drives away. He says nothing. He pulls in our driveway. My home. He leads me upstairs, to our bathroom, and starts the tub. In minutes, I’m undressed and soaking. He kisses my forehead and leaves, closing the door. I’m alone. I don’t deserve to be around other people.
Carmela enters the bathroom hours or days later. The water is cold. I haven’t moved an inch. She doesn’t talk. She helps me out of the tub and into a warm towel. She helps me dress in flannel lounge pants and a t-shirt. My standard comfort. I know these clothes, I know this house. I look into her whiskey colored eyes and I know she cares. She’s not doing this out of obligation. She pushes me into bed, wrapping me in the comforter I never use. Unless it’s to hide. I want to hide. This is okay. She leaves. In minutes or hours, she comes back. I see wild black hair and bouncy mocha curls. Piercing blue and knowing brown seek my gaze. I give it to them. Lanie says, “Momma, its okay.”
They climb into my bed, one on each side. They hold me, keeping the mean woman with the ulterior motives out of my head. I can get through this. I can move on. I focus on the faces that love me. The new ones like Lanie and Ruthie. The others like Carmela and Chief that have been there for me, over and over, the way she never was. I focus on Jack. There isn’t a day when I don’t remember him being there. And then there’s my dad. He’s always been there. He’ll be there tomorrow, right?
 
Chapter 20



It takes me two days to wean from my mother's hold. Two days to work through the depths of her deception. Carmela, the girls and Jack spend their free time taking turns loving me. I don't feel guilty. There comes a point when we need others. 
I shower off the rest of the truth, dressing in real clothes, albeit my usual choice of comfy clothes. This is who I am. I make the trek downstairs, greeted with quietness. The girls are still in school. I make coffee and wait for it to brew, the aroma wrapping around me, rejuvenating me. When it's done, I grab a generic blue mug and add sugar and cold milk. 
I make my way out to the screened in porch through the kitchen. Jack is sitting on my lounger. I guess it's our lounger again. He's watching the branches of the weeping willow tree dance in the wind. He's calm, content, arms supporting his head. Like me, he's dressed to relax. 
I walk slowly to the lounger, not wanting to disturb his sense of peace. My coffee safe on the side table, I curl up with him and close my eyes. The tinkling of the wind chimes lulls me, reminding me of my grandmother. She was my dad's mother. She taught me everything I know about trees and plants. She taught me love and how to find peace.
"How do you feel?" Jack asks.
"Safe."
"My mission is complete." He puts his hand over my eyes. "What color shirt am I wearing?"
"Light blue."
"Then yours is, too."
"So, what now?" I ask him.
"That depends on you."
"I looked into online schools. They require fifteen credits to attend. I missed out on college credit for AP classes..."
"Shush, woman. Did you figure out what you want to be yet?"
"I have an idea."
"Good. I'm working the details. I promised to move the Earth for you, and I'm going to." He snuggles me closer. I drink my coffee and remind myself to trust him.
The next morning, I awake to find a note on the table. Jack let me sleep in, made breakfast, and sent the girls to the bus. Too impressed to wait another second, I open it:

Laurel,
Meet me in front of the courthouse at eleven. Wear something black.
-Jack

Okay. I eat breakfast, relax, and enjoy having the house to myself. A little after ten, I check my closet for anything in black. I go for a cute ankle length sundress, paired with gold sandals I bought with Gen. I brush my hair out and apply light makeup, just enough to match my mood. Glancing in the bathroom mirror, my blue eyes startle me. So much like Lanie's. 
Shaking my head and smiling so hard my cheeks hurt, I shut off the bathroom light and close our bedroom door behind me. I skip down the steps and collect my purse off the sideboard in the entryway. Keys in hand, I take one last glance at my home before locking up, getting in my car, and driving away.
At five minutes of eleven, I pull up in front of the courthouse and park. Jack is waiting out front for me. He looks nervous, unsure of himself. I don't think he saw me arrive. I watch him as I walk closer, hands running through his hair. He's frustrated. I check my watch. Am I late? No, right on time.
"Jack?" He turns upon hearing my voice.
"Hey."
"You okay?" He tries to smile but it's a grimace. I don't feel so well. He's making me nervous.
He grabs my hand and leads me to a bench off to the side. "Sit, please." He remains standing, pacing, nervous. And not in a good way.
"I have an offer. I think you should take it."
"What is it?" 
He pulls two envelopes from the inside pocket of his sport jacket. One thick, one thin. Handing me the first, he says, "Divorce papers."
Neither one of us speaks. Suddenly, his words tumble, "you get everything. The house, your car, the kids. Anything and everything. It's yours." He hands me the second envelope. "Three months advance on alimony and child support. We can negotiate if you don't think it's fair. St. Mary's does classes online. Financially, you’re set. You might have to drive up once a week. My mom will help with the girls if I can't. If you move there, I'll help. I'll do anything, give you anything. I wanna make this right."
I can't speak. He can't be serious. He won't look at me. I stand up, leaving the envelopes on the bench, forgotten. I need his eyes. I duck down, he turns away from me. He won't look at me! What am I gonna do? 
Number five.
-----@-----
“So, you look extra pretty today," Gen says.
"Really?"
"Oh yeah, like a real professional." I hope so. We're off to see the mayor. It's been a rough couple of weeks. Every time I see my car or walk in my house or see my girls, I feel blessed beyond belief.
"Are you ready?" I ask her as we walk up the steps of the courthouse. 
"Yep. How's Jack?"
"Good, I guess. What do I care? He's not here."
"That's the spirit! Carmela would be proud."
We smile at each other and enter the three story brick building, taking an immediate right for the town council wing. The mayor’s office is the last door. I push it open and we enter, wearing our lady faces.
"Good afternoon, how can I help you?"
"Laurel Zendahl and Genevieve Douglas, we have an appointment with the mayor."
"He's expecting you, go right in."
"Thank you," I tell her. We enter the office, Gen behind me. "Good afternoon, Mayor Thomas. I'm Laurel and this is Gen."
"Afternoon ladies, I know who both of you are. Have a seat. How's Jack?"
"Not here. We would like to offer you a proposition. I understand your office limits information released regarding the town. Is that correct?"
"Uh, yes. We worry about outsiders getting the wrong opinion."
"Funny you should use that word. Are you aware, by prohibiting tourism you're essentially telling us we have nothing to offer?" I ask him.
"That's not... We're just trying to protect people."
"From what, exactly? I keep hearing its crime that concerns you. Are you insinuating our police can't do their job? Don't you think the Chief should have a say in that?"
"What do you want?"
"I want you to allow us to promote tourism. Outsider influence. I want us to open the doors and let others in."
"But, we don't have jobs. We don't have homes standing vacant. What are you two asking for?"
"Well, I'm requesting to be designated publicity agent. Gen here, would make a great director of tourism. That means I print what I see fit and she schedules events. Gen has been the face of information in this town for over ten years. She deserves it."
"And you?"
"I'm asking. I don't see anyone else offering."
"What about the rest of the town? You can't just change the way it's always been."
"I suggest you bring it up at the next meeting. Yes, before the election."
"If you don't, and we will be there," Gen says, "I will run against you. It seems a lot of people in this town want change. I think you're an okay Mayor. I have no complaints. Do you want to risk going against a woman?"
He sighs. "Fine. We'll let the town decide. If they agree, you two are on. Since no one asked, of course. Thanks for stopping by."
We let ourselves out of his office and back outside before we release the breaths we had been holding. "We did it," Gen says quietly. 
"We did."

-THE END.
###

About the Author

Becoming Mrs. Zendahl is Lara Song’s first novel. Please remember to leave feedback at your favorite retailer.

Contact her via email or view  facebook page 


Cover photo “Surprise Ice” by Carmen Jost from Flickr via Stockphoto.  Licence at Creative Commons.
