Chapter 1

“Your mom and I are getting married,” I said looking into their eyes, trying to hide the trepidation in my voice.  

That’s when I felt the world fade to black.  Now I’m inside my head.  No one else is in the room.  My brain is spinning like a maelstrom and I’m having a minor freak-out.  It was instantaneous, so I don’t think anyone noticed it.  I don’t even think I recognized it until much later.  But, here I was staring death in the face, and death had a mouth full of braces.  

This was a moment that had tortured me with ambivalence for weeks.  Emma and I had discussed this day on a multitude of occasions until we surrendered to exhaustion.  All the nuances of what we would say, how we would say it, when we would say it, and where we would say it.  We had been over all of it in excruciating detail.  Like so many things in our lives at that point, we knew that no matter how many scenarios we ran and how many tragedies we had avoided in our heads, the reality was completely unpredictable.  After much deliberation, we agreed to expect a wholly disinterested “Really?  Whatever.” response from the kids.  Knowing Pete and Bob enough to make a prediction, this was the most likely response, given the fact that they were 10 and 13 years old and typical, unimpressed kids of their generation.  However, there was always the possibility of the whole thing blowing up in our faces, leaving the grim saturation of rejection all over our faces.  

That would suck. 

Although, either or both kids could violently reject the whole idea for a panoply of reasons, and we were fully prepared for any of them.  (At least in theory.)  Although we hadn’t seen any signs of it at that point, they could rebel against the idea for the mere fact of their mother marrying someone else.  I wasn’t their dad, I never would be, and maybe that was the only thing that mattered to them.  Maybe they were the kids you hear about where no one should be married to their mom other than their dad.  Maybe they would hear the news and hideously transmogrify into 7-headed troglodytes emerging from their caves to kill the threat to their happy home.  Maybe they would be typical kids that reject anything their parents say or do, out of (kid) principle.  Or, maybe they would just be assholes about it.  I’ve heard kids can be that way.  

Or, they could rebel against the idea because it just freaked them out to think of another man in their family and in their house.  I could almost hear the thousand questions zipping through their brains as I sat there in cool repose, trying to ascertain their disposition.  How would they act?  How would I act?  How would daily life change?  Would I be cool?  Would I be a jerk?  Would I try to assume the role of their dad?  Would they let me get anywhere near the role of their dad?  Would I care about them at all?  Would they care about me at all?  How much were they supposed to like me?  Were they supposed to love me?   Would they somehow create problems in our marriage?  What’s it like to be a stepfather?  What’s it like to be a stepkid?  Did they have to call me “dad”?  What about their real dad?  Does he disappear?  Will he be relegated to a peripheral existence in their lives?  Would they still get to see him every day?  Would they get to see him enough?  Can they still walk around the house in their underwear?  Can they still drink the milk out of the bottle?  Every single detail of their lives was now up in the air.  Life as they knew it was over.  How would they handle it?  How would their older brother, Chris, handle it?  How would their dad handle it?  How would I handle it?  

Until I spoke those words to them I was a single guy living alone in a nice house with no furniture other than a couch, a TV, and a bed.  I had a dog, a cat, no kids, I was dating a great girl who I loved very much, and I spent most of my free time hanging with my friends, being lazy, absorbed in my own little world, with no one to worry about but me.  Of course, I had considered the fact that all of this would go away when we got married, and it never seemed like an issue.  I was going to be married to the most perfect girl in the world and nothing else mattered.  Now that I was thinking about what the kids were going through, I started to think a little more about what I was going through.  That’s when the metaphorical hand said “slap” to my face.  

Six months later on June 18, 2005 I was going to be the proud stepfather of three kids, ages 10, 13, and 20.  Let me say that again.  On June 18, 2005 I was going to be the proud step-father of three kids, ages 10, 13, and 20.  

Holy shit. 

And, gulp. 

What if the kids are a nightmare?  What if I am a terrible stepfather?  What if I forgot how to do 5th grade math?  What if the world implodes around me?

I had been married before, so I was familiar with the vagaries of married life.  I had made all the mistakes before and I had assiduously learned from them (more on that later).  That didn’t worry me.  I knew that I would be a great husband.  I was giddy with the idea of devoting my life to this incredible woman.  Yeah, I was lazy, but I could step it up for the good of the marriage (more on that later).  No, I didn’t need to play video games for 16 hours straight (more on that later).  No, I didn’t need to lay on the couch each Sunday and watch football all day (more on that later).  I wasn’t worried about me.  I was worried about my pending family.  Could we be happy?  How different would reality be versus the way it looked in my head?  These were all questions I knew would be answered soon enough, and that I probably wouldn’t like some of the answers.  

“You’re getting married???”, the kids said in amplified unison.

Double-gulp.

“YES!!  Alright!!  Awesome!!  Yeah!!!”, they effused.

Both Emma and I released a simultaneous, cathartic, galactic sigh of relief, like we just hit a patch of ice on the road, spun around 17 times, missed the telephone pole, missed the divider, missed the on-coming tractor trailer, and skidded to safety back on the shoulder.

They jumped up off the faded green, highly-weathered, very dog-haired couch, high-fived each other, jumped around the coffee table, hugged Emma and gushed for 2.5 minutes about how happy they were and how great this was.  

“When are you getting married?”, Pete asked enthusiastically.

Another touchy subject.

We decided we had to withhold this information for as long as possible for some very good, maybe paranoid, reasons.  You see, their dad is quite possibly the angriest, most psychopathic prick on the planet.  I know everyone thinks their ex is a jerk and has done some horrible things.  Let me tell you, most of you have no idea.  Except for the criminally insane men and/or women who kill their ex-spouses, this guy has to be the worst case of psycho-ex-spouse imaginable.  He is the kind of psycho asshole you only see in movies.  Guys like this don’t really exist in real life, do they?  Yes, they do.  

I’ll tell you more about him later, but for now, suffice it to say we were very concerned he would show up at the wedding and violently disrupt the ceremony, embarrassing himself, us, and all of the guests.  We believed that we had do whatever it took to make sure he didn’t find out where and when we were getting married.  And, we knew we would have to go to the expense and hassle of hiring private security on our wedding day.  

To exacerbate the situation, the kids were terrified to withhold any information from their dad out of fear of him finding out they didn’t tell him something.  When he found out the kids didn’t tell him something, he would verbally and emotionally eviscerate them without remorse.  Then, he would apologize and say “you know I didn’t mean it.  I would never hurt you on purpose.  You know I’m sorry.”  

So, we knew we couldn’t trust the kids with this information, for their own good.  We had to keep the location and date of the wedding a secret for as long as possible.  We couldn’t even tell them what we were considering, beyond vague approximations of the details.  

All of those thoughts and memories ran through our heads as we mentally scrambled to come up with an answer to Pete’s question that wouldn’t sound suspicious.

“We really haven’t figured that out yet”, Emma replied.  “Jack only asked me to marry him a couple of days ago.  We’re thinking about getting married sometime this summer, but there are a lot of details to work through.  So, you’re really happy about us getting married?”

“Yeah, definitely.  That’s so cool.  I’m so happy for you”, Bob responded.  

“Thank you so much.  That means the world to me.” said Emma in some amalgam of relief and euphoria.  

“Do you know where you’re getting married?”, inquired Pete.

“No, not specifically”, I responded cautiously.  “It’ll probably be somewhere in North Carolina.  We don’t want everyone to have to travel very far.  My parents are in California and my brother is in New York, but your mom’s whole family is here, except for Diane.  It’ll just be easier to do it relatively close-by.  I don’t know.  What do you think?”  

Pete shrugged.  “I dunno.  What about the honeymoon?”, his eyes widening and lips spreading into a grin.  “Are we going on the honeymoon with you?”    

Emma and I looked at each other with a non-specific panic.  That was one of the few questions we hadn’t considered and did not expect.  Of course.

I’m thinking, “Okay, which one of us was going to dare to field that question?  This one has disaster written all over it.  To the kids, this was a very important question with a thousand implications.  We can’t blow it now.  Not this soon.  Quick, think.  What does he want to hear?  You have to say something, quick.  Just be vague and non-committal.  Give him nothing to use at a later date as proof that we suck.”

“That’s a great question”, I started, hoping an epiphany would fall out of the sky and out of my mouth.  “We were thinking we would take two honeymoons.  One with you guys and one with just us.”  Brilliant, I congratulated myself.  “Where do you think you want to go?  Anywhere in the world.  Name it.”  Dumb ass, I dubbed myself.  

“Anywhere??” they both inquired looking at each other, rubbing their hands together like mad scientists about to flip the switch on their latest invention.  

And the flood gates opened.  

The kids proceeded to vomit out a litany of exotic, far away, and adult-unfriendly places that made us wince with each subsequent suggestion.

“How about Hawaii?  No, Australia.  No, California.  No, New York.  No, Spain.  No, the Bahamas.  No, Disney.  No, Universal in Florida…”  The list went on, the expensive activities associated with these destinations piled up, and the price tag went through the roof.  Emma looked at me with a dejected mix of “nice save” and “you idiot”.  She knew the double-honeymoon idea was a good, albeit expensive, option that we would all enjoy.  But, we both knew I pushed it one step too far.  I couldn’t just shut my mouth, could I?  

Oh well.  I only half blew it and we would make it out of the conversation alive.  That was all that mattered at that point.  We knew we had time to maneuver the kids into accepting a much more local and much more reasonable honeymoon/vacation, but now was not the time to open up that mess.  We had to leave that turd on the table and walk away like it didn’t exist.  We would clean it up some other day.  We had to get up and leave the room on a high note like George Costanza. 

“Well, we have plenty of time to talk about it.  We don’t need to decide anything right now.  Just think about it for a while and let us know what you come up with.”  Emma directed the kids away from an immediate decision.  “Now, why don’t you guys go play?  We’ll talk about all this another time.” 

Nice.

She had been a mom for 20 years and was well-versed in the fine art of adolescent-diversion tactics.  I was impressed.  I would have ended-up promising them a 3-month trip around the world, stopping at every Disney resort and every water park known to man.  Clearly, I had a lot to learn and I felt at that moment I was going to marry the Obi-Wan Kenobi of parenting.  

“Pretty smooth.” I whispered to Emma.  “You certainly pulled that one out of your ass.”  

She looked at me and smiled that omniscient smile only mothers know.  She knew how horribly trapped I was and that I was steering both of us towards a dangerous and unrecoverable place.  She also knew that she had saved the both of us.  I think she delighted in the fact she had done this for me and gently introduced me to the wonderful world of parenting at the same time.  What an incredible person.  She amazed me with that surreptitiously brilliant maneuver I would soon learn to master myself.  

“Well, I guess we have some planning to do.” I said to my future wife with a note of anticipatory exhaustion.  “Do you want to deal with the wedding or the honeymoon first?

“I think I’d like to start planning the wedding first.  That may affect what we do and where we go on our honeymoons.” 

We sat there in silence for a while, letting the wheels spin and began processing the next six months ahead of us.  We knew we would have to do everything ourselves, which was actually an exciting prospect for both of us.  We were both very accustomed to, and very good at, planning large-scale projects.  So, the monster of details, planning, and execution was not at all daunting to either one of us.  I was almost surprised to realize we were both looking forward to the whole planning process together.  This was a great opportunity to let our minds go, dream up crazy options, and discuss ridiculous destinations we could never afford.  Like everything at that point, everything seemed possible and everything seemed fun.   

This was a stark contrast to the lives we lived before we met and before we started dating.  I think the stretch of time before we started dating was kind of a strange time for both of us.  We worked at the same company and were peripherally connected by our jobs, but we really didn’t get to know each other very well when our paths first crossed.  Emma has since told me that when she first met me, she thought I was “really weird”.  (It’s an interesting moment when you learn that your wife used to think you were weird and didn’t think much of you.)  I can understand where she was coming from, though.  I am different from most of the people that work at our company.  We all have MBA’s, we are all competitive, and we are all very focused on our careers.  But, most everyone else in the company is from North Carolina or some other Southern state and they are very conservative.  This is the land of the Southern Baptists, where there are churches on every corner, a bible in every nightstand, and a clandestine judgment behind everyone’s eyes.  Based on that alone, my presence here was initially met with skeptical curiosity.  I wish I had a nickel for every time someone said to me, “you ain’t from here, are ya”.  

I think I am quite normal and I fit in pretty well here, but it has been proven many times over that I am almost completely antithetical to everyone at work and around town, and I don’t really fit in all that well.  It has gotten a lot better over the years, as I have made some great friends and I have acculturated pretty well.  But, I can’t seem to shake the label of at least “slightly weird” with the ghost of “very weird” not far behind.  

Before I moved down here from Queens eight years ago, I thought I was pretty pedestrian.  Slightly unique in the way my mind works, maybe, but relatively normal nonetheless.  To illustrate, here is the abbreviated version of my story.

I as born in Illinois, but I moved to New Jersey when I was four.  To me, I am from New Jersey.  That is where I lived from kindergarten through high school and that is where I “grew up”.  It is my home.  In my 37 years of life, I have moved over 25 times and I have lived all across the US.  But, whenever someone asks me where I’m from, I always say, “Jersey”.  

As far as I know, I have always been a quiet, introspective, inquisitive, self-aware, casually adventuresome, and happy person.  I spend most of my time somewhere in my head, interpreting the things around me, rather than actively engaging in them.  In social settings, I don’t say a whole lot, mostly because I don’t think most things are worth saying.  I hate mindless banter and gossip, which makes me seem stand-offish to most people.  Almost completely contrary to that, I love a good debate and I will argue an interesting topic with ruthless vigor to win the argument.  I see arguing as a sport, and I have pissed off a lot of people who have a personal stake in the argument or don’t recognize the fun of arguing.  

Generally speaking, I am disassociated and dispassionate about the terrestrial complexities that convolute most people’s lives.  This sentiment is either the cause or effect of a distinct feeling of being completely disconnected from the world.  It’s been this way for almost as long as I can remember.  Most of the time, I feel like I am somewhere above my head, watching myself move through the world from a distance.  I feel like a casual observer to my own life and the things around me.  I don’t even feel like the words coming out of my mouth are coming from me.  They seem to be coming from the sentient doppelganger loosely attached to my brain.  If I didn’t notice this phenomenon when I was around seven years old, I would think it was the after-effect of all the drugs I did in my younger years.  The first time I noticed it was a very trippy experience.  I was playing soccer under the lights and all of a sudden, my consciousness was sucked out of my body and I played the whole game outside of myself, watching myself play the entire game.  I felt no connection to the activity in which I was engaged.  My body did all of the things it was supposed to do, but I felt like I was not controlling it in any way.  After the game, I told my mom about it and asked her to explain what the hell just happened.  She had no idea what I was talking about, and could not help me make any sense of it.  Since then, I have never heard or seen anything that has helped me figure out what this disconnection is all about.  It remains a mystery to me and it remains an integral part of me.  

I think I grew up a pretty happy kid.  I was always smiling and always asking questions.  (My grandfather used to call me the “How Come Kid”, a moniker I have always loved.)  Sure, I’ve had some unhappy times growing up, but I don’t think anything significant enough has happened to affect my optimistic outlook.  I was a little bit chunky during my awkward years from nine to fourteen years old.  Not even close to fat, but heavy enough to draw insults from a few thoughtless kids.  I still think about the mean things kids said to me during those years, making fun of me for being what they considered fat.  If nothing else, it has made me extremely sensitive and empathic towards everyone in the world who isn’t perfect because of things they can’t control.  I am hyper-aware of how people are feeling and reacting and I go out of my way to defend them or encourage them if they are made to feel inferior for any reason.  And, I am extremely loyal to the people who treat me with kindness and respect.  As for the people I love, I would step in front of a bus for them.  

I have always loved learning and doing well in school.  To me, intelligence and scholastic success is the great equalizer and a very powerful tool.  You can do a lot of damage or a lot of good with your brain, depending on how you use it.  When I see people with a hardcore commitment to working out and maniacally striving for a perfect body, I see a pathetic compensation for their lack of intelligence or lack of confidence.  Yes, there are exceptions, but I think that is a reasonable truism for the most part.  I do think it is very important to be in shape and healthy, but taken to an extreme always seemed sad to me.  

I used to play a lot of sports, but I was never great at any one of the sports I played.  I just loved to play.  It was never all that important to me to be the best one on the team, as long as I was having fun.  I didn’t stop playing sports until I was fifteen years old when both my soccer coach and my basketball coach gave me the ultimatum to cut my hair or sit on the bench.  I was a budding rocker at the time and I thought my coaches were incredibly narrow-minded assholes for even raising the issue.  If that was how they felt, then I wanted no part of it.  So, I quit all organized sports and I diverted my teenage kinetic energy into my social life and getting my kicks in less productive ways.  

I never got into much trouble, or at least I didn’t get caught, because I was very low-key about what I was doing.  I never rebelled for attention and I wasn’t looking for a “reputation”.  I went down the shore with my friends, I went to parties every weekend, I hung out in the City (Manhattan, for the non-Yankees in the crowd), I went skiing in the Poconos and upstate New York, I went to concerts, and I hung out with friends.  So, nothing crazy.  Yes, there was partying involved in most of these activities, but I never saw it as breaking any laws.  I was just having fun.  

There were a few conflicts with my parents over curfews, but for the most part, we got along great.  They were (and are) great parents.  As long as I got good grades, they pretty much let me do whatever I wanted.  They grounded me every once in a while, but I definitely deserved it.  With my parents, there really wasn’t anything to rebel against.  They were loving, reasonable people who trusted me to do the right thing, even after I made bad choices.  I think I had built so much trust by doing well in school and being a good kid, they were willing to forgive most of my teenage transgressions and stupidities.  They knew I partied at least a little bit, but in those days parents didn’t have to worry about the same kinds of things parents worry about today.  Back then, underage drinking was not condoned, but it wasn’t yet labeled an epidemic.  It was seen as one of the stupid things kids do and grow out of, but nothing to worry about as long as it wasn’t corrupting the rest of their lives.  It was something my parents were willing to deal with as long as I kept my head straight and stayed out of trouble.  They gave me a lot of freedom and I did my best to never abuse that privilege.  It was an honor for me to earn their trust and it was important for me to maintain that trust when it was challenged.  When I did things that might not have been the best choices, my parents let me learn from my mistakes and deal with the consequences on my own.  

For example, when the school called my mom on a business trip 3,000 miles away from home to tell her the entire senior class was at our house for a party, she didn’t wig out on me.  She called me and calmly told me what the school had told her and asked me what was going on.  I told her the truth and said I decided to take the day off from school and I had a couple of friends at the house, just hanging out.  It was only a few weeks before graduation, I had great grades, I was accepted into my first-choice college, and I had a perfect attendance record up to that point.  To me, it wasn’t a big deal to take one day off and have some fun, since I had the rest of the school year under control.  My mom agreed and never came down on me for it.  She said that she was fine with me taking a day off from school for the same reasons I used to justify the choice, but I would have to accept any punishment the school handed down.  

Whoever is controlling the universe, I am so thankful to them for giving me my parents.  

I also have an older brother, Kerry, who beat the crap out of me for most of my young life.  As a kid, I sometimes hated him for the torture he inflicted on me, but mostly, I looked up to him.  He is such a great guy and he has an incredible heart.  A lot of who I am today is because of the way I emulated him as a kid.  I guess I went through the typical love/hate dichotomy until he grew out of the need to punish me for being the younger brother.  Since then, we have become great friends and we spent a lot of time together as young adults.  It was with him that I first felt a protective instinct.  He was older and stronger than me, so he never needed me to protect him in the literal sense.  But, when we were together, I was always looking out for anything that may cause him harm in any way.  And, I was always ready to confront whatever real or perceived threat that came anywhere near him.  He was my brother, I loved him to death, and there wasn’t anything I wouldn’t do for him.  I still feel that way today, but now, that protective instinct covers a few more people.  So, maybe I can thank him now for all the things he has given me, of which he probably has no idea.  

Kerry has lived on Long Island since he was eighteen and continues to live there today in a nice house by the LIRR in Lindenhurst with his girlfriend, Delia.  When he was eighteen, he decided he much preferred to live on his own with his friends who had all moved out to Long Island.  So, one day, he left a note on the kitchen counter for my parents to read when they got home from work, telling them he loved them and he felt like it was time for him to live on his own.  It may have been partly because he felt the implicit disapproval of his lifestyle, compared to their expectations and dreams for him.  But, most of it was the lifestyle he wanted to live that was unavailable in Belle Mead, New Jersey.  He played bass in a band with some friends and he wanted to be near the City in preparation for his big break.  He was living a great life back then, enjoying every moment like it was his last.  And, I enjoyed it with him when I went out to visit him whenever I had the chance.  Since then, his life has stayed pretty much the same, although most of his original friends have moved on and out of Long Island, each for different reasons.  He talks about moving to some other state out of frustration with his situation, but he is still there, playing music and going to work every day.  As long as he is happy, I don’t care what he does or where he lives.  But, I do selfishly wish he would move down to North Carolina so I can see him more often.  

In school, getting good grades was extremely important to me and it came very easy.  I didn’t have to study very much to get A’s and B’s, so I didn’t.  All A’s would have been great, but A’s and B’s were fine with me and I was able to rationalize not being the top of my class by factoring in how much fun I was having.  As long as my grades didn’t slip below a B average, I was fine.  I wish I had focused a little more on school so I could have gone to a better college, but, given the way my life has turned out, I don’t think it would have made much difference.  Even if it would have changed where I am today for the better, I am so glad I partied instead of studying more in high school.  I don’t think I could be happier with how my life turned out.     

When I was about to graduate high school my parents moved to Seattle, so I followed them out west and went to Washington State University for a degree in Spanish.  Much to my surprise, I joined a fraternity the second semester of my first year.  All else being equal, I never would have considered it, but my best friend in the dorms was given an invitation to join the fraternity, so I asked him if he could get me an invitation so I could check it out.  Well, they turned out to be 100 kids just like me and they openly embraced the Jersey rocker into their house.  They definitely were not the Biff and Skippy idiots I had in my mind when I used to think about fraternities.  They were normal guys with their heads on straight and partied like rock stars.  Perfect.  

Until my 3rd year of college, I had hair down to my waist and looked like a total burnout rocker.  True to my façade, I blurred through the 80’s drinking, smoking dope, tripping out, and hanging with my friends in the City or on campus.  But, true to my M.O., I maintained a high GPA through it all.  In fact, my GPA was much higher in college than high school.  I graduated high school with a 2.8 GPA and I graduated college with a 3.4.  I’m not sure why I did so much better in college.  Maybe it was partly because my parents were paying for all my college expenses and I would have felt extremely guilty about wasting their money by under-achieving.  I think the rest of it was a new-found discipline for studying and subject matter that I actually enjoyed.  Whatever the impetus, I never cracked a beer until the studying was done and I was willing to do the hard work for good grades.   “School Before Beer” was my mantra and I followed it to the letter (usually).  

During this time in my life, I pretty evenly divided my time between walking around the Village, going to the Limelight on Sunday nights, cruising the boardwalk at Seaside Heights, road-tripping, binge drinking at fraternity parties, writing poetry, reading anything from Nietzsche to Kerouac to Dostoevsky to Miller to Hesse, drawing in my sketchbook, watching TV, and playing video games.  

A lot of who I was revolved around music and the music scene.  I went to every concert that came to town and I was always listening to music. To me, music was the perfect conduit to my inner brain.  I could dissolve into myself and experience all my thoughts and feelings as they connected to the music.  I loved music and everything about the music scene.  Music is still an important part of my life, but it doesn’t define me anymore.  Back then, it was heavy metal all the way and that’s how I lived my life.  Today, my iPod today has anything from Slayer, to Marilyn Manson, to Pink Floyd, to Charlie Parker, to the Carpenters, to Garth Brooks, to classical guitar, to the Fugees to Public Enemy.  As long as it is what I consider good music, and it’s created by someone I can credibly call an artist, I’ll listen to it.  

After a few years of working a job I hated when I graduated, I ditched my girlfriend (later wife) and I moved out to New Mexico all alone with $500 in my pocket.  Before I made the decision to go back to Grad School, I was accepted into both the Peace Corps and Grad School at the same time, and I chose money over altruism.  I went to the University of New Mexico because I was very interested in Native American and Latin American cultures at the time, and they had the only program in the country that offered a dual degree in International Business and Latin American Studies.  So, I was able to formally study Latin American culture and business, while informally studying Native American culture.  I spent most of my time studying while I was there.  The rest of my free time was spent visiting Native American Pueblos and getting high.  I made the biggest mistake of my life by marrying my first wife while I was out there.  (It makes me ill just thinking about that dumb-ass move.)  When I left Albuquerque with an MBA, an MA, and a psycho wife, I headed back to Queens where I lived for a few years until I got an offer with a company that moved me down to North Carolina.  So, I packed up my two dogs, my psycho wife, all my belongings, stuffed them into a U-Haul, and headed down to North Cackilacky.  After a couple of nightmare years, I divorced my first wife and started my new life.

Apparently, who I am and what I’m all about makes the average North Carolinian pretty uncomfortable.  

I have long-since given up the self-destructive behavior and “fuck it” attitude, but I am still the same person I have always been.  Looking back, I think my perspective, my open-mindedness, my liberal attitudes and interpretations of life, my acceptance of all people and lifestyles, my tattoos, and my creativity were a shock to most people down South.  This is a very conservative part of the country and they just aren’t used to people who aren’t God-fearing, predictable conformists.  It wasn’t long after I moved down here that I realized how out of place I was.  

Before I moved down here, I thought everyone from the South was either a racist, a bigot, a redneck, or all three.  Nothing in my first 5 years here did much to dissuade me from this opinion.  Sure, I was somewhat blinded by my preconceptions, but so was everyone else down here.  To them, I was a typical Yankee trying to change “the way thing are done down here.”  On top of that, I kept to myself for the most part.  Because I didn’t talk much or socialize much, they just assumed I was a bit of a freak.  I occasionally hung out with a few people from work, but mostly I stayed in my cubical at work and only came out of my cave for meetings.  I never gave many people much of a chance to get to know me, and that was to my increasing detriment.  It left too much up to the imagination, and it resulted in most people thinking I was “weird”.  As I now know, my future wife included.  

My wife, on the other hand, was born and raised in this same town as a morally upstanding Southern Baptist.  Her entire extended family still lives in, or near, the same town and gets together at least once a month.  They are a very close-knit family that stays in very close contact and is a part of each other’s every life event, from the minor to the major.  She grew up a small-town girl, very popular, a cheerleader, gregarious, and wholesome.  Listening to her tell stories of growing up, it seemed almost impossible in its simplicity, purity, and happiness.  Everything seemed to go her way, she worked hard, and it always paid off.  She was fiercely independent, but not in an obnoxious way.  Of course, she had her run-ins and minor rebellions with her parents, but to me, she never did anything I would consider “bad” or “wrong” (but, consider the source).  Even her transgressions seemed innocent and harmless to me.  She was human and fallible and perfect in her imperfections.  

Since birth, she has been an unabashed Type A personality to the core.  To the uninitiated, this means she is driven to the nth degree and only stops to relax long enough to rejuvenate or to get ready for bed.  Every minute is a minute more she can get something done.  She has a perpetual, evolving list spinning around her head, filled with the infinite things that “need to get done” and it is her incessant quest to tick and tie everything on that list.  No one but she knows what is on this list, but it is very real, as I have come to learn.  There is nothing she can’t do and there is nothing she can’t get done.  

To illustrate the point even further, in her 30’s she was raising 3 kids completely on her own (without any help from her now-ex-husband who split his time between getting drunk, hiding empty bottles, passing out, urinating on himself, stealing his son’s Ritalin, not making any money to support the family, accusing her of cheating on him, and threatening to divorce her), she was working full-time at a Fortune 500 company as a Finance manager, and she was attending the nightly Executive Program at a top 25 Business School for her MBA.  

Impressive, no?

But, unlike most Type A’s, she’s not an asshole about it.  She accepts this burden as her own and doesn’t force her expectations on other people, usually (more about this later).  She claims to love relaxing, but in her down-time she runs with her dad every weekend, she walks 2 miles every weeknight (with me, when I can get off my lazy butt), and she does Pilates a couple times a week.  I’m not a doctor, but I’m positive that is a Type A personality

To top it all off, she is a blond-haired, blue/green-eyed stunner that turns heads at every corner.  What makes this tolerable is, she has no idea how incredibly beautiful she is.  She thinks she is just “average looking”.  In fact, she rolls her eyes every time I tell her how gorgeous she is and says, “well, I’m glad you think so”, like I’m just blinded by love or something.  And, her innocence and naiveté blinds her to the fact that she gets hit on all the time, everywhere we go.  It is somewhere between hilarious and maddening when she tells me the things guys say to her that she thinks were just “strange”, when I know they were trying to pick her up.  I’m a guy and I know what guys say to pick up a girl without being so obvious that they look stupid if/when they get rejected.  For example, when a 20 year-old kid approaches you outside of your hotel lobby on a business trip, starts a conversation for no reason, and tells you that he is into older women, HE IS HITTING ON YOU!!  He is not “just being nice”, he is not just being obtuse or strange, and he is certainly not just making small talk until his taxi arrives.  Geez Louise.  

Sorry about that tangent.

Anyway, part of me wishes she was more aware of her beauty, but mostly I’m glad she is oblivious.  It makes my life a lot easier and much less stressful.  I’m convinced she would be one of the asshole Type A’s if she knew how beautiful she is.  There is nothing worse than a Type A woman who knows (or worse, thinks) she is beautiful.  

She was the archetypal Southern girl that everyone loved.  Now, she is the archetypal Southern girl that I love.  God, I’m so damn lucky.

Although she was perfect, her adult life below the surface and behind the curtains was not.  This was one of the biggest surprises to me, as I became friends with her.  I was always envious of how perfect and easy her life seemed to be.  She hid her nightmare very well, like most abused spouses do.  

As it turns out, we were both married to complete assholes who were making our lives miserable, but neither one of us knew what the other one was going through.  I thought I was living the worst nightmare anyone on the planet ever had, or would ever, go through.  The story of my previous marriage and my ex is pretty horrible, but after much deliberation, I think we both agree she had it worse.  

Over time, Emma and I became pretty good friends at work.  Neither of us talked about our spouses much, which should have been a huge clue to both of us that both of our marriages sucked.  We mostly talked about work, some superficial stories about growing up, what we had done, and where we had been.  Those kinds of things.  It wasn’t until I told Emma that I was going through a divorce that she started to open-up about her shitty marriage.  In retrospect, it was probably because she eerily empathized with what I was going through and she felt like I would probably be one of the few people who could understand what she was dealing with.  

My ex is bi-polar and did all kinds of crazy stuff (I’ll spare you the details for now), and the only reason I told Emma I was going through a divorce was the fact my ex threatened to call people at work and tell everyone what a piece of shit I am, and try to get me fired.  

It was during this time of trading insane stories about insane spouses that we became best friends.  After my divorce, I would tell her about my embarrassing dating stories and she would either laugh at me or counsel me on how to find better dates.  She even tried to hook me up with people she knew, but to no avail.  I hadn’t dated anyone in a long while, so I was very out of practice and not very good at it.  Also, the gene pool of single girls in this Southern town was frightening and left very slim pickins after you sorted out the hicks, flakes, and promiscuous nit wits.  I had never met anyone like Emma before and I had never felt so close to someone in such a safe and comforting way.  

Then, she started talking about reaching her breaking point with Ted, her now-ex.  She had only stayed married for this long because of the kids, and that excuse had worn out.  The fighting, the accusations, the violence, the alcoholism, the drug abuse, the absence of income, the intimidation, and the threats had finally thrown her over the edge.  She had grown to hate him in the final years and had completely lost respect for him somewhere around the 10th year of marriage.  She had decided that not only did she not want to live another day with him, but he was a horrible example for the kids and she did not want them to grow up in a home filled with violence and lack of love between the parents.  She felt the kids would have a much better chance at growing up sane and healthy if she ended the marriage.  Only problem was, she knew how psycho he was and that he wouldn’t let her go without a fight, literally.  

When she made the decision to end the marriage, we brainstormed for weeks about how she could exit the marriage alive and without exposing the kids to the disaster that would surely ensue.  The closer she got to D-Day, the more aware I became of the evolution of my feelings towards her.  I was feeling something beyond “best friends” and it scared the shit out of me.  I had just gotten out of a train-wreck marriage, and she was on her way out of one.  She was fragile, and so was I.  Plus, we were best friends and I didn’t want to compromise that.  Plus, I had some idea how nuts her ex was.  Plus, she had 3 kids.  Plus, we worked for the same company.  Plus, plus, plus.  “Surely this is a bad idea”, I thought.  So, I kept my feelings hidden and said nothing that would intimate what was going on in my head (for a while).

She decided to wait until after Christmas to tell Ted that it was over and that he needed to move out.  Start with the fact that this is a difficult conversation under normal circumstances.  Then, layer on top of that the violent outburst she expected in response.  Then, layer on top of that the impossibility of him actually agreeing to leave quietly.  Then, layer on top of that the conversation she had to have with her kids, telling them their parents were getting a divorce.  Keep in mind, Emma was great at hiding the nightmare of her marriage, even with her kids.  As far as the kids knew, their parents got along just fine, everyone was happy, and they had a perfect life.  Emma knew that this would be devastating to the kids and there was nothing she could do to make it easy for them.  This was going to be the most horrible experience of her life, she knew it, and she knew she had no choice but to go through with it.  

Emma came home from work on D-day, normal time, freaking out inside, trying to maintain some semblance of calmness.  She walked into the living room and told Ted that she needed to talk to him.  They walked into the bedroom, she knowing what was coming, he sensing something bad was about to happen.  

She paused, took a deep, silent, last breath and said it.  Plainly, matter-of-factly, without emotion, with complete conviction, and without hesitation.  

“I want a divorce”.

The air stood still, time froze, and Ted stood there speechless for a full 30 seconds before reacting.  He broke down crying like he did when his mini van broke down on the side of the road.  He completely lost control of himself, wailing, shivering, shuddering, convulsing, and completely falling apart.  

Emma stood there, stoic, stone-faced, unfazed, emotionless, not saying a word.

After a few minutes, he finally put words to his break-down, in-between sobs.  “No, please no.  Please don’t leave me.  I promise I’ll change.  I know I have been a terrible husband.  I can change.  I know I can make you happy.  I promise.  Please don’t leave me.  I’ll treat you better, I promise.  I’ll get a full-time job.  I’ll help around the house.  I’ll stop saying mean things.  I promise.  Please don’t leave me”.

All she heard was “blah, blah, blah, same old bullshit”.  “How pathetic.  What a complete loser” she thought to herself.  “Why did I ever marry this piece of shit?”

“It’s over.  I’m done.” She responded coolly.  “I can’t take it anymore.  We haven’t loved each other for a very long time and I don’t want the kids to grow up in a dysfunctional family full of lies and violence.  I’m just done.”

She paused for a brief second and continued.  “I want you to move out.  Tonight.  I want to continue living here with the kids because I don’t want us to disrupt their lives any more than we have to.  We need to make this as easy on the kids as possible.  Please.  Do this for the kids.”  Then she waited, becoming scared out of her brain for his pending response and reaction.

He slowly raised his head towards her, tears replaced with the most frightening look of hatred she had ever seen in another person’s eyes.  Her stomach tightened, her hands started to tremble, and she stood there petrified into the carpet.  All she could do was stand there and pray he would not explode all over her with the kids in the house, not more than 40 feet away.  

“You bitch.  How could you do this?  How could you destroy our family?”  His voice grew increasingly loud, but never loud enough for the kids to hear.  He has this way of yelling at you without really raising his voice.  It was the most unnerving, terrifying voice that came out very low and very menacing.  His veins bulged out of his forehead and neck, his eyes squinted to narrow slits, he gritted his teeth, and grinded the threats and insults out of his mouth like serrated nails.  “Are you cheating on me??  Who is he?!?  Tell me!  Who are you sleeping with, you whore?!  I know you are cheating on me.  Is it someone from work?  Tell me!  Who is it?!?  I know you are cheating on me.  Tell me!”

This was the shit-storm Emma expected, but could never fully prepare for.  She stood there incapacitated and nauseous with fear, unable to speak, unsure what to say, knowing there was nothing she could do to defuse the situation.  It was quickly turning into a runaway train and it was going to splatter everyone in its path.  Her mind was racing, trying to decide if she should try to reason with him, argue with him, run out into the living room (thinking he would never do anything crazy in front of the kids), or call 911.  Something very bad was going to happen and she knew it.  

Before she could react, he violently grabbed her by the arms, squeezed her as tightly as he could, and threw her on the bed.  He jumped up on to the bed after her, grabbed a pillow and shoved it into her mouth with as much force as he could summon and started to smother her.  

“I told you.  You are never going to leave me.” he muttered in that same insane voice.  “If you think you are going to get away with this, you are dead wrong.”

“He’s going to kill me” Emma said to herself as she began to rage out against him.  In an adrenaline-induced act of desperation, she started screaming, kicking, punching, and scratching with every ounce of strength she had in her 108-pound frame, trying to get him off of her.  The struggle went on like this for no more than 30 seconds when he let go of the pillow for no apparent reason, moved off of her, slid off of the bed, and sliced through her with a stare so evil, she almost started crying from fear alone.  

“You will never get away with this,” he said with all the hatred with which he could the impregnate the threat.  Then, he turned and left the room, left the house, slammed his body into the mini-van, and tore out of the driveway.  

Emma broke down crying, terrified almost to a heart attack and ecstatic with relief that she was still alive.  

She relived this story with me at the end of the next day in her office.  Completely filled with outrage and fear for her life, I told her we needed to call the police and have him arrested right away.

“No.  I don’t want to do that.  I’m just glad he’s out of the house.  If I start causing trouble now, he is going to make our lives even more miserable.  You have no idea how crazy he is,” she said in an obsequious tone I hadn’t heard before.  

“Are you kidding me?” I reactively responded with a measured amount of shock.  “This nut case needs to be in jail.  Right now.  He committed a violent crime and he needs to be held accountable.  I don’t care how nuts he is.  If he gets away with this now, he’ll keep on doing it.”    

But, I relented quickly.  We both knew it was pointless to argue about this any further, so we didn’t.  I let her handle it in her own way, because I knew that was what she needed at that point.  I was so upset and frustrated, but I couldn’t put that on her.  She had survived one of the most horrible things I had ever heard, and all she needed from me was a shoulder.

Time continued passing, a little less violently, but still violently nonetheless.  Slowly and gradually over the months, Ted phased out of our daily conversations.  Probably more because she was just sick of talking about it, rather than a diminishing amount of criminally violent behavior.  I asked her about how things were going only when she brought up something new and particularly outrageous.  It killed me to see her going through this and not be able to do anything about it.  But, at least I was able to be there for her in any way she needed me, and that had to suffice.  

And, so it went for a while.  

Then it all changed.  

Although she was dealing with a nightmare every minute of every day, she was surprisingly upbeat, even happy, at work.  I like to think it was our friendship and the conversations we had every night after most everyone else had left the office.  I think it was more about the relief and bliss she felt to have finally ended one of the most horrible marriages in recorded history.  He was out of the house, she didn’t have to sleep in the same bed with him anymore, and as far as she knew, the worst was over.  

I couldn’t have been happier for her or more concerned about her, at that point.  I knew what it felt like to escape a horrible marriage, and I knew that there was a very real perception of a very real weight being dropped off of your back.  You feel like you can endure whatever bullshit your ex throws at you, because you just don’t care anymore.  You are free, and that is all that matters.  But still, the specter of the ex is always looming in the back of your head, and you expect something to blow up at any moment.  I am sure she was feeling exactly that during that time.  

Now, we were both free.  Both of us had made it out alive and we were actually in a place where we could joke about it.  It’s amazing how much closer you become when you go through Hell and back with someone, even as just a semi-involved witness.  That’s how it was for us.  If we weren’t best friends before, we certainly were now.  It felt like we had conquered the world together and we would be connected for the rest of our lives.  

Even though we were such great friends, we never actually spent time together outside of work.  For some strange reason, it never came up.  Neither one of us ever even mentioned doing something together “in the real world”.  Perhaps it was because in the back of our heads, we were both concerned about people starting rumors and making up stories about us.  Although we were just friends, we knew that being spotted having lunch together would spark a gossip-frenzy.  We had both seen it before with other people at work and it was a social and professional nightmare.   You want to believe that this kind of high school bullshit doesn’t exist outside of teenage cliques, but of course, it does.  This was a complication I guess we collectively and unconsciously agreed to never broach.  At some point, you just have to say “fuck it” and do what you want to do, but we weren’t at that point yet.    

Then we were.

In retrospect, I think we may have unknowingly crossed an emotional line a little too early because it wasn’t long after Emma’s separation that we admitted our feelings to each other and started dating.  I definitely knew I cared about her more than a friend before they separated, but I kept that to myself until she shared her feelings for me.  I honestly don’t think she knew on a conscious level until after the separation that she cared about me more than just a friend.  At the time, there was just too much psychotic stuff going on in her life to even think about something other than her shitty marriage and how to escape it.  But, it seemed like everything changed the day she ended the marriage.  I think the process of mourning her dead marriage occurred several years earlier and she had been ready to move on for a long time.  I think the final act of escaping her marriage instantly and profoundly changed her.  I think the day she left Ted was the day she stopped thinking of him as her husband.  

I guess it would be as easy to say we crossed a line as it would be to say we did not, depending on who you are.  I think we were both comfortable with the way our relationship started because we never said or did anything beyond the bounds of friendship until after she was separated.  But, I can now see the perceptual gray area that we did not see then.    

But, Emma and I did not give a shit or a second thought about the man who had violently abused her for 20 years and we did what we thought was right.  Now that I think about it, I really don’t give a shit about anyone’s judgment about how and when we came together.  We both escaped horrifically abusive relationships and we were perfect for each other.  We deserved to finally be happy, we deserved to be in a healthy relationship, and we deserved to be with each other.    

But, Ted definitely thinks otherwise for two reasons: 1) He is fucking nuts and he accused Emma of cheating on him for all 20 years of their marriage; and 2) He got a hold of something he could twist into proof that he was right.  I left a voicemail on Emma’s work phone not too long after we started dating that made it clear we were dating.  She had told me the day before about some new clothes she bought and that she wanted me to see them.  I don’t remember exactly what I said in the voicemail I left her, but it was something about how I loved checking out the new clothes she bought.  And, since we had shared our feelings for each other at that point, I told her that I loved her.  

Apparently, Ted had been breaking into Emma’s voicemail for several weeks looking for a message exactly like the one I had just left.  He was looking for proof that Emma cheated on him and he had found all the proof he needed to launch an assault.  So, Ted not only broke into Emma’s voicemail, but he taped the voicemail to play it for anyone he could get to listen.  Of course, Ted used that to his full advantage to convince the kids that Emma had cheated on him.  That night, the kids came home screaming at Emma about the voicemail their dad played for them over and over again.  They told her they hated her for cheating on their dad and breaking up the family.  It did not matter that the voicemail was more than a month after they had split up.  The timing was close enough to prove that Emma cheated on Ted and that was all they needed to know.  

I will admit that the timing was tight and it looked very suspicious.  I can even understand how a reasonable person would believe the same thing Ted believed.  What you believe depends on who you believe and the kids believed everything their dad told them.  

Ted played that tape for the kids dozens of times and brutally circumcised any doubt from their minds about Emma’s guilt.  For months, whenever the kids would defend Emma, Ted would play the tape and scream at them for defending the whore who tore apart their family.  

Believe what you want, but do you think it is okay for a father to tell his kids that their mother cheated on him?  Do you think it is okay for a father to force his kids to hate their mother?  Do you think it is okay for a father to force his kids to choose sides and pledge allegiance to him alone?  Do you think it is okay for a father to call his kids a traitor if they show any sympathy towards their mother?  Do you think it is okay for a father to tell his kids, their friends, their friends’ parents, and any stranger who comes his way that his ex-wife is a slut who cheated on him?  Do you think it is okay for a father to call his ex-wife at 3am and threaten to kill her?  Do you think it is okay for a father to do any of these things six weeks after his wife left him?  Six months?  Six years?      

If you believe we deserve to be punished and terrorized, then I believe you are one of the evil people.  

I only say that here and now because I know there are people out there who are so psycho, so judgmental, or so heartless that they believe terrorizing someone is acceptable under the right circumstances.  These are the same people who are violently abusing the people you love, or they are the people who will eventually abuse them.

Ted believed without a sliver of doubt that Emma had cheated on him and left him for me.  He had no basis for this belief beyond the voicemail, but he believed it to his wicked core and he made damn sure the kids believed it too.

If you need some time to decide how you feel and what you believe, maybe you should hear the rest of the story.        

So, back to the story about how we first shared our feelings for each other.  

It was a Monday and Emma was leaving for the week on a business trip to Puerto Rico.  She was so much more than a friend, in my heart, and I knew that I would miss her madly for those 4 days.  It felt like we were in the beginning stages of a passionate relationship when you don’t want to be away from the other person for even a minute.  But, we weren’t in a relationship and there wasn’t any way I could tell her that I would miss her without blowing my cover.  So, I said nothing to her other than “have a good time” before she left.  I did, however, look into her eyes as I said it, and told her that I loved her with everything I had, behind my eyes.  Although I didn’t actually say anything, I thought the message I was trying to transfer was perfectly clear, and it scared the hell out of me after I did it.  

In a moment of specious cleverness just before she left, I sent her an e-mail wishing her a good trip and signed it “Te Quiero”.  I knew she didn’t speak Spanish and knew she wouldn’t know that it meant “I love you”.  What I failed to recognize as a threat to my obscured expression was that she was going to Puerto Rico on this trip.  They speak Spanish there, apparently.  

This was all coming to a head and there was no way I could stop it.  There was so much tension in the air and so much that could no longer be ignored.  Everything was going to change and I knew it.  Only problem was, I had no way to predict or control how it would all go down, so I could do nothing other than plant the seeds of my feelings and hope it would not completely wreck me.  Every wheel was in motion and there had to be a resolution to all of the unspoken or unrecognized emotions between us.  

A couple of days earlier while discussing a particularly emotional situation about her kids, we had a moment that haunted me with a torturous vengeance.  We were on the cusp of everything coming out during a moment that felt like nothing else we experienced before.  I almost told her how I felt and I almost believed that she felt the same way.  But, I wasn’t sure enough and I was chicken-shit, so I left things unresolved.  That day, as she was leaving for her trip, it all came back to me and I obsessed over it like a lunatic and I wrote about it later that night.

1:30am
Just sitting here thinking of you, as always.  I love you so much.  The hug and unspoken love we shared tonight were as sublime as I could ever imagine.  I reveled in the precious seconds we spent in each other’s arms, holding each other so tightly, covered in the words we spoke and the words that were still not said.  As you walked towards me to hug me with the look I couldn’t believe was in your eyes, I exited my body and did what my heart directed me to do.  I watched you take each step with my heart beating so fast, my legs shaking, and my hands clamming in the few short seconds before you reached me.  As we made contact and began our hug, my heart melted into itself and sighed that sigh you feel when you return from a wanderous trip and open the door to your forgotten home with the first step through the door that welcomes you with a cool breeze, the feel of your only true home, and the smell that owns you.  I felt the absolute elation of a swarming love envelope me as I watched you reach me with your arms spreading in preparation for the embrace that would kill me.  Then, our arms reached around each other’s bodies and we locked into the culmination of everything we had said and felt since before we were born.  We stayed in that embrace for an instant eternity that exhumed my soul and killed it again.  I never, ever wanted to watch myself end the hug that I could not possibly process or interpret.  I wanted that hug to be the first of a million hugs in a million places.  I wanted that hug to be the same hug I gave you as you turned over each morning, waking with the smile that threw me into oblivion again and again.  I felt your soft, smooth body press very, very closely and tightly against mine with a message I could not believe.  The closeness, the conviction, and the loss of self in that hug told me that you love me the way that I love you.  That hug told me that you wanted me to kiss you, to touch you, to acknowledge the love I felt for you.  But, there was absolutely no way that could ever be possible.  How could this be true???  Could this hug possibly mean what I thought it meant?  Was that your invitation to something more?  Or, was that your deepest, most profound expression of the love you feel for me, as a friend?  An honest, innocent love that begins and ends with friendship.  Could that be what you meant?  Or, did I just not have the balls to recognize it and take the next step from the hug to a soft, tentative kiss?  What if I had just kissed your cheek under the safe parameters of a friendly kiss, and looked into your eyes for your intentions?  At least I would have kissed you, in some way, once.  At least I would never have to wonder again and again what it would be like to kiss you.  What if I missed my one and only window of opportunity?  It was the perfect emotional environment.  We were alone and we were in a moment together.  No one existed outside of that hug.  The spinning world did not exist.   Nothing existed but our pressed bodies in that torturous hug.  I love you so much.  I want us to be in a naked hug, legs crossed over each other, arms intertwined, your lips waiting for mine.  I love you so much.  Because I didn’t know if this was just a friendly hug, I didn’t know how long I could get away with holding you.  I relaxed my hug for a second, but you held on to me, and I quickly re-invigorated my hug back to you.  I wanted the hug to last forever, but it had to end, because I didn’t have the balls to take a chance on a kiss.  Even if it was a small friendly peck, it was such a risk to me, and I would not do anything to lose our friendship if I stepped over the line.  As we each loosened our hugs, my mouth was held at gunpoint by my heart and was forced to speak the words I had to say.  As our hug loosened, and we slowly withdrew, as my mouth reached your ear, I said it.  I LOVE YOU.  Holy shit, I said it.  I can’t believe I said it.  My heart stopped, then slowly imploded with an adrenaline drip.  Then my heart (and my ears, for the record) heard your lips shred me again with the words I could not believe.  I LOVE YOU TOO, she said.  I LOVE YOU TOO, she said.  I LOVE YOU TOO, she said.  I LOVE YOU TOO, she said.  I LOVE YOU TOO, she said.  I LOVE YOU TOO, she said.  I LOVE YOU TOO, she said.  I LOVE YOU TOO, she said.  I LOVE YOU TOO, she said.  I LOVE YOU TOO, she said.  (She only said it once, but I needed to write it that many times, so when I re-read this, I can read those words over and over again.)  She said, I LOVE YOU TOO.  Wow.  Although, I couldn’t tell if she meant that she loved me as a great friend, or that she loved me, as in, SHE LOVES ME.  I may never know the answer to that question.  I have to know.  I have to feel her soft lips pressed against my soft lips.  To touch her lips with mine would kill me for the last time.  There would be no coming back from that kiss, because SHE LOVES ME.  
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
9:30am
I woke up thinking about you.  My dreams of you turned into thoughts of you as I emerged from a restless sleep, feeling your body against mine in our hug from last night.  I have never (and I really do mean never) been this consumed with love for anyone before you.  Every second of every day, I see your face in a translucent daydream image that sits behind my eyes, so your beautiful face is a part of everything I see.  I spent most of the night, most of my dreams, and most of this short morning thinking about how I can hug you again.  What do I have to do, where do we have to be, what do I have to say, what signals do I need from you, when can I do it, how soon can I do it, how often can I do it?  When I’m not thinking about how I can hug you again, I am re-playing the few seconds leading up to our hug, the actual hug, and the few seconds after the hug.  It was such a profound emotional experience for me.  I can feel the details of each split second as they crawled over each other and melted into a collective euphoria that connected and distinguished each split second.  The sensations of each distinct millisecond are impossibly clear to me.  I can stop and start time in the memory of our hug, and saturate myself in the feelings of each millisecond.  I can play the memory from start to finish, or I can splice together different parts of the memory, or I can rearrange the sequence of the memory to juxtapose the feelings of moments to heighten the feelings of the memory.  Since I can’t get that hug out of my mind and I can replay it over and over again, I may as well have fun with it and enjoy the ecstasy of those impossible seconds.   
I can’t believe I had the balls to say I love you, but not enough balls to kiss you. How insane is that?  Why didn’t I at least try?  Why didn’t I rub your back or play with your hair or caress your arm, while I was hugging you?  These are all safe enough things, because none of them are bold enough to be considered overtly sexual.  I could have done any one of those things and not risked you retreating in offense if you only meant it to be a friendly hug.  But, if you responded in kind, that would have been my signal that we both meant it to be much more than a friendly hug, and I could have gone in for a kiss.  But I didn’t, and we backed away from the hug without the kiss that would have saved my life just before it killed me.  After we hugged, you walked across the room to put your cigarettes in that tiny dresser drawer, then you turned around and looked at me with a look of such love and desire to say something more, to do something more.  But, we both hesitated and the moment was lost.  Neither one of us said the next thing or did the next thing, to take us to the place I hoped we both wanted to go.  I so desperately wanted to go in for a second hug, but I lost my nerve.  I will be kicking myself in the ass for the rest of my life because I never kissed you when I had the perfect chance to do so.  
  
So, although I had said it before, it was still completely unclear to me if she meant it as a friendly gesture or a romantic gesture.  This was a huge risk and I was terrified she would intuit my intended expression of love and frantically retreat from our friendship.  I was terrified she would be overwhelmed by the thought of me loving her and all that came along with it.  I was terrified of losing her friendship and the connection we shared.  I was terrified she might feel the same way, but believe it was way more hassle than she was willing to deal with.  She just got out of a horrible marriage, she was just getting used to her new life, she was constantly enveloped in thoughts of, and worries about, her kids, we worked in the same building, I was 9 years younger than her, I just got out of a horrible marriage, and we had lived very different lives up to that point.  I was terrified I would be another casualty of unrequited love, but I couldn’t help but take the risk.  I couldn’t endure another day of loving her without her knowing how I felt.  I thought I could mitigate the risk by telling her I loved her again without saying it in an overtly romantic way.  If she understood what I was saying with my eyes when I said it and wanted no part of it, we could pretend it never happened and we could continue our wonderful friendship without anyone’s feeling getting hurt.  If she felt the same way, there was no pressure on her to respond until she was ready.  She could take her time and figure out what she felt and what she wanted to do about it, because the I Love You matzo ball wasn’t “out there” in any tangible way.  All I could do then, was wait.  

She left for Puerto Rico that afternoon and I didn’t see her or talk to her until she returned on Friday.  I had long since moved to another part of the building and my office was nowhere near hers anymore.  So, when she came back into work on Friday and walked into my office, I knew something was afoot.  For her to walk all that way, she had to be coming to tell me something.  What it was, I had no idea.  

My heart started to race and my stomach dropped down into my toes.  I tried not to act too surprised or excited and desperately tried to control the pitch of my voice when I said, “Hey.  I didn’t think you were coming back into the office today.  How was your trip?”

“Phew.  I think I said that okay.” I silently affirmed to myself.  “I don’t think she knows how nervous I am right now.  Just keep it cool, jackass.”  

“It was good,” she responded nonchalantly.  “Meetings were boring, but Puerto Rico is so beautiful and the weather was perfect.  My hotel was right on the beach, so I was able to get some sun after we were done for the day.  I’m glad I brought my book with me.”

“Cool”, I said, mirroring her nonchalance.  

I expected her to tell me more about her trip, given the way she was acting, so I stopped talking and left an opening for her to continue.  But, this casual banter was either a subterfuge or an awkward transition into what she really wanted to say.  I could feel the tension proliferating, as she unconsciously and nervously started to wring her hands, unsure how to proceed.  She appeared unable to look me in the eye as I watched her stumbling over her thoughts.  She turned her head towards me, stared at the carpet in front of her for a moment, then raised her eyes to meet mine.

“I love you”, she said quietly, demurely, passionately, vulnerably.  

Not wanting a nanosecond to pass before I responded, “I love you too, Emma”, I said staring into the depths of her eyes.  

I had no idea what to say next.  Knowing me, I would say something stupid to ruin the moment, so I said nothing and waited for her to break the silence.  It was a painfully long three seconds, but she continued speaking, thank God.

“I was on the beach last night when it hit me.  I was so distracted and I couldn’t focus on my book, but I wasn’t sure why.  So, I just sat there and listened to my thoughts for a while, staring at the ocean.  I couldn’t stop thinking about you.  I had an image of your face in the background of all my thoughts, and this incredible feeling took over my body.  It was the most powerful epiphany I had ever experienced.  And, I knew what it all meant.  I knew at that moment that I was in love with you.  And, I knew you loved me too.  I saw it in your eyes before I left, but it didn’t hit me until that moment.  I couldn’t wait to get back here and tell you.  I was so nervous coming in here.  It’s such a huge thing and it changes everything.  But, I had to tell you.”

She stopped talking and I just started to vomit my feelings all over her.

“I’m so glad you told me.  I realized I was in love with you a while ago, but I just couldn’t say anything.  I was afraid you wouldn’t feel the same way and we wouldn’t be friends anymore.  That would have killed me.  I tried to hide my feelings from you, but I thought it was so obvious.  I’ve been trying to figure out how to tell you, without scaring you away.  I don’t know if I would have ever had the nerve to actually tell you that I love you as more than a friend.  You are so beautiful and you are such an amazing person, I never believed I could ever be lucky enough for you to love me the same way.  I just figured I be one of those losers out of a Dostoevsky novel who recklessly love someone but never have the balls to tell them, and go insane with remorse and regret, spinning out of control until they meet a morbidly unromantic demise.  And, I figured it was just a matter of time before the flood of guys asking you out arrived at your doorstep.  Then, you’d fall in love with one of them and I’d be completely shit out of luck and miserable.”

“Well, not to sound flippant, and please don’t take this the wrong way, but I was completely surprised to figure out that I love you”, she said.  “I thought I would never fall in love with anyone and that I would spend the rest of my life, just me and the kids.  I had no interest in dating, the dating scene, or anything about it.  I saw myself just enjoying my life and never getting married again.  I couldn’t begin to imagine anyone out there being worth it.  Then, you came along.  And, here we are.”

She paused and grinned ever so slightly, “Oh, by the way, when I was meeting with the Puerto Rico folks, I asked Jose Luis what ‘te quiero’ meant and he said it meant ‘I love you’.  After he told me, I think he thought someone down there had said it to me and he got all embarrassed and said it could just mean ‘I like you a lot’.  It was so funny watching his squirm.  Anyway, I got your message.  Thank you.”

A few moments passed as we looked into each other’s eyes and reflected on the evolution of our relationship and what it all meant.  

“So, I think we need to sit down and figure out what we do now” she broke the silence.  “There is hair all over this situation and we have to be very careful about how we go forward.”  She softly rested her hand on my forearm and sent an electrostatic shock throughout my body before continuing.  “We have always been completely honest with each other, at least partially because we weren’t a couple and we had nothing to lose and nothing to hide.  Now that things are about to change, we have to maintain this commitment to complete honesty.  I know this is part of my baggage, but I can not tolerate any form of dishonesty between us.  As long as you are truthful, I can handle anything, but you need to trust me enough to be brutally honest with me and with yourself.  Okay?”

I hesitated not a second, got up out of my chair, slowly put my arms around her, pulled her into me where the length of our entire bodies were smoothly connected, rested my cheek on top of her head, and said, “Of course.”  That was the first “real hug” of our relationship and it just felt perfect and natural, like it was our 6,182,005th hug.  

“I know this is probably the wrong time and the completely wrong thing to say,” I hesitated,  “but, I want to make sure what we are feeling is “real”, in the absolute sense.  Meaning, I want to make sure this love we feel is not contextual and dependent upon the situation we have shared.  Sometimes, people fall in what they think is love, because they survived a traumatic experience together, or they are connected by similar tragedies.  Because of the extreme situation they shared, they feel like no one else could possibly understand them, or they feel like the other person rescued them from the extreme situation.  I just want to make sure we love each other for the right reasons, and not for temporal, impermanent reasons.  Does that make sense at all?  Or, am I just an idiot?” I queried.

“Yes.  Yes it does.  Matter of fact, that was one of the things I was worried about and thought about on the beach”, she responded.  “I took a step back and examined what I was feeling and where it was coming from.  When I thought about why I loved you, it had nothing to do with what we have been through together.  Yes, you have been a Godsend while all this crap has gone on.  But, I love you because of the person you are, the way you treat me, the way you make me feel, and of course, the way you look.”  As she spoke the last four words, she smiled her sly grin from ear to ear and busted out laughing.  Not to make fun of me, but to bring some levity back into the serious nature of our conversation.  At least that’s what I prefer to believe.  

“Great.  You’re already busting my chops”, I responded.  “And, that’s part of why I love you so much.  You can bust balls with the best of ‘em.  Think you’re pretty clever, huh?”  I said with a smile as I languidly caressed her hair with all of the love I was feeling at that moment.  

“I love you Emma”, I said to her with all of the passion I could infuse in the statement. 

“I love you Jack”, she replied with all of the same passion.

“This is SO WEIRD!”, I announced in a complete non sequitor.  “I can’t believe you love me!  I can’t believe we are standing here, hugging each other like we have spent the last 80 years together.  It just seems impossible.”

“I know”, she mirrored as she gently rubbed the small of my back in slow circles.  

I leaned backwards from the waist up, so I could look into her eyes.  I stared into her intensely and tried to climb inside of her through her eyes.  As I was doing this, my face drew closer to hers, millimeter by millimeter, as our eyes slowly closed and our lips touched each other, first on both lips, then interlocked, then I slowly caressed her upper lip, and finally back to both lips gently resting on each other.  

Our first kiss.  

My head is spinning right now just remembering back to that day and that moment.  

“Wow”, she said with her eyes still closed.

“You ain’t kidding”, I said.  “My knees are shaking.  I’m feeling a bit woozy as well.  My God.  That was insane.”  

“Yeah.  I know.”  She concurred.  

And, so began our lives together.  Pretty cool, huh?




Chapter Two

How do you describe the person who terrorized your wife for 20 years, then committed his life to ruining your and your wife’s lives? 

With resentment and spite?

With forgiveness and empathy? 

With objective and perspicuous lucidity?

Clearly, it would be impossible for me to give a completely objective description of this guy, but I’ll make an attempt at it, so you have some picture in your head of who he is.  For the sake of clarity, I will include examples of both before and after Emma and I were married.  You can not properly describe this guy without the before and after stories.  Without both, you might say his behavior was limited to the marriage, or after the marriage.  With both, you should be able to recognize the patterns and consistencies that constitute the whole of his person.  In the end, I hope it is possible to fully and accurately describe the depth of his impact on our lives, and especially the lives of his children.  

First and foremost, he is the archetypal sociopath.  But, like most sociopaths, you probably would never guess how nuts he is just by looking at him.  If you met him for the first time, you would probably think he was a mostly dim-witted, harmless, even nice redneck.  

Imagine if Forrest Gump and Hannibal Lechter somehow conceived a child.  Ted is a pretty good approximation of what that person would be like.   

If you ever had the misfortune of knowing him well enough to discover what hides behind the façade, you would see a 5’4” maniac, with a wicked case of Little Man’s Disease that accompanies most men of his stature and depth of insecurity.  He has a dark-brown, leather-faced fake-tan that would embarrass George Hamilton, although he denies ever stepping foot in a tanning salon.  (He says he gets his tan from spending so much time outside, even during the winter.)  He is a rabid gym rat at the local YMCA, inside which he owns a smoothie shop purchased with the money he got from Emma during the “division of assets” portion of the divorce proceedings.  He shaves his body from head to toe because he thinks he is a bodybuilder and wants everyone to be impressed by every sinew of his withering skin.  He was both stupid enough and delusional enough to fall for that scam where you pay some company $800 for head shots and a promise of a burgeoning career as a catalog model.  He wears a fake Rolex that he swears is real and was given to him as a gift from his father who would have uncharacteristically spent thousands of dollars to purchase a watch for no reason on his modest income.  Essentially, he has nothing of substance inside of him, so he relies on the illusions he can manufacture on the outside to create value for his life.  

He barely ever eats, for fear of gaining even a pound of excess fat on his body.  When he does eat, it’s usually a few saltine crackers with Texas Pete hot sauce on it.  He chews gum almost every waking hour, with a determined aggression that has created these ridiculous bulges of jaw muscles on his angry face.  It almost looks like he is trying to punish the gum while he is chewing it.  

His superficial attributes are, by his own admission, desperate attempts to hide the physical effects of his alcoholism.  When you combine a sociopath with an alcoholic, you get a violently duplicitous narcissist who tries to hide his addiction as well as his psychotic behavior.  This is a person who lies about everything and distorts the truth in order to ensure his cover is not blown by the casual observer.  The world he has created in his head would fall apart around him if everyone knew he beat his wife, drank to oblivion every night, and did not earn a dime to support his family.  The remaining crumbs of his sanity are dependent upon everyone believing that he is a good guy, a good father, and a good earner.  

In addition, he is completely helpless and unable to manage the most basic requirements of subsistence.  When things go wrong, he breaks down in a hysterical fit of crying and wallows in a self-induced paralysis.  When he is required to do something that requires planning, thinking, and action he falls apart (crying, of course) and begs a friend or family member to do the work for him.  When his car broke down on the side of the highway, he fell apart crying and remained immobilized until a friend came and got him, then later walked him through the process of getting a new vehicle.  

After he took ownership of the marital home as part of his half of the division of marital assets, he was unable to take care of the house on his own and he was unable to sleep in the house when the kids were with us.  So, he slept in his van when he didn’t have the kids.  When he had the kids, he and Pete slept on a mattress together in the basement, while Bob slept on the couch because he never got them their own beds to sleep in.  When the bank started sending him foreclosure notices because he couldn’t remember or couldn’t afford to send in the mortgage payments, he decided to sell it.  Because he lacked the ability or the intelligence to sell the house on his own, he enlisted the help of two friends to do everything for him.  They renovated the entire house, listed it, showed it to prospective buyers, negotiated the selling price, arranged for legal representation, attended the closing with him, and moved all of his belongings out of the house.   All he did was show up to sign the papers and collect the check.  Then, he neglected to find another place to live after he sold the house, so he lived out of his car when he didn’t have the kids and lived in a hotel when he had the kids.

During the marriage, he worked a few hours a week at the TV repair shop his dad owned, then he was unemployed, then he worked part-time at the smoothie shop.  However, he never earned enough money to make even the paltriest contribution to the family finances.  He only made enough for him “to run on”, meaning, to buy alcohol and drugs.  Because he barely worked 20 hours a week and made minimum wage at the end of the marriage, he was labeled a “dependent spouse” by the courts during the divorce proceedings.  And, because North Carolina is a “no-fault” divorce state, he got half of everything Emma bought and earned over the past 20 years, including the house her father built for her.  With this ill-gotten, and otherwise embarrassing settlement, he somehow managed to find someone to work through the details of purchasing the smoothie shop for him.  So, instead of scraping together the pennies of a deservedly meager income, he now has a moderate and steady income.  

Now, let me give you a few examples to elucidate the intricacies of his behavior and personality.  

They met in High School.  She was a stellar student on her way to college, popular, and driven.  He was barely maintaining a “D” average and split his time between playing baseball and getting drunk.  Why she ever agreed to go out with him in the first place is still a mystery even to her.  Probably because they shared mutual friends and he seemed like a nice guy at the time.  One of these mutual friends recently described what that looked like from the outside, after they started dating.  

“He was kind of creepy.  Whenever they walked down the hall together, his eyes would be darting back and forth and he would have this really intense look on his face like he was just waiting for someone to look at her so he could get in their face.  He always looked like he was pissed off and itching for a fight every time he was with her.  And, he always chewed gum like a maniac, too.  I’ve never seen anyone chew gum as intensely as he does.  How funny.  But, he was a little guy, so he couldn’t actually beat up anyone.  Regardless, he had this air of insanity about him where he could snap at any moment, and no one wanted to mess with him.  I’m not sure if he was always like that, but he was definitely like that with Emma.  God, I think he’s been pissed off since the 11th grade, now that I think about it.  We have been friends since we were kids, and I don’t know what happened or when it happened to turn him into such a nut case.  Maybe it was his dad.  His dad was a real mean guy and Ted was scared to death of him.  He used to beat Ted pretty bad when he did something wrong.  He loved his dad to death, but he was always afraid of him.  I guess that’s not a great excuse for the way he is now, but I’m sure it had something to do with it.”

Things did not improve in college.  They went to different colleges because Ted couldn’t get into the same college as Emma, but he kept a very tight leash on her, nonetheless.  He knew exactly where she was at all times and he would not allow her to spend time with anyone that wasn’t female.  When she was naïve enough to tell him that she went to a party with some friends, he would interrogate her for hours about who was there, who she talked to, what they said, what she said, and then top it off with a litany of accusations and threats.  He would inevitably accuse her of cheating on him with whomever she spoke to for more than 30 seconds and turn every interaction into something dirty.  He could even turn a study session into something dirty.  Every male she encountered was a threat to him and he treated them as such.  He was horribly insecure about everything from his physical shortcomings to his arrested intellect to his emotionally crippled and weak mind.  He believed that everyone was better than him and that everyone was out to steal her from him.  It got to the point where she stopped going out with friends and she studied alone in her room.  She was trapped and had no way to exit the relationship.  

She had tried to break up with him several times throughout high school and college, but he wouldn’t allow it.  He told her that he would never let her break up with him and that he would haunt her until the day he died.  When the threats backfired, he would tell her that he would kill himself if she broke up with him.  Then, he would apologize profusely and beg for her forgiveness, promising that he would change if she would just give him a second chance.  Unfortunately, she had no context for how dangerous he was or how toxic the relationship was.  This was her first serious boyfriend and she did not know anything about abusive relationships.  She thought this was how all men were and/or that she was stuck with a maniac.  

Appropriately, he blackmailed her into marrying him.  He told her that if she broke up with him, he would tell her parents that they were sleeping together.  Now, to a non-Southern Baptist, this would be a laughable threat.  To Emma, it was the end of the world.  She would be humiliated and she believed that her parents would never forgive her.  This was the most abominable sin she could ever commit and she felt the full weight of her religion on this issue.  In addition to the blackmail, she believed that her religion mandated that she marry him because they had slept together.  In her mind, this was the only way for the sin to not be unforgivable.  She had made a bad decision and she would have to suffer the consequences for the rest of her life.  There was no way out of it anymore.  

Ironically, her mom had warned her against marrying him, but for different reasons.  Her mom knew that he would never be able to support her or a family, and didn’t believe he was a suitable spouse.  Up until the day of the wedding, her mom told her that she should back out and just walk away.  Emma agreed with her mom, but told her that she couldn’t go back on her promise and that she had to marry him.  Her mom acquiesced and held her tongue after that.  

Married life started our tolerable, but eventually reverted to the disaster she had known for years.  I guess the wedding was the ephemeral assurance he needed to prove she wouldn’t leave him, and he backed off of the terrorism for a few years.  She almost believed they had a chance at being happy.  She never felt the deep, visceral love and respect most spouses have for each other, but she thought she could still be happy with him as a husband.  She wanted to have children, but she didn’t really want to have children with him.  She knew she would have to raise the children by herself and that he would not be able to make any contributions as a parent, as a husband, or as a man.  However, having a family was important to her and she also believed that it would be a very positive thing she could focus on and forget how miserable she was with him.  Kids would not only be a godsend, but she would also have a viable excuse for not spending time with him.  

So, they had kids and his true colors came back with a vengeance.

One night, Emma and Ted went to a concert with a couple of friends.  Ted got so hammered before the concert, they had to help him walk into the arena.  Before they could get to their seats, he passed out in a corridor and they left him there to sleep it off.  When Emma went back to check on him, he had urinated and vomited all over himself.  So, Emma and the friends left the concert early, picked him up and carried him back to the car, with everyone watching in disbelief as they walked out of the arena.  Of course, Emma was horrified.

Then, on a family trip to France, Ted disappeared while the rest of the family was in the hotel room getting ready for dinner.  Needing to get down to the restaurant, she went looking for him.  She found him behind a stairwell getting high with a couple of teenagers.  At first he denied smoking pot at all, then he got angry with her for accusing him of smoking pot.  She knew what she saw so she did not relent despite his rantings and assertions of innocence.  He finally admitted to getting high and somehow found a way to blame Emma, saying she stressed him out with the schedule they had to keep on the vacation and he needed to get high to relax.  This is the same trip where he choked Emma in the Paris airport in front of their children, by the way.  

Around the mid-point of their marriage, he was drinking enough to pass out every day.  When she came home from work, he was usually dead to the world on the couch while the infant children ran around the house.  Instead of telling the kids that daddy was wasted, she told them that he was just tired and needed to sleep.  Emma reached her first breaking point when she was working full time, going to school for her MBA, and taking care of three kids by herself.  She threw him out of the house and told him she would file for divorce if he didn’t get sober.  He agreed to go to rehab and promised to get clean and start being the husband she deserved.  So, off he went to rehab.  

Somewhere during the course of rehab, he was determined to be a danger to himself, so he was transferred into a psychiatric hospital for the remainder of his time at rehab.  He had completely fallen apart into a psychotropic hysteria either in response to the DT’s or the realization of what a disaster he was.  By some miracle or a glitch in the system, he was released back into the wild, instead of securing a permanent pass into the world of mental illness facilities.

Sobriety lasted somewhere between one and six months, depending on whether you believe Emma discovered his relapse the first time it happened or long after it had started.  Soon after that, Emma had given up completely on him and the marriage.  However, she held a quiet resolve to not get divorced until after the kids had graduated high school.  

Instead of riding Emma’s wave of indifference and laying low, he escalated the tension by increasingly accusing her of cheating on him with just about everyone she worked with.  Traveling and after-work functions are a part of her job and they were things she could not avoid, both of which were rife with opportunities for his inappropriate behavior.  When she brought him to Christmas parties, he would sneak drinks when she wasn’t looking and get wasted, but never sloppy.  He had an amazing ability to hide his drunkenness, so few people knew he was drunk, but Emma could always tell.  Then, on the way home from these parties, he would berate her and accuse her of being attracted to whoever she talked to at the party.  When she traveled, she would call to check in on the kids, usually to hear his slurring voice over the phone.  When she was away, he had no one to hide from, so he took advantage of this time to drink to dangerous excess.  Not only was he drinking, but he was the only one there to take care of the kids.  She was petrified that he was driving drunk with the kids in the car, but never knew what he was really up to.  During rehab, he admitted to driving drunk with the kids on several occasions and promised to never do it again.  Her gut told her he continued to drive drunk with the kids after rehab, but she could never prove it and he would never admit it.  But, she knew the truth and it killed her as much as it terrified her.  

When she told him she was going to go back to school for her MBA, he told her he wouldn’t allow it, saying that she was a terrible parent for even considering leaving her kids at home every night, and that he knew she only wanted to go back to school so she could meet someone else.  These early conversations always devolved into name-calling and threats, but she was far beyond caring, so she enrolled in an evening MBA program.  

The arguments between them became increasingly frequent and increasingly violent.  He was no stranger to pushing her around the room, smothering her with a pillow, trapping her under him while screaming at her, and every other form of abuse that stopped short of things that left empirical evidence.  She was able to keep the severity of her situation hidden from her children and her parents all this time, but the kids were getting old enough to start seeing what was going on.  It was no longer possible to hide the violence from the kids, so it was time to get out of the marriage.  

As an attempt to assuage him during the separation, Emma agreed to see a marriage counselor together and participate in a structured reconciliation process under the pretext of “seeing if they could work it out”.  Rather than take that opportunity to turn it all around and become the person she might be able to endure, he responded in classic form.  He showed up drunk to their first date after the separation and quickly rolled into an attack of accusations and finger-pointing at the dinner table.  During his visitation times with the kids, he told them everything that was going on and told them that their mother was trying to tear apart the family.  He filled their heads with tales of infidelity and betrayal, while telling her that he wanted to save the marriage.  Rather than working on himself and the marriage, he was positioning himself to be the perennial victim and get them “on his side”.  

Of course, the trial separation did not work and Emma resolved to go through with the divorce.  

After the decision to proceed with the divorce was made, he ramped up the harassment to dizzying heights.  He would follow her home from work and church, tailgating just a few feet behind her.  He would call her in the middle of the night and whisper threats into the phone or tell her he wanted to talk to the kids and tell them “what their momma was all about”.  He cornered people from her work who worked-out at the YMCA where the smoothie shop was, and fell apart in front of them while telling them that Emma cheated on him and tore apart his family.  He told teachers and administrators at the kids’ school similar stories and warned them to not let her near the school to pick up the kids or attend meetings at the school.  He broke into Emma’s voicemail at work and taped or deleted messages he thought would be useful in aggravating her.  He called her at work and told her he was going to go to the local newspaper and get them to write an article about her having affairs with people at work.  He confronted her at Pete’s baseball “end of the season” party and yelled at her in front of everyone for having the nerve to show up at his child’s event after destroying their family.   

Soon after the separation began, Ted broke into the house through a window he had left open while he was there with the kids.  Keep in mind, he was not supposed to be anywhere near the house for any reason, but he decided it was his right to go in the house and do whatever he wanted while he was there.  He only worked part-time then, so he was there while Emma was at work and there was no way for her to know what he was doing, or stop him from going inside.  After he broke into the house, he proceeded to break into Emma’s bathroom where she was getting out of the shower.  He stood there staring at her, veins popping out of his neck and forehead, eyes bloodshot from his recent binge, fists clenched.  He tried to tear away the towel she was using to cover herself and said in that low, guttural, menacing voice, “let me look at you naked.  I want to see you naked again.  No one but me should ever see you naked.”  When she tried to run past him to call 911, he grabbed her, threw her on the bed, tried to suffocate her with the pillow and said, “If I could rape you right now, I would.”  She managed to push him off and call her father who lives down the road.  With that call made he said, “I will never leave you alone.  I will haunt you until the day you die and I will never let you be happy.  I will kill anyone who tries to take you away from me.  You can tell that to anyone you try to date”, then scurried out of the house and sped away.

One time, we heard him pull in the driveway to drop off the kids from a visit.  We went to the door to greet the kids and saw Ted throw something at Bob and heard him say to Bob, “Go on, take your stupid video!  You are a traitor.  I don’t ever want to see you again.  You can go live with your mother and her faggot boyfriend for all I care.  I hope you are happy.  Go on.  Get out of here.”  When Bob got to the front door of the house, he was crying and had the saddest look of dejection and confusion on his face.  We asked him what happened and he said, “I was showing dad the South Park DVD I just bought and he started yelling at me, saying that I only bought it because Jack likes South Park, and that I was a traitor and he never wanted to see me again.”  That was the first time, we are aware of, that Ted had turned on his own kids.  He later apologized to Bob and said he didn’t mean it and that he was just mad about his mother cheating on him.  

Another day, soon after we started dating, Pete hopped into Emma’s car after she picked him up from a visit with his dad, crying with his head sunk low.  Emma asked what was wrong.  He said, “Dad yelled at me because I said Jack had a cat and that I loved playing with it”.  “So, what’s wrong with that?”, Emma asked, puzzled.  “I don’t know!”, Pete quietly cried.  “He was all angry and just started saying that if I loved the cat so much, he would just drop me off at your house and I could spend the rest of my life with you and the stupid cat.  Then he called me a traitor and said that I had to choose sides or he would choose for me.  I don’t know what he was talking about.  He was just yelling at me for no reason.”

Not long after we were married, we had to change the drop-off point from the local Food Lion to the local police station.  This was because of several incidents that occurred during the drop-off.  For example, one night I had to pick up Pete and Bob because Emma was out of town on business.  I showed up on-time and waited in the usual area in the parking lot.  He showed up late, entered the parking lot, and slowly cruised towards the drop off point.  When he realized it was me in the car, he drove straight at me with his high beams on and screeched to a halt no more than five feet from my car.  The kids got out of his car and into mine, with the most terrified looks on their faces I had ever seen.  When the kids were in my car, he circled his car around mine a few times, like a shark on the hunt.  When his car was pointed at mine, he floored it and sped straight at us.  At the last second, he swerved past us and stopped his car about thirty feet away and stayed there, not moving.  Not knowing what to do and not wanting to do nothing, I put the car in gear and started out of the parking lot.  As soon as I passed him, he came in behind me with his high beams still on and got right up on my bumper.  He followed us like that all the way back home for five miles.  When we got back to my house, he stopped at the end of the driveway for a few moments, then sped off.  The kids were scared to death and I was worried sick about how we could have crashed and that the kids could have been seriously injured.  

For at least a year after Emma and I were married, each of the kids had come back from visits with Ted, pissed off at Emma, asking her how she could cheat on their dad and tear apart the family.  Emma would tell them that it was not true and that the marriage didn’t work out because they just couldn’t get along anymore and they were both unhappy.  They would return volley with words that obviously came straight out of Ted’s mouth, convinced that their mother was a horrible person and needed to be punished for the rest of her life for “what she did to dad”.  

Whenever Ted would break the custody agreement, which was pretty much every day, the kids would yell at Emma for trying to get their dad in trouble when she called her attorney to get him to comply with the agreement.  And, when he would commit crimes and she had to call the police, it was her fault for upsetting him and she was a horrible person for trying to get their dad sent to jail.  

For reasons only known to the psychotic mind, he was convinced that Emma had cheated on him with me, while they were still married.  Because of this belief and all of the boundless rage attached to it, he told all three kids over and over again that their mother was a slut, that she cheated on him, and that she had torn apart the family.  He also told the kids that they had to choose which side they were on.  If they didn’t choose to hate their mother as much as he did, he would disown them and never see them again.  In fact, he got the oldest son, Chris, so riled up one day that Chris called Emma in a fit of rage, yelled at her for destroying the family, betraying his father, said that she “deserved what she got”, and told her that “me and dad are going over to Jack’s house to kick the shit out of him”.

Ted also called at all hours of the night, drunk of course, and said things like “the kids are going to know what you are and they will never love you again.  They will hate you as much as I hate you.  I will make sure they know what you did to me and we will all make you suffer.”  

A few months after she and I started dating, he called a mutual friend to ask if he would let him practice shooting his rifle on the friend’s property, because he “planned on using it again soon and wanted to get some practice in”.  The friend had known him and Emma since high school and immediately called Emma to tell her about the bizarre, psychotic conversation he just had with Ted.  

By now, you must be asking yourself why this maniac is not in jail.  We ask ourselves this same question almost every day.  Inside the first 2 years of dating and marriage, we went to the police many times, went through the court system several times, and could never get him charged or convicted on anything except for violating the custody arrangement.  We heard all the bullshit excuses about why nothing could be done and it made us sick with frustration and fear every time.  We heard everything from “it’s your word against his”, to “this doesn’t rise to the level of a crime”, to “we need more proof”, to “well, we could arrest him, but it would probably only make things worse for you”.  You name the Lifetime movie quote and we heard it.  This nut case has the luck of the devil working for him 24 hours a day, keeping him on the street as a plague to the world.  I am convinced he sold his soul years ago, partially evidenced by the fact that he has no soul.  We have long since forgiven him for everything he has done and continues to do, but as you can imagine, we will never forget.  I’m sure, if he ever reads this book, he’ll be smiling that evil smile of a hateful, malevolent victory, patting himself on the back for all of the damage he has caused.

What I still can’t understand is how he could drag his own children into the middle of his violence and corrupt their hearts with anger.  How could he do this to his own children??  How could he not see the extent to which he is tearing apart their lives?  How could he not see that he was adding an unimaginable amount of stress to an already stressful divorce situation?  Divorce is difficult enough for children without having to choose sides, pledge allegiance, resent their mother, and despise their stepfather.  How could he be so blind?  How could he be so stupid?  How could he be so evil?  

Well, let’s examine the situation.

I think the divorce hit him extremely hard, despite wanting out of the marriage himself, and acting like a lunatic for twenty years.  He had told her almost from the beginning that he knew she was going to leave him, and made all the threats that went along with it.  He told her many times during the final five years that he didn’t love her and he wanted a divorce.  But, he never had the guts to follow through with it, or he never meant it and apologized profusely.  He was scared to death that she would one day get sick of his shit, realize what a loser he was, and leave him.  

Think about all the other things you now know about him.  This is an incredibly insecure person with no limit to the depths of delusion he can sink.  He never thought he was good enough for her and he was convinced that everyone was better than him and could take her away from him.  Although he had invented a much prettier picture of himself in his head, he knew he was an alcoholic, he abused his wife, and that Emma was the only one financially supporting his family.   He was too stupid, too lazy, or too dysfunctional to graduate from a college created for kids who barely passed high school, or hold down a full-time job.  He knew what he was, and that killed him.  

His own family was no picnic either.  As a young adult, his mother and sister constantly told him that whoever he married would break his heart and cheat on him.  His dad was very abusive and loved him very conditionally.  I think Ted was constantly angry and filled with violence from a very early age.  

By almost anyone’s standards, this guy is a train wreck.  

Then, you consider the fact that his worst nightmare came true.  His self-fulfilling prophecy was complete and he lost everything he was afraid of losing.  Not only did he lose his wife, but he was probably petrified that his cover would be blown and everyone, including the kids, would find out what kind of person he really was.  The fantasy he had created in his head was the only thing keeping him together and I don’t think he was capable of surviving the catastrophe of facing who he was and what he had done with his life.  He had avoided it for his entire life and it was not possible to face it now.  Especially now.  

Not only that, but he was replaced by me.  On paper, I am everything he was afraid of.  I am the exact person he believed would steal her away from him.  Someone younger, someone smarter, someone more successful, someone more everything than him, and someone nothing like him.  I am his worst nightmare come true, and I was staring him right in the face every day.  

More than anything, he has shown himself to be completely paranoid that I was trying to steal his kids away from him and that they would love me more than they love him.  I think this is a relatively common fear among all fathers that go through a divorce.  I think it’s relatively normal that he would be afraid of this.  I think if I had kids and my ex got re-married, I would be worried that my kids would love me less and start calling him “dad”.  I think it would be tough for any father to deal with that insecurity.  I could see how anyone replacing the husband could be perceived as a threat to the ownership of the “dad” moniker of endearment.  I think it would tear me apart to hear my kids speaking highly of another man in a way the might compromise my standing as “the real dad”.  It has to be difficult to not see your kids everyday.  It has to be even more difficult to see them drive off every week with the guy that has replaced you as the live-in dad.  It has to be difficult to know your kids are doing “family things” with another family.  It has to be difficult to know that your in-laws are no longer a part of your life after 20 years.  I think all of it has to be very difficult for any father or mother dealing with a re-marriage.  Your kids are a part of your heart and it must be difficult to share them with a stranger, no matter how great that person is.  They are your kids and you want all of their heart.  I can see how and why parents are greedy with their kids’ hearts.  If you lose any part of your kids’ hearts, you lose a part of your own heart.  I can see how all of this angst could tear someone apart.  

I think I might even do things, in a much more sane way, to secure my immutable standing as “the real dad”.  I can see myself worrying about how the new guy is treating my kids.  I can see myself worrying about them loving him more than they love me.  I can see myself being upset that I couldn’t see them every day.  I can see myself feeling some of the same feelings he is experiencing.  

When you combine all of this internal conflict with a volatile personality, you can see what happens.  I have all of the sympathy in the world for what he is going through.  But, I have no sympathy at all for how he has chosen to act and what he has done to the kids.  If all of the anger was directed towards me, but in a way that did not impact the kids, I could accept it.  That is part of my plight as a stepdad.  I can accept the fact that there is someone in the world that hates me and would like to see me dead.  I can not accept the fact that there is someone in the world who is willing to sacrifice his own children, my stepchildren, for the sake of his own revenge.  

I wish there were something I could do about it.  I wish there were some way I could stop it.  I wish he were able to release his anger and do what is best for the kids.  I wish he could find a way to be happy.  I wish we could get along, at least publicly, like other parents can do with the stepparents.  I wish the kids didn’t have to deal with all this bullshit.  I wish the kids were allowed to remain oblivious to the bullshit.  I wish the kids were not forced to choose sides and pledge their allegiance every day.  I wish the kids didn’t have to be afraid of what they might do or say to send their dad off the edge.  I wish the kids were allowed to admit that they like me.  I wish, I wish, I wish.

Anyway.

It is certainly a lot better today than it was a year ago, but I think that is mostly because Emma has a restraining order against him, he doesn’t see the kids every day because he broke the custody agreement too many times, and he knows the kids are official, committed, dyed-in-the-wool Jenkins Boys.  There are even times when we can actually laugh at the insanity and enjoy the moments of peace.  Not because it’s over, but because our daily lives are not affected by it anymore.  But, that could change in a moment.    


Chapter Three

“So, where do you want to get married?” I asked my beautiful wife-to-be in the kitchen of our future first house together.

“Let’s do it somewhere close-by so no one has to travel too far.  I want people to be able to make it there and back in the same day”.  

“Do you mean you want to do it here in town, or just somewhere in North Carolina?” 

“If we can find a great place in town, I’d be willing to do it here”, she thought out loud.  “I’m not saying we should force it just to do it here, but I think we should at least look around the area.  I don’t know, what do you think?”

“Hmmm”, I started.  “Well, my parents and my brother will probably have to fly in, no matter where we get married.  My folks are in California and my brother is on Long Island, so neither of them lives anywhere convenient.  And, it’s a lot more reasonable for those three to travel rather than everyone else we invite having to fly to some far-away location.  Plus, if we do it here, all of our friends will be able to come.  Now that I think about it, who are we going to invite?  Is it just close family, or is it friends and people from work?”  

“I think I want it to be just our families and our close friends”, she responded.  “First of all, we are paying for it and I don’t see any need to get crazy with a guest list for no good reason.  Second, I want to treat this like a precious day to be shared with the people closest to us.  I don’t want a 400-person guest list, filled with people we barely know or barely care about.  Plus, the fewer people we invite, the more we can spend per person at the reception dinner.  Plus, we’ll have more money left over for the honeymoon.  Shit, the honeymoon.  What are we going to do about the kids?  We still have to decide where we are taking them on phase one of the honeymoon.  What do you want to do about the kids?”   

“Fuck if I know”, I said with a smiling snigger.  “Tell you what.  Why don’t you let me take care of both honeymoons?  I’ll do all the research, make all the plans, book it, everything.  I’ll come up with a few options, run it by you, then I’ll make it happen.  Any idea where you might want to go on our honeymoon?  I’m thinking a secluded beach somewhere not too far away.  I don’t want to spend too much time traveling.  I just want to sit on a beach, sip Margaritas, soak in the sun, and relax like I’ve never relaxed before.”  I felt myself spinning wildly off onto a non-productive tangent, so I stopped myself.

“Stop”, I said with a mocking self-regulation.  “Let’s get back to the wedding.  Let’s take care of that first, then we’ll deal with the honeymoons later.”

“Good idea”, Emma agreed.  “We’ll never get anything done like that, and I’m just as guilty as you are.  Let’s try to stay on-task.” 

“Okay.  The wedding.  Where were we?”, she asked the ceiling.  “Oh yeah, location.  Why don’t we do this.  Let’s get on the internet, research some sites, and see what’s out there, first.”  She fluidly pushed herself away from the counter with her butt and moved towards the computer with quiet deliberateness.  I did the same (not quite as fluidly), and followed her into the bedroom where I kept my computer.  

After a few hours of research, we came across an article called “Planning the Perfect Wedding in North Carolina”.  Probably hyperbolic marketing mumbo jumbo, I thought, but it grabbed our attention, so we opened it.  In it, the author described the setting, environment, atmosphere, services, and amenities of our perfect wedding.  The title of the article turned out to be eerily accurate and apropos of the exact picture we had in our minds.  It was a captivating article focusing on the Grove Park Inn, in Asheville, NC, only a couple of hours away from where we lived.  Emma had heard about it, and remembered someone telling her how great it was there.  It was right outside of downtown Asheville, a wonderful little beat, hippie town that had a great vibe and a lot to do.  It was near the Biltmore Estate, in case we had enough time and the inclination to take a tour of the largest private home in the US.  It had a highly-ranked golf course and a world-class spa.  It had an intriguing history dating back almost 100 years, and it was perfectly suited for an outdoor wedding on one of the five terraces over-looking the mountains.  

We knew right away, without deliberation or discussion, that this is where we were to be married.   

As we were both nodding our heads, she said, “This is it.  It’s perfect.  This is where we should get married.”

“Oh yeah”, I assented.  “No question.”  

I wrapped my arms around her from behind, kissed her on top of the head and said, “Let’s give them a call and start planning.”  

“Now, remember.  We can’t tell the kids where we are getting married”, I said soberly.  “We don’t want to have to deal with the shit storm of panic if Ted finds out.  We’ll just have to be vague when they ask where we’re getting married.  Maybe we tell them that we want it to be a surprise.”

Then, another significant issue slapped me across the brain.  “I just thought of something.  Do you think Chris will even come?  I know you’ve smoothed things over with him about us, but he still has to deal with Ted.  Do you think he’s going to want to risk his dad finding out and tearing him up for it?  He would lose his damn mind if he found out Chris was coming.”

“You’re right”, she said with the weight of the world in her tone.  “It would break my heart if Chris weren’t there for our wedding.  What are we going to do?  He has to be there.”

“Well, I think all we can do is ask Chris to come and leave it up to him.  I don’t know if we should put any pressure on him to do something that may be impossible for him to deal with.”  

“Let me call him right now and see what he thinks”, she said distantly.

Emma retrieved her cell phone from the abyss of her cluttered purse and dialed Chris’s number.

“Hi mom”, Chris answered

“Hey sweetie.  What are you up to?”

“Nothing.  Just hanging out”, Chris said in a bored tone.

“Nothing, huh.  Are you with your friends?”

“No, it’s just me.  What’s up?” Chris inquired, sensing her uneasiness and that she had something important to say.

“Well, I just wanted to talk to you about the wedding.  I wanted to see if you planned on coming.  I know your dad will be upset if he finds out you were there, but I’m hoping you will still be able to make it.”  She paused long enough to slow down her breathing and give Chris a chance to respond.

“Yeah, I’ll be there”, Chris said almost without hesitation.

Emma paused to catch up with her rapid breathing.  

“You’re not worried about what your dad will do?” she asked with extreme trepidation.

“No, why should I be?  He’s going to have to get over it sometime and I’m not going to miss your wedding because of what he thinks.  Don’t worry about it”, he responded in classic Chris fashion.

Chris is one of the most astounding people I have ever met.  He has a bit of his dad’s anger, but he is his mother’s son at heart.  He reminds me so much of Neal Cassady, that dazzling hipster from “On the Road”.  He is an intense ball of fire, always anxious to move on to the next thing, nervously fidgeting whenever he has to stay still for more than 2 minutes.  He always has something going on and he is always in a rush to get somewhere.  Nine times out of every ten times he calls Emma, he is in urgent need of something.  It can be anything from a ride to a friend’s house, to $20 bucks to buy something for his dog, to borrow a vacuum to clean his house.  Whatever it is, it is an emergency and it has to be done right now.  This kid is a trip, let me tell you.

Everyone who meets him thinks he is the nicest guy they have ever met and believes he is their best friend.  He instantaneously ingratiates himself with everyone he meets and every one of his girlfriends’ parents loves him to death.  People just love to be around him.  He is infinitely entertaining and he is the sweetest person you have ever met.  He is genuinely concerned about the people in his life, and he will help you in any way he can, whenever he can, as long as something doesn’t come up to distract him. 
 
Emma breathed a little easier and said, “That’s great, baby.  I’m so glad to hear you say that.  I’ll let you know the details as soon as we figure it out.  Are you going to invite Susan?”

“Yeah, if that’s alright with you”, he responded with the wheels in his head audibly spinning.  “Is it going to be an overnight thing?”

“I don’t know.  Maybe.  We’ll have to see”, Emma answered with great anticipation of the next question.

“If it is, can you get Susan and me a room?  I’m not going to sleep with Pete and Bob, right?” 

Chris may have been the typical 20 year-old guy in his motives, but he was very atypical in the way he interacted with Emma.  True to his personality, Chris was wide-open with the things he said to his mom.  There was nothing too personal or too intimate that he wouldn’t share with her.  Certainly, he didn’t tell her all of the crazy stuff he did, but when it came to girls and anything that wouldn’t get him in trouble, he would say just about anything.  He saw no reason to hide the fact they he and his girlfriend were sleeping together, and he could see no reason why they shouldn’t share a room together.  Forget about the fact that his whole family is Southern Baptist and would see that move as a monstrous sin.  Chris expected to stay in the same room with his girlfriend, not as a quid pro quo for coming, but because in his mind it made no sense to do otherwise.  

This touched on a very delicate subject Emma knew would come up eventually if Susan would accompany Chris to the wedding.  Southern Baptists don’t believe in pre-marital sex and, although Emma might be able to deal with it just to have him there, her parents would not be happy about it.  Same goes for the rest of the family, save her very cool sister, Diane.  

Diane is the younger sister by 10 years, and is what I would call “normal”.  She has her faith, but she also has a keen sense of reality and all that goes with it.  Even her story is similar to mine.  She went through her wild period, got her shit together, got an MBA from UNC at Chapel Hill, and works a corporate gig in Atlanta.  She never passes judgment on anyone and she always has a smile on her pretty face.  If I had met her outside of Emma, I could still see myself being friends with her.  Also, she is married to a great guy, Sebastian, who sings and plays guitar in an Atlanta-based band.  He and I are very similar creatures and I could see us being friends outside of Emma and Diane, as well.  He is quiet, easy-going, not afraid to party, and loves to relax in the background.  Diane and Sebastian are my only respite from the strict rules of the family and religion at family functions.  We don’t always get to hang out as much as we’d like, but the few moments we do spend together are very much-appreciated.  

But the rest of the family was not bloody likely to keep silent about things they thought were wrong, or against God’s will.  If they didn’t say anything explicitly, it would definitely be the implicit response.  If Emma said “yes” to Chris’s request, she would have to deal with the judgment of her family and God.  If she said “no”, she would risk Chris not coming to the wedding at all.  Quite the conundrum, don’t you think?

If we agreed to get them a room, there would be no doubt that everyone in the family would discuss his impure relationship and Emma’s poor decision to overtly condone it.  But, getting Chris to the wedding superseded absolutely everything else.  The familial backlash was inconsequential when compared to the distress that would be caused by Chris’s absence.  Having all of her boys at the wedding was almost important as the wedding itself and Emma was single-minded about accomplishing this goal.  

“I don’t know sweetie”, she said using the now-familiar diversion tactic.  “We’ll have to see.”

She may have put it off for the moment, but I knew what her answer would be.  She would let Chris and Susan stay in the same room and deal with the commensurate repercussions.  Sometimes you just gotta say “what the fuck”, and that’s exactly what she did when the time came.  

“Okay”, Chris said reservedly.  “But, let me know as soon as you can so I can start making plans.”

“Making plans” for Chris meant he would keep the information stored somewhere in his brain until the last possible moment and react to it when time had run out.  If he told Susan about the wedding, we could count on her to get him there and make all the requisite plans in the meantime.  Emma knew this all too well and wrapped up the conversation with, 

“Sure.  Now, go ahead and tell Susan so you can be sure she will be able to make it.  I’ll get back to you on the room situation as soon as we figure it out.  Okay?”

“Yup”, Chris said, anxious to get off the phone before his head exploded.  “I gotta go.  I’ll talk to you soon.  I love you mom.”

“I love you too, baby”, Emma responded.  “Bye”.

That’s another sweetly quirky thing about Emma and her family.  They always say “I love you” at the end of every conversation and as they are parting ways.  I, on the other hand, rarely say I love you to anyone but Emma.  My family loves each other very much, but we have never said “I love you” around the house or after every conversation.  We say it more now, as adults, but it’s still not like Emma’s family.  I don’t know if either way is more “normal”, but it just strikes me as strange to say “I love you” so often.  It fits the collective personality of her family, so I guess that’s all the “normal” they need to be.  

“That went well”, I said after she hung up.  “Do you think he’ll come?”

“I don’t know”, she said with a complete lack of certainty either way.  “I hope so.  I just hope his dad doesn’t find out and intimidate him into not going.”

You could see the wheels spinning in her head, running scenarios and probabilities of what might happen.  Ted could screw up even the simplest of situations and infect it with chaos.  Everyone had to filter every action through the question, “How will he react?”  Will he lose his brain?  How much trouble is he going to cause over this?   Will he scream at me for this?  Can I blame it on someone else so he won’t tear into me?  

This is how everyone in the family lived their life.  This is how the kids lived their life, and this is what Chris had to deal with in a situation that would surely blow up in his face at some point.  On some level, Chris knew that if his dad found out that he was going to our wedding, his dad would shred him up beyond recognition.  And, that’s exactly what happened.    

Chris called Emma a week after the initial conversation about the wedding, crying in a fit.

“What’s wrong sweetie?”, Emma asked with a familiar panic when Chris said “hey mom” through evanescent tears.

“I can’t go to your wedding.  Dad found out I’m going to your wedding and he went off on me”, Chris stammered through the tears.  “He called me a traitor and said that he was cutting me out of his life.  He said that he never wanted to see me again and that I was going to burn in hell for betraying him.  He said I had to move out of the house tonight and that he didn’t care what happened to me.  He yelled at me for like 30 minutes about how much he hated me for doing this to him.  Then he went off on what he is going to do to you and Jack, and that he will never let you guys get married.  I don’t know if he’ll really do anything, but he said he was going to kill you and Jack, then he was going to kill himself.  I can’t believe he would say those things.  What is wrong with him?”

“I don’t know, baby”, Emma replied, softly crying herself for what Chris had went through.  “I can’t believe he would say those things to you.  Well, actually I can, but I am still shocked.  I guess I’m surprised he would act like that towards you.  That is exactly the kind of things he said to me for 20 years.  I know exactly what it’s like and I know exactly how you feel.  It’s scary, isn’t it?”

“Yeah.  I don’t know what his problem is”, Chris continued, mostly oblivious to Emma’s response.  “How could he say those things?  He is my dad.  How could he say he would kick me out of the house and disown me if I went to my own mom’s wedding?  He is such an asshole.  I’ll never forgive him for this.”

“I know baby”, she responded with every ounce of empathy she could conjure.  “I know it’s hard.  You just can’t let your dad drag you into his anger.  He has a serious problem with anger and violence.  That’s just who he is.  But, you have to be better than that.  You have to let it go and let his issues be his issues.  Anger and violence will ruin your life if you let it take over your heart.”

“I know mom”, Chris said unconvincingly.  “I am so mad at him.  I just can’t believe he said those things.  I really want to go to your wedding, but I just can’t.  I don’t have any other place to live and I wouldn’t know what to do.  I am so sorry, mom”

“I know Chris”, Emma replied in complete defeat.  This is exactly what she was afraid of and it was happening.  

“I gotta go”, Chris said in a hurry to just get off the phone.

“Okay sweetie”, Emma responded.  “I’ll call you later.  I love you baby”.

“Bye mom.  I love you too.” Chris said on his way to hanging up.  

Emma was devastated.  She felt like the wedding would be a very sad, depressing event if all of her boys weren’t there.  They were her life and Ted was robbing everyone of their happiness.  As long as he was miserable, everyone would be miserable with him.  He would make sure of that.  Emma didn’t know how she could go through with the wedding without Chris there, but she knew she couldn’t let Ted win.  Not with something this huge.  She would have to go on, but she would be miserable for weeks as we discussed a thousand different strategies to convince Chris to come to the wedding anyway.  

In the end, we decided that we couldn’t pressure Chris to come to the wedding.  It wouldn’t be fair to him to add even more stress to the situation he faced with his dad.  If he was going to come, it had to be his decision.  And, he had to make it on his own.  

After several weeks of letting the dust settle, Chris did finally stand up to his dad and tell him he was going to our wedding.  There was another blow-up, but his dad never followed through on any of his threats.  He never kicked Chris out of the house and he never disowned him.  They didn’t speak to each other for a few days, but it was more important to not push Chris over to “our side” and lose a soldier in his war.  He could not let us “win” any of the boys, as that would have been proof that he was the bad guy and his rage unjustified.  He needed to be the victim and he needed to have the pity of everyone around him.  He had to let this one go if he was going to keep the Jenkins Boys together and crush his enemy.  

It is so easy to sit on the outside of this situation and say you wouldn’t care what the ex thinks or does.  Living inside of this insanity is quite another reality.  If you have never lived with an alcoholic or a sociopath in your life, you have no idea how much stress you have to cope with every day.  Everything is a problem, a disaster, or an inconvenience.  You have to consider the impact and the reaction from everything you do that touches them.  You have to decide how much bullshit is worth each mundane activity and whether or not you want to do it at all.  Until the alcoholic sociopath knows that they will go to jail for their behavior, they will make your life a living hell.  Trust me.  I know.  

I heard most of her initial conversation with Chris and could deduce the rest.   After she hung up the phone, I said empathically with shades of anger, “God, I hate what that asshole is doing to the kids.  How could he not realize how much he is tearing apart their hearts?  The kids are walking around scared to death how their dad is going to react to their every decision, wondering what they are going to do to set him off next.  How can anyone deal with that level of anxiety every day?  I don’t know how the hell you dealt with it for 20 years.  I know it’s typical of abused children, but I can’t believe they don’t hate him.  How can they watch him treat them so horribly and not hold it against him?  And, worse, how can they continue to attach themselves so closely to him?  Pete and Bob still think he is a great guy and does nothing wrong.  How the hell is that possible?  I mean, I don’t want the kids to hate him.  He’s their dad and always will be, but I do think it is critical they confront the reality of who their dad really is.  Otherwise, they may turn out just like him, thinking that kind of behavior is normal.  That, that’s how men act.  That guy is just evil, the way he treats his own kids.  How could a parent inflict that kind of damage on their kids and not care, or not even realize it?”

It is so easy for me to get worked up when I start thinking about what Ted was doing to the kids.  I saw their hearts being torn apart every day, being forced to choose “which side they are on”.  He had convinced them that if they were not one of the “Jenkins Boys”, then they were a traitor.  And, he has called each of his sons a traitor on several occasions, because they have not expressly and vigorously denounced me and their mom as the enemy.  It makes me sick just thinking about it.  I just hope with enough love from us and enough contrast to their dad, the kids will turn out antithetical to their dad.  

What makes it even more difficult is, I can’t say anything bad about their dad.  Not only for moral reasons, but also for tactical reasons.  I have to speak in very general terms when I say something negative about traits everyone knows their dad possesses.  I know how they would react towards me if they thought I was slamming their dad in any way.  So, I have to choose my words very carefully when I try to tell them why a certain behavior is unacceptable.  I’ve seen what happens when Emma has said things to the kids, never meant to be derogatory towards Ted, but somehow get twisted into her talking trash about their dad.  

As the years have passed, I have come to believe that the kids know exactly what their dad is all about.  I think they know exactly what kind of person he is, but they are still not willing to ever say he is “wrong” or “bad”.  That’s the trick-fuck about abusive parents.  The kids know exactly how horrible the parent is, but they are scared to death to go against them or admit it to themselves.  So, their mind is twisted to the point where they actually defend the abusive parent like THEY are the victim.  True to form, their dad has convinced them that their mother cheated on him, tore apart the family, and deserves to be punished and terrorized for the rest of her life.  And, he has convinced the kids that they have to contribute to this punishment with the same ferocity as he does, or, you guessed it, they are traitors.  

I walk an incredibly fine and blurry line when I try to teach the kids how to behave and how to treat other people.  Until now, their only example of how a man acts is their sociopathic dad.  They have been taught to believe, through his words or actions, that when someone does something you don’t like, you react with relentless anger and violence.  They also believe that you can do whatever you want, no matter how violent or how illegal, as long as you have the justification of that person “doing you wrong”.  And, like the archetypal sociopath, he has convinced them to never, ever take responsibility for the mistakes they make.  Following his example, whatever you do wrong, there is always someone else you can blame.  Nothing is ever your fault.  And, when that doesn’t work, just apologize and say you didn’t mean it.  

Now, just imagine the prospect of your kids turning out like this guy.  How scared would you be if you saw your kids headed down that road?  What would you do?  What if the monster killing your kids was their own father?  What if there was nothing you could do to keep your kids away from him?  What if the courts forced you to allow the monster killing your kids to have regular visitation with him?  What if your kids felt pity for the monster?  What if the kids felt the burden of making the monster happy?  What if your kids felt the burden of believing their dad would kill their mother or their stepfather, every day?  What if your kids turned against you, out of fear and loyalty to the monster?  What would you do?

That is the life Emma and I lived every day with these three precious, innocent, and horrifically scarred children.  

“I know”, Emma responded with abject moroseness and rapidly saturating eyes.  “I know.”

I put my arms around her and tried to comfort her, as well as myself.  There was nothing we could do about it and we knew it.  I have never felt so helpless as I did that moment, and every moment since then, when I think about what the kids are going through.

Emma fully and absolutely blamed herself for what the kids have been forced to deal with.  Why, I could not fathom at the time, but she assured me it was all she could do as a mother.  She felt the pain, and responsibility of that pain, of everything that ever did or ever will hurt her kids.  She believed that she brought this pain on to her kids by leaving her abusive marriage.  She knew what he would do if she left him and she knew things would turn out like this.  She knew Ted would terrorize her, me, and her kids and make everyone suffer for the injustice he believed he suffered because of her.   She knew he would stop at nothing to make the kids hate her and me.  She knew he would not stop until her and my lives were left in complete ruin.  She knew he would not stop until he believed we were as miserable as he and he had inflicted as much pain on us as he could make happen.  She knew there was no end to the amount of misery he wanted us to suffer.  She believed that someone might end up dead before the insanity subsided.  And, she believed it was all her fault.  

Emma lived with this guilt for years.  I don’t think this guilt will ever disappear completely, but at least the amount of guilt she feels today is no longer debilitating.  I believe she has come to understand that none of this is her fault and that she could have done nothing to prevent it.  But, she will never get over the guilt and pain of what her kids have gone through after she left Ted.  

“Why don’t we talk about the wedding plans tomorrow?” I offered.  “There is too much shit going on right now to focus on all of these details.  And, I want to be in a good mood while we are planning our wedding”, I said with a half-hearted smile.

She responded with a half-hearted smiled of her own and said, “Yeah.  Let’s do that.”

“I’ve got to go anyway”, she added.  “I need to get back to the kids.  The babysitter is probably wondering where I am.”

“Okay.  I guess I’ll see you tomorrow.  What time do you want to hook up?”

“Well, they are with their dad this weekend, so I guess I’ll come over right after work”, she said.

“Cool.  I’ll be here, so just come over whenever.”

“Okay”, she said as she slowly stood up, beat-down.

“I love you Emma”, I said, carefully emphasizing each word.  “Don’t worry.  Everything will work out.  We’ll be great parents and the kids will turn out fine”, I added, unsure if I even believed it.  

“I know”, she said, trying to comfort me as much as she was trying to reassure herself.  

Then she walked toward the door with her eyes on her feet, exiting for the evening.  As she reached the door, she turned around with tears in her eyes, and smiled ever so slightly.  I knew she would fall apart before she reached her car and it just killed me.  

I watched the door close behind her and felt my stomach churning in my toes.  I felt like a husband and a parent for the first time in my life.  And, it wasn’t that great, let me tell you.  My first marriage was a joke and we never had kids, so this feeling was completely new to me.  Yes, this situation sucked, but in an unusual way for me.  I loved Emma more each day, and in ways I could never have anticipated.  Apparently, this was how parents felt when their kids were in trouble or hurting.  This was the burden you willingly accept when you have kids.  Only difference here is, I had no time to adjust to it or make sense of it.  I had to roll with it, figure it out as I went, and fake it until I got it.  Emma needed me to be strong, and I was fine with that.  That is what I am good at.  That is my defining characteristic.  When things go horribly wrong, I am the one with the cool head and the reasonable mind.  That, I inherited or learned from my dad.  Don’t get me wrong.  I am no stranger to “losing it”, but never in a crisis.  Never when someone needs me to be strong while they fall apart.  That is what Emma needed and that is what I would give her.  

I spent the night, unable to sleep, vacillating between anger and resolve to make things better for everyone.  There was no way I would ever change the psycho ex, and there was no way I could take away all the pain the kids and Emma felt.  All I could do was protect them from physical harm and be the best husband and stepfather on the planet.  I had to be perfect.  There was no room for error, as far as I was concerned.  Say one wrong thing to the kids and they would hate me forever.  Say one wrong thing to Emma and she would lose faith in me as a husband and a parent to her kids.  Do one wrong thing to Ted and I’d end up in jail.  

Yes, I artificially exaggerated the importance of my words and actions but I think I did it purposefully, yet sub-consciously, to elevate my own expectations.  I could no longer be frivolous or careless with my speech or deeds.  I had to choose my words carefully and analyze their impact before they left my mouth.  This was how I proceeded from that point.  Yes, I did later relax this expectation as frustration and reality set in, but I gave it a whirl for a while and did pretty well at it.  I think.    

As I built trust with the kids and Emma, I realized they never expected me to be perfect.  I think they appreciated the effort, whether they knew what I was doing or not, but they were not nearly as critical as I had expected.  Especially Emma.  

Her experience with her ex left her expectations extremely low, so it wasn’t difficult to impress her.  One day she recounted a conversation she had with our babysitter Mary Beth, who was almost family at that point, about how surprised she was how different life was with me.  When we had our first argument, she was shocked that I didn’t hit her or start yelling threats at her.  She wasn’t even sure how to react when I remained calm and tried to talk our way through it.  She was not used to, nor skilled at, calmly working through an issue.  As she told me this, I remembered that argument and how confused I was by her bellicose positioning.  She seemed ready for violence to occur at any moment, while I was just sitting there, telling her how I felt.  No matter how intense the argument became, violence was never an option.  I think this really threw her for a loop and it took her a while to adjust to her new life.  

Only problem is, she eventually got used to being a “normal couple” and acting like “normal people”, and grew to be very comfortable about giving me grief for not helping out around the house enough.  So, that sucks.  But, that’s a different story for a different time.  Suffice it to say, neither one of us turned out to be perfect after you stripped away the insanity.  Now, we’re just a “normal”, very in love couple, for good or bad.  


Chapter Four

“Hey!  How you doing?”, I said to my mom answering the phone in sunny California.

“Hey sweetie pie!  How are you?”, she responded with the usual effusive enthusiasm.  “I’m so glad you called.  We haven’t talked to you in a couple of weeks and I was wondering how you were doing.”

“I’m great.  How are you?”

“Well, everything is just great.  We are sitting on the deck by the pool, enjoying the 85 degree weather.”

“Sounds like sweatshirt weather for you.  You must be freezing.”

Laughing at herself, she responded, “Well, I was wearing my sweatshirt earlier today, but after it broke 80 I switched to a t-shirt.”  

“That’s hilarious.  So, what are you guys up to?” 

“Let’s see”, she said and paused to consider their recent activities.  “Well, we went bike riding yesterday for about 20 miles then spent the rest of the day relaxing.  Your dad woke up at 4am this morning and went scuba diving at Catalina.  Other than that, we’ve just been putzing around the house.”

“Cool”, I said with a pregnant pause.  “Is dad around?”

“Yeah, let me put you on speaker phone”, she said, fumbling with the speaker mechanism.  “Can you hear me?”

“Yup.”

“Hey Jack”, my dad climbed into the conversation in his usual way.  

“Hey.  What’s up?”

“Not much.”  

We are not like Emma’s family when it comes to conversations and sharing.  We are all reticent and we rarely talk about things other than the superficial, unless we absolutely have to.  My parents grew up in families and in an era when people just didn’t discuss their feelings and they took care of their business on their own.  No one ever asked for help unless every other option was exhausted.  It’s not that asking for help was a weakness, it’s more that doing everything for yourself was an important trait and ability.  Being independent and strong is important in my family.  The emotional, mushy stuff just got in the way of that, I guess.  

However, you always knew everyone loved each other, but only through their actions.  Hugs, kisses, and “I love you’s” were not commonplace, though you knew they were always implied.  It is really strange looking back at our family, especially when you compare us to Emma’s.  There was the same amount of love, but it went mostly unexpressed.  Babies were the exception, for some reason.  But, when you hit a certain age, usually around 7 years old, all of the affection went underground.  Maybe it’s because I’ve gotten used to it, maybe it’s my inherited personality, but I actually prefer it that way.  I will share my feelings however, privately, when it’s appropriate or warranted.  I show and tell Emma how much I love her every day, but it is never just a casual, mindless thing.  When I say it or show it, I feel it and I mean it.   Maybe this is some sort of compensation for the way I was raised, or maybe she just brings it out in me.  When I’m with her, I can’t help myself but to expectorate all of my feelings all over her.  If I didn’t, I think I would explode.  

“Cool”, I said with extreme prejudice.  “Um.  Guess what.”

“What?”, they chimed in a slightly nervous unison.  

“Emma and I are getting married”, I said with the typical measured excitement.

Very brief, infinite pause on the other side.

“That’s great!”, my mom said mostly unconvincingly.  

I knew they might be a bit unsure about me getting married again, no matter to whom I was getting married.  They never liked my first wife and they knew I was making a big mistake when I married her.  Because of this disaster, my judgment had come into question when it came to matters of the heart.  Of course, they tried to like her and they did a great job hiding their disdain for her, but they never came around to actually liking her, for good reason.  In retrospect, they were a hell of a lot more insightful and prescient than I.  I was blinded by stupidity and youth, and I made a huge mistake that I paid for dearly.  

I had long suspected they didn’t like her, but they never said anything overt to indicate how they really felt.  As long as I was happy, they would say nothing.  And, true to form, they never told me how they felt until after we were divorced.  In a rare stretch of vulnerability and openness after the divorce, I told them portions of what went on in the marriage and told them that they should feel free to express their opinions about any future girlfriends before it was too late.  We agreed that they would not let me make another stupid mistake and I would not be hurt by their opinions that might conflict with my feelings at the time.  

“When did you decide that?”, my dad asked, filling the awkward gap.

“Last week”, I said, feeling the uneasiness.  “I asked her on Valentine’s Day”

I don’t know why I didn’t tell them the full, actual, slightly different story.  I think it’s because I felt their trepidation and I just wanted to exit the conversation as soon as possible.  There wasn’t anything wrong with the real story, it just would have taken a while to explain.  Like I said, we don’t share “relationship things” when we talk, so as far as they knew I was dating this girl and things were going well.  Beyond that, they were relatively clueless.  

In reality, I’m not sure if I ever actually asked her to marry me.  It more evolved into an understanding than it was an actual event.  We knew almost as soon as we started dating that we wanted to marry each other and we started talking in the long-term very early into the relationship.  We had non-specific discussions about our wedding and our lives together not more than 3 months after we started dating.  We both just knew it in our hearts and we acted accordingly.  For everyone’s sake and sanity, we waited almost a year to start looking for engagement rings and wedding rings.  Then, in a serendipitous stroke of apropos timing, we found and bought the engagement ring on Valentine’s Day.  So, I never technically “asked” her to marry me on Valentine’s Day, but we were officially engaged on Valentine’s Day.  

“Have you talked about when you will get married?”, my mom asked with continued uneasiness.

“Kind of”, I said.  “We were thinking about sometime in June.”

“This June?”, my mom said, not doing a good job hiding her surprise.

“Yeah.  We don’t see any reason to wait, and I think we can pull it off on that short of notice.  It won’t be a huge wedding, plus we’ll have both of us working on it.”

“That’s pretty quick, isn’t it?”, my dad queried, intimating the hammer coming down.

“I don’t know.  Not really”, I began justifying.  We’ve been dating for almost year and we couldn’t come up with a valid reason to wait.  In our minds, nothing would change in a year and it would only be another year we wouldn’t be married for no real reason.  People get married a lot quicker than that, and we’re anxious to get started on our life.”

Silence.

“Why, what are you thinking?”, I posed the fully-loaded question.

“I don’t know”, mom began.  “It just seems a bit quick.  Don’t you think you should wait a while?”

“For what?”, I asked with the forthcoming answer resounding in my brain.  

“To get to know each other better.  To get to know the kids better.  To make sure you are making the right decision”, she answered with an almost imperceptible hint of sarcasm.  

“So, what are you saying?”, I asked with a modicum of impatience.

“We’re not saying anything”, mom said, back-stepping to mitigate the discomfort.  “We just want to make sure you are positive you are making the right decision.  You told us before that you wanted us to voice our opinions before it was too late and we’re just trying to take it all in.  We were wondering when this would come up and we really don’t know Emma well enough to have a solid opinion of her.  We haven’t even met her yet.  All we know about her is she is 9 years older than you, she has 3 kids, and she is divorced.  Beyond that, she is an unknown.”    

Taking a deep breath I responded, “Okay.  Fair enough.  My first marriage was a sideshow and you probably have reason to be a bit concerned, given that history.  What more do you need to know in order to be comfortable with this?”

“I think we just need to get to know her better”, mom answered, acquiescing to the devolution of the conversation and not wanting to make anyone more uncomfortable than we already were.

“Sounds good”, I said with relief of the conversation winding down.  “I’d love for you to meet her.  I know you’ll love her.  She’s great.  I think you’ll see there is no chance of a repeat performance of my first disaster.”

With a laugh that barely qualified as a laugh, mom said, “I’m sure we’ll love her too, sweetie pie.  We just want to be sure.”

Struck by the awkward silence that followed, mom continued, “Well, we’ll let you go.  It sounds like you have a lot of planning to do.”

“Yeah, we’ll do some brainstorming today and get going on the planning.  Should be fun”.

“Okay then”, dad wrapped-up.  “I guess we’ll talk to you soon.  See ya, Jack.”

“See you guys”.

“See you Jacky Boy”, mom said to end the call.

So, that sucked.

On some level, I’m sure I didn’t expect the call to go any differently.  I deserved all of the concern and uncertainty with which they were reacting.  The news did come out of the blue and I did have a disastrously failed marriage behind me.  And, I did ask them to tell me if I they ever thought I was making another huge mistake.  There were some oddities surrounding our relationship, by their generation’s standards, and they didn’t know much about her.  I completely understood where they were coming from, but that didn’t make it any easier.  I had ignorantly hoped they would do joyful handsprings about the news, but that didn’t happen.

Matter of fact, it got even worse about a week later.  Maybe it was an overreaction to the first marriage, or maybe they had valid concerns, but they wasted no time expressing their skepticism about my nuptial announcement.

I pulled into the garage with that day’s mail on my passenger seat, completely unaware of what lived and breathed among the stack of bullshit bills and circulars.  I walked into the kitchen through the garage, after stepping over the voluminous pile of dirty clothes in the laundry room, deposited my work bag on the counter and started leafing through the mail.  

There it was.  A letter addressed to me in my mom’s handwriting.  “This can’t be good”, I thought with portentous doom.  “It’s not my birthday, it’s not a holiday, and there isn’t any other reason I can think of for her to write me.”  She had sent me cards and letters for no reason in the past, but my gut told me this wasn’t a “just thinking of you” situation.  

I opened the letter inch by inch, almost expecting a malevolent clown to pop out and bonk me on the head with a hammer.  (Vivid imagination, I know.)  Inside was a piece of notepad paper with a letter, hand-written by my mom.

Here’s how it went:

Hi Jacky.

I’ve been thinking about our phone call the other day and there is something I wanted to say.  You told us that you wanted us to tell you if we disagreed with a decision you made, especially if it was about a relationship.  I don’t know Emma that well, so this is not based on anything I know about her personally.  

Your dad and I were talking and we were a little uneasy about your decision to get married again so quickly.  I’m sure Emma is great, but we’re not sure if she is right for you.  First, she is older than you and she has three kids.  Second, she is seems to be a very driven and successful woman.  We have seen a lot of shows and read a lot of articles about older women who marry younger men, and we are concerned.  A lot of older women marry younger men so they can control the relationship, especially when they have their own money.  Women like that are used to getting their way and they take advantage of younger men who they can control.  And, that’s not a good relationship to be in.  

Or, she might be marrying you because she wants you to take care of her and her kids.  I know she has a good job, but she might be seeing you as a way to supplement her income to afford a better lifestyle.  

I don’t know if any of this is true about Emma, but we think you need to be very careful.  We don’t want to see you end up in another bad marriage, or married for the wrong reasons.  

Something to think about.

We’ll talk to you soon.

Love, 

Mom

I don’t remember ever being pissed off at my mom, ever, but I’m pretty sure I was pissed off at her then.  However she meant it, I took it to be a bitch slap right across the face.  I was confused, upset, and ready to call her and tell her how out of line she was.  I couldn’t believe she would say those things about Emma.  She didn’t even know her and here she was classifying her as a money-grubbing, calculating, manipulative witch.  I re-read the letter several times, looking for evidence that I misread it and misunderstood the intent of the message.  I had never heard my mom say anything like this before and I was completely blown away.  Yes, I had asked her to tell me if she was concerned about a decision I was making, but she hadn’t ever actually done it before.  I sensed her concern when we spoke on the phone, but I didn’t expect her to respond like this.  And, I didn’t expect her to imply all of those horrible things about Emma.  I guess my protective instinct kicked in at that point, because all I could think about was defending Emma to my parents.  I wanted to call them up and tell them that they were dead wrong about her and explain to them how and why she was perfect and perfect for me.  I wanted them to tell me I wasn’t making a mistake and that they fully supported my decision.  

At that point, Emma was coming over my house almost every day after work and I expected her to arrive sometime in the next hour.  I spent the first 30 minutes fuming with irritation over the letter.  I spent the next 30 minutes wigging-out about telling her.  How would she take it?  Would she be hurt?  Would she be upset?  Would she have second-thoughts about marrying me?  How that letter affected her was my only concern, and I knew there was nothing I could do to soften it.

After she arrived, it took me about 15 minutes of distracted ruminations to bring up the letter.

“My mom sent me a letter today.”  

“She did?”, Emma said with oblivious happiness for the unexpected letter.  “That’s great.  What did she say?”

Without a word, I handed her the letter and gave her the “read it yourself” nod.  

She knew something was up as she took the letter from me, as evidenced by the “confused dog” tilt of her head and the concern flashing in her eyes.  She took half a breath and started reading.  She read it all the way through without any reaction or response.  It took forever for her to read, either because she read it twice or because she was carefully reading each word for tone and meaning.  Either way, it was painful to stand there and wait for her to finish.  

Looking up from the letter and without hesitation she said, “I completely understand where she is coming from.”

“What??”, I reacted with complete shock.  “What do you mean you understand where she is coming from?  I am so pissed off at her right now.  I want to call her and tell her off.  I can’t believe she would say those things.  How could you not be pissed?”

“Well, after your divorce, you told her you wanted her to tell you when she thought you were making a mistake”, she explained empathically.  “Now you are telling her you are going to marry someone 9 years older than you with 3 kids.  I think I would be concerned if one of my kids told me the same thing.  All she knows about me is whatever you have told her, and it sounds like you haven’t told her all that much.  So, all she has to go on is the little bit you have told her about me, and the rest is up to her imagination.  I can see how she could be this worried and think these things.  I think it’s perfectly normal.  I’m not mad at her at all.  Actually, I’m surprised you are this upset.”

“Are you serious?”, I continued in disbelief.  “You just read a letter about how terrible you are and that it is a mistake to marry you.  How can you not be upset?  I know I am.”

“I think you just need to look at this from her perspective.  She saw what you went through in your first marriage and she doesn’t want to see you get hurt again.  Maybe it’s just a “mom thing”, but I completely understand her concerns.”

“Wow”, I said shaking my head.  “I gotta tell you, I’m totally shocked.  If I were you, I’d be freaking out right now.”

“Well, it’s a good thing I’m not you”, she said with a compassionate smile.  “Why don’t you give it a few days?  Take some time to sit with it and then call her if you still want to.”

“Yeah, that’s probably a better way to go”, I said in admiration of her cool wisdom.  

So, I sat on it for a few days and went over the letter a dozen times, word by word.  I still thought she was out of line, but I completely understood why she wrote the letter.  And, more than that, I could easily forgive her for a well-intentioned letter that came across badly.  I truly believed that she was the greatest mom in the world and she had never done anything to hurt me.  Letting this one go was the right thing to do, and that’s exactly what I did.  When my mom referred to the letter a few weeks later on the phone, I acknowledged her concerns, told her I appreciated the letter, and that she had nothing to worry about.  She had said her peace and she would never mention it again.  After she met Emma, she never had to.  



Chapter Five

Despite the poison of Ted’s words and actions, the kids and I have always got along great.  Sure, there have been days when they absconded to their rooms and seemed to be avoiding Emma and me.  But, for the most part, I could not have hoped for a better relationship with these wonderful kids.  No, they are not perfect, but they come pretty close, especially considering the circumstances.  

I’ve already told you a bit about Chris, now let me tell you about Pete and Bob.  

Bob is the middle child and was 13 years-old when I first met him.  From the beginning, I have been drawn to him in a different way from the other two.  He is has the sweetest heart and kindest disposition of any kid I have ever met.  He is always smiling and treats everyone with deference and sympathy.  He is greatly affected by others’ pain and he appears to actually feel their pain when you watch him.  Almost to a person, he is described as an extremely nice and affable kid who treats people with the utmost respect.  This is “the Pleaser” in him that compels a preference for harmony and peace with everything he does.  He wants to do the right thing and he wants to do well, and he becomes clearly distraught when he makes mistakes.  His heart is one of the many reasons I feel such affection towards him.  I instantly like anyone who is kind-hearted and easy-going, and Bob is exactly that.  

He even looks like a nice kid.  He has these amazingly soft, translucent, sea-blue eyes that suck you in whenever you look at him.  When his hair gets long, he has these wonderful curls that fall down his cheek like a whispering vine and drive the girls wild.  He has a solid, stout frame that creates a naturally muscular appearance with very little extra meat.  He is a bit self-conscious about being or becoming overweight, for no reason other than his dad’s constant pressure to “get in shape” and maniacally persevere to get rid of any fat on your body.  He is not a natural athlete in the traditional sense, but he is great at the non-traditional sports he plays, like skateboarding.  He stays pretty active with his friends, and he definitely knows how to just hang out and do nothing.  

He loves music and movies and spends most of his free time learning to play the guitar.  He shares my preference for hard rock and listens to a lot of the same bands I grew up listening to.  That is another reason I feel such a connection with him.  We can talk for hours about music or we can just listen to music for hours.  I know all of the bands he’s into and he’s always asking me who sings the songs he finds on the internet or the radio.  He likes the same kind of movies I have in my DVD collection and we can talk about funny scenes in the movies we have both seen.  With Bob, there is always something to share or talk about.

Bob’s core personality is nothing like Chris’, although he is definitely starting to act more like him every day.  These are more affectations than they are a natural progression and maturation of his innate being.  He thinks Chris hung the moon and Bob emulates just about everything Chris does.  Normally, that’s not a bad thing, but Chris is in his early 20’s and he is doing things that Bob is far too young to engage in.  As an early teenager, Bob had some trouble distinguishing between the things that are appropriate for him to do and not do.  This landed him in some trouble and took him down an unhealthy path for a kid his age.  I think he started making bad choices because he thought they were cool, fun things to do.  Then, he continued making progressively worse decisions to cope with the pain and confusion of the divorce.  Like I said, Bob feels pain to a much greater degree than most people and he lacked the maturity and strength to reject making bad decisions as a coping mechanism.  It wasn’t long before he was out of control and turned into someone we hardly recognized.  

I may have a checkered past, littered with bad choices, but I was much older than Bob when I started to do the really stupid things.  And, education was always important to me, so I was always near the top of my class.  I never let my bad choices get in the way of my education and my work ethic.  There is no question that I am one of the (blind) lucky ones.  I made it out of my stupid years, alive.  However, I have seen many kids his age, or older, get way too wrapped up in drugs and alcohol and I watched all of their lives go down the shitter.  They are all either dead, brain dead, or miserable.  I know better than anyone that kids who start fucking up at an early age will almost always turn into that grimy burnout you see working bum jobs for shit pay, living in a shack, regretting the decisions they have made.  Having been through everything Bob had started doing, I knew where he was headed and I knew that I couldn’t allow him to go down the shitter like all those other people I knew.  He was far too precious for me to stand on the sidelines and watch it happen, regardless of the irony or hypocrisy.    

And then there is Pete, the youngest of the three.  He was 10 years old when I met him and he has always been an extraordinary person.  He was never much like his brothers, though.  He has this quiet, determined stubbornness that creates an impressive commitment to the things that matter to him.  This means he is a very good student, and very good athlete, and a very good video game player.  But sometimes, this includes holding a grudge for a very long time.  Chris and Bob have never been mad at anyone for more than a few hours.  Pete, on the other hand, has been mad at people for weeks.  His is not a violent anger, but it can be equally troublesome if you are on the wrong side of it.  He has absolutely inherited his dad’s resilient and unforgiving sense of retribution and punishment, but he does it silently and calmly.  Since we have been able to change the custody arrangement where he sees his dad a lot less, he has gotten much better.  He no longer has that wicked streak of indifference and disconnection towards Emma when he is upset with her.  He no longer looks for reasons to hate her.  He no longer filters everything through the “dad hates her so I have to hate her” lens.  With enough time and the right example, I think his will turn into a much more innocuous, even positive, stubbornness that will work in his favor.  If the stubbornness is applied in the right way, he will have the fortitude to do all the hard work required to be successful.  He is an exceptional person and I believe he has the whole world in his hands, if he so chooses.

He is a really cute kid with chocolate brown hair and equally dark brown eyes that he uses to his advantage when trying to soften-up Emma for a favor.  He is the kid that all adults love to tell him how cute he is and that he is going to break a lot of hearts when he gets older.  He is a bit shy and particularly respectful, so I don’t think he will be the dating scam artist he could be if he used his attributes for manipulative purposes.  In most ways, he is a typical kid.  He hangs out with friends as much as possible, he plays video games, he loves sports, he is a slob, he is lazy, and he is always pushing the envelope for what he can get away with.  When he is not angry with Emma, he is incredibly sweet and a lot of fun to be around.

I think Pete has suffered more emotional damage than Bob and Chris when it comes to their dad.  When everything blew up with the divorce, Ted focused most of his attention and manipulation on Pete.  He was the perfect victim for Ted.  He was young, he was impressionable, he was defenseless, he was his dad’s favorite child, and he thought his dad was perfect.  Losing or compromising the relationship with his dad would have been devastating to him, so he did whatever he could to perpetuate the bond they shared.  He vehemently aligned himself with his dad against his mom, he shared his dad’s anger towards his mom, he said all the things his dad wanted to hear, and he learned to never say things that would hurl his dad into a Tasmanian Devil rage.  It gets a little better every day, the more time he spends with us, but a lot of the damage is already done and I think some of it is permanent.  I think Pete will suffer the emotional consequences for his dad’s violence and anger for the rest of his life.  And, I don’t think Pete will ever fully realize how much damage his dad has caused him and I don’t think Pete would ever blame his dad if he did.  But, Pete is strong and I know he will eventually find the courage to find himself and to be himself.  

Now, I think he mostly feels sorry for his dad.  From the beginning, he has been made to feel responsible for his dad’s happiness and I think Pete feels the burden of Ted’s daily misery.  Ted has told Pete many times that he is the only reason he is still alive and that without him, there would be no reason to live.  Think about the weight of that statement.  It’s immeasurable, especially for a kid, and I think it messes with his head every day.  But, from what I can tell, I think Pete is starting to reject his dad’s weakness and manipulation.  I think he puts up with his dad’s tantrums, but I don’t think he internalizes it anymore.  This is a huge step and it makes me so happy to see.  A weaker person would have collapsed under the pressure long ago.  

Like Chris and Bob, Pete went to a very small, private elementary school where he had very few classmates.  At the time, he and his dad were best friends, and he rarely hung out with anyone from school on the weekends.  Remember, Ted was determined to keep all of the kids committed to “the Jenkins Boys”, Pete was young enough to still think his dad was Superman, and he was still naïve enough to believe everything his dad told him.  During this time, Pete loved hanging out with his dad because all they ever did was play.  He never had to do homework, he never had to do any chores, there were never any rules, and he was never grounded.  Being with his dad was like being at Disneyland and Pete loved it.  

One of the many problems with that situation was, Pete never had time to develop his social skills.  He was used to spending all of his time with Ted where the whole world revolved around him and he was able to do whatever he wanted on his own terms.  When he moved into public Middle School, it was a whole different world for which he had no experience or skills.  He went from being over-confident and selfish to timid and obsequious almost overnight.  

Like most boys with older brothers, he looked to Bob as the example of what cool was.  He started to listen to the same music as Bob, he started skateboarding, and he started hanging out with a group of kids who did the same.  Given the trouble Bob was getting into, we were very nervous about Pete’s transformation and lifestyle choices.  However, he was still way too young and unsure of himself to get wrapped up in the same adult choices Bob was making.  Plus, his friends were all good kids, doing well in school, respectful, and making good choices.  So, we became more comfortable with the ways in which he was changing.  

As Pete began Middle School and spent less time with Ted, he let go of most of his anger towards Emma.  Before he started Middle School, he frequently told her that he didn’t love her, that he just wanted to go live with his dad, that he blamed her for breaking up the family, that he blamed her for ruining his life, and that he blamed her for his dad being unhappy.  Basically, he hated her.  As  Pete matured a bit, saw more evidence of what his dad was really like, started socializing more, saw how other divorced parents treated each other, and spent more time with us, he slowly began to morph out of the angry little kid phase.  

As of today, Pete is 12 years old and still won’t tell Emma that he loves her, but I truly believe that is merely the residual effect of Ted’s poison.  I look in his eyes and I do not see any anger towards Emma.  I think he honestly feels love for Emma again, but he can’t admit it for fear of betraying his dad.  I believe he is still afraid of Ted tearing him up if he slips and admits he loves his mother.  But, he’ll grow up and out of that fear, I’m sure (I think).  

Pete has recaptured most of his sweet, innocent, and considerate disposition.  He may have his infrequent flashbacks to saltier times, but for the most part, he is pretty much perfect.  It throws me for a loop sometimes to see his atavism back to the person Emma described to me before I met him.  I think he has found his peace with who his dad is, and I think he has spent enough time with Emma and me to realize the truth about us.  With us, he doesn’t have to pretend about anything.  He can be exactly who he wants to be and we fully support him on whatever he chooses to do.  As long as he does well in school and makes good choices, we are fine with however he decides to live his life.  We don’t give him grief about his hair getting long, or skateboarding, or his “skinny jeans”, or his skateboard clothes, or losing interest in baseball, or any of the other details of his personality.  

Based on the very little Pete says about his dad, it is obvious that Ted does not agree with the changes Pete has made in his life.  To Ted, his kids need to have short hair, they need to be meticulous about the way they look, and they have to play sports.  Nothing else matters to him.  Both Chris and Bob have long-since given up playing sports, so Pete is his last hope.  You see, Ted was a pseudo-baseball star who never matured past his early high school years, and he desperately wants Pete to be the baseball star he never was.  He wants Pete to love baseball as much as he does and he is perfectly willing to apply any amount of pressure necessary to keep Pete playing baseball.  I think a lot of it is about the bond Ted feels with Pete when he plays baseball and he doesn’t want to lose that.  To lose that bond would be a tragedy and it would mean he would have to face the fact that he really has nothing in common with any of his kids beyond genetics.  And, Pete is too scared to tell his dad that he doesn’t want to play baseball anymore.  So, he will continue to play baseball until he finds the nerve to quit, or he finds an adequate excuse to quit that his dad will accept.  

One of my greatest fears before we were married was being able to connect with each of the kids.  Fortunately, my interests and experiences are wide enough where I can appreciate or enjoy each of the kids on their own terms, and many of their interests coincide with mine.  It’s great to feel such a closeness with each one of them, as a stepfather.  There is usually such a great divide between kids and adults anyway.   Then you layer the stepfather thing onto that and you get a little worried about being just distant co-habitants in a foreign land.  I had no idea what being a stepfather would really be like, but these three kids have made it an incredible experience.  I am so lucky the stars aligned and brought such special people into my life.

Before we were married I didn’t spend a lot of time with the kids, mostly because our schedules rarely allowed it.  The little bit of time I did spend with them was great, though.  I never felt the rejection or antipathy I expected.  There was such an overwhelming possibility that they would hate me, or at least ignore me, for so many reasons.  I think it comes down to them being great people and me being someone they could respect and relate to.  

With Pete, we both love sports, we are both younger brothers by 3 years, we share the same childhood “monster under the bed” syndrome, we were both tormented by our older brothers, we are both very sensitive people under a detached façade, we are both naturally very happy people, we are both stubborn, we both play a lot of video games, neither of us minds spending time alone, both of us did well in school, we like a lot of the same music, and we are both slobs.  The list goes on so long, there are many days when I think I could have been his genetic father.  We even look alike.  While looking through some of my scrapbooks when I was his age, I was struck by the recognition that we could have been brothers.  We are so similar in so many ways, I think it freaks him out sometimes.  Maybe he is afraid his dad will find out and will disown him.  I don’t know.  Maybe it’s simply because he is uncomfortable with that depth of connection with anyone other than his dad.  Maybe it’s a bit of both.

Bob and I are connected by our general attitudes and preferences.  We are both hyper-sensitive to the way things affect other people and it pains us to see someone we love, suffer.  I think both of us go way out of our way to not adversely affect the people around us.  To us, there is no greater offense than purposefully hurting someone.  Also, we both have a very quiet wild streak in us.  We aren’t the loud, obnoxious rebels who do crazy things for attention.  We are the clandestine thrill-seekers who you never expect would do certain things.  We do these things partly for the excitement and partly because we don’t want to say “no” to our friends when they are making bad choices.  We crave harmony and we will subordinate our needs and beliefs if it means someone’s feelings might be hurt, even if the issue exists only in our heads.  Both of us know, on some level, that our friends won’t reject us if we “wuss out”, but we just don’t want to deal with the conflict.  

Probably more than anything, we have music in common.  We are both Coo Coo for Cocoa Puffs when it comes to music and it is a significant part of our lives.  (In fact, I am listening to my iPod right now.)  Both of us are almost incessantly either listening to music, searching for music, going to concerts, or talking about music.  And, we both like most of the same music.  My musical repertoire is a bit wider than his, but at his age, I was equally focused on one type of music.  If it wasn’t heavy metal, I wanted no part of it.  I still shake my head and laugh when I hear him cranking some Motley Crue, or Def Leppard, or some other “hair metal” band from the 80’s.  This was the core of my music taste and it pretty much defined me through my middle to late teens.  To Bob, I am a walking encyclopedia of music.  I know this music through and through, and he comes to me several times a week asking me about “a new band” (from the 80’s).  We are both passionate about music, so the bond we share is quite strong.  

Socially speaking, Chris is me at 21 years old.  He splits his time fairly equally between partying and working, and he does both of them pretty hard from what I can tell.  There is very little he won’t try and there is no adventure he won’t go after with vigor.  Chris is far more hyperactive about his adventure-seeking than I ever was, but we both like to push the edge every once in a while.  His friends are more important to him than girls, because he believes there is always another girl around the corner and there is no point in worrying about it.  He openly admits to drinking and getting high, because he doesn’t see anything wrong with it.  To him it’s just a fun, social activity that doesn’t get in the way of his life and isn’t hurting anyone.  This fact worries Emma to death, thinking he is one step away from addiction, just like his dad.  When she gives him grief for it, he just smiles and says, “I know, mom.  Don’t worry about it.”  Although Chris and I don’t spend much time together and we don’t talk very much about things, I still feel a close connection to him.  I love his lust for life and I truly enjoy watching him scream through life with his hair on fire.  

Looking back at these descriptions of the kids, I feel like I was split into three people and they were named Chris, Bob, and Pete.  There is a cosmic serendipity about the connection I feel with them that sometimes trips me out.  What are the odds that I would feel so strongly about three completely different kids, all wrapped up in such an insane situation?  What are the odds that I would get along great with all of them?  I know a lot of stepparents in completely “normal” situations where some or all of the stepkids hate them.  How could I be so lucky to have these three incredible kids as a part of my life?  

There is no question in my mind that it is all because of Emma.  

Only problem is, I wake up every day knowing that it could all disappear in an instant.  The wonderful relationships I have with all of the kids could turn irreparably ugly with one tragically thoughtless statement or one bad reaction.  I could let slip one derisive statement about their dad and they would hate me forever.  Or, I could unknowingly violate my invisible, nebulous, amorphous boundary as a stepdad and compel an immediate excommunication from their family unit.  My inclusion in their family is completely dependent upon how I act every day.  Every day, I have to be perfect.  Every day, I have to filter everything through the projected and potential reactions from the kids.  Before I say or do anything, I have to process the impact on our relationship.  Every minute of every day, I am one moment away from being stoically ostracized from the family I love so dearly.

Of course, if I didn’t care about my relationships with the kids, I could do whatever I wanted.  I could boldly act like the head of the household and force everyone to adapt to my rules, my house, and my world.  I could reprimand them for bad behavior, I could punish them for breaking rules, and I could force them to do what I wanted them to do.  Under normal circumstances, they might expect me to do these things as a father figure and they might even respect me more for it.  But, when you have their biological father telling them to hate me, that they do not have to listen to me, and that they should do whatever they can to subvert my position in their lives, life become a bit more complicated.  

In fact, all of the kids have gone through periods where they actively rejected me and did things to demonstrate their loyalty to their dad.  For example, one day Bob adjusted the lawn mower blades to the lowest setting and completely destroyed a section of our lawn.  He told me that he adjusted the blade setting so he could cut the grass shorter and wouldn’t have to mow the lawn as often.  His eyes and his tone told me he was lying and I knew that he did it for his dad.  Bob had never adjusted the lawn mower blades before that day, partly because I had told him to never adjust the blade height.  I could easily envision Ted telling Bob to ruin our lawn, and that he would drive by our house to make sure he actually did it.  If he didn’t do it, Ted would tear apart Bob for being a traitor.  If he did it, he would confirm his status as one of the Jenkins Boys and gain favor from his dad for participating in the rebellion.  A few days later, my suspicions were confirmed through a friend of a friend to whom Bob admitted doing exactly what I had suspected.  His dad told him to do it and Bob did it for his dad.    

Another time, I was cooking some Macaroni and Cheese on the stove and turned it off when it was done.  While I was finishing up the other dishes for the meal, Bob came by and stood near the stove with a weird look on his face.  He looked like he was up to no good, but I couldn’t tell what was going through his head.  A couple of minutes later, I noticed he had re-ignited the burner and turned it up to “high”.  By the time I noticed it, the Macaroni and Cheese was burnt to ruination and Bob was nowhere to be found.  When I later asked him if he purposely turned on the stove to ruin the Macaroni and Cheese, he denied doing it at all with a crooked smile that told me all I needed to know.  Score another one for the Jenkins Boys.

Pete never did such overt things when he rejected me.  He did it in the traditional ways.  He told me that he didn’t like me, or that I wasn’t his real dad and he didn’t have to listen to me, or that he felt uncomfortable around me for whatever reason, or he just ignored me.  When his brain and the guilt from his dad told him that he needed to put me in my place, he did his best to tear me down and push me far to the outside of the family with cruel and calculated declarations of where his heart resided.  

I can tell you with all the fresh pain of those memories, that there is nothing worse than being rejected by someone you love.  There is nothing worse than dedicating your life to someone, only to have them tell you that they don’t even like you.  Imagine the joy of having these precious boys in your life shit upon, without warning, by the poisonous contamination of their hateful father.  Imagine walking into a room, thinking about how happy you are to be a part of three incredible children’s lives, then being slapped in the face with the feeling that it is all an illusion.  

As much as I like to believe we are all permanent parts of a new family, in reality, I know that I am merely a visiting member of their family.  I have no family of my own in any reliable form.  They are forever bound to each other and their parents in an indestructible bond of genes and blood.  The bond I share with them is forever tenuous and at all times fragile.  I have no preternatural bond that would survive the worst of times.  Mine is a bond of this moment, in a constant state of flux, defined by the situation and the mood.  

When their parents were divorced, their connections remained intact and simply morphed in adaptation to the situation.  If Emma died or if we were to divorce, they would disappear from my life forever.  There is nothing I can do to change this fact.  I can not earn my way into a higher status, no matter what I do.  I will always be the stepdad and I will always be an outsider.  Ted will make sure of that.  

All I can do is the best I can do, every day.  Nothing more.  As the kids get older, things between us may get better, or they may get worse.  Yes, being perfect will certainly help, but it guarantees nothing.  For me, becoming a permanent part of their family is a fantastical chimera that pricks my subconscious heart every once in a while and teases me with the impossible possibility that someday I will become more than just a stepdad.  

I know that I can never replace their real dad and I would never attempt to do so, no matter how violently toxic he is.  I know I will never achieve a bond with them that deigns to rival the bond they have with their real dad.  I know I will always be an outsider in their lives and in their hearts.  I know I should just appreciate whatever unspoken morsels of love they throw my way in moments of weakness.  I know I should just enjoy the time I have with them, instead of wishing for more.  I know.  It’s just tough.


Chapter Six

“So, what do you think about this Phillip Hauser guy?”, I asked over the mellifluous tones of Leigh Ann Rimes singing one of the songs on the “I love you” CD I burned for Emma, as we drove west on Route 40 under the unseasonably hot April sun with the top down on my royal blue Volvo convertible.  I never thought I’d be “one of those guys” who records a mixed tape/CD for their girlfriend.  Especially beyond the age of fifteen.  It seems so goofy and so unlike me.  But, the more in love with Emma I became, the more love songs I heard running through my head and the more I felt like I had to get them all in one place.  It started out as something I was doing for myself, never intending to give it to her.  I was going to keep it as my dark little secret that I shared with no one and played it in the secrecy of my car whenever the mood hit me.  I was so moved by the music and the lyrics of the songs on the CD, I wanted to share it with her so she could listen to other people sing about the things I was feeling for her.  Emma melted me and turned me into a preposterous romantic who did stupid things in the name of love.  At first, I resisted the urge to be an idiot, but I realized at some point how good it felt to let myself feel these things and give myself to these feelings, completely.  I wanted to give my entire self and my whole heart to her and I wanted to experience all of the wicked highs and lows of it all.  I wanted to hold nothing back and I wanted her to know how I felt about her at all times.  I didn’t want a minute of any day to pass with her not knowing how much I loved her and appreciated her, even when I wasn’t with her.  

“I don’t know much more about him than you.  All I know is, he’s the minister at the First Baptist Church in Asheville and he seems like a really nice guy.  We only spoke on the phone for a few minutes, so we didn’t have a chance to get to know each other very well.  I am very optimistic about him, though.  He doesn’t seem to have that judgmental edge to him like most Baptist ministers.  Partly because of the fact that he’s willing to marry us at all.”

“So, you don’t think the average Baptist minister would agree to marry us?”, I said to make a playful stab at the incredible wrongness of this attitude and dogma.  

“Uh, no”, she said with a smile, knowing exactly where I was going with that statement.  

I was feeling supremely beatific and impervious to the judgment of her church, and I enjoyed arguing about the inconsistencies between my philosophies and attitudes versus most religions in the world.  I don’t agree with a lot of the hypocrisy and rigidity of what I perceive among most religions, and I love to argue, which leads to some interesting conversations between Emma and me.  When I listen to religious figure-heads and zealots talk about what they believe to be the Absolute Truth, I cringe with skepticism and I am compelled to point out what I believe to be insanities.  Not much of what I’ve read or heard about most religions makes much sense to me.  I can’t reconcile the horrific things that have been done in the name of religion over the centuries, with what they say they believe.  Most religions talk about tolerance and peace, but the zealots have no problem condemning or killing people who do not believe what they believe.  How can anyone have faith in a religion that says you will go to heaven if you give your life to Jesus, despite anything you have done in your life?  By that logic, you can murder and rape thousands of people throughout your life, then give your life to Jesus on your deathbed, and you go to heaven.  While, I could live the most perfect, peaceful, generous, selfless life and I’m going to Hell because I didn’t give my life to Jesus.  On what planet does that make sense?  I can’t even begin to consider following or having faith in a religion or a god that espouses this attitude.  I know the zealots can justify and explain this fact ad nauseum, but it just crawls all over me.  I can not align myself with any religion, faith, or philosophy that absolves the most destructive monsters on the planet, as long as they give their life to Jesus before they die.  I would much rather live the best life I can, consistent with how most religious texts say I should live my life, than follow the inconsistent, contradictory teachings of men proclaiming to know The Truth.  

When I think of the words and actions of the multitude of purportedly pious people I have come across in my life, I have to shake my head in disbelief.  I have never felt so much judgment and condescension as when I come across some of these people.  So many of them conduct their lives in diametric opposition to the way their religions tell them to live their lives, without a hint of recognition of the irony of their actions.  They have the nerve to look down on people who don’t agree with them or, they resolve to convince them that they are horrible people who will burn in Hell unless they can be “saved”.   To these people, religion and faith seem to be a compensatory method to feel superior to other people, rather than a path to enlightenment and salvation.  These people seem to need religion, any religion, to give their lives meaning.  If God did not exist, people like this certainly would have invented one, to paraphrase Nietzsche.      

Not only that, but so many religious people have the arrogance to believe that their God is the only God and their religion is the only religion.  Across the globe, so many people believe they are correct and every other religion is wrong.  But their religious affiliation is almost always based on where they were born and to whom they were born, so how could they be so blind to mindlessly accept the mandate of their geography or their family?  Why can’t we live in Rodney King’s world where we all just get along?  Why do all religions have to be mutually exclusive?  They all seem to be saying the same thing, just in a slightly different way.  Why do people hate each other because of details, interpretations, and nuances?

Part of my issue is, I don’t think there is anything rational about religion or faith, in any way.  And that drives me nuts.  But, I guess anyone with faith would agree with that.  Faith is not rational, by definition.  I just hate to see faith distorted and used to cut people off at the knees.  

When I look at some people and the way they talk about their faith, religion seems to be a powerful opiate for spiritually brainwashing and blackmailing the weak.  No, not everyone who follows a religion is weak.  That is definitely not my point.  But there are religious people I would consider weak and appear to profess piety because of a weak constitution or a weak moment rather than sublime faith.  From what I can see, there are two versions of “the weak” to which I am referring.  The first are the people who turn to religion and God only in times of weakness when they need a crutch to survive a particularly bad decision.  This occurs when someone does something terrible and they need someone or something to absolve them of the guilt.  So, they ask God for forgiveness and then they walk away from God when the guilt has abated.  These people act as though they can do whatever they want as long as they ask God for forgiveness and say they have given their lives to the icon of their faith.  These people seem to use religion only at their convenience and to continue acting badly without ethereal castigation.  Because of their misguided interpretation of the purpose of religion, they use religion for selfish reasons, instead of what I believe religions were created to do.  This does not support my idea of what religion and faith is all about.  I have a problem with people who turn to religion only when it is convenient for them or out of weakness, rather than honest faith.  I guess I think people should have faith for the “right” reasons, or not at all.

The second version of “the weak” are those who are preyed upon by the zealots in times of weakness.  These are the people who are in extreme and disastrous situations with the complete absence of hope.  When they are at their most vulnerable point, someone comes along and tells them that if they devote their life to a particular religion, God will deliver them from the horrible situation.  The zealots convince the downtrodden that their lives are miserable because they don’t follow the right religion or they don’t follow any religion.  And, if they serve the Lord in the proper and prescribed fashion, their lives will change overnight.  People who have no hope are ideal targets for someone with a promise to make everything better.  All they have to do is believe.  If your entire life is a disaster, why wouldn’t you latch on to a possible panacea for your soul and your terrestrial life?  It’s like being terminally ill and someone comes to you with an experimental drug and a promise for complete recovery.  When you have no hope, you will do anything so save yourself from misery.  I went to a Benny Hinn revival in Albuquerque and this is exactly what he was doing.  He was preying upon the weak, looking for victims rather than cohorts.   

When “the weak” take advantage of religion or are taken advantage of by religion, I tend to over-react and cast dispersions on the entirety of religion.  I appreciate the intent of religion, but when it manifests itself in such disingenuous and pernicious ways, I take a long step backwards and away from the whole thing and shake my head in disgust.  Show me someone with an honest faith and an honest commitment to that faith, without judgments or ulterior motives, and I’ll show you someone I can respect.  It’s just tragic that this type of person is such a rarity, or I don’t even notice them, and that I have lost so much faith in faith.  

And, what about the religious texts that were written by men who claimed to be transcribing the word of God?  We are supposed to believe that God actually talked directly to these people and told them what to write down.  Then, you have all the stories, allegories, and fables that go along with the “words of God”.  Whether based on fact, conjecture, or fantasy we are supposed to believe that the stories and teachings in these texts actually happened.  Obviously (to me), these stories are nothing more than man-made “evidence” that God really does exist and elucidations on why we should all believe all the “evidence” is true.  As if these “miracles” really happened and God needed to make a point to prove he exists and wanted everyone to worship him.  For that matter, I could have written a bible and accomplished the same thing.  Wait, didn’t L. Ron Hubbard do that?  And, isn’t it possible that the people who wrote the biblical texts were the L. Ron Hubbards from a couple thousand years ago?  Might they not all be charlatans with diabolical or ironical ulterior motives?

Then, you have the self-anointed traveling the world trying to convince, cajole, or threaten everyone else into believing their version of The Truth.  The zealots are so well-versed in the details of their religion that they can rationalize anything and everything through quotes and interpretations of the text.  And, when they can’t rationalize their way through an explanation, they just say you have to have faith.   In the end, if you refuse to convert and give your life to their version of The Truth, well, you’re just going to burn in Hell.  That doesn’t sound like any God or religion I want to associate with.  

What really blows me away about the zealots is that they actually believe that God really cares about the daily inanities of our lives.  They believe God watches over all of us and controls every detail of what happens in our lives.  When you score a touchdown, it’s God’s will.  Get a raise at work, it’s God’s will.  Find your keys in the refrigerator, it’s God’s will.  We can all thank God for all the good things that happen to us.  But we can not blame God for all the bad things that happen to us.  No, no.  We can’t do that, because these bad things are merely ways in which God tests us for our own good.  He unleashes plagues, natural disasters, and mass murderers on us to test our faith.  He’s not trying to be mean, he’s just testing us.  So, you can thank God for all the good things in your life, but don’t blame him for being a drug-addicted psychopath who lives in Shanty Town among the lepers and pariahs.  

Despite what you may think, I’m not a complete heathen without faith or spirituality.  I don’t hate God, I don’t disbelieve in the existence of God, and I don’t think faith in a Supreme Being is stupid.  I just approach it from a different direction.  There are the rare few among the religious folks I have come across who would agree that my version of faith is completely compatible with what most religions teach.  We mostly argue about the details.  If you extract the bibles, diatribes, and atrocities from religion I think I could find some common ground with those who would condemn me to eternal damnation.  I believe there is a Supreme Being, but I believe this entity lives inside all of us.  I don’t think he/she/it is a personified mass of omnipotence that controls every detail of the world.  And, I don’t think anyone has to profess their servitude to this “God” in order to avoid infinite torture.  I don’t think God is a vengeful entity that has set us all up for failure.  I think God is man in his perfect state and we are unable to understand what that looks like, as humans.  Being enlightened or “with God” is the only way to achieve this understanding and I think we should all strive for that.  Almost no one achieves this state as a sentient human, but I think we all achieve this state when we die.  I think that when we die, we dissipate into the universe and become a part of it on a level of consciousness we can not perceive as humans.  In essence, when we die, we become a part of God.  

But, I’m sure I’m wrong.  And, like everyone else, I’m just trying to make sense of it all.  When it comes down to it, no one knows anything.  When we all admit that, maybe we can start living the lives our God would want for us.  

It just bothers me to hear so much fear associated with people’s faith, instead of love.  It seems that so many people believe in God and follow a particular religion because of the fear they have of being punished by God.  However you want to define God, I don’t think he/she/it is out to punish anyone for any reason.  How could anyone believe that “God is Love”, “God forgives everyone”, and “you are going to Hell if you don’t give your life to Jesus”?  In what universe are these statements congruous?  Call me stupid, call me arrogant, call me an asshole, or call me enlightened.  Whatever you do, just don’t try to convince me that you have access to the Absolute Truth and I am going to Hell if I don’t agree with you, unless you are looking for a pointless argument.  

If there is a God, a heaven, and some version of a final judgment I want it all to be based on how we live our lives, not unsubstantiated proclamations and fear.  And, this was one of the reasons most Baptist ministers would not marry us.  Because I don’t believe what they believe.  That just sounds nuts to me.  

“So, what do I say when the minister asks me if I have accepted Jesus as my personal savior?”

“You tell him the truth and hope he doesn’t kick us out of the room”, Emma responded half-laughing, half-worried.  “Just don’t get into an argument about religion.  Maybe you try to focus on the spiritual aspect of religion and avoid the details of religion you disagree with.”

“I think I can do that”

“Look, I know you have a problem with religion, but it’s important to me that we get married in the Baptist Church.  Phillip may be our only hope for that, so please don’t blow it on purpose.”

“Well, I can certainly try to avoid making any inflammatory statements and I think I am intelligent enough to circumnavigate any topics that my get us in the ditch.  I know this is important to you, and I promise not to say anything stupid.”

“Is that really something you can promise?”, she said with a laugh and a smile. 

“Oh, a wise guy, huh?  You think you’re pretty funny, don’t you?”

“Yeah, I think I’m pretty funny.  Don’t you agree?”

“You’re a little funny.  I’m not sure you’ve reached ‘pretty funny’ yet.”

“Just keep it in the road.  I don’t want to be forced to call off the wedding because you couldn’t hold your tongue.”

“Don’t you worry about me, missy.  You just concentrate on you, and we’ll be fine.”

We pulled into the empty First Baptist Church parking lot and stepped out into the 90 degree Saturday heat with nervous excitement.  This was our first of three marriage counseling sessions with the minister, Phillip Hauser, and we had no idea how this was going to go.  Emma had all the preconceptions attached to every Southern Baptist minister she had met throughout her life and I had all the preconceptions of a heathen and a skeptic attached to every hyper-religious person I had met throughout my life.  We were both quite concerned about this meeting, for different reasons.  As it turns out, we had nothing to worry about.

We stepped through the doorway of the church classroom, with my arm around Emma, as Phillip rose to greet us.

“Hi”, I said, extending my hand.  “Jack Fisher.  This is my fiancée, Emma.  

“Well hello.  How y’all doing today?  It’s a hot one out there.  Are you keeping cool?”

“Well, it’s definitely hot outside, but it’s comfortable in here”, Emma replied happily.

Phillip was a young guy, about my age, and had a way about him that instantly put us at ease.  Even I was immediately comfortable with him.  I saw no judgment in his eyes and I could feel his genuine, kind heart through his presence and mannerisms.  He didn’t come close to the archetypal Southern Baptist minister I had in my mind.  He was a bit of a maverick in the Baptist church, which definitely scored points with me.  He did not believe that God is an intolerant, judgmental entity that rejected people because of the way they lived their lives.  He believed that God welcomes all people and all people should have the right to worship God in their own way, regardless of past mistakes and misfortunes.  The fact that both Emma and I were divorced did not bother Phillip in the least, as it would most other ministers or priests.  He also encouraged debate about the teachings in the bible.  He believed that everything about it is open for discussion and he was extremely well-versed in most of the other major religions.  So, nothing he said was coming from a myopic perspective that rejected what the rest of the world had to say about religion.  What he believed and what he preached came from his well-considered belief about God and how God wanted people to live their lives.  He was not out to force anyone to believe exactly what he believed.  He merely wanted everyone to engage in the debate and figure out what version of truth they wanted to believe, in the context of some type of higher power.  More than anything, he wanted people to enjoy the peace and love he associated with God, and I completely respected him for that.  

“Did you have any trouble finding us?”

“No, not at all”, I said, reflecting on my superior navigational skills.  “The directions we had were perfect.”

“Great.  Well, why don’t we get started?  I’m sure you have a lot to do while you are here in Asheville and I don’t want to keep you too long.”

“Yeah, we’re meeting with the wedding planner at the Grove Park as soon as we’re done here”, Emma said with the uneasiness of keeping the schedule and accomplishing everything on the list.  “But, we have plenty of time, so we don’t need to rush.”

“Okay then.  I have a few forms for you to fill out before we get started.  It’s just some basic information about you, your faith, and your expectations.  It shouldn’t take more than fifteen minutes.  So, go ahead and get started on that, and I’ll take care of a few things while you’re doing that.  Can I get you something to drink?”

“I’d love a water”, I said, feeling my parched throat start to nag me.

“Me too.  I’d love a water as well, please.”

“Alright.  I’ll be back in a minute with your water”, Phillip said with a genuine smile and walked out of the room.

“He is so nice”, Emma effused in a whisper after he moved beyond earshot.  “He’s nothing like I expected.  I didn’t expect him to be mean or anything, but he doesn’t fit the picture I had in my head.  I expected him to be much older and maybe a bit stuffy.” 

“I know, me too.  I don’t think this will be nearly as bad as I thought it would be.”

“If you can make it through this session without making him mad, I think we’ll be okay.”

“Relax”, I grinned.  “I’ll be fine.  Now, what are these forms we have to fill out?”

We both perused the document for potentially problematic questions and then looked at each other with a nondescript shrug to connect our assessment of the seemingly innocuous questionnaire.  

“Doesn’t look too bad”, I said, expecting something much worse.  “I think we can get through this without upsetting God or Phillip.”

“We’ll see.”

Phillip came back in the room ten minutes later with our water, ready to start the discussion.

“All set?”, he asked.  

“Yeah, we’re ready”, Emma agreed.

“Okay, let me take a quick look at how you answered these questions.”  After a few silent minutes, Phillip said, “Emma, it looks like you have three kids from your first marriage.  Chris, Bob, and Pete.  How old are they?”

“They are 10, 13, and 20.”

“Mm hmm.  And, Jack, what do you think about Emma having three kids?”

“I don’t have a problem with it.  I guess I wish we could have been married twenty years ago and they were our kids, but other than that, I think they are all great kids and I have no worries at all.”

“Do you plan to participate in raising them, or do you plan to leave that to Emma and her ex-husband?”

“I definitely plan on being as involved as possible.  I’m just not sure how involved I can be or how involved I am allowed to be.  Most of the books and articles I’ve read say that the stepdad needs to stay in the background and focus on building a healthy relationship with the kids.  They say that stepparents should not attempt to act like a real parent, either ever, or until a very solid foundation has been built with the kids… after at least five years.  They say the conversations about discipline, punishment, and behavior need to be handled by the biological parent, not the stepparent.  But, the general message seems to be pretty clear.  I need to concern myself with getting along with the kids, not acting like their real parent.  Whenever the stepparent attempts to act like the biological parent, it seems like you are asking for trouble.  I can’t say I disagree with this advice, but it’s not easy for me to accept.  I want to be involved with the kids at every level, not just as a friend.  It feels like a cop-out to let Emma continue being the bad guy.  She has had to be the bad guy who did all the unpleasant things for the past twenty years and that’s just not fair to her.  She has never had the luxury of sharing responsibility for the parental decisions and I want the kids to know that we are together on all decisions that affect them.  I don’t know.  What do you think?”

“Well, there are a multitude of opinions on this subject,” Phillip considered aloud.  “I personally believe that you don’t have to be invisible when it comes to the parental duties.  I do believe you do not want to be the face of the discipline, however.  I think it’s important for you to be there when discussing behavior issues with the kids, but I’d recommend the message coming from Emma.  You just don’t want to open yourself up as the mean stepdad who barges into their lives and acts like a tyrant.  Perception is all that matters here and you want to make sure the kids know you and Emma are united on all decisions, but you don’t want them to think you are trying to act like their father.  It’ll be a tricky dance for a while and the kids will push all of your buttons and boundaries.  It is very important that you come across as one united voice to the kids.  If you don’t want Emma to be the bad guy anymore, then let her deliver the message, but also let the kids know that you discussed the situation together and you are both in agreement.  Does that sound reasonable?”

“Yes, I think that’s a good compromise.  I really don’t want to get into the ‘you aren’t my real dad’ disaster.  I think we’ll have to play a lot of it by ear and make adjustments as we go.  What do you think, Emma?”

“I agree.  I don’t want you and the kids to be in a battle for control from the beginning, and I want you to be as involved as you want to be.  I want to share the parenting experience with you, but I don’t want to set us up for failure, either.  I think this is a good compromise.”

“Okay then,” Phillip continued.  “There is a lot of information out there, and I would suggest you read as much as possible about stepparenting.  I think you’ll find there is not one magical solution.  You will have to try out different approaches and figure out what works best for you.  I’m sure you will come across some challenges and situations that won’t be in any book, so it would be in your best interest to have as much information as possible and go in with your eyes wide open.”

“Well, at least it will be interesting”, I said to Emma.

“Yeah, that’s for sure.”

“Now, what about your values?  Have you talked about what values are important to each of you and how they fit together?”

“A little bit”, Emma said, knowing we never got too deep into any sort of “values” conversation.

“That’s normal, so don’t be too worried.  But, you’ll have to have this conversation in the near future.  You’ll need to make sure you address all the important and difficult topics.  You don’t want to get married, then discover your values do not align.  That is a recipe for disaster.”  

“Well, we’ve talked about a lot of things, and I’m not sure if there is an important topic that we haven’t broached.  Can you take us through a list of things we need to discuss?”

Emma looked at Phillip with nervous anticipation of something we hadn’t thought about or discussed.

“Well, all of the things about kids need to be discussed.  Do you want to have more kids?  How do you plan on raising the three kids you have now?  What kind of behavioral expectations do you have for each of them?  That kind of thing.  Then you can talk about religion, of course.  Do you plan to go to church?  If yes, then how often?  Will you live your lives and raise the children according to the Baptist faith?  What role will your faith play in your home?  Then, there is the money issue.  Will you both work?  Who will be in charge of the money?  Will you have separate bank accounts?  How will you decide on major purchases?  What is your plan on saving for the future?  I think if you focus on these three subjects, most of the issues around your values as they apply to other areas in your lives, will come out.  Does that make sense?”

“Yes.  That makes perfect sense”, I said and nodded in agreement.  

“We’ll address some or most of these issues in our sessions together, but you’ll want to discuss them when you get home, as well.  We won’t have time to get really deep into any of these issues, and you’ll want to make sure you fully explore them before June 18th.  Like I said, you don’t want to wait until after you are married to have these discussions.  Some of them could be deal-breakers.”

During our first hour and a half session with Phillip, we rarely discussed the specifics of religion or faith.  The conversation was focused mostly on marriage and relationships in general, with only peripheral consideration for the religious part of it.  Phillip was not there to judge our piety.  He was there to guide us through the process of deeply considering what we were about to do and the reality of being married.  During these sessions and our follow-up conversations, we discovered we were in complete synchronicity about almost every subject.  

Although we would never be completely aligned on the religion and faith thing, we found it very easy to accommodate each other’s beliefs.  I was perfectly willing to accept Emma’s religious beliefs and she was perfectly willing to not try to convert me.  As long as she wasn’t thinking we would become model Southern Baptists with our entire lives revolving around it, I was fine with having religion in my life.  I would go to church and I would mirror Emma’s beliefs with the kids.  Emma wanted to raise the kids Baptist and there was no way I was going to challenge her on it.  Partly because there wasn’t something else I wanted them to believe in, and mostly because it was important to her.  She wanted the kids to accept and follow her faith, and she didn’t expect them to be hardcore about it.  I could easily live with that.  Emma and the kids following the word of God was not a problem for me.  And, as long as I wasn’t acrimonious about my beliefs, Emma could live with my lack of faith.  

As we sat there with Phillip discussing the intricacies of marriage, kids, responsibilities, and commitment, I was intermittently overwhelmed with bliss and astonishment about my incredible luck of falling in love with such an incredible person.  There was no person on the planet as perfect as Emma, as far as I was concerned.  If I had the power to construct my ideal mate like the two kids in the Weird Science movie, I would end up with Emma laying on my laboratory gurney.  Throughout the conversation, my mind wandered to visions of our lives together, so in love and ridiculously happy at every turn.  I couldn’t imagine us ever arguing about anything or ever hurting each other.

Okay, so maybe I was a bit clueless and unrealistic at the time, but I was in love.  What do you want from me?  Obviously, the euphoria of the marriage was clouding my vision of the future and did not even consider the possibility of reality and real life smacking us in the face at any point in our lives.  To me, we were extra-human and we would never fall prey to the trappings of human life.  We weren’t like everyone else and we wouldn’t end up like them.  Forget about the irony of two divorces between us.  Those were just two huge mistakes for which we both paid dearly.  In our minds, those mistakes would not be repeated and we were completely different people now.  The idiots who chose to marry those other idiots were dead.  We were born-again omniscient and we knew exactly what we were doing this time.  We had searched our souls and chosen the perfect mates, or God had brought us together, whichever version you choose to believe.  Either way, we somehow found each other and we were going to live the happiest lives two people had ever lived with our freshly-blended family.  However imperfect we eventually realized we were, it never came close to rivaling the perfection of our marriage to each other.  

Feel free to roll your eyes here.  

The three marriage counseling sessions with Phillip filled me with even more confidence in our marriage and even more love for Emma.  Even the disagreements we had in these sessions didn’t seem like disagreements.  They seemed more like different ways to look at things, neither one being right or wrong.  

I was so ready to marry this perfect girl and I couldn’t wait to announce my commitment to her, to the world.  

We walked out of our first session with Phillip, glowing.  We were floating on a wave of love that ebbed and flowed between us like gentle rays of sunset shimmering off of the conspiring tides.  Nothing in this world mattered, because we had found each other and we were getting married.  

“That was good”, I said with elements of surprise in my tone.  

“Yes, it was.  I really like Phillip.  He is the perfect person to preside over our wedding.  We couldn’t have been luckier, finding him so blindly.  He was just a guy in a church I found on the internet and he turned out to be the exact minister I was hoping for.  We are so blessed.”

“I don’t know about blessed”, I chided my bride-to-be.  “If nothing else, we’re certainly lucky as hell.”

Looking at her watch, Emma said, “We still have thirty minutes before we need to meet Ethel at the Grove Park.  Do you want to go wait in the lobby, or do you want to drive around downtown for a while?”

“I just want to get there.  I hate being late and it’s not worth the few minutes of driving around aimlessly.”

“Okay.  Let’s go then.”

We silently drove the four miles to the Grove Park Inn with shit-eating grins on our faces, soaking in the mid-day sun and basking in the thoughts of our pending nuptials.  This was another perfect day in our perfect lives together and we were enjoying it thoroughly.  Meeting Ethel for the first time had none of the angst and stress most people experience during the planning stages of a wedding.  We knew exactly what we wanted and we completely believed that we would have the exact wedding we both pictured in our heads.  Neither of us had any of the pre-wedding jitters in our stomachs as this all of a sudden became very real.  We had no question in our hearts that we were meant to be married and that this was the place where we were meant to be married.  

As we drove up to the brown-gray cobblestone façade and muted-orange Spanish tile roof of the Grove Park Inn, we struggled to believe what we were seeing.  It looked like an unimaginable place that existed only in the exaggerated imaginations of braggarts.  Only, this place was real and it was truly took our breath away.

We stopped our car at the front entrance to be immediately greeted by a dashing young man in a black suit with elongated coattails and a proper top hat, escorting us out of our car and into the lobby area.  Our car and our luggage were of no concern to us anymore, as they were now in the hands of two other sartorially dapper employees of the hotel.   The doors to the hotel were enthusiastically opened by two more gentlemen, introducing us to the massive Great Room that housed the ghosts of glorious travelers for the past ninety-two years.  It felt like we had walked through the doors of time and landed somewhere in the 1920’s with the visceral feel of a very different era.  We were walking into a fantasy and we couldn’t have been happier.  

To make it even more nauseatingly perfect, it has a fascinating history that perfectly complements the vision to which we were witness.

To quote their website, 

“The Grove Park Inn was built from granite boulders hewn from the Sunset Mountain and opened in 1913.  At its opening dinner, William Jennings Bryan declared that it had been ‘built for the ages.’  In the decades since it has become one of the South’s most famous and venerable resorts.
The hotel was the vision of E.W. Grove, a St. Louis entrepreneur who made his millions in the 1890s peddling an elixir called Grove’s Tasteless Chill Tonic.  For his Inn, he envisioned a hotel that would be like ‘a big home where every modern convenience could be found, but with all the old-fashioned qualities of genuineness with no sham.’
Modeled after the grand old railway hotels of the West, the Inn was built from a sketch made by Grove’s son-in-law, the enterprising Fred Seely (who would become its first general manager).  It took a crew of 400 men only 12 months to build the majestic landmark, dragging hundreds of tons of boulders up the mountainside with the aid of teams of mules, ropes and pulleys, wagons and a lone steam shovel.
During the summers of 1935 and ’36, author F. Scott Fitzgerald resided in our Room 441.  He’s just one of the American luminaries to have stayed here, a list that includes Harry Houdini, Will Rogers, George Gershwin, Thomas Edison, Eleanor Roosevelt and Henry Ford. Not to mention eight presidents — from Woodrow Wilson to George Bush.”

Whatever picture you have in your head right now, multiply its beauty by 100 and you’ll start to understand how incredible this place is.  We chose this location for our wedding, partly because of the description and partly because we thought it would be a place to which we would want to return for many years to come.  We have been back there for each of our two anniversaries with an evergreen plan to return every year hereafter.  

As we completed the check-in process for our overnight stay, the desk clerk directed us over to the Information desk to assist us in tracking down the hotel wedding planner, Ethel.

“May I help you?”, spoke the lady at the dark oak, axe-hewn desk marked “Information”.

“Hi, we’re here to see Ethel about planning our wedding”, I responded, feeling giddy.  

“Just a moment and I’ll let her know you are here.”

As we turned away from the desk to absorb the nuances of the environment, Emma said, “Wow.  This place is incredible.  The website did not come close to doing it justice.  I love it, don’t you?”

“Absolutely.  I just can’t believe it.  It is so perfect.  I don’t think we could have picked a more perfect place to get married.  Did you see the terrace through those doors?”, I said pointing to the back of the Great Room.  “It looks like it has a perfect view of the mountains and the golf course.  I bet it would look beautiful with a sunset behind it.  I wonder if we can get married there.”

“I think there are like five terraces around the hotel.  That might not even be the nicest.  I can’t wait to see the other terraces.”

“So, you definitely want to get married outside?  You don’t want to even think about something inside?”

“Well, before we got here, I was pretty sure.  Now, I’m positive.”

“What if it rains?  We’ll at least need a contingency plan.”

“Let’s ask Ethel what our options are and see what we can do.  Unless there is a major downpour, I want to have the ceremony and the reception on one of the terraces overlooking the mountains.”

“Sounds good to me”, I said, wrapping my arms around her and kissing her on the top of her soft blonde hair, smelling the remnants of her intoxicating shampoo, wondering how she always smells so good.  

“This is going to be great”, she said as Ethel walked up to us and introduced herself.

“Are you Jack and Emma?”, Ethel asked with a warm smile and extended hand.

“Yes we are.  Glad to meet you”, I mirrored her warmth.

“Okay”, she said turning towards a door behind her.  “Let’s go back to my office and we can get started.”

We instinctively held each other’s hand and followed Ethel through the lobby and back into the bowels of the blasé non-guest area that betrayed the pervasive elegance of the hotel.  We walked down an aisle of soiled carpet, past several messy desks and dilapidated pieces of purely functional furniture, towards her non-descript office that more belonged in the milieu of a failing business than a fantastical resort.  Ethel maneuvered through the tight squeeze of her furniture and demurely sat behind her angry newspaper editor desk and invited us to have a seat in the well-worn and mostly uncomfortable chairs across from her.

“Why don’t we start from the beginning”, Ethel said, shuffling through the papers of her planning templates.  “Do you have a location in mind?  Or, would you like to go through the options?”

Emma jumped right in and said, “We want to get married outside on one of the terraces.  I’m not sure where we can have the reception, but we’d like to have it in the same location as the ceremony.  Do you have something like that?”

“We can do just about anything you like.  We have five terraces and all of them should be big enough to accommodate the reception as well, depending on how many guests you expect.  How many people are you planning to invite?”

“I think the guest list is around 120 right now and we’re expecting about ninety to accept.  Will all of your terraces fit that many people?”, Emma asked with casual hope.

“Yes, that shouldn’t be a problem.  Most of the terraces have enough space for at least 150 people.  Do you have a preference for any one of the terraces?”

“We haven’t had a chance to see all of them, but the one we did see through the back of the Great Room looked like a perfect option.”

Emma agreed, “Yes, that one did look perfect.  Is it available?”

“I’ll have to check the calendar for availability.  After we’re done here, why don’t we take a walk around the hotel so you can be sure that is the terrace you want?  Then, we can check availability.  Is that okay with you?”  

“That’s fine”, I consented, convinced we would not find a terrace we preferred over the one we saw first.  

“I know you want to have the ceremony and the reception outside, but I highly recommend a contingency plan in case it rains.  You don’t want to get stuck without any options if the weather doesn’t cooperate.  I’ve had a couple of weddings over the years that didn’t plan for rain and we had to scramble around the hotel for options at the last minute.  It was very stressful and I wouldn’t recommend it.  You don’t want to have to worry about what you’ll do if it rains, the day of your wedding.”

“I think that’s a good idea”, I said, feeling the footsteps of the jinx approaching Ethel’s office.  “I don’t want to be stuck without a back-up plan if it rains.”

Emma’s face turned pallid as she considered the impact of the potential disaster.  “What are the inside options?  I don’t want to get married in a drab, dreadful conference room like we’re at a business meeting.”

“Well”, Ethel hesitated uncomfortably.  “I don’t think the inside options will be exactly what you want, but they are all we have.  We might be able to come up with some options as we walk around the hotel.  We might be able to block off one of the corridors or gathering areas that are a little nicer than the banquet rooms.”

Emma silently gulped and squeezed my hand a little tighter with the fear of her wedding exploding all over the universe.  She immediately felt the stress of worrying about the rain and the unacceptable alternatives.  “Well, we can agree on an alternate location, but I want to plan everything for an outside wedding.”

Knowing now was not the time to push Emma into even considering the worst-case scenario, Ethel agreed with her and diverted the conversation to the details that would not be affected by rain.

“We can do that.  For now, let’s start out with the menu.  What are you thinking about the rehearsal dinner and the reception?”

“Well, we want to get married around sunset, which would be after dinner.  So, the reception would be mostly hors d’ oeuvres and desserts.”

“And an open bar”, I interjected, looking at Emma with a determined smile.  

“Yes, and an open bar”, Emma slightly moaned and continued dismissively.  “We’re not sure what we want to do for the rehearsal dinner, though.  It will be our immediate families, which should be around twenty people.  Jack has four people and I’ll have around sixteen.  I need to take a final count, but that is approximately correct.”

“No problem.  I’ll take you through the different restaurants and menus when we go on the tour and you can decide which one suits your needs.  How much were you looking to spend per person?”

“We don’t have an amount in mind, but we don’t want the budget to drive our decisions at this point.  We just want to see what all of our options are and we’ll back into the details from our total budget amount later.”

“That will be fine.  I can give you a proposal sheet with all your options before you leave, and you can get back to me with your final decisions as soon as you can.  We have several weeks before any final decisions need to be made, so you don’t need to feel rushed.”

Emma sighed her relief and said, “Good.  I don’t want to feel forced to commit to any decisions we aren’t ready to make.”

Pushing her chair away from the desk, Ethel said, “Let’s take a walk around the hotel so you can see what your options are.  You really need to see everything in order to make the right decision.  Is that okay with you?”

“Yes.  Let’s do that”, I said, standing up from my chair and raising Emma from her chair by her hand.  

“Follow me”, Ethel said as she exited her office and escorted us back into physical fantasy of the hotel.  “I think we should start out by visiting all of the terraces.  That will impact all of the other decisions, so I’d like to try and get that out of the way first.  Is that okay with you?”

“Yes, that’s fine”, we agreed.

As we reached the back of the Great Room, Ethel began her speaking points while opening the massive double-doors outside.  “Now, here is the terrace you mentioned before.  This is the Sunset Terrace and as you can see, it is in the center of the hotel, directly in front of the golf course and spa.  It is one of our most beautiful views, but the layout is a bit awkward for a wedding of your size.  We have had many weddings here, but they were smaller than yours.  That’s not to say we couldn’t do it here, but you will need to consider the seating and location of the altar.  What do you think?”

We surveyed the area and knew that this was not the right place for the ceremony.  There wasn’t a convenient way for Emma to enter the area and not everyone would have a clear view of where the altar would have to be.

“It’s nice”, I said, knowing this wasn’t “the spot”.  “But, I agree with Ethel.  I don’t think this will work.  What do you think Emma?”

“Yeah”, she said disappointed.  “I think we keep looking.  It’s certainly beautiful, but it’s not perfect for us.”

“Take a look over this ledge”, Ethel said pointing down the steps.  “Down there is the Vanderbilt Terrace, one of our most popular wedding sites.  

We stepped to the ledge and peered down onto the terrace that would be the site of our wedding.  It was a sunken, semi-secluded area with an open-air, wooden tray ceiling above it with baskets of gorgeous flowers hanging from half of the trays.  It felt like the 1920’s of the hotel’s history and it perfectly captured the spirit of what we wanted to accomplish.  There was a gloriously curved staircase where we would place flowing ivy and accent flowers, leading down into the main area, over to the space against the wall where we would put the altar as a back-drop to the mountains and the sunset.  There was plenty of room for the ceremony seating and all of the reception furniture, with space left over for meandering and mingling.  

The sun broke from behind an innocuous white cloud and shined on the visions of our wedding, giving us the unmistakable sign that this was it.  

“That’s it”, Emma said with an ethereal respiration.  “That’s where we’re getting married.”

“Definitely”, I whole-heartedly agreed.  “It’s perfect.  I love it.”

Then, the world disappeared around us as we embraced and kissed in acknowledgment of this extraordinary moment.  

As punctuation on this extraordinary moment, Ethel looked up from her calendar and said, “This terrace is available on June 18th, so it’s yours if you want it.”

“Book it.  Right now”, Emma said eagerly to Ethel.  “Go ahead and confirm it.”

“Great”, Ethel said with a happy smile under her calendar.  “Done.  Now let’s move on to the restaurant choices for your rehearsal dinner.”

We spent the rest of the afternoon walking around the hotel in a half-daze, trying to process the multitude of options around the rest of the wedding, while awing at the immaculate details and inspiring vistas around every corner.  The problem would not be finding acceptable options.  The problem would be deducing a plan from the myriad of perfect options that made our heads spin.  It was comforting to know that it would be almost impossible to make the wrong decision, but it was a little stressful knowing we had to make a final decision at some point.  

By the end of our weekend at the Grove Park Inn, the components of our wedding celebration naturally fell together and virtually made the decisions for us.  There was very little deliberation and absolutely no disagreements about what our wedding would look like.  We would take care of the minutia in due time, but the major decisions were made before we left for home on Sunday afternoon.  We drove home with a very clear picture in our heads of what the wedding would look like and with our hands wrapped firmly around what still needed to be done.  We had everything under control and nothing could get in the way of our day going exactly how we were planning it…



Chapter Seven

June 18, 2005.  The day of the wedding.

Feel free to join me in a “gulp” here.

At 9am, my family was with me at my house, while Emma was with her family at her parents’ house.  

At my house, everything was calm.  My parents, Kerry, and Delia were all sitting in the living room all packed and ready to go.  I had arranged for a pet sitter to take care of Jellybean and Gato while we were gone, so all we had to do was leave town on-time to make it to the pre-wedding activities we had scheduled.  We were all pointedly excited about the day ahead of us, so we all woke up on time, showered in an orderly fashion, got dressed without any catastrophes, and packed our bags without incident.  As far as I knew, everything was going perfectly.

Here is the back-story you’ll need to know before I get into my conversation with Emma that morning.

A couple of nights before, Emma and I had briefly talked about both of our families getting together for dinner the night my family arrived from NY and CA.  It was a casual suggestion that I assumed we would need to discuss further when the time came, so I didn’t give it another thought until that night.  When I picked up my family from the airport, it was around 7:30pm and we were all hungry, so we decided to just grab dinner on the way home.  I figured it would be another 2 hours before we could all get together for dinner if we tried to meet up with Emma’s family.  Since we didn’t make any definite plans, I thought nothing of just bailing on the idea of us all hooking up.  

Oh, and I never called Emma to tell her that we were going to bail on dinner. 

Mistakes #1 and 2.  

So, we get back to my house and spend a couple of hours settling in and talking about the wedding.  My folks and Delia went to bed around 11pm while Kerry and I stayed up until about 2am, bullshitting and drinking beers.  We hadn’t seen each other in over a year and there was a lot to catch up on.  We passed the evening in a very mellow manner and I went to bed thinking everything was great.  I figured Emma was buried in pre-wedding activities and conversations with her family, so I went to bed without calling her to see how she was doing.  

Mistake #3.

(I’m sure all the guys are thinking, “yeah, what’s wrong with that?”.  And, all of the girls are thinking “Are you nuts?  Please tell me you are not that stupid.)   

So, I called Emma at 10am to coordinate our departure, and she was decidedly cold.  

“Hmmm.  That’s weird”, I thought.  “I wonder if she’s mad at me.  Maybe I should ask her if something is bothering her.  Or, maybe I should just ignore this one and hope it’s not about me screwing up something.  Or, even better, maybe I’m just imagining it and she’s fine.”  

Right.  Nice try.

“How is my beautiful bride-to-be?” I began hopefully, after she answered her phone.

“Fine”, she responded coolly.  

“What’s wrong?” I inquired trepidly.  

And, we’re off.

“What happened last night?”, she incised the dense air between us.

“What do you mean?” 

“What do you mean, ‘what do I mean?’”, she mocked me.  “What happened to you last night?  We were supposed to go out to eat dinner together.”

My brain frantically raced to recollect the information necessary to have this conversation, to very little avail.

“What do you mean we were supposed to go out to eat together?” I responded, pseudo-bewildered, stalling for time and enlightenment.

“Don’t tell me you don’t remember we were all supposed to go out to eat when your parents arrived”, she said in skeptical disbelief.  “We talked about this 3 nights ago.  We were sitting in the car on the way to the mall, we had just finished talking about everyone’s flight schedules, and you said that we should all get together for dinner when they get in.  You said your parents’ flight gets in at 6:34 and Kerry and Delia’s flight gets in at 7:10, and that we should all plan to meet when you got into town.”  

Ah, yes, it’s all coming back to me know.

“Think quick, jackass”, I said to myself.  “Retrace your steps and explain what happened.”

Completely trapped in my own stupidity, I had no choice but to apologize and hope for the best.  Of course, I was far too much of an idiot to just apologize.  I had to explain what happened, why I did nothing wrong, and why she shouldn’t be mad at me.  

Are you feeling me, guys?  Don’t even try to tell me or your wife that you aren’t just as stupid as I am.  

“Oh.  Well, here’s what happened”, I stated with such false bravado it almost made me laugh.  “I met everyone at the airport around 7:30 and I asked them if they were hungry.  They said they were starving, so I suggested we stop off somewhere on the way home.  I knew it would be another couple of hours before we could coordinate both families and actually sit down for dinner.  And, I figured since we never made any definite plans, you wouldn’t mind if we had dinner without you.  I didn’t think for a minute you would be pissed off that I wanted to feed my starving family”, I added for dramatic impact.

“Don’t even try to pull that bullshit”, she retorted with quiet vigor.  “You knew we were supposed to meet for dinner and you blew me off.  And, you didn’t even call me last night to say good-night”, she layered on top, just to confuse me even more and add more fuel to her fire.  

Now, I was in two arguments I knew I’d never win.  

“Just give up, dumb-ass”, I told myself.  “You’ll never win this argument, and you are stepping in bigger and bigger piles of shit with each step you take.  Don’t let this devolve into a knock-down, seven hours before your wedding.”

“I didn’t think I was supposed to call you the night before the wedding.  Isn’t there some kind of superstition about that?”, I answered to the second question.  Stupidly, I continued, “Kerry and I stayed up hanging out, and by the time we went to bed, it was too late to call you.”

“What are you talking about??” she asked in complete disbelief.  “Superstition is your excuse??  You knew we’d be seeing each other today, so why would it matter if we talked the night before the wedding?  You aren’t making any sense.”  

In a horribly inappropriate attempt to diffuse the situation, I started laughing.

“You’re right”, I acquiesced with a fading giggle.  “I should have called before and after we had dinner.  I blew it.  I’m sorry.  I just wasn’t thinking.  Can you forgive me and let us get back to our wedding?”

Not so fast, Scooter.

“You really hurt my feelings”, she said with a suppressed tear in her voice.  “I thought we were all going to get together and you completely blew me off.  How do you think that makes me feel?”

“I’m sorry”, I said slathered in the sticky goop of defeat.  “I didn’t think it was a big deal, but I can see that was wrong.”  

“I just wish you would be more considerate sometimes”, she added as punctuation.

“I know”, I said, hoping this was the end of the argument.

“What do you mean, ‘you know’”, she reinvigorated.  “Why would you do something like that?”

“I don’t know”, I said, really not knowing.  

“Now I’m pissed off”, she stated as her conclusion to the argument.  “Are you ready to leave for Asheville?”

“Yeah”, I said with relief that we were moving on.  “We’re all packed and ready to go.  Are you guys ready?”  

“No.  We’re still packing suitcases and cars”, she said with a ton of attitude.  “We’ll be ready in about 30 minutes.  Just come over here and we should be ready by the time you get here.”  

“Okay.  We’re on our way” I said with a smidgen of excitement.  “I love you”.

“See you in a bit”, she responded just before she hung up without an “I love you” back.  

Ooooh.  That hurt.  

Deserved or not depends on which side of the gender fence you live.  Same goes for where your sympathies lie at this point.  

No matter.  It all turned out fine in the end.

We left from Emma’s parents’ house around 10:30, my family in the rental mini-van, her family spread out across several cars.  

I don’t know what happened to my dad’s driving ability over the years, but I swear, all of us were on the verge of vomiting the whole two and a half hour trip to Asheville.  Somewhere over the years, he developed an inability to smoothly navigate curves, turning into a herky-jerky, yank-the-wheel-back-and-forth technique none of us had ever experienced before.  There are hundreds of curves between home and Asheville and through every one of those curves our stomachs were pushed and pulled across the road, shifting whatever food we had in it at the time.  After ½ hour, we were all feeling a bit uneasy in the stomach.  After one and a half hours, someone worked up the courage to request a pit stop just to get out of the car for a few minutes before we all emptied out our insides.  So, we completed our respite and got back into Chitty Chitty Bang Bang for the rest of the ride.  We made it all the way without anyone actually blowing chunks all over the car, but I’m sure at least 2 of us barfed in our mouths just a bit.  Not the best way to start the day, we all tacitly agreed.  

As we all got out of our cars at the hotel and start unloading our luggage, Emma came over to me and asked,

“What’s wrong with you?  You look terrible”.

“I think I’m going to puke”, I responded with that “I’m going to puke” voice.

“Why?  What happened?” 

“I’ll tell you later.  I just need to sit down somewhere.  Now.”

At that point, the hotel employees assumed responsibility for unloading all of our cars and brought all of the luggage into the lobby.  Emma and I went into the lobby and started the check-in process for everyone in our families.  We had worked with the hotel wedding planner down the last detail, so everything was prepared for our arrival and we were able to get up to our room relatively quickly.  When we got up to the room, I told Emma about our trip from Hell.

“Bless your hearts”, she said.  “That sounds awful.  Can I get you anything?”

I guess the horror story made her forget our morning argument, so I capitalized on the shifting tides with deft caution.

I lowered myself onto the bed with a slight moan and sprawled out like a snow angel.  “No.  I’m fine”, I said slightly accreting the actual level of nausea I felt.  “Just let me lay here for a minute.”  

Don’t get mad at me.  I really was feeling ill.  I just wasn’t going to risk losing the positive wave I was riding at the time.  She was no longer upset with me and I needed to keep that going, for all of our sake.  

About 15 minutes later, I told her I was fine and that we needed to get going on the day.  As I got up, we simultaneously looked out the window and saw the brooding, dark rain clouds brewing on the horizon.  The skies were clear and blue the whole drive over, but we were aware of the forecast calling for thundershowers.  For once, the forecast appeared to be correct, and we appeared to be screwed.  

“Shit”, I said under my breath, but loud enough for her to hear it.

“Shit”, she said in agreement.

“Do you want to talk to the wedding planner about moving everything inside?” I asked, thinking she would absolutely want to move it inside and not risk being rained on.  But, Emma would never allow anything to ruin this day, and there was no way she was going to let the rain get in her way.  Well, as it turns out, she wasn’t going to let the rain get in her way, but not how I expected it.

“No”, she said with complete confidence and determination.  “We are going to get married outside on the Vanderbilt Terrace, just like we planned.  It will not rain on us.  I won’t let it.”

I’m thinking, “Choose your words carefully here.  You don’t want to escalate this into a really bad episode of Bridezilla.  Just roll with it.”  

“Okayyyyy”, I said, confused and nervous about what she had in mind.  “What about the reception?  Do you want to at least move that inside?”

“Yes”, she responded in a moment of compromising clarity.  “We’ll move the reception inside, but not the ceremony.  I’ll call the wedding planner and tell her.”

“Sounds good”, I said, trying my best to hide my disagreement with her decision.

Now we had an actual and a metaphorical black cloud over our heads.  Wonderful.  

Looking at my watch, “We need to get downstairs to meet with the security people.  They should be waiting for us right now.”

“Right.  You ready to go?”, Emma asked with her game face on.

“Let’s do it.  Do you have the picture?”

“Right here”, she said hold it up and inserting the photo into her purse.  “Let’s get going.”

I grabbed her hand, squeezed it two times for “I love you” and walked out the door with my perfect Emma next to me.  

“I can’t believe we need to deal with this bullshit”, I said mostly to myself.  

“Tell me about it.  But I feel so much better having them here.  Think about how much worse it would be if Ted showed up and started causing trouble.  I’ve known him for almost 25 years and I am convinced he’s either drunk in the parking lot right now waiting to do something crazy or he’s drunk in a bar somewhere feeling sorry for himself.  If he’s drunk in the parking lot, we need to make sure he can’t get in the hotel to ruin our wedding.”  

“What if he’s already here?” I thought to myself and did not dare speak aloud.  

“Well, I just hope he’s just drunk in a bar feeling sorry for himself,” I said as facetiously as possible as we stepped off of the 4’x6’ antique elevator and thanked the stoically friendly operator.  

We approached the main entrance with casual nervousness and spotted our security detail.  Two very obviously professional off-duty Asheville police officers stood conspicuously inside of the doors, casing the joint for the pending suspect.  I think they thought they blended really well, and maybe it was because we were looking for them, but they looked like the most archetypal cops I had ever seen.  One guy, one woman dressed in similar golf shirts, khakis, black work boots, cold eyes slitted with suspicion, goofy black sunglasses, and gun-bulges sticking out of their lower backs stood there in tense repose.  They may as well have worn a sign over their heads announcing their identities and the total cost of their outfits from the undercover cop catalog.  

We approached them directly as the man spotted us and said “Mr and Mrs Fisher?”

“Yes.  I’m Jack and this is Emma.”

“Hello.  My name is Jim and this is my partner Beth.”

“Yes, we spoke on the phone”, I nodded towards Jim.  “How are you?”

“I’m fine.  Did you bring a picture of your ex-husband?” Jim asked Emma.

“Yes.  Here it is.  It’s several years old, but he still looks pretty much the same.”

After the two officers studied the photo for 10 seconds, Jim said “okay, we’ll need to make copies of this photo and distribute it to all of the hotel personnel and the hotel security.  I’ll take care of that when we are done here.  Now, let me tell you what we are going to do.  We will work with the hotel security to have all possible entry points covered and we will make sure everyone at the entry points has this photo.  Between now and midnight, everyone at every door will be looking for him.  If anyone spots him, he will be instructed to leave immediately.  If he resists or refuses to leave, he will be arrested on the spot.  If Beth or I spot him first, I can guarantee you he will not walk away without a few bruises.”  Jim paused, took a collective breath to calm himself, and continued.  “There is nothing worse than a man who beats up on a woman and I can guarantee you if you folks lived in Asheville, this guy would not have gotten away with anything you have described to us.  We take this sort of stuff very seriously here and, to tell you the truth, I almost hope he tries to get in here.”

“Mrs. Fisher”, Beth interjected.  “I have had a lot of experience with this type of person and I can guarantee you we will treat your ex-husband with the most amount of force we can legally get away with.  If the courts won’t do anything about him, we will.”

Emma sighed a breath of relief she desperately needed and said, “Thank you both so much.  I can’t tell you how worried I am that he will show up and do something crazy.  I don’t care what you have to do to stop him from getting in this hotel.  Just do whatever you think you need to do.”

“Yes m’am. That’s what we’re here for” Jim nodded.  “You just go ahead and get married and don’t worry about a thing.  We’ve got you covered.”

We all shook hands, nodded our complicity, and walked away to get on with it.   

From there, Emma and I each had separate lists of things to do in preparation for the ceremony, so we said our temporary good-byes and I made my way down to my parents’ room to get ready.  

The photographer was supposed to be in my parents’ room exactly one hour before the wedding to take pre-wedding pictures of my family.  “Exactly one hour before the wedding” was 15 minutes ago, and I was starting to worry about what was going on.  I knew the photographer was in our soon-to-be newlywed suite with Emma’s family taking their pre-wedding pictures, so the paranoid wheels started to spin.  I envisioned disaster after disaster and the wedding falling apart around me.  As much as I didn’t want to bother Emma inside of all the stress I was sure she was feeling, I called her on her cell phone.

“Hey Emma”, I began cautiously.  “What’s the deal?  Is the photographer still there?”

“Yes, she is still here and we are still taking pictures”, she responded with a dangerous amount of irritation in her voice.  “She’ll be over there in 15 minutes.”

“15 minutes??” I said incredulously.  “That only leaves us 30 minutes to take all of my family pictures and get across the hotel for the ceremony.  Can you speed it up a bit?”

“Doh!”, I said to myself as that stupid question fell out of my mouth.  That was not the right thing to say.  I’m sure of that.  Wait for it.  Here it comes…”

“No, we cannot speed it up a bit!”, she quietly yelled into her phone with all of the disdainful mockery I expected.  “We still have a lot of pictures to take and I still have a thousand things to do before the ceremony.  You just need to wait there until we are done.  You’ll have plenty of time to get your pictures made and get over to the terrace.  I’ve got to go.”

“Okay”, I said with the proper amount of deference to the situation.  “Oh, wait.  These boutonnières seem to be messed up.  None of us can get them to look right on our tuxes.  How in the hell are they supposed to go on the lapel?”  

“I have no idea”, she said with rising aggravation.  “You just need to figure it out.  I have to go”.

“Alright”, I said skeptically and in anticipation of a boutonnière drama somewhere along the way.  “I love you Emma”.

“I love you too”, she said distantly as she hung up.  

The photographer arrived exactly 30 minutes before the ceremony.  She took a few shots of us in my parents’ room, then we raced around the hotel looking for postcard backgrounds.  It’s difficult to look calm and happy in a picture when you are wigging out about being late to your own wedding.  Looking back at the pictures in our scrapbook, I think I pulled it off to a fairly convincing degree.  

Amazingly, we finished the pre-wedding pictures in about 20 minutes.  That left us 10 minutes to make our way to the opposite side of the hotel and arrive at our carefully planned spots on the terrace.  As we arrived two minutes before the ceremony was about to begin, the hotel employees were still frantically wiping off the rain that fell earlier, from the seats.  As our guests filled the barely-dry seats, the black clouds were tumulting overhead and I was wondering where Emma was and how she was doing.  The rain had only stopped fifteen minutes earlier and our minds were in a mad scramble to get through the ceremony before the skies emptied the poisonous rain onto our heads.  I wasn’t sure how Emma was keeping her sanity, but I convinced myself she was fine and holding it together like she had not a care in the world.  How she would get through this ceremony without losing her brain, I had no idea, but I was sure she would be able to pull it off.     

As I pondered the imponderables of the infinite mitigating factors falling all around us, the music started and the wedding party descended the exquisite steps laced with damp ivy and water-beaded red roses.  Emma soon followed on the arm of her father, carefully planting each step on each puddled stair.  She was gorgeous, she was perfect, and behind her eyes, she was wigging out.  She hates to be the center of attention anyway, and when you throw all of the additional stress onto her, it was difficult to hide the cocktail of discomfort and fear lurking very close to the surface.  It was obvious to me, but I don’t think anyone else noticed.  

The throng of hotel guests lining the windows and doors above the terrace to witness the spectacle and stare at the beautiful bride certainly did not help matters.  It felt like we were Luke and Laura from General Hospital and the whole world was watching with an intimate connection to our blessed event, with front row seats to the event of the season.  It felt like the whole world was aware of our wedding and everyone was personally invested in the happiness of this occasion.  It felt like everyone had planned their lives around attending our wedding and they were all vicariously celebrating our exquisite moment together.  

Despite all of the real and imagined distractions, she made it to the altar without incident, wearing the dress I had not seen until that moment.  The dress was perfect, she was perfect, and she was regally composed like Princess Di.  

I think finally being there, about to be married, believing all of the hassles were over, the rain obeying her command, all her boys by her side, and able to focus on this precious moment, all served to calm her down as she approached the altar.  A cool, calm, relieved sense of joy fell on her face as she took her place opposite me, and she relaxed her clenched hands around her magnificent bouquet.  

Then, she looked at me with a wry smile and that look of endless love I treasure so much and whispered, “Your boutonnière is on wrong.”

I willed the laughter under control, lowered my head to hide the giggle, and reveled in her perfection.  

“I am the luckiest guy on the planet”, I thought.  “This girl is just perfect.”

As Phillip went through the ceremony, I felt my mouth start to dry out and turn into a patch of sticky cotton.  A few months earlier, I had written a poem to read aloud to Emma, the guests, and the world.  Now, I was moments away from my cue and I was frantically trying to figure out a way to request a glass of water in the middle of the ceremony.  That wasn’t going to happen, so I was trying to swallow all of the dryness in my mouth and summon the liquid gold of my spit to stave off the coughing fit that was lurking in the back of my throat.  Apparently, the patch of sticky cotton had plugged my salivary glands, preventing the arrival of my salvation.  Now, I had to will my throat into compliance and fight the cough I knew was on its way towards screwing me out of this beautiful moment.  

“Now, Jack has written a poem for this special occasion that he wanted to read”, Phillip said, jolting me out of my physiological battle with my ridiculously dry mouth.  “Jack”, he said nodding to me.  

I pulled the piece paper out of my coat pocket, terrified, not of reading the poem aloud in public, but of launching into an embarrassing fit of coughing that would turn my eyes a watery bloodshot and paralyze my voice for 10 minutes while I recovered.  

The Gods were with me that day.  

I recited the poem, a little strained from the lack of moisture, but audible enough for everyone to hear.

On this day					
from this day
our life
together
begins 
with our
marriage
our home
our family 
filled
with love 
with joy
with us
together
on this day
from this day
I promise
to love you
all the way
to the end
I will live
every second
for you 
only for you
because of you
I am whole
I am happy
I am SO HAPPY
I am perfect
on this day
from this day
I will
cherish you
I will 
protect you
I will 
support you
I will 
hold
your heart
so pure
so gentle
so perfect
inside of 
my heart
every second
you will be
my life
my love
my wife
my everything
on this day
from this day.
  
As I finished the recitation, I felt the saliva return to my mouth and the tickle in the back of my throat disappear.  A bit late, but warmly welcomed, nonetheless.  I still had to repeat after the minister and say “I do”, so the nascent spit arrived just in time to help me finish out the ceremony. 

As we began to exchange our vows, I perceived Emma feeling the warm security of having her boys right behind her.  It meant the world to her and it was a well-deserved victory over Ted.  I hate to think of it in those terms, but in all reality, we were in a daily battle and these minor victories nourished us enough to carry on the fight, for ourselves and for the kids.  This kind of daily battle can deplete you to the point of desperation and destitution.  We needed this one, and we got it.  

“I do”, I soulfully repeated into Emma’s heart through her eyes.

“I do”, Emma repeated with equal conviction and relief.  

“I now pronounce you husband and wife”, the preacher announced to the crowd.  “You may kiss the bride.”

And I did.

I am not exaggerating when I say that no more than fifteen minutes later, as we stood around for everyone to make their way into the reception area, the skies opened up and let loose a rain on the patio that would have crushed the ceremony and our spirits.  

Emma and I turned around to observe the downpour we heard begin behind us.  “We made it”, I said with a twisted exaltation.  “I don’t know how you did it, but you kept the rain away for just long enough.”

Emma smiled her “new wife” smile at me and said, “Yeah.  How lucky is that?”, then demurely grabbed my hand as we walked towards the wedding cake.  

Husband and wife.  

Fuckin’ A right.  

We stood in the reception area with the stream of guests around us, some slightly wet from the rain they weren’t fast enough to escape.  It was time to cut loose and throw down and we were more than ready.  But, what to do about the Baptists in the crowd?  

“Fuck ‘em”, I unconsciously said to myself.  All our friends were there, they all drink, and they were ready to start doing exactly that.  And, so was I.  

I was not going to worry about crooked looks and sideways stares.  Emma, on the other hand, either didn’t have the time or she didn’t have the inclination to confront the issue.  She spent the entire reception floating from person to person, group to group, doing the considerate and expected thing.  She mingled with everyone, made sure they got some face time with the bride, and made sure they were having fun.

I, on the other hand, saddled up to the bar with my brother and my buddies and proceeded to drink shot after shot, beer after beer with everyone that came my way.  I was doing my part, my way, and Emma was doing her part, her way.  What a beautiful symbiosis of diametric philosophies.  And, it worked out perfectly.  Everyone was happy and we both had a great time doing our thing.  

Don’t get me wrong.  We didn’t ignore each other the whole time.  We did have fun together.  I made my rounds with her and she hung out with our friends for a while.  Sometimes the wind blew her in a different direction and sometimes it blew me asunder.  It was a completely free-flowing evening where everyone had the type of fun they were looking for.  Like our wedding, it was perfect.  

Towards the end of the evening as the open bar closed down, our friends headed back to the main lobby bar to continue drinking.  And, to complete the fully expected dichotomy, Emma’s family stayed in the reception area and played games together.  I knew I couldn’t escape to the bar just yet without looking like a dick, so I hung out with Emma and her family and played games for a while.  

Emma’s hair-on-fire cousin Sarah had rallied everyone together to play some dice game called “Left, Right, Center” she had learned somewhere along the way.  She was the life of every party and everyone loved to be around her.  She has fun wherever she goes and she brings everyone along with her for the ride.  And, whatever crazy thing she does, it never seems out of line.  Like, when I was sitting at a table by the bar after the ceremony, enjoying a solitary moment with myself between congratulatory visits from friends and family.  I watched her part the crowd like Moses, walk straight up to me and shout, “Welcome to family!”  Then she grabbed the back of my head with both of her hands and pushed my face deep into the crevasse of her cleavage while she shook her boobs across my smushed face and laughed hysterically.  I thought that was the funniest thing in the world.  Partly because I never saw it coming, partly because it was a really funny thing to do in that context, and partly because that summed up Sarah in one wildly extemporaneous moment.  You gotta love her.  

I just don’t think it’s possible to not have fun when you are with Sarah.  She had the whole group laughing boisterously, taunting each other, teasing each other, and just having a big old time.  There was a small-time element of gambling to the game, which added a lot of interest and intensity.  So, we played two rounds of Sarah’s game, lasting around an hour, and we had a blast.  

As the second game ended, I could see the crowd start to waver with sleepy exhaustion, so I seized the moment and surreptitiously stepped away from the table to tell Emma that it was time for us to go.  

“I need to get out of this monkey suit”, I itched.  “Let’s go upstairs and change, then head down to the bar with everyone else.  What do you think?”

“Are you sure?”, she questioned with a hint of discomfort.  “I don’t want to just leave everyone sitting here and go off drinking with the rest of the crowd.”  Then a Grinchly smile emerged from nowhere and she inquired, “Do you think we can pull it off?”

“Yes.  Yes I do”, I said with a diabolical grin.  You could almost see me twisting my mustachio as I said it.  

“How do we do it?”, she asked, deferring to my clearly superior acumen for scheming and scamming out of a situation.  

“All we gotta do is fake a little yawn and say that we need to change out of these clothes and get into something more comfortable”, I said with a supercilious twitch of a smile.  “Simple as that.  That way, we have established that we are tired and uncomfortable.  No one could question that.  Plus, it’s half true, so it’s only half of a white lie.  It’ll work.  Let’s do it.”

Within 10 minutes, we were up in our Honeymoon Suite, scraping off all the layers of our wedding clothes.  It was still early on the bar clock, so we took our time breaking in the suite.  Then, on went the jeans and t-shirts and off we went to the bar for a few more hours of imbibing.  

It was a perfect ceremony, a perfect reception, and a perfect post-party.  

And, so began our married life together.


Chapter Eight

We woke up the next day, packed our stuff, threw down some breakfast, and prepared for Phase One of our honeymoon with the kids.  

I told Emma what the plans were for both honeymoons, but we kept it a secret from the kids.  Partly so they wouldn’t let slip the information to their dad, and partly just to have a great surprise for them.  We both thought the plans for the trip with the kids was a great idea, but I have to admit, it was a bit risky.  It wasn’t Hawaii, the Bahamas, Australia, or any of the other exotic locations they had suggested months ago, but I thought it would be a lot of fun.  After making the reservations for Phase One, we realized that this was either going to be the greatest vacation they had ever taken, or the worst.  There really wasn’t much space in the middle.  

We weren’t in the car more than 45 seconds before Pete asked, “Where are we going?”, trying to contain his excitement.  

“It’s a surprise”, I said, trying to contain my excitement.  

“What are we going to be doing?”, Pete continued the interrogation.

“That’s a surprise too”, I said, suddenly realizing where this was going and anticipating the next 4,816 questions about all the details of the next three days.

Emma had the same realization and interjected, “You don’t want to ruin the surprise, do you sweetie?  You’re just going to have to wait.  It’s going to be a lot of fun, but that’s all we can tell you.”

“C’mon, just tell me something”, Pete persisted.

With a wink and a smile, Emma said, “We’ll tell you everything as soon as we get there.  It shouldn’t be more than another couple hours.”  

“That’s gay”, Pete retorted, a bit frustrated, but still excited.  

I looked at Emma with raised eyebrows, and held my tongue.  Rather than use this opportunity to tell Pete how inappropriate it was to use that word in that way, we let it slide for the greater good of the trip.  “Not everything needs to be a lesson”, I told myself.  “But, mental note to address that at some point when we get home.”

“Is Chris coming?”, Bob asked.

“No sweetie.  He and Susan had to get back home for work on Monday”, Emma responded, hoping this wouldn’t contribute to a full-out meltdown later on.

“That’s gay”, Bob said with only a slight annoyance in his tone, as I quietly cringed again.  “I wish Chris were coming with us.”  

The fact that Chris was unable to come with us for Phase One of the honeymoon was definitely a strike against us.  If Chris were there, everything would be fine and there would be nothing to complain about.  But Chris was Bob’s hero and Chris was not there to make everything good.  Yes, there were moments of ambivalence in the Older Brother Torture Chamber of Wedgies and Wet Willies when Bob questioned his piety towards his brother.  But, for the most part, Chris could do no wrong and Bob would emulate him in every way and seek his approval with everything he did.  Bob may have been the middle child, but he definitely did not suffer from Jan Brady Syndrome.  He was never jealous of Chris and never resented all the attention he got from everyone.  Quite the opposite. 

“Why can’t you tell us where we are going?”, Bob asked with an escalating sense of irritation.

We were at a crossroad and we knew it.  If we didn’t tell them where we were going, this was most likely going to blow up in our faces right then and there.  If Bob didn’t get mad at us, he would certainly start picking on Pete as a surrogate catharsis for his irritability.  

Most of you are either parents or you have siblings, and you know very well the horrors of a car-trip melt down.  It is butt ugly, no matter which side you are on.  For the parents, nothing brings you to the brink of insanity faster than kids punching, pinching, and slapping each other because someone crossed the Maginot Line in the back seat.  Or, someone was “looking” at the other one.  Or, someone was hogging whatever solitary electronic device someone brought.  Or, someone took a sip from the other one’s drink.  Or, someone farted and waved the “palm bomb” in the other one’s face.  After a couple of hours in the car, even the most minor transgression from the unwritten rules of the road can cause a familial Chernobyl.  That’s when the parents’ blood starts to boil and their fragile patience becomes razor thin, just waiting for one of the kids to do or say something that triggers the cataclysmic reaction.  

For the kids, especially the youngest one in the car, road trips are akin to Richard Pryor and Gene Wilder being locked in the jail cell with Grossberger, in Stir Crazy.  When older brothers get bored, they pick on the younger brother.  It’s one of the immutable laws of nature.  Then, at some point, the younger brother becomes astounded and deeply offended that neither of the parents is noticing the Hell they are experiencing, nor are they doing anything to stop it.  Then, the youngest child snaps and loses his mind, either on the older brother, or the parents, or both.  They go into a wild frenzy of kicking and screaming while the older brother giggles maniacally and the parents try to keep it together in the front seat.  Then comes the crescendo where the whole car is vibrating with collective insanity and the parents snap.  Either someone gets a backhand to the head ( I used to sit behind my dad on every trip for this exact reason, so he couldn’t reach me) or one of the parents starts screaming like a lunatic, throwing out every kind of threat they can conjure at the moment.  With that, the madness ends and everyone is pissed off for the rest of the trip.    

All this passed through our minds in an instant, and we quickly defenestrated the ruse and told them everything they needed to know in order to mitigate the tension saturating the car.  

“We’re going camping”, Emma said hurriedly.  “We rented a cabin in the mountains and we are going whitewater rafting tomorrow.  It’s going to be a lot of fun.  You can run around the woods and go exploring all day today.  Then tomorrow, we’ll take a bus a few miles up the river and go rafting for a couple hours down the rapids.”

“That’s gay”, Bob retorted, not caring what Emma said.  She could have said we were going skydiving, then hunting for lions and he would have reacted the same way.  

Emma and I looked at each other with an exasperation we could not vocalize.  

“Oi vay”, I thought.  “These kids are killing me.”

“Why is that gay?”, Emma asked sympathetically in an effort to talk Bob off the ledge.

Bob replied dispassionately, “I don’t know.  It just is.”  Then he paused for a moment and continued, “Can we just go stay with dad and you go camping?”

“Yeah, let us go stay with dad”, Pete acceded with moderate enthusiasm.  

And we’re off.

“Why don’t you want to go camping?”, Emma asked tepidly.  

“Because camping sucks and dad is all alone”, Pete offered as explanation.  

Bob followed Pete’s lead and said, “I know.  You guys have each other and dad only has us.  You don’t need us around.  Dad does.  Why don’t you just drop us off at dad’s and you can go on to your other honeymoon?”

“Yeah, let’s do that”, Pete concurred more enthusiastically.

Emma was crushed as Ted’s words spewed out of the kids’ mouths.  

Having the kids at the wedding meant the world to her and now the kids were shitting all over the whole experience.  This was supposed to be a special weekend where we could all have fun together on our first vacation as a new family.  Reality was not supposed to creep into this weekend.  We were positive we could keep the kids entertained the whole trip and keep their minds off of their dad, if only for a few days.  But, being on a family vacation without their real dad was way too much for them to bear and way too much for them to ignore.  

A few months earlier, I went with Emma and the kids on their annual trip to NY and we went through a much worse version of this rejection.  We found out during the trip that Ted had told them before we left that he “might not be there when they got home”, meaning he would either be dead or moved away.  Not surprisingly, the kids were terrified and ornery the whole trip.  All Ted wanted to do was make sure they didn’t have fun with us, and he succeeded quite nicely.  

I think we can safely assume that Ted bombarded them with a similar litany of threats, guilt, and shit-talking about us for the six months prior to the wedding, which landed us on this trip with two kids who just didn’t want to be there with us.  

Feigning sympathy, Emma replied “No.  We are not dropping you off at your dad’s.  I’m sure your dad would want you guys to have fun with us, and I’m sure he is fine.”  And then, with a note of sarcasm only I recognized, she added, “He is an adult and he can take care of himself.”

Silence in the back seat.  

We drove the rest of the way without anyone talking, fighting, or fidgeting.  We were all irritably beat-down for our own reasons and none of us wanted to talk about it.  

We unceremoniously arrived at the campsite entrance where Emma broke the stand-off.

“We’re here!”, she announced with as much enthusiasm she could muster.  “Wow.  This is so beautiful.”  Pointing 30 yards ahead, she said to me “There’s the main cabin.  I think that’s where we check-in.”

“Yup.  Looks that way”, I agreed with the remnants of melancholy in my voice.  “Let’s go see.”

After checking-in and getting the keys to the cabin, we drove down the loose-gravel road through the breath-taking landscape of the Blue Ridge Mountains.    

“Number 4…number 5…there it is.  Cabin #6”, I announced to no one, then said to the kids, “Check it out guys.  There’s our cabin.  Wow.  That’s so cool.  What do you think?”

With just enough interest to not completely offend me, Bob said, “Yeah, that’s cool.”

Pete said nothing, as he sat in the back seat with a sour puss on his face, now committed to having a terrible time.  

“Let’s go check it out”, Emma said, trying to foment some excitement. 

“There is the key”, I said, pointing to the space in the cup holders between the Diet Mountain Dew and Aquafina.  “You guys go inside and check it out.  I’ll start unpacking the car.”  

I leaned over to kiss my new wife, whispered “I love you”, and stroked her hair while osmosing all of my understanding and patience into her eyes.  Then, I winked my wink at her, slapped her thigh, and said to everyone, “Alright, let’s do it.  Everybody out.”

Emma told me later that while I was out unloading the car, Bob walked in the cabin, took one look around and said to her, “Jack’s really done it now”, and started laughing.  Like I said before, Bob gets over being upset pretty quickly.  I’m just glad I could help get him there with my disastrous miscalculation of what the kids would find fun.  

Although, part of me was annoyed that the kids weren’t jumping around, excited about being in such a spectacular place.  When I was a kid, I would have been out of my brain with elation about the prospect of camping, whitewater rafting, exploring the woods, and all the other cool stuff kids used to do in the forest.  I grew up pretty poor in my younger years, so whatever trips we took was a very special treat.  My parents took us on some great trips, despite our modest means, and we appreciated the hell out of it (at least in a revisionist history retrospect).  My brother and I had a blast running through streams, exploring the inner depths of forests, fishing with a stick, a string, and a rolled-up ball of bread, cooking S’mores on an open fire, cooking franks and beans in a makeshift pot, and sleeping in the back of our 1977 Vega hatchback.  Camping was paradise and there were an infinite number of things we could choose from to entertain ourselves.  We woke up running around and we didn’t stop until we collapsed.  

That was then, this is now.  

Now, if the forest doesn’t come to life and personally entertain them, they weren’t having any fun.  But, in their defense, I’m not sure their attitudes are entirely of their doing.  It’s all what they are used to.  Emma had taken the kids on phenomenal vacations all their lives and they were accustomed to five star accommodations and all the amenities wherever they went.  They never had to entertain themselves or rely on their imagination to get their kicks.  So, part of it is them reaping the benefits of a wonderful mother who wanted to give her kids everything she could.  The other part of it is them growing up in a world where kids don’t expect to work for anything.  That generational sense of entitlement has buried the vast majority of kids growing up in the 21st century.  

As far as I was concerned, they were incredibly spoiled and it was up to me to teach them how to make their own fun and make the best of any situation.  

Apparently, this was the wrong time to begin this endeavor.  

The first day of our Phase One honeymoon trip went exactly how you might expect.  Pete and Bob mostly moped around, complaining about how there was nothing to do and that they were soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored.  Like all parents do in this situation, I listed off at least ten things they could do.  Like all kids in this situation, they told me that all of the options were “gay”.  Eventually, they both decided they needed to do SOMETHING.  Anything to get out of the ratty-ass cabin they were forced to inhabit for the next two days.  

“Mom”, Pete whined again, “we are so bored.  What is there to do around here?”

“What do you say we go for a walk around the woods?”, I interjected.

“And do what?”, Bob replied with a very faint glimmer of hope.

“I don’t know”, I replied.  “We can just go exploring and see what we find.  I’m sure there are a ton of animals roaming around here.”

“Are there bears?”, Pete asked with fear-induced excitement.

“I don’t know”, I said with raised eyebrows and a crooked smile.  “There might be.  Bears certainly live around here.  I don’t know if we’ll see any, but we might.  Do you want to see of we can find any?”

“Yeah!”, Pete half-shouted with enough Daniel Boone spirit to fuel his own enthusiasm.  “What do we do if we see one?”, he posited with the boogie man fear in his voice.  

“I don’t know about you, but I’m running like crazy in the opposite direction”, I said, playing the game.  “I’m not getting eaten by a bear.  Plus, I can run faster than you, so I’m not too worried.  I don’t have to outrun the bear, I just have to outrun you”.

“You would let a bear eat me?”, Pete inquired with a poignant test of what he could expect of me and extrapolate into a more important metaphor.  

Not missing a beat or an opportunity, I responded, “No, of course not.  I would beat him down with a stick.  I wouldn’t let anything hurt you while I was around.”

That was what he needed to hear, and I meant it.  

Pete smiled a very slight smile, as if I passed the first test.  He needed to know if I cared about him as much as his dad and, for some reason, he believed that his dad would fight a bear for him.  

And, that was the first time I felt a parental instinct kick in.  I actually imagined a bear trying to eat Pete and me beating it off with a stick.  I could even feel the anxiety and the adrenaline rush of the situation in my head.  I knew I would do it if the occasion arose, and that was a bit of a surprise to me.  I had never thought about protecting the kids in any real terms, but I knew in that instant that I would protect the kids like that bear would protect its cubs.  To the death.   

It felt good.  

“You would fight a bear to save me?”, Pete continued, looking for a chink in the armor of my statement.

“Of course I would”, I said with absolute conviction.  “I would do whatever it took to save you and Bob.”

I knew that we were only half-joking while we were discussing this scenario, and this was the serious part of the conversation.  I couldn’t even joke about not fighting to save their lives.  Not now.  

This is the way relationships are formed and defined for stepparents.  It’s the little things that matter.  It’s what you say when kids ask loaded questions out of the blue.  It’s recognizing what is behind their questions and responding with the answer they need to hear, on the spot.  No second chances.  No take-backs.  You are stuck with your answer and they will store it somewhere in their brain for future ammunition.  How you react in these pivotal moments will define what you are all about in their minds.  They contrive all kinds of crazy situations and ask you what you would do.  They don’t have a history with you, so they have to formulate an opinion in a severely truncated period of time.  They want to know right away what they are dealing with and they will interrogate you like a prisoner of war for the information they need.  

But, they think they are clever and that you would never intuit what they are really doing.  You know what’s going on and you know that you can not let on that you are aware of what is going on.  You can not expose the ruse because that would be as unforgivable as giving an unacceptable response.  You have to let them win on their own terms.  Pete did this to me constantly for the first year or so of our marriage.  He would rattle off scenario after scenario, trying to discern the core of my personality and the core of my feelings towards him.  He had to know that he could trust me in the most extreme situations, just like he trusted his real dad.  

Only problem is, you have to validate your statements with tangible examples at some point.  If you do something that contradicts what you have said months earlier, they will remember exactly what you said and they will crush you with it.  Kids are like the double-whammy of female elephants.  They remember EVERYTHING you have ever said and they will bring it up at the most random moments.  So, you can’t lie and you must be consistent with your real personality if you have any chance of survival.  

“Hmmm”, Pete pondered out loud, giving me a whimsical crook eye.  

“C’mon”, I said, gesturing with my head towards the door.  “Let’s go find some bears.”

I grabbed Emma’s hand and raised her out of her chair while walking towards the bear-infested woods.  She was smiling because she knew what just transpired and it made her happy.  She knew I scored some much-needed points with Pete and that we might have a shot at a pleasant walk through the woods with the kids.  

“If we see any bears, I’m throwing Pete right in front of it”, Bob said with the older brother taunt.  “I’m not doing anything to save him.  I’m getting out of there as fast as I can.”

We all smiled a bit and walked out into the wilderness together.  

The full effect of Ted’s poison hadn’t yet taken effect, so Pete spent part of the walk in the woods trying to get between Emma and me.  This was the contest for primacy in Emma’s heart.  Who was #1?  Was it me?  Or, was it the kids?  It was akin to asking which one of the kids was her favorite.  It was unanswerable.  But, the kids needed an answer.  Their dad had made it perfectly clear that they were the most important thing in his life and that he would die without them.  They needed this same level and type of commitment from their mom, or they would be convinced their dad loved them more than their mom.  

That day, Emma had to make sure the kids believed that they were above me in the pecking order.  She knew I wouldn’t be offended by any overture of preference above me, so she took Pete’s hand instead of mine whenever he jockeyed himself between us.  Bob was either too old or too disinterested to play this head game, so he never tried to squeeze me out of my place with his mother.  Pete, on the other hand, bolted in and out of our space, over and over, gathering empirical evidence in the case for or against Emma.  

In retrospect, this wasn’t so much a vacation as it was a trial.  Both of the kids were watching our every move and dissecting our every word.  Pete was a bit more obvious about it, but Bob was employing many of the same tactics in a much sneakier way.  

This was also the beginning of the kids’ exploration of what I would let them get away with.  They were trying to figure out if they could manipulate and use me for what they couldn’t get from their mom.  They knew they could do whatever they wanted with their dad and get whatever they wanted from him.  He would never deny them anything and they wanted to see whose side I was on in this new family.  Was I on Emma’s side, or was I an ally in their quest for familial domination?  Would I support her decisions or would I let them do the forbidden things and not tell my wife?  

This was a tricky situation.  I was committed to fully supporting Emma and representing a united front to the kids, so they were almost never able to manipulate their way into getting what they wanted.  But, on some level, I wanted to give them what they asked for in order to ingratiate myself with them.  I recognized that they were only testing me and using me for their own selfish reasons, and it would not make them care about me more.  So, it was somewhat easy for me to say “no” to them, even though I really wanted to say “yes”.   

That’s another bitch of being a stepdad.  Saying “no” to your stepkids, while trying to get them to like you.  Every day I was torn between the dichotomy of trying to be their friend and trying to be their parent.  I couldn’t effectively be both.  I had to choose one over the other and hope for the best.  It took me a while to make the choice and act decisively, but ultimately I chose being a parent over being a friend.  I wish I could have made that decision from the beginning, but I believed that there was no way I could be a parent to them if they hated me.  I believed that I had to establish some amount of friendship and respect before I could ever attempt to act like a parent.  

So, I spent the first year or so in the background of parenting and in the foreground of playing.  I was a part of every decision, behind the scenes, and I never ventured into the perilous land of autonomous parenting and decision-making.  That would have to wait.  As much as it pained me, I could not even remotely appear to be acting like their father.  I couldn’t tell them what I really felt about what they did and I couldn’t be the one to punish them when they did wrong.  We had to build trust and we had to get along before I could risk dipping my toe in the waters of parenthood.  

My only problem with this situation is the fact that I felt trapped in an inability to act like a legitimate parent.  From the beginning, I had such a strong desire to be a parent to these kids.  I wanted to be the positive father figure they would never find in their real dad.  To me and Emma, Ted was everything a man and father should not be and he was teaching his kids all the wrong things.  I felt the responsibility of teaching the kids what they needed to know in order to grow up as responsible, productive, adult men.  And, Emma wanted me to be the example the kids looked to for how a man acts and treats people.  But, how could I do this if I needed their friendship first?  How could I accomplish this if I was in constant fear of them hating me?  

Real parents can afford to go through periods where their kids hate them for enforcing rules and preventing them from doing what they want.  They will always be their parents and most kids eventually grow out of their contempt towards their parents when they grow up and realize they did it for their own good.  Most kids will love their parents no matter what.  Parents can do just about anything to their kids and they will someday be forgiven for their transgressions.  

There is no such luxury for stepparents.  Stepparents have to decide if they want to be a good parent but despised by their stepkids, or, if they want to be an invisible parent but friends with their stepkids.  From what I have seen so far, there is no in between.  I have read all the books and talked to all the other stepparents I know.  Every situation is different and every decision has yielded different results.  It’s all a crap shoot and there is no right answer.  No matter what any friend or any expert tells you.  

The only certainty I know of is, no matter which path you go down, it can all blow up in your face at any given moment and it probably will.  Unless the real dad or mom has completely abandoned the kids, stepparents have no chance at being considered a real parent.  

If being a parent is the most thankless job on the planet, then being a stepparent is the most tumultuously painful job on the planet.  Stepparents experience all of the same challenges as real parents, without any of the intrinsic benefits.  Parents share an unbreakable bond with their kids.  Stepparents are extras in the movie of their family’s life.  Parents feel the deepest possible human connection with their children.  Stepparents may love their stepkids unconditionally, but stepkids almost never let their feelings go beyond what friends or spouses feel for each other.  Meaning, it can all go away one day if things go too wrong for too long.  Children will almost always reconcile with their parents eventually, when things turn ugly.  Stepkids will usually completely write-off their stepparents when thing turn ugly.  Between stepparents and stepkids, there is an irreconcilable point of no return.  Between parents and their children, such a thing rarely exists.  

For the sake of harmony and happiness early on, I mostly focused on being their friend, despite my desire to act like a fully accredited parent.  I have never been a spineless push-over, but I certainly restrained my instincts to teach the kids right from wrong.  I’m not sure if I will ever get to the place where I can act like a real dad and actually get away with it, though.  Emma and I have to decide every day what the best tactic is for the good of the kids and the good of the family.  I may be much more effective as a living embodiment of how they should act, rather than actively participating in the daily battle against the dark side of The Force.  I might be able to teach them much more by doing it without being confrontational about it.  

Maybe my place in this family is behind the scenes.  Maybe my place in this family will always be somewhere on the outside, looking in.   

None of this occurred to me until after we were married, long after Phase One of the honeymoon.  

So, we had our day in the sun, enjoying the woods, evading ghosts of bears, and blindly navigating our way through the actual and metaphorical forest on our first day as a family.  

We returned to our cabin somewhere around dinner and we were all very hungry from a full day of hiking and exploring.

“Are you guys hungry?”, Emma asked.

“Yeah, I’m starving”, Bob said.

“So am I.  Let’s eat”, Pete agreed.

“What do you guys want to eat?”, Emma asked the kids.  

“Let’s go to McDonalds”, Pete answered rotely.  

“Yeah, let’s go to McDonalds”, Bob concurred.  

We were at least 20 miles from the nearest po-dunk town but the kids wanted McDonalds.  We were on a camping adventure and the kids wanted McDonalds.  They can get crappy fast food any day of the week, and they still wanted McDonalds.

Mama mia.  

We’re camping for God’s sake, and these kids wanted McDonalds.  What is this world coming to?  

I had planned to cook a bunch of food over the campfire that night and really get into the whole camping thing.  I was excited to share this experience with the kids, and I was shot between the eyes by Ronald McDonald.  I hate that clown and his fucking Happy Meals.  

So, we hopped in the car and drove 20 miles to McDonalds.

Fuck it.  The kids were happy and that was all that mattered.  I had decided at some point in the woods that afternoon to abandon my perfectly planned perfect outdoor adventure.  If going to McDonalds was going to keep the positive vibe going, I was definitely not going to force my preferences into the equation.  

“What do you want to do tonight?”, Emma asked the kids after we finished our super-size, artery-blocking meals.  “There are some board games in the cabin, I saw some horseshoes outside in the little play area, and I saw some swings around the corner.”

“Let’s go to a movie”, Bob said, dismissing Emma’s suggestions.

“Yeah”, Pete agreed, of course.  “Let’s see what’s playing.  I saw a movie theater when we were driving into town.  Let’s go drive by.”

Even that was a bit much for Emma.  “Come on guys.  We’re supposed to be roughing it.  We can eat McDonalds and go to a movie at home.  What do you say we get into the spirit of the trip and do something fun at the campsite?”

Pete and Bob looked at each other and telepathically considered whether or not they wanted to push it.  Neither one appeared to be excessively committed to ruining the trip, so they consented.

“Okay.  I guess so”, Bob acquiesced with rough overtones of skepticism.  

“It’ll be fun.  I promise”, Emma replied, probably not believing it herself.

We drove back to the cabin without much conversation.  I think we were all imagining what the evening would be like, each concocting a different disaster scenario in our heads.  I could think of a million different things we could do to entertain ourselves, so I wasn’t completely devoid of optimism.  We could find something we would all enjoy as long as the kids weren’t determined to have a bad time.

I don’t think the kids were consciously trying to have a bad time or ruin the trip.  I think a lot of it was more about them having no idea how to function in a world without technology and gadgets doing all of the work to entertain them.   This was what they were used to when they were home.  Some of it was the guilt they felt around their poor dad sitting at home in a miserable funk while his only reasons for living were out having fun with their new family.  I think the rest of it was about not being used to rustic accommodations where they didn’t have forty-two options for meals and activities presented to them by a guy wearing white gloves and a suit.  This was what they were used to when they were on vacation.  

Because of this, I really never held it against them for resisting the different pieces and parts of this trip.  They resisted it for the same reasons they order a hamburger at a Chinese restaurant.  It was out of their comfort zone and they didn’t want to risk a bad experience.  For kids, their behavior was perfectly normal.  

We pulled into the campsite and up to cabin #6.  Pete hopped out of the car and sauntered over to the horseshoes.  

“Hey Bob,” he started.  “Let’s play horseshoes.”  

“I’m not playing horseshoes.  That’s gay”, he recused himself and walked inside the cabin.

“Jack”, Pete moved on.  “Let’s play horseshoes.”

“Excellent”, I responded.  “That sounds like fun.  I get to be the green horseshoes.”  

“I don’t care”, Pete said.  “I wanted to be red anyway.  Red is so much cooler than green.”

Red is his favorite color and green is my favorite, so it worked out perfectly.  It’s funny how committed people are to their favorite color, no matter how old they are.  I still choose one thing over another, just because it is green.  I don’t know what it is about favorite colors, but people place such a high value on it and they do weird things when there is a choice that involves color.  

“No way”, I argued playfully.  “Green is way cooler than red.”

“Whatever”, Pete responded with a slight smile.  “I go first.  I called it. Yes”, he said, pumping his fist in a taunting motion.

“No problem.  I’ll beat you no matter who goes first”, I said with a challenge.  

“No way.  I’m going to beat you so bad.  I rule at horseshoes”, he said.

“Get ready for a wuppin’”, I joked.  “I was the New Jersey state champion at horseshoes in 1988.  There is no way you’ll win.”.

“No way.  You were state champion??”, he said astonished by my faux status.

“No, I’m just kidding.  But, I’m still going to beat you.  Bad.”

“You have to give me 5 points before we start.  You’re bigger than I am.  It’s not fair”, he pleaded despite my withdrawn status as state champ.

“What do you mean it’s not fair?  It’s just throwing a horseshoe.  It’s not like we are lifting cars.  Plus, you play baseball, so you should be able to throw these things a mile.

“Come on.  Just give me 2 points then.  

“One point.  That’s all I can give you.”

“Okay.  One point… Sucker”, he gloated as he picked up his first red horseshoe.  “You’re dead.”

“Don’t get too cocky.  I think we both know I’m going to win.”

“Yeah, right”, he mocked.

Nothing like a little smack-talking between opponents.  

We played horseshoes for a while, until Pete got bored or decided he had spent enough time with me.  Either way, we unceremoniously ended the competition and Pete decided he wanted to see what Bob was up to.  

Bob ended up over on the playground after finding nothing to do in the cabin, sitting on the swings when Pete spotted him.  Pete ran over and jumped on the See-Saw.  

“Hey Bob, let’s play See-Saw.”

Surprisingly, Bob said “okay” and hopped on the See-Saw.  

I stood there on the edge of the playground and watched them be brothers for almost an hour.  They ran, they jumped, they wrestled, they fought, they made up, and they ran around some more.  This was what I was hoping for when I planned the trip.  Nothing to do but make up your own fun.  It was great fun, just watching them.  I knew they had it in them.  With enough time and enough boredom, their ancestral instincts kicked in and they played like it was 1899.  

This act of recidivism plied them into the appropriate mood for some good ol’ board games when we went back to the cabin.  I was giddy with excitement.

After perusing the cabin’s selection of games Bob said with an unexpected sense of enthusiasm, “Let’s play Scrabble!”

“Yes.  I love Scrabble”, I thought.

“Great”, I said to the kids.  “But, I have to warn you.  I am the master of this game and I will win.”

I am so damn competitive when it comes to playing games.  I have no idea why.  Maybe it’s an after-effect of playing with my brother all those years.  Maybe it’s just my nature.  Whatever it is, I am ruthless when it comes to these games.  I hate to lose and I cut no one any slack on the rules.  If they beat me fair and square, that’s fine, and I won’t complain about it.  But, I will not throw a game just to be nice.  Kids need to learn how to play hard and play fair.  They have to learn that no one is going to give them everything they want, and they have to earn the things they win.  

It bugs the shit out of me when every kid gets a trophy at the end of every baseball/basketball/soccer/football season.  Why are we coddling our children to this degree?  Why do we feel we have to spare them the disappointment of losing?  Why do we feel the need to hide the fact that sometimes they deserve nothing?  Why do we have to delude our children into thinking they can be great at anything?  Everyone has their strengths and everyone has their weaknesses.  Why can’t we teach them to make sacrifices and try harder if they want to be the best?  Why can’t we teach them that sometimes they need to move on and find something else they can excel at?  Why are we teaching our kids to expect everything to be handed to them?  Next thing you know, we’ll outlaw Dodge Ball in school because it is too competitive or dangerous.  Oh, wait, we’ve already done that.  

There is nothing worse than a weak, whiny adult with a ridiculous sense of entitlement.  And, that is exactly what most kids will grow up to be if we don’t teach them otherwise.

Let me stand down from my soap box and get back to the story.

“No way”, they both disagreed vehemently. 

“You are going to lose so bad”, Pete said with a challenge and a smile.

“Bring it on”, I replied with the same challenge and smile.

We spent the night playing a few more of the board games in the cabin and we had a great time.  I really felt like a part of the family that night and I loved it.  This whole “family” thing was completely new to me and I was jumping right into it.  As far as I knew at the moment, it would always be like this.  I was completely oblivious to the foreshadowing of the earlier events and reactions, and what they would mean a few months later.  

The next day, we awoke to the spotty emergence of the sun behind the ominous clouds and we prepared for our whitewater rafting trip later that morning.  

“Shit”, I said quietly to Emma as I peered out of the window.  “It looks like rain out there.”

“Are you serious?”, Emma replied, almost expecting it.  

“Yup.  There is a little bit of sun coming through, but there are a lot of dark clouds on the horizon.  I don’t know which way the weather is moving, but it looks pretty dark just about everywhere.”

With a sigh, Emma said, “I hope it doesn’t rain.  That’s really the last thing we need.”

On cue, thunder clapped in the distance.  

“Was that thunder?”, Pete asked.

“Yes.  That was thunder”, I replied.  “It looks like rain out there.  The forecast said it wasn’t supposed to rain today, but I don’t know now.”

“Oh, great”, Bob sarcastically added some more salt to the wound.  “That just sucks.”

“Bob!  Watch your language”, Emma responded.  “We don’t talk like that.”

“Sorry mom”, Bob half-heartedly apologized.  “That stinks.”

“That’s better”, she responded.  “Now, y’all go peep and brush, then put your bathing suits on”, she said to both of them.

Not ready to get moving, Pete dropped his head back on to the pillow and disappeared from the conscious world.  He hated to get up in the morning and he was quite possibly the slowest moving human, most of the time.  When it’s something he wants to do, he moves like the wind.  When it’s something he is not excited about, you have to exert every effort to make him move an inch.  And, he has no problem making everyone wait for him to get ready.  In fact, he almost seems to take pleasure in it.    

“I’ll go first”, Bob stated lethargically and stumbled towards the bathroom.

“Okay baby”, Emma agreed.  “Make sure you brush your teeth.”

Bob grunted an acknowledgment of Emma’s request as he scratched his ass and closed the bathroom door behind him.  

“I guess they aren’t morning people”, I said to Emma and laughed.  “Look at Pete.  He’s dead to the world.”

“I know.  It is so hard getting these kids going in every morning.  You have no idea”, Emma sighed in memory of the exasperation.  “I swear, I have to yell at them for twenty minutes and practically drag them out of bed, just to get them moving.”

“I used to be the same way when I was their age”, I reminisced.  I could sleep forever and it would take a nuclear explosion to get me out of bed.  I remember one time when I was about 16 years old.  I slept from around midnight to eight o’clock the next night.  When I woke up and went downstairs, I asked my parents why it was still dark out at eight o’clock in the morning.  They were like, ‘Uh, it’s 8:00 at night.  Why would it still be light out?’  I couldn’t believe I had slept so long.  That was funny.”

“You slept until 8:00 the next night??”, Emma asked in complete disbelief.  “Weren’t your parents worried?”

“I guess not”, I half-wondered.  “They must have figured I was upstairs listening to music or doing whatever.  I’m sure they didn’t know I was asleep.  Plus, they were never all that tight on what I did and when, which was great.  If I didn’t need to be doing something, they pretty much left me alone and let me figure out whatever I needed to do.  We spent an average amount of time together when we were all home, but when I wasn’t around they didn’t come looking for me, like you do with Pete and Bob.  They never had to do too much to entertain me or take care of me when I got older.  I think it helped make me more independent, so I think it was a good way to do it.  I wasn’t getting into trouble, so I guess there really wasn’t a need to keep tabs on me.  I can’t imagine living in a house where every move I made was open for public consumption and debate.  I think your mom would have driven me nuts if she was my mom.  I think we would have butted heads pretty bad.  I just can’t stand having someone up in my shit all the time, giving me grief for every little thing.  Just thinking about that story you told me about your mom forbidding you from seeing your boyfriend for six months when you were sixteen because she found out that he was at the house where you were babysitting, makes my skin crawl.  I mean, you were a good kid and you weren’t getting into trouble.  I don’t understand why she came down on you so hard.    

“I don’t know either”, she pondered.  “I think she just had a very clear idea of what right and wrong looked like and she would not tolerate what she considered bad behavior.  Plus, she didn’t want us doing anything that would reflect badly on her.  Perception was very important to her.  In her mind, it was asking for trouble to be alone in a house with your boyfriend.  And, she was having none of it.  That’s the way she is and she didn’t have a problem punishing us for doing things she thought was wrong.”

“Man”, I shook my head.  “I don’t know how you dealt with that.  I don’t know if I could have put up with it.”

“You are such a rebel,” she responded wryly.    

“Yeah, well, you know”, I said laughing a bit.  

“So, what time do we need to leave for whitewater rafting?”, she asked, getting us back on task.  

“We need to be in the car at 10am, latest.  So, we have about an hour to get ready.  Are you going to take a shower?”

“No.  I’m just going to brush my teeth and throw on a hat.”

“Yeah.  Me too.  No point in taking a shower before we get all wet and slimy from the river.”

“Yup.”

“Hey mom”, Bob called from the bathroom.  “Do we have any whittles?”

“They are in the beach bag under the sink”, Emma replied.

“What the hell are whittles?”, I asked.

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, what the hell are whittles?,” I repeated with a playfully confused smile.

“They are those little cotton swab things you use to clean your ears,” she said confused by my ignorance.

“You mean Q-Tips?”

“Yeah.  Q-Tips.”

“So, why don’t you just call them Q-Tips?  I’ve never heard of anyone calling them whittles.  Is that a southern thing?”

“I don’t know.  I’ve always called them whittles and I’ve only lived in the South.  I’m not sure where it came from.  Why, what do you call them?”

“Q-Tips”, I said with tones of sarcasm.  “I call them Q-Tips because that’s what they are.”

“Well, we call them whittles”, she said in defense of the South.

“I can’t do that”, I said in defense of the North.  “They are Q-Tips.”

“Whatever”, she said in feigned resignation.  “You call them Q-tips and we’ll call them whittles.”  

Bob emerged from the bathroom and announced that he was ready.

“Is Pete still sleeping?”, he asked his mom.

“Yes, he fell back asleep as soon as you went into the bathroom”, Emma replied.  “Why don’t you wake him up?”

Bob got that older brother grin on his face and ran over to the bed and leaped onto Pete.  

“Wake up!”, Bob shouted in his ear before proceeding to jump up and down on the bed.  “Wake up you bum!  Go get ready!”

“Get off of me!”, Pete yelled in a disoriented, angry daze.  “Mom!  Tell Bob to get off of me!”

“Not until you get up”, Bob countered.  

“Alright, alright!  I’m up.  Just get off of me!”, Pete said with little brother hatred of the despot on his back.  

“Bob.  Get off of Pete”, Emma jumped in.  “Just let him alone.”

“Tell him to get up”, Bob persisted.

“He’ll get up if you get off of him”, Emma said.

Acknowledging the wisdom of this statement and having had his fun, Bob jumped off of Pete while pushing his head into the pillow.

“Mom!”, Pete yelled in frustrated anger.  

“Bob!”, Emma cautioned him.  “Why did you have to push his head into the pillow?  Why couldn’t you just get off of him?”

“He started it”, Bob reasoned.  “He wouldn’t get up.”

“You never gave him a chance to get up.  You just jumped on him and started screaming at him”, Emma said, showing signs of losing her patience.

“You are such a jerk!”, Pete said pushing his luck.

“No, you’re a jerk”, Bob retorted and continued.  “You’re so gay.  Why don’t you just get up and stop crying like a baby.”

Sensing the situation was about to get way out of hand, Emma stood up to take control and said, “Bob, get off your brother.  Pete, get up and get ready.  Both of you are acting like animals.  Stop it.”

“What do you mean me??”, Pete whined indignantly.  “I wasn’t doing anything.  Why are you blaming me??  You are so unfair.  Bob always gets away with murder and you yell at me for doing nothing.  Why don’t you yell at him for being a jerk??”

“Right now, I don’t care who did what.  Let’s just get ready and go”, Emma said trying to diffuse the situation.

“You are such a jerk”, Pete said to Bob.

Bob responded with a “jack slap” to the back of the head and said, “Quit being such a baby.  You are such a little girl.  You are always crying to mom.  Why don’t you be a man and stop crying?”  

“I’m not a baby”, Pete said with watery eyes.  “Mom, tell Bob to stop bothering me.”

“Pete.  Just walk away”, Emma said, not knowing what else to say or do.  “And, Bob, leave Pete alone.”

“Fine”, Bob said in the finality of a mean older brother victory.  

Pete got up out of bed and headed towards the bathroom as Bob made a jerking motion with his head like he was going to hit Pete.  Pete scuttled around the bed and ran towards the bathroom while making his exit statement to Bob, “You’re such a jerk!”

“Bob.  Why do you have to act like that?”, Emma asked in irritation.

“He started it”, Bob said in defiance.

“Bob, you know he didn’t start it.  Why do you have to start trouble?  Why can’t you just leave him alone?”, Emma asked.

Bob shrugged his shoulders with a twisted smile and said, “I don’t know”.

“Just control yourself and leave Pete alone.  Okay?”, Emma said with all the exasperation and melancholy thoughts of a doomed vacation.

“Tell him to stop being gay”, Bob said, with an obnoxious smile.

“Just leave him alone”, Emma finished.

Emma turned to me with a look of abject frustration, pleading with her eyes to somehow make it all better.  

That scene took me back to my life as a younger brother and it was almost funny to watch it happen from the other side.  Actually, it was extremely funny to watch.  It was all I could do to not laugh while the whole thing unfolded.  I could almost predict exactly what each of them would do and say.  I swear, kids have not changed a bit since time began.  And, I don’t think they will ever change.  Older brothers will always pick on their younger brothers and younger brothers will always split their time between hating their older brothers and idolizing them.  

As I saw how obnoxious Bob was acting, I completely empathized with Pete.  But, at the same time, I realized how tough I became because my brother relentlessly beat on me and picked on me.  So, I was torn.  I knew how horrible it is to endure that kind of torture, but I was also able to rationalize the long-term benefit of it.  I didn’t want Pete to go through what I went through, but I didn’t want him to grow up weak either.  But, more importantly at the time, Bob had to learn to control himself and behave like a man.  

“Bob”, I started without knowing where I was going with it.  “You can’t pick on Pete for no reason.  It’s not right and you know it.  He’s younger than you and he’s smaller than you.  It’s not right to pick on people smaller than you.  I know what goes on between brothers and I know it’s hard not to pick on him.  But, you have to learn where the line is and not cross it.  Pete loves you and he looks up to you.  Just give him a break, okay?”

I don’t know if it was the message or the fact that it came from me, but a look came over Bob’s face like I had just shot Old Yeller.  His eyes started to water and he bowed his head towards the floor.  “Okay”, he said in a completely defeated tone.  

I felt horrible.  I know I didn’t say anything mean, but I had clearly hurt him.  If I knew him better or longer, I would have gone over to him and hugged him and told him that everything would be okay.  But, I didn’t feel comfortable doing that and I don’t think he would have been comfortable with it either.  So, we both went back to our corners and tried to act like it never happened.  

“God, I feel like shit now”, I whispered to Emma.  “I didn’t think he would take it so hard.  Why do you think he is so upset?”

“I think it’s because he really likes you and he can’t stand for you to be mad at him”, Emma offered as a reason.

“But, I’m not mad at him at all.  I just know what it’s like to be picked on by your older brother and I wanted Bob to know that he went a bit too far.”

“I know”, Emma consoled me.  “You didn’t do anything wrong.  It just may be a bit soon for you to correct Bob.  He’s a very sensitive kid underneath it all and it probably upset him to think he did something wrong in your eyes.”

“I had no idea he was so sensitive”, I said almost to myself.  “Now I feel like crap.”

“No, you shouldn’t feel bad at all.  You did the right thing.  I never expected him to react like that either”, she said with all the sympathy she could muster.

“Maybe I should leave the behavioral corrections to you for now”, I said unsure of how to handle this.  “I don’t want either of the kids to hate me.  And, I don’t want them to think I’m trying to be their dad.  I don’t know.  What do you think?”

“I think you may want to focus on getting to know each other for now”, she said.  “I want the kids to like you and I don’t want to give them any reason to not like you.  Especially because of discipline issues.  Just be who you are and don’t worry about directly disciplining them right now.”

I felt like I had just been punched in the throat.  I certainly wasn’t trying to be their dad, but it was very difficult for me to stand by and say nothing when things like this happened.  Whatever my idea of being a stepdad was two days ago, this was a huge surprise to me.  I had no idea the kids would react like this for something I thought was completely innocuous.  It was impossible for me to wrap my brain around the idea of holding my tongue for the greater good.  I always spoke my mind and really wanted to play an active role in raising and teaching the kids.  Now, that was gone.  I had to stand in the background and let Emma be the bad guy.  I hated that.  There is no reason she should have to carry that burden all by herself.  She had spent the last 20 years being the bad guy because Ted would never stand up and act like a father.  He was too scared to risk the kids being mad at him, so he always took their side while Emma was forced to be the adult.  Partly because of my convictions and partly because of how she spent her previous married life, I swore to her that I would not let her do this alone.  I promised I would be the best stepdad I could be, and I was being cut off at the knees almost before I got started.  

This was just the beginning of a very difficult adjustment period for me.  I had to stand by and watch the kids say mean, horrible things to Emma in defiant conflict over control issues.  I had to listen to them treat Emma like crap because they blamed her for everything that went wrong in the world.  As Ted’s poison took over their hearts, I had to watch Emma take an unbelievable amount of abuse from her kids.  Every once in a while it got to be too much and I jumped in and put an end to their verbal assault.  But, for the most part, I said nothing.  I was completely confused and frustrated with the reality of my situation.  I had no idea how to handle it.  They never attacked me or blamed me, for whatever reason, so I never really had a reasonable segue into the conflict.  It was between them and there was nothing I could do.  

I struggled every day with a mountain of conflict inside my heart.  I was completely unsure whether I was taking the easy way out or if I was taking one for the team.  I had no idea what was the right way to handle this situation.  I wanted to actively parent the kids, but I was deathly afraid it would make things worse for all of us.  The last thing we needed was for the kids to hate both of us.  The last thing we needed was to give the kids another reason to reject us.  

I was completely torn and it killed me every day.  I wanted the kids to have at least a modicum of peace in their hearts, but I desperately wanted to be a parent for them.  They needed my guidance, but they never would have accepted me in a parental role.  To them, I was just their mom’s new husband.  Nothing more.  I was not their real dad and they would have violently rebelled against any overture to increase the scope of my relationship with them.  They liked me just the way I was and I was stuck.  

Like I said, most of the books I had read said that stepparents should never attempt to be the disciplinarian or be anything other than a friend to the kids.  I certainly saw the logic in this, but it was very difficult to accept such a passive role.  And, which expert should I believe?  Because there were other experts who said every new stepparent needs to act like a parent from the first day and establish roles right away.  These experts said I was a legitimate parent and that I needed to act like it, regardless of how the kids reacted.  They said that the kids would learn to accept my role as their parent and they would eat me alive if they sensed any weakness.  If I didn’t set the rules right away, pandemonium would ensue.  

However, mine was an extraordinary situation.  You had all of the normal resistance and confusion going on, but I also had a nut case ex-husband who was poisoning his own children’s hearts.  Emma and I determined very early on that we would all be much better off if I stayed out of the daily battles and discussed everything with her in private.  So, that’s what I did.

I am very slowly making strides towards acting like a real parent, but I am still very much behind the scenes.  And, it still bothers me.  I have to suck it up and accept the boundaries of my existence in their family, if we have any chance at getting along.  

Oh well.  What are you gonna do?

After a few minutes of scanning my brain for a solution to hurting Bob I walked over to him, looked him in the eye and said, “Look.  I’m not mad at you at all.  I’m just concerned about the way you treat Pete sometimes.  I know what it’s like to be a younger brother and I know what it’s like to be picked on.  You are a great person and I just don’t want to see this brother stuff get out of hand.  Does that make sense?”

Bob dropped his head again and nodded a “yes” to me.  

“I’m sorry if I hurt your feelings”, I continued.  “I wasn’t trying to come down on you.  I was just trying to make a point.  Okay?”

“Mmm hmmm”, he mumbled.  

I turned and walked back to Emma, feeling like total shit.  What the Hell was I doing?  How could I have screwed up so badly, so soon?

“That was really nice of you”, Emma offered her condolences.  “He’ll be fine.”

“I know”, I said unconvinced.  

A couple minutes later, Pete came out of the bathroom, ready to go.  Looking at Bob, he said to Emma, “What’s wrong with Bob?”

“Nothing sweetie”, she said.  “Did you brush your teeth?”

“Yeah.  What’s wrong with Bob?”, he repeated.

“I said nothing, sweetie”, Emma parried.  “Go get your bathing suit on.  I’m going to brush my teeth, then we have to go.”

Pete knew something was up, but he relented.  He saw Bob was upset and he was not about to push his luck.  Plus, I think he felt some sympathy for his older brother and he didn’t want to upset him any more than he already was.  So, he did what any guy would do in that situation.  He ignored it.  

At 10:23am, we were in the car and on our way to the launch site on the New River.  At 10:25 the skies opened up and buckets of rain began to fall all around us.  Everyone was a bit too bummed out to complain, so we all just stared out the window and silently cursed the weather.  

“This is going to suck”, I thought to myself.  

By the time we arrived at the launch site the rain had diminished to a mere misting, leaving us slightly hopeful.  We all exited the car and started to get our rafting gear on.  It couldn’t have been more than 30 seconds before Emma had the camera out, telling the kids to get together for a picture.  

I think the rain had partially cleansed us of our foul mood because the kids didn’t fight it very much, especially compared to what I expected.  They even had some excitement on their faces when Emma dropped the order to “Smile!”  If nothing else, at least we got some proof on film that the kids weren’t completely miserable the entire time.

We made our way down to the raft bus that would drive us up to the drop-in point a few miles upstream, with very tempered enthusiasm for the day ahead of us.  I knew that if the rapids were wild and the rain held out, we would have a chance at success.  Otherwise, this part of the trip was doomed for failure, along with the entirety of the trip.  I crossed my fingers and boarded the bus, loaded up with the most uncomfortable assembly of safety gear anyone had ever put together.  If we went off a giant waterfall like Marshall, Will, and Holly in Land of the Lost, we would be well-prepared.  

I swear, we couldn’t have been in that raft for more than five minutes before we were bombarded by a torrential downpour that froze us to the bone and pretty much killed the whole day.  If I had nickel for every time Pete or Bob told us that they were freezing and miserable… well, I’d have a lot of nickels.  

To top it off, we never went through any rapids higher than Class III.  In lay terms, the rapids sucked.  Even I thought they sucked.  There were supposed to be some Class IV rapids but I never noticed them.  So, in essence, we gently floated on the water outside in the freezing rain for 2.5 hours.  

By the time it was over, we were all crabby and we were all ready to end our first trip together as a new family.  And, that is how Phase One of our honeymoon went.  


Chapter Nine


On the way home, we dropped the kids off at Emma’s parents’ house for the week, went home to pack and get some sleep before waking up the next day at 4am for our flight to Puerto Rico.

4am comes very early, let me tell you.  I hate to wake up early anyway and this was not the way I wanted to start our honeymoon.  We woke up, still irritable from Phase One of our honeymoon, and blindly made our way through the steps of getting out the door.  Emma felt rushed and I was just cranky.  We were not yet in the “honeymoon mood”, but it didn’t take us long to get there as we sped along the highway towards the airport.      

Although Phase One didn’t go that well, it was impeccably planned out.  I was in charge of both phases of the honeymoon and I had taken care of everything.  Emma didn’t have to worry about a thing.  All she had to do was show up and have fun.  Phase Two of the honeymoon was going to be great.  Nothing could get in our way.  The weather didn’t matter.  We didn’t have to entertain the kids.  All we had to do was be married and laze through the next five days.   

I helped Emma plan the wedding, but she did most of the work.  So, I was very happy I could take all of the honeymoon planning bullshit off of her plate.  We were on our way to the Horned Dorset resort in a little town called Rincón on the western side of Puerto Rico, and we were both getting very excited.  It was a five star hotel all the way, right on the beach.  It looked perfect on the website and we were not disappointed when we got there.  The reality of being married was finally sinking in and we were thoroughly enjoying it.  

To start off our trip, we had a layover in Charlotte before we went straight down to San Juan.  We had another hour or so until our next flight took off, so we bellied up to the bar at some Margarita place in the airport.  We were sitting there, so completely in love, talking about how great our honeymoon was going to be when Emma said, “Who is that guy?”

“What guy?”

“That guy over there behind you.  People keep going up to him and asking him for an autograph.”

I turned around and spotted the white elephant.  “Holy shit”, I whispered to her.  “That is Quentin Tarentino!  Holy shit.  That is so cool.”

“Who is Quentin Tarentino?”, she asked innocently.

I stared at her for a couple of seconds in complete and absolute disbelief, wondering who this person was that sat across from me.  How could I have possibly married someone who did not know who Quentin Tarentino is?  Although, she is completely clueless when it comes to famous people.  I did know that about her.  She either doesn’t know who they are or she doesn’t recognize them when she sees them.  She has a long list of music and movie stars that she spoke to or sat next to, and she didn’t know who they were until someone told her afterwards.  How wonderfully oblivious is that?  

“Who is Quentin Tarentino?”, I repeated in disbelief.  “Pulp Fiction, Reservoir Dogs, Kill Bill…  Ring a bell?  He wrote and directed all those movies.  His movies are incredible.  How could you not know who he is?  You’ve watched all of those movies with me, you know.”

“No.  I had no idea”, she responded indifferently.  “Are you going to ask him for his autograph?”

“Nah.  I don’t want to be one of those geeks who fawns all over him and bothers him while he is trying to have a drink with a friend”, I said, wishing I was one of those geeks.  

“I wish Chris were here”, Emma said in a apparent non sequitor.

“What do you mean?”

“He loves his movies.  He’s mentioned him a couple of times.  I know he’d die to meet him.  I should call him.”

“Yeah.  Definitely.  He’d get a kick out of it.  Give him a call.”

 She fished out her phone from among the mountain of crap in her purse and dialed his number.

“Hey baby”, Emma said to Chris.

I couldn’t hear what Chris was saying, so I’ll just tell you what she said.

“Guess who we’re sitting next to”, she said with and infectious enthusiasm.  “Quentin Tarentino.”

“Yeah.  He’s sitting a couple of seats down from us.”

“We’re in the Charlotte airport.”

“Yeah, he’s about 10 feet away.”

“I don’t know.  I’ll ask him.”

“Chris wants me to ask you if you will get his autograph for him”.

“Sure”, I said, excited for both of us.  This was the excuse I was looking for.  I could be the geek with an alibi and meet Quentin Tarentino.  Excellent.

“He said he’ll do it.”

“Okay sweetie.  I’ll talk to you soon.  I love you baby.”

“Do you have a pen and paper?”, I asked Emma, hoping I wouldn’t be invading this guy’s privacy too obtrusively.  

“Yeah.  I’m sure I do”, she said, digging around her purse.

She handed me the pen and paper then said, “Thanks so much for doing this for Chris.  He’ll really appreciate it.”  Then my new wife kissed me tenderly and told me how much she loved me.

I walked over to his table and stood a few feet away, listening for a break in the conversation he was having with the girl he was with.  I stood there for 87 days, waiting for my moment that did not want to arrive.  Eventually, he noticed me standing there and looked at me, knowing the drill.  

I stepped towards him a bit sheepishly and said, “Hi.  I am so sorry for interrupting you.  I hate to do this to you, but my stepson is a huge fan of yours and he would die to get your autograph.  Do you mind?”

I offered him the pen and paper, hoping he wouldn’t be too annoyed by the situation.  

“Sure, no problem”, he said without hesitation.  “What’s your stepson’s name?”

“Chris”, I said with a huge smile on my face.  

As he handed me the paper with his autograph, signed “to my good friend Chris”, I shook his hand and said, “Thank you so much.  I really appreciate it.”

Then, like every complete dork on the planet, I said “I love your movies, man.  I think I’ve seen Pulp Fiction over 100 times.  It was great meeting you.”  

“You too.  Have a good one”, he responded politely and germanely with a genuine smile.  

I returned the friendly smile and turned to walk back to my lovely wife, like I had just won the lottery.  As I sat back down in my chair, I said to Emma, “That was so cool.  He is so nice.  I’m sure he must be sick of people bothering him all the time, but he was totally cool about it.  Wow.  That was awesome.”

Emma smiled and laughed at me, thoroughly enjoying this moment with me and for me.  She knew how much I loved his movies and she knew how excited I was to meet him.  I loved seeing that look on her face, like she enjoyed it as much as I did, just because it meant something to me.  

What a great wife.

What a great day.

When we landed in San Juan about three hours later, it was 85 degrees, sunny, and not a cloud in the sky.  The honeymoon hadn’t even started yet and it was already perfect.  We collected our bags without incident (miracle), met our driver from the hotel and hopped in the car towards The Horned Dorset.  It was about a 2 hour drive across the island, so we sat back and got comfortable.  

“So, what do you think so far?”, I asked Emma.

“So far, it’s great.  I’m so glad to finally be on our honeymoon, just us.  This is going to be a great week.  I hope the weather stays like this the whole time.”

“I know.  I think it hardly ever rains here during the summer, so I think it should be fine.  Plus, the forecast called for warm and sunny the whole week.  I think it’ll be perfect.”

“So, what do we have planned?  Are we doing anything in particular, or are we going to play it by ear?”

“We’re mostly going to play it by ear, but I have a few surprises planned”, I said coyly.  

“That sounds good”, she said with absolute love in her eyes and smile.  

I think I could have told her we were going to scavenge garbage dumps and eat maggots for breakfast, and she would have been just as excited.  We were both so excited to be married and on our honeymoon.  We had gone through so much to get here and things finally seemed to be going our way.  In that car, at that moment, all of the bullshit disappeared and we were the only two people on the planet.  It was heaven.

About 30 minutes into the cab ride, Emma’s phone rang and both of our hearts dropped to our toes.  This could not be good.  We both felt like things were going way too well and something had to come along to ruin it.  

“Mother fucker”, I thought.  “Please don’t be bad news.  Please don’t be bad news.”

It was Chris’s girlfriend, Susan, calling from the hospital back home.  

My ear was right next to the phone, so I heard Susan say after a momentary pause, “Chris is okay, but he was in an accident on his scooter.  I haven’t talked to the doctor but I think he broke his ankle.  It doesn’t seem to be anything more than that, so he should be fine.”

Emma took a deep breath and replied, “What happened?”

“I’m not sure.  I just got here myself.  Chris’s dad is here and he is crying hysterically, so I can’t get any information out of him.”

“When will you know how he is doing?”

“I don’t know.  I think the doctor is supposed to come out and tell us what’s going on pretty soon”.  From the very little I know, Chris is fine.  Nothing major and nothing to worry about.”

“Okay.  Well, call me back as soon as you know anything”, Emma said in a nervously soothing tone.  “I’ll leave my phone on, and you can call me anytime.  I don’t care what time it is.  Just call me after you hear from the doctor.  Okay?  And, thank you so much for calling, Susan.  I’ll talk to you soon.”

Chris had been in many crazy-kid accidents growing up, but Emma was always there to take care of everything.  Now, she was on her honeymoon and the Universe was punishing her for being happy.  I can’t imagine anything worse than getting that call, at that time, and not being able to do anything about it.  

“Chris was in an accident”, she said to me with obvious traces of fear in her voice.

“I know.  I heard”, I said, stroking her hair.  

“What should we do?  Should we go home?”

“If you think it’s the right thing to do, then we’ll turn right around and go home”, I responded, unaware of the protocol in this type of situation.  “Susan said that he broke his ankle and that he’ll be fine, right?  Is there anything you can do if we go back?”

“If that’s all it is, then no, I couldn’t do anything more or different if we went back”, she said with the wheels churning.  “But, he’s hurt and I need to be there for him.  He needs me.”

“I understand why you want to be there, but he is twenty years old and it’s just a broken ankle.  I know it’s not nothing, but he’s going to have to deal with these things on his own someday.  I know he’s used to you taking care of everything, but I don’t think he needs you there to take care of everything anymore”, I said, not sure if I was trying to convince her or myself.  “Plus, Ted is there.  He can handle it, right?”

“Are you kidding me?”, she said with a growing sense of urgency.  “He can’t handle anything.  You heard Susan.  He’s crying in a corner, helpless.  He won’t be able to do anything for Chris.  He’ll just wander around lost, crying, and looking for someone to blame.  If anything, he’ll make it worse.  If I’m not there, Chris will have to figure it out on his own, and, he’ll have to deal with Ted acting like an idiot.  Besides, Chris doesn’t know any of the insurance information.  He’s never had to do this kind of thing on his own.”

“Well, I don’t know Chris too well, beyond what you’ve told me about him, but he seems like the kind of guy who can handle anything.  He may not have had to do this kind of thing before, but I don’t think there is any doubt he can do whatever he sets his mind to, right?  And, Susan is a smart girl.  She can help out with whatever comes up.  Look.  Chris is a very capable kid and I’m sure he can take care of this just fine.”   

“True”, she said, calming down a bit.  “He has never had any fear of doing anything.”

“Why don’t we wait until Susan calls us back before we make a decision?  If there is something about his medical condition we don’t know about now and it’s more than just a broken ankle, we’ll get on the first plane out of here.  If it’s just a broken ankle and he’ll be fine, I’m sure someone will take care of what needs to get done.  He’s an adult now and he should be able to handle this just fine.  Okay?” 

I didn’t want to seem heartless and selfish, like all I cared about was the honeymoon, but this was a good example of what I thought Emma had to learn to face.  Her kids were growing up and they needed to be able to take care of themselves.  Emma had always done absolutely everything for her kids.  They were her entire life and she spent every waking minute doting on them.  They never really had to worry about anything.  Emma always took care of it.  Only problem is, as they got older, they still relied on her to do all the hard stuff for them.  When things went bad, they called her to figure it out.  She was their convenient, reliable crutch and they certainly didn’t learn the need or the skills to be strong, independent men from their dad.  They were strong young men, except when it came to dealing with crises or complicated situations.  In my mind, it was time Emma and the boys adjusted their roles and expectations.  She would have to make the shift from mothering the kids to fathering them, if they were going to grow up to be capable, responsible men.  And the boys would have to start taking care of themselves without a safety net.  

It was my first week on the job, so all I could do was offer my opinion and let Emma handle this in the way she felt most comfortable.

“Okay”, Emma replied uneasily.  She knew it was the right thing to do.  She just didn’t feel right about it.  

The next hour and a half were painful.  We hardly spoke, as we both spent the rest of the trip to the hotel in our own heads running scenarios.  It was an enormous buzz-kill, but we would soon recover from the shock and get on with our honeymoon.

Susan called as we were pulling into the Horned Dorset parking lot.  She said that Chris was fine.  He broke his ankle pretty badly, but he was not in any danger.  Like we thought, Chris had all the nurses running around, taking care of his case and the insurance company.  Everything was squared away.  Ted signed some insurance forms after Chris and the nurses had taken care of all the details, and he would be released in the next hour.  

Disaster averted.  

I knew Emma desperately wanted to be there with Chris, but she knew that he was okay and that it was best if she continued on with the honeymoon.  She wouldn’t be able to visit with him anyway since Ted was there and he would have caused a horrible scene if she showed up.  Ted would turn this into being all about him and how Emma was such a terrible mother for abandoning her son when he needed her.  There was no point in being there other than proximity if something weird happened and Chris needed more medical attention.  

So, we went on with our honeymoon.  

We stepped out of the car and surveyed the area with wonder and excitement.  The secluded resort property had ten or twelve smallish buildings that served as a proper contrast to the poverty-stricken neighborhood we drove through just minutes prior.  It felt like we were on our own little island, protected by black iron gates and the aura of exclusivity.  Except for the poverty-stricken neighborhood that surrounded us, this was exactly what I had expected.  

We walked into the simple, rustic check-in bungalow hand-in-hand, euphoric with anticipation of the week ahead of us.  I guess I was expecting a very lavishly adorned check-in area, based on what the rest of the resort looked like on the website.  This introductory building was not lavish, but it had a tropical elegance to it.  It was simply quaint and there were all the indications of a very nice hotel.  It had a range of ridiculously expensive articles of clothing and beach gear set up in glass cases mounted on the stucco walls that told the world this was a first-class resort.  

The wooden-fern fan blades layed a gentle breeze on our skin as we wiped the Puerto Rico sweat from our foreheads onto our shirt sleeves and greeted the desk clerk.  

“Hola amigos.  Como puedo ayudarles a ustedes?”, he asked us.  

It was great to hear Spanish again.  I hadn’t really spoken Spanish since I lived in Spain, so it was fun to get back into it.  My Spanish proficiency had all but disappeared and I was anxious to practice again.  

I’m assuming you don’t speak Spanish, so I’ll translate the rest of the conversation.  

“Hi.  We’re checking in.  Last name, Fisher”, I said with pride as I tightened my grip on my new wife’s hand to acknowledge the significance of this statement.

“Very good”, the clerk said formally.  “Welcome Mr. and Mrs. Fisher and thank you for choosing the Horned Dorset to celebrate your honeymoon.  We’ve been expecting you.”

I turned my head to wink at Emma and she was already looking at me with the most glorious smile I had ever seen.  We smiled our love at each other and soaked-in the momentous occasion of being called Mr. and Mrs. Fisher for the first time in the real world.  Wow.  That felt good.  And it felt right.  I was born to marry this spectacular woman and it only took me thirty-five years to realize my dream.  I would have waited seven lifetimes to marry her, so thirty-five years seemed like nothing.  I could not have been any happier.  When I looked at her I knew she felt the same.

“Your room is ready”, the clerk continued.  “I will have someone bring your bags to your room right away.  Would you like someone to show you to your room?”

“No thanks”, I replied almost unaware of his presence.  “Just point us in the right direction and we’ll find it.”

“Very good”, he replied appropriately and pointed behind us.  “Just follow that path to the right, behind the pool.  It’s the large building on your left.  You are room number 8.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.”

“Great.  Thank you”, I said as I turned for the open archway and escorted my wife to our honeymoon suite.

The room was fabulous, but it wasn’t the room I reserved.  I booked a room with a private terrace and this one did not have a private terrace.  

“Shit.  This isn’t the right room”, I said to Emma.  “We’re supposed to have a roof top terrace.  I’m going to call the front desk.”

“Are you sure?  I’m fine here if you prefer this room.”

“Well, this room has a private pool outside on the deck, but I was really looking forward to the private roof top terrace.  It has a great view of the ocean and we can sit under the sun without anyone else around us.”
  
“Ooh.  That sounds nice”, she said with visions of solitary sun-bathing.  “Let’s see if we can get that one.”

“I’m with you.  Let me give that guy a call”, I said picking up the phone.

“Hello.  This is Jack Fisher in room 8.  We just arrived at our room and it’s not the room I booked.  I booked the room with the rooftop terrace.  Can you send someone down with the correct key and show us to the room we reserved?”

“I’m sorry Mr. Fisher”, the clerk said deferentially.  “The room you requested is under construction, so we upgraded you to a room with a private pool.  Is that not acceptable?”  

“Well, it is certainly nice, but we really wanted the room with the rooftop terrace”, I gently challenged.  “If it’s at all possible, we would prefer to stay in the room I originally booked.  Is that possible?”

“Let me check.  Please hold the line”, he said to either buy time or to confer with his manager for an adequate solution.  After a short wait, he came back on the line.

“Mr. Fisher?”

“Yes.”

“Your original room was scheduled to be under construction this week, but we had to push it back until next week.  So, if you wish, we can put you in the room with the roof top terrace.  Is that your preference?”

“Yes, that would be great”, I responded with relief from the small but important victory.  I nodded to Emma, indicating we would be able to move over to the room we both wanted.

“Very well”, he assented, sounding like he was hoping we would stay in the current room.  “I will send someone over to meet you at your new room with the room key and your luggage.  Your new room is in the same building on the second floor.  It is room number 18.”

“Excellent”, I replied.  “Thank you for your help.”

“You are very welcome sir”, he replied considerately and mechanically.  

I hung up the phone and said, “Sweet.  We can get into the other room.  They said it was supposed to be under construction, but for some reason they won’t get to it until next week.”

“That’s great”, she said holding my hand and kissing me gently.  “I can’t wait to see it.”

“I know.  Me either”, I agreed eagerly.  “It’s room number 18, just upstairs.  They’re sending someone over right now to let us in the room and bring our luggage.  You ready?”

“Yup.  Let’s go”, she smiled and hugged me.

We walked upstairs with our arms around each other, fitting perfectly into each other with each step.  For some reason, that always seemed like a sign that we were perfect for each other.  I’ve never been with someone where it wasn’t awkward to walk with our arms around each other.  I always gave up and just walked next to them.  Until Emma, there was always an annoying lack of synchronicity in the pace and length of our strides that threw us off kilter.  With Emma, our bodies folded right into each other and we maintained a technical ecstasy in the way we walked together.  It just felt right.  Like we were one person walking instead of two people stumble-fucking our way around, forcing the closeness.  

We entered our honeymoon suite, took a look around and both said, “Hmm.”  

“It’s quite a bit smaller than the other one, isn’t it?”, I stated with slight regret of moving rooms.

“Yes it is.  It’s really nice, though.”

“I’m sure we can go back to the other room if you want.”

“No, not at all.  I love it.  Why don’t we take a look at the terrace before we even think about moving back?  Then, if you want to move back, we can do that.”

“Deal.  Now, where is the terrace?  There doesn’t seem to be a door to it”, I said while surveying the room.  

“Is that it?”, I said, pointing to a dark, weathered door in the back of the room.

“I don’t know.  Could be”, she said walking towards the door.  She opened it and said, “I think this is it.  There is a staircase going up.  Let’s go see.”

She started walking up the stairs with me directly behind her, grabbing the cheeks of her butt with every step.  She looked over her shoulder, smiled at me and playfully said, “What are you doing?”

“Pinching my wife’s butt”, I replied with a great big smile and a handful of butt.

“Really?”, she said with a smile that told me she was my wife for the rest of our lives.  

“Yup”, I said while pushing her faster up the stairs by the butt.

We reached the top of the stairs and walked out on to our private roof top terrace over-looking the endless blue sky and endlessly clear ocean.  

“Wow”, I said in awe of the vista and loving the set-up.  There was a neat Spanish tile floor with a table and two sitting chairs and two lounge chairs fulfilling the image I had expected in my head.  “This is incredible.  Look at that view.  Geez Louise.”

“Yeah.  It’s perfect.  Let’s stay here.”

“Oh yeah”, I said nodding my head.  “We’re staying here.”

We stood there for a minute in the barely breezy air and processed all of the emotions we were having and implicitly sharing.  This was heaven.  We could not have found a more perfect place to go on our honeymoon.  This was it.  This was the postcard.  We found it and we deserved it.  

I bear-hugged my wife and said, “I love you so much Emma.  Thank you for marrying me.  I could not be happier.”  

“Me too”, she said into my mouth as she kissed me and languidly melted into me.  She ended the kiss very slowly tilting her head back to look into my eyes and said, “I love you Jack.  So much.”  Then she rested her head on my shoulder and hugged me tightly for confirmation.  

We spent the rest of the day on the terrace catching some sun, drinking Margaritas, reading, talking, and thoroughly enjoying every minute.  We were in our own world and we were loving each other like we never thought possible a few years ago, in our own private hells, alone and miserable.  

The next morning, we woke up next to each other with visions of every morning being exactly like this.  I looked over to my right, amazed to see her there.  This was not a dream.  This was real.  Emma was my wife.  “Holy shit”, I thought.  “We are married!  Someone pinch me.”  I stared at her for around fifteen minutes, studying every millimeter of her beautiful face, before she emerged from her dreams.  

“How is my beautiful wife doing?”, I asked with an ear-to-ear grin.  

She smiled her sleepy smile back at me and said, “Tired.”

“Me too”, I said caressing her face.  “I wish I could sleep longer, but my internal clock is kicking me out of bed.  Are you hungry?”

“No, not yet”, she said in a sleep-daze.  “It usually takes me a while to get hungry after I wake up.”

“Really?”, I asked almost excited by the thought of learning more and more about my wife every day.  “Why is that?”

“I don’t know”, she said, not really wanting to have a conversation yet.

“I’m going to order some room service and head up to the terrace”, I said in a flash of a spectacular idea.  “I can’t wait to get back up there and hang out.  It’s so nice up there.  I want to enjoy it as much as I can while we’re here.”

“Mmmmm”, she said half-asleep with her eyes half-closed.  “That sounds like a great idea.  I’ll be up there as soon as I can get myself out of bed.”

“Sounds good”, I said with a soft kiss on the cheek.  “See you up there.”

Emma joined me within fifteen minutes and we spent the first part of the day under the morning sun on the rooftop terrace, noshing on our Puerto Rican breakfast of eggs, chorizo, bacon, hash browns, OJ, tea, and coffee.  It sounds like an average breakfast, but there was something about it that made it the best breakfast I ever had.  Sure, the collateral euphoria of the honeymoon helped, but the chef there was phenomenal and did something to those plain dishes to make them great.  Emma didn’t have much more than a sampling of the food, but I threw-down like I hadn’t seen a meal in weeks.  So, she had her few bites and a strong cup of coffee, while I licked the plates.  

“What’s on the agenda for today?”, she asked before taking her last sip of coffee.  

I just wanted to sit up there in our own private Idaho and stare at her all day, but she was ready to get moving and accomplish something other than nothing.  My idea of a perfect day was filled with non-active activities, enjoying moments and conversations with my perfect wife.  Her idea of a perfect day was slightly more ambitious.  She didn’t have anything in mind that “had to get done”, but she gets antsy when she has to sit there and do nothing for too long.  I don’t have a problem being active, as long as it’s fun, and I knew we would have to get up off our asses at some point.  So, I had planned a few things and came up with a list of things we could choose from to keep her from going nuts.

“Well, I have a surprise for us at 2pm, so we’ll have to be here then”, I said with coy anticipation.  Other than that, it’s wide open.  We can go jet skiing, deep sea fishing, snorkeling…we can jump a taxi and explore the area…whatever you want to do.”

“What’s the surprise?”, she asked a little nervous, mostly excited.  

“I can’t tell you that.  It wouldn’t be a surprise then, now would it?”

“It’s not anything crazy, is it?”, she said, getting a little worried.  She knew me enough to know that I might rope her into doing something completely outside of her comfort zone.  She knew I enjoyed doing that to her.  And, she knew that my latent wild streak sometimes involved her.  

“No, nothing crazy.  I promise”, I said with a wiggle in my smile.  “You’ll like it.  Don’t worry.  We’re not jumping off a cliff or anything like that.”

“Okay.  Good.”, she said completely relieved.  “I don’t want to break any bones on this trip.”

“What do you say we head over to the pool and then maybe take a walk around the property?  We still have a few hours before the surprise and I know you want to get moving.”

“Alright.  Just let me call Chris first”, she said with instantaneous concern.  “I want to see how he’s doing.  Then, I want to call Bob and Pete real quick.”

“Sounds like a plan”, I said getting up with a loud clap and rub of the hands to cement the agreement.  “Tell everyone I said ‘hey’.”

We went back down to the room and she called the kids while I piddled around the room, getting ready.  

At that moment, I felt a strangeness about seeing her as a mother and her commitment to her kids with every thought of every minute.  Whatever she was doing, her kids were always at the top of her thoughts and worries.  She was perpetually concerned that her kids were in some horrible accident and she wasn’t there to take care of them.  Nothing in this world mattered more to her than her kids and she was always “on” as a mother.  Everything she did filtered through that role and that commitment.  

And that was great.  It is part of what I love so much about her.

I always knew that she had this level and type of commitment, but it felt strange to me in that moment.  It hit me in a way like never before.  This was a huge and incredibly intimate part of her that I could never completely share with her.  Yes, I would co-parent with her and help take care of the kids to the best of my ability.  But, they weren’t my kids and it was not humanly possible to ever have those same feelings.  This was a connection I would never have with her, at the deepest level.  You can not manufacture the same feeling a parent has for their children.  They can never be a part of you, as a stepparent.  They are a part of the biological parents in a way that can never be simulated or fully appreciated by non-parents.  Plus, I do not have kids of my own, so I could never fully understand or appreciate what that feels like.  I could guess and I could extrapolate what I felt for them as a stepdad, but I could never feel what she felt.  

Until then, I never really thought about it.  Until then, I never felt remorse about never being able to share that with her.  

I knew we would never have kids together, but it never struck me as an issue in the way it did at that moment.  She had a tubal ligation after Pete was born and we were both too old to seriously consider reversing the procedure.  Plus, I never had a strong desire to have kids.  If it happened, great.  If not, no problem.  It certainly wasn’t worth reversing the procedure, assuming all the risks of birth defects, and being 60 years-old with kids in college.  Before we got married, we both wished we were 20 years younger and we could have kids together.  We even talked about the idea of reversing the tubal ligation in order to have kids together, and we agreed that it just wasn’t worth it.

I still believe it was the right decision, and I still wonder what it would have been like to share that experience with her.  I have absolutely no regrets, but I still wonder…

“Are the kids okay?”, I asked after she hung up with Pete and Bob.  “How’s Chris doing?”

“The kids are fine.  Bored, of course, but fine”, she added.  “Chris is on pain killers, so I couldn’t get too much information out of him.  Sounds like it was a really bad break.  He said they had to operate and put pins in his ankle.  He’ll be in a cast and on crutches for at least three months.  I just hate that for him, bless his heart.”

“That sucks”, I said thinking about how impossible it would be for Chris to slow down for three months.  “He’s going to go out of his mind, being stuck on the couch for that long.”

“I know”, Emma said cringing with the thought of his physical and emotional pain.  “I’m sure he’ll be hobbling around in a couple of days, though.  I don’t think a broken ankle will slow him down much.”

“Right.  I’m sure he’ll be back on that scooter by next week.  This must be killing him.”

“I’m sure it is”, she said, shaking her head.  “I can’t imagine anything worse for him than being incapacitated on a couch for three months.  He won’t do it.  He’ll ignore the pain and go about his business, I’m sure.”

“I hope he doesn’t make it worse by walking around on it.  If he broke his ankle as badly as I think he did, he may really screw it up by walking on it.  I hope he lets it heal right.”

“You know Chris”, she said with a modicum of exasperation.  “He can’t stand to be still for a minute.”

“I know.  This is going to drive him nuts”, I said laughing.  “I feel so bad for him.”

“I just hope he is okay”, she said distantly.  “I hate not being there for him right now.”

“Yeah, that’s gotta be tough.  But, you’ll be home soon and he’ll be fine until then.  You’ll get to see him soon enough.  Hang in there.”

I had to get her out of there quick, before this devolved into a very depressing conversation.  

“You ready to head down to the pool?”, I asked, stroking her hair.

Coming out her mother-induced daze, she said “Yes, I’m ready.  Just let me get my sunscreen.”

I’m not sure if she was always neurotic about sunscreen or if it is a product of her being a mother for so long, but she is obsessed with sunscreen.  Whenever we went anywhere her skin would be exposed to the sun, she had at least six different bottles of sunscreen stuffed into whatever bag she was carrying.  She wielded every level of UV protection like a six-shooter and made sure not a ray of sunshine hit an inch of unprotected skin.  And, it drives her bananas if anyone around her is not covered in some level of sunscreen.  She can’t stand it when I refuse to wear sunscreen.  I hate the stuff and I have convinced myself that I don’t need it.  For some reason, I would rather deal with a little sunburn than slather that crap all over my skin.  It feels disgusting and the tough-guy part of me thinks it’s for wimps.  What kind of man needs sunscreen anyway?  

“Of course.  Can’t forget the sunscreen”, I said playfully.  “You’re hilarious with that stuff.”

“Well, don’t come crying to me when you get a horrible sunburn”, she said with a slight taunt.  “The sun down here is really strong.  You will get burned if you stay out in the sun too long.”

“Yeah, yeah, yeah”, I said in mock condescension.  “Don’t you worry about me.  I’ll be fine.”

We walked down to the pool and sat at table with a massive umbrella overhead.  Emma’s eyes got real big when she saw the umbrella and all of the commensurate shade it would provide.  It was the Lost Ark of sun protection and she was the Indiana Jones of sunscreen.  In addition to all of the sunscreen she already had on, the umbrella would make sure the sun did not stand a chance at getting to her skin.  She was happy because she could relax, knowing with absolute certainty, that she was fully protected.  

“Sure that’s enough shade for you?”, I asked sarcastically.  

With a knowing smile, she said, “Yes.  I think this will do.”

The waiter came up to us as soon as we sat down and asked us if we would like to see a menu.

“Are you hungry yet?”, I asked her.

“Not yet.  I’ll probably be hungry in 30 minutes”, she calculated her hunger level.

“Thirty minutes, huh?”, I replied.  “That’s pretty specific.  How do you know you’ll be hungry in 30 minutes?  What will change in the next 30 minutes?”

“Well, I’m almost hungry now, but I’m sure I’ll be actually hungry in not too long”, she reasoned.  “I am thirsty though.”

Addressing the waiter, she asked, “Do you have Sweet Tea?”

The waiter looked at her, perplexed, not sure if he understood the English she was speaking.  “What the hell is Sweet Tea?”, I’m sure he asked himself.

“Do you mean Iced Tea, ma’am?”, he asked her.

“Yes.  But, is it sweetened?”, she asked unconvinced they were not miscommunicating.

“Yes, it is sweetened”, the waiter said, relieved he had ostensibly understood her request.

“Can you bring me some Splenda when you come back with the tea?”, she said, sure he was not understanding the Southern definition of Sweet Tea.    

“Of course”, he said, not sure if she was insulting him and his ability to understand English.  “And for you sir?”.

“I’ll have the same”, I said.

I love Sweet Tea.  It is one of the first things I adopted into my beverage repertoire when I arrived in North Carolina.  I, like most Yankees, had no idea there was a difference between sweetened Iced Tea and Sweet Tea.  As I quickly learned, the chasm between these two drinks is immeasurable.  Sweet Tea takes sweetness to an entirely different level than people outside the South are used to.  It’s like when I arrived in Albuquerque and requested the “hot” green chile in my dish.  I thought I knew what hot was and I thought I had a very high tolerance for heat.  So, I thought nothing of ordering the “hot” green chiles.  I had no idea what “New Mexico hot” was until I took my first bite of New Mexico green chile and I started to sweat and panic like every other Yankee idiot does when they first try it.  It immediately hit me like a ton of bricks and it later came out of me like a ton of bricks.  

Same thing with the Sweet Tea down South (except for the explosive diarrhea part).  You have no idea what a sweet drink is until you try your first glass of Sweet Tea.  It isn’t tea with a little bit of sugar in it.  It is sugar with a little bit of tea in it.  You can feel your teeth rotting out of your mouth as soon as you take your first sip.  You can feel the tea slither down your throat with the viscosity of 10W-40 motor oil.  You either love Sweet Tea or you hate it.  I loved it.  I’ve even been to restaurants that bring you an extra shot of sugar water on the side in case you want to ratchet up the sweetness even more.  But, that’s a level of crazy even I won’t venture into.  

We passed the early afternoon next to the pool, soaking-in the giant umbrella shade, sipping our make-shift Sweet Tea, and sharing our incredulity of actually being married.  It was another perfect stretch of time in our perfect lives as a perfect couple in this perfect place on our perfect honeymoon.  

At 1:45pm, I saw it was time to get back to the room for our surprise.  

I love giving Emma surprises.  I don’t know why.  I guess I just enjoy the look on her face when I do something thoughtful or fun for her.  I think she loves my surprises, as well.  We both read a book called “Love Languages” not long before our wedding and we refer back to it frequently when we disagree on something.  The premise is not dissimilar from the “Men Are From Mars, Women Are From Venus” book.  Essentially, the book says that everyone gives love and feels love in different ways.  Emma gives love and feels love through “Acts of Kindness”.  Meaning, doing things for the other person.  That means I have to do things for her (or, for “us”, depending on how you look at it), like fix things, clean things, build things, get things, and run errands for her to feel loved.  So, I have to transform my entire personality to show her love in a way she recognizes and/or appreciates.  If I don’t perform these “Acts of Kindness”, she doesn’t feel loved (enough).  Quite the conundrum for me.  Plus, the book says that “Acts of Kindness” is the most difficult love language to “speak” and satiate.  

Although the book didn’t say it, I believe “Acts of Kindness” is the requisite love language for Type A personalities.  

I forget the name of my love language, but I give love and feel loved through what I consider tangible expressions of love.  That means telling her I love her, telling her why I love her, hugging her, kissing her, holding hands, telling her she is beautiful, telling her how happy I am to be married to her.  Things you can obviously see and hear.  Simple, right?  

I do these things all day long, but without the “Acts of Kindness” she can sometimes feel like I do not show her that I love her enough.  And, the inverse is true for her, as well.  This, as asserted by the book, is the core of almost all arguments among married people.  When you learn to fluently speak your spouse’s love language, you are golden.  Or, so the book says.  

So, I think the surprises I give her qualify for “Acts of Kindness” in her mind and I get credit from them for showing her that I love her.  

That was a long way to go to make a simple point.  Sorry about that.

“We gotta head back to the room for our surprise”, I said with a devilish smile.

“I can’t wait.”

“Let’s grab our stuff and roll out of here”, I said picking up the 72-ounce bottle of 420 SPF sunscreen.

I opened the door to our room and there sat our surprise.

“Are we getting a couple’s massage?”, she asked, looking at the masseuse, massage table, and box of massage oils.

“Kind of.  We’re both getting a massage, but not at the same time.  I’ll hang out while you get yours and then we’ll switch places when you are done.”

“That sounds great”, she said with a sexy drawl.  “This is a great surprise.  Thank you so much, Jack.”  Then she kissed me softly and told me “I love you” with her eyes.  

That night, we went to the restaurant at the resort for a wonderful meal.  Emma was wearing an incredibly sexy little summer dress we bought just for this trip.  It was a lightweight, silky fabric in her favorite color that modestly clung to her body and every curve on it.  It was not designed to be a sexy dress, but it absolutely was on her.  The only time she looked more beautiful was in her wedding dress.  It was one of those dresses that you probably would never have occasion to wear at home, but it was perfect for this kind of trip in this kind of place.  I helped her pick it out during a shopping trip a few weeks before, so I can at least take partial credit for how great she looked.  

I love picking out clothes for her.  I know exactly what she looks great in and I can perfectly imagine how she will look in something I see.  Since we have been married, I think I have bought 70% of all her new clothes for her.  Buying her clothes has become one of my favorite things to do.  I just love it.  

Anyway.

“Good evening Mr. and Mrs. Fisher”, the maitre d’ welcomed us with a warm, enthusiastic smile as we entered the restaurant.  How he knew our names, I have no idea, but it was a great touch.  

“I love hearing people call us that”, I whispered to Emma and gently caressed her arm.

“Me too”, she smiled endless love back at me.  

“This way, please”, the maitre d’ opened his left arm towards our table next to a massive window overlooking the melting sunset, reflecting off of the translucent blue ocean.  

“Nice”, I said quietly, thoroughly impressed by the whole thing.  

“May I offer you something to drink?”, the waiter said, appearing from nowhere.

“I’ll have a beer”, I said like the unrefined American I am.

“I’ll have a Margarita”, she said in kind.  

I don’t know how it’s possible, but Emma can drink almost anyone under the table.  Alcohol does not seem to affect her at all.  She can drink anything but wine, all night long, and not even catch a buzz.  I’ve sat at a bar with her, throwing down Long Island Iced Teas for hours and watched her remain completely sober while I slobbered and stumbled all over myself.  I have sat with her at parties and watched her drink as much or more moonshine than anyone in the room and walk away completely straight.  As a professional partier in college, I vehemently resent her inexplicable ability to handle ridiculous quantities of alcohol and not get wrecked.  I have spent years expanding my tolerance for alcohol and she is a rank amateur who never drank much at all.  She is an insult to everyone who ever endured the horrors of binge drinking and built up their tolerance the old-fashioned way.  Damn her and her resistance to the effects of alcohol.

“Very good”, the waiter said with a nod and a smile.  “I’ll be back in a minute with your drinks and menus.”

“Great.  Thanks”, I said.

“How perfect is this place?”, I wondered out loud to Emma.

“It is perfect”, Emma agreed, taking my hand in hers.  “I’m so glad you found this place.”

“I know.  Talk about blind luck.  I hated having to pick a place based only on what I could find on the internet.  You never really know what it will be like when you get there.  I think this place is even better than I thought it would be.”  

“I never thought we could find a place better than Little Palm Island, but I think this is even more perfect.  The solitude and service was great there, but this place takes it to an even higher level.  I never thought it would be possible, but apparently it is.”

“Yeah, Little Palm was great.  I loved the fact that we were on our own little island in our own private hut on the beach.  But, this place feels a lot nicer.  There’s hardly anyone here because of the off-season, which is great for us.  It feels like we have this whole place to ourselves.  It’d be interesting to be here during the busy season.  I’m sure it would be great, but I definitely prefer being here almost alone.”

“I wish we could stay here forever”, Emma dreamed out loud.  “Bring the kids and build a house on the beach.  How great would that be?”

“I think it would be great, except for the fact that the kids would be bored to tears within a week and screaming to go home”, I laughed.

“No doubt about that”, she laughed back.  “It’s a nice dream though.”

“Speaking of building houses”, I said in a semi-non-sequitor.  “Are you excited about building our new house?”

“Yeah.  I can’t wait to get started”, she replied with visions of the perfect house dancing around her head.  “That floor plan you found is perfect.  I just hope it looks as good in real life as it does in the plan.”

Not long after we decided to get married, we also decided to build a completely new house.  My house was too small for a family of four, and her house had bad mojo all over it.  But, she had a lot of angst over moving out of her house, which struck me as odd.  Her dad had built it for her not long after she first got married, and she had not lived anywhere else for over twenty years.  It was her home, it was where all of her kids grew up, and it was filled with good memories.  I completely understood the “good side” of the house she held on to, but I had no idea how or why she never acknowledged all of the bad memories attached to that house.  If I lived through that hell, I couldn’t move out of that house fast enough.  I realize that there were a lot of good memories with the kids, but I think I would have gotten the heebie-jeebies every time I walked around the house, feeling the ghost of the monster and all of the horrific things that transpired there.  I think she was most worried that it would be extremely stressful for the kids to leave their home on top of everything else.  

But, there wasn’t a compelling reason to keep either of the houses when we examined the situation.  Mostly, we really wanted to start over, metaphorically as well as actually.  If we decided to move into a completely new house, she would keep the memories wherever she lived.  She didn’t need to live there for that reason alone.  The good memories were the only redeeming factors of her house.  Almost making the decision for us was, not only was it contaminated with bad mojo, but it had fallen into serious disrepair over the past year.  When we thought about what we would have to do to fix all the things that normally go wrong in a house over twenty years, it seemed crazy to keep it.  Plus, she was able to use the house as a bargaining tool during the final Division of Assets part of the divorce.  

By the time they got down to discussing who would get what after the divorce, she knew she wanted to get rid of it.  This meant she could let herself be “forced” to give up the house in exchange for less cash out of pocket she would have to give him.  She knew that Ted would desperately want to take ownership of the house for his own twisted and spiteful reasons.  She knew he would demand the house, just to screw with her.  In his mind, it would displace her and force her to find a new place to live.  And, it would allow him to live in “his house” with the kids and they could seamlessly continue their lives as the Jenkins Boys without the bitch who tore apart the family.  She would be out of the picture and the kids would see that house as their home, instead of whatever new house they were forced to inhabit with Emma and me.  Not only that, but he was far too stupid to ever find and buy a house on his own.  He would be paralyzed by the mere thought of it.  He would be unquestionably enticed by the ease of moving back into the house, regardless of the memories that would certainly haunt him.  In the end, it worked out exactly as we had predicted.  He took less cash in order to get the house and we unloaded a dilapidated house on the idiot.   

As soon as she agreed to move out of the house immediately following our wedding, we started looking for houses to buy.  For some reason, we could not find anything that met our standards and expectations.  It must have been kismet, because it seems impossible that we wouldn’t be able to find anything available for sale within a twenty mile radius of our target zone.  And, while out looking for home with our realtor, exasperated by our failure to find anything worth considering, the realtor offered an option that changed everything.  He said that there was some property for sale in the area, but he wasn’t sure we were willing to build a home.  We hadn’t considered building, because of all the horror stories we had both heard about builders and the building process, but we were getting desperate.  So, we agreed to take a look at it. 

When we arrived at the property, a wave of peace fell on our faces.  It was exactly what we didn’t know we were looking for.  It was a 10-acre wooded lot in a very nice neighborhood, only 18 miles from downtown and only 4 miles from her parents’ house.  I always wanted a huge lot with plenty of privacy and this was exactly that.  I instantly fell in love with it and knew that we had to build our dream home on this property.  Emma grew up in the sticks with miles of undeveloped land surrounding her, so all of the acreage and privacy wasn’t a big deal to her.  But, she saw how much I loved it and we made an offer on the spot.  We purchased the land one week later and started looking for a builder.  

“Yeah, I just hope the building process isn’t a nightmare”, I said with visions of delays and crookery dancing around my head.  “Jim seems like a nice guy.  I’m sure he can build the house we want.  He’s a bit of a simpleton and a hick, but I think he knows how to build a house.  He seems like an honest guy and the realtor recommended him, so I think we can trust him.  Maybe I’m being Pollyannaish, but I think we’ll be fine.”

“I hope you’re right.  You never know with builders.  He may be fine now, but he may be a Jekyll and Hyde if things start to go wrong.”

“Don’t jinx us!  You can never say things like that.  You have to respect the power of the jinx or it will bite you in the ass.”

“Jinx us?”, she said confused.  “What do you mean?”

“What do you mean, what do I mean?”, I said in disbelief.  “You know what the jinx is, don’t you??”

“I know what a jinx is, but I don’t know how it affects the house”, she said innocently.

“Man, you have GOT to learn to respect the jinx”, I said with a faux-panicked conviction.  “As soon as you say out loud that something bad hasn’t happened that could still happen, you have jinxed us and something will blow up in our faces.”  

“You don’t believe that do you?”, she laughed.

“Laugh now, Emma”, I warned her behind a smile.  “The jinx is real and it will beat us down if we tempt it.  You’ll see.”

“You’re crazy”, she laughed again.  “There’s no such thing as a jinx.”

“You did it again!”, I complained with a muted laugh.  “You just jinxed us again!  Please, for my sake, don’t say things like that.”

She laughed at me again, unaware of the prescient irony of my warning.  

“When did Jim say we would break ground?”, she asked, moving on from what she believed to be an inane conversation about the jinx.

“We should start digging the foundation within a couple of weeks after we get back”, I replied, still freaked out about the jinx she had conjured upon us.  

“That’s so exciting.  I can’t wait to see progress being made and I can’t wait to move into our new home.”

“I know”, I said, switching my brain into the excitement of the new house.  “I can’t wait to start our new lives in our new house.  I’m so glad we decided to get rid of our houses and start fresh.” 

“Me too.  Things are starting to go our way.  I think the worst is behind us.”

“You just jinxed us again!  Didn’t you hear anything I just said??”

“Stop”, she joked.  “We’ll be fine.”

“Mama mia”, I sighed with a smile.  “You’re killing me.”   

“I wonder how the kids will react to the new house”, Emma said with some worry in her tone.

“I think they will have an adjustment period.  Depending on how hard Ted turns the screws on them, they might be okay with it pretty quickly.”

“I’m really worried that they will never see our house as their home.  Ted will be living in the house they grew up in and he is mercilessly contaminating their hearts against us.  What if they always see our house as ‘our house’ and they just feel like visitors there?”

“Well, that’s always a possibility.  I can only hope they will get sick of being pissed off and unhappy, and just move on.  I think once we move in, things will work themselves out.  The most difficult period will be right before and soon after we move into the new house.  That will be when everything is new and they will feel the most pressure to reject the new house.  Then, I think the excitement of the new house will set in and they will move beyond the struggle of deciding which house is their home.  They’ll probably end up like most kids and just acknowledge that they have two homes, and leave it at that.  Yes, Ted will be living in the house in which they grew up, but I’m sure he will run it into the ground pretty quickly and it will look like a rat trap compared to our nice, new home.  The house is already falling apart and Ted won’t do anything to fix it up.  Plus, most kids are pretty superficial and I think they will like the idea of living somewhere they can brag about.  I mean, it’s not going to be some outrageous, palatial spread, but it will seem to be by comparison.”

“I know.  I’m just worried they will hate it because of Ted.  He is so evil and I hate what he’s doing to the kids.  They should never have to decide whose side they are on.  They should never have to choose one parent over the other.  He’s tearing them apart in so many ways they may never recognize or admit.”

“The kids are smart.  They will figure it out eventually and see Ted for what he is.  They will always love him, but I think they will get sick of his bullshit.  All we can do is embody the example of how people should act and treat each other, and hope they learn from that.  If we react with the same kind of anger, the kids will think it’s normal.  If we react with compassion and understanding, they will see the contrast and hopefully will be able to resist the Dark Side.”

“I hope you’re right”, she said sadly.  “It tears me apart to see them come back from every visit with him, angry and hateful towards us.  I know he has gotten in their heads and I know they believe all of his lies.  It’s like he is speaking through them when they are with us.  We hear the same things coming out of their mouths that Ted has said to us over and over again.  He tells them every detail of his distorted version of the truth and he has either guilted them, threatened them, or convinced them that he is the one telling the truth.  The kids have no idea what is real anymore.  They are hearing completely different stories between us.  They don’t know what to believe.  And, he has twisted their brains and poisoned their hearts so much that they have completely pledged their allegiance to him.  They have no choice but to believe him.  If they don’t believe him, they are traitors.  You saw what happened to all of them in the beginning when they tried to defend me.  Ted tore them apart and made them feel like shit.  I don’t know how we can fight against that.”

“It’s going to be tough, no doubt”, I acquiesced.  “We can’t fight his kind of battle.  He will win all day long.  He is much better at it and he is willing to sacrifice his own children just to punish us.  He doesn’t care how much pain he causes the kids, as long as they hate us as much as he does.  He is a sick and evil person.  He’s the textbook definition of a sociopath and there is nothing we can do about it.  Our only hope is to be the complete opposite of him and shower them with love.  We have to dismiss the mean things they say and move on.  They are helpless against him.  They aren’t old enough or strong enough to resist that kind of relentless poison from their father.  We just have to live each day, knowing we are right and we have their best interest in mind.  We can’t do anything to turn them against Ted, so we just have to have faith in the truth and their ability to eventually accept it.  You are a great mother and they know it, even if it is temporarily buried underneath the hatred Ted has forced on them.  We have to be strong enough for all of us until that happens.”

“I know you’re right, but it kills me to not be able to do anything to stop him from poisoning the kids”, she said through shadows of tears.  “He is ruining their lives and I have to sit back and watch it happen.  I hate him so much.  I wish he were dead.  How could any parent do that to their own kids?”

“I know.  It’s an impossible situation and there is nothing we can do to change it overnight.  We have to let this run its course and hope for the best”, I said getting a little depressed myself.  

Trying to introduce some levity back into our dinner, I said, “Well, I know a guy and we could have him wacked for about $500, if you want.”

She half-smiled and replied, “I like that idea.  Only problem is, we’d get caught and Ted would be a martyr.”

“I know, right”, I laughed.  

Trying to change the subject completely, I said, “So, what do you think you want for dinner?”

Three hours later, we were done with our fabulous meal and much lighter conversation.  There was a palpable feeling of absolutely everything being new with all our topics of conversation.  There were a thousand things to plan, discuss, or do and we covered just about all of it that night.  By the end of dinner, we had the next twelve months all planned out and we were so excited to get started on all of it.  Just building the house, alone, was a monster of planning and coordination.  But, we knew exactly what we would do if/when anything did not go according to plan.  

The rest of the honeymoon was perfect.  Nothing went wrong and we enjoyed every activity as a married couple, more than I could ever have imagined.  This was the most incredible week of my life.

Then, we had to leave it all behind and head back to reality.  


Chapter Ten

After I divorced my psycho ex, the only things I had left to my name after she moved back to NY were the house, one couch, the dog, and the cat.  Nothing more.  

Let me explain.  

One night, after she threatened to kill me in my sleep, I left the house with a suitcase full of clothes and nowhere to go.  So, I moved in to a $200 a week dump hotel in a very shitty part of town.  The room was microscopic and had barely enough room for the bed.  In fact, I could almost flush the toilet while sitting on the bed (of course, I would never take a dump in my bed so that description was meant for illustrative purposes only).  My neighbors were all indigents, transients, or truckers passing through town.  I was just about broke, so I ate fast food for dinner every night, if I had anything at all.  I lived there for almost a year while we worked through the divorce proceedings that left me without a pot to piss in.  

For punctuation, in one of her delusional episodes while I was living in the hotel, she threw away or donated everything I owned to the local Goodwill.  All the clothes I couldn’t fit in the suitcase, my golf clubs, my bed, my pictures, my pots and pans, dishes, silverware, books, CD’s, movies, TV, VCR, video games, camera, furniture, stereo… Everything was gone.  

She wanted to move back to NY, so I ended up with the empty house and the $20,000 credit card debt she racked up over the year of separation required before I could file for divorce.  She didn’t work and she spent all of my money, so there was no money to divide.  But, she did manage to demand and receive half of my 401K fund before it was all over.  So, for all intents and purposes, I had to start over completely from scratch.  Gotta love a no-fault divorce state.  At least I didn’t have any kids with her and at least I didn’t have to pay alimony.  And, I got rid of her.  I think I made out pretty well.  

So, as soon as we got back from our honeymoon, we started packing all of Emma’s and the kids’ stuff to move into my empty house.  I fully expected this move to be traumatic for Emma because this had been her home for over 20 years and because she had never moved before.  Well, not really.  She moved into her college dorm room and she moved a few things down the street from her parents’ house into the house her dad built for her.  Nothing I would consider “moving”, though.  All I had to do was imagine Emma packing up all the baby toys and memories she had littered around the house, and I knew she would lose it at some point.  Plus, add the normal, intense amount of stress most people feel during a move, and I knew how this would end up.   

It started out okay, though.

We had collected plenty of boxes by going into the dumpsters behind the local Dollar General store and sifting through their garbage for the priceless treasures to contain her priceless treasures.  We had more than enough boxes to pack up her entire house and all we had to do was pack it all up.  For me, packing and moving is not a big deal.  To her, it was the final punctuation on a tumultuous life in a horrible marriage, made tolerable by her three terrific kids.  She was completely ambivalent about the entire process.  She was elated to be moving out and on, but she was also completely torn apart about the destruction of her family as she had known it for over twenty years.  Everything she packed had some memory attached to it and she relived each memory as she wrapped them up in old newspapers.  

I made sure I was there with her for the entire packing and moving process, in anticipation of the breakdown.  She was incredibly strong, but this was a lot for her to handle.   We spent the first couple of days laughing at all the stories she described with each piece we packed, and having a great time talking about our new life.  Then, inexplicably and unpredictably, she broke out into a sub-hysteric fit of crying that would ebb and flow for the remainder of the packing process.  Instead of fond reminders of great memories, each item became the soured remnants of a life turned upside-down.  Everything was its own symbol for how things would never be the same, or an icon that represented lost innocence.  The kids would no longer be spared the reality of how things were not perfect.  The days of oblivious enrapture with Thomas the Tank, Sponge Bob Square Pants, Yu-Gi-Oh, the Thundercats, the Transformers, and Barney were gone.  They could no longer enjoy the life they had known up until that point.  Their lives, as they knew it, were over.  And, Emma felt the full weight of the guilt associated with this loss.  Like most battered wives, she thought all of the pain was her fault.  She felt guilty for ending a horrific marriage, just so she could be happy and free of the reign of terror.  If she could have put up with the nightmare for ten more years, the kids would have all been grown-up and they could have remained blindly happy like they had been their whole lives.  She felt selfish for shattering the illusion just so she could escape the nightmare.  She was the one who made the mistake of marrying a monster and the kids should not have to suffer for her mistake.  

This wasn’t the bright dawn of a new day for her.  It was the dark dusk of an apocalyptic nightmare that had only just begun.  

Through the layers of tears and guilt, we finished packing the entire house together.  As we mindlessly counted boxes and took inventory of everything we were bringing, we tried to ignore the specter of doom we felt around each corner.  By the end, we were in a mad rush just to get the hell out of that house and away from the life she had known for so long.  

Our new life together was about to start, regardless of whether we were ready for it.  And, the coal-raking we went through with the moving company did not help.  Frank’s Easy Moves was anything but easy or cheap or dependable.  The movers spoke no English and they moved slower than I thought possible for any human being.  Packing the moving truck took eight hours longer than the original estimate, which translated into about $500 more than the original estimate.  When we called to complain, Frank was an asshole.  He tried to blame us for the delay, saying we misrepresented the amount, the weight, and the complexity of the furniture.  His argument made no sense because he walked through the house with us three weeks before and we discussed every item he would be moving.  But, he was adamant about not accepting responsibility for the extra eight hours.  According to him, we were responsible for the delays, not him.  Our options were to pay the extra $500 or the movers could unload everything and we could hire someone else.  He knew he had us screwed, and there was no way we could un-fuck ourselves at that point.  We had to be out of that house that day because Ted was supposed to move into the house the next day.  We had no choice but to bend over and say “Thank you sir, may I have another.”

After the prison rape by Frank’s Easy Moves, we wiped the blood from our stool and prepared to start our new life as a new family in our 2,000 square foot house set on 1.75 acres of land in a great little neighborhood.  It was a perfect house for two people.  For newlyweds and two kids, it was oppressively small.  We were on top of each other as soon as we stepped out of our bedrooms.  There was very little privacy and not enough space for any one of us to feel comfortable.  The kids’ bedrooms were ¼ the size of their previous bedrooms and they had to share a bathroom.  None of us complained out loud, but I think we all knew this was unsustainable and we pretty much hated living there.  We were so glad this was only a temporary situation.  

We had broken ground on the new house not long after the wedding, so there was an end in sight.  According to the builder, we would be in the new house within 6-8 months as long as the weather cooperated.  If we didn’t have that to look forward to, I think we would have all snapped at some point.  So, we made the best of it while we were there.  

Looking back, I actually think it was a great time in our lives.  The kids hadn’t quite committed to their “I hate you” phase yet and we were all enjoying the newness of our situation.  Being in such a small house actually turned out to be a good thing.  We couldn’t avoid each other, so we spent a lot of time together.  I really didn’t know the kids very well, beyond the little bit of time we spent together before the wedding, and this house served the purpose of forcing us to really get to know each other in a short period of time.  

The kids and I got along great from the beginning.  We spent a lot of time together, doing the things they loved to do and talking about things they were interested in.  The time had passed where Emma and the kids played together every free moment.  Their interests had grown up with them and Emma wasn’t much for roughhousing, playing sports, listening to music, and watching TV.  Interactions between them had turned mostly to conversations about their lives and movie-watching together.  They were at the age where they wanted to do “boy things” and I hit that timing perfectly.  Although Pete and Bob were very different kids with very different interests, I had a lot in common with both of them.  With Pete, it was sports.  

At the time, he had been fully infected by his dad with the sports bug, so his whole life revolved around playing and watching sports.  I was a moderately gifted athlete and I watched Sports Center just about every day.  As a result, I could play or watch every sport he was interested in.  

Although we played a lot together, I think the most fun we had was at night when Pete was bored.  He would wander into our room around bedtime, looking for an excuse to stay up later.  For a couple of months after they moved into my house, Pete did a lot of exploring around how close he could get to me before he felt uncomfortable.  Pretty soon, he was completely comfortable around me and he would hang all over me.  We would wrestle, have pillow fights, and play tag until Emma told him it was time to go to bed, for the 10th time.  We both had a blast and I felt like we were building a very strong bond.  I looked into Pete’s eyes while we horsed around and I felt a really tight connection between us.  I felt like he was trying to tell me something through his eyes that he would never express verbally.  I felt like he wanted to tell me he loved me, but I knew that would never happen.  Every once in a while, he would purposely call me “dad” and pretend it was a mistake and say “Ew.  You’re not my dad”, all the while smiling from ear to ear.  We both knew the game and we found a way around it.  For a while.  

We played a lot of basketball together in the early days before he became too scared his dad would find out and before he became too brainwashed to want to play with me.  A few times a week, we would go out in the driveway and play “Horse” or “21” or “one-on-one” until I gave up from exhaustion.  For Pete, I think the turning point into temporarily rejecting me came one night we were playing basketball.

It was around dusk and the sun had just about gone down completely, so we were playing under the flood lights off of the garage.  We were into our third game of “Around the World” when we saw headlights come around the corner of our neighborhood.  For some reason, both of us stopped what we were doing and focused all of our attention on the car coming towards the house.  The car was about a hundred yards away from passing our driveway when Pete’s face turned pale and he froze to the pavement, petrified with fear.  He watched the car, which turned out to be a minivan, move slowly through the neighborhood towards us.  Ted drove a minivan.  

This incident occurred during the absolute worst of times for us, in terms of Ted’s psychotic behavior.  I think the fact that Emma and I were now married made things a lot worse than they might have been otherwise.  At that point, Ted was doing violently crazy things every single day.  Not a day went by when he didn’t start trouble somewhere, threaten to kill us, or make disturbing phone calls in the middle of the night.  The kids were well aware of Ted’s delusional insanity and volatility because they were with him almost every day.  This was before Ted had violated the law enough for us to reduce his visitation down to every other weekend plus every Wednesday after school.  I can’t prove it, but I’m sure they witnessed things a lot worse than Emma and I had endured.  I think they were completely victimized and traumatized by watching their dad act like a complete lunatic.  And, I know he unleashed his terror on them when he was in a particularly out-of-control moment.  Ted had torn them to pieces over loyalty issues and the kids knew they could never be caught fraternizing with the enemy.  To be caught playing basketball with me would have meant disaster for Pete.  There is no question in my mind that Pete completely believed his dad would disown him and hate him forever if Ted found out he was playing basketball with me.  

As soon as Pete recognized the vehicle as a minivan, he dropped the basketball and ran balls-out, terrified, as fast as his legs would take him, into the house.  He never said a word to me.  He just tore off into the house, praying his dad did not see him with me.  Pete’s actions needed no explanation.  I knew exactly what was going on and I stood there in the driveway waiting for the minivan to reach our house.  Maybe it was the psychotropic effect of the adrenaline and the expectation of a horrific High Noon show down, but the minivan seemed to be driving very slowly and deliberately towards the house.  I watched the minivan move in slow motion towards me, while I tried to determine if it was, in fact, Ted.  I felt my heart pumping a thousand gallons of blood per minute through my body, my muscles tensing, and my fists clenching.  If this was Ted and he was determined to do something crazy, I was as ready as I would ever be.  

Flashes of scenarios whipped through my mind as I watched the minivan creep closer.  I planned out how I would handle the confrontation, all the way down to the way I would smash his head against his minivan until he lost consciousness and then kick him in the jaw for emphasis.  This was it for me.  I was ready to beat him down and put an end to the threat of violence.  At the time, I was convinced the only way to eliminate his arrogance was to beat it out of him.  I hate violence and I avoid it whenever possible.  But, when my safety and the safety of my family are at stake, there is nothing I won’t do to save us.  

The minivan slowly drove up to the end of the driveway and seemed to pause.  It paused long enough for me to see the woman driving it and the different color of the minivan.  It wasn’t him. 

I laughed out loud and felt the tension and adrenaline move back towards a normal level.  Part of me was pissed at myself for letting this tiny little nutcase affect me so much.  But, I knew he was nuts and even a tiny little nutcase can be dangerous.   Mostly, I was relieved that the confrontation didn’t happen.  I would come out looking horrible no matter how it went down.  If I kicked the shit out of him, the kids would hate me for doing it.  If he kicked the shit out of me or killed me, I would be humiliated or dead.  It was best for all of us that he never had the balls to follow through with any of his threats.  

I believe the nail in the coffin for me and my relationship with Pete at the time came about a month later at his basketball game.  Until this incident, I think Pete believed he could live in two worlds and care about both of us.  His dad a lot more than me, of course, but he could at least care about me in the privacy of our home.  This hope was crushed by a nutcase determined to offer up his kids as a sacrifice to the cause.  Pete soon found out that he would not be allowed to love anyone but his dad.  Anything else would be high treason.  

It was mid-season of the local basketball league and we were on our way to the gymnasium to watch Pete play.  Ted had the kids that day until after the game, so he was there with Pete and Bob when we arrived.  Going to these games became increasingly stressful because Ted hated the fact that I came with Emma to watch Pete play.  He would become enraged by our (or my) mere presence in the gymnasium.  Every time we walked into the gym, he would stare at us with the look of absolute evil, burning holes into our skin, and making us wonder if he would have enough control to not snap in front of a crowd of kids and parents.  Up until that point, he had confined his rage to hateful stares throughout the game.  Until that night, he kept his distance and never did anything overtly crazy towards us. 

When we walked in, Pete was warming up on the court and Bob was sitting with Ted on the bleachers just inside the doors to the gym.  This was particularly strange because he always sat at the far end of the gym, ostensibly so he wouldn’t have to be anywhere near us.  Where they were sitting, we had to pass right by them to get to our usual seats in the bleachers.  We stepped up onto the bleachers to pass behind them and as Emma passed directly behind him, Emma heard Ted say to Bob, “Watch this.”  Ted quickly leaned back and knocked into her with his back and elbow as she tried to walk by.  Emma stumbled backwards and almost fell down in between the bleacher seats.  I was looking at the scoreboard at the time, so (fortunately or unfortunately) I didn’t see what happened.  

When we sat down, Emma said, “Did you see that??”

“See what?”, I asked casually.

“Ted just tried to knock me off of the bleachers”, she said absolutely terrified.  

“He did what??”

“He tried to knock me off the bleachers.  I was walking by him and he leaned back into me and almost knocked me down.”

Trying to make sense of the situation, I asked, “Did he do it on purpose?”

“Yes, he did it on purpose.  That asshole tried to knock me off the bleachers right in front of Bob.”  

I got up to confront him when Emma grabbed my arm and said “Don’t make a scene.  I don’t want to embarrass Pete or Bob.  Just let it go.”

Sitting down and trying to slow down the adrenaline, I asked, “Did anyone else see him knock into you?”

“I’m not sure.  I don’t know how no one could have seen it.”

“Jesus fucking Christ.  That guy is a complete psycho.  How could he do that in front of Bob?”

“I have no idea”, she said, trying to calm herself down.  

“What kind of a nutcase tries to knock a woman off the bleachers?  He doesn’t even have the balls to do it to me.  He has to do it to a woman.  What a piece of shit.  That guy needs to get the shit kicked out of him, and that right quick.”

“I hate him so much”, Emma said consumed with anger, staring at the back of his balding head.  

“Maybe we should call the cops”, I said trying to figure out how to handle this act of violence.  “That’s a violation of the agreement, it’s contempt of court, and it’s assault.”

“He’ll just deny it and tell the cops I’m making it up”, she said with the full irritation of the lack of cooperation she expected from the police.  “It would be his word against ours and they would let him go with a warning.  Plus, the kids would hate me for trying to get him in trouble.”

“I’m sure that’s exactly what would happen”, I said, equally defeated.  “What a piece of shit.  How could the kids not see what an asshole he is?  Bob had to have seen it.  How could he not recognize what a nut case he is?”

“He has convinced them that he is perfectly justified in whatever he does”, Emma described exactly what I already knew.  “They completely believe his bullshit story that I cheated on him and that I deserve to be punished for the rest of my life.  You know he’s told them that whatever horrible thing he does, it’s my fault and I made him do it.”

“I can’t believe he’s been able to brainwash the kids to the point where they believe you deserve to be terrorized for the rest of your life”, I revisited my astonishment about the power of his poison.  “How can they think it is okay for him to do this to their mother?  How did he turn their hearts so hateful so quickly?”

“You know how he did it”, she responded rotely.  “He told them the same lies over and over again and tore them apart whenever they questioned any of it.  He got them to the point where they not only stopped questioning his lies, but they actually believed it.  It’s no different than what the military does to POW’s when they brainwash them to turn against their home country.”

“What a sick fuck”, I shook my head.  “How could he not care how much he kills his own kids, just to get back at you?  He is turning them into angry little hate mongers and he doesn’t care.”

“I know”, she almost wept.  “It breaks my heart to see what he has done to the kids.  And, there is nothing I can do about it.”

I put my arm around her and comforted her the best I could, wishing I could take a bat to his head and smash his skull into oblivion.

“I don’t know how you lasted 20 years with that evil prick.  What in the world made you stay for so long?”, I asked with a complete absence of judgment along with a thousand miles of empathy.  “Was it really just for the kids?”

“Mostly, it was”, she said in sad reflection.  “There were so many other reasons, though.  But unless you have lived in a horribly abusive relationship, you could never understand any of those reasons.  Of course, none of them make any sense now, but at the time, they seemed to make perfect sense.  I wanted to break up with him long before we were married, but I was too scared.  He threatened to do all sorts of violent and horrible things if I broke up with him.  I think I’ve told you how crazy-jealous he was during college and all of the things he did to control me.  But, after a while, you get used to the threats and the violence and they just become a normal part of your life.  I was more afraid to leave than I was to stay, so I found a way to live with it.  At some point, the violence and the threats stop being deal-breakers and they become just one of the things you deal with in a relationship.  Plus, he never actually hit me.  He never punched me in the face or anything that obvious, and I think I used that as a justification for staying with him.  I could look myself in the mirror and say he never hit me, so I wasn’t in an abusive relationship.  He did a thousand violent things, but he never crossed the line into hitting me or leaving evidentiary marks on my body.  It wasn’t until after we separated and you printed that article about spousal abuse for me that I realized how incredibly abusive he really was.  It shocked me to see that he did eleven out of the thirteen things that indicate spousal abuse.  Short of killing me or punching me in the face, he did everything else.  It was really scary to read that list and clearly see how dangerous he was… and is.  

I hate to even think about it.  I mean, like most people, I had promised myself I would never stay in a violent relationship.  Then, I was in the middle of one and my brain was twisted around so badly that I thought I deserved it.  I told myself I had to live with my bad choices and deal with the consequences, no matter how bad it was.  But, with all of that violence, I don’t know how I never considered myself an abused spouse.  

It’s really strange to think about it now.  I guess I didn’t realize what was happening until it was too late and I felt like it was a burden I had to carry for the rest of my life.  The first few times he became violent, I wanted to end it.  But he begged me to forgive him and he promised it would never happen again.  He was so persistent about it, I eventually relented and gave him a second chance, more so just to get him to stop harassing me about it”, she said without a hint of irony.  “Eventually, I came to accept it as a part of my life.  And, of course, somehow, I made the fatal mistake of sleeping with him.  That was the worst decision of my life, mostly because it turned into the reason I married him in the first place.  Like I told you, he threatened to tell my parents we had slept together before we were married.  I could never deal with the humiliation and the judgment from my mother, so I felt trapped into marrying him.  She would have come down on me so hard, I don’t know if I could handle it, even now.  Plus, I didn’t want my dad to know.  It would have broken his heart.”  

Emma took a deep breath and shook her head at the ground before continuing in her own disbelief.  

“It all seems so surreal.  Looking back, I don’t know if it’s more unbelievable that I stayed that long, or that I actually made it out alive.  If we didn’t have kids together, I would have left a long time ago, no doubt.  When Ted’s drinking got way out of control, I wanted to leave so bad.  But, by then we had the kids and I didn’t want to throw their lives into a tailspin.  They were so happy and they thought their lives were perfect.  Plus, I knew Ted would try to turn them against me and I didn’t want to expose the kids to that kind of anger, especially towards me.  Plus, I thought they would be a good distraction to my miserable life and I could focus on how much I loved them, instead of how much I hated Ted.  So, I poured all of my energy into raising and loving the kids.  It was an adequate distraction for a while, but Ted’s drinking and violence went through the roof and I felt completely trapped and completely alone.  

I was too embarrassed to tell my family and friends what was really going on, so I only told them a small vivisection of the mass of insanity I was living with.  I didn’t think for a minute that any of my friends or family would understand, and I believed they would think I was an idiot for putting up with that kind of abuse.  Maybe I was also worried that they wouldn’t even believe me.  I tried to put on a happy face when I was in public and maybe I thought they wouldn’t believe things were so bad.  Plus, I didn’t want anyone to know how terrible my marriage was.  I was more worried about what people would think than what I was going through every day.  

In the end, it all came down to fear.  I was afraid he would hurt me or kill me if I left.  I was afraid it would tear apart the kids’ lives if I left.  I was afraid he would never leave me alone if I left.  I was afraid he would tell everyone a bunch of lies about me and try to embarrass me or ruin my life.  I was afraid he would try to get custody of the kids.  I was afraid of everything and I was paralyzed.  If I was able to hide Ted’s drinking and all the violence from the kids, I’m not sure if I would have ever left.  That’s how crazy it was and that’s how messed up my head was.”

I hugged her closely, kissed her on the head and said, “Wow.  When you say it all at once like that, it just blows me away.  I knew all of those things happened, but you told me those things over a long period of time.  I mean, I lived through a pretty horrible marriage and I know what it’s like to live a duplicitous life where you try to act happy at work, then go home to a nightmare.  But, my marriage wasn’t anywhere near that psychotic.  I just can’t believe you lived through that kind of violence and abuse.  God, I hate that mother fucker.”

She shook her head again, said nothing, and contemplated the situation she had survived and the situation she was still trying to survive.  

The rest of the game passed with his evil stares and implied threats towards us, but no actual acts of violence.  

When the game ended, Ted and Bob went over to Pete so Ted could say good-bye to Pete.  After Ted said his good-bye, Pete went over to the concession stand to get a drink, while Ted and Bob went back up into the bleachers and sat down.  Pete was not in a hurry to leave, so he loitered around with his friends while Emma and I waited across the gym for him to finish.  We had plans that night, so after a few minutes, we walked over to Pete to tell him to hurry up.  Then, we stood aside and waited for him to finish his drink and say good-bye to his friends.

The next day, one of Emma’s friends told her she was sitting next to Ted at the time and heard him say to Bob, “Should I do it?  Do you dare me to do it?”  

With that, Ted took off running at Emma, full speed, like he was going to tackle her to the ground.  Emma’s friend told us the next day that she saw the most evil smile on his face as he took off, and she was scared to death that he was going to violently assault her.  

At the last second, I saw Ted blurring towards us out of the corner of my eye and yanked Emma out of his path as he knocked into her at half-force and then walked away pretending it never happened.  After I made sure Emma was okay, I looked over at Ted and saw him doubled-over, laughing at his wonderful prank.  

I walked over to him, stood over him, stared into his beady little eyes, and went off on him in front of the entire gym full of parents and kids.

“What is your problem?”, I said, purposefully loud enough for everyone to hear me.  “What kind of a loser hits a woman?  Do you think that makes you tough because you beat up women?  What kind of example are you setting for your kids?  Do you want your kids to grow up to be alcoholic, drug-addicted losers who beat up women, like you?”

There was nothing in his eyes but absolute hatred and malevolent violence.  He stared up at me as if he wanted to eat my flesh and said, “Why don’t you get out of my face you home-wrecker?  How does it feel to know that you ripped apart our family and stole my wife?  You should be ashamed of yourself, going around stealing people’s wives.  What do your parents think about you?  Do they know you don’t have kids of your own, so you go around stealing other people’s kids?  You’re just sorry.  When I get through with you, the whole world is going to know what you did.”

His diatribe was so insane and irrelevant to the situation as I perceived it, a truncated laugh burst out of my mouth.  “You are such a loser Ted.  Emma left you because you are an alcoholic and you beat her.  You never even supported your own kids.  You let Emma make all the money while you sat at home and got drunk all day and urinated all over yourself.  It had nothing to do with me, you loser.  God, you are such a loser.”

“I know she cheated on me with you”, he persisted, ignoring my statements.  “All the kids know she cheated on me and they will hate her for the rest of their lives.  We are all going to make both of you pay.  You aren’t going to get away with this.” 

“Look, pee-wee”, I countered.  “You are an alcoholic loser who beat his wife.  I know you have to believe that she cheated on you in order to look yourself in the mirror every day, but it didn’t happen.  I was there.  You can believe whatever pack of lies you want.  I really don’t care.  The fact is, you threw it all away because you are an alcoholic loser and you can’t face that truth.  Matter of fact, you look drunk right now.  Are you drunk?  How could you show up drunk to your kid’s game?  What kind of person are you?”

He lowered his voice to a mumbled whisper, gritted his teeth, tightened his jaw, and said, “I’m going to kill you.  Watch your back.  When you least expect it, I’ll be there and I’m going to kill you.”

“Did you just threaten to kill me?”, I shouted to the crowd.  “You are standing here in front of all of these people, threatening to kill me!  Did everyone hear that?  Ted Jenkins just threatened to kill me!”

As I looked around to make sure everyone heard the death threat, I saw Pete standing no more than five feet away from me, terrified.  Instantaneously seeing this spectacle through Pete’s eyes, I was ashamed of myself for lowering myself to Ted’s level.  I let him drag me down into his abysmal existence and I felt like absolute shit for it.  “What have I turned into?”, I asked myself.  

I turned to Emma in order to exit the situation and she looked as terrified as Pete did.  “Let’s go”, I said to her calmly.  

“Pete, sweetie”, she said nervously.  “We have to go.  Get your drink and meet us out in the car.”

We had to get out of there before this turned really ugly.  And, we had to get out of there before Ted forced us to engage him again.  So, I took Emma’s hand and we walked towards the exit with everyone in the building staring at us.  But, Ted wasn’t done.

He fast-walked up next to us and resumed his threats as we tried to remove ourselves from the spectacle.   

“I know you cheated on me”, Ted said to Emma in that same evil, low-level, muttered speech through gritted teeth.  “I’m not going to let you get away with this.  You know I’m never going to let you be happy.  The kids are going to hate you for what you did.” 

“Why won’t you just leave us alone??”, Emma yelled in exasperation.  “Why don’t you just move on?  I never cheated on you.  Why won’t you get that through your stupid head?”

“Because it’s true”, he said, smiling a satanic Joker smile, elated to be upsetting her.  “I’m going to ruin your lives.  You are going to pay.  I’m going to kill both of you.  Watch your back, honey.  It’s coming.”  

“Oh Ted, why don’t you just grow up?”, Emma stopped, getting into his face from a slight distance.  “You have the smallest dick in the world and you aren’t going to do anything and you know it.  And, to make sure, I’m calling the police as soon as I get home.  You can spend the next few nights in jail thinking about what a loser you are.”  

The threat of jail instantly snapped him out of his rage and hubris, and stopped him cold.  We moved towards the door and he stayed where he was, seething and gloating over what he would consider a victory.  The melee was over and we just wanted to get the hell out of there.  There was no way we would ever win a shouting match with him, and we were just embarrassing ourselves by being a part of it.  We walked through the crowd of people, ignoring everything except for the most direct path out the door and to our car.  

“That sucked”, I said to Emma as I sat down behind the wheel.  “I can’t believe he is that psycho.  I knew he was nuts, but that is ridiculous.  And, I can’t believe he sucked me into that disaster.  I feel like such an idiot.”

“There wasn’t anything else you could do”, she said sympathetically and held my hand.  “You had no choice.  I know it was terrible being a part of that, but you had no choice.”

“More than anything, I hate it for Pete”, I said remorsefully.  “I hate he had to see that.  Now, he thinks that kind of behavior is normal.  And, he must think I’m no better than Ted.  That’s what separated me from him so far.  I feel like I’ve just thrown away everything I’ve built between us.”

As I finished my self-admonishment, Pete and Bob walked out of the gym with Ted right behind them.  They stopped a few feet outside the gym and said good-bye with eyes on the ground and hearts in the dirt.  Ted kissed Pete on the mouth and patted Bob on the back as he flashed us his “death-stare” and walked the other way towards his car.  

That always freaked me out that Ted still kisses Pete on the mouth.  Pete is now 12 years-old and Ted still kisses him on the lips every time he drops him off somewhere.  Plus they sleep in the same bed when Pete is at his house.  I have read a lot about sociopaths and psychopaths and Ted fits both descriptions pretty well.  Well enough for me to unscientifically label him as either one.  One of the descriptions of a sociopath is the tendency towards pedophilia and sexually deviant behavior.  It’s all part of their narcissism and need for control.  They have a completely distorted or under-developed understanding of what love is and they are unable to show or feel love in “normal” ways.  I whole-heartedly think 12 years-old is way too old for a father to kiss his son on the lips and the thought of it sickens me.  Maybe it is normal, or at least not deviant behavior.  I don’t know.  I don’t have kids, so I’m not sure why a parent would think it’s okay to kiss any child past the age of 2 years-old on the lips.  Part of me wanted to report him to Social Services.  The other part of me didn’t want to open up the shit storm if it turned out to be not enough proof for prosecution.  Maybe I was overreacting.  Maybe it was just strange, but not criminal behavior.  Kissing good-bye on the mouth certainly did not fit any of the definitions or descriptions of incest I had researched.  At most, they could be considered clues to inappropriate behavior.  And, pursuing these clues would certainly do nothing more than enrage a lunatic.  I don’t know.  I did know that, given the history of Ted getting away with everything horrible he did, I assumed it would absolutely backfire on me and I would end up in the shit end of that stick.

Anyway.

The kids made their way over to our car and opened the car doors to get in.  

Bob was in shock.  He looked like he just witnessed a mass murder and could not believe his eyes and ears.  In retrospect, I think he was feeling guilty because he knew it was going to happen and he did nothing to stop it.  For all I know, he encouraged it, never thinking his dad would actually do something like that.  Now he knew.  

Pete said nothing when he got in the car.  He just sat there humiliated, frightened, and upset.  Before we were out of the parking lot, he broke the silence by saying quietly, “My dad is not a loser.”

“What do you mean?”, I asked, knowing exactly what he meant.  

“You said my dad is a loser”, he said barely holding back the tears of humiliation and fear.  “He is not a loser.”

I looked at Emma helplessly then said to Pete and Bob, “I’m sorry you had to see that.  I wish it never happened.  I thought your dad was going to hurt your mom and I was trying to defend her.  It got out of hand and I apologize for saying those things to your dad in front of you.  I should have kept my cool, even though I thought your mom was in danger.  I know better and I should have just walked away.  When your dad ran into your mom, instinct took over and I wanted to make sure he wasn’t going to do anything else.”  

Nobody said another word the rest of the ride home.  The damage was done and there was nothing I could do to change any of it.  I was convinced at that time that the kids would hate me forever.  

It was a long time before Pete came around, back to the place we were before that night and before he was fully poisoned.  It was months before he would even come near me or willingly speak to me.  I had lashed out against his dad and shook the foundation of his idealized version of his dad.  What I said was all true, but Pete did not need to hear it.  Especially not from me.  Somewhere inside him, I think Pete already knew these things about his dad, but until then, he was able to ignore them.  That night, I had contributed to his loss of innocence and I kick myself every day for it.    

With Bob, there wasn’t any one event I was aware of that proved to be a turning point.  With Bob, we got along great until we didn’t.  Although Bob never overtly rejected me like Pete did, he definitely pulled back from me at some point and wanted to have very little to do with me.  At some point, I became the enemy.  But, there wasn’t any one thing I could point to as the cause.  So, when it started to happen, it really threw me for a loop.  From the day we met, Bob and I really clicked.  When they moved into my house, Bob would come find me 5-10 times a day to play something he learned on the guitar, or ask me about a song he heard, or tell me about a movie he saw.  Then, he stopped coming around.  Our conversations got shorter and he would give me one-word answers to my questions.  He clearly wanted to have nothing to do with me.  I knew where it was coming from, but I hadn’t seen it coming.  And, because I couldn’t talk to him about what his dad was doing and saying to him about me, we couldn’t resolve the issue.  All I could do was to be as nice as possible and hope he would get over his anger before it got out of hand.  

As it turns out, I never got that chance.  Bob would spiral out of control and end up in an “early intervention” school for troubled teens just after his fourteenth birthday, just over one year after Emma and I were married.  

Chapter Eleven

Before Emma, the love of my life was Jellybean.  When Emma and I were married, Jellybean had been the most important thing in the world to me for twelve years.  She was there with me through all of the really bad times when all I had to comfort me was a fourteen pound beagle with huge, floppy ears and a “cherry eye” that deeply disturbed most people who saw it.  The “cherry eye” was what the vet called the third eye lid all dogs have, that sometimes pops out of its pouch.  It’s a bright red sac of something that looks like half her eye is falling out.  It looks painful, or at least annoying, but according to the vet it is not a problem for the dog.  It looked disgusting to most people, but to me, it was a cute little aberration that made her even more adorable.  I got her when she was less than eight weeks old and not much bigger than my hand.  She looked like a little black and brown jellybean, so that’s what I named her.  She was the most incredible dog on the planet.  She had more personality than most humans and all she wanted to do was eat and love me… in that order.  

That dog could eat more food (or garbage) than any other dog I had ever seen.  She had no “I’m full” governor in her brain to tell her to stop eating.   She would eat until the food was gone, no matter how much food was there.  She would stand below me whenever we ate, jumping up and down throughout the entire meal, desperately pleading with me to share my meal.  When there was food around, she was always right there waiting for a crumb to drop or for me to give her the scraps of my meal.  When food fell on the floor or we scraped the leftovers into her dish, she would attack it like that Japanese guy who broke all the records for eating hot dogs.  She would devour it as fast as dogly possibly, barely breathing the whole time.  When you put people-food in front of her, you made sure you got your hands away from her mouth as soon as possible.  If you weren’t fast enough, you were sure to get caught in the feeding frenzy and perhaps lose a finger.  

When we weren’t at home, she would dig through every garbage can looking for food.  Many times, we would come home from work to find garbage all over the floor and every lick of edible food scraps gone.  One night, there was quite a bit of leftovers that we considered inedible or unhealthy for a dog, so we threw it all in the garbage.  When we came home from work the next day, she had knocked over the garbage can and eaten every bit of it.  Her stomach was distended to about five times its normal size.  It looked like she swallowed had an entire picnic ham, whole.  It was so bad, I had to take her to the emergency vet hospital so they could give her a shot to make her throw up.  I guess her body wanted to keep that food pretty badly because they had to give her two shots to force her to throw it all up.  The vet said that if I hadn’t brought her in when I did, her stomach would have torn open within a few hours and killed her.  

So, we started to hide the garbage can in the laundry room and closed the door behind us before we left for work each day.  Within a week, somehow, that damn dog had opened the door and tore apart the garbage again and ate everything in it, pork chop bones and all.  Same thing.  I rushed her to the vet hospital and they gave her two shots to make her throw it all up.  This time, we had to get her to throw it all up right away, not only because of all the food she ate, but also because she would never be able to pass the pork chop bones through her tiny little brown-eye.  This near-death gorging side-show happened three times within five weeks.  

That dog was incorrigible.  

But, I could never get mad at her.  Her sad eyes and adorable mug was like Kryptonite to me.  Whatever she did was fine with me.  Yes, I tried to train her and I got most of the basics taken care of, but she was who she was, and I accepted her for exactly what she was.  She did some things most people would consider outrageous, but to me, it was just Jelly.  How could you get mad at a dog with a face like that?

Almost since the day I got her, she slept in the bed with me.  When I first got her, I tried to train her to sleep on the floor but she would cry like I was stepping on her head and proceeded to bounce up and down by the bed all night, trying to get up on the bed next to me.  After a couple of weeks of trying to train her or ignore her, I gave up and let her sleep in the bed.  Between sleeping in the bed and eating like a maniac, those were the only two things I couldn’t train out of her.  But, those things never bothered me.

Then along came Emma.  

Emma isn’t a “pet person”, to put it mildly.  She can tolerate animals as long as they stay out of her way, they don’t make a mess, and she doesn’t have to deal with the hassles of taking care of them.  Pets are things she tolerates because other people love them.  Although, I think she sincerely cared about Jelly, and that was probably only because I loved her so much.  There was a lot for her to love about Jelly, but there was also a lot to annoy her.  I don’t think it’s hard to imagine why or how Jelly got on Emma’s nerves, so it seemed inevitable that there would be a show-down between the two females in the house.  

Emma’s first order of business was to get Jellybean out of the bed.  The idea of allowing a dog to sleep in our bed just crawled all over Emma.  She couldn’t even begin to fathom why I would allow a dog to sleep in my bed for all of those years.  Although Emma didn’t come into the house swinging on the first day, it didn’t take her long to start the wheels in motion to extricate Jelly from the bed.  To Emma, dogs are dirty little critters that bring all sorts of nasty things into the house, and Emma didn’t want those nasty things in our bed.  Through living with Jelly for twelve years, I had become oblivious to the disgusting things she did.  I could think of nothing that would be so gross that I would not want her to sleep in our bed.  Emma, on the other hand, could think of a thousand deal-breaker things, including Jelly herself.  

Emma’s campaign began with random back-handed comments and sideways looks to communicate her disdain for the “Jelly Situation”.  Either I didn’t notice them, or I didn’t want to notice them, so they went unnoticed for a couple of months.  This didn’t help my cause.  Apparently, women don’t like it when you completely miss their repeated, obfuscated hints.  I was certainly aware that Emma wasn’t a big “dog in the bed” person, but I was hoping I could ignore it long enough for her to get used to the idea and acquiesce to Jelly’s place in the bed.  Apparently, women don’t like that tactic either.  

Things came to a head when Jelly started to get restless in the bed and would jump down from the bed and scratch on the door to get a drink of water, throughout the night.  This annoyed even me, but I was willing to overlook it and deal with the hassle.  Emma was not willing to do either of these things.  Something had to be done and Emma had waited long enough for me to do something about it.  

The conversation went something like this:

“What is going on with Jelly?”, asked Emma crabbily one morning.

“What do you mean?”

“She keeps jumping off the bed a scratching on the door to get out every night.  It’s driving me nuts.”

“I know.  I wonder what that’s all about”, I responded, not at all comfortable with where I thought this conversation was going.

“Aren’t you tired from waking up throughout the night?”, she asked pointedly.  “I’m exhausted every morning.  I don’t know how you can stand it.”

“I guess I’m just used to it.  It doesn’t really bother me.  Does it bother you?”

“Yeah!”, she said with a drawn-out, highly acerbic sarcasm.  “That dog is killing me.  I’m tired and cranky all the time because I keep waking up in the middle of the night.”

And then she drove in the first dagger.

“I think we should make Jelly sleep on the floor”, she said with a disingenuously compassionate tone.  “Don’t you think?”

“I don’t know”, I said, fishing for a solution good enough to placate my very irritated wife.  “She’s slept on the bed her whole life.  I’d feel terrible about making her sleep on the floor.  Plus, she’ll jump up and down on the floor all night, trying to get back up on the bed.  You know that’s what she’ll do.”

“Well, why doesn’t she just sleep on the couch out in the living room?”, Emma proffered.  “She’ll be comfortable out there and we’ll be able to get a full-night’s sleep.”

“Wait.  First you want her out of the bed, now you want her out of the room entirely?”, I asked, astounded by the precipitous devolution of Jelly’s status and standing in the house.  

“I know both of you are used to her sleeping in the bed, but it’s not fair to you or me.  We don’t get any sleep because of her.  We wake up throughout the night and we wake up exhausted.  That’s no way to live, is it?”

The final lyrics from “The Devil Went Down to Georgia” reverberated in my head… “The devil bowed his head because he knew that he'd been beat. And he laid that golden fiddle on the ground at Johnny's feet.  Johnny said, "Devil, just come on back if you ever want to try again. 'Cause I told you once, you son of a bitch, I'm the best that's ever been."  

And, Charlie Daniels’ fiddle played the requiem to Jelly’s reign, thusly excommunicating her from the bedroom forever.

But, Jellybean was a vengeful bitch, and she would not take this usurpation lightly.  She would make us pay in very subversive, very clever, very annoying ways.  

A few weeks later, we had a dinner party.  Three of Emma’s friends and their husbands came over to welcome us into our new home and celebrate our new marriage.  I spent all day cooking while Emma spent all day cleaning.  When the guests arrived, everything was under control and there was just enough time for a few drinks and a tour of the house before dinner was ready.  We sat around talking for a while, the women in the living room and the men in the kitchen.  After Jelly had made a few bold attempts at stealing food off the serving platter on the coffee table, she mysteriously disappeared.  A short while later, Emma’s friend Elsie was on her way back from the bathroom in the master bedroom and caught Emma as she filled her wine glass.  

“Emma”, Elsie whispered.  “Can I talk to you?”

“Sure”, Emma responded a bit uneasy with Elsie’s tone.

“I was in the bathroom and Jelly got into the garbage.  There is a mess all over the floor.  You may want to clean it up before anyone else goes in there.”

Emma said with embarrassed irritation, “Oh my God.  I’m so sorry.  That dog is such a pain in the ass.  Let me go get Jack to clean it up.”

“No, not at all”, Mel assuaged with a calm laugh.  “It’s not a big deal.  I just thought you’d want to get it up before anyone else went in there.”

Emma stepped away from Elsie and summoned me from the kitchen.

“Jelly tore apart the garbage in the bathroom”, she said, trying to control her outrage.  “Elsie was just in there and said there is trash all over the floor.  Can you go clean it up please?”

I laughed slightly and shook my head.  “Damn dog.”  

Okay, so she tore into the garbage.  No big deal right?  

Well, maybe, if that was the end of it.

A few minutes after we all sat down at the dining room table for dinner, Jelly came sauntering into the room like something was about to go down.  She just had that look in her eye.  I watched her come into the room and I tried to figure out what was going on.  Like a mother with her children, I noticed things about my dog that no one else did and I could sense when something was not right.  Whether it was the noises she was making in the next room, or the complete lack of noise she was making, I could tell when something was up.  So, I watched out of the corner of my eye and waited.  

No one else seemed to notice her at all, that is, until she started heaving.  

All eyes turned to Jelly as her belly sucked in and thrusted out, over and over.  We all knew what was about to happen and we couldn’t turn away.  None of us spoke.  We just watched in horror as Jelly stood next to our wonderful dinner and vomited her brains out.  Vomiting, alone, would have been bad enough.  It’s what came out that took it to a whole new level.  

On her last heave, she expelled a white and red gelatinous mass of something.  We all stared at it, trying to figure out what the hell she ate and what the hell she just threw up.  We seemed to collectively recognize what it was at the same time as we all looked away and fought to keep down the food and drinks we had recently ingested.  

It was a used tampon.

Apparently, the babysitter does not flush her tampons.  She wraps them up in toilet paper and puts them in the garbage next to the toilet.  Well, isn’t that special?

I jumped up, raced to the kitchen for a wad of paper towels, raced back to the dining room, wiped it up off the floor and carried it out into the garage as fast as I could, like I was carrying a vile of nitro glycerin laced with Anthrax.  I couldn’t get it out of the house fast enough, but I also did not want to drop it.  The last thing I needed was to end up cleaning a second pile of blood and vomit from the floor.  

Emma can actually laugh about it now, but not whole-heartedly.  Not yet.  It will be a few more decades before that can happen.    

And that was my dog Jellybean, in all her glory.  What a great dog. 

Jellybean died of old age less than a year later.  She was thirteen years old.  God I miss her.

Losing her was the worst day of my life.  

I had noticed she wasn’t feeling well for a couple of days and that she was losing a little weight.  She had gone through weird periods of weight loss, weight gain, lethargy, and general apathy before, so the alarms did not go off right away.  The night before she died, it looked like she had lost a lot of color in her face and she seemed very weak.  I planned to take her to the vet the next morning before work if she hadn’t made any improvement.  The moment I woke up the next day, I went to check on her.  She had lost more color and seemed to have lost more weight.  Then I saw that she was shivering.  When I lifted her up into my arms, she was too weak to lick my face like she had every day for the past thirteen years.  I looked into her eyes and I knew she was dying.  She looked at me with the saddest eyes I had ever seen and told me she had enough and she was letting go.  She would step aside and give her spot next to me, to my new wife.  

God.  I’m crying right now just writing about this.

Emma walked into the living room and saw me holding Jelly, crying, kissing my dying dog on her dry little nose.  

“Is she okay?”, Emma asked, knowing the answer.

“No.  I think she’s dying”, I stammered through the tears.  “I have to take her to the vet right now.”

“Do you want me to go with you?”, she asked, tangibly hurting from my pain.

“No.  You have to get the kids off to school.  I’ll take her.”

I carried my little Jellybean into the car, still wearing my pajamas, trying to allow myself to say good-bye, praying I was mistaken.  

I somehow made it to the vet through the tears, just as they were opening for the day.  When I walked in carrying Jelly, the veterinarian’s assistant took one look at me, then at Jelly, and knew what was going on.  I had been taking Jellybean to this same vet since I arrived in NC and they all knew her very well.  They all loved her and they all knew how much I loved her.  

They took me to the examination room right away and the vet came into the room as soon as I set Jelly down on the table.  

“So, what’s going on with Jellybean?”, the vet asked with a sad heart.

“She’s sick.  I think she’s dying”, I said trying to control myself.

“Let me take her back and run a few tests.  We’ll see if we can’t find out what’s going on.”

The vet took her back and I waited in the examination room for her to come back with the news I already knew.  Then, someone knocked on the door and I saw Emma peek in to see if I was in the room.  Then, I saw Pete peek in behind her.

“Is Jelly okay?”, Pete asked very sadly.  He hadn’t known Jelly very long, but I knew he loved her.  

“No.  She’s not doing very well”, I said desperately trying to keep it together.  

“Is she going to die?”, Pete asked gently and directly.

“Yeah.  I think so”, I responded with a solemn smile, trying to comfort Pete with my disposition.  

“Do you want me to stay?”, Emma asked.

“No.  You go ahead.  I’ll call you when I find out anything”

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah.  You go on.  I should know something by the time you get to work.”

“Okay.  Call me as soon as you find out anything”, Emma said with a hug and a peck on the cheek.

Emma and Pete walked out of the vet’s office and carried on with their day, both distraught from my pain and the pain they were feeling in their own hearts.  Jelly may have been a pain in the ass at times, but she had a way of making you love her.  

The vet came back in the room and told me all she needed to tell me with the look in her eyes.  

“I’m sorry.  There is nothing we can do.  Her body has pretty much shut down”, the vet said with her hand on my shoulder as I began to fall apart.  “She’s lived a long life, and she’s ready to go.  However, if you want, there are some things I can do to keep her alive and her organs working for a few more weeks.”

“Will that give her any chance at living beyond a few weeks?”, I asked, again, knowing the answer before I asked the question.

“No.  I’m sorry.  It won’t”, she responded with her eyes on her toes.  “But, I had to at least give you the option.  It’s up to you what you want to do.”

Not wanting to say the words, I asked, “If it were your dog, what would you do?”

“I would put her down”, she said with a tear forming.  “She’s in a lot of pain right now.  Now, I can’t tell you what to do.  I can only tell you what I would do.  The choice is yours.”

Through the tears and sobs, I managed to say the words.  “Okay.  Do it.”

“I know it’s hard, but it’s the right thing to do”, she consoled me.  “I’ll give you a few minutes to say good-bye while I get ready.”

The vet left the room and left me to say good-bye to my precious little Jellybean for the last time.

“Well, Jelly.  I guess this is it”, I cried more and more uncontrollably.  “I’m going to miss you Jelly.  You are a great dog and I love you very, very much.  I just can’t believe this is it.  I thought you would live forever.”

I kissed her on the nose a few times and gently scratched her behind the ears while I pressed my cheek up against the side of her snout.  She knew this would be the last time she would ever be able to lick me, and she summoned all of the strength she had in her dying body to stick out her quivering tongue to lick me for the last time.  Her jaw shook and her body shivered as she licked me that last time.  She only had enough strength for one last lick before the vet came back in the room.  I can feel that lick on my face right now.  

“Okay.  I’m ready.  Do you want to stay or do you want to wait outside in the waiting room?”, she asked me, starting to cry herself.  

“I want to stay.  I want to be here with her when she goes”, I said, losing more control.

The vet swabbed her leg with alcohol just above the paw, drew the needle, stuck it in her leg, and pushed the overdose of painkiller into her withering vein.  

My eyes were locked onto Jelly’s eyes and we stared at each other for the last time as I watched the life go out of her eyes and I watched her breathe her last breath and felt the life disappear from her body.  

“She’s gone”, the vet said.  

I just completely lost it at that point.  

I sat there weeping for about ten minutes before I could get myself under control enough to stand and prepare myself to leave the vet’s office without my precious Jellybean tagging along behind me, wagging her little tail.  

Like I said.  That was the worst day of my life.  


Chapter Twelve

“Did you call Jim about the house?”, Emma asked with exasperated irritation.  

“I called him twice today but he didn’t answer”, I said with equal exasperation and irritation.  “I left messages for him to call me right away.  That asshole is really starting to piss me off.  He has been avoiding me for two weeks now.  And, when I do talk to him, all I get are bullshit excuses.  I know we are still less than half way through this thing, but I’m having very serious second-thoughts about his ability or willingness to do what he says he will do.”  

“Do you want me to call him?”, she said with too much attitude for my liking.

“What’s that supposed to mean?”, I said defensively.

“It’s not supposed to mean anything”, she parried.  “I just figured you might be sick of calling him and maybe I should take this off your plate.”

“So, you aren’t satisfied with the way I am handling this or with the amount and type of progress I am making”, I moved from defense to offense.  “It sounds like you are telling me again that you want this to get done and you think only you can do it correctly.  Is that right?”

“You’re just making shit up, now”, she defended.  “I didn’t say or mean anything like that.  This is the second time in the past six months you have said something like that.  Where is this coming from?”

“How could you ask that?”, I argued.  “You have said those exact words to me before.  We were having dinner and you were laying into me for not taking care of the mile-long list of things you wanted me to do and you said that if you wanted something to get done, you would have to do it yourself.  And, that it’s always been like this and it’s what you were used to.  Remember?  I got pissed off at you for comparing me to Ted and implying I was a worthless piece of shit just like him.  You remember that don’t you?”

“Yes, I remember that argument,” she countered, digging in her heels.  “But you know I wasn’t comparing you to Ted and I wasn’t calling you a worthless piece of shit.  That is all in your head.  Don’t put your baggage on me.”

“Don’t pull that ‘baggage’ bullshit.  This is about you and me.  Nothing else.  You know it doesn’t matter what your exact words were”, I said with growing aggravation.  “Words mean nothing.  It’s what lies behind your words that matter.  It’s the message you are sending with the words you are using to obscure what you are really saying.  When you told me that it’s always been like this and it’s what you are used to, how did you think I would interpret that?  The message was clear.  You have an expectation of everything you think I should do and I don’t come anywhere near meeting that expectation.  And, it pisses you off.”

“Well, what do you expect?”, she moved from defense to offense.  “You never do anything I ask.  And if you do, it’s only because I have asked you a thousand times to do it and you just want me to get off your back.  You don’t do it because you love me and you want to help me out.  Why do I have to do everything?”

“Did you ever think that maybe your expectations are completely unrealistic and a bit nuts?”, I moved from offense to offensive, uncomfortably knowing I had just crossed the line and this argument was about to get ugly.  “You have this list in your head of a gazillion things that HAVE to get done or the world comes to an end.  No matter what I do, it’s never good enough for you.  I do a lot around the house, but you don’t give me credit for it.  Whatever I do, you just say it’s no more than the minimum expectation for someone in a marriage and I don’t deserve any recognition for it.  Think about how much I do now versus when we first got married.  I do a lot and it pisses me off that you treat me like a lazy piece of shit that does nothing all day.  I may not take care of your obsessive and insane list of bullshit, but I do a lot.  Yes, you do a lot more than I do, but that’s more a function of your personality.  You feel like you need to be accomplishing something every minute of every day.  And, you have this picture in your head of how I’m supposed to spend my time that is impossible for me to ever achieve.  And, when I don’t do what you expect me to do, you treat me like shit.”

“That is so unfair”, she said half-pissed and half-upset.  “I hardly ever ask you to do anything.  You have made it perfectly clear that you are not willing to do the things I would like you to help me with.  But, there are some things I can’t do and I don’t think it’s asking too much for you to help me out every once in a while.  It’s like you won’t do anything I want to get done, just to be stubborn.  Like you won’t do it just because I ask you to do it.  I hate asking you to do anything because it always turns into an argument, just like right now.”

This was the exact argument we had, several times, for the first two years of our marriage.  We almost never argued, except for this argument.  We never made any progress during these arguments and we both said almost the exact same things each time.  We both hurt each other’s feelings and we always walked away feeling misunderstood and unappreciated.   

In my mind, it was the eternal struggle between Type A and Type B personalities.  Or, the struggle between love languages, depending on the way you wanted to look at it.  Her brain worked one way and my brain worked the complete opposite way.  Neither one of us ever tried to hurt the other one, but we always did when this argument came up.  It was a very personal battle over the core of who we are as people.  Neither one of us was right or wrong.  We just process things differently and we have very different priorities.  She needed to spend every minute of every day being productive.  In her mind, there was no such thing as “down-time”.  If she wasn’t getting something done, she was wasting time.  And, time was not something you wasted, ever.  She was crawling out of her skin when she was not ticking things off of her list.  Sitting down on the couch to relax was a hellatious torture that made her fidgety and nervous whenever she did me the favor of spending time with me in my world.  Every once in a while, I felt like if I wasn’t being productive, she looked down on me and judged me as lazy.  There were times over the years when I was sitting around relaxing while she was running around being productive, she would stop in her tracks, look at me crooked, and ask how I could just sit there doing nothing.  She would wonder aloud how I could sit there and watch her do all the work that needed to be done.  As a result, I would feel horrible and guilty, or I would think she was nuts and completely unreasonable.  In terms of love languages, she shows love and feels loved by getting stuff done.  This quickly became completely obvious to me and I felt helpless against it.  

Relaxing, enjoying life, and being in love are my most important priorities.  Tasks and chores are things you have to do when you have no other choice.  A few things need to get done right away, but most things don’t have to get done by any particular date.  There isn’t a ticking clock over my head, pressuring me to be productive.  I’ll get to them when I get to them.  I don’t ask anything of anyone and I don’t expect anyone to do what I want them to do.  When I believe something needs to get done, I will do it myself when I remember to do it.  I believe my time is best spent telling and showing my wife how much I love her.  In my way, I tell her or show her how much I love her at least twenty times a day.  Affection and intimacy are not her priorities and sometimes I think they just don’t come naturally to her.  If I didn’t express love the way I do, I’m not sure she would show me or tell me she loves me more than a few times a week, by way of reciprocation.  This seems crazy to me.  I believe if you love someone, you tell them, every day, over and over.  You make them feel loved as often as possible and in as many ways as possible.  When she does not do or say explicit things to show me she loves me, I feel unimportant and that our marriage is not a priority to her.  I feel like she has not let herself be emotionally vulnerable and she has not fully committed to the idea of marriage.  I believe that when you marry someone, you are agreeing to give yourself completely to that person.  In this context, sometimes I’m not sure she has done that.  I believe she still has a protective wall that she hides behind and will not allow herself to be exposed to the best and worst parts of honest intimacy.  My feelings and beliefs all come from the way my brain works.  Like her, I can only see things through my eyes and compare things to the way I am.  As I have come to learn, this inevitably leads to hurt feelings and conflict.  In terms of love languages, I show love and feel love by honest, frequent, and tangible expressions of love.  This quickly became completely obvious to her and she felt helpless against it.  

In reality, we were not great at speaking each other’s love languages, no matter how well we thought we were doing it or how much effort we thought we were putting into it.  Whatever the other person was doing, sometimes it wasn’t enough and it frustrated both of us.  We couldn’t change the way our brains work, so we gave in to the fact that we both had to compromise on our expectations and adjust our interpretations.  We had to assume love and assume the other person was doing the best they could and that we both loved each other endlessly.  For the good of the marriage, we had to acquiesce to these beliefs when we felt conflicted.  Most of the time, I think we both felt completely loved and honored to be with each other.  When conflict arose, we inconveniently forgot about how much we really loved each other, and we let the insecure cores of our personalities contaminate the situation.

Fortunately for us, these conflicts did not arise very often and we spent 99% of our time being ridiculously in love.  For two diametric over-achievers, giving up on the last 1% was excruciating.  Although, I’m not sure either one of us has actually given up on the last 1%.  I think we have both just set it aside for now until one of has an epiphany that will lead us to the promised land of the 100%.  

I’ll let you know how that works out.  

To exacerbate this personality conflict between us in the early years, our builder was useless.  He promised us the world and extolled the value of trust, then blamed everyone else for delays or mistakes, completely failed to do what he promised, and blew our contractual budget by  over $60,000.  He was a complete nightmare.  Yes, it could have been much worse, but from our perspective, our builder was the worst this world has ever seen.  

Ten months into a project that he promised would take eight months at the absolute most, we met to review the budget and the remaining work.  

“Hey Jim”, I said opening the front door.

“Hey”, he said walking right by me without shaking my hand or looking me in the eye.  

“Emma will be here soon”, I said to open up the conversation.  “She’s on her way home from work right now.”

“Mmm hmm”, he mumbled with his irritated eyes on the floor.  

“Can I get you something to drink?”

“No.  I’m fine.”  

“Okay”, I said expecting the conversation to begin with an argument.  “We can sit here at the dining room table and spread out all the documents.”

He said nothing as he pulled out a chair to sit down.

“Why don’t we get started”, I offered.  “Emma can join in when she gets here.”

“That’s fine”, Jim abbreviated his disingenuous accession.  

“So, where are we?”

“Well, we’re a bit behind schedule.  The electrician was supposed to come out last week to finish up, but I can’t get him to come out.  And, the plumber is waiting for your decorator to pick out the fixtures and deliver them to the house.  He can’t do anything until James gets that done.”

“Is the plumber done with all the rough-in work?”, I asked, knowing the answer.

“No, he still has some work to do on that”, Jim responded shakily, feeling the trap about to spring.  “He should be done by the end of the week.”

“So, he couldn’t install the fixtures even if James had them there right now?”, I said only slightly sarcastically.  

“Well, no, but James still needs to get those fixtures delivered”, Jim said, looking to divert the attention and the blame away from himself.  

“True.  But it all fairness, you only told us two days ago that we would need all the fixtures this week.  That isn’t enough time for anyone to pick out fixtures and have them delivered, is it?”, I questioned Jim, not waiting for an answer.  “So, how can you say that James is holding you up?”

“Well, if you just let the plumber order the fixtures like I suggested, we would have all this taken care of”, Jim said trying to affix the blame on me now.  “You wanted James to take care of the fixtures, so we are looking at another week or so delay.”

“Jim, the estimate from the plumber you gave us was $20,000 more than the allowance you put in the contract”, I said calmly but increasingly agitated.  “If we went with your plumber we would be $20,000 over budget, on top of the $20,000 we are already over because of your miscalculation on the grading bill.  On the allowances we are responsible for paying, you have missed the actual cost by 100%, two times now.  And now, you are blaming us for the delays because we don’t want to pay double your original estimate.  We are hemorrhaging cash right now because of you and we are trying to save some money on things we can control.  So, how is the delay our fault?”  

Then, Emma walked in the door, completely unaware of the shit storm she was about to join.  

I got up and walked over to her, kissing her hello.  “Hey.  How’s my beautiful wife?”

“Good.  How are you doing?”, she asked cheerfully, then noticed Jim in the dining room.  “Oh, hey Jim.”

“Hey Emma”, he replied happily, stupidly hoping she would be the distraction he needed to escape the interrogation.  

“We were just talking about where we are on the house”, I said, directing us back to the argument in progress.  “Jim said we are behind schedule again.  He said that the electrician has disappeared and the plumber is waiting for the fixtures to arrive.  Is that right Jim?”

“Yes, that’s right”, he said, feeling the hammer coming down.  “If we can get those two things taken care of, we’ll be back on schedule.”

“What do you mean the plumber is waiting for the fixtures?”, Emma said, getting right into it.  “You just told us two days ago you needed the fixtures this week and that your plumber was $20,000 over the estimate.  Surely you didn’t expect us to have the fixtures in already.   And, there is a lot of other work that you can be getting done while all this is going on.  This shouldn’t be causing an overall delay in the process.  What else are you getting done while you are waiting for the plumber and the electrician?  Is the closet guy doing anything?  Is the flooring guy doing anything?  Is the painter doing anything?”

“I wanted to get the plumber and the electrician out of the way before I started on the other work”, Jim stumbled through his excuse.  “These guys don’t like anyone to get in their way while they are working.”

“Well, they aren’t working now, so why aren’t you doing anything to make progress while the other things are on hold?”, Emma pushed, getting riled up.

“I haven’t scheduled anything with the other subs yet, because I wanted to finish the plumbing and electrical work first”, Jim dug the hole a little deeper.

“Jim”, Emma countered with vigor.  “First of all, there is no reason these subs can not work in the same house at the same time.  They are adults and they should be used to working around each other.  This is not a big deal.  There is no excuse for not having the other subs working on the house right now.  Second, it is unacceptable for you to be so far behind the original schedule and adding more delays for no reason.  The weather has been perfect since you started and we have not caused any of the delays.  You seem to be spending all of your time and effort on your spec house and none of your time on ours. We drove by your spec house the other day and it’s almost finished.  You started that house three months after you started our house, but somehow that house is almost done.  I’m tired of the excuses Jim.  You made promises to us and I don’t think you have honored those promises.” 

Like a deer in the headlights, Jim sat there and said nothing, hoping for a miracle to save him.

“Look Jim”, Emma said softening the abrasive tone.  “We’re tired of these delays and we just want you to do what you promised.  You told us when we started that this would take eight months at the most, six months if you had good weather.  You told us in October that we could move in by January.  Then you told us we would be able to move in by March.  Now, it’s April and we still aren’t anywhere near done.  We’ve been extremely patient, but this is ridiculous.  I don’t even care why things are delayed anymore.  I just want to know what you are going to do about it.  What is your plan from here?”

“I understand where you are coming from”, Jim said with a beat-dog look on his face, looking at me, not her.  “I’m sorry your house is taking so long.  I’ve done my best to build you the house you wanted in the time frame we discussed.  I know I could have done a better job on the estimate and sticking to the schedule.  I’ve been real busy keeping my other crews going and I dropped the ball on your house.  I apologize for that.  A lot of things have happened that I didn’t expect and they have caused a lot of delays.  But, you have to see this from my perspective.  Yes, I could have done some things to better manage this job, but I’m having a lot of trouble with the subs.  No one seems to want to work.  Every time I call them, they don’t call me back.  They don’t finish their work by the day they promised and there are always things they have to come back to fix.  I can’t force them to show up and I spend half of my time chasing them down.  I paid most of them up front, out of my own pocket, because they said they couldn’t start working until they had been paid.  So, I’m out a lot of money that is caught up in their work not getting done.  And, you won’t pay me until your bank agrees to release more money to you, based on the amount of work completed.  I can’t submit an invoice for you to give the bank until the work is done, so these subs are costing me a lot of money.  Not only that, but this house is costing me money to build.  I ran the numbers last night and by the time this is all done, it will have cost me $67,000 to build your house.  I’m $67,000 in the hole because of this house.  The hurricane last summer drove up prices through the roof and I’m paying more than double for the materials.  Everything I am responsible for is costing me way more than I budgeted.  Not only that, the housing market is terrible.  I still don’t have a buyer for my spec house and I’m paying $6,000 a month in mortgage payments just to keep it alive.  Because of that, I may have to sell the house I’m living in, just so I can afford the payments on the spec house.  I can barely pay my bills as it is.  And, on top of that, I’m not making anything on your house.  This is killing my family.  I had to take my kids out of private school because I can’t afford the tuition.  My wife is extremely depressed and she has gained like fifty pounds in the past couple of months.  We are arguing all the time and I’m not sure if we are going to make it.  Things are really tough right now.  I’ve talked to a lot of other builders and they are going through the same thing.  So, it’s not just me.  I know things aren’t going the way you hoped, but this is not all my fault.  Some of these things are out of my control.  So, I’m hoping you can see things from my perspective and cut me a little slack.  I told you before we started this house that I am a man of my word and trust is very important to me.  It doesn’t make me go any faster when you call me every day, checking on the progress and demanding things because you don’t trust me.  If you trust me and let me do my job, I promise you I will build you the house you wanted.  Can you do that for me?”

Emma and I looked at each other, astounded by the litany of excuses, all the bullshit stories, and the completely inappropriate disclosure of the details of his personal life.  Neither one of us had ever heard that much crap crammed into one monologue, ever.  It would have been impressive if we weren’t on the wrong end of it.  We really had no idea how to react at that point.  

Completely thrown for a loop, I reacted with as much patience I could manufacture and said, “Look.  What’s done is done.  Let’s just move on from here.  All we want is for you to do the right thing.  It sounds like you are willing to do that, so I don’t expect us to run into any problems from here on out.  Why don’t you create a schedule of all the things that need to get done in order to finish and give us some dates we can use to plan out whatever you will need from us?  That way, we’ll know what to expect from you and you will know what to expect from us.  I think part of our problem so far is just a lack of communication.  I don’t think we would be so upset right now if you just kept us up to date on what is going on.  So, let’s do that and I think we’ll be fine.”

“I can do that”, Jim said, elated to escape the argument without admitting anything was actually his fault.  

Emma thought about resuming the argument and forcing Jim to admit his culpability, but decided it would get us nowhere fast.  “Okay”, Emma said, still not happy, but not quite as upset.  “If you can get us a schedule we can all work from, I think we can avoid this kind of situation happening again.  Assuming the weather holds and there aren’t any more unnecessary delays, when do you think we will be able to move in?”

Jim stared at the ceiling and pretended to do some calculations in his head.  “Let’s see.  Today is April 8th, so I’m thinking we should be ready for you to move in by late May.”

“Okay, late May it is”, I said with the finality of a judge handing down a sentence.  “I’ll call the bank tomorrow and make sure we are all set with the final mortgage and I’ll call the movers to hold a date in late May.”

“Sounds good”, Jim said with enormous false confidence.  

Not quite satisfied or confident, Emma said, “Why don’t we set up a time each week for us to talk and you can give us an update on where we are?  There are a lot of things we have to coordinate for the move that are dependent upon the exact close date.  I just want to make sure we don’t spend any money on things that may not happen according to plan.”  

“I think that’s reasonable”, I agreed.  “Is that okay with you Jim?”

“Yeah, that should be okay”, Jim said just to appease us and get the hell out of there, with no intention of honoring his promise.  

“Okay then.  I think we’re good”, I concluded while standing up from my chair to indicate the meeting was over.  “So, I’ll call you next week and we’ll talk about where we are.”

Jim nodded his understanding and agreement, then walked over towards the front door.  We followed him to the door and said good-bye with an uncomfortable hand shake and a forced smile.  We closed the door behind him and felt our faces turn sour with disgust.

“We’re not going to be done by late May”, Emma said derisively.  “It’ll be a miracle if we are in there by the end of the year.”

“I don’t know about the end of the year, but we definitely won’t be ready by the end of May.  That guy is talking out of his ass”, I said with a disgusted laugh, putting my arm around her, walking back towards the kitchen.  “Where in the hell did this thing go so wrong?  I had such high hopes when we started out.  It makes me sick to think about all that bullshit Jim talked about trust and just wanting to build great houses.  He’s so full of shit.  Either he is the stupidest person I have ever met, or he is a piece of shit crook.    Remember me telling you about the jinx back on our honeymoon?  Look where that has gotten us.  I feel like we’re being mugged every day.”

“I know.  Me too”, Emma agreed, still disgusted from all the lies and excuses, ignoring the allusion to the jinx.  “I just want this to be over.  I want Jim out of our lives as soon as possible.  It seems like we’re never going to get rid of him.  I don’t even want to think about all the things that will go wrong when we actually move in.  It’ll be next to impossible getting him out there to make things right after we move in.”

“I don’t even want to think about that”, I shook my head.  “I think we can expect this to get worse before it gets better.”

“Don’t say that”, she sighed.  

We moved into the house on June 22nd, almost thirteen months after we broke ground.  By the end, we were so pissed off and frustrated, we gave up on dozens of things that weren’t right.  If we waited for Jim to finish the never-ending punch list, I think it would have been another six months before we moved in.  We decided to just get in the house and then hound Jim to finish all of the cosmetic and functional issues that continued to plague our existence.  All we wanted was to be able to move into a perfect new house without having to deal with any imperfections for at least a few months.  That would never happen.  The house was never perfect and we had no choice but to let it go.  Jim would never honor his word and nothing was ever his fault.  He did come back a couple of times after we moved in to work on the punch list, but nothing was ever fixed correctly or adequately and it was pointless to even try to get him to do the right thing.  He hated us and we hated him.  Every encounter became filled with animosity and distrust.  He thought we were unreasonably picky and mean.  We thought he was incompetent and a liar.  Neither one of us would ever be satisfied and we were both content to never see each other again.  


Chapter Thirteen
 
A few months before we were married, we started to worry about Bob.  He is a very sensitive kid and he was having a very tough time with his parents’ divorce.  Most assuredly, the divorce affected him in profound ways we could not even imagine.  Yes, it was difficult for Pete and Chris, but it was difficult for them more because of the guilt and anger Ted layed on their hearts.  They were forced to agree with and conspire with Ted on all his psychotic rantings about Emma and me.  They were coerced into believing that Emma was a slut and I was a piece of shit.  They were compelled to hate us and pledge their allegiance to Ted.  Bob dealt with these same issues, but Bob caught it from another, more pernicious angle as well.  

Bob has the ability, or the curse, of being able to fully feel other people’s pain.  He also had the ability, or the curse, of seeing only the good in people.  I believe Bob’s good-hearted nature was part of what ultimately caused his downward spiral.  

After his parents split, he felt the full weight and confusion of his dad’s pain and anger towards his mother.  However, at the time, Bob did not have the capacity to hate anyone, especially his mother.  He wanted everyone to get along and he wanted to love both of his parents equally.  He had never seen his dad act psycho before the divorce, especially towards him, so he had no reason to believe his dad would ever turn on him.  So, he would freely share his feelings and experiences with both of his parents, without having a clue as to how violently Ted would react to certain things he said.  Ted’s horrific reactions to Bob’s innocent statements would create massive amounts of angst and turmoil that Bob was completely incapable of understanding or processing.  

Early into the separation, Bob would innocently tell Ted about the things he did with Emma and me.  He never said anything about liking me or preferring his mother over his father.  He just told him about what he was doing while with us.  Apparently, Ted interpreted his lack of hatred for us as a betrayal of him.  I don’t know when it happened, but at some point, Ted completely turned on Bob and eviscerated him for betraying his father.  Ted called him a traitor, told him he hated him, told him he didn’t care if he never saw him again, and told him he didn’t care what happened to him.  In fits of rage, Ted told Bob all of things that completely destroy a child’s heart.  Ted even went so far as to blame Bob for the divorce.  Imagine the confusion and self-loathing that comes along with the belief that you caused your parents’ divorce.  It’s debilitating to even think about the effect that would have on a child.

But, rather than hate his dad for tearing him apart, Bob started doing and saying everything Ted needed to hear in order for his dad to love him again.  The complete meltdown in Bob’s heart occurred when he realized that his dad could turn on him at any moment, without any forewarning, no matter how much he pledged his allegiance.  With Ted, it was all about the moment.  It didn’t matter how much he did or said to convince him he was on his side.  If he said one thing that could be interpreted as not hateful enough towards Emma or me, Bob would feel the full wrath of Ted’s irrational anger.  Because of this unpredictability and completely conditional love, Bob’s heart was torn to pieces.  He could not bring himself to risk losing his dad’s love, so he fully committed to the hatred he had to feel towards us.  He believed that if he hated us enough, he would please his dad and his dad would love him again.  

When Bob had completely turned to the Dark Side, there were fewer occasions and fewer reasons for Ted to lay into him.  So, to Bob, the hate-laced tactic was working.  He could keep his dad from turning violent on him and he could feel loved by his dad, as long as he hated Emma and me.  And, Ted rewarded Bob’s allegiance to his side by paying more attention to him and expressing the undying commitment he had to him, now that he was a Jenkins Boy again.  To Ted, as long as Bob was on his side, he would defend Bob from us and all of the evil things we wanted to do to him.  

Ted never punished Bob for any of the destructive choices he made.  Bob never had any rules to follow when he was with Ted.  Bob was allowed to do anything he wanted to when he was with Ted.  Ted would drive Bob to kids’ houses he knew were dealing or taking drugs.  Ted would lie for him to keep him out of trouble with us.  Ted told Bob that he didn’t have to listen to us or abide by our rules.  For everything it included or implied, Bob was on his own and left to his own poor judgment.  Yes, he was a Jenkins Boy, but he had no guidance and no expectation of making anything of his life.  Ted’s concern for Bob began and ended with his level of commitment to Ted’s revenge.  Ted would rather see Bob dead from an overdose than see Bob lose his hatred towards us.  

Bob felt the full pressure and freedom of believing he could do whatever he wanted, with impunity.  Whatever stupid thing Bob wanted to do, nothing would get in his way.  Ted would never punish him and Bob was given permission to completely ignore everything Emma or I said or did to correct him or dissuade him from making bad decisions.  Think about all of the incredibly stupid things most kids would do if they didn’t have parents teaching them right from wrong and holding them accountable for their mistakes.  Bob did all of those stupid things, plus he was agonizing in a sub-conscious hell for the twisted love he was receiving from Ted.  

I believe Bob was well-aware that he was making horrible decisions and acting like a delinquent.  But, he was trapped.  If he lived by our rules and didn’t hate us, he would lose his dad forever.  If he hated us and rebelled against everything we stood for, his dad would love him for at least one more day but he would be doing things he knew were wrong.  

Before Bob turned on us, he would tell us about all the horrible things Ted said and did to him.  After Bob switched his brain, he told us nothing.  Everything that went on while he was with his dad was a secret.  All of the kids and Ted lied for each other and hid the immoral or illegal things they had done.   All three kids started out scared to death to let slip something Ted had done that clearly violated the law or the custody agreement.  So, they told us nothing.  Eventually, they all became so brainwashed, they stopped thinking what Ted was doing was wrong and they wore their transgressions as red badges of courage.  They were all acting in the name of the Jenkins Boys and they were bullet proof as long as they stuck together.  As long as they hid the truth and corroborated their lies, they were all safe from us and the law.  Bob learned to lie, cheat, blame, manipulate, self-medicate, and hate from the master.  

The deplorable things we did find out about what Ted did or let the kids do, were completely accidental.  It was the kids’ complete loss of focus when we found out that Ted never bought them beds to sleep in at his house.  Or, that Bob slept on the couch while Pete slept in Ted’s bed with him every night.  Or, that Ted let Bob’s 13 year-old girlfriend sleep over his house and let the two of them sleep together on the couch.  Or, that Ted took the kids and Bob’s girlfriend on an overnight trip where they all slept in one hotel room.  Or, that Ted let Bob hang out with friends we had forbidden him from seeing because they were into drugs.  Or, that the kids slept in the car in the parking lot while Ted was at work.  Or, that Ted slept in his car every night when he didn’t have the kids.  Or, that Ted was actively drinking again.  Or, that Ted never had food in the house for the kids to eat.  Or, that the kids never did their homework when they were with Ted.  Every day, Ted was teaching them how to be irresponsible and make bad choices.  And, there was nothing we could do about it.  The judge and our lawyer told us he could choose to parent any way he wanted to when he had the kids.  

When we first caught Bob smoking pot a few months after we were married he wasn’t yet fully contaminated, so he confessed to everything.  When we confronted Bob with a pot pipe we found, Bob contritely admitted to smoking pot and told us the whole story.  He said that he smoked pot for the first time when he was around 12 years-old because he was curious, and he didn’t smoke again for a while.  It wasn’t until after the divorce that Bob started smoking pot more regularly with his friends.  He said it was to deal with the pain of the divorce.  He said that he felt guilty about the divorce and felt like he was one of the reasons his parents split.  He also said that he couldn’t handle his dad yelling at him all the time and calling him a traitor.  

All reasonable explanations for a teenager turning to drugs.

He then said that he wanted to stop smoking pot because it scared him how much he liked it and he could see it getting out of control.  So, he brought us all of the drug paraphernalia he had in his room and agreed to go to Step One, a local out-patient rehab program.  He seemed serious about getting clean and this was the first time we caught him, so we wanted to tread lightly on his tender heart.  We fully understood why he turned to drugs, but we could not take any chances of him continuing to do drugs.  He had an addictive personality and the genes of a raging addict.  Combined with the volatile situation he faced with his dad every day, the risk was too high.  

Bob started Step One a couple of weeks later and seemed to be doing very well.  His drug tests all came back clean for several months, and we thought he had gotten past the need to self-medicate.  What we didn’t know was how much of an impact his dad’s persecution would have on him.  This was during the time when Ted was most out of control and Bob was dealing with things we could only imagine.  After several months in Step One, Bob started acting out towards us.  It was really only after he got back from visits with Ted, so we thought he was just angry about what Ted had said to him.  Then, we started to see a difference in what Bob was saying to us and how he treated us.

At first, Bob was irritable and short-tempered when he came back from being with Ted.  Then, he began attacking Emma and rejecting her punishments for being disrespectful.  Then he started accusing her of cheating on Ted and blamed her for tearing apart the family.  Then, he told her she deserved to be punished for cheating on Ted.  Then, he told her that he wanted to beat the shit out of her.  Then, he told her he would shoot her in the head if he had a gun.  Then, he told her that she wasn’t his mother anymore and that he didn’t love her.  His comments and reactions became increasingly disturbing with every visit with his dad.

It was no accident that Bob was saying the exact same things Ted had said to her since they first separated.  Ted was beating Bob down with the guilt of his betrayal, then following up with delusional diatribes about Emma’s betrayal of him.  In a textbook example of child abuse, Ted was tearing him down and then rewarding him with affection when he supported Ted’s anger towards his mom.  So, the only way to gain Ted’s affection was to join the jihad against Emma and me.  

I just saw that movie Blood Diamond where the rebels in Sierra Leone would kidnap children then brainwash them into hateful killers.  They would mercilessly humiliate and punish the children until they demonstrated the correct behavior.  They would fill them with lies, explanations, and justifications for why they should reject their family and think a certain way, until it seemed reasonable.  And, they were surrounded by people who held the same beliefs and supported the “truth” they wanted the kids to believe.  Then they would lavishly reward them for switching their behavior and thoughts towards wanting to kill their enemy.  The “test” was when the child would willingly kill someone that was “against” them.  This is an exact analogy to what Ted was doing to Bob, as well as Pete and Chris.  And, like the movie, it worked on Bob.

As Bob’s anger and resentment grew towards us, so did the symptomatic manifestations of his drug use.  Looking back, I should have known without a doubt that he was turning into a bake-head.  I had seen a thousand people look and act like Bob, and they all wasted away in a drug-induced haze.  His speech was getting slower and his thoughts more scattered.  His eyes were half-closed when he came home from a friend’s house.  His grades slipped down into the “D/F” range.  His only scholastic aspiration was to pass each class with a “D-“, if at all.  He lied about doing homework.  He refused to do chores around the house.  All of his money disappeared the day after he got it.  He was getting into fights at school.  He and his friends would eat every crumb of food in our pantry when they came over.  He would laugh uncontrollably at things that weren’t all that funny.  He was listening to the Cotton Mouth Kings, Pink Floyd, Sublime, and all the other pothead bands.  The screensaver on his computer was a big pot leaf.  He had a bead curtain with big mushroom on it hanging in his room.  He was watching a lot of movies that were about getting high.  He didn’t care about his appearance as much as a 14 year-old kid should.  In addition, he was dating a girl that enabled his behavior and participated in a lot of the same activities.  

But, he was an incredible liar.  He could lie straight to our face with absolute conviction and not blink an eye.  We would confront him with strong, but not irrefutable, evidence that he was doing drugs or committing crimes, and he would deny everything.  Or, he would tell us that whoever told us something about him doing drugs, was lying.  Or, he would say that someone else did what he was accused of.  

If we didn’t believe him, he would go off on a violent diatribe about how horrible parents we were, that we wouldn’t even believe our own son.  That we would believe a total stranger instead of him.  He would commit to a lie and stick to it no matter how many holes it had in it.  No matter how unbelievable the lie, he would swear with all his heart that he was telling the truth.  Then, he would layer on the guilt about the divorce or launch into an attack about how Emma tore the family apart, in an effort to misdirect the focus of the argument.  By the time we sent him away, he had pretty much stopped lying about most things and admitted to breaking the law and the rules, just as a “fuck you” to us.  

Towards the end, things got really bad.  Bob’s 8th grade year was a nightmare I will not soon forget.  He was put in “in-school suspension” for fighting.  (Of course, Bob blamed the other kid and said he was only defending himself.)  He had completely stopped doing his homework and would have failed the 8th grade if Emma hadn’t begged the school to let him finish the last month of school from home, then forced him to do the work in front of her.  Then, Bob was busted twice at school for pot.  One time for possession and one time for distribution.  He was sneaking out every night to get high at his friend’s house.  He was having his drug dealer drop off drugs in our mailbox at night.  He was having sex with his 13 year-old girlfriend.  He and his friends were stealing their parents’ car and going joyriding around town.  He had graduated into a higher level of drugs.  He was doing cocaine, pain killers, LSD, mushrooms, alcohol, and whatever else he could get his hands on.  His days were spent waiting around the house, hiding in his room, playing his guitar until he could sneak out and get high.  

We did everything we could to stop him, or at least keep him grounded at the house.  None of it worked.  He didn’t care because he knew we couldn’t enforce his punishments.  He walked around the house, doing whatever he wanted, completely disregarding every rule we had in place.  Whatever he couldn’t get away with at our house, he would do it at Ted’s house.  Life at Ted’s house was wide-open.  He knew Ted would let him do whatever he wanted and go wherever he wanted.  His dad encouraged him to rebel against us and make our lives miserable in every way possible.  And, when he got to Ted’s, he congratulated Bob for making our lives miserable.   Ted was rewarding Bob’s destructive behavior and teaching Bob to become a complete fuck-up.  Ted was sacrificing the rest of Bob’s life so he could exact revenge on Emma.  And, when Bob ended up dead or addicted, Ted could blame Emma for causing all of it.    

If we hadn’t sent Bob to Darrington, if we were lucky, he would only have a felony on his record and spent a few months in a juvenile detention center.  If we were unlucky, Bob would be dead right now.  

Our breaking point was when we found a video tape he made one night when he snuck out.  Forget about the stupidity of what he did and think about the arrogance it takes to make a tape showing all of the laws he was breaking.  This videotape showed us in no uncertain terms that he no longer cared about anything.  He didn’t care if he got caught, he didn’t care who got hurt, and he didn’t care if he died.  

We were at Pete’s baseball game and we had brought the video camera to tape highlights of him playing.  I was getting ready to shoot some footage of Pete batting when Emma asked me to make sure I wasn’t taping over anything.  So, I re-wound the tape a bit and hit “play”.

“What the fuck?”, I said aloud to myself.  “What the hell is this?”

“What?”

“Let me rewind this to the beginning.  You have to see this”, I said in shock from the snippet I had just seen.  

“What is it?”, Emma asked, getting worried.  

At that point, we were walking around the world in a frightened daze, waiting for Bob’s next transgression.  Every time the phone rang, we expected it to be the school or the police department telling us Bob was busted for drugs again, or accused of something illegal, or failed a drug test, or something we couldn’t even imagine.  Every day was spent discussing Bob’s actions and state of mind.  We were worried sick about Bob, witnessing him spiraling out of control, with no idea how out of control he actually was.  We had our opinions, but Bob hid so much from us, we really had no clue the extent of his behavior.  We talked about sending Bob to some kind of “specialty school” to address his issues.  I had spent hundreds of hours on the internet searching for solutions, suggestions, and descriptions of programs for Bob.  I had a long list of options, but it all seemed to come down to extracting him from the situation.  He did not seem to have a chance in hell of surviving his teenage years unless we did something drastic.  At that point we knew he was out of control, even with the lack of complete knowledge of what he was doing every day.   Bob was committed to destroying his life in the name of destroying our lives and being a Jenkins Boy.  

“It’s a tape of Bob and his friends”, I mumbled.  “If I saw it correctly, it was taken at 4am, Wednesday.”

“4am, Wednesday??”, Emma gasped.  “He was with us on Wednesday.  Are you sure the tape has the correct time and date?”

“I can’t be sure, but I have no reason to believe it’s not correct.”

I found the beginning of the tape and we sat there under the Mid-May sun on the very uncomfortable metal bleachers, watching our world fall apart.  The tape chronicled one night of abject stupidity and criminality among four 13 year-olds.  The tape began with them riding around in one of their parents’ cars, drunk and high.  We didn’t recognize the 13 year-old driving or the kid in the passenger seat, which scared us even more that Bob was hanging out with a group of kids we didn’t even know.  They spent the first ten minutes of the tape driving around town, swerving all over the road, talking about how wasted they were from whatever alcohol they drank.  Then they talked about how the pot they smoked had combined with the alcohol to give them such a great buzz.  They circled through parking lots, drove wildly down off-road trails, and sped down highways, laughing like they were having the time of their lives, wasted out of their brains.  Then they stopped somewhere to skateboard for a while, stumbling all over themselves, recounting tales of drugs and alcohol they had taken on previous occasions and how great it was.  The tape ended after one of them mentioned the fact that it was after four in the morning and they had to get back home before their parents woke up.  

We found out one weekend during a Parent-Child seminar at Darrington that a couple days after this night of stupidity, Bob was with these same kids and they crashed into a tree, totaling the car.  By some miracle, they all walked away from the accident without a scratch.  

“Oh my God”, Emma wept.  “I can’t believe it.  He could have died.  They were all so wasted…  I can’t believe they didn’t get caught by the police…  What are we going to do?”

“I don’t think we have any choice.  We have to send him away, right now.  If we don’t send him away somewhere, he will be dead in six months.”

Emma cried silently with the revelation that her sweet, precious Bob was destructively out of control and was on an inexorable path to jail or death.  

“I think that Darrington place I found in Georgia is our best choice”, I interrupted her break-down.  “The website said that they specialize in dealing with people exactly like Bob.  They are a fully-accredited school, so Bob can get school credit while he is there.  But, it will probably take him more than a year to get through the program.  I think we should call them tomorrow and secure a place for him there.”

Emma nodded in assent and shook her head while wiping away the tears that would saturate her face for many months to come.  

“I’ll set it all up”, I confirmed soberly.

When we got home, we confronted Bob about the tape.

“Bob.  Come here please”, Emma firmly requested from our bedroom.

Bob walked in the room with a defiant bravado and a wicked little smile on his face.  He knew he was in trouble for something and he didn’t care.  He actually seemed to be enjoying the opportunity to spit in our faces again.  

“We found the tape you made the other night”, Emma started and waited for his reaction.

“What tape?”, Bob said with complete disinterest.  

“The tape you made with your friends driving around town at four in the morning, drunk and high.”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about.  I wasn’t driving around at 4am with anyone.  You’re crazy…  Can I go now?” he said hatefully as he turned to walk away.

Emma grabbed his arm to stop him and he whipped his arm out of her grasp and said, “Get your hands off of me.  Don’t you ever grab my arm like that.”

“Bob!”, Emma gasped.  “Don’t talk to me like that.  What is going on with you?  How could you treat me like this?  I’m your mother.”

“No you’re not.  You’re not my mother, Emma”, he said her name to punctuate his point.  “This is bullshit.  I’m leaving.”

“No you’re not”, she stated firmly.  “You’re not going anywhere.  Sit down on that bed right now.  We’re going to have a serious talk.”

For some reason, he consented and said, “Fine” in a huff and plopped down on the bed and stared out the window.  

“Bob, we have you on tape sneaking out of the house, stealing a car, drunk, and high.  There is nothing for you to deny.  It’s all on tape… What do you have to say for yourself?”

Bob said nothing as he clenched his fists.

“Well?”, Emma persisted.

“What do you want me to say??  Okay, I snuck out.  What’s the big deal?  I do it every night after you guys go to sleep.  

“You sneak out every night?”, Emma said in complete disbelief.  

“Yeah”, Bob said with a mocking smile.  “I’m not sticking around here in your house.  You won’t let me live with dad, so I’m going to do what I want to do.  You can’t stop me.  Dad said I don’t have to listen to you and he said he won’t let you punish me.”

“Why would he say that?” Emma asked, hoping to get Bob to admit his dad didn’t care about him as long as he was causing us pain.  

“Because you cheated on dad and you destroyed our family.  And I hate you.  You deserve everything that happens to you.  It’s all your fault”, Bob said with all the hatred he could summon.  

“Bob, you know that’s not true.  Why would you ever believe those things?”

“Because it’s true.  Dad told me and I believe him.”

“Well, there’s no way I can convince you of the truth, so I’m not going to bother anymore.  You believe a lie and I can’t change that.  But, that’s still no excuse for your behavior.”

“Phhh”, Bob said to communicate his “whatever” response.  

“Bob, we can not go on like this.  We’re going to have to do something to save you.  You obviously don’t care about throwing away your life, so we have to do something to save you from yourself.”

“I don’t care what you say.  You can’t stop me.”

“Yes, we absolutely can, and we will”, Emma said with increasing determination and frustration.  “As soon as we can work through the details, we are sending you away to school.”

Trying to obscure his fear, Bob replied, “You’re not sending me anywhere.  Dad won’t let you.  He already told me he would fight you in court if you ever threatened to send me anywhere.  He said that he would take you to court and get the judge to let me live with him.”

“That will never happen.  No judge would ever take custody away from me and no judge would ever prevent me from trying to get you off of drugs and stop breaking the law.  You are going and there is nothing you can do about it.”

Bob got up and walked towards the door and said, “I don’t care what you think you’ll do.  I’ll run away before I let you send me away… I hate you so much.  I would kill you if I could.”

Bob stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind him, screaming curses and epithets as he retreated to his room upstairs.  

“That went well”, I said only slightly stunned.  

“He is so out of control”, Emma said in her own world.  “We have got to get him to that school right away.  I’m afraid he’s going to get himself killed if he stays here another night.”  

The next day, we called our lawyer to make sure we even had the legal authority to send Bob away to school.  We had full legal custody of Bob, but exactly what “full legal custody” meant was debatable.  Being very cautious, and knowing Ted was a nut case, our lawyer suggested we go through the proper legal channels to secure formal approval to do the right thing for Bob.  So, we paid for a mediation session between the three of us and our lawyers (none of us in the same room, of course).  Ted’s first response through his lawyer was that he was not going to let us send Bob away to school.  So, we prepared for battle.  

After a couple hours of negotiation, Ted’s lawyer and the mediator were able to convince him that he would be an idiot to try to prevent us from sending Bob away.   Even his lawyer and the mediator realized how dangerous Bob’s behavior was and that something drastic needed to be done.  It takes Ted a very long time to understand the simplest concepts, and when you throw in his irrational anger, it was very difficult to get him to accept the facts without prejudice.  It took a lot of cajoling and empty threats of losing all his parental rights by trying to thwart a mother from saving her child’s life for no reason other than spite, to persuade him into agreeing.  It killed Ted that he could do nothing to save Bob from being sent away.  To Ted, this meant Emma and I “won”.  But, he would be able to go back to Bob and tell him he fought his best and in the end, his mother bullied him into agreeing.  Again, Ted was the helpless victim trying to protect his kids and we were the ruthless hate mongers trying to ruin everyone’s life for our own amusement.  

Now we had the appropriate authority and authorization to send Bob to Darrington, but we still didn’t know how we would ever get him there.  We were able to get Ted to agree he would not tell Bob that he was being sent away, and most of all, when he was being sent away.  Bob would not be a willing passenger to this school, and we believed the only chance we had to get him there was to catch him by surprise.  

The next day, Bob came home from his visitation with Ted, screaming at us about how he was never going away to school and threatened to run away before we could get the chance to do so.  Ted couldn’t hold his tongue for even one day before telling Bob everything that was said and done during mediation.  He had no concern for Bob’s well-being.  His only concern was for Bob to know that he had fought for him and that his mom was the evil tyrant that forced him into compliance.  In Bob’s mind, Ted was the hero who valiantly tried to slay the dragon and allow him to live his destructive life.  Emma was the raging bitch who was determined to ruin his life and take him away from his dad.  

“How are we going to get Bob to Darrington?”, Emma asked me almost helplessly.

“I have no idea, but I’m damn sure he’s not going to willingly get in our car”, I replied.  “I don’t think we can do it ourselves.  Although, the Darrington website did mention a pick-up service, but it costs $2000.  It’s a service they farm out to some company where one or two people trained to do this kind of thing come out to our house in the middle of the night, handcuff him if he gets violent, then transport him to the school.  I know it sounds crazy, but it may be the only way to get him there.”

“I don’t want anyone coming to our house in the middle of the night, putting Bob in handcuffs, then dragging him away.  That would be way too traumatic.  There’s got to be a better way.”

“If there is a better way, I am not aware of it.  This is probably our best choice, or maybe just our only choice.  I think we can have them come anytime we want.  They just recommend doing it in the middle of the night, so you have a better chance at catching them off guard.  And, they wouldn’t put him in handcuffs unless he gets crazy.  I don’t think Bob would go crazy on a stranger.  I think it’s our only chance at guaranteeing we can get him to that school in one piece.  I think we need to do it.  What do you think?”

“Let’s give them a call and find out more about the process.  I’m going to need more information before I can get comfortable with this.  I don’t disagree that we need to do something like this, but I’m not sure if I’m comfortable putting Bob through this.  And, I really don’t want to give him another reason to hate me.”

“Okay, let’s give them a call and we can figure out it this is our best option.”

We called the transport service, talked through our issues, and agreed they would pick him up at our house at 7am, three days later.  

The night before Bob was to be taken away from school, went to see the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie.  It was the best and worst night we had with Bob in over a year.  Bob had no idea he was being taken to school the next morning, because we hadn’t told Ted when we were sending him away in any terms more specific than “some time in the next several weeks”.  I have no idea why or how, but Bob was his old self the entire evening.  He was kind, sweet, and polite.  He showed no signs of the behavior or attitude that precipitated our decision to send him away.  His inexplicable atavism only served to confound and manipulate us into thinking that he did not deserve to be sent away.  Maybe he wasn’t as far gone as we had thought.  Maybe he was on his way towards correcting his behavior.  Maybe he had decided to clean up his act.  

The whole evening, Emma and I traded pregnant glances and surreptitious comments about our decision.  We painfully questioned our judgment until the very end and tortured ourselves with doubt over what we were about to do.  We were completely distraught about the fact we were about to send Bob away to a school for troubled teens for the next twelve to twenty-four months.  We beat ourselves about the head with the guilt and remorse of going to this extreme.  We pitied ourselves for having a child that was so out of control.  We kicked ourselves for not doing a lot more, a lot sooner.  Emma tortured herself for not waiting until the kids were out of high school before she left the violently abusive relationship that turned into an environment that would fill Bob’s heart with so much anger.  

But, above it all, we felt sorry for Bob.  Yes, he was responsible for his actions, but how could we not absolve him of some culpability given the hellatious torture he had endured for the past 12 months?  How could we not completely understand how and why he had gotten to that point?  How could we not at least partially blame ourselves for not finding a solution to his problems before he lost control?  How could we not hate Ted for what he had done to his own son?  How could we not feel Bob’s pain of living without his family for the next one to two years?  How could we not feel Bob’s helplessness?  How could we not feel Bob’s desperation?  How could we not feel Bob’s rejection?  How could we not feel the hopelessness of Bob’s shattered life?  How could we not wonder how it all came to this?

All we had to do was review the last six months in our heads and we had all the confirmation we needed.  We came up with well over a hundred pieces of evidence that Bob was out of control and destined for a miserable, addicted life in a rat-infested basement apartment.  Even his pleasant demeanor that night in some way served as further proof of his erratic and unpredictable behavior that needed to be addressed in a safe environment.  Bob needed help and we were completely helpless to do anything about it, other than what we were doing.  

The unwashed, unmarked white van pulled up to our house at 6:50am the next morning.  Emma and I hadn’t slept at all, so we were still up from the night before.  I didn’t want the transporters to ring the doorbell and wake up Bob, so I kept a vigilant watch over the driveway to spot them as soon as they pulled in.  Fifteen minutes earlier, Emma checked on Bob to make sure he hadn’t snuck out and stayed out.  He was asleep in his bed with the innocence of his youth spread across his tortured, oblivious face.  

I opened the front door to a man and a woman dressed in simple, drab gray uniforms gathering the items they may or may not need to chaperone Bob into the van.  They were collected, they had their game faces on, and they were ready to complete their mission when they noticed me in the doorway.  

“Mr. Fisher?”, the woman asked me as she felt around her body for the equipment she might need in the next few minutes.  

“Yes.  Are you ready?”

“We’re ready”, the woman responded very seriously.  

“How are you going to do this?”, Emma asked, beginning her break-down.  

The man stepped forward in his standard-issue black shoes and explained the plan to us.

“It’s all very simple, in theory”, he began.  “We’ll go into his room, wake him up, tell him we are going to take him to a school in which you have enrolled him, allow him to pack one small bag with some clothes and toiletries, then we will escort him down to the van.  If he doesn’t resist, everything will be fine.  If he resists, we will secure him as quickly and safely as possible, put handcuffs on him, and walk him to the van.  If necessary, we’ll carry him into the van.”

Emma began to cry with all the pain she was feeling at the moment, released after months of momentum.  “You are going to put him in handcuffs??”

“Yes ma’am.  If we have to,” the woman said with the sincere sympathy only another mother could feel.  “I hope it won’t come to that, but we have to do whatever necessary to safely transport him to the school.  If he remains calm, we won’t have to use the handcuffs.”

“Oh my God.  I can’t believe this is happening”, Emma weeped into my flannel shirt.  

“It’s going to be okay”, I tried to comfort her.  “I’m sure he won’t resist.  Everything will be fine.”

“Just don’t hurt my baby”, Emma pleaded to the woman.  “He’s a good kid.  Just don’t hurt him.”

The woman nodded her agreement and continued, “Is he upstairs?”

“Yes.  He’s in the first room right up there”, I pointed to his room.  

“Ready?”, the woman asked her partner as he nodded “yes”.  

“Okay, let’s go”, the woman said in all seriousness.  

We followed the transporters up the stairs and stood in the doorway of Bob’s final moments as an innocent child.

Gently touching his shoulder, the woman began the process.  “Bob...  Bob.  Wake up.”

Bob shook out of a cold sleep and looked upon this stranger with confusion, fear, and a vague acknowledgement of what was going on.  

“You need to get dressed and pack a bag.  We are taking you to a school where you can get some help”, the woman stated quietly.  

“What?  What do you mean?” Bob asked blearily, searching for a grasp on the situation.  

“We are taking you to a school where you can get some help.  You need to get up right now, get dressed, and pack one bag with some clothes and your toothbrush”, the woman repeated.  

Bob got out of bed, silently, walking about the room with his head to the floor, knowing and not knowing what was happening.  He packed his bag, slipped on his shoes, and moved towards the door with the look of a condemned man on his last walk towards the gas chamber.  As he crossed the threshold of his room, he saw Emma standing there crying.

“How could you do this to me?” he wept in disbelief.  “Don’t send me away.  I promise I’ll change.  Just don’t send me away.”

The woman interrupted before Emma could respond.  “Now, Bob, I am going to put my fingers in your belt loop to make sure you don’t try to run away.  Go ahead and start walking down the stairs.  The van is waiting for you outside.”

“I’m sorry Bob.  I had no choice,” Emma cried.  “I love you so much baby.”

Bob cried into his shirt and walked out of the house calmly, yet seething from the betrayal he felt.  

“I love you Bob sweetie”, Emma repeated and waited for an “I love you back”.  

Bob said nothing.

As he reached the door, Emma cried her desperate plea for forgiveness by asking, “Bob, don’t you love me?”

Bob shook his head “no”, turned towards the van and stepped inside his ride to redemption.  

As the van pulled away, Emma fell apart into my arms as I tried to hold it together for the both of us.

“I’m so glad Pete didn’t have to see that”, Emma said in a moment of clarity through the tears.  “That was awful.  Thank God he’s still asleep.”

“I know, right”, I added mindlessly.  

Emma spent the next several weeks crying as if Bob had died.  Although, in a way, he had died.  The Bob Emma had known for the previous twelve years was dead.  He was no longer the innocent kid with the untainted heart she had raised.  He was no longer the endlessly happy kid that loved everyone and would never do anything to hurt anyone.  Bob would either come back the same angry, rebellious kid that left us that morning, or he would come back a modified version of his previous self.  However he came back, he would never be the same.  


Chapter Fourteen

  
“Why did you send Bob away?”, Pete questioned Emma with a distant hatred in his eyes.  “He didn’t do anything wrong.  You are so mean.”

“Pete, honey, I understand you are upset.  But, you know as well as anyone why we had to send Bob away.  He was making very bad choices and he was completely out of control.  It was just a matter of time before he died or ended up in jail.  You wouldn’t want that to happen, would you?  We had no choice.  Your dad and I agreed that this was our best chance at saving Bob’s life.”

“Dad didn’t want to send him away”, Pete responded venomously.  “He said he would never agree to let you sent him away.  You are lying to me.”

“Pete, I sat in mediation with your dad and he agreed that we needed to send Bob away to school.  I’m not sure what he told you, but that is what happened, and your dad agreed to it.”  

Pete tried to process the possibility that Emma was telling the truth versus the possibility his dad had lied to him again.  You see, Pete had caught Ted in several lies before, but never held it against him or passed judgment on him.  If he ever got caught lying, Ted always had some flimsy explanation for why he lied or why Pete misunderstood him.  But, Pete knew that Ted had lied to him before.  He would never admit it, but he knew that Ted lied to him often and about all things big and small.  He lied to Pete about going to fake tanning.  He lied about how much money he had.  He lied about what he did when the kids weren’t with him.  He lied about drinking.  He lied about abusing Emma.  He lied about why they divorced.  He lied about everything that would disabuse the kids of the fantasy he had built up in his mind about himself, his life, and what kind of person he was.  

“I don’t believe you.  You are always lying to me.

“Pete.  What have I ever lied to you about?”

Pete sat there for a moment, trying to come up with something.  When he could think of nothing, he fell back to the old standard, “You lied about cheating on dad.”

“Pete.  For the last time, I did not cheat on your dad.  And, I’m tired of defending myself against something I didn’t do.”

Pete said nothing in return.

“Okay then.  Other than you believing your dad’s story about me cheating on him, what have I ever lied about?”

Again, Pete said nothing.

“Pete, I don’t lie.  I have never lied to you.  You know I have always told you the truth.  And, I’m not lying about this.  Your dad and I agreed that sending Bob away was the best thing for him.  We had no choice.  It’s only because we love Bob so much that we would go to this extreme to save his life.  If we sat back and did nothing, that would mean we didn’t care enough about Bob to save his life, against his will.  That’s what good parents do.”

Emma looked at me with dejected exasperation and rolled her eyes at the chronic bullshit she gets for trying to be a good parent.  Everything she tried to do to counteract Ted’s poison, Ted turned it into something dirty.  

Shifting gears, Pete asked, “How long will Bob be gone?”

“I don’t know sweetie.  That’s up to Bob.  If he does well and changes his attitude and behavior, he could be home in a year.  If he resists changing, he may be there for longer.  So, it’s hard to say how long he’ll be gone.”

Pete sunk his head even lower and said nothing as he turned to walk upstairs.  His arguments and accusations were exhausted and he just wanted to get away from us.  He didn’t know what to think at that point.  All he knew was that Emma was the enemy and he wanted to have nothing to do with her.  To prove that point, he muttered under his breath as he climbed the stairs, “You are so mean”.  

Emma turned to me with tears in her eyes and said, “I’ve lost them.  I’ve lost all three of them.  They all hate me.”

“They don’t hate you.  They are just going through a tough time and they need to blame someone.  And, you are the easiest scapegoat.  They certainly can’t blame or hate Ted, so they blame the one parent they know will always love them no matter what they do.  Ted has succeeded in poisoning their hearts and there is nothing we can do about it.  We can’t employ the same tactics.  First of all, that would be child abuse.  And second, we could never win that battle.  Ted is much better at it and he is willing to sacrifice his own kids to punish you at all costs.  So, unless you are willing to sacrifice any chance the kids have at happiness, there is nothing we can do other than what we are doing right now.  All we can do is the best we can do and hope for the best.  Besides, they are still young.  They’ll grow up some day and realize the truth about all this.  I would almost bet that they will end up confronting Ted about what he has done and said to them.  Of course, he does have the luck of the devil, so he’ll probably never have to suffer for his actions.  God, I just wish the kids would realize what Ted has done to them and stop acting so hateful towards us.”

“I know, me too.  I still can’t believe what he does to those kids and how he treats them.  How could he sacrifice his own kids just to punish me?  How can he look himself in the mirror?”

“I have no clue.  Probably because he has no soul.  He’s already sold it to the devil.  How else do you explain the fact that he is not in jail or dead right now?”

Not more than one hour after Pete came home from his visitation with Ted later that day, Chris called.  Emma answered her phone, knowing exactly what Chris was about to say to her.

I couldn’t hear what Chris said, but Emma told me right afterwards that this is how the conversation went.  

“Hi sweetie.  What’cha up to?”, she asked tepidly, waiting for the shit storm.  

“Why did you send Bob away??”, Chris yelled into the phone.  “I can’t believe you would send him away like that.  What kind of a mother are you?  How could you do that to your own son?  You are such a bitch.”

“Chris, calm down.  Don’t yell at me and don’t curse at me”, Emma said soothingly.  “You know exactly why I had to send Bob away.  I am trying to save his life and this was my last option.  He was completely out of control and he would have been dead or addicted by the end of the year.  You know that.”

Switching towards an almost obsequious tone, Chris said, “I know mom, but you didn’t have to send him away.  He wouldn’t be dead.  You’re over-reacting.”

“Chris, you saw what he was doing and you know how destructive his behavior was.  I tried absolutely everything, but he rebelled against everything I tried to do.  I couldn’t control him and what he did.  He had decided that he was going to do whatever he wanted, and didn’t care how I felt.”

Ramping it back up, Chris said, “It’s your fault he was doing those things.  He was just mad at you for cheating on dad.  And, now you send him away.  That’s not right.”

“That is such a terrible excuse, Chris.  He is responsible for his actions and if he is going to act like that, I have to do something about it.  I can’t just ignore it and hope for the best.  Only a horrible parent who doesn’t care about their child would ignore dangerous behavior like this and do nothing.  Parents make the hard decisions and do things their kids don’t like because they know it’s the right thing to do.  And, I’m sick of you kids blaming me for everything that goes wrong in the world.  Whatever bad happens, you find a way to blame me.  I’m sick of it.  And, I’m sick of you guys telling me I cheated on your dad.  I know all of the lies your dad has told you about me, in an effort to get you to hate me, but I can’t believe you think he’s telling the truth.  And I can’t believe you are treating me like this.  I have always been there for you and I have always been honest with you.  I have never lied to you and I can’t believe you think I would lie about this.  And, why do you think your dad is telling you that I cheated on him?  What could be his motive?”

“Because it’s true”, he said unenthusiastically.  

“No, Chris.  He’s telling you these lies so you won’t blame him for the divorce and for terrorizing me for twenty years.  He wants you to believe that he is the innocent victim and that he didn’t cause the divorce.  He wants you to believe I am the horrible monster that tore apart the family so he doesn’t have to face the reality of what he did and who he is.  We divorced because your dad is a violent alcoholic and he abused me for twenty years.  Jack had nothing to do with it.  I was there and nothing happened between us until after your dad and I split up.  That’s the truth, and quite frankly, I don’t care anymore if you believe me.  I’m tired of taking the blame for everything and I’m tired of defending myself against something I didn’t do.  You guys use this lie about me to blame me for everything and I’m sick of it.  One day you will realize the truth and you will regret the way you have treated me.  Until then, why can’t you just give me the benefit of the doubt?  If you truly believe I cheated on your dad, then just forgive me and move on.  You have made a lot of mistakes in your life and I have forgiven you for all of them.  I don’t punish you for the things you have done to me over the years, so why do you think it’s okay to punish me for something you think I did wrong?  You’re doing it because that’s what your dad wants you to do, because he needs to believe I caused the divorce.  Chris, if you search your heart, you will know I’m telling you the truth.”

Chris said nothing for a few moments as he processed the things Emma had said.  

“But, how could you send Bob away right before dad’s birthday?  Dad is crying like crazy and completely falling apart because you sent him away right before his birthday.  He thinks you did it on purpose.”  

“Honey, your dad’s birthday had nothing to do with it.  This was the soonest we could make arrangements for someone to take Bob down to the school.  Chris, we’re all upset about this, but your dad agreed to send Bob away.  And, I couldn’t tell you or your dad when he was leaving because he would have told Bob and Bob would have run away.  I didn’t do anything to purposely hurt anyone.  I didn’t even realize it was your dad’s birthday.”

More silence on the line.  

 “I guess”, Chris said absently.  “I just wish you didn’t have to send him away.”

“I know.  Me too.  It was the hardest thing I’ve ever done and we’ll be second-guessing ourselves for a long time.  I just hope this make a difference and Bob can turn his life around.”  

“Well, I gotta go.  I love you mom.”

“I love you too sweetie,” Emma said with a tear in her voice as she hung up the phone.  

“So, I guess Ted went crying to Chris and Chris was calling you to tell you how pissed off he was”, I said as Emma was hanging up the phone.

“You got it.  Ted told him a bunch of bullshit and tried to make me look like the bad guy again.  I knew Chris would call, but I didn’t think he’d call that quickly.”

“Yeah, he didn’t waste any time.  Sounds like you ended up having a decent conversation, though.”

“I think it went okay.  He yelled at me at first, then he calmed down.  Ted gets him so riled up and he has to let it out on someone.  And, that someone is usually me.  I think Chris understands what is going on and I don’t think he really blames me.  He’s like Ted sometimes and he just needs to blame someone when things go wrong.”

“Why does Ted always need to blame someone?  I don’t get that.  Why can’t things just be what they are?”

“Because he just can’t handle it when things go wrong.  He immediately falls apart and the only way he can justify his anger is to find someone to blame and become the focus of his anger.  He needs a place to direct his anger or he looks like an idiot standing there falling apart over everything.  Nothing is ever his fault because then he’d have to blame himself and he wouldn’t know what to do with that.  He has this perfect little world of delusions, lies, and blame that he lives in so he can wake up every morning.  It’s so pathetic.”

“Yes, it certainly is pathetic.  I don’t know how he lives like that, knowing in the back of his mind what kind of person he really is.  He must realize it on some level.  It’s actually pretty impressive that he can live a completely duplicitous life and never have the two worlds collide.  I guess when he wakes up dead one day, you’ll know the two worlds finally collided.”  

The first three months after Bob went to Darrington were horrible.  Pete was incredibly despondent and only spoke to us when he had to.  He spent most of his time up in his room avoiding us and blaming us for everything that was wrong in his life.  Although he was verbalizing all the blame towards us, when I looked in his eyes, he didn’t seem to believe it himself.  I think he knew that we weren’t to blame for everything, but there was no way he could even think about assigning any blame to his dad.  But, like his dad, he needed to blame someone.  

I have no idea what happened during Pete’s visits with his dad, but Pete came home from every visit with a look on his face like he had been viciously verbally assaulted and emotionally terrorized.  I had never seen anyone look that beat down before.  Some of that may have been about Bob, but the wounds seemed to be too fresh to be attached to Bob.  From what I had seen of Pete until then, nothing bothered him near to the extent that his dad could distress him.  When someone other than Ted did something bad to him, he shut down on them and went about his business.  When his dad did something bad to him, his spirit was completely broken.  

We worried a lot about Pete, his state of mind, the long-term effects of the distress, and the short-term effects of the chaos.  More than that, we had two, maybe three, kids in crisis and there was nothing we could do about it.  We were the enemy and none of the kids would open up to us enough to deal with their feelings.  

Emma and I spent most of our time together vacillating between being distraught about Bob, then Pete.  Chris seemed to have his head on at least slightly straight, so all we had to worry about with him was whether or not he hated Emma on some level.  For all we knew, he was stewing and suffering over noxious feelings towards Emma and me.  He acted fine, but Emma still worried about what he wasn’t expressing to her.  Ted told us from the beginning that he wouldn’t rest until all the kids hated her, and we had no reason to believe the assault was complete.  We just couldn’t predict where Chris’s heart was and if he was strong enough to withstand Ted’s poison.  

With Pete, there wasn’t much more we could do than nothing.  We could never reason our way into Pete’s heart and we could never broach the subject of what was going on with his dad.  By the time we took him to a child psychologist, Pete was hyper-sensitive to anything and everything he said getting back to his dad.  He disbelieved anyone would keep his secrets and true feelings about his dad, me, and Emma.  He felt trapped and you could see it on his face.  All we could do was let an 11 year-old kid manage his own way through the minefields of his heart.  Pete is a strong and smart kid, but it was unreasonable to expect him to be able to make it through this without massive battle scars.  

At Darrington, we were not allowed to talk to Bob until he reached Level 3 in the program, which wasn’t for six months.  The only communication we had with Bob was through the letters we sent to each other and the weekly conversations we had with the parent representative from the school.  The information we were getting from both sources was positive and encouraging, which did a lot to keep our nerves from shooting through our brains.  Surprisingly, Bob did not appear to be hateful or resentful in his letters.  He seemingly accepted the consequences of his actions and did not write us hate letters for sending him away.  That fact was bizarre.  Not once did Bob write a letter, blaming us or lashing out at us for the situation he was in.  Maybe that was another form of manipulation.  Maybe he immediately realized the impact of his actions and felt he deserved to serve penance.  Or, maybe he knew we were in control of the decision to bring him back and he didn’t want to risk pissing us off.  Or, maybe he realized how much he loved his mom and felt remorse for what he had done to her.  

Whatever the truth, we would never know.  

Every day was torture and Emma cried herself to sleep every night and every day when she knew no one was looking.  She hid it well, but if you looked closely enough, you could actually see her heart torn in two.  Emma was suffering for Bob, all alone, 400 miles away from home and his family.  She was suffering for Pete and Chris, in the midst of their own personal angst.  She was suffering for herself, accepting all the blame for everything going on.  Her pain and guilt almost crushed her during those first six months.  I wasn’t sure if she was going to make it out alive or without a complete and massive break-down.  She was on the precipice of a deep depression, keeping it together only for the sake of her family.  She was used to being the rock when things went bad.  She had no experience feeling impotent and weak.  She had no idea what falling apart really looked like, but she was getting a pretty good idea of what it felt like.  

My job was to be the new rock for our family.  I needed to be the person everyone looked to for strength and reassurance, if only by example.  At least that’s what I believed.  No one ever actually asked me for help, but I like to believe they found comfort in my strength.  Inside, it was killing me to see Emma and the kids suffering as much as they did.  I wasn’t the kids’ real dad, so it was impossible for me to feel the depth of anguish Emma felt.  But, I loved Emma and the kids with all my heart, so it hurt me deeply to see them in so much pain.  There was nothing I could do to “fix it”, which burned me up every day.  There was nothing I could do to change what had happened and there was nothing I could do to change what was going to happen.  I had to resign myself to accepting the situation and all the ramifications.  This was new to me.  I knew what to do when my life fell apart, but I had no idea what to do when the lives of the people I loved fell apart.  I couldn’t make them happy and I couldn’t make them forget about the pain they were feeling.  All I could do was be their rock.  


Chapter Fifteen

For all the sadness we were experiencing at that time, at least we had peace in the house and peace of mind.  It wasn’t much, but it was something.  We didn’t have to worry about where Bob was, who he was with, what he was doing, and if he was still alive.  The daily battles and explosions were gone and we knew exactly what to expect when we got home every day.  The peace we felt in the house eventually transmogrified into a peace we felt in our hearts.  The daily stress and anger that consumed our house was slowly being regurgitated back out into the universe and left us with a calmness we had lost many months earlier.  We wanted Bob back home more than anything in the world and we missed him more every day.  But, as our struggles with Bob became more distant, our hearts sighed with relief.  The “fight or flight” mood in the house disappeared and allowed us to gain a much more rational grasp on what had happened and what we had to do, going forward.  

“Peace breeds peace”, as they (kind of) say.  This played a huge role in Pete’s reversion back into being a very happy, almost innocent kid.  Beyond Bob being in a safe, controlled environment, a few other things contributed to this increasing sense of peace.  Probably more than anything else, we were finally able to get the custody arrangement changed.  We finally got our lawyer to agree that we had enough proof to convince anyone with half a brain that the visitation schedule was not working.  No matter what we did, Ted was determined to break the law and break the agreement just about every day.  

We had to change the drop-off point for the kids from the local Food Lion parking lot to the local police station because Ted was endangering the lives of the kids when he went into fits of rage with the kids in the car.  

We had to wait in the police station parking lot anywhere from 15 to 45 minutes every day for Ted to show up late with the kids.  

Ted was no longer allowed to call us because the judge finally agreed that all he ever did during these calls was harass Emma with threats and insults.  So, neither one of them could call the other to make adjustments to the drop-off times when an unforeseen situation required us to do so.  

The kids had continually come back from their visitation time filled with hatred towards us, so the judge ruled he was maliciously interfering with a healthy relationship between us and the kids, and didn’t deserve the time he had with them.  

Ted’s behavior was so preposterous that the judge who presided over our case actually called him an asshole, in court.  She said that if being an asshole was a crime, he’d be doing life.  She also said that if she had complete latitude to do whatever she wanted, she would prevent him from ever seeing the kids again.  So, she did the most she could, following the letter of the law, and reduced his visitation time with the kids by two-thirds.  

This was huge for all of us.  This meant that the daily beatings were done.  This meant that Pete did not have to spend every day worried about what he said and what he did in front of Ted.  He no longer had to hide the fact that he didn’t really hate me, that Emma and I helped him with his homework, the things Emma and I bought for him, his new hobbies of which Ted vehemently opposed, and his interests outside of organized sports.  Except for eight days a month, Pete was able to feel the warm safety of knowing he didn’t have to pretend or edit his thoughts.   Of course, for eight days a month, he still had to do it, but that was much better than the twenty-four days a month he had to do it before.  

Pete still carries “the fear” with him wherever he goes, paranoid that his dad will find out the truth in his heart.  But now, he doesn’t try to hide it from us.  He fully acknowledges that he is scared to death of Ted and what his dad will do to him if his cover is blown.  Pete still comes back from visits with Ted looking beat-down, but it’s much more infrequent, he recovers much quicker than he used to, and he no longer blames us for everything that goes wrong.  As soon as Ted disappears from sight after dropping off Pete, his eyes light up and he flows right back into his happy little self.  It’s a marvel to watch.  

Another reason for Pete’s happiness is his new set of friends.  Until Pete started the sixth grade in public school, his dad was his best friend, his dad was a nut case, his dad spoiled him rotten, his dad made him feel guilty about any time he spent away from him, he had virtually no friends his own age, he rarely slept over any friends’ houses, and he had very little social interaction with anyone outside of school.  

All that changed when he hit public school.

Pete became friends with a great group of kids and was able to spend a lot of time with them.  Through these friendships, he learned social skills, he saw how “normal” divorced parents treat each other, he saw how “normal” fathers act, he saw how “normal” kids spent their free time, he saw how “normal” kids treat each other, he learned the value of friendship with peers, and he experienced the joy of emotional connections with people his own age.  

In the span of one year, Pete was exponentially happier, bigger, better, smarter, faster… he was the Bionic Man!  

Seriously, he was so much happier in every way, it made Emma and me so much happier as well.  His boundless energy and happiness was infectious and it warms my heart to think of him right now.  Comparing him to himself a year earlier, he was a completely different person.  

I also think the structure and consistency we’ve been able to achieve has gone a long way towards his happiness.  With Ted, Pete never knew what to expect each day.  What was perfectly acceptable one day was a horrific crime against humanity the next.  Plus, Pete was allowed to do anything he wanted, without discretion.  Ted never had the balls to say “no” to anything or anyone and he didn’t want to do anything to risk his kids not thinking he was a great guy.  He wanted to be their best friend and he would not let the responsibilities of parenting get in the way of that.  

Kids need structure and consistency.  They want it, whether they admit it or not.  I know that’s quite possibly the most flagrant “no duh” statement I’ve ever made, but to people like Ted, it’s revolutionary, maybe even heresy.  Emma and I went to great lengths to make sure we followed through with our promises and punishments, so Pete knew exactly what to expect with everything he did.  Good decisions and respectful behavior would result in praise and increased privileges.  Bad decisions and disrespectful behavior would result in carefully worded reprimands and pre-determined punishments.  If he wanted to continue spending time with his friends and enjoying the freedom of not being grounded, he had to make good decisions.  It took a while for him to understand and appreciate this concept, but he eventually learned to love it.  He could predict our reactions and rely on a consistent message for everything he did.  He quickly learned that he would not be able to rule the world in our house.  The world no longer revolved around him.  He was one part of a family, not the center of the universe.  It was powerful catharsis for him to be a kid again, not responsible for his parents happiness or existence.  When he was with us, he could relax and enjoy his childhood.  All he had to do was behave, do well in school, and have fun.  And that’s exactly what he did.  

At that time, he didn’t even try to hide the fact that he cared about me.  We played together almost every day, if only for a few minutes, and he loved to be around me.  He frequently made a point to be near me and be connected to me by casually touching me with his leg or hand.  My heart heard him sending messages to me through these casual touches and tangible connections.  I looked in his eyes then, and I saw some semblance of love and affection again.  I didn’t know how deep it went, but it was there.  I didn’t feel the same barriers around his heart.  Every once in a while, he caught himself and made a blithe statement about not liking me, but his smile assured me it was only for show.  

I still fully believed that it could disappear in a moment, though, and I still felt the pressure to be perfect.  But, I think he has found a way in his brain to rationalize his feelings for me.  His allegiance will always be with his dad, but he no longer felt like a traitor for caring about me.  However, If Ted ever found out he cared about me, everything would change and Pete would be required to move the earth to prove his commitment and exclusive love for his dad.  That would be a temporary disaster in our relationship and his heart would be torn to shreds for it.  

I think he gets something from me that he could never get with his dad.  He still loves his dad a lot more than he does me, and he always will, but we have a type of connection he could never have with his real dad.  My love for him is completely unconditional and I accept him for exactly who he is.  I never berate him for making mistakes.  I never force him to pledge his allegiance.  I take the time to illustrate what I expect of him and explain the importance of acting a certain way.  He knows I value education and treating everyone with respect because I talk about it all the time.  I tell him he has special gifts and he has to work hard to take full advantage of them.  I tell him how and why he has to grow up to be a strong, independent man who takes care of his family.  Every day, I paint a little more of the picture of what a man should do and how he should act.  I explain to him why violence is never an answer to any of his problems.  I help him learn to deal with adversity without becoming angry.  I teach him he has to be accountable for everything he does, even if it is an accident.  I encourage him to be his own man and decide who he wants to be.  I guide him towards being emotionally strong while being emotionally available to the people he loves.  I try to explain to him how only he can make himself happy and that he is responsible for his feelings.  I do everything I can to impart my wisdom to him and help him be the happiest person in the world, on his own terms.  

I think Pete clearly recognizes all the ways Ted and I are completely different.  And, I think he sees how much I care about him.  I just hope I can be the antidote to Ted’s poison and Pete is never again tempted by the Dark Side.   

Another ancillary benefit to Pete’s metamorphosis is that he temporarily gave up the charade of hating Emma.  Although, he still couldn’t admit out loud that he loves her.  His dwindling commitment to his ostensible allegiance still favored Ted, but I think that was mostly for show by that point.  He didn’t feel it or express it with the vigor or conviction he used to.  Plus, I don’t think he wanted to give Emma the satisfaction of “winning”.   He can be a brat like that.

“I can’t believe how different things are from just a year ago”, I marveled to Emma laying in bed one night, emerging from the thoughts in my head.  “I’ve never seen Pete happier and Bob seems to be doing pretty well.  He still has a ways to go, but I’m seeing a light at the end of that tunnel.  I’m still very worried about what it’s going to be like when Bob graduates the program and comes home.  But, I think he has learned a lot in the past year and I think he is petrified of ending up back at Darrington or some place worse.  Hopefully, between those two things, we’ll have a chance at Bob getting his life together.”

“I know, Pete is doing great.  He seems like a completely different person from a year ago.  He still can’t tell me he loves me though, and that really hurts.  But, at least I don’t see the hatred in his eyes anymore.  I wonder if he’ll ever allow himself to love me again.  I just don’t know if the damage Ted has done to him is permanent.  He used to love me so much.  I can very clearly remember picking him up at school and he would run to me with his arms wide open, yelling ‘mommy, mommy’, and hug me to death when he got in the car.  I miss that so much.”

“I know.  That’s gotta be tough.  I think he’ll get there, though.  It may take a while, but as he gets older and more mature, I think he will come around.  He still needs to lose the rest of his anger and guilt.  There are still some remnants of that floating around his heart.”

“I hope you’re right...”, Emma faded her thoughts into memories of Pete as a child before the divorce.  “This is such a precious time in his life and I hate that I’ve lost these years with him.  He’ll be all grown up soon and on his own before we know it.  I won’t have any memories with him at this age when he loved me like he used to.  I’ll always think about how he rejected me and treated me so badly.  I know I can’t blame him, but it still hurts.  And, I hate that he had to go through so much pain at such an early age.  I don’t think I’ll ever forgive myself for that.”

“But, it’s not your fault.  You didn’t do anything to cause this nightmare.  There’s nothing for you to forgive.  You are way too hard on yourself.”

“I know, but that’s what mothers do.  We feel every ounce of pain our children go through and we try to protect them from being hurt by anything.  It’s definitely irrational, but so is parenting.”

She paused for a moment and continued down a different train of thought.  

“I hope Bob will be okay when he graduates.  I’m so worried he will go back to doing the same old things and put us back in that same situation we were in before he left.  I know he seems to be changing his attitude, but I’m not convinced he has really committed to really changing his life.  I think he was having a lot of fun with his friends and I’m worried he’ll be drawn back into that lifestyle as soon as he gets back.”

“Yeah, it’ll be tough.  I’m not sure if he actually understands and agrees that he was living a completely destructive life before.  It’s been really helpful to get him out of the toxic situation he was in, but a lot of the same issues will be waiting for him when he gets back.  He’s going to have to learn a different way to process the bullshit being thrown at him and he’s going to have to find a different way to live his life.  That’s not easy for an adult, let alone a 15 year-old kid.  And, we only have another three years to get him back on track.  I think if we can keep him away from his old drug buddies, we’ll have a chance.  I’m just not sure how strong the pull will be towards his old life.  If Ted lets him hang out with those old friends, we’re screwed.  And, I don’t have any faith that Ted will have the strength to tell Bob “no” when he asks to hang out with them.  Although, Ted does seem to have lost a lot of his anger towards you.  He still hates me with a passion, but I think he’s fine with you.  Why, I don’t know and I don’t care.  His irrational anger towards you was driving a lot of his violent behavior and bad decisions with the kids, so I’m hoping he has changed enough to at least not ruin the progress we’ve made with Bob.  He’ll never be sane, but at least he might stop contaminating his own children since he seems to have given up on his vendetta against you.  Who knows.”

“Maybe.  I just want Bob to come home more than anything in the world, but I’m scared to death what he’ll be like when he comes home.  I’m so worried he is just scamming his way through Darrington and fully intends on doing drugs again.  We know he has an incredible gift for lying and what if he is just more careful about hiding the truth?  I don’t want to treat him like a prisoner when he gets back, but he has a long way to go before he builds trust with us again.  He’s going to expect a completely clean slate when he gets back and I’m not sure if I can give that to him.  I’m also worried he’s going to talk Ted into going to court and try to change the custody so he can move in with him.  He’s made that threat before and I know it’s highly unlikely Ted will ever get off his ass to do anything, and it’s even more unlikely that a judge will turn Bob over to Ted, but I’m still worried about it.  We’ve had really bad luck with judges and with Ted’s luck, he might just get it.”

“Well, we can’t worry about that now.  We’ll just have to break our ass to make sure Bob stays clean and does well in school.  We can’t stop anyone from doing stupid shit.  Maybe I’m delusional, but I truly believe that Bob will be fine with enough guidance and reinforcement from us.  I think he’s starting to think it’s just not worth it anymore to rebel and act crazy.  If he stays clean, if only to be able to live at home, then we have a good chance at that carrying over into adulthood.  If he can stay clean for three more years, it’s a lot less likely he’ll lose control when he goes to college.  Yes, he’ll still do stupid shit just like everyone else in the world, but hopefully he’ll have his head on straight enough to keep it under control.”  

“I hope you’re right.  I just can’t not worry about him, though.”

We spent a lot of time worrying about and talking about the kids.  For a while, it was every day.  Then, we got sick of having the same conversations about things we couldn’t predict or control.  We eventually learned to accept the way things were and took action on things we could change.  Just like we had graduated from AA.  By the sixth month, we had started living our lives again, trying to compartmentalize the situation with Bob and enjoy being married again.  We were doing everything we could for Pete, Bob, and Chris, but we were no longer doing it at the expense of our happiness and sanity.  

For everyone’s sake, we had to get back to being happy.  Depressed and stressed out parents can not possibly be effective parents.  We had to prove to the kids that happiness is a decision.  No one can make you happy.  If you make the decision to be happy, you end up doing things that make you happy and it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.   

That’s when I came up with a brilliant idea to let it all go.  Do something symbolically huge and re-frame our lives.     


Chapter Sixteen

It was a cloudless Saturday morning in April and all the stars were aligned for a perfect day.  I had planned this event for several weeks and at least nature was not going to get in the way of everything working out.  I needed a warm, clear, sunny day and that’s exactly what we got.  

This was Emma’s birthday surprise and I had done a pretty good job of keeping the secret so far.  When I plan a surprise for someone, I almost always get so excited that I tease the person with clues to the point they usually figure it out.  In an effort to heighten the excitement, I generally fail in my attempts to be clever and my hints become more and more obvious.  I want to drive them nuts with anticipation and arrive at the perfect denouement when the surprise is revealed.   In my mind, I am trying to build towards an excruciating crescendo that results in the maximum impact of my surprise.  Yeah, that never happens.

“You ready to go?”, I asked with a big ol’ smile on my face.

“You’re making me nervous.  What are we doing today?”

“I’m not telling you.  I can’t ruin the surprise.  We’re going to have a big time, though, I can tell you that.”

“Can you at least tell me where we are going, beyond just somewhere east of here?”

“Well, it’ll take us about an hour and a half to get there.  You already know we’ll be somewhere around Raleigh, since we are going to hang out with Jen and Joe when we’re done.  But, beyond that, no I can’t tell you any more.”

I was euphoric with my cleverness and my acumen for toying with people.  I thought I was the best surpriser in the world.  I could feel Emma wiggling in her brain, trying to figure out what we were going to do.  It drove her nuts not knowing what she was going to do, and that made it so much more fun for me.  

“I know we’ll be somewhere near Raleigh, but that’s not good enough.  I’m just wondering what there is outside of Raleigh that could involve some sort of surprise.  Are we going to the beach?”

I smiled again and thoroughly enjoyed her discomfort.

“I can’t tell you that”, then trying to change the subject enough to torture her some more, I said, “Alright, we’re off”, as I pulled out of our driveway and headed towards the big surprise.  “You ready for your big surprise?”

“I think so”, she said with increasing nervousness.  She knew about some of the crazy things I have done over the years and she wanted no part of the really crazy stuff.  Kissing in public was about as crazy as she would allow herself to get.  And, she was getting the feeling her tolerance for lunacy was about to be pushed a lot further than she was comfortable letting it go.  I only wish I could have seen inside of her brain to know what she was thinking at that point.  

Somewhere around Raleigh, we took a sharp hook north and headed into God’s country.  Once you get off the highways and beyond NC’s version of a city, you feel like you have stepped back in time.  There are hundreds of little towns throughout the state that appear to have been frozen in time somewhere between 1920 and 1965.  The buildings, the people, and the attitudes in these towns are unnervingly antiquated.  It doesn’t seem possible that any one of those three things could have remained virtually unchanged from the world for so long.  I’m pretty sure they have TV’s in these towns, but you’d never know it by driving through them.  It almost feels like you’ve stepped into the Twilight Zone or a predictably bad episode of Punk’d.  You drive around waiting for Ashton Kutcher to pop out from behind a building and tell you it’s all a joke, with a belly laugh and a slap on the back.  But, that doesn’t happen.  It’s all real.  These people have consciously decided they want no part of the modern world and all of its trappings.  They are perfectly happy living a very simple, uncomplicated life in their tiny little towns.  If they weren’t so passive-aggressive towards strangers coming through town, you’d almost want to move there.  All it takes is one Stink Eye from Billy Bob Satchel sitting outside the barber shop under the swirling red, white, and blue pole to make you feel unwelcome and uneasy enough to keep driving… well under the speed limit.  Last thing you need is Roscoe P. Coltrane arresting you for reckless driving and slapping you with a $300 fine, just to make sure you get the point.  

To Emma, there was nothing unusual about these sleepy little towns because she grew up surrounded by them.  Back in the 60’s and 70’s, most towns in NC were like that.   Feeling the ghosts of the KKK cloaking your skin as you drove down Main Street was not a goose-bumping experience for her.  She was used to it.  I was not.  These towns gave me the heebie-jeebies and I couldn’t get through them fast enough.  Maybe it was all in my head, but that didn’t matter.  It felt plenty real to me and I wasn’t taking any chances.  

Creeping down a weeping willow street like you find in Charleston, Emma resumed her inquiry about our final destination and activity.  

“Alright.  Just tell me.  Where are we going and what are we doing?”

“I can’t tell you”, I said, preparing my next nugget of information I’d let squeak out enough to pique her anxiety.  “I can tell you that you’ll never forget it for the rest of your life.”

She paused for a moment to catch her breath, “We’re not going skydiving are we?”

I tried not to wait more than an instant before I awkwardly laughed and said, “Skydiving?  No, we’re not going skydiving.  Why would you think we’re going skydiving?”

“Because I can’t think of anything else we could possibly do this far out in the middle of nowhere that I would remember for the rest of my life.  Is that what we’re doing?”

We both knew my cover was blown, but I kept on with the charade, just in case.  “I’d never be able to get you to go skydiving.  And, I’d be crazy to drive all this way, not knowing if you’d actually do it, wouldn’t I?  Wait.  Would you actually do it?”

I suck at sticking to a lie when I get caught.  I may as well have put a sign of my forehead saying “jackass”, the way I was trying to perpetuate the subterfuge.  

She quickly processed her options.  She could either ruin the surprise and cripple the entire trip by telling me there was no way in hell I was ever getting her to jump out of a plane.  Or, she could let me continue to believe she thought we weren’t going skydiving and tell me that she would do it under the right circumstances.”

God bless her, she said, “I guess I might do it if there was a good enough reason to.  I’d be scared to death, but I think I might be able to do it.”

Following her lead, I said, “Well, hopefully you’ll never have to make that choice.”

Neither of us spoke again until we pulled into the entrance of the ratty little airport in the middle of a desolate field.  

“I knew we were going skydiving”, Emma teased.  “I can’t believe you’re going to make me go skydiving.  You know this is going to scare the shit out of me.”

“I know.  That’s why we’re doing it.  

We exited the car, me excited, she petrified.  

Upon examination of what I was feeling at that moment as we walked towards the low-rent, but newly renovated jump center, my brain was evenly split between two thoughts.  One part of me was purely excited to go skydiving again.  I did a tandem jump back in New Jersey ten years earlier and it was one of the most important things I have ever done.  I’m not sure how to define what it takes for anyone to make the decision to go skydiving.  For me, it wasn’t something I had always wanted to do.  I didn’t have a burning desire to thumb my nose at mortality and put my life in the hands of a stranger attached to my back.  I am not an adrenaline junky on a perpetual pilgrimage to find the ultimate high.  And, I definitely had no intention of ever doing a solo jump.  A tandem jump was crazy enough for me.  I didn’t think for a second that I’d have the balls to jump out of a plane alone and trust myself to execute the movements that would allow me to land safely on a very hard ground.  For me, it was an impulse decision.  At the time of my first jump, I was a few weeks away from moving to New Mexico for Grad School and I was feeling itchy.  I wanted to start my new life with a bang.  I wanted to leave behind my old life and all the bullshit attached to it with something unignorably shocking and symbolic.  I wanted to do something that would create a tangible separation from the way I had lived my life until that point.  It was not dissimilar (in my mind) from getting a tattoo to commemorate a life-changing event.  This was going to be the tattoo in my mind to represent the ligation from my old life.  This jump was going to be the beginning of my new life and I wanted it to be memorable beyond its symbolism.  Mission:  accomplished.   

The other part of me was astounded that Emma was willingly complicit in this irrational act of stupidity.  This was not something she would ever decide to do on her own.  Her family had gone skydiving fifteen years earlier and she refused to participate.  She stayed on the ground with her young children and shook her head at the stupidity it took to jump out of a plane.  She watched her mother, brothers, and sister safely float down to the landing site and congratulated herself for not allowing herself to be sucked into this preposterous activity.  If other people wanted to do it, that was fine, but there was no way in hell she was going to do it, for any reason.  

But, that was the Emma from a previous life.  That was the hyper-cautious, relatively new mother who would not allow herself to engage in dangerous, irrational acts.  She had unfathomable responsibilities to her children she would not compromise for her own enjoyment.  She was not able to think beyond the “what if” scenarios that all resulted in her violent death, splattered all over a northern North Carolina field.  Her inevitable demise would leave her children motherless, to be raised by a raging alcoholic who would never be able to provide a stable home or stable income for the kids.  She could do nothing that would risk the security of her children’s futures.  The weight of her entire family was on her shoulders and she could not shirk this responsibility for her own kicks.  

Then, she was released from prison on early parole.  She did not have to serve the life sentence she agreed to twenty years earlier.  She was born-again and free to get a little stupid every once in a while.  Everything she did was no longer filtered through the fear of Ted raising the kids.  Of course, Ted would end up responsible for the kids if she died while skydiving, but she finally found the courage to divorce herself from the dead weight that left her paralyzed and unwilling (or unable) to enjoy her life.  With the divorce came the epiphany of emancipation that elucidated her right to live an existence unto herself.  She was fully entitled to her own happiness on her own terms.  She learned from her marital disaster that a miserably acquiesced existence is its own death and sometimes you just have to say, “what the fuck”.  

So, for the second time in her life, she said “what the fuck” and agreed to jump out of a plane with me.  Ironically, this was the same air field from which her family had jumped fifteen years ago.

Our first order of business after signing-in was to watch a video disclaimer telling us how dangerous and deadly the act of skydiving is.  We sat in a tiny room with a few uncomfortable wooden chairs sparsely scattered around a 1980’s television set attached to heavy-duty chains mounted into the ceiling.  The video began and we were introduced to the President of the Skydivers Association who also invented the equipment for making tandem jumps.  This man did not create the sense of safety and security Emma was hoping for.  He was this random-looking old dude with a graying three-foot beard that rested on the desk while he talked us through the risks of what we were about to experience.  He told us that skydiving was inherently perilous and there was a reasonable chance that we would die in the act.  He told us that by signing the disclaimer, we were absolving the skydiving company from all responsibility for our probable death and that we were forfeiting the rights of our family members to file a lawsuit against them.  Yeah, that’s what we wanted to hear.  

So, we signed the disclaimer.

Within fifteen minutes we were in the pre-jump prep room zipping ourselves into the jump suit, fitting ourselves for helmets, and waiting for our instructor to arrive and instruct us on how to jump out of a plane.  With a tandem jump, there isn’t a need for any information beyond where to put your arms and how to initiate a mid-air turn at 120 miles per hour.  Beyond that, all we had to do was not vomit and enjoy the ride.  This was good and bad for Emma.  It was good because she didn’t have to learn how to do anything critical for her survival.  It was bad because she had very little time to mentally prepare herself for what she was about to do.  

To exacerbate her anxiety, I had hired a videographer to capture the whole event on tape.  So, while she was having her belts and buckles tightened by the guy to whom she would be attached, the videographer had his camera in her face and asked her a litany questions about how she felt, for posterity and proof.  Emma was nervous enough without the skydiving paparazzi harassing her and making her think about how nervous she was.  But, she was a trooper and didn’t punch the guy in the face or spit in his eye.  

“You ready?”, I asked with bated excitement.

“Yeah”, she said, mentally shitting herself.  “Ready as I’ll ever be.”

I put my arm around her, pulled her tightly into me, and kissed her on the head.  “This is going to be great.”

“Mm hmm”, she forced herself to agree with a subdued panic in her voice.

“Alright!  Let’s go!”, the lead instructor shouted and clapped his hands together once, to signify the “point of no return” moment we were in.  

I grabbed Emma’s hand, squeezed it twice to signal my unspoken “I love you”, and walked with her outside to the tarmac and our plane of destiny.  She did a great job hiding her terror as we walked our own private Green Mile.  She never let me see how scared she was, but I could feel the anxiety-buzz emanating from her skin.  

As the twenty skydivers mounted the plane one-by-one, we ducked our heads through the door for our first vision of the innards that would house our ascension into the clouds.  The inside of the plane was stripped down to nothing, save two metal benches running parallel along the walls, scratched and beat-up.  I guess there had been a lot of panic attacks among the people who had jumped before us.  

Because of the way the plane was set up and the order in which we were jumping, I had to sit on the opposite side from Emma, three seats back.  All I could see the whole ride was the back of her head.  We were strapped into our tandem instructors so tightly that Emma couldn’t even turn her head far enough around for us to exchange an “I love you” last glance before she was ripped out of the plane by the ergonomically mind-numbing speed of the wind outside.  

The pilot kicked the plane into gear and lifted us up into the cloudless sky, leaving our stomachs on the ground.  Up we climbed.  1,000 feet.  4,000 feet.  10,000 feet.  14,000 feet.  The air escaped the unpressurized cabin at an alarmingly rapid rate as we all took deep breaths to adjust to the altitude and calm ourselves down a bit.  I could almost hear the adrenaline-fueled beating hearts of all souls aboard above the whipping propellers, as we reached our final altitude.  The lead-instructor opened the door to the empty space between us and the ground, introducing us to our fearful dystopia as we all took our last deep breath and prepared ourselves to face the decision we had made.  Visions of the 3-foot-beard guy flashed through my brain as the people in front of me disappeared into the void between their lives and their deaths.  

The camera guy clicked on his camera as Emma neared her turn and pointed it straight into her eyes while asking her again how she felt.  As the camera hit her face, her expression went from a distorted panic to a whimsical disinterest and she squeaked out an almost believable “fine” to the camera.  I think the camera actually helped her get her game face on and at least pretend to be having fun.  I guess the “fake it until you mean it” philosophy worked out for her.

Then, it was her turn to jump.  

Her instructor skutched her forward with his hips toward the final inches of the bench and her fear.  Her conscious-self stepped outside of her body as she tried to synchronize her steps toward the door with the instructor like a dwarf and a giant in a retarded 3-legged race.  She unconsciously reached the door seconds later with her eyes focused squarely out into the wide-open sky, trying to not look down.  Whatever nonchalance she was trying to convey up to that point had completely vanished and metamorphosed into the panic of watching yourself helplessly float into a horrific car crash.  

She was going to do it!  

She was there at the metaphorical and literal threshold, about to fall 14,000 feet, about to experience something she would never forget, as I had promised.  

With her hands crossed across her chest and her heart in her toes, the instructor rocked them back and forth, while yelling the countdown.

“1… 2… 3…GO!”

Out she went. 

As the videographer had jumped out a split second before them, he captured her violent expulsion from the plane on film.  Thank God I hired that videographer.  

The wind that immediately greeted her tore open her mouth into a distorted, twisted massacre that looked like a ridiculously exaggerated version of Munch’s “The Scream”.  But, the grotesque look imposed on her face did not match the distant peace in her eyes.  She wasn’t scared anymore.  There was nothing she could do to change the next ten minutes, and there was nothing she could do to change God’s will.  If God meant for her to die, she had to accept it and she may as well enjoy her final ten minutes on earth.  Or, above earth, should I say?

While trying to process the completely foreign hyper-sensations of a 120 mile an hour freefall, the instructor pulled the rip cord and jolted her into a calm, casual drift down to the ground.    

She had done it.  My beautiful wife had jumped out of a plane at an altitude of 14,000 feet and lived to tell about it.  I was so proud of her.  Yes, I had married the perfect girl.  

As crazy as it may sound, skydiving was exactly what we both needed at that point in our lives.  I don’t think Emma will ever go skydiving again, but hopefully she won’t need to.  


Chapter Seventeen

Is there ever a point when you give up trying to convince your kids to make choices you believe are in their best interest?  Is there ever a point when you give up trying to dissuade your kids from doing stupid shit?  Is there ever a point when your kids can’t break your heart anymore?  Is there ever a point when you stop agonizing and worrying about your kids every second of every day?  Is there ever a point when you stop trying everything possible to make your kids happy?  Is there ever a point when you just can’t take it anymore?  Is there ever a point when you just give up trying to be the best parent you can be for your kids?  Is there ever a point when your kids realize everything you have done for them?  Is there ever a point when your kids realize that you were a great parent and you always did the best you could for them?  

What if you gave up trying to change anything or anyone?  What if you accepted and forgave the horrific shit your kids did to you and it no longer bothered you to the point of depression?  What if you forgave yourself for whatever culpability you crammed down your own throat?  What if you decided to just be the best parent you could possibly be under the circumstances and wait for your kids to come around, or not?

Who the fuck knows.

I guess every person has their breaking point.  But, they are our kids and I’m not sure there is such a thing as a breaking point for parents.  I don’t think any parent ever gives up on their kid.  Well, maybe shitty parents give up (or never start) doing the impossibly difficult things to raise their kids into happy, healthy, well-adjusted adults.  

Some kids will fight you the whole way.  Some kids are just born to do the right thing.  Some kids turn out bad.  Some kids fuck up their lives beyond reparation.  Some kids eventually figure it out and turn their lives around.  

But, every kid is precious.  Every kid deserves unconditional love.  And, every kid deserves a second chance (or a millionth chance).  

I guess none of the bullshit matters anyway.  We are parents and that is the deal.  We are going to love our kids no matter what they do.  Pretty soon they will all be adults, living on their own and responsible for their own choices.  All I want is the best for them.

The kids may not have ever been anywhere near as bad as we believed, but we can not help but worry about the worst case scenarios.  We know what can happen when you do things that ultimately hurt yourself or the people around you.  They are great kids who have made some decisions that could result in their unhappiness at some point.  Or, maybe they will be just fine.  Because enough bad shit has happened, we tend to project our fears and despair on to everything they do.  Hyperbole has consumed our interpretations of what they do because of what could happen and how their lives could turn out.  

All of the “what if’s” that spin around our heads and on to these pages are based on facts, conjecture, and portent.  The kids all do enough to worry the shit out of us, but I know I let their mistakes create far too much fear in my brain.  There is so much to worry about and there are so many warning signs.  Because I am so worried about them and because they give me so many reasons to worry about them, I have become entangled in a projective extremism that makes them and the situation much worse than it may actually be.  I oftentimes catch myself wondering how they could do the things that may fuck up their lives and the lives around them.  I wonder how they could not see the potential impact of their actions and words.  I wonder if they have any understanding of the bad shit that might result from their actions.

I want to save them from themselves.  I want to force them to clean the shit out of their brains and do the things I believe would be much more auspicious and contribute to their happiness.  I want them to be happy and I want them to bring joy to the people around them.  

I wish I could see the innocence of the smiles and smirks I see in the long-ago photos on our walls, again.  I want them to realize how easy it is to be happy.  I want them to stop seeking artificial, illusory, and ephemeral joy.  I want them to erase the contagions in their brain that impel them towards the angry, easy, lazy, selfish, destructive choices they make.  

I wish they would do the hard work it takes to earn their own happiness, peace, and security. 

I wish they would just listen to us.  

Chris and Bob are coming around and they will be just fine (knock wood).  Pete is in now in the thick of his teenage stupidity and I worry about him every minute of every day.  



Chapter Eighteen

“When is Bob coming home from college?”, Pete asked.

By the time Pete turned 14 and Bob went off to college, I had become (deservedly) suspicious whenever Pete asked when Bob was coming around.  My filters were clogged with the parade of drugs we knew or believed Pete was doing, and I believed all Pete was interested in was scoring drugs from Bob when he came back into town.  Pete’s heart had twisted into a disinterested hatred for Emma for some reason and he was proving it to us by doing what he knew would tear our hearts apart.  He was getting high almost every day, his grades were slipping, he only hung out with his friends, his brothers, or his dad, and he remained in his room whenever he was home.  He made it very clear that he wanted to spend as little time with us as possible.  Our home was where he had to be.  His dad’s basement apartment and his friends’ houses were where he wanted to be.  On that, there was no confusion.    

“I’m not sure baby.  I think he’s going straight to Holly’s house from school.  He usually brings her over here, so he should be here sometime this afternoon.  Why don’t you give him a call?” Emma responded.  

“I already called him.  He didn’t answer.”  

With that, Pete turned back upstairs without another word and closed his bedroom door behind him.

“What was that about?” I asked.

“Who knows?” Emma responded.  “I’m sure he either wants a ride to his friend’s house or he wants pot.”

“I’m sure of that, but, why was he copping attitude?

“Same bullshit.  His Geometry teacher called today and said he has five missing homework assignments, so I told him I wouldn’t drive him anywhere until he turned them in.  So, I’m the asshole again and he doesn’t want to speak to me.”

“What the fuck,” I exasperated.  “Why is he so determined to throw it all away?”

“He told me he doesn’t care about school or grades anymore.  I think he just wanted to piss me off.  Other than the homework, he’s not doing horribly.  He can still make B’s and C’s this semester.  His test grades are okay.  He just isn’t turning in his homework for some reason.”   

“Jesus Christ.  That kid is going to fuck up his whole life because he wants to be Billy Bad Ass.  Right now, he’s not smart enough to know he is only fucking himself.  That is so frustrating.  I just want to shake him and scream in his ear to stop fucking up his own life.”  

“I know.  Me too.”  

Emma lifted her head to look straight into my eyes and said, “I feel like there is something we need to be doing.  Something other than nothing.  We’ve tried everything and we saw with Bob that sending him away would do nothing to change his mind or his behavior.  It’s almost like the kids think it is some kind of badge to be sent away.  Like that is proof they were shitty enough to us.  I feel like I am the worst mother in the world.  Basically, I am enabling Pete to become just like his dad.”

“I understand what you mean, but I don’t know what the hell else we can do.  We’ve gone through all of the punishments and threats with Pete, just like we did with Bob.  I think we figured out with Bob that the harder we push, the harder they push back and turn into even bigger idiots.  They have no problem giving us the big “fuck you” when we try to make them do something.  If we don’t give them shit about the stupid things they do, then they have nothing to rebel against.  But, like you said, that also implies we are okay with it.  I just don’t know what the fuck else to do.”

Monica shook her head at the floor and said nothing.  

“I think all we can do is what we talked about,” I said.  “Don’t give him anything to rebel against, but also don’t do anything for him.  If he wants to screw up his life, he’ll have to find his own way to do it.”  

“Does that really make a difference?  He is with his dad or his friends every day and his dad always gives him a ride to wherever he wants to go.  It’s not like we are getting in his way of anything.”

“I know, but I don’t know what else we can do.  I feel as helpless as you do.  Unless we get some flash of brilliance or divine intervention, we are just going to have to see how this plays out.  It’s still too soon to know if we are making it better or worse.  It’s a totally different strategy, but it’s all we have left.  What we did before was clearly not working.  I think we just continue laying low and try to affect him in more subtle ways and hope it does something better than drive him further away and further into the shit Bob was doing before we sent him away.”

The tone of this conversation was very different than the ones we had a few years ago about Bob.  90% of the emotion was gone, dead, and buried.  This was our second time through the wringer and things didn’t affect us in the same way.  We were still worried to death about Pete, but we had somehow developed an ability to de-emotionalize our conversations about the kids.  There was worry and fear, but it was not emotionally debilitating and catastrophic anymore.  We dealt with it the best we could, we made rational decisions, and we came to terms with the fact that these were people we could not control.  We couldn’t make Pete stop getting high with his dad and his brothers.  We couldn’t force him to do his homework.  We couldn’t force him to do chores around the house.  We couldn’t punish him.  We could do almost nothing but love him no matter what, guide him when he would allow it, enjoy the few minutes we were in the same room together, not facilitate his bad choices, and be the best example we could possibly be to him.  With no other viable options hitting our brains, we turned to a laissez faire approach to parenting that crawled all over us even though we came to a well-considered decision that was really our only and best hope to save Pete.  

We had absolutely saved Bob’s life when we sent him to Darrington, but he did not stop smoking dope and he was not more willing to follow our rules that got in the way of the kind of life he wanted for himself.  When Bob came back from Darrington, the crazy, psychotic stupidity was gone but he was not cured of the normal stupidity.  Bob was not going to stop smoking dope but he stopped flaunting it and using it as a weapon, he stopped treating Emma like shit (90% of the time), he was no longer filled with a terrifying rage towards us, and he pretty quickly showed signs that he loved Emma again.  And, after a lot of conversations with Bob and a lot of observations about his behavior, we decided that we would only send away Pete if he became a danger to himself.  Otherwise, it was not worth the 14 months of exile, loneliness, and isolation.  Most importantly, we decided to do whatever we had to do to prevent Pete from getting to that same dangerous, desperate place Bob got to when he was Pete’s age.  That meant a lot of sacrifice of our parenting instincts and it meant we would have to find a different way to parent.  Which brings us back to Pete and how we chose to parent him for a while.  We were testing a new approach and seeing if it worked any better.       

“I know, I know.”  Emma said.  “I’m still getting used to letting go and watching Pete make mistakes I used to be able to punish him for and stop him from doing.  I’m not sure how much longer I can disengage from the fight against Pete’s bad decisions.  At some point, we are going to have to do something drastic.  If Pete doesn’t start to turn around soon, we need to bring the hammer down.”  

The sound of a key entering and turning the front door lock interrupted our ruminations on the tragedy of Pete’s decisions.  “Hey guys!”  Bob said, coming through the front door with his girlfriend on his arm, smiling.  

“Hey sweetie!  Hi Holly.  How are you doing?  Did you just get back?”  Emma said.

“Yeah.  I picked up Holly from school and we came straight here.”

“What are you guys going to do?”

“We’re just going to hang out upstairs and watch TV.”

“Okay sweetie.  Are you hungry?”

“Oh, no.  Actually, we stopped at Burger King on the way over.  Thanks though.  I’ll let you know if we get hungry.”

“Sounds good.  Holly, how is school going for you?”

“Good.”  Holly said.

“How’s Pete doing?”  Bob asked.

Monica paused a second to take a breath.  “He’s fine.  He’s being a bit of a brat right now, but he’s okay otherwise.”  

“What did he do?”  Bob asked.

“Well, he didn’t turn in a bunch of homework assignments and he is upset that I won’t drive him over his friend’s house.”  Monica said.

“What a butthead.”  Bob said.  “What’s his problem?  All he has to do is turn in his homework and he won’t get in trouble.  I’m going to go tell him he is an idiot.”

“Well, just be nice about it sweetie.”  

“Okay.  Well, we’re going upstairs.  See ya.”

“Okay sweetie.  Just let me know if you need anything.”

“Okay.”

“Bye Emma.”  Holly said, following Bob upstairs.

“Bye Holly.”  

Bob walked the stairs and straight into Pete’s room and started straight into him.

“What’s your problem, dumb ass?”  Bob said to Pete.  “Why are you giving mom shit?  And, why aren’t you doing your homework?”

“I don’t feel like it.  School sucks.  Plus, I don’t care what mom says and there is nothing she can do about it.”  Pete replied.

“So, you just want to be an asshole to mom and get high every day.  Is that it?”

“Yeah.  Pretty much.”

“What does dad think about that?”

“He doesn’t care whether or not I do my homework and he doesn’t care how I treat mom.  He’s cool.  He just lets me do what I want.  Not like mom.  She gives me shit for everything I do.  I can’t stand her.”

“What the hell is wrong with you??  Mom hardly ever gives you shit about anything.  If you keep pulling this shit, she’s going to send you away.”

“Dad said he won’t let her do that.”

“He said the same thing to me, idiot.  Mom can do whatever she wants and dad can’t stop her.  You better watch yourself, Pete.  If you start to get out of control, she will send you away.  You can count on that.”

“I don’t care what she does.  She can’t change me.”

“All she wants is for you to get good grades and stop smoking so much pot.  I’m not saying you should stop smoking pot, but you need to keep your head straight.”

“Whatever dude.  Just leave me alone, will you?”

“What the hell is your problem, dickhead?  Why are you acting like suck a jerk?”

“I don’t know.  I just feel like it.”

“Are you fucked up on something right now?”

Pete smiled that stoner smile, giggled that stoner giggle, and said nothing.

“Jesus Christ Pete.  What are you on?”

“Nothing.  I just took a couple hits off a joint.  I’m fine.  Relax.”

“You are getting high every day, aren’t you?”

Pete smiled that stoner smile, giggled that stoner giggle, and said nothing.

“Dude.  You are fucking up big time.  Mom is going to send you away if she finds out.”

“Quit yer bitchin, Bob.  I got it under control.  My grades are still fine.  Mom won’t send me away as long as my grades are fine.”

“What else are you doing besides pot?  I know you are doing more than just smoking bowls.”

“Nothing big.  I trip out or do some coke every once in a while.  Nothing you haven’t done.”

“Yeah, Pete.  I fucked up and I did some stupid shit I wish I never did.  You saw how out of control I was and it got me sent away.  Is that what you want?”

“Relax, Bob.  I got it under control.”

“Pete, you are headed for some kind of disaster.  I just know it.  You need to get your shit together and stop doing this shit every day.”

“What do you care?  You told mom a few years back that you didn’t care if I did drugs.  You even said you hoped I did start doing drugs.  You got what you wanted, so why are you trippin on me?”

“You know I was just trying to piss off mom when I said that, so don’t throw this back on me.  It’s not my fault you are doing all this shit.”

“What do you mean it’s not your fault?  You are the one who got me started doing it and don’t act like you didn’t.  You got me high the first time, remember?”

Bob looked down at the floor and shook his head slowly without saying a word.  He thought about the situation for a few moments and then said, “Fine.  Blame me for getting you started, but now it is on you.  I didn’t tell you to get high every day and treat mom like shit.  You are the one doing this shit, not me.”

“What the hell are you talking about??  I’m doing exactly what you were doing at my age.  Matter of fact, you were worse than I am.  At least I’m still getting good grades.  You pretty much failed all of your classes and got kicked out of school.  So, don’t act like I’m doing something crazy.”

“Fuck you Pete.  I may have done some stupid shit, but at least I pulled it all together and stopped acting like an idiot before it was too late.  Why don’t you learn from my mistakes so you don’t end up where I did?  You don’t want to get sent a way for 2 years, trust me.  That sucked and you will hate it.”

“I’ll be fine.  Just get off my back.  Why don’t you just go smoke a bowl with your girlfriend and leave me alone?”  

Bob ended with a perfunctory “Fuck you asshole” and walked out the door, much more than a little disturbed, and headed down the stairs to the kitchen.

“Mom.  I just talked to Pete about him acting like a jerk and I’m starting to get worried about him.”  Bob said.

“Why sweetie.  What happened?”  Emma said.

Emma put down her Coke Zero and stood next to Bob, visibly shaken.

“I don’t know.  He just seems to be getting out of control.”

“How is he getting out of control?”

“I don’t know.  He just is.”

“Can you be a little more specific?  Is it drugs?  Is it something else?”

“I can’t tell you exactly what it is, but I am worried about him.  I think he’s doing a lot more than you think he is.  Part of the problem is those friends he’s hanging out with.  They are just like the kids I was hanging out with before you sent me to Darrington.  I don’t trust them and Pete is going to get worse if he keeps hanging out with them.  If I were you, I wouldn’t let Pete hang out with them anymore.”

“I know.  I’ve thought of that, but there is really no way I can stop him from hanging out with them.  He sees them all day at school and I can’t stop that.  If I tell him he can’t go to his friends’ houses, he’ll just call your dad to come pick him up.  This is the same thing that happened when you were going through your bad spell.  The more we tried to stop you the more you rebelled and got angry and the more your dad told you didn’t have to listen to me.  Remember how ugly it got?”

Behind Bob’s eyes, Emma could see the conflict of defending his dad or avoiding the peripheral argument.  

“I remember.” Bob said.  “I just think if you don’t do anything, he’s going to get worse.”

“I know baby.  Jack and I have been over this a thousand times.  We just don’t know what to do.  If we ground him, he will act out even worse just to punish us and most likely get to the same place you were before Darrington.  If we do nothing, he will continue to do the same things.  Is there something you or Chris can do or say to him?”  

“I don’t think so.  He won’t listen to anyone.”

“How about your dad?  Do you think you can get him to say something to Pete?”

“You know dad.  He can’t say ‘no’ to anyone and he doesn’t want Pete to be mad at him.  He let’s Pete do whatever he wants.  Pete is a spoiled brat and he gets angry whenever he doesn’t get what he wants.”

Emma looked at me for some kind of insight or guidance I could not conjure.  I was as confounded as she was about Pete.  My gut told me to bring the hammer down and force him to do the right thing.  Part of me didn’t care how much Pete hated us as long as we were doing something to save him.  The other part of me knew we would be pushing Pete to the edge if we came down on him.  We were fucked if we did and fucked if we didn’t.  

“I don’t know, mom.  I just think you need to do something before it’s too late.”

“You’re right, Bob.  We just haven’t figured out what we can do and how we can do it.  For now, all we can do is keep a close eye on him.  If he starts to get out of control, we may have to send him away.  I think he knows that is an option, so hopefully that will keep him from getting out of control.”

Bob and Emma stared blankly at each other for a moment, then Bob turned to go back upstairs.  “Okay mom.”

“Bob.  Thank you for coming to me and telling me this about Pete.  I feel a little better knowing you are looking out for him.  Will you let me know if you notice Pete getting any worse?”

Bob paused and nodded in assent then double-stepped his way upstairs.

Emma turned to me and said, “What do you think?”

“I don’t know.  It worries me that Pete is at a point where Bob is worried.  If Pete was just smoking pot every once in a while, Bob wouldn’t have said anything.  I think Pete is getting into some heavier drugs and I think he is headed down a very dangerous path.  I just don’t know what we can do differently.  Bob got much worse when we tried to punish him and I believe Pete would do the same.  Ted doesn’t give a shit if Pete turns into a drug addict as long as Pete is on his side.  And, you can pretty much guarantee Ted would make it even worse if we tried to punish Pete.  He would talk all kinds of shit about you and me then encourage Pete to do whatever the hell he wanted when he is with us.”  

Emma shook her head because she knew there wasn’t much else to say.  Pete was on his way towards becoming a fully intoxicated Jenkins Boy with all the badges of addiction and rebellion he needed for full membership.  No one was going to tell him he couldn’t be a Jenkins Boy, especially Emma.  


Chapter Nineteen

“Hi mom.  What’cha up to?”  Chris asked Emma over the phone.

“Hey sweetie.  We’re sitting on the deck playing Scrabble.  What are you doing?”

“Oh, me and Marisol are just hanging around, throwing the stick to Spider.”  

“Sounds like fun.  So, what’s up?”

Without a hint of a pause you might expect with the next statement, Chris said, “Marisol and me are getting married on Tuesday.”

Emma closed her gaping mouth for a second to say, “What?  What do you mean?  I thought you were going to take the money we gave you and put it towards a house instead of a wedding.”

“We are.  We’re getting married at the courthouse, so it won’t cost us anything.  Plus, how the hell could we pull off a real wedding in two days?”

“I don’t know sweetie.  I guess you’re right.”  Emma chuckled then absorbed the reality of what Chris just said.  “Two days!  Why are you getting married in two days?”  

“Well, we just didn’t want to blow all the money you gave us on a wedding.  We’d rather put it towards buying Marisol’s stepdad’s house and getting ready for the baby.  And, we wanted to be married before the baby is born.  We just thought this would be the easiest way to do it.  Can you come?”

“Of course sweetie.  We wouldn’t miss it for the world.  What should we wear?  Will it be casual or formal?”

“Well, dad is probably going to wear a suit, but whatever you wear to work will be fine.”

“That’ll be fine.  I can’t wait!  Do you think Jack should wear a suit or maybe something less formal since I’m wearing work clothes?”

Then came one of those pauses that perfectly predict what someone will say next.    

“Is Jack planning on coming?”  Chris asked.

“Of course sweetie.  What do you mean… Oh, do you think your dad will be upset if he comes?”

“Yeah, I’m worried dad will do something crazy if Jack shows up.  I really want Jack to be there, but I don’t want dad to lose it at our wedding in front of everyone.  Do you think he will be pissed if he can’t come?”

“I’m sure he’ll be upset, but I’m pretty sure he will understand.  I’ll talk to him when we get off the phone.  I just hate it that your dad is putting his anger ahead of your happiness.”

“I know, mom.  I feel terrible, but I don’t know what else to do.  Can you just talk to Jack and try to explain it to him?”

“Of course sweetie.  I just wish it didn’t have to be like this.”

“I know.  Me too.  I’m sorry mom.  I feel like shit for doing this to you and Jack.”

“Well, don’t let it get you down sweetie.  We’ll be fine.  You just focus on getting married and enjoying it as much as you possibly can.”  

“Thanks mom.”

“You’re welcome Chris.”

“Okay, well, I gotta go.  Marisol has to call her parents and then we have to figure out some of the wedding details.”

“Okay baby.  Take care and tell Marisol we love her and we are so happy for you both.”

“I will mom.  Bye.  I love you.”

“I love you too Chris.  Bye.”

And, so it was.  Ted had fucked us again.  

Of course I understood where Chris was coming from and I wasn’t pissed at him for not wanting me to come.  He was right.  Ted would have lost his mind and done something to ruin Chris’s wedding.  Ted’s anger was much more important than his kids and their happiness.  There was nothing else Chris could do other than what he did.

Believe me, I understand the precarious dance around Ted’s rage and being forced to change your plans to avoid it.  But, I was sick of allowing Ted to dictate who did what, where, and when because of his violent anger.  In truth, I wanted Chris to tell Ted to suck it up, be a man, and don’t act like a dick for one day.  Chris knew perfectly well that what Ted was doing was atrociously selfish, but Chris was not willing to incur the wrath of his dad in any way that would ruin his wedding.  Who the hell could blame him?  

The wedding was simple and quick drive-by ceremony at the Justice of the Peace with five witnesses.  All of the parents and stepparents were there, with me as the VERY obvious exception to everyone.  

Ted showed up in his “court suit”, appropriately impaired on Valium and liquor.  He was professional enough to not slur or stagger, but his eyes were glassy and vacant enough to announce his intoxication.  For some reason, he admitted to Chris that he took a few Valium to “take the edge off” so he could hold it together.  It was times and situations like this that Ted fomented the normalization self-medication and drug abuse with the kids.  Following their dad’s example, the kids completely believe it is okay to “need” to take medication, smoke dope, or throw down a few shots when things get a little stressful.  And, when things aren’t stressful, it has become perfectly normal to get fucked up on drugs and alcohol to have fun.  In Ted’s world, drugs and alcohol are fun, harmless, and necessary.  There is nothing wrong with catching a buzz every day because there is always a good reason to do so.  Whether it is for coping or for entertainment purposes, drugs and alcohol are an inexorable part of Ted’s life and by extension, they are a part of the kids’ lives.  By all indications, and for whatever fucked up reasons, Ted does not seem to have a problem if all of his kids develop an addiction or dependency on drugs and/or alcohol.  Not only does he engage in the behavior, but he also condones and participates in the same behavior with his kids.  

Although I think I have completely forgiven Ted and let go of any animosity towards him for all the shit he has done to the kids and Emma, I still get pissed when I think about the example he continues to set for his kids.  He no longer lies to the kids about getting drunk or high every day and he still tells the kids their mother is a slut, but why would he want to risk the kids living a life filled with violence and addiction by making it all seem normal or acceptable?  He won the battle.  The kids are on Ted’s side and they will always choose him over her, so why continue the assault?  Why not use this time to make sure none of the kids end up like him?  In random moments of drunken clarity, Ted absolutely realizes that his addictions and his violence cost him his marriage.  So, why is he not scared to death that his kids will go through the same shit?  Why does he not do everything possible to prevent it?     

Ugh.

Anyway.

Ted didn’t know what to expect from the occasion, so he prepared the only way he knew how; he got just fucked up enough to deaden his nerves without deadening his faculties.  Marisol’s parents, brother, and sister would be there and Ted had to make sure he did not expose the gin blossomed cracks in his hyper-tanned façade.  This was a perfect opportunity for Ted to convince Marisols’ family that he was normal, he had his shit together, and he was a respectable human being.  Ted’s imaginary world is always publicly intact and he would never let his real world collide with it unless he was in an uncontrollable swivet “caused” by me or Emma.  

Emma captured most of the occasion on video, so I saw the pseudo-coherent look in his eyes as he stood around the others, playing the role he needed to play.  To the casual observer, Ted conducted himself in a polite and gregarious manner that raised no suspicions.  But, with Ted, there are always the details most people miss.  It is the fractional evil stares, the slight sways in his stance, the aggressive body language, the uncomfortably specious smiles and giggles, and all the other subconscious ticks and tells that expose him to the critical eye.  The “Real Ted” is always there if you look closely enough.

Emma knew the “Real Ted” frighteningly well and she did not miss any of the translucent minutia that defied the subterfuge as performed by the “Real Ted”.   She stayed as far away from any interactions with Ted as possible during the occasion, intermittently flashbacking to the surreptitious threats and violent posturing she had experienced in public places over the years.  Ted had a remarkable talent for threatening you and screaming at you without anyone noticing from across the room.  You had to be staring at him from a close distance to even recognize what was happening.  He was masterful at terrorizing you in a way that was invisible to the world around you.  

But Ted did none of that during the wedding.  He kept to himself, he kept it together, and he engaged in conversation when he had to.  If he didn’t let slip a few unfortunate comments, no one would have thought his presence was anything but benign.  

Chris and Marisol were at opposite ends of the room after the ceremony, talking to whoever was near them.  They were married and they were emoting their elation with every syllable of every word.  They were a typical newlywed couple; nothing was wrong in the world, they could never imagine an argument between them, and everything was going to work out just fine.  What a perfect moment it was.  Fuck it.  We’re all guilty of that moment.  How could you not enjoy it with them?  They were a beautiful young couple and nothing else mattered.  

Then Ted got to talking and shared some words of wisdom with Marisol.  I wasn’t there, of course, and I’m not exactly sure how this conversation went, but here is a guesstimate I pieced together from multiple sources.

“Congratulations Marisol”, Ted said to begin their one-on-one moment.

“Thanks Ted”, Marisol responded, not trusting the strange look in his eye.  “It feels so great to be married to Chris.  I am so happy.  I can’t wait for the baby to get here.”

As if he were continuing a different conversation, Ted said “If Chris ever hits you, you let me know.  I know I got angry with Emma a lot, but I never hit her.  Chris has my temper, so you need to be careful.  You just call me if he ever hits you.”

Marisol stood there.  Stunned.  Confused.  Scared.  Her emotional high, buzz-killed by the most random, unexpected statement from a man she hardly knew.  

“Umm.  What do you mean?” Marisol responded.

“I’m just saying.  Chris has my temper and I know how angry he can get.  I never hit Emma and I just want to make sure that Chris never hits you.”

“So, it’s okay to verbally, emotionally, psychologically, and physically abuse someone as long as you don’t hit them??”  Emma asked her brain.  

“Okay.  Thanks.”  Marisol said to Ted.  “I’ll keep that in mind.”

“I just hope Spider doesn’t bite your baby’s head off and kill her” was Ted’s next non-sequitor.  “Pit bulls are dangerous.  I’m afraid that dog will kill her when you get her home from the hospital.  I think Chris needs to get rid of that dog before something horrible happens.”  

“I know.  I’m worried too.”  Marisol said.  She shifted uncomfortably between her right and left leg, furiously restraining the horror in her heart.  Of course Marisol had worried about having a pit bull around their new baby, but they never dared speak their worst fears.  To plant that imagery in her head was unspeakable and Marisol had to get away from Ted that instant.  

“Well, let me go see how Chris is doing.”  Marisol said.

“Okay.  I’ll talk to you before we leave.”  Ted said back with a smile, not noticing the speed and panic of Marisol’s exit from the conversation.  

Marisol fast-walked across the room to Chris, locked her arm inside of his and rested her head on Chris’ shoulder without saying a word.

A few days later, Marisol told her mother about what Ted had said to her, prompting her mother to call Emma and see what the hell she should think and do about it.  Marisol’s mother knew Ted mostly from the ways in which Marisol described him.  She had met Ted a couple of times, but never heard or saw anything that worried her.  She knew all she needed to know about Ted to form an opinion of him, but she did not know enough about him to hate him.  This was Marisol’s new father-in-law and she could not bring herself to hate him on hearsay alone.  Yet.  

Marisol and Emma talked for over two hours about Ted and what he had done to Emma over the past 25 years.  Emma never wanted anyone to hate Ted, but she did want people to know the truth about him.  It pissed off Emma to no end that Ted had spent the previous six years telling everyone who would listen to his lies that Emma had cheated on him, broke up the family, and ruined his life. These people had no idea who the “Real Ted” really was or what really happened and she never would have cared if he wasn’t talking so much shit about her to her kids.  

Emma never told anyone other than me the full story about Ted until that day.  It was bad enough that Ted had brainwashed her kids against her with his bullshit and there was no way in hell she would let this opportunity slip by without her new in-laws knowing the truth.  Above all else, Emma wanted Marisol’s mother to know what they were dealing with.  Left to his own devices with impunity, Ted would certainly seek to contaminate Marisol and her family against Emma and me.  That was an injustice Emma would not allow to happen.  It would have been extremely difficult for the kids to learn the whole truth about their dad while coping with his poisonous lies, but it was imperative that Marisol’s mother knew the whole truth about Ted.  


Chapter Twenty

When we found out on Sunday that Chris and Marisol were getting married on Tuesday, we immediately began planning the wedding reception we decided to throw for them on Saturday.  Six days to plan a wedding reception.  We knew it was going to be a low-key, relatively small reception, but the work you put into a party like that does not scale down proportionately to the number of people you invite.  Whether you invite 50 or 500 people, most of the same work still has to be done.  Making, serving, and cleaning the food is a bit easier, but not by much.  We still had to decorate the house, create and cook the menu, design and order the cake, create and send out an invitation list, buy a gift, buy the take-away gifts for all the guests, find and arrange enough seating for 50 people, clean the house, and do all of the other shit that goes into a small semi-formal party.  It was a damn good thing I was working from home and able to handle most everything while Emma was at work.  

So, I was able to do most of the work that needed to get done and I enjoyed the hell out of it.  It was a chance to do something special for Chris and Marisol and I love to do shit for the people I love (not including yard work, of course).  Most of the details were of the inane sort and didn’t take much effort or ability.  The cake, however, was a different deal.  I could have just ordered a cake from a bakery and forgotten about it but this was a perfect opportunity to make the cake deserving of the occasion.  I called one of the local bakeries with a great reputation for custom cakes and scheduled an appointment with the cake decorator/planner.  I was truly excited about the idea of making a cake like I saw on Ace of Cakes or some other Food Network show.  This was a place my imagination could really run wild and help create something unique and beautiful.  

When I arrived at Ketchie Creek Bakery, the girl behind the counter told me the cake decorator had not yet arrived and she would send her over as soon as she got there.  She suggested I start looking through their portfolio of cakes for ideas and left me at the table.  I spent 30 minutes leafing through the three binders full of cakes, taking mental notes and combining the best ideas in my head to incorporate into the cake design.  There were so many great ideas but I had to keep the wedding colors in mind, the personal styles of Chris and Marisol, plus the wedding theme.  This cake was not for me, so I could not create the cake I thought would look the best.  I had to design a cake that was best for Chris and Marisol.  After a short while I wished I was designing this cake for me because I had some kick ass ideas.  Alackaday, I had to re-focus my brain on the reason I was there.  

“Mr. Fisher?”  Crystal asked.

“Yes.”  I smiled.

“My name is Crystal and I’ll be helping you design your cake.”

“Perfect.  How do we begin?”

“Well, did you have a chance to look through the photos of the cakes we have done?”

“Yeah, I did.  There were some really great designs.  I definitely have some ideas of what I want, but I need your help pulling my ideas together into something that works.”

“Of course.  I can do that.  Why don’t we sit down and talk about what you have in mind?”

We sat in our opposing chairs at her desk as I pulled out the photos of cakes with the constructs and designs I thought would work.  

“I’m not sure how disparate these design ideas are, but I’m hoping you can pull them together in a way that makes sense.”  I said.  “I like the askew layers in this picture and I really like the molten chocolate drippings in this one.  There are some other elements here that I like, but I think the idea is to take funky design elements and make them work on a formal cake.  The wedding colors are yellowish-gold and red, so we will have to incorporate that somehow as well.  Oh, two more things.  The bride loves butterflies and orchids, so I want to incorporate those as well.”

“That’s not a problem.  We can definitely do that.  Also, I think the design I am imagining would look best with a fondant icing.  It gives the cake a really smooth texture that will give it beautiful clean lines.  It’s a bit more but I think it will be worth it.  What do you think?”

“How about you draw up a sketch so I can see where we are going and then I’ll try to figure out if the fondant works for me.”  

Crystal pulled out her sketchbook and drew up a raw version of what it would look like then turned the portfolio to the pages that inspired the design, as reference.  “Here is basically what the cake would look like.  See, there are the butterflies and there are the orchids.  Do you want real or fake orchids?”

“Can you make the orchids out of the icing or something?”

“Normally, yes.  But there just isn’t enough time to get the orchids done before Saturday.  The butterflies are simple so we can do those, but not the orchids.  We can do either real or plastic orchids on it and I think it will look great.  What do you think?”

“I love the idea of real flowers, but I’m worried it will look out of place or like we forced them into the design.  If you think it will look right, I’m fine with it.”

“Oh yeah.  Real orchids will look great; especially against that smooth sunflower yellow color of the icing.  Do you want to go with that?”

“Yeah.  Let’s do it.  And, I think you are right about the fondant.  Just looking at the difference from the pictures, I think fondant will look best on this cake.”

“Great.  Do you know what flavors you want for the cake?”

“No, not really.  I was thinking a strawberry layer and a pink lemonade layer.  What flavors do you have?”

Blah, blah, blah.  I picked the flavors, finished the design of the cake, and ordered the flowers for the cake.  It was fucking beautiful in my mind.  Crystal just had to pull it off and I would be happy.  This was a big risk, especially in Emma’s mind.  To Emma, designing an original cake was nuts and rife with opportunity to fuck it up.  She would have gone in and picked a design that was safe and conventional, with no potential for disaster.  Forget artistry and originality.  She wanted to see it before she bought it and she wanted to know exactly what she was getting.  I, on the other hand, went with a mish-mash of design options and color requirements and left the rest up to the imagination of the cake lady with no definitive idea what this thing would actually look like.  What can I tell you?  I’m a cake rebel.  

“So, what will the cake look like?”  Emma asked that night.

“Um, I’m not exactly sure.  It’s going to have alternating yellow and white layers with real orchids and pastry butterflies on it.  And, I think there is going to be pastry ribbons that kind of hang off of each layer.  Other than that, I’m not exactly sure.”

Emma looked at me sideways and said, “What do you mean you aren’t exactly sure?  How do you know it’s going to work?”

“Well, I gave her all of the colors and design elements and just told her to put it all together the way we discussed.  I’m sure it will be great.  All of the elements look great in the photos I saw.  I just mixed them together.  Don’t worry.  It’ll be great.  I got it handled.”  

Emma started to argue but let it go.  I’m not sure why, but I was not about to ask her.  I was sure it would work out and I would surely lose the argument if I pushed back.  We tacitly agreed to ignore it and move on.

“How about everything else?”  Emma asked.  “Is everything coming together?”

“Yup.  Everything is covered.  Don’t you worry your pretty little head.  Did you send out the e-mail invitations I put together last night?”

“Yes.  I did that this morning.  I think we can expect around 60 people.”

“I thought there was only going to be 50 people?”

“Well, I thought of a few more people I wanted to invite, so there should be around another 1o people coming.”  

“Okay.  So, I have to cook for 10 more people.  That shouldn’t be a big deal.  Oh.  I put together a wedding song playlist we can play on the computer during the party.  It’s a bunch of love songs I had on my iPod.  I just wanted something nice for the background to cover up any quiet moments.”

“That’s sweet of you.  When did you do that?”

“This morning.  It only took an hour or so.  If they like the music, I thought I’d burn it onto a CD and give it to them later.”

“That’s a great idea.  This party is really coming together.  Thank you so much for pulling all this together.  I don’t know what I’d do without you.”

“Not at all.  I’m having fun doing it and it’s not that big of a deal.”

“Well, you are sweet anyway.  I love you.”  Emma said kissing me gently.

The party went off exactly as planned and everything was great.  The cake was beautiful, the decorations were beautiful, the food was great, the music was great, and everyone seemed to have a great time.  We pulled together a pretty damn good party in just a few days.  The only thing that sucked was my toast.

I spent a few days writing down ideas, re-writing the language, and constructing the perfect toast.  It was succinct, touching, and perfect.  I practiced it a few times sitting on the couch and I had it down pat.  I wasn’t worried one iota and I was so excited to make that toast.

Only problems was, I had developed a fear of public speaking over the past 3-4 years.  It came out of nowhere and it was getting worse.  I used to be able to speak in front of hundreds of people without a problem or a second thought.  Then, for some still-unknown reason, I started to have progressively worse panic attacks when I had to speak on front of a crowd.  At first, I just got a little short of breath but was able to talk myself through it.  Then came the racing heart, the shaking hands, the shaky voice, and the inability to breathe as I spoke.  By the time this party came around, I pretty much shit myself when I began to speak in front of an audience.  

This was foremost on my mind the day of the party, but I did not feel any anxiety when I thought of giving the toast.  I was comfortable with my speech and I was comfortable with the people who would be there.  There was no reason for me to stress and I was absolutely fine… until I started to speak.  

I got the first 1.5 sentences out just fine and thought I had it made.  Then, the panic attack punched me in the throat and bent me over.  All the symptoms hit me at once and I somehow found a way to read the speech from the printed version I had with me just in case.  I stumble-fucked my way through it and finished with an inglorious grace that embarrassed me as much as it pissed me off.  As soon as I finished the toast, all of my panic attack symptoms dissipated and I returned to “normal” within minutes.  

I was so pissed.  How could I have a panic attack over such a simple and quick speech in front of people I knew??  I had given speeches a hundred times and never had a problem.  Now, all of a sudden, I can’t get up in front of a few people for a simple toast.  What the fuck?

But, the people there were gracious and no one let on that they saw my freak-out.  At least I was spared the humiliation of their pity.

That was the party and we pulled it off like a madman.  I am so glad we were able to do that for Chris and Marisol.  They are such great people and I know they will be happy.  Of course I’m just the stepdad, but I love Chris more than I could have ever imagined and I am so proud of him.  He is a truly special person and I am glad to be a part of his life.  He is happy and he has a great wife, which makes me incredibly happy.  

I am slowly getting to know Marisol better and I love her more every day.  She fits perfectly into the family and she feels like a step-daughter-in-law in all the best ways.  She is a great girl and I know she will be a great mom.

Now, if they can just keep Spider from biting their kid’s head off, they should be fine.  

Sorry.  Couldn’t resist. 


Chapter Twenty One


A few weeks after the wedding party at our house, Chris and Marisol had a cook-out with their friends to celebrate their wedding.  Emma and I were not invited as it was just their 20-something friends getting together and sharing a good buzz, but we did hear about some of the highlights a few days afterwards.  It was a razor sharp contrast to the party we threw for them and unfortunately, none of the shitty details surprised Emma and me.  Again, I wasn’t there, but I think I have pieced together a reasonable facsimile of what transpired.   

Everything went fine in the beginning.  People were eating the burgers and dogs to lay the base for the alcohol consumption, the beer was flowing from the tap, shots were ceremoniously thrown down, the mood was casual, and people were getting greased up for a great night.  Nothing too unusual.  It sounded like any party attended by a bunch of young adults who liked to get a little crazy every once in a while.  

Marisol was having fun, but she felt the restrained annoyance of anyone sober and/or she was flying high on pregnant-lady hormones at a party full of buzzed people.  It was annoying to not be able to drink a few beers in celebration of her recent marriage, but it did wasn’t a huge deal.  As long as there weren’t any slobbering idiots breathing in her face telling her how much it must suck to not be able to drink, she would be fine.  She had several months of practice having a good time around drunk people and this kind of shit didn’t bother her.  She is laid back enough to handle almost anything that comes her way and this was pretty minor on the annoyance-scale.

I have only known Marisol for less than a year, but I already like her a lot.  I am really glad she married Chris.  I am so glad he didn’t end up with one of the slutty, obnoxious, brainless, spoiled, bitchy girls that roam the streets of every town.  He found one of the good ones and I think Marisol is definitely the best of the girls Chris has brought around.  I’m sure she has her flaws like we all do, but I haven’t picked up on any of them.  She is mellow, kind, loving, fun, and all the other adjectives that describe a girl you would want your son to marry.  

Marisol will be a fierce mother and she will not stand for any dumbfuckery that threatens the safety of her child.  I am pretty sure she will still party a bit, but I believe she will give up whatever needs to be given up in order to be a great mother.  I respect the hell out of her for that.  Chris and Marisol are both great people and they will face all of the challenges every married couple face.  It’s just that sometimes I worry.  I’m sure you can see why when you reflect back to Emma’s first marriage with the example and genes passed along to Chris.  

Okay.  Deep breath.  Back to the party.

When Ted staggered through the door with his girlfriend in tow, you could almost hear the needle scratch off of the record and the room go silent.  I’m not sure how Ted heard about the party, but he thought it would be a wonderful idea to show up uninvited and join in the debaucheries as a seasoned veteran to show these kids how to party.  I guess it should have surprised no one that Ted showed up.  He had a habit of inserting himself in his kids’ lives as if he were one of their buddies with the license to expect inclusion in everything they do.  When friends have a party, there isn’t much of a need for an invitation.  You just assume if your friend is having a party, you will attend.  You do everything together and a party is just one of those things.  I’m not even sure if Ted thinks of himself as their parent anymore.  I’m not sure why he would.  He has made it very clear that they are the Jenkins Boys and they are all BFF’s.  At some point, all of the kids have told us that their dad is their best friend, usually in the throes of a vicious attack on Emma.  But, I believe they believe it to some degree, so the feeling is at least somewhat mutual.

If you are a teenager looking to be irresponsible and you have a dad who let’s you do whatever the hell you want, and even participates in your delinquency, it is predictable that idiot will become your best friend.  He can get you beer, he can afford to score bags of weed at all times, he can drive you to and from the parties, he will cover for you when you need to lie, and he has enough money to float you petty cash every day.  To an irresponsible kid, Ted rocks the house, Dog.

But, Chris and Marisol were no longer irresponsible kids.  They were married and about to have a kid.  They wanted and needed time alone.  They wanted and needed a life that did not include Ted.  They didn’t want to get fucked up all the time any more.  It was no longer acceptable to Marisol for Ted to call Chris in the middle of the night to come out and party.  Above all else, it was time to grow up and do the right thing for the baby and the marriage.  Smoking dope and pounding beers with your dad in his basement apartment at 2am on a Tuesday is fucked up not matter what, but if you are 24 years-old and married with a baby on the way, it is inexcusable.  Marisol knew this and wanted no part of it.  Chris knew it and was making an effort to pull away from it.  Chris knew better, so you can not absolve him of all the guilt you may want to divert towards Ted.  But Ted vacillates between persuasive and coercive when it comes to partying with his kids.  Ted takes it as a personal insult if the kids just say no to Ted.  He covets and smothers the kids like a psycho girlfriend and he would fall apart if/when the kids decide their family is more important than partying with pops.  

At some point in most people’s lives, the old guy who still parties like a belligerent teenager becomes pathetic and you don’t want to be associated with him.  I imagine it is particularly embarrassing when the pathetic old dude at the party is your father and you start getting the uncomfortable “what’s the deal with that guy” stares from your friends.  That concept is way beyond Ted’s comprehension and he has no shame, so you can see why it did not surprise anyone that he showed up.

Ted usually kept his shit together when he was drunk, but this time he was hammered beyond even his ability to act sober.  He walked into the party like he was P Diddy strutting into a launch party for his new album and owning the room with derisive nonchalance.  The blurry bravado and the look of a guy who was barely there was enough to disconcert the room in an instant and make Marisol incredibly uncomfortable.  Chris acted like Ted showing up was expected and not a problem in the least by hugging Ted and asking if he wanted a beer while steering him towards the kitchen.  The other guests may have wondered what the fuck Ted was doing there, but they had partied with Ted before, so it wasn’t completely bizarre to see him there.    

Ted did not waste much time in exacerbating the situation by opening his mouth.  He cornered Marisol in a conversation and told her that he was worried about Spider killing the baby.  He said that you can never trust a Pit Bull no matter how well-trained they are and there is always the chance they will bite the baby’s head off either accidentally or purposely.  He said that Marisol needed to keep Spider as far away from the baby as possible or something horrible might happen.  

Then, Ted revisited his wedding advice to Marisol by telling her to not put up with Chris if he hits her.  He again told her that Chris inherited his temper and that he can lose his shit pretty easily.  He then made it clear for the record that he never hit Emma, although he did admit he did not always treat her very well.  Ted capped the conversation by offering his help if Chris ever hit her.  “If he ever hits you, come tell me and I’ll set him straight.”  Ted said without a trace of irony.  It was pretty much the same speech he gave Marisol at the wedding, but apparently it was important enough to repeat at the party.

Now Marisol was embarrassed that Ted was there at all, drunk at their party, drunk in front of their friends, and scaring the shit out of her about the dog eating their baby and Chris beating the shit out of her.  

Wonderful.  

Ted definitely knows how to make an impact.  

I’m not sure how long Ted was there before his girlfriend slipped out the door, but it was probably very shortly after she realized how inappropriate it was for her and Ted to be there.  Ted, on the other hand, thought there was absolutely no reason at all to leave the kids to their party and say good-night.  He did not feel the chasm the guests most likely felt between them and he believed he fit in with the crowd right nicely.  He was one of them and they enjoyed partying with the old dude.  So Ted hunkered down and kept partying.

Then Ted got that “the room is spinning and I’m trying to play it cool” look in his eyes.  He slurred a little more, staggered a bit more, swayed a bit more, and blurred his vision a little more on his way to an alcohol-poisoned demise at the helm of the porcelain bus.  

As it turns out, Bob and Holly were also there to help the newlyweds celebrate.  

When the world started to collapse around Ted’s alcohol and drug soaked brain, it was up to Chris and Bob to take care of him.  I’m sure you can imagine the scene quite clearly.  Getting drunk and sick at a party is not unusual, so just insert the memory of yourself in the same situation.  Although, I’m not sure if you can because if you were that drunk I don’t think you would be able to remember it.  Anyway, just do your best with the fractions of memories you still have intact.    

Ted lost most of the motor skills and ambulatory dexterity to walk his own way to the bathroom so he hung is arms over Chris and Bob’s shoulders as they assisted the wounded soldier through the party to the triage by the toilet.  The kids helped their father position himself over the toilet and secure his preparatory all-fours stance just as the vomit ejaculated all over the rim of the toilet and into the watery center.  Ted conducted himself with all the grace of anyone vociferously puking their guts out while the rest of the guests tried to act like nothing was going on.  He was a disastrous mess and probably one drink short of shitting himself.  

Whatever Ted was doing and/or saying during all of this was so horrifically embarrassing that Bob said to Chris, “Now do you see why mom left him?”  

Can you imagine being married to this guy?  Can you imagine your husband being a 50 year-old drunk who completely loses control of himself while the other guests are casually enjoying a few drinks?  Can you imagine having to take care of your dumb-fuck husband falling to pieces in the most embarrassingly public places?  Can you imagine this guy being your father??

By now, I think you can.

The kids and Marisol unsuccessfully tried to hide their humiliation of/for/because of Ted while they cleaned him up and prepared to get him the hell out of there.  It was Chris and Marisol’s party, so Bob was elected to drive Ted home and get him into bed.  Chris and Bob carried Ted to Bob’s car and deposited him in the passenger seat like a smashed bag of potatoes and Bob took him home.  

That was Chris and Marisol’s wedding party with their friends and Ted.      

You would think something like that would embarrass the hell out of Ted and he would not even think about partying with his kids again.  That’s what most people would think who never met Ted.  But, this was Ted and he did not give up because of one minor, harmless incident.  It was an innocent party foul and all would be forgiven, right?  No need to make any changes because of it, right?  No reason he and the kids couldn’t continue partying together, right?  

If you are Ted, you move on and keep doing the same things to yourself and your kids.  

No harm, no foul, right?    

From what I can ascertain from her words and reactions, I believe Marisol has had enough of the bullshit.  I don’t think she dislikes Ted, but I don’t think she wants him around all that much.  I gotta believe she doesn’t want Ted around the baby when it gets here, and I’m pretty sure she doesn’t want Ted around in any other circumstance unless it is unavoidable.  Or, maybe that is just me projecting my feelings on to her.  Maybe she’s cool with Ted and maybe I should just shut the fuck up.  

Whether she likes it or not, Ted is a part of her life.  Even if she does have a problem with Ted, she will never show or tell him that she is uncomfortable around him because Marisol is too kind to do otherwise.  Marisol has shared a lot of what we now know about Ted and his antics around them because she is worried about her child and her marriage, but she will not openly share any disdain for Ted.  She talks about the shit Ted does and leaves it at that.  That is one of the reasons I like her so much.  As much as we could commiserate about Ted being a complete fuck up and a horrible influence, he is still Chris’ dad and I know she does not want to be on Ted’s bad side.  

But, Ted is making that more and more difficult.  He still calls Chris late at night and convinces him to come down to his apartment to smoke pot while Marisol sits at home, pregnant with their child.  You can blame Ted for being a dumb ass, but you also have to wonder what the fuck Chris is thinking.  Surely he knows what a bad idea that is.  Surely he knows that Ted is getting between him and Marisol.  Surely he knows that she probably feels like Ted and partying are more important to him than she is.  Surely he knows that when the baby arrives, Marisol will start losing her mind all over Chris if he continues to pull that shit on her.  Surely he knows that if he continues to lie about smoking dope with Ted in his apartment, Marisol will no longer trust him.  Surely he knows that he is creating momentum for a shit storm that will collapse his marriage and family.  Surely he knows he is risking everything in order to get high with his dad.  

Surely he knows all of this.

The only question now is, what will Chris do about it?  Will he man-up and tell his dad he can’t come out and play?  Will he tell his dad that his family is more important than partying with his dad?  Will he put his family ahead of everything in every circumstance?  Will he be a good father?  Will he have the chance to be a good father or will Marisol leave him?  Will he make the choice to throw it all away for his dad and partying?  

I hope this is just histrionics on my part.  

Chris is a great guy and a great dad.  He will navigate his way through this and they will be fine.  


Chapter Twenty Two

At 5:40pm on May 15, 2010 an 8.1 ounce, 20” Erin Samantha Jenkins was born.  It was the same experience for us as it is for every other person in the world.  It was miraculous, emotional, mind-blowing, and it was life-changing.  

There was drama leading up to the birth and it was all bullshit.  Ted made it very clear to Chris that he did not want me anywhere near the hospital on the day Marisol gave birth to Erin.  He did and said the exact things as before the wedding that prevented me sharing Chris and Marisol’s matrimony.  But, things were a little different on this occasion.  Both Chris and Marisol wanted me there and they were both sick of Ted’s insanity affecting their daily lives and the most important events of their lives.  They knew how wrong it was for Ted to expect everyone to adjust their lives to avoid his meltdown.  They did not share Ted’s hatred towards Emma and me, and they wanted us to share the milestones of their lives.  Chris and Marisol love us both and the time was quickly arriving when they would have to make a critical decision about how they dealt with Ted.  

Marisol did not have any real connection or history with Ted so she felt no particular loyalty to him other than the fact that he is Chris’ father.  Marisol had to make concessions to Chris out of respect for his father, but that fuse was burning fast and short.  Marisol saw the damage Ted had done and continued to do to his kids.  She saw the damage Ted had caused between her and Chris.  And, most importantly, she realized that she had to do something to change the trajectory of his impact on her marriage and Chris’ behavior.  

Ted is like your kid’s idiot best friend who is constantly doing irresponsible and dangerous things, and you can not get your kid to stop hanging out with him and getting in trouble with him.  Your kid loves his best friend and thinks the world would end if they could not be friends with them.  Your kid would choose his best friend over you every day of the week and there is nothing you can do to change that.  You can not force your kid to realize their best friend is the last person in the world they should be hanging out with.  And you can certainly not force your kid to realize they are fucking up their lives by associating with their best friend.  An attack on the best friend is an attack on your kid, and your kid will treat it as such.  The more you try to squash that friendship the more they will coalesce against you and do worse shit just to smear it all over your face.  

We all know we can not force the kids to face the facts about their father and think differently of him.  And, we all know they will never walk away from him.  The best we can do is live our lives in complete contrast to Ted and hope the kids realize they do not want to mimic his life and his decisions.  To some degree, that strategy has worked.  I think all of the kids realize their dad is a fuck-up, but they refuse to hold him accountable for what he does and how he treats people.  Just like with a best friend, they just say that is the way he is and they accept him for all his faults.  He is their dad and they will always be there for him, to save him or to comfort him when he pulls an idiot move.  

The bullshit with Ted started several weeks before Marisol was due.  We heard about it from Marisol who heard it from Chris.  When the reality of Erin being born was coming close enough to start making plans, Ted included his threats in every conversation with Chris.  Conversations about Erin were not about how wonderful and miraculous the experience would be.  Those conversations were about Ted and his ultimatums to coerce Chris into excluding me from the experience.  Ted would rather taint the experience for Chris and Marisol than set aside his anger for one day.  

Emma and I stupidly spent every day of the weeks leading up to Erin’s arrival talking about how we were going to deal with Ted and Chris when Marisol went into labor.  Of course it was pointless but we fell into Ted’s trap and wasted hundreds of hours brainstorming and complaining.  There was nothing we could do to stop Ted from laying down threats and there was nothing we could do to force Chris to do the right thing.  In our minds, our only hope was Marisol forcing Chris to do the right thing or Chris realizing he needed to do the right thing.  In this situation, Marisol held the Trump Card and we believed she was strong enough to use it if she had to.  Marisol knew exactly who she wanted at the hospital and in the delivery room, and I doubt there was anyone brave enough to challenge a determined pregnant woman.  

Ted’s bullshit even managed to infect my relationship with Emma.  Not long after we found out Marisol was pregnant, Emma told me that if Chris told her I could not be at the hospital for the delivery she would not go either.  She told me she would tell Chris how wrong it is to let his dad’s anger poison their beautiful moment and that she would stand behind her husband and not be at the hospital either.  When Emma told me that she would stand by me instead of caving into Ted’s threat, I fell in love with her all over again.  That was one of those pivotal moments in your marriage when your spouse does something so spectacularly moving that it blows you away and sends you into outer space.  It meant the world to me that Emma would stand behind me and miss the birth of her granddaughter to prove a point.  

Two weeks before Erin was born, that moment was retroactively massacred.

“I talked to Chris this afternoon and he told me Ted does not want you at the hospital when Erin is born.”  Emma said.

“Well, we all expected that.  How did you respond when Chris told you that?”  I asked.

“I told him that it was wrong for his dad to do that to him and that I would be there anyway.”

“What!!  What did you just say??”

“I said I told Chris I would be there anyway.  I am not going to miss Erin being born just because Ted doesn’t want you there.”

“Wait a minute.  You told me a few months ago that you would not go to the hospital if I couldn’t be there too.  Now you are telling me you are going anyway.  What the fuck?”

“I never said that, Jack.”  Emma said, searching the ceiling for a clear memory of that conversation.

“Yes you did.  You made it very clear that you would not go to the hospital if I couldn’t go.  You said those exact words and now you are telling me you never said it.  That’s fucked up.”

“Jack, I honestly don’t remember saying that.  There is no way I would ever miss being at the hospital for Chris and Marisol.  It would kill me if I missed that.  You know how much it tore me apart that my mom wasn’t at the hospital when Bob was born and when I was bedridden and dangerously sick when I was pregnant with Pete.  There is no way I would ever not be there for Chris.”

“So you lied to me.”

“No, I didn’t lie to you.  I don’t even remember saying that to you.”

“That was a huge thing for you to say.  How in the hell could you not remember saying it?”

“I don’t know.  I just don’t remember saying it.”

“How convenient.  So now you are going back on your word by giving in to Ted again and going without me?  I don’t think you could do anything worse than what you are doing you are right now.”

“Who said anything about you not going?  I just assumed we would both go.  I don’t care what the hell Ted thinks or what he does.  I am not going to let him ruin this for us.”

“Oh, now he is ruining it for ‘us’.  All you seem to care about is ‘you’.”

“That is so unfair.  You know I want you there.”

“Yeah, but you would go without me if it came down to that.”

“Jack, I am not going to miss this and I can’t believe you are coming down on me so hard for wanting to be there for Chris.”

“Why do you think I wouldn’t be pissed about you lying to me and screwing me over?  We had this conversation months ago and you made it perfectly clear that you would not let Ted get away with keeping me away from the hospital.  You said that you would not go to the hospital if I could not go.  I would never do this to you, especially not twice.  You went to Chris’ wedding without me and now you are going to back-door me again by going to the hospital without me.  I told you to go to the wedding without me because you were not strong enough to tell Chris you would not go anywhere I was not welcome.   I didn’t have a problem with that and I did it gladly because I just wanted you to be happy.  But, I would never go anywhere you were not welcome.  If my brother invited me to his wedding but said he hated you and didn’t want you there, I would never go to his wedding.  That would make me a shitty person if I did that to you.  But, somehow, you think it is okay for you to do it to me.”

Emma started crying just enough to change the tone of the conversation.

“Please stop being so mean to me.  I really don’t remember saying that to you.  If I said it, I apologize for forgetting about it.  I know how important that kind of a statement would be to you.”  Emma said.  “I just assumed you would come with me to the hospital no matter what Ted did or said to Chris.  What better way to send a ‘fuck you’ message to Ted than for you to show up despite his threats?  I don’t want Ted to affect our lives anymore either, but I think it would be worse if we both didn’t show up.  If neither of us went, that would be even more of a victory for him.  Plus, Marisol’s whole family will be there, so I don’t think Ted would dare to do anything in front of them.”

“What makes you think he wouldn’t do anything??  That guy is nuts and there is no telling what he would do.  And, you won’t have to deal with any of it because you will be in the delivery room so what the hell do you care?  I’m not worried about him hurting me.  I just know that if he starts something, I will be embarrassed and I will be the one asked to leave the hospital.”

“I just don’t think that will happen.  You know how important it is to him to keep up his public appearance of being a good guy or at least the victim.  If he starts trouble, everyone would see him for what he is.  I just don’t think there is anything to worry about.”

“It sounds like that is just your bullshit justification for doing what you want to do.  I don’t think you care about anything beyond being at the hospital with Chris and Marisol.  You know, it cuts me to the core to know you blew off your promise to me and you had no intention of standing by me and doing the right thing.”

“I already apologized for forgetting I said that.  What else do you want from me?”

“It shouldn’t matter whether or not you remember saying it.  That should be your attitude and your commitment no matter what.  Our marriage should be the most important thing to you.  I just can’t believe I have been relegated to Plan B status as a compensatory measure.  I don’t think you really care if I am there or not.  I think it’s just easy for you to say that we will go together regardless of Ted’s reaction.  You have nothing to lose and you don’t have to stand up for anything.  I’m just really disappointed in you right now.”

“I can’t believe you are talking to me like that.  You know you are the most important person in my life and our marriage is the most important thing in my life.  I can’t understand why you are treating me like this because I want to see my grandbaby born.”  

“Don’t try to pull that on me.  This is not about me trying to stop you from seeing Erin born.  This is about you standing behind me and putting me ahead of everything else, just like I do for you.  I told you before we got married how important it is to me for you to be there for me when it counts.  And, the few times you have had the opportunity to prove it to me, you failed.  You completely forgot about me when it truly meant something.  That’s what hurts.  I wish you would be there for me when it is not easy to do it.”

“So you want me to not go to the hospital?”

“Don’t put this back on me like I’m the asshole here.  You do what you want.  I am not going to force you to keep your promise or do what I think is the right thing.”

“Can’t you just come to the hospital with me?  Don’t you agree it is the best way to handle this?  We get what we want and we don’t let Ted ruin this for us.”

“Like he did for Chris and Marisol’s wedding, you mean?”

“Exactly.  I wanted you there, but Chris didn’t want to confront his dad and force him to suck it up and be a man about it.”

Apparently Emma missed the incision laced with sarcasm I intended.

“Whatever.”

“What do you mean ‘whatever’?”  Emma asked.

“Do whatever you want.  It’s not like I can compel you to do otherwise anyway.”

There were a few more cross words exchanged, but that was essentially the conversation.  I ended up apologizing for coming down so hard on her even though I didn’t think I was out of line at all, and she reiterated her apology for forgetting about her promise.  No matter who is wrong or how hurt I am, it is always up to me to make things right between us.  If she is completely in the wrong, she will apologize once and ignore the situation and/or me until I go back to acting “normal” again.  She doesn’t see the need to exert any effort to make things right and that is just something I have to accept about her.  That is in no way a judgment of her love and commitment to me.  It is merely a difference in how to handle conflict and the aftermath of the conflict.  So, I let it go and I agreed to her plan.  

Me going to the hospital regardless of Ted’s threats was the best way to handle it.  Emma was right in that regard.  But, it did not ameliorate the sting of Emma forgetting her promise to stand by me above all else.  I don’t know if I overreacted to that sting, but will always believe she failed to do the right thing when it mattered most.

But, I’m not a woman, so I don’t hold a grudge about it and I don’t punish her for it.  I let it go and I moved on without a trace of bitterness.  I love her much more than the sting of that one incident.    

At 12:50am on May 15, Chris’ phone call interrupted our Scrabble Challenge to tell us Marisol was going into labor and they were on the way to the hospital.  At 4am, he called again to tell us they were staying at the hospital and the birth was imminent.  At 6:30am, he called to tell us that Marisol’s water had begun to break.  We were at the hospital by 7am.

Marisol’s mother and stepfather were already there and had settled in for the long haul.  This was my first birth and first exposure to the circus around having a baby.  It was a lot of waiting, hanging out, pretending everything was normal, asking how Marisol was doing, asking if we could get her anything, passing time the best we could, and scrutinizing every move and sound she made.  

I told Marisol a few weeks earlier that she would be crazy to not take the Demerol if they offered it.  I could not comprehend why anyone would endure the pain of childbirth if they could mitigate it with a quick injection.  You are not a hero if you endure a natural childbirth and no one really gives a shit either way.  Yes, you are more in tune with the process without the drugs, but so what??  Who wants to pass a watermelon through their hoo-ha without a pain killer??  There have been a few times when I wanted a Demerol just dropping a deuce.  I can’t imagine the pain of giving birth and I don’t see why any woman should decline a pain killer when it has no effect on the health of the baby.  You are still awake and coherent on Demerol, so you don’t miss anything and there is no real benefit of doing without it.  But, Marisol wanted to see if she could make it through without the Demerol, for some reason.  She was a first-time mother, so I can’t fault her for not knowing what she didn’t know.  She would have to figure it out on her own.

By noon she was on the Demerol train.  

She had heard a Wives’ Tale about Demerol slowing down the birthing process and she believed it until the nurse disabused her of that bullshit story a few hours into the labor.  Before the Demerol, the pain was HUGE and she abandoned the idea of being a hero as soon as the labor pains peaked and she came around to the benefits of modern medicine.  She was now on a relatively painless path to giving birth and it was time I vacated the delivery room.  The delivery room was for the girls and the husband only, so I slipped out with Marisol’s stepfather as soon as we saw the look that said all we needed to know.  The nurses were getting ready to prop up her legs in the stirrups and I did NOT want to have a Knocked Up moment, staring into Marisol’s lady parts.  My place was in the waiting room with all the other males.

About 4pm, I saw Ted walk around the corner with Pete, Bob, and Holly.  It was one of those moments when two people peripherally catch each other’s eye and pretend they didn’t.  I think everyone noticed each other and we all tacitly agreed to avoid publicly acknowledging each other.  As they walked by the waiting room, I exchanged a direct look with Pete and surreptitiously nodded “hey” to each other on their way toward the delivery room.  I knew none of them would be admitted into the delivery room, but I did not know where they would all sit and wait.  I wondered if a confrontation and an ugly scene was imminent, but did not dwell on it too much.  If Ted wanted to start something, I would not participate.  My strategy was to ignore him no matter what he did or said.  If necessary, I would let him hit me without any retaliation.  If he wanted to ruin this day, he would have to do it on his own.  To this day, I have no idea where they stayed.  I think there was a second waiting room somewhere on the floor, so I can only assume that is where they were for the hour and a half until Erin was born.  I am sure he vomited all kinds of threats and insults at me through the kids but, to his credit or his cowardice, he never started anything.

At 5:50pm, Chris came into my waiting room and told me, Marisol’s dad, and stepfather that the baby was born and he was a father.  Chris can be a very emotional guy and he is not averse to crying when something emotional happens.  This was a very emotional moment and he had clearly been crying since the baby received her first spanking from the doctor.  The baby and Marisol were fine and they were ready to receive the men from the waiting room.  

We walked with Chris to the delivery room expecting it to be full of girls giggling and fawning over the baby.  It was full, but Ted, Pete, Bob, and Holly were also there.  I pretended none of them were there and walked straight over to Marisol and Erin.  Sometimes it is better to ignore the 130-pound gorilla in the room.

Emma came to my side and we stared at Erin like she was Baby Jesus.  What a great moment.  Emma had baby fever for the previous six months and I thought I saw her breasts lactating and gravitating towards Erin.  Emma was on another planet and completely engrossed in the spectacle of her new grandbaby.  We did exactly what we would have done if no one else was in the room and nothing ruined anything for us.  I picked up the camera and started taking redundant pictures of Marisol, Erin, and Chris from every angle, hoping to catch that perfect picture of this experience.  I did not want to risk missing any of Erin’s first burps, screams, yawns, stretches, or whatever else she would do in the first few minutes of her life.  I took pictures of everyone who took a turn holding her.  I took panoramic pictures of the room.  I took pictures of the nurses.  I took pictures of everything.  

Then, Marisol’s stepfather handed the baby to Ted.  I hesitated not one moment nor considered any other option than taking a photo of Ted holding Erin for the first time.  He held the baby between his forearms in front of him and gazed with wonderment of the miracle in his arms.  I captured that image for all the right reasons and I am glad I did.  It was the right thing to do and it had nothing to do with me.  I was just the guy with the camera in front of them.  

We passed the next 20 minutes exactly how you would expect us.  The baby, the mother, and the father were the center of attention and everyone consumed the experience with vigor and elation.  I had never been anywhere near a birth or a newborn and that was one of the most special moments of my life.  It was incomparable and mystical, as it was my only experience with anything like it.  I could not have been happier to be anywhere in the world at that time with the people I love.

Now, it was time to exit the room and give Marisol some time to rest and recover in peace.  Everyone made the motions to pack up and leave while I was struck with the question in my head how we were going to exit the room.  Ted was still there with the kids and it would be nearly impossible to pass by them without something being said or done.

I feigned occupation with all of the stuff I was carrying and made my way toward the door.  Emma lagged behind and made her way to the door a few seconds behind me.  On her way there, she hugged Pete and Bob, told them she loved them and said good-bye.  Then, instead of ignoring Ted as I did, she made eye contact with him and paused.  I felt the earth vibrate and the clouds start to gather over the hospital to punctuate the situation.  Something was going to happen but it did not feel like something bad would happen.  There was a propitious vibe in the air and I expected something unexpected.

I stood by the door and watched Ted awkwardly extend his hand to Emma then change to an obsequious hug and say “Congratulations Emma”, and demurely back away with his eyes on the ground.  As I watched Emma and Ted separate I watched Ted’s eyes navigate to mine and lock for an instant.  There was kindness and humility in his eyes.  There was an awareness of the enormity of this moment.  There was a Ted I had never seen before and never expected to see.  Then Ted moved towards me with his hand extended as I moved towards him with my hand extended.  We looked each other in the eye with slight smiles on our faces and congratulated each other then backed away.  It was spontaneously surreal and I think we both understood the magnitude of that gesture for both of us.  

Fuck that was trippy.  

And, wow, that was a perfect day.    

  
Chapter Twenty-Three

“Wake up sweetie.  You have to be at the dentist at 8 o’clock.  You have about a half hour to get ready, so get up and get going.”  Emma said to Pete.

Pete barely moved and said, “I’m not going.  I’m tired and I don’t feel like it.”

“Pete, you have to get up.  You already missed one appointment because you didn’t feel like going.  Get up and get ready.”

“Why did you schedule the appointment so early??”  Pete grumbled angrily.  “Why didn’t you make it for later in the afternoon?”

“Because you have missed a lot of school and your grades have been slipping all semester.  You can’t afford to miss any more school, so get up.”

“I’m not going.”

“If you don’t get up right now, you will be grounded this weekend.  Get up.”

“I don’t care.  I’m not going.”

“Fine.  You are grounded this weekend and you won’t be seeing your friends.”

“That’s bullshit!  You can’t do that and you can’t stop me from seeing my friends.”

“Well, you should have thought of that before you decided to not get up.  There are consequences to your actions and you are grounded.”

“I hate you!  You aren’t my mother and I can’t stand you.  I’m just going to call you Emma because you aren’t my mother.  I wish I could go live with dad.  I hate living here and I hate you both.  All you do is make me miserable.  You don’t let me do anything and you punish me for the stupidest things.  Get out of here and leave me alone.”

The best thing to do in that situation is to just walk away, so Emma turned around without a word and walked downstairs.  There is no arguing or reasoning with Pete when he starts acting crazy so Emma defused the situation the best she could.  He is so much like his dad in some ways, it is unnerving.  

“What was all that about?”  I asked from the couch.

“Pete refused to get up for his dentist appointment and now he is upset because I grounded him for the weekend.” 

“Why is he being such a dick?”

“I don’t know.  He just hates to be told what to do.”   

Bang!  Slam!  Crash!  Scream!

“What the hell is that??”  I asked Emma.

“Like I said, Pete is upset that he is grounded and he is blowing off steam.”

“It sounds like he is breaking things.”

“I know.  He is acting like such a brat.  If he comes down in the next 20 minutes, go ahead and take him to the dentist.  Otherwise, just take him to school when it is time.”

“Okay.”

“Well, I have to get to work.  I’ll call you later.  I love you.”

“I love you too.  Have a great day.”

Emma left and Pete continued making a racquet upstairs for a while.  Part of me wanted to go upstairs and tell him to calm down.  The other part of me wanted to give him time to calm down and get a grip.  I opted for the latter.  

When it was time to take Pete to school, I went upstairs to make sure he was ready.  I knocked on the door and walked in, expecting him to be dressed and angry.  He was still in bed and there were four fist-sized holes in the wall above his bed.  That little fucker had punched holes in the wall because he was grounded for the weekend because he refused to get up an hour early.  

The blood boiled in my brain and the adrenaline pounded erratic rhythms in my heart.  I stopped, took a deep breath, calmed myself to a reasonable point and said, “What are you going to do about these holes in the wall?”

He ignored me.

I paused.

I moved closer to him next to the bed and said, “Don’t you ever fucking punch holes in the wall again.  You got me?”

He ignored me and I walked out of the room.  Unfortunately, I lacked the awareness or control to not close the door as quickly as I walked out of the room and the door verged on slamming shut.  As the door kind of slammed shut, I wished I had just closed the door because I did not want to come across as angry or out of control.  Slamming a door is not a big deal, but it is one thing that could be construed to mean it is normal or acceptable to lose your shit when you are upset.  And, that is what Ted and the Jenkins Boys do when they are mad.  

So much for being perfect.

Pete came down twenty minutes later, said nothing, and walked out to the car for me to take him to school.  I said nothing back and got in the car, still smoldering from Pete’s fuck-you attitude.  I drove through the neighborhood thinking of what I would say to him, if anything.  I couldn’t say nothing, so I had to come up with something valuable and productive to say.  I decided to wait a few minutes for him to apologize then say something if he did not apologize.  If he apologized, I would have found my way to letting this blow over as no big deal.  If he did not apologize, then he was either chicken shit or he was an asshole.  Either of those options were not options to me.  He needed to own up to it, accept responsibility, and apologize.  

He did not apologize.  

Almost five minutes passed before I said, “So, are you going to apologize for what you did?”

Pete said nothing.

I started to demand an apology from Pete, but I did not want a forced apology and I didn’t want to give him another reason to dig in his heels by refusing to apologize.  

“So, you think it is okay to treat people like shit if you things don’t go your way or you don’t get what you want?  You start acting like a maniac just because you don’t want to get up an hour early for a dentist appointment and you think there is nothing wrong with that?  Is that how you are going to treat your wife?  When you get married and you have a disagreement, are you going to throw shit around the room and say hateful things to your wife?  Do you think that is the way people should be treated?  What makes you think that is okay?  And, for some reason, you don’t think you need to apologize for the mistakes you make.  You think you should be able to do whatever you want and everyone else can just go to hell.  You need to start acting like a man and start growing up.  This is not how a man acts.  You need to treat people with respect and kindness, not shit all over them when they tell you things you don’t want to hear.  Your family needs to be able to count on you when things go wrong.  Shitty things will happen to you for the rest of your life and there is nothing you can do to stop it.  Men do not fall apart and act like a maniac when things go wrong.  When things go wrong, you need to be the one who stands up and takes care of things and takes care of the people you love.  I’m only telling you this because I love you and I hate seeing you throw it all away because you think the rules don’t apply to you.  You think you can do whatever you want and everything will work out.  Well, I’m telling you, things will not work out for you if this is how you are going to treat people and this is how you are going to act.  In the next three to seven years, you will be on your own and paying your own bills.  We will not be there to save you every time you screw up when you decide to move out after high school or college.  Pretty soon, you will be living your own life and living with the consequences of your actions.  I am not going to be the one to suffer when you are 25 years-old working a bum job for shit pay, unable to pay your bills, and hooked on drugs.  You think drugs are fun and you will be fine.  If you keep doing what you are doing right now, you will be a burned-out bake head by the time you are 20.  You are smart as hell and you could be getting straight A’s if you tried even a little bit.  But, you think school doesn’t matter and everything will work out for you.  You think you can get high every day and shit all over the people who love you and take care of you.  If you ever grow up and if you ever become a man, you will have a lot to make up for.  You will realize how horribly you have treated your mom and you will live with a lot of regret about it.  I don’t want you to have to deal with that because that kind of regret weighs a thousand tons.   At least you will know that we love you no matter what you do and you don’t have to be afraid to face your mistakes.  And if you ever decide to make things right, we will be here to forgive you and move on.  I love you Pete, more than anything in this world and it tears me apart to see you throwing it all away.  I have been through a lot of bad shit in my life and if you ever want someone to talk to, I am always here.   I know all you want to do right now is tell me to go fuck myself, but that’s okay.  I will love you anyway.  I just want you to wake up and stop being so self-destructive and angry.  You are a great person Pete and you have the world by the balls if you would only put in some hard work.  I apologize if this came across as a little harsh, but you needed to hear this and I needed to say it.  If you hate me forever, I can’t stop you.  I only hope you can see how much I love you and that the things I said came from love.  Okay?”

No response beyond a few smeared and muted tears. 

We arrived at Pete’s school, I stopped the car, and he got out.

Pete never said a word to me but I was sure I had lost him forever.  I was sure this was all it would take for Pete to hate me forever.  I called him out on acting like a jerk and I made it clear I am not okay with everything he does.  Pete can not stand for anyone to tell him he has made a mistake or has done something wrong.  The only thing worse I could have done is narc on him to his mom about something he wanted to keep a secret.  Because of what I said, I was sure I had lost him forever.  

Pete did not say a word to me for three days.  We never made eye contact and we never said a word to each other.  I was not going to apologize for what I said and he was not going to apologize for what he did.  We were in a stand off for no good reason.  We were both being stubborn about it, but at least I intended to speak to him again and I didn’t harbor any ill will towards him.  To me, this was just a stare down and I could not blink first.  I was not going to let him see any weakness and I was not going to let him think he could get away with punching holes in the wall with impunity.  I wasn’t going to punish him psychologically, but I was patient enough to wait for him to come around.  If his dad was not going to set a good example or say anything to set him straight, I would have to be the one to do it.  His dad knew exactly what Pete was doing and how close he was to the edge of crashing, and his dad did nothing to stop him.  

The irony is, Pete now treats his dad almost as disrespectfully as he treats Emma.  Pete is no longer a blindly loyal kid who blindly loves and respects his dad.  Pete is out for himself and no one else.  Whoever gets in his way, Pete will treat them like shit.  Just today, Pete called his dad to see if he would pick him up after his therapy appointment.  Here is what I heard Pete say to his dad:

“Can you pick me up from the therapist at six o’clock?... I don’t want to hear you will try to pick me up.  I want you to tell me you will be there at six… Okay.  See you then…Bye.”    

I have heard one side of several conversations like that over the past year or so.  Pete may love his dad and want to live with him, but he does not seem to respect him at all.  Pete wants to live with Ted because Ted will let him do whatever he wants, not because he just loves spending time with Ted, like we thought.  Pete thinks he owns the world and acts like he is a rock star who deserves to be catered to by everyone.  

Yes, he is a fucking brat sometimes.  

Yes, he is a great person underneath it all.

Yes, I love him regardless of all the bullshit he piles on us sometimes.

Yes, I wish he would get his shit together and start acting like he cares about something or someone other than himself and smoking dope.  

Yes, he is a mostly typical teenager and yes, I am just venting.  It is just difficult to watch your kids make really stupid mistakes and horrible life choices.

As worried as I was about being dead to Pete, we did end up reconciling a few days later.  Emma and I were on our way to see Erin, Chris, and Marisol and we were dropping Pete off to hang with his dad.  He was grounded but we let him see his dad, mostly just to shut him up.  It does not take much tenure in the world of parenting to see how easily kids can wear down parents if they don’t have control over them.  Kids can be relentless and push your buttons and shred your resolve like no one else.  Most adults can just tell someone “no” and that is the end of it.  “No” means nothing to a kid.  Kids need to understand and agree with your reasons to do whatever you are trying to say “no” about.  If they don’t agree with your reasons, they will nag the shit out of you to either give them a better reason or change your mind.  If you don’t have the ability to ground them or threaten them with grounding, you are pretty much fucked.  If you have no Trump Card, you usually have nothing.  That is how it was with Pete as an early teenager.  He was like the worst nagging rag-ass wife I had ever come across.  He said a lot of things, but all I remember hearing out of his mouth was, “gimme, gimme, gimme” or “no, no, no”.  When he didn’t want anything or we weren’t stopping him from something, he was a great kid.  But those two conditions were a rarity.  

On the way to dropping off Pete, Emma said, 

“Pete, when you are able to have a calm conversation, we will talk about what happened the other day and what we are going to do about it.”

“I’m ready right now.  What do you want to say?”

“I want to tell you that the way you acted is unacceptable.  It is not okay to get angry, punch holes in the wall, and say hateful things just because you don’t get your way.  That is not how a man acts.  I’m tired of you disobeying me and I am tired of you disrespecting me.  Your grades are slipping and you don’t seem to care about anything beyond what you want.  Something is going to have to change.”

“Or what?”  Pete asked.

“We haven’t decided but we are reaching a breaking point.  If you can’t follow the few rules we have, you will lose the privilege of living in our house.”

“You mean I can go live with dad?”  Pete smiled enthusiastically.  

“No.  That is not an option.  You only want to live with your dad because he lets you do whatever you want and he never punishes you.  If you can’t learn to follow rules and treat people with respect, we will have to send you somewhere you don’t have a choice but to follow the rules and be respectful until you are eighteen.”

“Wait.  You are going to send me away because I didn’t want to go to the dentist??”

“No, Pete.  It is so much more than that and you know it.”

“What else is it?  I do whatever you want me to.  I follow your rules and all you do is punish me for stupid stuff.  All you do is make me miserable.  I can’t do anything I want to do.”

“You can’t be serious, Pete.  I hardly ever ask you to do anything and you give me grief for whatever I want you to do if it is not convenient for you.  And, when you don’t get what you want, you treat me like garbage.  The other morning is a perfect example.  You think it is okay to punch holes in the wall and lose your mind on me just because you had to get up an hour early.  What is that about?  All you had to do is get up and go to the dentist.  You were tired because you stayed up too late and you think the world has to adjust around you.  You are getting very disrespectful and you don’t listen to me when I try to hold you accountable.  If you won’t control yourself and if I can’t control you, we have no other option than to send you away until you are eighteen.”  

“Oh, so it’s okay for Jack to get angry with me and yell at me, but it’s not okay for me to get upset?”

“Whoa.  Wait a minute Pete.”  I interjected.  “Do you really think that is the same thing?  I was reacting to you losing your mind and destroying our property.  And I never lost my mind like you did.  I merely asked you what you were going to do about the wall and told you that I didn’t want you to ever punch holes in the wall again.”

“You yelled at me in my room and you slammed the door when you left.  Then you yelled at me again when we got in the car.  I didn’t know what you were going to do.  You have never been upset with me or yelled at me.  I was scared.”

My brain raced and nearly short-circuited with that statement.  I didn’t know if he was pulling a bullshit teenage misdirection or if he was serious.  So, I treated it like he was serious.

“Pete.”  Deep breath.  “I was not angry and I don’t think I yelled.  I may have used strong words, but I know I did not yell.  I was trying to make it very clear that what you did was unacceptable and that punching holes in the wall is not cool.  I apologize if I scared you, but that was not my intention.  My intention was to make it clear that kind of behavior is not acceptable and that I am worried about the choices you are making and the way you treat people when you get upset.  I said those things because I love you and because someone had to say them to you.  Then you tell your mother that you will hate me forever because of it.  That hurts like hell, Pete, but I am willing to accept that if you really feel that way because I know I did the right thing.  I will not apologize for what I said, but I certainly did not mean to scare you.”

“Well, I was scared.”

“That’s fine, Pete.  It doesn’t excuse your outburst, but it does explain the way you have been acting the past couple of days.”  I said.  “I’m glad you told me how you felt that day.  It helps me understand how I come across when I am speaking seriously and directly.  I don’t want you to be scared of me, but I do want you to understand where I am coming from.  I usually let you make your own choices and tell you if I think you are making a mistake.  You are responsible for your actions and it won’t be much longer before you are on your own and you won’t have your mom and me there to fix your mistakes.  Pretty soon someone else will be holding you accountable.  It will either be your boss, your professors, or the police but you can not live outside the rules without getting in trouble.  We are not trying to make you miserable.  We are trying to make you realize that you have to make some changes.  Otherwise, you will be in a lot more trouble than this.  Do you understand that?”

“Yes.”

“Jack is right, sweetie.  You have to start respecting people and following the basic rules in the world.  If you keep doing what you are doing, you will get yourself in a lot of trouble.  You are still young enough to rebound from most of your mistakes, but the time is coming when your mistakes will follow you around for the rest of your life.  We are just trying to prevent you from making mistakes that will cost you down the road.”

“I still don’t see why you are ready to send me away until I am eighteen.  I don’t see what I have done that is so terrible.  I may not want to follow all of your rules, but I don’t think I am anywhere near what Bob was doing before you sent him away.”

“That’s exactly what we are worried about.”  Emma said.  “We are seeing a lot of similarities between you and Bob when he was your age.  Bob was out of control, he was disrespectful, and he was deep into drugs.  You are pretty much doing the same thing right now.  You may not be as bad as Bob was but you are on your way, from what we are observing.  I’m just telling you that you need to straighten yourself up and start doing the right thing because we think you are way too close to out of control.  As soon as we think you are out of control and spiraling into self-destruction, we will not hesitate to send you away.”  

“I am not out of control.  I do whatever you want me to do most of the time.  You just have so many rules and you are always trying to stop me from doing what I want to do.  I hate people telling me what to do.  It really makes me angry when you tell me what to do.”

“Honey, that is life.  You will have people telling you what to do for the rest of your life.  If you don’t figure that out soon, you will find yourself in a lot of trouble wherever you go.  And, that is exactly what we are talking about.  This is what we mean when we say you have to learn to control yourself and treat people with respect.  You will not get away with talking to your boss or your wife the way you talk to me.”

“I know that.  I won’t talk to my boss or wife that way.  I’m just a kid.  I have plenty of time to change.”

“Sweetie, you don’t.  Right now, you are building the core of your personality and you won’t be able to just turn it off when you turn eighteen.  If you keep acting like this and treating people like this, it will become who you are.  If that happens, you will be in a lot of trouble.  People don’t want to be around people who are disrespectful and angry.  Do you want to be angry and alone when you grow up?”

“I don’t care.”

“I know you don’t mean that, sweetie.  Just think about it and think about what kind of life you want for yourself.  Well, we’re here.  Do you want to get out at this door or the door around the corner?”

“The one around the corner.”

I drove around the corner, Pete opened the door and hopped out with a mumbled “bye mom” and walked towards his play date with Ted.  

As he walked into the door, I said to Emma “That went a little differently than I expected.”

“I know.”

“I had no idea I scared him the other day.  I didn’t even raise my voice.  I don’t know how he got scared.”

“Well, you know he has always been afraid of men.  And, you have never yelled at him before.”

“But I didn’t yell.  I said it calmly and directly.”

“Did you slam the door?”

Pausing with a little embarrassment, I said “Well, maybe kind of.  I walked out of the room pretty quickly and I pulled the door closed behind me.  I remember thinking that I should have made sure to close the door quietly so I didn’t come across as angry.  But, I can see why he thought I slammed the door.  I was upset, but I wasn’t pissed.  He just punched holes in our wall and he didn’t even give a shit.  That bothered the hell out of me.”

“I know.  You just have to be very aware of how you say things with Pete.  You have never acted angry towards him or really called him out on anything he did.  It probably seemed so out of character that he didn’t know what to make of it.” 

“I guess.”

“Don’t worry about it too much.  You did the right thing and I’m glad you said what you did.  He needs a man to be straight with him and call him out when he does things like this.  You know, part of me thinks this may be related to the trouble he is having with his eyes.  I think it hit him pretty hard when the doctor told him might go blind if the Uveitis keeps coming back.  I think he sees his world falling apart because he knows smoking pot is one of the things causing the auto-immune flare ups that cause the Uveitis.  He probably thinks his friends won’t like him if he doesn’t get high anymore.  Plus, that is all he does with his friends.  He could be going through the different phases of mourning.  He even said he is in denial about the pot.  He is such a smart kid.  I just think this is a bunch of bad things hitting him all at once on top of being a teenager.”

“Yeah, I’m sure that’s part of it.  It doesn’t make it okay, but it could be a reasonable explanation.”

“I just wish we were married twenty years ago so we could have raised all the kids together.  All they get from Ted is play time and party time.  The kids needed someone like you to raise them right.  Once boys pass a certain age, all they know about being a man is what they learn from their dad.  You see what kind of an example Ted is and how the kids are turning out.  They might be okay when they get older, but they have so much going against them.  I always wished so much better for them than the raw deal they got with Ted as their dad.”

“I know.  I wish they were my kids.  The delusional part of me thinks we wouldn’t be having all this trouble with any of the kids if I were there to help raise them and set an example for them to follow.  Between bad genes and a bad example, Ted has really screwed them up.”  

“I know.  Well, let’s just get to Chris’ house.  I can’t wait to see Erin.  She is SO cute.”  Emma shifted gears instantaneously and effortlessly.

It was remarkable how differently Emma was dealing with this versus a few years ago with Bob.  Emma was an emotional wreck when Bob was spinning out of control.  Now, not too much bothered Emma and/or she was much better at controlling her emotions.  She took everything in stride and she did not let the kids get inside her head with the horrible or irresponsible shit they did.  These days were so much different in almost every way from when Bob was going through his Dark Days.  

God I love my wife.  She is such an incredible person.  



Chapter Twenty-Four


By the time Bob turned eighteen, he was almost completely reborn back to his pre-divorce sweetness.  He was still a bit immature for his age and a bit too innocent for his own good, but he was back to being the ultra-considerate, kind-hearted person he was before his heart was poisoned.  He somehow endured the emotional massacre of trying to reconcile his love for his mom and his dad’s hatred for his mom.  The scars are still evident from time to time, but he very clearly loves Emma again and understands why she left Ted.  I think he still believes Emma cheated on Ted, but now I think he believes Emma was completely justified in leaving him and even cheating on him.  He seems to understand how much of a disaster Ted is and that he caused whatever went wrong in their marriage.  But, Ted is his dad and Bob will always love him, which is probably the best place for Bob to be right now.  He can love both his mom and dad for who they are and remain as sweet as his heart wants him to be.  

It is amazing how different life is around Bob compared to just a year or so ago.  Hell, compared to three years ago, I don’t even recognize him.  It’s like Bob was exchanged with an asshole doppelganger for a couple of years while the “real Bob” was languishing in a gutter somewhere, trying to regain consciousness from the emotional bludgeoning.  Bob is the kind of person that you can not help but share the pain he barely hides on his face.  No matter how happy or content he seems, it also seems like he is one comment away from falling apart into the pain that perpetually accompanies him.  The pain has a ethereal presence all over him and I just want to hug him whenever I see him as a precautionary measure.  There is no pity for him, however, just a visceral empathy.  Pity is degrading.  Empathy is comforting and loving.  I suppress pity for everyone because I would hate to denigrate or insult them with it.  Part of me wants to help him do everything he attempts to do just to make sure he is successful.  The other part of me wants to turn down his requests for help so he learns to take care of himself.  I usually land somewhere in the middle of those two options.  He deserves a prolonged respite from the bullshit of life but he needs to take some strong steps towards manhood, more importantly.  I don’t know if the right thing for him right now is to protect him or prepare him.  I don’t even know if the two are mutually exclusive.  I just know he deserves our love and support.  I want to give our fragile Bob a soft landing from the painful stratosphere he just tore through.  I wish I could take all of his pain and carry it for him.  I wish I could kick him in the ass enough for him to acknowledge and accept the responsibilities of being an adult and start doing the shit no one wants to do.  

It feels like a lifetime ago when I was writing about how much of a self-destructive, asshole, fuck-up he was.  Then I blinked and it was all different.  Everything changed and it all changed for the better.  Thank God and holy shit.     

In a cosmic, preternatural Jenkins next-in-line modality, Pete took over the role as the family fuck-up and king asshole.  He somehow managed to continue being a great person behind the nascent, primary façade of being a teenage prick in a way only a Jenkins Boy could pull off.  With all of the kids at some point in time, they were the nicest people you would ever want to meet, in public.  In our house, they were all abominable dickheads hell-bent on torturing Emma.  Chris and Bob had navigated or matured their way through it.  Now, it was Pete’s turn at the wheel.  

Two days ago I got a call from Pete at his friend’s house.  He said that his friend was losing his shit all over his mother and things were getting tense, so he wanted me to come pick him up.  I drove over there and was greeted by four cop cars as I pulled up to the house.  My first thought was that Pete’s friend’s mom got sick of all the drugs and alcohol flying around the house and in her face, and called the cops.  My second thought was that the cops had busted one or all of them for dealing drugs or some other related crime.  Pete and his other friend were outside the house and did not look scared, so I figured this incident was confined to Pete’s friend who lived there.  

I got out of the car and walked over to the cop at the bottom of the driveway.

“Hi.  I’m Pete’s stepdad.”  I said nodding over towards Pete.  “What’s going on?”

“Well, it looks like this Jason kid lost his temper and tore up the house pretty good.” said the cop.  “He got ill about something and broke some things in the house then ran off.  From the blood around the inside and out, I guess he cut his hand on something.  His mother thinks he broke it.  As of right now, we’re trying to locate him.”

“Hmm.  That’s messed up.  Is there anything I can do to help?”

“No, not at this point.  Which one is yours?”  The cop asked towards Pete and the other kid.  

“Pete.  The one over there in the blue shorts.  Has he done anything?”

“No, not that we know of.”

“Good.  Well, let me go talk to Pete and see what he has to say.”  I said walking away from the cop.

“So, what happened?”  I said to Pete.

Pete shrugged his shoulders at the ground and said, “I don’t know.  We woke up this morning and Jason and his mom were already fighting about something.  They were screaming at each other and Jason was throwing stuff around the house.  I’m not sure why he was so pissed.”

“Do you know where he went?”

“No.  He just took off.  I think I might could find him, but I don’t want to rat him out to the cops.”  

“If I drive you around, do you think you can find him and get him to come back?”

“Yeah, I think so.”

“Okay.  Hop in the car.”  

“We’re going to drive around looking for Jason.  Pete says he might be able to find him.”  I said to the cop as I walked past him to the car.  

“Okay.  If you find him, just call the police station and have them patch you through to me.”  Said the cop.  

“I will.”

Luke and I drove up the block and passed another cop in his car talking to some neighbors.  “Take a left here.”  Pete said.

I turned down a cul-de-sac street and Pete told me to stop at the end, where there were some woods off to the right.  “Let me out here and I’ll go looking for him.  He might be hiding in the woods.”

“Okay.  I’ll wait here.  Just be back here within 15 minutes whether you find him or not.”

“Okay.”  Pete got out of the car and jogged into the woods to find his friend.  

About 20 minutes later, Pete came back out of the woods alone but with a pair of bloody shorts in his hands.  

As Pete got back in the car I said, “Did you find him?”

“No.  I just found his shorts.  He must be running around in his gym shorts he had under these.”  

“Geez.  That’s messed up.”  I said.

Pete ignored my statement and said with resignation, “So I guess I’m in pretty deep trouble.  Are you guys going to send me away?”

“No, not for this.  From what I can tell, you really didn’t do anything.  Unless there is more to the story, you shouldn’t have to worry.”

We drove back to Jason’s house and got out of the car.  Pete walked back to his other friend and I walked over to Jason’s mom.  She was standing next to her nephew and crying quietly.

“So, what happened?”  I said as sympathetically as possible.  

“I’m still not exactly sure.  Jason and I got into it this morning after I found a bunch of pot and empty wine bottles in his room.  I asked him where he got it, but he refused to answer me and then he just lost his mind on me.   He was throwing things at the wall, punching windows and screaming at me.  He waved the bag of pot in my face and told me there was nothing I could do to stop him.  I don’t really remember all the things he said, but he just cracked and ran out of the house.  I don’t know what has gotten into these kids.  Pete is such a nice kid and he has never given us any trouble, but those kids have been drunk and high for the past three days and I don’t know what to do.  They never came home the other night and then just showed up yesterday like nothing happened.  I searched Jason’s room after he left and I found a bunch of pill bottles.  Half of them were empty and the other half had some kind of pills in them.  I don’t even know what they are.”  

“Jesus.  I can’t even believe it.  I mean, I believe it but for some reason I am shocked they are this far gone.  I knew they were smoking pot and we were trying to get Pete to stop, but I had no idea they were doing prescription pills.  I think Emma told you what we have gone through with Bob and we were trying to deal with Pete differently to hopefully get him to come around before it was too late and we had to send him away.”  

In a bit of a daze, she said, “I just can’t believe the kids are acting like this.  They are all such good kids.  None of them has ever given me any trouble.  They are respectful and nice.  I guess I should have known something was going on.  A week or so ago, Jason came to me with a gold necklace, a gold bracelet, and a diamond ring and asked me to take it to a pawn shop for him.  He said that some girl gave them to Pete for his birthday and that Pete didn’t really like her, so he wanted to get the money for them.  For some stupid reason, I took them to the pawn shop and sold them.  The guy at the pawn shop said the diamond ring was worth almost $500 but he only offered to buy it for $100.  My heart told me the jewelry was stolen and I was making a huge mistake, but I did it anyway.  Jason got angry when I hesitated and I couldn’t say no.  He is so scary when he gets upset.  I just don’t know what to do anymore.”

“Wow.”  I said trying to collect my thoughts.  “They are in this way too deep.  I think they are definitely selling drugs and stealing for money to buy drugs.  I don’t know if they are hooked on pills, but they are definitely in way over their heads.  We have to do something before it’s too late.”    

At some point, Jason came back in his bloodied clothes and continued his rage against no one.  By that time, Jason’s grandmother, uncle, and cousins were there and all trying to talk him down.  Jason was committed to his rage and would not come out of it for any reason.  He just wanted to hit or hurt something and there was nothing any one of them could do about it.  Jason got into it with his uncle and exchanged punches, pushes, and threats for 10-15 minutes until the cops could come back and re-enter the situation.  

Jason’s grandmother and uncle took turns telling Jason’s mom that he was out of control and needed discipline.  The grandmother tried to convince her daughter to let her take Jason back to live with her, presumably because she thought she could somehow control him.  But, Jason’s mother was paralyzed and unable to make any semblance of a decision.  Jason’s father rambled about what he wanted to do but couldn’t do and mostly talked in platitudes about getting tough.  Both of Jason’s parents were fucked into a corner and neither one had a clue what to do.  So, they let the police direct them to do what needed to get done.  

The police took Jason to the hospital to treat his hand and undergo a psychiatric evaluation to determine if they could have him committed.  Later that day we heard that the police were driving Jason to Charlotte to be committed for an undetermined amount of time.  

From what we could ascertain, Jason was the ringleader and the impetus for most of the shit the kids were getting into.  I am not saying that Jason is to blame for what Pete and the other friends do.  It’s just that Jason has a very aggressive personality and he seems to have some kind of manipulative control over his circle of friends.  I think all of them are afraid to tell Jason they don’t want to, or won’t, do what he wants to do.  Jason’s dad told us he is bi-polar and I suspect that Jason is either bi-polar as well, or damn near it.  Pete has a temper, but Jason has something very different.  There are limits to the manifestation of Pete’s anger.  Despite the anger Pete has within him, he does appear to have a governor that prevents him from going ape shit.  There is no such limit to Jason’s rage.  He will hurt himself and anyone around him during a tantrum.  He will break, punch, or back-down anyone or anything in his way.  Jason’s anger is the kind that will eventually land him in jail.  I don’t think Pete’s anger is anywhere near that.  There are lines Pete will not cross.  There are no lines in Jason’s world.  

I have seen a few people like Jason before.  They all have ended up either universally hated or in jail or both.  I hate to put that judgment on him, but that is how I see him now.  Before I saw that side of him, I thought he was the nicest kid.  He was well-mannered, respectful, and pleasant.  Lately, his dark side seems to have taken over.

Not too much separates Jason from Pete, but at least I think Pete’s behavior is partly an affectation and partly immaturity.  Our job is to force him to keep his shit together for long enough for him to not shut all of the doors in front of him before he even gets going.   


Chapter Twenty-Five

Emma and Jason’s mom talked on the phone for about an hour that night comparing notes and trying to get the full story on what was happening with our kids.  By the time Emma got off the phone, we had a pretty good idea how close Pete was to being sent away like Bob.  It was so difficult to deal with Bob being sent away and gone for fourteen months that we didn’t want to commit to sending away Pete just yet.  We wanted to give Pete a chance to tell us or show us something that would change our minds.  We wanted to give him a chance to change his behavior enough to assuage our fear and commitment to sending him away.  Not very likely, but we had to give him a shot at saving himself.       

Soon after we got Pete home, the fear and compliance was replaced by the attitude and defiance we had come to know very well.  The discussion with Pete was an amalgam of honesty, lies, anger, posturing, pain, and disgust.  Listening to Pete try to bullshit us every way possible was bordering on impressive.  He used every form of manipulation he had acquired and developed in his few teenage years, like a semi-pro.  If we hadn’t seen all of the techniques used to perfection by Bob, we might have been partially swayed by his dizzying panoply of attacks and parries.  

“Sit down Pete.”  Emma said.

Pete flashed her the “I hate you” look, stood defiantly for a moment, then plopped down on the couch.  

“We want to talk to you about your behavior.”  Emma said.  “We are worried about you and we think you are out of control.  I know you think you aren’t doing anything wrong, and that is part of the problem.  You think you can do whatever you want and no one should get in your way.  You have this “I am Pete Jenkins and no one tells me what to do” attitude that is making things worse.  You are smoking pot, taking prescription pills, stealing, sneaking out at night, you are disrespectful, and you have all but given up on school.  These are all of the warning signs of a kid in very deep trouble.  We have pretty much reached our breaking point and we are trying to figure out what to do about it.”

“What do you mean?”  Pete asked.  “Are you going to send me away?  You better think about what you are doing.  If you send me away, I am NOT going to change.  I will come back when I am eighteen and I will tear your house apart.”  

“Are you threatening me?”  Emma asked.

“I’m just saying you better not send me away.  There is nothing you can do to change me.  I’m never going to stop smoking pot and you can’t stop me.   Why can’t you just leave me alone?  Things would be so much better around here if you just stopped making me miserable.  I hate being here so much.  Every time I step foot in this house, I get angry.  I don’t even know why.  Just being here makes me angry.  I can’t even stand to be around you.  All you do is aggravate me and punish me.  Don’t you even care that your own son has absolutely no feelings for you?  When I think of you, I feel nothing.  Doesn’t that bother you?  If you just left me alone, I might stop hating you.  Don’t you want me to love you again?  How can you live knowing your own son can’t stand you?  It tears me up that you don’t care about me.  How do you think I feel, knowing my own mother doesn’t love me?”

“Pete, how can you say I don’t love you?  All I have ever done is love you and take care of you.  What makes you think I don’t love you?”

“Because all you do is make me miserable.  Everything I do is wrong and you punish me for everything.  If you loved me, you wouldn’t care what I did.  You would just love me and support me.”

“Pete, if I cared nothing about you, I would let you do whatever you want.  If I didn’t care what happened to you, I wouldn’t stop you from doing things I know are destructive.  This is what parents do.  They teach their kids right from wrong and they stop their kids from making terrible mistakes.  You are making terrible mistakes right now and it is because I love you that I am trying to stop you.  Anyone who isn’t trying to stop you from doing what you are doing, does not care about you.  Those people don’t care if you are thirty years old, dead broke, and addicted.  They won’t have to pay your bills.  They won’t have to take care of your family.  They won’t have to watch you suffer for all of your mistakes.”

“My friends care about me.  Dad cares about me.  Bob and Chris care about me.  You and Jack do not care about me.  You just want to control me and make me miserable.  Besides, you have no idea what I have done.  I have done things that would blow your mind and you don’t want to know what I have done.”

“What have you done then?”  Emma asked.

“Why should I tell you?  You will just turn it against me and punish me for it.”

“Pete.  If you are honest with me, I will not punish you for it.  If you are honest with me, at least I can trust you.  If you lie about everything, I have no reason to trust you.  You don’t’ have to tell me anything because I already know, or I can imagine, what you are doing.”

“Okay, fine.”  Pete took a deep breath and decided what he would reveal.  “I sneak out of the house almost every night.  I drive around in stolen cars with my friends and we vandalize houses and mailboxes.  We break into houses and steal stuff.  We do all kinds of stuff like that.  You have no idea.  And, you know what?  I get a rush when I do it.  I love the feeling of breaking the law and getting away with it.  I get a high when we are running away from the cops or whatever.  I enjoy it like almost nothing else and I can’t wait to do it every night.  That’s just who I am and there is nothing you can do to change me.”

I was sure Pete was trying to shock us as much as anything else he was trying to accomplish with those revelations.  He wanted to hurt us and make us worry about him.  He wanted to elicit sympathy and concern.  He wanted us to break down crying from the pain of the concern over his actions.  Maybe he wanted us to recognize the desperation in his tone.  Maybe he was screaming for help.  Maybe he wanted us to send him away.  Maybe he was desperate for someone to understand him and say something to him that would make his heart whole again.  

Who the fuck knows?

“Well, none of that surprises me, Pete.”  Emma said.  “And, that just proves my point about you being out of control.  You think you are just out having fun with your friends and I think you are headed for a train wreck.  I think you know what you are doing is wrong, but you are so wrapped up in this lifestyle that you don’t care about anyone or anything else anymore.”

“That’s not true.  I care about my dad and my brothers and my friends.  I just don’t care about you.  And, why doesn’t that seem to bother you?  You are just sitting there like you don’t care that your son hates you.”

“I do care, Pete.  It tears me up inside to listen to the pain that you are experiencing and causing.  I wish I could just say the magic word and make all the pain go away.  But, I can’t do that and I can’t let myself feel the pain of what you are doing and saying.  When we sent Bob away, it was the hardest thing I had ever done and it made me a wreck.  I do not want to go through that again, but I will if I have to.  I love you as much as I love Bob and Chris, and I will send you somewhere like I did for Bob when he was doing what you are doing.  You have a choice, Pete.  You can follow the rules, get your life under control, and stop being so hateful, or you can choose to be sent away.  It’s that simple.”

“What are the rules then?” 

“You know what the rules are, Pete.”   Emma responded with exasperation.  “No drugs, be respectful, do your best at school, and do what I ask you to do without any attitude.  We are not asking for much here.  We pretty much let you do what you want and you take advantage.  All you have to do is not be out of control.”

“That’s not going to happen.  I am not going to let you tell me what to do.  I am my own person and you can’t change me.  Why can’t you understand that?  Just leave me alone and everything will be fine.  Don’t you want me to love you?  Don’t you want me to want to be here?  Why are you making this so hard?”

“Because I love you sweetie and I don’t want to see you dead in a coffin and wonder what I could have done to stop you.  I don’t ever want to regret not making difficult decisions because they were easier than doing what is right for you.  This is what parents do and this is what you have to understand.  I love you enough for you to hate me for it.  You are not going to convince me to let you do drugs and commit crimes because you think that is who you are.  That is not who you are.  It is just adolescent behavior that is going too far.”

“No, mom.  That is who I am.  I am Pete Jenkins and this is how I want to live my life.  Why can’t you realize that there is nothing you can do to change me?  Why can’t you just leave me alone?”

“I’m not going to do that sweetie.  You are too precious to watch you throw away your life.  What do you think you are going to do when you are twenty or thirty years old?”

“So, are you planning on failing out of high school?”  I asked.  “Are you just going to give up and do nothing with your life?  Do you really want to be thirty years old and broke?”

“I’m not going to be broke.”  Pete responded.  “I am going to finish high school, maybe get my GED, and take over my dad’s smoothie shops.  We are going to expand all across the state and into the Caribbean.  We are going to have smoothie shops all over the place and we are going to be rich.”

I chose not to pop that bubble because I didn’t want to bring Ted into the discussion.  I didn’t want to tell him that Ted’s two smoothie shops are barely solvent and remind him that his dad lives in a basement apartment and always complains about not having any money.  I actually wouldn’t have a problem with the smoothie dream if it wasn’t an easy, lazy cop-out.  If that was the best he could do, that was fine with me.  Pete was capable of getting straight A’s, going to a great college, and working for a major corporation somewhere or starting his own company.  This bullshit about the smoothie shops was just Pete’s justification to himself that he would not end up broke and addicted in a gutter somewhere.  

“Don’t you think you need a good education to do that?”  I asked.  “It’s not easy running multiple locations of a business.  If you want to run a chain of smoothie shops for a living, you have to know how to run a business.”

“My dad knows how to run it and he is going to teach me.”

Emma and I looked at each other and knew that conversation was going nowhere, so we switched gears back to the prior topic.

“Sweetie, you can not keep living like this and have the privilege of living here.”  Emma said.

“Great.  Let me leave.  Let me go live with dad.  I love that idea.  I’ll leave right now.”

“Pete, you know that is not an option.  You are not going to live with your dad.”

“Why not?  You just don’t want me to live with dad.  You want to keep us apart because you think he is a bad parent.”

“I know you want to live with your dad.  You have made that very clear and I don’t blame you.  There are no rules over there, no punishments, no expectations, and no work.  You want to live with your dad because you know he will let you do whatever you want.”

“That’s not it at all.  He doesn’t let me do whatever I want.  He has rules.  He doesn’t let me smoke pot.  If he catches me, he gets pissed off and yells at me.”

“Well, if he tries to stop you from doing drugs and committing crimes, why don’t you hate him?”  I said.

“What?”  Pete said with wheels spinning in his head.

“You just said that your dad has all the same rules and beliefs that we do, but you said before that was the reason you hate us.  Your say your dad does and says the same things as us when it comes to drugs, alcohol, and crime, yet you don’t hate him for it.  Why do you hate us and not him?”

“I don’t know.  I just do.”

“So, help me understand what you are saying.”  I said.  “You say you hate us because we try to stop you from doing things we know are dangerous, but you don’t apply the same logic to how you feel about your dad.  That doesn’t make sense.  Either your dad doesn’t have the same rules as us and you want to live with him because you can do whatever you want, or he does have the same rules and you just don’t hold him to the same standards as us.  Which is it?”

“I don’t want to talk about this.  You aren’t making any sense.”

“Look, Pete.”  I said.  “This is important and you need to figure it out.  I think you know exactly why you think you hate us and that it has nothing to do with the rules we have.  I think your conscious mind hasn’t figured it out yet, but your sub-conscious mind knows exactly what is going on.  Somewhere in your head, you know why you hate us but you just can’t figure it out on a conscious level, so you use a convenient excuse that really doesn’t make sense.  I would suggest you dig deep into your brain and allow yourself to realize what you already know.  I know that sounds a bit weird and maybe a bit tough to understand right now, but I think you are smart enough to figure it out.”

“Pete, it is so hard for me to wake up every day and know that you hate me.”  Emma said.  “When your dad and I split up, he told me that he was going to make me suffer.  He said he was going to try to get me fired from my job and turn my friends against me.  But there was one thing he told me over and over again when he called me drunk in the middle of the night.  He told me that he was going to ruin my life by making sure that you, Bob, and Chris hated me.  He knew that that was the only way he could ruin my life.  He knew how important y’all are to me and that I would be devastated if you hated me.  And that is exactly what he has done.  Ever since we split up, he has done everything he could to make you guys hate me.  What you are saying right now and how you are acting is exactly what your dad wanted to do to me.  And, it kills me to know that you have let him poison your heart to the point where you believe you hate me.”

“Pete, I know you love your mom.”  I said.  “You say you hate her and I believe you believe it.  But, I know in my heart that you don’t believe it deep down inside of you.  You can tell yourself all day long that you hate your mom, but I know you don’t.  At some point, you made the decision that it is important for you to hate your mom and you have created all of the bullshit reasons you need to believe you hate her and justify that hatred.  This hatred you think you feel towards you mom is not real.  All she has ever done is love you and take care of you.  You have no reason to hate her.  She is not doing anything different than 90% of all parents out there.  No parent who loves their child is going to sit back and watch their kid get wrapped up in drugs and throw away their life.”

“I know lots of parents who don’t care what their kids do.  Half of my high school is like that.  None of their parents are doing anything like what you do.”

“Who?”  Emma asked.  “Who else has parents that don’t care what they do?”

“I know of at least ten or eleven kids that can do whatever they want and their parents don’t try to stop them.”

“Well, we are not those parents and we never will be.”  Emma said.  “We are not going to let you throw away your life because you just want to have fun and get high with your friends.  We love you too much to let you do that to yourself.  And, think about those kids whose parents let them do whatever they want.  Do you think those parents really care where and how their kids end up?  Do you think they care if their child grows up to be broke, angry, and addicted?”

“Yeah.  I think they care a lot.  They just don’t think it makes sense to make their kids miserable just because they are doing something they don’t like.  They know their kids are just having a little fun and they will be fine.”

“Okay, think about all of the burned out losers in the world, then.”  I said.  “How do you think they got that way?”

“Huh?”  Pete asked.  

“Well, do you think any of the people who are doing nothing with their lives followed all of their parents’ rules, did well in school, and stayed away from drugs and alcohol?”  I explicated.

Pete said nothing with his voice.

“Those people did the same kind of shit you are doing right now.  They thought they would be fine no matter what they did.  They thought they could party their way through life and everything would work out.  For these people, life did not work out.  Think about it Pete.  No one who follows the rules and does the right thing ever turns into a burned out loser.  I’m not saying that people can’t go through a period of time where they party a little bit and then pull out of it somehow.  Judging by my friends, I’d say that about half of the people who party pretty hard, grow out of it.  The people who party really hardcore and whose lives revolve around partying, only about 10% grow out of it before it’s too late.  What I’m trying to get you to understand is that you are fucking yourself every day with the choices you make.  The more you do drugs and the more you defy authority, the more your chances of doing something with your life zip down the toilet.  You are fifteen now and you think everyone’s lives magically just work out.  And, you think you can fry your brain like a maniac and nothing bad will happen to you.  I’m telling you Pete, if you keep up with this, you will end up nowhere.  Don’t think for a second that you can’t turn into one of those burned out losers everyone makes fun of.  That could be you if you don’t get your head straight.  And, if you don’t get your head straight right away, we will do whatever we have to do to make you get your head straight.”

“See, that’s your solution to everything.  Why don’t you just send me away right now and get it over with.  I know you want to get rid of me so you don’t have to deal with me and let me live my life the way I want to.”  Pete said.  “Parents who love their kids do not send them away like garbage.”

“Then what do you suggest we do?”  Emma asked.

“I think you should just leave me alone and let me live my life.”

“Well, that’s not going to happen, so what else do you suggest?”  Emma asked.

“That’s the only thing that will make me happy.  Just leave me alone.”

“Pete, you know we can’t do that.  If you don’t make some changes, we will send you away until you are eighteen.  It’s that simple.”

“Trying to divert the course of the conversation to something that might be impactful, I said, “Look Pete.  When your mom and I got married, we read a lot of books and we talked to a lot of people about how to keep you and your brothers away from drugs.  Almost everything we read and heard said that we should deny we ever did drugs or anything like what you are doing.  They said if you admit all your mistakes when you were a kid, it normalizes the activities and it gives the kid an excuse to do the same stupid stuff.  So, we decided to purposely mislead you about what I went through when I was a lot younger.  The truth is, I did a lot of the things you are doing.  I got high a lot and I spent too much time doing stupid shit.  But, I always kept my head on straight.  I kept my grades up and I always followed my parents’ rules.  I didn’t cause trouble and they pretty much left me alone.  I always kept a good perspective on my life and never let myself get wrapped up in the really destructive stuff.  I never did the hardcore drugs and I never went out with my friends when they were committing crimes.  I was smart enough to know where the line was and never cross it.  So, I know where you are coming from and I know what you are going through.  That also means I know exactly where you are headed.”

“You never did anything like I have done.  I have done some totally messed up stuff.”

“Look, I’m not going to get into a contest of who is more fucked up in the head.  All I’m saying is that I did a lot of the same things you are doing right now.  If you want me to believe you are much worse than I ever was, then fine.”

“I’m not trying to prove I am more messed up than you were.  I don’t want to get into a contest about it either.  I’m just trying to say that you don’t know exactly what I am going through.”

“Okay, if that’s what you need to believe, then fine.  Even if you are doing stuff beyond what I ever did, I still believe I can understand what you are going through.  I have never looked down on you for your actions and I never will.  You are a great person and I love you.  You are just making terrible decisions that will haunt you for a long time.  Your mom and I just want you to back it down and get your life under control.  We are not trying to tell you that you are a bad person.  We only want you to understand that you are making really bad decisions.  We are trying to use our experience to keep you from making the same or worse decisions that we did.  We never got out of control and we always had a goal we were working towards that kept us in check.  Your mom and I both wanted to go to college and that was always in the back of our minds.  When I was your age, I saw a lot of people around me that were either headed for a shitty life or they were in the middle of it.  The only thing that separated me from them is that I never let things get out of control.  I had my fun and I stopped there.  When doing drugs and partying become serious, you know you are in trouble.  I think you are stumbling all over the line between those two places.  I think you are only a few months away from drugs going from a fun to a serious thing, if you aren’t already there.  That’s what we are so worried about and what you can’t understand.”

Silence.

Shuffling feet.

Wringing hands.

Solemn face.

Concern.

Acknowledgement.

Rejection.

Posturing.

Disdain.

Done.

Pete stood up and said, “Whatever.  I’m going upstairs.” and did just that.

Emma and I watched Pete walk away, both shaking our heads.

“I am so worried about Pete.”  Emma said.  “What are we going to do?  He can’t control his contempt for us or his commitment to being defiant.”

“I know.”  I assented.  “He has this attitude like ‘I am a tough guy and nobody tells Pete Jenkins what to do’.  He thinks he can do whatever the hell he wants because that is what he learned from Ted.  At some point Pete has to accept responsibility for his actions, but Ted really fucked up his brain.  Ted’s M.O. is to do whatever you want to do, get angry when someone calls you out, blame someone else, and hate whoever tries to change you.  The pattern is there.  It’s just up to Pete to be smart enough to think his way out of it and break that cycle.  But time is running out on that option.  If he keeps going like this, we are going to have to do something.  I hate to send him away, but I’m running out of ideas.”  

“I know.  Me too.”  Emma said and leaned into my chest to rest her head.

We sat like that for a few minutes.  I stroked her hair and she bit her fingernails.  We silently beat our brains for something to change the way we felt.  We begged our subconscious minds to expectorate an epiphany.  We got nothing.

“I need to get out of my head.”  Emma said standing up.  “Let’s go do something.  Do you want to play Scrabble?”  

Scrabble.  Yes.  That will do the trick.  

“Sure.”  I said.  “Do you want to play in here or out on the deck?”

“Let’s go outside.  I need some fresh air.”

“Cool.  I’ll get the Scrabble board and meet you out there.”

I kissed her on top of the head, tilted her head back and said, “I love you.”

“I love you too.”

“Thank you for marrying me.”

“You are crazy.”  Emma smiled.  “How could you say that?  There is always some kind of disaster or stress with the kids.  You didn’t sign up for this.”

“Of course I did.  If they were our kids, we would still have the same kind of bullshit.  I didn’t think the kids would be perfect and never cause any stress.  Yeah, this part sucks, but they are still all great people and I am so happy you married me.  We went through the same shit with Bob and he made it out just fine.  He’s not perfect, but he’s doing great because we cared enough to do the difficult things to save him.  Now we have to do it for Pete.  If we can just get him through his teenage asshole period, he will be fine.  I know he is fucking up right now, but I really think he is smart enough to make his way through it.”

“I hope you are right.”

I kissed her on the forehead and hugged her tightly.  “Everything is going to be okay.  Just hang in there.”
   

Chapter Twenty Six

As of today, I’ve been a stepdad for exactly five years and one month.  

I had no idea what the hell I was getting into when I married Emma, just like no parent knows what the hell they are getting into when they have kids.  All of our plans and expectations were defenestrated the moment I joined my wife’s family.  Now I feel like a complete idiot for even making plans and having expectations.  What a waste of time that was.  Plans and expectations are merely the specious chimera we desperately hang on to so we don’t lose our fucking minds along the way.  If the infinite and uncontrollable factors that affect our lives don’t crush us or irreparably screw up our kids, then we have won.  And, if you can find a way to enjoy the ride, you have won twice.      

I know that I was never the driver behind the wheel of the Partridge Family bus.  I will always just be the clueless dude on the back of the raft with a fractured paddle, screaming down the mighty Mississippi with my hair on fire, praying we don’t hit the jagged rocks or flip the boat or lose our life preservers or take the wrong fork in the river or sail over the edge of an invisible 1000-foot waterfall.  I’m just hanging on myself and trying to steer us the best I can.  

I also know that this shit will never end.  I will never stop worrying about the kids and the kids will never stop doing stupid shit.  Who knows what will happen to Chris, Bob, and Pete?  I sure don’t.  They are all great kids and I love them.  That’s all that really matters anyway.  All we can do is be there to guide them, love them, and help them through the bullshit.  Their lives are up to them, not me and/or Emma.   

After all of this, if anyone of you out there ever calls me “just a stepparent”, I will punch you in the throat.  The only difference between a parent and a stepparent is biology.  Apart from that, stepparents are exactly equal to parents.  Any monkey can be a biological parent.  Being an actual parent is a choice and a commitment.  I now despise the term “stepparent” because of its inherent distinction from “parent”.  I may not be a father, but I absolutely am a parent.       

I think about my wife and kids every second of every day.  I think about what I can do to contribute to their happiness.  I think about what I can do to take the burdens from their backs.  I think about what I can do to make their lives easier.  I think about what advice I can give them to help them navigate through the bullshit that comes their way.  I think about what advice I can give them to avoid the mistakes and disasters I see as the probable result of their choices.  I think about the mistakes I have made.  I think about how I can make things right.  I think about what they may need.  I think about what I can do for them.  I analyze every word they say and every action they make.  I think about what those words and deeds say about who they are and where they may lead them.  I think about the best ways to communicate how much I love them.   I wonder if they know how much I love them.  I wonder if they know how much I need them.  

Every day I think about them.  Every day I attempt to be perfect for them.  Every day I fail.  Every day I try.  Every day I do everything for them.  

I don’t want recognition.  I don’t want rewards.  I don’t want anything for me.  I just want them to be happy.  Well, I guess their happiness is for me in a way.  If that is selfish of me, then I guess I’m selfish.  

I often wonder about how things could have been different.  Could I have somehow averted everyone from the pain they have gone through in the past five years?  Is any of it my fault?  Is any of it anyone’s fault?  How much time and effort did I waste by (mis)placing some amount of blame on Ted when the kids made mistakes?  Is he really as dangerous and destructive as I have believed him to be?  Or is he is just a guy, trying to do the best he can with his limitations.  We have all made mistakes.  His just seemed a lot more outrageous than I thought possible. 

Is Ted really as awful as I have believed him to be for the past five years?  His tendencies are more violent and malevolent than I have ever seen in any another person and he has caused a lot of pain for Emma, me, and the kids.  But, he seems to be turning into a different person lately.  He seems to have let go of his anger towards Emma and even me to a certain degree.  He seems to be genuinely worried about Pete and willing to assume some parental responsibility towards modifying Pete’s behavior.  Lately, he almost seems to working with us as a collective parenting unit instead of just the leader of the Jenkins Boys on a perpetual mission to fuck up.  He still won’t tell the kids “no” directly, but at least now he says “no, your mother said you can’t, so the answer is no”.  I would much rather he says “no” and make Emma the asshole than to say “yes” just to piss her off.  Unless a lot more is happening that I can tell, he seems to have abated and maybe even aborted his mission to ruin our lives through the kids.  He seems to be hurt and dismayed about Pete’s cantankerous rebellion against healthy choices and he seems willing to assist us in doing something about it.  He even seems to be very concerned that Pete will end up like him.  

He still does some crazy, mean shit but it is no longer something I think about or worry about.  Yes, I want him to be a better example for the kids, but I just don’t think he has it in him.  If that is true, what good does it do being pissed off about it?

Who the hell knows? 

I often wonder what our lives would be like if the kids knew the truth about their dad and what really caused their parents’ divorce.  The biggest question is, how different would things be if the kids never believed Emma cheated on Ted?  What if they knew the truth?  What if there was no real reason to hate Emma over the past six years since she left Ted?  

What if Ted didn’t have any valid reason or excuse for his behavior?   What if his actions and words were judged the same way as the rest of the world is judged, without compensatory filters or manufactured justifications?  What if he didn’t have Emma to blame for how he treats his family when he is totally out of control?  What if he was never able to say that he tore them apart or called them traitors or threatened to stop loving them or went into a terminal swivet or committed crimes or emotionally abused his kids a thousand different ways or terrorized his ex-wife or brainwashed his kids… because he was angry that Emma cheated on him?  

What if he never had a rally cry to coalesce his kids into the Jenkins Boys against the world?  What if they never believed the lies that martyred their dad and made him the poor innocent victim and their mom the horrible person who changed before their eyes and ripped apart the family?  What if he was wholly responsible for his actions in the kids’ minds and they had no way to justify his behavior?  What if the kids were never able to tell their friends, “my dad isn’t crazy, he’s just angry my mom cheated on him”?  What if the kids were able to piece together all of his patterns of anger, violence, and hatred and see that they were not limited to Emma?   What if they were able to see that he reacts with the same kind of rage against anyone who isn’t on his side?  What if they knew the truth about their dad and actually faced that truth?

Reflecting on all of those questions inside of that one larger question, as sick as it sounds, I think it is best that the kids continue to believe their mom cheated on their dad.  In the end, they either believe their mom cheated on their dad and he’s actually a good person or they believe their dad is a monster who treated his own kids like shit because he is infected with a horror of rage that only sees enemies where there isn’t blind loyalty.  It is mostly my selfish need for the kids to realize the truth and treat their mom with the respect and love she deserves that I wish the kids knew the truth.  

But, I don’t want the kids to hate their dad and I know he needs them more than he needs alcohol.  Without his kids, he has no one to love him.  No one.  Without his kids and without their loyalty he would be faced with the reality of his sick self all alone.  And that would lead to a violent desperation that would end as desperately and violently as his inner demons could conjure.  Without the Jenkins Boys, their lies, their commitment to the lies, their blind faith, their willingness to forgive everything their dad does because they believe Emma cheated on him, Ted would kill himself.  And that is something that I would never wish on the kids.  

Part of me completely believes that someday the kids will wake up and realize all of this.  That someday, they will come home to hug their mom and beg for forgiveness for the terrible things they have done and said to her.  To somehow begin to make up for all the years they lost in misplaced anger that was never their own.  To forgive Ted for everything he has ever done to them, to forgive him for poisoning them against their own mother, and to see him for who he truly is.  

But, I know that will never happen.  I know the kids will spend the rest of their lives believing their dad is the coolest guy in the world and never did anything horrific to anyone who didn’t deserve it.  Yes, he acts like an idiot sometimes, but that is completely forgivable.  That’s just dad.  They will never allow themselves to face the truth about their dad because that would blow up their world and disintegrate it into ashes.  The kids will go through life thinking it is perfectly okay to remorselessly and viciously torment anyone who does them wrong.  They will always believe that you can do whatever you like to whomever you like as long as you can blame them for “making you do it”.  They will never know the joy of forgiveness, empathy, and unconditional love.  They will live a life full of suspicion, distrust, black and white judgment, punishment, sworn enemies, revenge, and hatred.  

Or, maybe I’m not giving them enough credit.  They are all brilliantly insightful people and surely they have come to understand that they can not see the world and treat people as their dad does.  

Surely, they will learn from his mistakes.  

Surely, their mom’s unconditional love and shining example will take over as they mature into adults.  

Surely, they are not doomed to his miserable existence and tortured life.  

Surely, they will grow into loving, respectful, and caring adults.

…Fuck

