The Giant’s Walk
by David Skinner
Copyright 2014 David Skinner
Smashwords Edition, Version 003
This ebook is licensed for personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or used for commercial purposes. Beyond that, I believe the typical licensing of ebooks has undermined the sharing of books among friends, and so I do not require that you pay for this ebook if you have borrowed it.
Version changelog of affected canto.paragraphs
002	48.2
003	47.2
Table of Contents
Preludio
Prima Cantica
Seconda Cantica
Terza Cantica
Coda
Author’s Notes
PRELUDIO
Why do You hide? Where do You keep Yourself? Behind, inside, below, unseen, You hoard the revelations; for in this day the bush burns by fire, not by You; and faith and reason can bear us to only Your magnificent Likelihood. Hear me, Lord! You have been reduced to an exclamation of pain. Confronted by troubles a man cries: My God! Yet he ignores You when You turn to listen, to hear Your creature’s cry. For all he means by God, the man could simply have grunted. He has forgotten that his cry is really a prayer. And it had better be, yes? One mustn’t cry for You if it’s not a prayer being said. Isn’t that what is meant by taking Your name in vain? The Second Commandment can seem just a directive about civility and respect; but, really, what is being condemned is the squandering of Your mercy.
Why do You hide? What are You thinking? What is Your point? All is a tangle of hurt and respite, the workings out of Your intent. Take thy only begotten son Isaac and offer him for a holocaust. Why? Are You then no better than Artemis, who, insulted by Agamemnon’s killing of her stag, would unbind the winds to Troy only upon the death of his daughter? Agamemnon, harsh Agamemnon, strapped on necessity’s yoke and sacrificed his innocent Iphigenia to petulant Artemis, purchasing the wind his navy needed. Not even the efforts of outraged Achilles could sway a father subservient to a god. So also, to purchase Your trust in Abraham’s faith, Abraham touched the knife to Isaac. Like Artemis — like Moloch! — You demanded a child. Did Abraham expect You to stop him? No. Isaac would die but not die; of this, Abraham was certain. Of You he was certain.
Do You remember my dream of Hell? The street at night; the lamps all lit; the light that came to my eyes but stopped at my eyes, as I sensed without seeing and saw without seeing. I was not blinded nor surrounded by darkness — for every lamp was lit, I could tell; yet the light stopped at my eyes. The light was being revoked on the verge of illumination. It was tantalizing. Inexplicable. Terrifying. I suppose Abraham never had such a dream. And soon Your angel was sent, saying: Abraham, Abraham. Lay not thy hand upon the boy. Thus You confounded Artemis — and Moloch — and all in every pantheon! For in the end You are not unique in asking for blood; You are unique in Whose blood is taken. To Abraham and his descendants You declared: Not by that blood will I love you. The True God offers Himself, eh?
Meanwhile we live. We must. We are crossing that broad lake in that tiny boat. The storm has come. The winds are many. The rain is dark. The waters are cold. Beside us, Jesus sleeps. We try to wake Him. Master, master, we are going to perish! Still He sleeps. We are wholly afraid. Master, master! Then He awakes. He dismisses the storm. He asks us: Why are you afraid? O, how He marvels at our seeming lack of faith! But for us, that is not the point. You sleep; You hide. We have the storm. We see what is happening but not what is happening. We see only the tangle: There, in Kansas, in 1858, the town of Indianola was destroyed by a Giant, the only Giant ever to visit our Earth. The parents of Joanna, beside her on the chapel bench, were killed. She was found alive by Father Zebediah Goodnow. Until then she had been only his parishioner; from then she was his companion, and eventually Protector of the Prince of Mars. There, in Kansas, in 1957, on the way home from the Hole, now a shrine, through which Joanna and Zebediah had gone in pursuit of the Giant, Scott and his wife Helen, having sought a cure at the shrine, stopped at a diner to eat. Eddie, there also and eating, encountered Scott, a man whom, until then, Eddie had not known (not even from the news); but whom, from then, Eddie would pursue and hate.
Zebediah and Joanna happened to be in the Giant’s path; Scott and Eddie happened to be in a diner along a prairie road. That’s Your way. You make every accident. In between our little wills, You cause the world. Something happens. And afterwards we make of it what You will.
PRIMA CANTICA
Canto 1
Hale and well-tempered was Scott Winslow Hale. His body was military grade, and unscarred; his intensity in combat had been not an intemperate fury but an unflappable precision, and those frenetic months against China — as part of the 16th Fighter Squadron, 51st Interceptor Wing — had never made him a daredevil. Fit and level-headed, he was one of a hundred equivalent men chosen for the Astronaut Corps. His exemplary progress as an astronaut had pleased his superiors at NASA, so much so that he was chosen for the Virgo Project itself and would, in 1960, so long as President Dewey’s “frivolous ambitions” were not killed by Congress, be among the first to walk on the Moon. To the consuming public, NASA had naturally emphasized Scott’s apollonian worth. NASA had also naturally emphasized his delightful wife Helen. Only lately had things become awkward, as Helen’s deterioration diverged her from the Hale perfection.
Her sickness had been patient: her symptoms smattered, each alone so seemingly petty; but after a time she was clearly amiss. And despite her being not even thirty years old, there was no mistaking it: paralysis agitans. The Shaking Palsy. She trembled. She stiffened. Her voice flattened. She couldn’t summon a gesture. She couldn’t remind herself to blink. Her presence flaked away and dementia was stirring. The pallidotomy, the opening up of her skull, the cutting of her brain, had failed. Oh, from the start she and her husband had prayed. They had recited every little prayer, every little novena, every little litany of hope. They had been stalwart; even then they were not hopeless. But they were afraid. They didn’t want to part now, even if Heaven awaited both. Before the thoughts and words could never again be formed, Helen asked Scott to take her to Blessed Zebediah’s shrine.
However much a Catholic child might be encouraged to admire St. This-or-That, This-or-That’s tale could not compete with Bl. Zebediah’s. To be sure, the densely sober minds of the Church bristled at the utter outrageousness of Joanna Hutchinson’s memoir. Giant! Martians! Holes between worlds! Yet the piety and orthodoxy of Joanna could not be gainsaid; and she was hardly the only earthly witness to the Giant, nor to the Prince of Mars. What’s more, Zebediah’s heroism on behalf of the Blessed Sacrament was a magnificent lesson. And, well, if all of it came mixed with a trek through the Solar System, so be it. Anyhow, there was no fighting the popularity of Zebediah, especially once the healings at the Hole began. By 1944, the Church had enough evidence — and finally the inclination — to beatify Zebediah. Only one more miracle, directly and clearly attributable to Zebediah’s intercession, remained for his canonization.
And like many Catholic children, Helen had enjoyed the colorful little books about Zebediah. When she learned more about him — the things deep in Joanna’s memoir; the richness aside the storybooks — she became all the more fond of him. Zebediah’s shrine may have been the only shrine in the United States, the nearest place of healing, the most reasonable place for her to go; but she would have chosen it in any event, as it was his shrine. Scott favored it as well. He had his own affection for Zebediah (indeed, this affection had been one of the happy, small things that had drawn Helen and him together). Still, he had to thank God that the shrine was just twelve hours north of Houston. NASA had been against their going at all, fearing the publicity that would attach to the Credulous Astronaut, His Dying Wife, and the Outer-Space Saint-to-Be; but an anonymous jaunt to Kansas, the briefest absence from the Virgo Project, would surely go unnoticed; and in the end, even the jittery bureaucrats were moved by Scott’s determination to aid his pathetic wife. They let him go. And only now, on the road, away from his training, from the simple distraction of preparing for the Moon, did his determination waver and the certainty of Helen’s death overwhelm him. Rationally he could hope for God’s attention; but this trawling for a miracle seemed so merely desperate. Scott Winslow Hale was unfamiliar with desperation. It had begun to unnerve him.
It had even begun to fracture him. Later that night they stopped at a motel. As Helen slept, Scott was restless. Suddenly, against the darkness, he saw himself in a terrible vision, trapped on the Moon and arguing about something with Zebediah; while, beside the two of them, Judas laughed.
Canto 2
Indianola’s only street, being the only street, had no name, and in whole was only an elaboration of the crossing at Soldier Creek; and, in extent, from the Pucket home to Fairchild’s Store, only half a Sunday stroll. Yet by 1858 three of the eighteen buildings were saloons. One could rationalize this proportion by noting that this street was the road from Ft. Leavenworth to Ft. Riley — and many travelers brought many thirsts. In any event, not one of the saloons survived the Giant’s walk. Neither did the livery, the warehouse, the blacksmith’s shop, the Milne and Clinton Hotels, the homes of the Puckets, the Fiederlings, the Johnsons, the Thompsons, and the Hutchinsons, nor, finally, Father Goodnow’s house and chapel. The Giant raged upon and through the wooden planks and timbers, seeking their dismemberment, disregarding the bruises, cuts, and splinters they requited, leaving stains and blood to cover the debris.
No one in Fr. Goodnow’s chapel was unfamiliar with mobs, nor with the sounds they might make. These were Catholics, after all, some of them having fled Know-Nothings back in New England. And though Free-Staters, aided by the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Company, had founded Indianola, Slave-Staters were proliferating. Bloody Kansas was seeping in. Everyone expected the destroying spirit of John Brown — if not he himself — to appear, soon, in lead of chaos. Fr. Goodnow’s flock awaited wolves. So they were not taken aback when terrible sounds began. Patrick Murphy was instantly at the door, preparing his rifle. His sons, joined by the Milne brothers, quickly moved to turn over furniture, to prepare for a siege. Mr. Hutchinson directed his wife to take Joanna, Mrs. Murphy, and the Murphy girls aside. Communion had just ended. Fr. Goodnow hastily put the ciborium into the meager tabernacle. He turned to help the men.
The Giant crushed the chapel, not knowing it was a chapel, barely knowing it was even there. It was only a barrier to his rage, like every other building and body in Indianola. Fr. Goodnow’s entire house collapsed. There was no siege. Patrick Murphy saw no mob. Mr. Hutchinson still sat, not even having ended the quick embrace of his wife. The foot of the Giant, suddenly shod with the roof of the house, brutally put them all against the earth and, a moment later, was gone, and all of them were buried, and all but two of them were dead. While the Giant rambled madly onward, westward to the Big Blue River, unthinkingly but unerringly to the undiscovered Hole, dust settled upon the end of Indianola. Fires fled from stoves and lamps. People still with breath were moaning. Fr. Goodnow and Joanna slept in blood — theirs, and the Giant’s.
Fr. Goodnow awoke before anyone had come to investigate his home. There were few enough able to investigate in any event, and they were more immediately concerned with their own kin in other fallen homes. Now, it is difficult for one who is not a Catholic to understand, even to countenance, what Zebediah did first when he awoke. As by the Age in which Scott and Helen lived, the life of men has become so thoroughly demystified that solicitude for a cup full of silly little bits of bread simply seems deranged. Yet before Zebediah’s eyes, as he awoke, lay the fallen ciborium, and coming out of it, scattered amid the remains of the meager tabernacle, was the consecrated bread. The Body of Christ lay naked, struck down, before Zebediah. (The wine, the Blood, had spilled away.) Not even truly aware of what had passed, Zebediah brought himself up and, without even a glance at his own wounds, he delicately — shakingly — wiped the bread, restored it to the ciborium, stood the ciborium upright, and put the lid in place. Since no one witnessed this act of solicitude for his Lord, and the only proof of it was in Joanna’s repetition, in her memoir, of Zebediah’s own testimony, there were those who would one day regard the story as self-serving hagiography. Such people, of course, tended to be those who also dismissed the later (and more significant) events during the Skirmish on Titan, if not the entirety of Bl. Zebediah’s tale.
Nevertheless, it is a fact that Zebediah Goodnow — twenty two; merely come to Kansas, at nineteen, to stake a farmland claim; only reluctantly the priest and shepherd of Indianola’s dozen Catholics — found himself just this side of violent death and, yet, gave his first thoughts to the safety of Christ.
Canto 3
Zebediah’s mistake had been to come to Kansas by himself. It was not the sprinkling of misfortunes that had turned him from his farm. Those had been commonplace, after all: rust on the spring wheat, cut-worms on the corn, so very little money in circulation. He had never expected untroubled prosperity. Yet there on his claim, in his shelter beside the labored soil, he was alone. And before Zebediah could secure a good young wife, Father Xavier arrived to plant the Church in Indianola, and Zebediah, sick for a home, let his childhood Faith redirect him. Had it not been for Xavier’s eccentric promotion of Zebediah — and Bishop Hoecker’s panicked ordination of the unfinished alumnus upon Xavier’s accidental death — Zebediah would never have gained his sacerdotal powers and pastoral responsibilities. Had it not been for Zebediah’s loneliness, he’d now be nurturing peach trees on the land he no longer claimed.
Zebediah spent the day helping the other survivors gather bodies from the devastation. The wounded were being cared for. A rider had been sent to Topeka but had not yet returned. Since no family members, apart from Joanna, had survived among his flock, Zebediah, as their Father, decided for their immediate burial. The Giant had not touched the small parish cemetery. The others helped Zebediah with the burials. Zebediah then blessed some water, sprinkled it on the graves, and, while the others tended to their own, spoke the graveside rituals. Impelled by grief, he continued praying, repeating antiphons, arbitrarily reciting the Pater Noster, calling upon fragments of the Mass, asking for mercy, asking for peace. Exhausted, he found an unbroken chair, and sat, and prayed as shadows surrounded him, as tinges of sunlight crawled to the tops of shattered things, to jump off at last and vanish in the dusk.
Joanna had been remarkably unharmed — physically — as unharmed as Zebediah, only cut and bruised and dazed. Upon seeing her parents dead, and being not even fourteen, she had wailed like a child; but, being nearly fourteen, she had controlled her wailing and turned, like him, to prayer. She had followed him all day, at a remove as he worked, relentless in her careful sorrow even as the ground took her mother and father. She now slept, wrapped in blankets, at Zebediah’s feet. She wouldn’t go to the shelter the others had raised. She refused to leave him. He didn’t object. Had he been a farmer, he would have let her stay out of simple charity; as a priest — as an alter Christus — his obligation was greater. Joanna was one of his sheep, an orphaned, solitary lamb. Her safety was his task; his presence was her solace.
The night was fine, and rain was unlikely, but it was foolish to remain in the open. Zebediah looked down at Patrick Murphy’s rifle in his lap. He could barely see it in the starlight. He tapped the stock. Quite certainly he could shoot a wolf, or a Shawnee, or an armed Abolitionist, if things came to that. Yes, that he might find himself in such a fight, after such a day, would surely be unfair. Smirking, he shook his head at Heaven, snorted, and chose to presume on God’s fairness. He relaxed his hand on the rifle and closed his eyes. It had taken him many hours to believe that a Giant had attacked them; but he could not deny the insistent witness of those who had seen, nor misconstrue the devastation, so unlike that of any storm or human assault, shaped instead by the flailing of powerful, enormous limbs. And then there was the bellowing, which Zebediah had heard but not had the chance to apprehend as a voice. The others told him what they, too, had heard. Some knew it was the language of Papists. That made them look suspiciously at Zebediah, as if the Giant had been in cahoots with the Whore of Babylon; but when they repeated, as best they could, what the Giant had been bellowing, Zebediah, as ever careful of mobs, pretended not to recognize it. After a moment, his weary and damaged neighbors decided not to be suspicious of the young priest.
In retrospect, the syllables of tormented thunder were clear to Zebediah. The Giant had been bellowing familiar words in a gasping chant of rage, a stumbling, gutted lament, a winding away of sanity: Domine non sum dignus, Domine non sum dignus, Domine non sum dignus. Lord! I am not worthy.
Canto 4
Were it empty of people, the Dyne-Quik would have been stark, presenting no presence, a precisely manufactured module of white porcelain, stainless steel, and turquoise vinyl. It was its purpose to be set beside a road and thereafter provide food unobtrusively. It would never acquire a personality that might attract one sort of folk and repel another; it was not a bar with a jolly past nor a restaurant with a cool demeanor. It was a simple place to eat. And because people tended to come and go, and linger little, and keep to their own booths or stools, Eddie could enjoy his burger and fries, every single day, without making a friend. What’s more (and more to the point), against the stark setting of the Dyne-Quik, the glaring variety of strangers — many of them diverted briefly from the interstate — turned each of Eddie’s meals into a bacchanalia of misanthropy.
He found Susie during one such bacchanalia. Her pig-tails had been what Eddie chose to dislike. They were back below her ears, each a bundle of straw, gathered together and hacked short with a scythe. Eddie sneered: How childish! Which had nothing to do with Susie as such. Susie was simply the next on Eddie’s list — the list of everyone in the Dyne-Quik: the fat man with the whale-steak upper arms; the aging poolside-dame with the crispy-dried skin; the sack-dressed woman with the throttled-kitten voice; the pocket-protected man who told the boulder-buttocked waitress about his golf outing that day, where the ladies had served lunch, hot dogs, you see, and he’d had one, no, two, but that had been way back at eleven that morning and, boy, was he hungry now, blathering on, stupidly, emptily, his forkfuls of dinner tripping over his blather as Eddie and the waitress endured him...
Eddie’s searching for things to denigrate had made him, by the by, a little too aware of what people were doing. He realized that the pig-tailed woman was agitated. She was sitting upright on her stool, spreading and closing her bare legs, fumbling with her skirt, crossing and uncrossing her feet. Then, her skirt pulled up above her knees, her legs apart, she turned her stool, facing the booths to her left. Eyeing those who were ignoring her, she slipped her hand into her purse, which hung from her chair, and she dug around in it for something and found it and clenched it; and with her other hand she pulled her skirt towards her knees, closing her legs again, which she then opened slightly; and when the waitress behind the counter asked her something, the pig-tailed woman slapped her knees together and, no doubt about it, she blushed furiously.
Susie said something. The waitress dug into her apron and, from her book, gave Susie the check. Susie removed her hand from her purse — and, outside her notice, something was lifted out. It fell behind her, under her stool. It was crumpled. Small. White. As Susie rose, quickly, she tugged her skirt down, nearly stumbling against the stool. She left some money and scurried to the door. Eddie was fascinated by her agitation and watched her leave. He watched her through the window. In the twilight she turned back to look, as if expecting someone behind her. She saw Eddie. She froze. Oddly, she didn’t seem embarrassed. In fact, Eddie thought she may have smiled. Then she started running down the road, to the bus stop, perhaps, or to her home nearby. Once she had disappeared, Eddie did not return to his mealtime misanthropy. Somehow he was no longer thinking of the pig-tailed woman as childish. His fascination bewildered him. He turned to look at what she had dropped, which was still there on the floor. Furtively, with unexpected energy, he left his booth and, bending down, scooped up her item, shoved it in his pocket, and then, self-conscious, pretended he was on his way to the restroom, and so continued there, but once there felt foolish and flushed the toilet without using it and finally returned to his booth. No one had really noticed him. He removed her item and, feeling like a thief, inspected it in his lap.
He felt contempt for himself as he absurdly hoped for a monogram of her initials. Did women use monograms? He had never really dealt with an abandoned handkerchief before. As it was, the handkerchief was actually a pair of panties — and Eddie had no idea what to make of that.
Canto 5
Susie had not intended to drop her panties. She had not expected that the black-haired boy, who had been watching her leave, would soon possess them. She had not imagined that the next time she was in the Dyne-Quik, the boy would be there, and that he would sit beside her at the counter and coyly, casually, portentously and flippantly set the panties, folded like a handkerchief, beside her plate, and nervously — rakishly! — declare, “These fell off you,” as if they had fallen off her, escaping across her thighs, over her knees, and past her toes. Given that she was then, as before (as often before), wearing only a skirt (panties in purse if her brazenness failed), the boy underestimated the warming intimacy of his words. Susie had not intended, expected, nor ever imagined that the first gift from her first boyfriend would be an article of her discarded modesty.
A sealed well can dry up or eventually burst. Susie burst. Eddie burst. They were submerged in each other before they knew it. It wasn’t long before they considered it love. But don’t suppose that Eddie was thereby softened and therefore abandoned his general bitterness. Quite the opposite! For it turned out that Susie was also fond of despising her neighbors; and together the young lovers would sneer at the big-footed, wide-eared, cross-eyed, cow-voiced, rat-dressed, garbage-scented, half-brained morons and all of their painfully irritating idiocies. This unity in misanthropy exhilarated Eddie and Susie. Indeed, having each other, it was unnecessary to withhold any of their contempt. With each safely available to the other, neither relied on any human charity to avoid the abyss of isolation. Damn the rest! Eddie had Susie; Susie had Eddie. And thus, for quite a while, they pretended they didn’t care about the remainder of mankind.
So it was, one day, that Scott brought Helen to the colorless Dyne-Quik near the shrine of Bl. Zebediah. They were on their way back to Houston. Helen was hungry — for that matter, so was Scott — and had naturally asked him to stop for some food. No, no, she didn’t want the sandwiches he had packed, nor the thermos of iced tea. Yet, troubled by so much else, and much as he scolded himself for such pettiness, Scott had begun to worry about being recognized. The futility of the day was inclining him to hide, to hurry home. Credulous Astronaut? Foolish Man! But Scott Winslow Hale had never hid, and the unusual and cheerful lucidity of his dying wife urged him to leave the road for a brief and normal meal. A burger, a turkey club, or a coney with mustard — and fries, to be sure, and a strawberry shake...
The day had been long. The shrine was not a place of tranquil retreat, but of bustle, of pains collected and seeking remiss, of multitudes of fallen, desperate, believing folk. There was, as well, not much coherence. There was no perfect little grotto of The Virgin, no instructions from Her to “have the people come here in procession,” no spring from which to draw bottles of miraculous water. There was only the cavernous Hole and its story, and the wind, the healing wind from within it, and the accretion of hope over the decades. Only slowly had an Order been established to guard the shrine, to police it somewhat, to maintain the hospital nearby, to say Masses at the chapel, to keep the hawkers of relics in line. Yes, it was an odd thing to have such a superstitious place in the United States, and it had not been able fully to flourish as some North American Lourdes; but somehow the typical sprouting of businesses — the restaurants and shops and motels for the pilgrims — eventually made the Shrine of Zeb no more alien to Kansas than any other amusement park. And like an amusement park it was exhausting. As the wind could not be bottled, healing could be had only beside the Hole. One had to await one’s turn. There were trees for shade, benches for rest, and parasols, hats, and ices for sale; but the line was more a sun-baked throng, and it was broad and dense and slow.
Helen had been comfortably buoyed by her faith, but Scott, fractured by his desperation, would have preferred an afternoon of frantic dogfights. All of it distempered him. Hours later, he felt as off, and he was not disposed to patiently bear the denigration of Helen by a pair of delinquents.
Canto 6
The next morning began Zebediah’s afterlife. He had fallen asleep in his chair. He’d awoken, once, not from a dream but into a dream: his recurrent vision of a man with a glass face and a suit of silver leaf, of an argument in a barren, starlit place, of the Betrayer Iscariot speaking gleefully. And though the morning was fine — the sunlight insistent, the breeze attentive, the sky unaware of yesterday — Zebediah heard, in his mind, as water in a wheel, only the unceasing bellow of the Giant. There was nothing left for Fr. Goodnow in the wreckage of Indianola. He might help the others rebuild; he might get word to Bp. Hoecker; he might hold this outpost of the Faith. But some upheavals disallow such restoration. A sudden Giant was not an accident — especially a Giant crying out as a sinful communicant, in the ritual language of Mother Church.
Yes, in a definitive moment, Father Zebediah Goodnow resolved to pursue the Giant. But what of Joanna? Generous Mrs. Pucket, who had survived, would surely take in the orphaned child; but Mrs. Pucket was not Catholic. For Joanna to fade among the Protestants saddened Zebediah. Well, then, Joanna could instead be sent south to the Jesuit mission of St. Mary’s, among the Potowatami. That might even be fitting. After all, Joanna’s mother had been Potowatami. But, truly, Joanna was no more an Indian than Zebediah was a Saxon. And in any event, what of Father Goodnow’s obligation to her? Joanna, today as yesterday, was no less his lamb. He had no right to dispose of her. Then again, he had no right to endanger her. Such a ludicrous posse to hunt a Giant! One priest, barely a man; one orphan, merely a girl. Could one say Zebediah was being rational?
None of that mattered. Joanna would not leave him. Even when he told her bluntly that, whatever the risk, he intended to find the murderous Giant, she stayed. She fiercely embraced the chance to understand the thing that had killed her parents. Joanna, too, had heard the bellowing. It disturbed her that such a creature would know such words — would use such words. She had to understand. This astonished Zebediah, for her desire was his own. There was no dissuading either of them. Together they would find the Giant; together they would learn its meaning. And so, from his home and hers, they scavenged supplies and fitted two horses, then gathered the things they could not abandon, and prayed on their knees for guidance and strength, and called themselves fools, and under the pretense they were headed for St. Mary’s, said goodbye to their neighbors and headed away from Indianola.
It was not difficult to follow the Giant’s walk. The countryside had suffered his passage. Trees were snapped, earth was gouged, animals were struck. They saw a great bear cast down like an egg. Zebediah and Joanna, never having intended to confront the Giant in the first place, but only to follow and learn, nonetheless paused at the bear. The corpse seemed a warning; a reminder of recent, brutal deaths. Zebediah reached over to Joanna, put his hand on hers, and, with an unsteady voice, asked her if they should turn back. He feared for her more than himself — though he feared enough for himself. Joanna’s face hardened. “No.” Zebediah was embarrassed that he had to draw courage from his determined lamb; but he did; and he followed her as she rode on. They continued along the Kansas River, towards the Big Blue. Ft. Riley was in this direction. Had the news of Indianola reached the fort? The rider to Topeka, though he had prudently told no one of the Giant, had been clear about the devastation; such momentous news could spread quickly. Even now, the soldiers might be marching out to face what they assumed was some force of bloodthirsty men. Had they encountered the Giant already? To his own shame, Zebediah hoped that they had not; for if the Giant had been killed into silence by a fusillade of rifles or a Gatling gun, Zebediah, Joanna, and all in Indianola would have been granted only endings and mystery.
As it was, the Giant had gone no further than a cavernous hole in a hillside. Joanna looked into the darkness and crossed herself. Zebediah wondered: Has the Giant returned to Hades? Or is he from Elsewhere — yet so utterly enraged, that he would invade even the Realm of Satan?
Canto 7
Most of Kansas lay in the Great American Desert; but in its northeast were hills of loess and boulders, the imprint of absent glaciers. The rocky sort of wall before Zebediah was not unfamiliar. Yet there was something odd. As he inspected the surrounding land (to confirm that the Giant had really gone into the hole), Zebediah noticed a regularity to the ridges and cracks. He pointed it out to Joanna. No doubt they were seeing the ominous in nothing; yet it seemed they were about to step, not into a cavern, but into the gutted remains of some petrified leviathan. Or, as Joanna suggested: Some enormous snake. Zebediah rolled his eyes at God. Lord, You truly want to test us, don’t You? Noticing Father’s exasperation, Joanna wryly consoled him: “Maybe these serpents will be on our side.” Zebediah laughed — and was glad he was not alone on this quest.
Zebediah didn’t think that this hole was the den of the Giant. It didn’t give the appearance of being lived in. For what that appearance was worth, of course — Zebediah knowing nothing of the habits of Giants. Still, it seemed that the Giant had tossed and crushed the boulders as he passed, not as one might throw books or cups during a tantrum in one’s home, but as one might flail at the obstacles to one’s careening. Yes, surely, this hole went somewhere. Hades, indeed? China, perhaps? Or only Colorado? Whither the Giant went, anyhow. While Zebediah gathered materials for torches, Joanna tentatively crossed the threshold of the hole. A wind gently surrounded her; a restful wind. And she saw, deeper in, that the darkness was incomplete. In fact, out of the sun, within the shadows, a mild light arose from the walls; enough light, in fact, to travel by.
They led the horses into the cavern. The horses seemed unconcerned. After a dozen steps, the walls brightened. Then flared. The horses reared. Zebediah and Joanna, pulled by the horses, stumbled backwards. All of them were yanked forward. All of them fell. As the light dimmed and disappeared, they started to suffocate. Zebediah felt a shiver, a whirling, as though he were being jostled in every particle of himself. He glanced at Joanna, who was shaking, who looked up at him fearfully, clearly feeling the same shiver. And then they could breathe again. Soon Zebediah realized that the sky was in front of them. He looked back: only the depths. Had they been turned around? No. No; he reckoned not. The hole went somewhere, all right. The horses brought themselves upright. Joanna tripped as she rose; Zebediah caught her. Then, dusting themselves off and treading carefully, they left the cavern.
In her memoir, Joanna notes that she and Fr. Goodnow had no idea they were now on Mars. How could they have? Looking around, however, Joanna had a feeling they were not in Kansas anymore. Now, there is a favorite tactic of the Denier, and that is to enlist the Scientist in his nihilism. In years to come, when the Hole was only a hole and no one could reproduce a path to Mars, scientists could easily scoff; but it was rather better to demonstrate that Joanna was a liar. Early on, Heinrich Südler wrote many articles (especially in the Journal der fertigen Anfrage of October 1872) demolishing Joanna’s report that Mars had two little moons — one of which rose in the west! Then, in 1877, Phobos and Deimos were discovered. Meanwhile, K. V. Obdurumatov, in his Polnoye Znaniye Mars, asserted the obviousness of water on Mars, noting especially the obvious snows of Nix Olympica. Yet, once it was shown that Obdurumatov had, well, over interpreted his data on the Martian albedo, Joanna’s claims of widespread Martian aridity seemed, well, more plausible. But, goodness! Joanna also claimed that the sky of Mars was pink! Pichél Malin, of the Académie des Scientifiques Suffisants, demonstrated repeatedly that Mars surely had such a thin atmosphere that it would be a dark blue. Among the few of Joanna’s Martian details that these scientists would grant her was the omnipresence of rust-red dust; but, really, any fool with a nickel telescope could see that about Mars.
It had never crossed Joanna’s mind that so many people would doubt even her accounting of the weather on Mars. In some ways it was the cruelest strike at her integrity. Joanna only wrote what she saw. But — of course — that was true of the rest of her memoir, too.
Canto 8
Across from him in the booth, Helen had been talking exuberantly to Scott about the prayer she had created as a child — her prayer to Zebediah — which she had, after many attempts, finally recalled at the shrine, and which she had recited as the restful wind surrounded her, and which she knew Good Zebediah had heard and passed on to Jesus; when suddenly she diminished. She began repeating her words, jumbling them, dropping them, losing them. The rigidity returned. Her hands trembled. She blinked once, then not again. With some resignation, Scott came around to her, slid onto the seat beside her, and held her close. It was nothing, though; nothing remarkable; nothing unfamiliar. Helen had only reverted to what she had become. Her recurrent lucidity that day — her fluidity — her exuberance, her energy, her absurd normality, had been the aberrations, and she was unable to carry them any longer.
Susie was careful never to be doe-eyed or the like. Her love for Eddie could never be open to ridicule, for there was nothing more disgusting to Susie (and Eddie) than a simpering girl. Well, better to say, that simpering girls were high on their long list of things to revile. Still, Susie’s heart occasionally impelled her to show some affection for her boyfriend, and so now she reached across the table and placed her hand on Eddie’s. He glanced down as if a fly had landed there; then he smirked and said, “We can go to your apartment in a sec,” which was not the reaction she wanted (though it stirred a welcome physical warmth). As she let him finish his burger, she surveyed the diner. She could tell that several of the dull-eyed patrons were pilgrims to that ridiculous shrine. Gleefully she started pointing them out to Eddie.
Anna Minster watched Scott and Helen Hale from the other side of the Dyne-Quik. Though she had followed them to Kansas and then to the shrine, she had not followed them to the Hole. All day she had waited, parked under a tree, on the road back to the interstate. She had waited until their car reappeared, and followed them again. Truth be told, she had been grateful the Hales had stopped here at the diner. The day had dried Minster out; the glass of ice, coated in soda pop, was a relief. She resented Hale for being such a primitive Catholic, forcing her to wait, all day, in the Kansas sun, outside a primitive healing shrine, of all places. But, in the end, such evidence of his weakness only gladdened her, and was well worth the discomfort. Mr. Astronaut? Mr. Space Age? Minster snorted. Mr. Dark Age, more like.
For Susie and Eddie, the regular presence in town of the desperately sick was an invigorating sideshow. The freaks were humans pure: boil-covered, limb-twisted, cancer-ridden, spittle-draining, blind, deaf, and lame. There was nothing to penetrate, nothing to discern about their worthlessness. They were obvious. Especially the brain-dead. Look at that one! She’s gone all glassy-eyed! Another block of wood! And as Susie and Eddie watched, the man with the wooden-woman put several bills on the table and gathered her and their belongings and started leading her out. As the man and woman passed, Susie and Eddie suppressed their snickering; but not enough. Scott heard them and caught Susie’s eyes. He was momentarily bewildered. A tremor went through Helen and Susie belched a laugh. Scott realized what was being done to his wife and, without the restraint of engaging a Chinese MiG, he roared at Susie: “What the fuck is wrong with you?” Susie went white-faced and silent. Scott, genuinely flummoxed by such cruelty from a stranger, finally growled at her: “Don’t go near my wife ever again.” Then he glared at Eddie, who cowered, and hastened Helen out. Of course, everyone in the Dyne-Quik had witnessed the clash. As happens afterwards, the dead silence soon became a busy chatter. No one was sure what had happened. A few noted that the man sure looked like that astronaut guy. Quickly they agreed that he was. Hey, wasn’t that his sick wife? But who are those two? What was all that about?
Minster didn’t immediately follow the Hales. Instead she watched the anger between the pig-tailed woman and the black-haired boy. The woman spat some words at him and stormed out. Then Minster pondered. Ever again, Mr. Astronaut had said. Minster grinned. And with that, she embarked upon another of her misconstructions.
Canto 9
Naturally enough he asked Helen whether she was planning to get married. She answered, “Not yet,” for at the time she was not even engaged. Prior to this interview, back in Personnel, she had taken the typing and shorthand tests; now Mr. Chandler handed her a document and asked her to read it aloud. It was very technical. Her ease with words like “dynamometer” pleased Mr. Chandler, so Helen became the secretary for his Section, which was Vehicle Emissions. She earned $110 a week. Though her father was made giddy by his daughter’s plum position, Helen accepted her hiring with calm. She had expected to be hired. No, never because she thought herself entitled; rather because she just expected good things in life. Perhaps the assurance in her manner had also pleased Mr. Chandler. In any event, Helen had her job, and of course she thanked God for His generosity.
Every day, eight to five, Helen sat at her desk outside Mr. Chandler’s small office, in the large room with the seven Engineers of his Section, and typed all their formal reports and correspondence. Typing could be tedious, even with her humming IBM Executive, since Helen had to insert, strike, and remove a little plastic typit for each mathematical or scientific symbol. One day she actually resented the tedium of it all and sat back and stopped. She absently fingered her buttercup collar — then winced when she realized she had probably left a carbon-ink stain. Now distracted, she glanced through the many papers she had to file. She paused on a field report from a dealer and thoughtfully read the attached customer complaint — a long letter from an Air Force officer about noisy exhaust in his ‘55 Fairlane. Thus it was the fault of vehicle emissions that Helen discovered Scott.
Helen had paused for several reasons. The letter was direct, yet polite, with a manner she liked. The writer gave not only his branch and rank but his entire name. “Major” stirred her; “Winslow” tickled her. And in telling of his Fairlane woes, Maj. Hale casually mentioned that he had been headed to Mass. Later, during lunch, Helen was still thoughtful. Lucy noticed. Lucy worked in Vehicle Safety. She enjoyed disgusting the other girls with pictures of cadavers damaged in safety experiments. To call her a troublemaker would be unkind. When Helen explained her thoughtful mood, Lucy immediately told her she must write a careful yet flirtatious letter to this intriguing Catholic Warrior. The other girls egged Helen on. She told them, good-naturedly, that they were nuts. It would be reckless. Lucy, however, insisted it was an opportunity; knowing Helen, she slyly called it providential. “Snag yourself a man, Helen!”
The ribbing didn’t last much beyond lunch; the girls moved on to other amusements. But Helen wondered. Suddenly there was something unfinished in her life; something not begun. All week long it agitated her. Even that Sunday, at Mass, she was distracted — and with so little warrant! Just a letter from a stranger. Oh, Helen tried to mind the rituals. She tried. At the Sanctus bells — attend, attend, attend! — she knelt; finally, only at the Consecration did she focus. She forced her mind from the mundane. In the silence of the church she told herself: “There. Father is saying it. Hoc est enim corpus meum.” Father genuflected; he elevated the Host; Helen, and everyone around her, made the Sign of the Cross. Helen looked on the Host and said: “My Lord and my God.” As Communion ended and her fanciful, silly, schoolgirlish wonderings whirled upwards again, Helen found herself annoyed at You. You were so clearly up to something. She knew Your hand was in it all. She sensed Your hand as she knelt in the church. The physical presence of Your Son was only affirming Your presence — then and always. And more than that. Christ might stay in the tabernacle, in the ciborium, after Mass; and the sanctuary lamp might burn, day to day, to let us know He is there; but at Mass His being there — Your being there — is an act. A supernatural motion. An eddy of the Divine. An eddy that grabbed and turned Helen.
If You were going to clutter poor Helen’s head with thoughts of Maj. Scott Winslow Hale, even during Mass, even during Your own holy sacrifice, then Helen would, that Monday, get his address from the file and snag him for herself. And why not? She knew You wanted her to.
Canto 10
Lt. Hale was flying his F-86 Sabre at its ceiling of 44,000 feet, when a MiG-15 jumped him from its ceiling of 50,000. The Chinese liked to do that to the Americans. Hale barely evaded the MiG. Then his Sabre started tumbling. Increase thrust; check gauges; raise the nose. Telemetry on the mark. Tight deceleration; turn; inverted spin. Altimeter 27,000. Negative g-loads, forcing the canopy up… He managed to survive. Ripped his knickers, all right; but he had not been rattled. Hale had held. So how had this same man come to be shouting — God help him, cursing — at a woman he didn’t even know? Scott sat at home, Helen safe in bed. He had angrily driven all night. Staring wearily into his living room, the low morning light glinting off his glass of scotch, Scott marveled, again, at this alien feeling of being unable to hold, of being rattled.
Not Helen’s sickness, not its relentless course, not the burden upon them, not a thing during these terrible months had rattled him. Only in the past two days had his temper eroded; only then did he become unlike himself; and only now, well drowned in his thinking, had he even begun to understand why. For by actually setting out to the shrine, by seeking a supernatural cure, Scott was no longer granting God any leeway: God would have to commit; and in his miserable certainty that Helen would die, Scott had irrationally accepted that God, being done with Helen, intended to disregard Bl. Zebediah. There would be no successful intercession, no granted miracle. Scott had, rather simply, despaired. Indeed, having had, all at once, despaired of everything, Scott had never been precisely desperate, for he had chosen to approach the shrine without even a cynical hope. He was already finished.
Recognizing the choice he had made, Scott felt himself estranged from God — a disgrace to God. He thought again of Bl. Zebediah. He retrieved his copy of Joanna’s memoir, to commiserate with the young priest. Scott found the passage. Zebediah and Joanna, having left the Discommunity, were with the Little Family. It was morning; the two moons were up. The Caravan was headed to King’s City. As he and Joanna rode alongside, Zebediah puzzled over what later commentators called the transmorphism of the Martians. Joanna was amused by his scholarly rambling. Zebediah admitted that Fr. Xavier had been keen to make him a solid Thomist. At that, Zebediah seemed sad. Now, Joanna, as one of his tiny flock, was aware that being a priest had been hard for Zebediah; and as they talked she asked about him. Soon he confided in her. Unabashedly he called himself “a disgrace to God.”
By this, Zebediah intended no melodrama. He recalled for Joanna one of the many times he had failed God. Another Communion was at hand. Fr. Xavier elevated the Host before his flock: Ecce Agnus Dei. Behold the Lamb of God. All had to be worthy to receive Him; all knew they weren’t. Domine non sum dignus. In Zebediah’s case, however, non sum was more than a humble acknowledgement of his human disposition to sin. “I was actually in sin. Mortal sin. Me, an alumnus! I wasn’t even technically worthy. As usual I had not promptly confessed. Once, before absolving me, Father told me I had grave problems. I wonder if his heart was really in it when he finally said te absolvo. At the following Mass I was certain he was glaring at me as he placed the Host on my tongue. I’m certain he was thinking: This is the one, Lord, the one with the grave problems. I hated to confess, much as I knew I should. So I had memorized a prayer for non-communicants, which I recited silently while everyone else went forward: As though Thou were already come, I embrace Thee and unite myself entirely to Thee; never permit me to be separated from Thee.” Zebediah looked upward. “But I suppose You did permit me, after all. You are far too indulgent of my free will. I know that You create the world, moment to moment; but so often it seems You merely permit — or meddle —”
Leaving the passage unfinished, Scott set the memoir aside. For now he found no comfort in the failings of Bl. Zebediah. He thought of his beloved Helen and could do nothing but despair. He was so very, very tired. Aware of his own bitterness, Scott muttered: “Please, God. Meddle already.”
Canto 11
Life, it seemed, had been removed; or never been, perhaps. Zebediah and Joanna beheld a plain of sand and stones. Everything was red as rust. Even the sky was reddish; a tawny pink. And the sun was — smaller? Sharper, anyhow. Zebediah looked behind them and saw, miles off, what appeared to be a mountain, treeless, snowless, rock upon rock, below a cloud of dust that spiraled upwards, for miles, like a ponderous tornado. Then, at his side, he heard Joanna shriek; though it was a strangely quiet shriek, not muffled so much as thinned. He turned to her and gaped. Now outside the dim cavern, he could see that her skin had grown to stone, as red as the plain. He realized, from her terrified look, that she was seeing the same change in him. He inspected himself; then her again; then the horses. Even the horses had been petrified!
Except, they were not petrified. Though his skin was now a kind of stone, it was as supple as before. He could move without difficulty. The horses, too. He asked Joanna if she was okay. Wonderingly she admitted feeling fine. Their voices were as thin as her shriek had been, but clear enough. Then, for a moment, neither spoke. Joanna’s initial feeling, upon their arrival here, had been, to say the least, correct; indeed, though she still had no idea they were on Mars, it was enormously obvious they had left Kansas far behind. Yet she had no urge to return. She didn’t know how she had acquired this peculiar skin, but its imposition seemed not an assault but a kindness, as if someone were helping her. She felt armored. “I think our new skin is a gift,” she said to Father; and he agreed; and this emboldened them both.
Still, a terrible barrenness confronted them. They saw the footprints of the Giant headed into the desert. No oases were in view. Before they set out, Zebediah had them each confirm their supplies. They still had their extra clothing, their blankets, their tools, even Murphy’s rifle; but their food was desiccated, and when they opened their canteens they discovered the water was gone. They looked bemusedly at each other. And then, struck by a thought, Zebediah opened his mouth and touched his tongue. “Dry,” he said. Her mouth, Joanna acknowledged, was the same. Yet neither felt dried out. “This must be why we’ve been made into stone,” he murmured; “Water can’t exist, wherever we are.” Which was partly true: The water in their canteens and food had vaporized because the thin air of Mars could not keep it liquid. Grinning, Zebediah said: “I guess we won’t be needing an oasis.”
Joanna doubted her new skin would even burn in the sun; but prudently she put on her wide-brimmed hat. If nothing else, it made her less self-conscious. (She dismissed Father’s playful remark that no gargoyle was ever as fetching.) Zebediah, too, put on his hat, the one he used to wear when farming. Then they set off, as if merely continuing their trek across the Kansan countryside. Now, to be sure, no human (nor horse) could normally have survived the surface of Mars; but as would be later explained, they had been adapted to Mars. They could even breathe its hostile, meager air. This explanation would be given later, however; for now, they carried on. The Giant’s footprints led them, with frequent staggerings and sprints. Zebediah wondered if the Giant, having nothing but sand to ravage, had calmed himself at all. “Do you suppose,” asked Joanna, “that the Giant has been changed to stone, like us?” Zebediah shrugged, but thought it likely. Many hours later, after resting and eating (but not, of course, drinking; and the eating had indeed been odd, being dry and all), they came upon a great impress in the sand, beside a stand of boulders. Yes, from the looks of it, it seemed the Giant had calmed himself, at least enough to sleep; or perhaps he had collapsed from exhaustion. There was no telling how long the Giant had slept, but Zebediah hoped that it had been long enough to reduce the Giant’s lead on them.
And where was the Giant leading them, in the end? Why come here, to this otherworldly desert? Zebediah assumed the desert was just a passage. How could it be otherwise? It was dust and emptiness. Then Zebediah tensed unhappily. No life. What if the Giant had come here to die?
Canto 12
During the day, a misshapen moon, not even half the proper size and with an unfamiliar face, rose in the west and sped across the sky. It was just another oddity. The sun, meanwhile, proceeded normally; when it seemed like evening to Zebediah, the sun’s position concurred with him; and night presented the usual constellations, albeit farther north. As the sun had set, a breeze arose, as laconic and steady as one from the sea. They found a stand of boulders and, using it as a windwall, set up their camp. They tied the horses to stakes in the ground. They could not start a fire (and had nothing beyond kindling, anyhow). It had been chilly; now it grew to winter. Zebediah suspected that without their stone skins, they’d have been frostbitten. Stone skins or not, they wrapped themselves in every fabric they had and, the impropriety notwithstanding, huddled close.
Given this intimate condition, Father discouraged any talk and whispers. Thinking nothing of it either way, Joanna obliged, and was soon asleep. Warm but not settled, he looked over at his pack. He had brought only a few small things unfit for this quest, things he had treasured; but of course the most important thing he had brought, the thing he could not have abandoned, was the ciborium and its contents. Earlier, when he and Joanna had been confirming their supplies and found the desiccation of their food, he had also anxiously checked the ciborium. Yes, he knew that the consecrated bread would react as bread, yet remain substantially the Body of Christ; it had dismayed him nonetheless to see the Hosts slightly withered. He thought they might become brittle now, in the cold; so he reached out, pulled the pack under the blanket, and endured the brief canvas chill.
With the wind about them, he and Joanna had said only a Pater Noster, an Ave Maria, and a Gloria Patri before huddling for sleep. Needless to say, Fr. Goodnow had not been able, of late, to recite his Divine Office. Since the Giant’s attack, Zebediah had managed only halfhearted compline and lauds. (He trusted God to forgive this halfheartedness.) He had also neglected to pack his breviary. Now in a strange desert, swaddled and physically altered, so thoroughly cast out from his prior life, he recalled every bit of the Small Compline. True, he had said it nearly every day for a year; still, he was gratified it came to him whole, here and now, from the Psalms right through the prayer of Antiochus the Monk: ...And grant unto us, O God, a watchful mind, chaste thought, a sober heart, a sleep gentle and free from every satanic illusion...
It was when he said prayers such as these, and with such honesty, that he questioned his ongoing reluctance even to be a priest. But then, honesty alone, even in faith, did not make an alter Christus. Ah, whatever potential Zebediah may have possessed, surely Bp. Hoecker had been too fretful and impatient. One could understand his impatience, yes. It had been ten years since Mazzini and the Triumvirate had assassinated Pope Pius IX — and still the See of Peter was contested; still the City of Rome was dominated by the socialist Republic. Of all the Revolutions of ‘48, only that against the Papal Government had succeeded; of all the monarchs beset by radicals, only the Vicar of Christ had been murdered. Rome had become a beacon not of eternity but of evisceration. The Church in Europe was dying and Bp. Hoecker saw America as the Church’s haven. He was the Johnny Appleseed of Catholicism; there were scores of Indianolas in the States and Territories. When Fr. Xavier died, the Bishop feared for the sapling. He didn’t have another priest to send. Prematurely or not, Zebediah was ordained; and afterwards Father Goodnow pondered his hands, made instruments of grace. Zebediah now had a flock that relied on him. Heck and all, God relied on him! And Zebediah recalled his Matthew: If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross. It was either paradoxical or apt, that Zebediah’s Cross was to be a Christ.
As Zebediah nodded off, he supposed that his unsanctioned absence from Indianola — even if the sapling had been snapped — would fluster Bp. Hoecker. Yet maybe the Bishop could be consoled; for wherever Zebediah was, wherever he was headed, he was surely carrying the seed of the Church very far indeed.
Canto 13
What did Mechanos T-X48 really want with the sighing blonde, whose naked back arched in his metallic arms? What did the Thing from Ganymede really want with the screaming brunette, whose magnificent breasts his tentacles jostled? What did the 85th-Century Hyper-Manoid really want with the writhing redhead, whose thighs glowed under her tattered dress? It’s hard to say, for however extensive the flesh and the fainting, domination of Earth always seemed to be the actual goal. Yet despite the ten-cent tawdriness of Planetary Tales, Astounding Space Adventures, and the rest, their roots were in Joanna’s memoir. Didactic retellings of her Martian adventures eventually gave way to historical tales about journeys she never had or Venusians she never met. Over time, stories about outer-space aliens entirely abandoned verisimilitude and so proliferated, that by the 1920s there were many who deemed Joanna’s memoir merely the earliest and quaintest work of scientific fiction.
For a boy growing up around 1930, who believed wings were most beautiful that bore rivets and polish; and regarded the stars as far destinations; and was, all in all, a boy, there wasn’t a lot of excitement in Joanna’s Martians. The Martians that Joanna actually met had no rayguns, no rocketships, no mechanical brains, no lascivious intentions, and no designs on her world. And however genuine the boy’s piety, he simply preferred his tales to be more rip-roaring and, well, less pious. As he aged, though, he recovered some of his kindergarten love for Joanna and her Prince, and was able to enjoy the richer sort of alien that was the real Martian. Scott discarded his boyish interest in the pulpish sort of Martian as one might discard dragons for crocodiles. Less excitement in that, perhaps; but certainly more reward, not least because Scott grew fonder, too, of Zebediah.
In any event, it was on the second day of the quest that the Martians were met. Joanna and Zebediah were moving onwards. The Giant’s walk was clear in the sand. Off to the south, the desert rose steadily to what seemed a jagged dune. The dune drew a long way both east and west, turning southward at both ends. Upon the dune, not a hundred yards away, were three figures. Zebediah saw first; then Joanna saw. They both stopped their horses. Before either could cast a word of surprise, the lean figures sprinted gracefully towards them. A dozen feet away, the three stumbled. It seemed that, once they got a close look at Zebediah and Joanna, the three were startled. They even stepped back, without actually fleeing. They seemed wary, now, although Zebediah couldn’t say for sure, since the three had no faces and hence no expressions to interpret.
They were taller than Joanna. Their hairless skin was the familiar stone. They had no mouths, ears, or noses. A recess encircled each of their egg-shaped heads. Within the recess, like a ring too small for its finger, was a band of thin white crystal, through which shadows shifted. Zebediah assumed this was the eye. The three certainly seemed to be seeing, and they had to be seeing with something. One of them had three arms, not two like the others; one had a tail of sorts spiraling around one leg; two each had a pyramid coming out of its sternum; none had the same number of fingers on any hand. They wore no clothes but, lacking anything suggestive of flesh, they didn’t really seem naked. For a time they stood and stared. Abruptly their skins began incandescing. They were rapidly blemished by light — threaded by rainbows — pricked by fire — swathed by sunsets. Stunned, Zebediah and Joanna could make nothing of it. Then Joanna noticed that the one in the center was coloring on both sides, while each of the others was only half coloring, towards the other two. “I think they’re talking,” she whispered. When all three began coloring towards her and Zebediah, Zebediah put his hands up in deference and, although certain he wouldn’t be understood, said hello and gave his name. None of them seemed to react. Their light was as vividly relentless. Joanna also said hello; also fruitlessly. “I don’t think they can hear us, Father.”
She dismounted, saying: “Maybe we can share pictures.” As she crouched to draw in the sand, the creatures flashed white. One leapt out and grabbed her. She yelped. They ran off with her. Shocked, Zebediah kicked his horse to pursue, fearfully thinking: Good God, what do they want with Joanna?
Canto 14
Helen’s first letter was sober and meticulous. It was also blunt. She saw no point in being coy, in tapping flint to stone, again, again, to draw some fire out. Instead she struck the match and invited Maj. Hale to court her. Now, by declaring Catholic marriage as her romantic goal — as, indeed, her only possible goal — and by vigorously assuring the Major of her unassailable chastity, Helen was calculating to repel him, should he be, against all her silly, girlish hopes, a wolf. Should he be instead a worthy man, he would welcome her prim and contractual approach — not least if she took care (as she did) to be feminine about it all. When he received the unusual letter, Maj. Scott Winslow Hale was nonplussed. Helen had calculated well, however, and even if someone like Lucy might consider the letter inadequately flirtatious, Helen’s invitation to courtship soon enchanted Scott.
Fortunately he was unmarried, indeed unattached, and his reply to her was a sober and meticulous acceptance of her terms. They began as strangers, of course, and cautious strangers at that. (Initially — prudently — Helen had given him no more than her first name and the number to a post-office box.) Yet soon they were writing with florid affection, lacking any other means of touch; and needless to say, the time came when words could not suffice. As Helen wrote him: I must confess to a desire to see a picture of you. If only to help me out of distraction as I am studying faces wherever I go wondering which combination of features has my Dear Scott! Not to mention the countless number of men who think I am leering at them, oblivious to my true intention of finding you... Does this sound obsessive?! Well I suppose it probably is!
Scott could not deny her desire and, self-consciously or not, sent her a portrait of himself (in dress uniform, naturally). Helen wrote back: I think I was a little affected by seeing your photo... there you are, this man I’ve been caring about more and more over the months. There you are! The feeling might be described as the feeling you get when you miss someone. Even though we don’t even see each other I get that sometimes. And seeing your face deepened that feeling somehow. Until then Helen had wanted a careful distance, whatever their flourishing mutual affection; but at last they agreed to meet. So they met. And met again. And again. To dance, to eat, to walk, to see. To know. And thus did their courtship, strangely begun, develop as You had always intended, directly to the certainty of love and onward to the necessity of marriage.
One day afterwards Helen awoke late and went thoughtfully to their kitchen. The milkman, whose truck was still horse-drawn, still brought the Hales their milk and eggs; but the insulated box on the porch was empty. Helen remembered there was no delivery till tomorrow and stole back into the kitchen, careful not to slam the door. She removed her slippers. The morning, nearing noon, was warm; but the tiles were pleasingly cool. She walked barefoot to the cupboard and paused with her hand on the handle. The brass leaf, small though it was, was detailed with veins. She hadn’t heard Scott as yet; still she knew he was there. Staring at the leaf she smiled. “I am Mrs. Scott Winslow Hale,” she said to the leaf — the same leaf that had been there yesterday, on this very same door. She had been Mrs. Hale yesterday, too. She would be Mrs. Hale tomorrow. Again she thanked You for Your generosity. She opened the cupboard and removed a bowl. She and Scott had frugally acquired their dishes from, of all places, the local theater, which ran a promotion every Wednesday: a dime for a cartoon, a feature, a B-movie, and a dish. At least the settings matched. She removed a second bowl. She would make Scott some cereal, too. There should be enough milk for them both. She opened the silverware drawer, brushed aside the book of green stamps, found a pair of spoons, and set places for herself and her husband.
She went looking for Scott. She found him sunk in a living-room chair. On the endtable beside him was a nearly empty glass of scotch. She leaned down and kissed him on the lips. He looked at her dazedly, half-awake. “My love,” she whispered. “I’m cured.” And Helen smiled — beatifically.
Canto 15
The suspicion on Scott’s face surprised her. He was ragged. He had not come to bed and was still in his street clothes. Helen realized that his glass of scotch was no mere drink but an uncharacteristic, misguided remedy, taken for a great unhappiness. In her erratic fervor of the past two days — however briefly lucid she had become — she had failed to notice his collapse. Had he so lost his hope? Helen pitied him, and chastised herself, and gracefully and gently folded into his lap, never turning her smile away, and drew his face close to hers and kissed him again. “I’m cured,” she repeated. “The sickness is gone. My head is mine. My body is mine. Nothing’s tugging me. Nothing’s wracking me. Nothing’s hurting me. I’m not struggling to hold. I’m not losing myself. Zebediah heard me. Jesus heard him.” She stroked his cheek. “You should never despair.”
Scott blinked. She was different. Yesterday, off and on, she had seemed no longer sick; but not like this. Yesterday there had been lights in the storm; today there was only the sun. She raised her eyebrows, inviting him to accept the miracle. He hesitated. She lay her head on his shoulder and, close to his ear, whispered: “My dearest, you must believe me.” She kissed him again. Deeply. She unbuttoned his shirt. “Did you miss me?” she asked. He easily confessed that he had. He thought to pull back, to be prudent, but her sudden, simple confidence drew him inward, quieting caution and doubt. Besides, it had been so long, their passion arrested, her body and mind unable to join. To be sure, there had been the greatest intimacy and love in the comfort, the mundane care, that Scott had given to Helen; but to be one flesh again...
It was an unexpected beginning to her renewal, but Scott had to admit that, as regards her being cured, their morning was somewhat dispositive. And everything she subsequently did — bathe, dress, converse with him — was seamless. She decided against cereal for breakfast and insisted on making the last of the eggs. She cleaned the dishes and pans. Never did she falter. Scott marveled at her as she moved, as she chattered brightly about this and that, as once she always had. There was nothing feverish about her actions, as if she were impelled by some delusive mania. Even her joy was less exuberant than tranquil and full. She was simply herself again. And when Scott was equally convinced of the miracle, they went to their knees and prayed. They repeatedly thanked God, and Jesus, and Zebediah, and the Blessed Virgin, and all in the Communion of Saints. They wept, finally.
Helen was scheduled to see her doctor that afternoon. He had insisted that she would need to see him after being dragged to Kansas. Dr. Page was planning to confirm the persistence of her sickness. Helen suspected that Dr. Page, apart from his contempt for witch-doctoring, was insulted that the Hales had sought a second opinion from God. The appointment was surely just an opportunity for Dr. Page to say, in so many words: I told you so. With a giggle Helen contemplated Dr. Page’s reaction. Scott was less amused and wondered if they shouldn’t reschedule. This was the last gasp of his despair, as he feared that Dr. Page would disprove what seemed to be. “O, ye of little faith,” Helen chided him, with a grin. That stung him more than she realized. He chose, then, not to be a disgrace to God, and went boldly with Helen to St. Joseph’s General Hospital and the office of Dr. Page. There, in the waiting room, a reporter came at them. Word on the wire was that Maj. Scott Winslow Hale, Virgo Astronaut, had fought with someone in Kansas. Helen, of course, had no memory of a fight; she gave Scott a bewildered look. The reporter asked if the Major cared to comment — uh, yeah, sorry about nabbing you here, Major — the reporter tipped his hat to Helen: I hope your wife is doing well. “Oh,” she answered blithely, and perhaps a bit mischievously: “I’m doing fine. In fact, I’m cured.”
Discretion about her miracle might have been wiser. The attention of God was one thing; the attention of all the world another. But Scott would never have stopped his beloved Helen from proclaiming her joyous good news — not even when it later got the attention of Rome and the FBI.
SECONDA CANTICA
Canto 16
Though the creatures were swift, Zebediah overtook them. Unfortunately he had no idea how to run down a gang. He circled around them to stop them, but two swung brightly to frighten his horse and the third escaped with Joanna. They played at him like this for the hundred yards, until they disappeared over the dune. As Zebediah topped it too, his horse balked; for it wasn’t a dune but the rim of a tremendous crater. The creatures slid down the inner bank, gaining distance. Zebediah hated embankments. Even with all of the rivers he had crossed in coming to Kansas, he had never become an able horseman. Clumsily he urged his horse into the crater. The horse slipped and trotted downwards. At least the incline was not severe. Meanwhile Joanna cried out to him, more distantly with every minute. He prayed to St. Michael to defend him in battle.
Much to the future disappointment of certain young boys, the excitement was brief. By the time Zebediah caught up with Joanna, she was sitting, calmly enough, on a small boulder. The creatures, of which there were dozens now, pooled around her from among the rocks, milling, running, agitated and sparkling, but seemingly meaning no harm. Though surrounded, Joanna was not beset. Having realized that the creatures were deaf and could not be alerted or startled by noise, Joanna called out to Zebediah as if they were merely on opposite sides of a street. “They haven’t hurt me, Father. They just set me here and went for the others. I don’t think they’re going to eat me.” She smiled crookedly. “At least I don’t see any knives. And look! There are children! Father, really, don’t fret, I think the whole town has come out to see the funny animal, is all...”
Zebediah supposed that she was right about there being children — there were surely little ones about, some so small that they had to be carried — and the crowd did not have the scent of a mob. They seemed to be ogling Joanna only in curiosity. Zebediah dismounted and neared Joanna, and when he was noticed he was not attacked, but only surrounded and ogled, too. He worked his way to Joanna’s side, careful not to alarm anyone. Light played upon the creatures, in a luxuriant tumult that, at times, was blinding. Then suddenly one creature, then another, yet another, then many and most, melted, not as candles to tables but in whole, in place, roiling, reshaping; and when the roiling was finished, many of the creatures resembled Joanna. Or Zebediah. Or the horse! Or the rifle — the saddle — the canvas pack — Joanna’s dress — Zebediah’s hat — whatever the creatures could discern...
Yet whatever their new forms, the creatures had retained their look of red stone. Those who had become objects had collected on the ground but were quickly donned by the others. The Joannas donned the dresses; the Zebediahs the hats. The horses discovered that they could not don the saddles and flashed in consternation; and so some briefly roiled out several arms to saddle themselves, while others were saddled by a Joanna or a Zebediah. The tumult of light continued; even those who were objects noisily incandesced. (Apparently they could hear each other even without their ring-eyes.) Those yet with limbs ran about and maniacally exchanged objects. Zebediahs took on dresses; Joannas took on saddles. A hat on a horse became a rifle as the horse became a pack. Grotesqueries invaded the chaos: Joannas grew spiral tails; horses grew rows of pyramids; rifles grew Zebediah’s eyes; saddles grew Joanna’s hands. Zebediah and Joanna — the true pair — were tugged and poked by nearby doppelgangers and roiling fingers, being invited to join in the manic fluidity. Quite naturally they recoiled. No one seemed angered by this refusal to join. The chaos went on. Joanna drew nearer to Zebediah, who had sat beside her. Now she was dismayed. Her voice trembled. “Father, they’ve gone mad. It’s diabolical! Look — they’ve even discarded their children!” And indeed the little ones toddled and stumbled and scurried among the distracted adults, or flailed upon the rocks. With a sniff Joanna rose up and pushed through the disorder.
She lifted the first infant she came upon. She didn’t hesitate to coddle the odd creature. She lowered her hand upon his agitated arms. He glowed in calm. Her act was witnessed by the other children, who began to mass around her, an island of solicitude in a self-absorbed sea.
Canto 17
Bacchus dissipated. The creatures each settled into a form. Not all were Joannas or Zebediahs or horses and so on; some had even reverted to their original selves. Others became — yes, chairs, though of course no chairs ever seen in Kansas; and couches; and pillows; and lamps — for there in the crater, the late afternoon was bringing long, broad shadows. Zebediah surmised that the lamps brought their light by humming, for the light had the ebb and flow of song. In general the creatures took among themselves as weary revelers. Though most of the children returned to the adults, some stayed comfortably with Joanna, and no one seemed to mind. Zebediah was considering retrieving Joanna’s horse — and wondering whether it was foolishness to seek a night’s shelter among these peculiar folk — when a hubbub arose. It was not another chaos. Zebediah looked up, behind himself, to where the creatures pointed.
At the lip of the crater, through what was clearly a longstanding path, came a wagon. Like everything else it was stone red, yet it was also nicely familiar to Zebediah: four wheels, tub, a tarp on raised ribs, equipment fastened to its sides, and two travelers on a seat. No animal drew it forward, however: it rolled under its own power; and the two travelers were, of course, two of the creatures. Drawing up behind the wagon, tied to the back by its reins, was Joanna’s horse, apparently rescued — or scavenged? — by the travelers. Behind the horse was another wagon; then a third. Neither had any visible riders. The creatures within the crater did not rush forward. They were quiet and wary. The caravan stopped. One of the travelers rose against his foot-rest, pointed behind himself, and colored briefly. The crowd gave a start and, clearly alarmed, began retreating.
A small party stayed and approached the caravan. As Joanna handed the infant to one of the larger children, and all the children retreated as well, Zebediah watched the party talk to the traveler. The colors were definitely mild; terse even. The party, after speaking briefly to the traveler, spoke among themselves, dimly. Then one of the party flashed at the traveler and the party retreated. As the traveler spoke dimly to his companion, he noticed Zebediah and Joanna. The travelers shone to each other, rapidly; then the standing one jumped down. He retrieved Joanna’s horse and walked him over. He handed Zebediah the reins. He flickered at length. Zebediah shrugged. The traveler considered Zebediah for a moment, before patting him on the shoulder — amiably, it seemed. Kindly. Then he waved at Zebediah to follow. “I think he’s realized we’re mutes without language,” said Zebediah, as he and Joanna followed.
The traveler shone once at the caravan. The three wagons began moving to where the crowd had vanished, among the rocks. Zebediah stopped walking and touched Joanna’s arm. She stopped, too. She asked what was wrong. “I don’t think we should stay,” he answered. “We managed well enough, sleeping out in the open.” He glanced up at the sky. “Besides, there’s still some daylight. The Giant is getting farther away. We should go.” She readily agreed. The traveler (having an eye that wrapped his head) saw that Zebediah and Joanna had stopped, and turned back to them. He tilted his head silently. Zebediah pointed at himself and Joanna and gestured that they wanted to leave now, back along the path. The traveler colored sharply, remembered they couldn’t understand him that way, and then with his hand gestured a violent spinning and a violent cutting, and ducked, and raised his arm to protect his head. Then he pointed up the path and gestured that something was coming. Zebediah noticed a stirring of dust at the lip of the crater; a steady, increasing wind. He recalled the ponderous tornado he had seen the day before. “I could be wrong,” said Zebediah to Joanna, “but I think a storm is coming.” He concluded that the caravan was seeking shelter — among folk, it seemed, who didn’t entirely welcome the travelers. It was likely a terrible storm. The traveler, gesturing firmly, insisted that they follow him. Uncertainly, but prudently, Zebediah and Joanna decided to obey.
It turned out there were deep caves in the side of the crater. The entire caravan entered the earth. A storm did come. Its howling enormity infused the walls. Fugitive sands made their wind-spent way into the tunnels. And yes, upon the harried desert, the storm erased the Giant’s walk.
Canto 18
Minster decided to watch the black-haired boy. The Hales would keep. Mr. and Mrs. Space Age were surely headed back to Houston anyhow — and Minster already knew where they lived. No, there was something to be had from this boy. Minster could tell. After the pig-tailed woman stormed away, the boy fumed in his booth. He was facing Minster (but had no idea she was watching him). She saw him struggle. “Yes, little boy,” Minster whispered. “Should you follow your woman? Or damn her and finish your food? Follow her, boy. Show me what’s going on. Follow her. Go.” Minster always whispered at her targets as if her words were motive, as if her unheard admonitions converted destiny. After a moment — his every action infuriated — the boy cursed, dropped his food, yanked some money from a pocket, threw the money at the table, and left the Dyne-Quik. Minster followed.
Susie was nowhere in sight. That made Eddie angrier, as if she were trying to evade him and make everything more difficult. Refusing to let her escape, he headed to her apartment. God, how he wanted to hit something. Why did she have to go and make that whole thing matter? Eddie had been intimidated and slugged and hounded and thrown down stairs all his life; he could absorb a few loud words from some no-name prick. But what does Susie go and do? She accuses Eddie of not defending her. As she weeps, she bites. And her tone! — as if she were proclaiming her disappointment in him, as if she were the grown woman and he just the nineteen-year-old boy. She wasn’t even thirty yet and she was weeping like some bobby-soxer, but, damn, did she ever seem old in that moment, like some kerchief-wearing, grocery-shopping, stroller-pushing, child-scolding shrew.
At Susie’s door Eddie paused. Suddenly he didn’t know what he intended to do, nor why he had chased her down. He wanted everything restored, yes, especially since he wanted some sex today; but what was his plan? Planless, he called out to her. He tried not to hit the door but merely to knock. Oddly enough he called her Susan. After a moment she slowly opened the door — although with the chain on, emphasizing his current banishment. He saw her wet face, and a pig-tail, and the tips of her fingers on the edge of the wood. This morsel of her caught him up. It ached. But she allowed no discussion; she said one thing only and, for now, closed her door. She said: “I love you, Eddie. But you just sat there and... and I want us to be married but you just... you just left me alone.”
The deadbolt clicked. He had enough sense not to press her. He turned from her door and went home. Minster, hidden around a hallway corner, had not really heard anything, but she could tell the boy was retreating without satisfaction; and she skulked in his wake. As for Eddie, he had already been too preoccupied to notice Minster — and now he was simply oblivious, as Susie’s word shrilled through his mind. Married. The hell! Susie was thinking of marriage? All Eddie wanted was a steady lay without the contempt. Sure, okay, he loved Susie. Sure. He did. Okay. But that? How many times had he and Susie snickered at tin cans tied to bumpers, at hand-painted Just Married signs? He knew her derision had been real; had it been otherwise he would have been done with her. Yet now she was anticipating a ring and all? He grumbled at her woman’s caprice. Then, as he tripped on a pavement crack and stumbled around a mailbox, it stuck him in the gut: Susie wanted him to be her husband. Such an elevation disconcerted him. That he even sensed it as an elevation disconcerted him the more. It was true, then: Eddie was no better than a nineteen-year-old boy, a boy who let an arrogant stranger bully his girl. He was unworthy of her. Now, much as Eddie might be inclined to ridicule this melodramatic perception of himself, he vigorously turned his anger from Susie to the prick who had emasculated him.
Minster had learned too little so far. The boy had barely confronted the woman. As Minster tailed him she saw he still fumed. How much she wished she could read his mind! Ah, but never think she would have backed off, had she known Eddie intended to get a gun.
Canto 19
To reach Le Spleen de Houston (the bookstore that employed Minster and Jib), one did not precisely have to drag oneself through the negro streets; but one could imagine it so. Le Spleen was an outlying place with a fondness for obscene poetry, spontaneous prose, and stark posters of men and women with hammers and sickles, welcoming the future in five-year installments. People of a dissatisfied sort not only shopped but congregated here. Why, this very evening a freelancer for the Daily Worker was giving a delightful talk, about his time with a band of puppeteers who traveled to Mexico in the 1930s, bringing theater to the farm-folk and, by the by, encouraging solidarity with city workers and the CIO. Jib, manning the cash register, was intrigued by the tale, for he played guitar and sang a little, and longed to put his art in the service of the people.
Late in the evening, near closing time, the phone rang. Jib answered as he always did, saying Luh Spleen duh Houston without any attempt at the French. He brightened when he heard Minster’s voice. Then she said she was remaining in Kansas. When he asked her why, she didn’t detect his exasperation. She usually didn’t. Jib’s exasperated whys — his wearied attempts to confront Minster with her own twists of misreasoning — were, for Minster, only her cues to inform him. She had called not to justify herself (had she even imagined doing such a thing) but to keep Jib apprised. “There’s this woman,” she said. “This boy. They fought with the Hales. In public. I sense a scandal. The lie is escaping. The people will see. Mr. and Mrs. Lie! You stay put, Jib. I’ll be back when I’m back.” Before she hung up, Jib told her to remember to eat.
As the freelancer and some stragglers klatched and conspired at the back of the store, Jib wondered over Minster. He had written a song for her, once. It had been uselessly romantic, something to displease his fellow vagabonds — not quite as reprehensible as, say, writing a jingle for a cigarette commercial, but it surely gave no aid to the proletariat. Upon a sparse tune he had crooned: Love’s come pouring down / And I am caught out in it / Without my hat / Without my shoes / Without my coat. Minster, of all people, had accused him of being overwrought. He himself didn’t understand his infatuation, especially since he usually desired the “saintly motorcyclists” (so to speak). But there it was. And now that this business with Hale was making Minster — ugly — his own song embarrassed him. Yet he couldn’t quite disown it; nor her. Jib enjoyed being the one whom Minster apprised.
Minster stood in the phone booth for a moment, fiddling with her coins. She was outside the boy’s building. She had not overheard his name back at the woman’s apartment, but having checked the doorbell labels against his apartment number she now knew his name was E. Cooper. The woman’s was S. Baxter, “S” being for “Susan” (which Minster had overheard). Now, it seemed that Cooper was caught up in something centered on Baxter. It was Baxter that Mr. Astronaut had yelled at. Ever again. When before had Baxter met Mrs. Astronaut? Baxter’s laughing mockery indicated a hatred; a contempt. Had she once been offended? Wronged? Or — jilted? — maybe — by the Missus? Had the little Missus been the lover of Miss Baxter? That would be too delicious! And, yes, Mr. Catholic had crushed the affair of his free-spirited wife, even now laying down his bully law. Or was Baxter mocking the Missus as a rival? Had it been the more tedious sort of adultery? Was today’s clash the chance meeting merely of a mendacious gentleman and his abandoned dirty trollop? Maybe. And Cooper? He was obviously a spectator; but now also injured. He was infuriated. What would he do? He had allowed Baxter to dismiss him for now. But he, too, would want to know what had happened. He would demand knowledge, resolution, satisfaction. Cooper, being a manboy, would surely upset it all. He was the one to shadow. He was already in the crack; he would be Minster’s crowbar.
To please Jib, Minster went to a grocery up the block, bought a bottle of soda and some bread (wrapped in waxed paper and baked that morning, but now quite cooled), and settled across the street, in her car, out of sight, eventually napping fitfully until the sun rose again.
Canto 20
The attraction of a bullet is its compact immediacy. In a bullet one’s rage is not diluted in sneers and shouts, nor doled out in the exhausting swings of fists and feet, but delivered suddenly, wholly, and conclusively. A gun is the refuge of the impatient. But Eddie was no killer; he was not even a fighter. Fleetingly, yes, he might relish taking the shot, but You were never so absent in Eddie Cooper that he would plan murder. Eddie did, however, realize a gun was a fine thing for expeditious intimidation. He needed no bullets at all. With even an empty gun in hand (and, to be sure, a seeming will to use it) Eddie could soundly and quickly put that prick in his place — and, more to the point, extract an apology, engineering a proper conclusion to their encounter, one that did not leave Susie doubting his worth.
Of course he didn’t know who the prick was. Eddie recalled that others in the diner had said something about an astronaut and his sick wife. Eddie barely knew that America was aiming for the Moon; but he could stop by the newsstand in the morning (on his way to the pawn shop) and talk to Karl. That should do as a start. In any event, there was nothing to be done that evening. Eddie even had the wit to let himself relax. Hours later, though, he arose intent. Neither time nor sleep served to turn him. He gathered what cash he had and a few valuables to pawn. Karl, squinting, said that an astronaut named Hale — whose wife had the palsy — had been profiled in LIFE a few weeks before, but: “Really, kid, you see a backroom in this stand? Get to a library if you want that issue.”
Eddie had never been to the library, but he found it; and he relied on a young librarian (who thought flirting with him might be fruitful) to dig up that issue of LIFE. He opened the magazine there at the counter. The librarian, biting her lower lip, coyly touched the page before him, pointing out the astronaut, keeping her hand in his view. “That’s your guy,” she said, twirling her finger. Eddie glared at the photo. Hale was the prick all right. When Eddie read that Hale lived in Houston, he wasn’t discouraged. He was ready to go to Hades after Hale. Now, of course the magazine did not give Hale’s address, but it did mention his parish. That tidbit, a map, and a local phone book should nicely locate Hale. But first: the gun. Eddie left the disappointed librarian to all her sighs and returned to his familiar places.
Eddie knew Karl’s name only as he knew the name of his own street. Karl was not a pal but only that constant and identifiable presence who sold Eddie his cigarettes, gum, and men’s magazines. Likewise, Eddie knew Pedro Shoulder only as an irritating peer from his high-school days, and as the brother of the man who owned Shoulder’s Pawn Shop. Even so, they knew each other. If nothing else, Eddie was a regular, having pawned many things since leaving home. To Pedro, Eddie was not a risky unknown; Pedro would likely sell Eddie a gun. Then again, Eddie would have preferred dealing with Carlando. Pedro might refuse simply out of spite, for the irritation had been entirely mutual. In the end Eddie made some calculations and, neither chummy nor bilious, greeted Pedro with an even Hey. Pedro noted the civility and nodded. Eddie casually asked to see the .45 in the counter case. Pedro raised an eyebrow. After a moment he unlocked the case and handed Eddie the gun. Casually inspecting the barrel and stock, Eddie asked how much it was. Pedro told him. Eddie had enough to pay, if he managed to pawn some of the valuables he had brought. “Need bullets?” asked Pedro. Eddie casually shook his head, lying that he already had some, as if owning a .45 were not a novelty for him. Pedro seemed… impressed. And then, thinking he had discerned something enormous beneath the civility, Pedro asked Eddie: “So you’re gonna do it?”
That tripped Eddie. What could Pedro mean? Eddie shrugged as if he were undecided, rather than bemused. Pedro took that as yes and seemed even more impressed. He sold Eddie the gun — and Eddie departed the pawn shop disturbed more by Pedro’s question than by the weapon in his jacket.
Canto 21
When Zebediah tired of quarrying stone in Illinois and resolved to partake of rich farmlands in Kansas, he was undeterred by the discord upon those lands. To him, the fuss over slavery was just that, a fuss; he had no stake in any of it. Oh, like most in moderate society, he despised Abolitionists. Society had told him that Abolitionists were mischief-makers, hypocritical meddlers divisively invoking Christianity, stubborn extremists recklessly keeping the entire nation in an uproar. Such was Zebediah’s commonplace prejudice. Yet soon after he was immersed in that uproar, he realized that Abolitionists were merely defending the mere humanity of Negroes. By 1856, Zebediah had even joined a Free-State Militia. This militia saw battle only once, at Hickory Point. Zebediah was there. Whether his own shots pierced flesh or only earth and bark, he never knew; but seven Slave-Staters had died and he was not innocent of it.
Though he didn’t suddenly doubt his cause, Zebediah had no stomach for civil war. He withdrew from the militia and back to his farm. He had never been a hermit and was not one now, but his withdrawal from militancy somehow increased his loneliness. When, late that summer, he cut his foot with an axe and, with sticking plaster on his placid wound, he had to stay put for several days, and when, soon after, he received a letter from his mother that asked for a likeness of him (as if he had already aged into unfamiliarity), he felt keenly alone. Since the daguerreotypist was out of materials, Zebediah made a sketch of his own face, half as a jest, and replied to his mother with more than the usual affection. He tried not to betray his melancholy. Indeed, his pretense of cheer was so strong he actually was cheered.
He cheerfully walked — rather, mildly limped, but still cheerfully — into town, which was not a mile from his farm, to post his letter. Indianola, though without slaves, was not without Slave-Staters, nor the tensions of neighbors with mixed passions; yet it had not become bloody. Outside the post office Zebediah met Mr. Fiederling and Mr. Johnson, who — despite being on opposite sides of the nation’s uproar — were today fixing to go about town, serenading folk, because it was an evening for serenades. Johnson had his flute and Fiederling his fiddle, and both insisted that Zebediah join them. He gladly agreed. True, Zebediah had never troubled himself to learn actual notes, but he played passably well and enjoyed it. While Johnson obligingly posted his letter, Zebediah scampered home to get his flute, passing the wild sunflowers that surrounded Indianola and were now, at sunset, as bright as coins before a fire.
In no hurry, Johnson and Fiederling sat on the post-office bench, chatting together and awaiting Zebediah. Zebediah’s foot faded from his concerns as he scampered back into town, and the trio set off to every house — except that of the crabbed Dutchman, who was known to resent high spirits. As many popular songs now connoted sectional politics, the serenaders mischievously played Yankee Doodle to Slave-Staters and, to Free-Staters, Old Folks at Home. They were invited inside, again and again, for cups of tangle-foot, chain-lightning, and bust-head, and potions of strychnine and cayenne pepper, all of which Fiederling and Johnson joyously accepted. (Zebediah demurred, being such a firm member of the Temperance Society that he would never warm his blood with alcohol, not even when he had, in the past, been slightly frostbitten.) They awoke Mr. Thompson, who was often early to bed and now came to his window half-awake, thinking he was being roused by Border Ruffians, come from Missouri to stuff ballot boxes, bloat Kansas with slavers, and rudely prevent his peace. Seeing that he was instead being roused by drunken fools, he indulgently listened to a few measures of Red White & Blue. At the Hutchinsons’ home, Joanna, in her nightclothes, was allowed to watch from the landing, and she realized her mother was right: Zebediah Goodnow was a handsome boy. Meanwhile, lamenting the lack of fiddle-worthy Potowatami tunes, Fiederling offered the gracious Mrs. Hutchinson some hymns from Mason’s Carmina Sacra. Then the trio went to Fr. Xavier’s.
Johnson and Fiederling were never so drunk they ceased being amiable. Xavier easily welcomed them into his kitchen. And although Xavier, in cassock and collar, might seem as lonely in his house as Zebediah was in his, Zebediah had an inkling then that Xavier was not; and he envied him.
Canto 22
Before she was Joanna’s mother, she was a girl named Moweaqua. In Kansas her people were reduced and humbled, fallen from the Council of Three Fires, the Ojibwa and Odawa parted from them; and much as a man on his back can see only the sky, the Potowatami forgot the ways of Midewiwin and, by the hundreds, became Catholic. When a school for girls was opened at St. Mary’s mission, Moweaqua joined, and her love for Jesus was enflamed. And though she did admire Robert Hutchinson (the trader so smitten with her), she let him take her in marriage only because he, and his people, and his world, were entwined with Christ, their own midewiwini no longer even ghosts in the ancient, pagan forests of Europe. With Robert beside her, her faith would be secure. That she came also to adore him, and welcome his attention, was a fortune unexpected.
Monica Hutchinson named her daughter not for the wind, nor the wolf, nor the white-tailed deer, but for the Saint, the Joanna in the household of Herod Antipas. This Joanna was the wife of the King’s Steward, but moreso the help of the Lord’s Prophets. She saw to it that the head of John the Baptist was honorably buried. Out of her own resources she provided for Jesus and His disciples. She was among the women who set out to anoint the body of the crucified Jesus and found the empty tomb. The intimacy of Joanna’s service to God, her proximity to Him, were touchstones for Monica, who was herself, of course, lands and centuries removed from the Incarnation. Monica was especially taken with Joanna’s being a witness to the Resurrection, for there was the turn to Faith: “What a joy for Joanna, to learn her Lord was not dead!”
Today, however, on another world, the orphaned Joanna thought of another emotion — that before the joy — the grief run through with confusion, as St. Joanna beheld the empty tomb. What was this, this fresh negation, this gratuitous taking-away? Joy had no basis, no being, there was no cause but to weep more deeply — until Your angels appeared to the women and explained. “Why do you look for the living among the dead? He is not here; he has risen!” Only then could St. Joanna rejoice; until then she grieved; and only now, her parents dead, her family empty, did Joanna comprehend how radical was St. Joanna’s turn to joy, and how much it depended on You. Oh, Joanna could persevere. She was persevering. She persevered and prayed nonetheless, knowing You are seldom an apparent God; but a grief such as hers could never be turned without a word from You.
As the storm increased outside the caves, she and Father encamped with the travelers. Besides the two already seen, there were two others in the wagon. It was clear the four were a family. Especially against the willful chaos of those who had kidnapped Joanna, the four were just defined. Here was the Husband, taller, broader, pointing and directing; here was the Wife, shorter, graceful, arranging and centering; here were the children, Older and Younger, heeding, not heeding, spritely and small. As they established their camp, and welcomed in Joanna and Father, not once did they roil; not once did they deviate in shape or manner. Nothing contradicted Joanna’s discernment of a sure Little Family. It did turn out, however, that the four were not only four. All evening the Family brightly conversed with the wagons, the wheels, the tarps, the shovels, the buckets, the ropes, the lanterns, the bedrolls; that is, with everything — no, everyone — from the caravan. Not a thing in the camp was not a person. Thankfully, though, there was no taint of Bacchus upon them; like the Little Family, they held their definitions. After a time, the chattering diminished (which was just as well, for it often hurt Joanna’s eyes), and the camp evidently fell asleep. The children certainly lay down and darkened; and soon, too, did their parents. All the while, of course, the storm howled. By then Joanna was utterly saddened, for her thoughts had become snagged on the presence — and absence — of family.
She made no mention of her Saint and the tomb, but Father could tell she was brooding in grief. Silently he prayed: Please, Holy Ghost, console this lamb. Gently he put his arm around her. She trembled, then, and started gasping; but in this waterless place, Joanna couldn’t really cry.
Canto 23
At dawn, the sands at rest, Zebediah and Joanna parted from the Little Family and headed out. Despite much wandering guesswork, they could find nothing of the Giant’s walk. Should they continue regardless? Vaguely thataway, trusting the desert not to consume them? There is doggedness, to be sure; there is also foolhardiness; and it seemed unwise to Zebediah that they enter a pathless desert. He quickly reassured Joanna, who remained determined, that he did not mean to quit; but to move forward at all they had only one choice. Joanna acceded and they turned their horses to catch the Caravan. As they appeared alongside the lead wagon, Zebediah waved to their one-time hosts. The Husband and Wife sparkled in amusement and waved back. The horses fell apace with the wagons; and Joanna wondered where the Caravan might be headed. Zebediah beheld the horizon and shrugged. “Some place civilized, I hope.”
Was following the Caravan the only choice? Zebediah and Joanna could, after all, wander in the desert and eventually, surely, find some trace of the rather obvious Giant. But what had turned Zebediah was an inkling of providence. In a wasteland they had been discovered and forcibly preserved from a storm. Then their path had been revoked by the wind; yet they were not therefore lost. The kindness of the Little Family seemed an insistent invitation. Zebediah sensed that something was in God’s mind, and to refuse the invitation, to wander blindly, was likely to frustrate Him. Following the Caravan would surely be fruitful. Is not God the master of diversions that do not divert? (The trick, as Zebediah wryly acknowledged, is to apprehend which diversions are Yours.) Besides, it was downright incurious to leave behind these strange creatures, of whom there was no accounting in the learning of Man.
The Giant had been surprise enough: an unaccounted being who, despite his rage, was likely rational, like a man, like an angel, made in the image of God. And here now was an entire people, also unaccounted, clearly rational, and unlike the Giant barely even resembling men. These folk were not some forgotten tribe; they were a creation separate from Adam and Eve. That separation consisted most, of course, in their ability to become otherwise. Zebediah stared at the wagon, its equipment, at the Husband and Wife. Musing, he said to Joanna: “These folk don’t have any artifacts.” Joanna tilted her head, awaiting his thought. “They imagine what we might imagine, but rather than build it they become it. That wagon is — a wagon. But it’s also one of them. How? He has a form. Each of us does. My soul is my formal cause. He has a soul. Right?”
Joanna agreed that he must have and Zebediah continued. “Then either they can make tools of their thoughts and treat their bodies as clay — no, that misses the truth. Within their souls — their forms — is the potential for whatever they conceive. By thinking of a wagon they actualize the wagon. Their thoughts are the efficient cause —” He scowled. “That wagon is an animal like me. He has a soul. He still lives. He is who he was. He has the form that is his, and the body, the material cause, that is his.” He shook his head in disbelief. “Yet he’s a wagon! I’m sure he didn’t used to be. Do their women give birth to wagons? No! He became one.” He slapped his thigh. “Yet that means their forms must carry the telos of wagons!” Joanna snickered at him. His voice had risen in frustration and now he blushed. “Sorry. I am going on, aren’t I?” He sighed. “Fr. Xavier worked so hard to make me a solid Thomist. He always told me: ‘A priest who neglects the Angelic Doctor is just a preacher.’ And here I am, making a scholarly hash of it all. It’s a jumble in my head. Words and words.” Zebediah looked aside, into the desert, and softly spoke. “Why’d he have to leave? I’m so — half-baked.” His self-pity was unbecoming to Joanna; but he also seemed wholly sad, in the way he had often been, back in Indianola; and she pitied him herself.
She looked on Father and recalled the boy who had serenaded her family. She did not forget he was a priest; still she was inclined to lighten his heart, and spoke amiably to him, not of metaphysics but to elicit better memories, offering comfort in the small talk of things.
Canto 24
During regular hours, no agent of the FBI was allowed to do paperwork at his desk. Considering the little that could be otherwise done from one’s chair, no doubt the rule was intended to keep agents out in the field and as vital as athletes. Unfortunately, paperwork was mandatory, and to do it an agent would stay after hours — or retreat with forms and files to a library or coffee shop. Special Agent Lorcan Cranitch, fond of coffee but not so fond of silence, had made his second desk at Mabel’s Java House. He was there now, in his usual booth, wrapping up the Sutton kidnapping — or more precisely, its embarrassing coda: Two Houston policemen, who had officially recovered half the ransom, were to be indicted for stealing the other half. Though disgusted by this crime Lorcan was also unsurprised, for he knew that men are everywhere crooked and foolish.
Lorcan Cranitch had entered on duty in 1947 and been detailed to the NYC office in Manhattan. He began his career monitoring Amtorg, a Russian trading company that was, of course, a front for spies. Had the KGB simply been spying, it might have been fine sport, even if deadly; but they succored the seditious, too. Not that sedition was, per se, a bad thing: America itself had been founded in a kind of treason, after all; but it mattered what one sought. To Lorcan there was no Left and Right, there was right and wrong, and if wrong was dominant then yesterday’s reactionary would properly be today’s revolutionary. As it was, the Russians and their American comrades were clearly the bringers of wrong, so against them Lorcan had been a happy reactionary and had no misgivings using the likes of the Smith Act to weaken and wither homegrown Communists.
The FBI succeeded in gutting the CPUSA without any especial fanfare. J. Edgar might have growled aloud to the public about the continuing threat, and to be sure the Cold War persisted, but Lorcan and his peers knew they had essentially won. It was time for the FBI to focus more on the Klan and the Mob and on common lawlessness. Lorcan transferred to Houston and withdrew from the glamour (if you will) of counter-espionage. Now, he had never supposed that he had escaped to things less duplicitous and sordid; yet there was something dismaying in some of his recent cases, an evil uncomplicated by any ideology of gulags. No, no, not in a couple of sticky-fingered cops; rather in wicked kidnappers who would beguile a six-year-old boy and then shoot him, kill him, dispose of him — and not from a panic, either, but because the child was a bother.
In some ways Lorcan was grateful for the farce of the stolen ransom. The greed of the cops was an ascent to humanity. Resolving that crime was cleansing; he closed out its paperwork with almost a smile. As he sat back and gestured at a waitress to refill his cup, he saw SAC Phillips come in through the door. Phillips was wearing the same thing Lorcan wore: snap-brimmed fedora; double-breasted suit; tie that matched and shirt that was white — the uniform of the FBI agent, who seldom went undercover and was always somehow set apart by obviously wearing what a man would wear. Phillips had EOD’d in 1942 and, like Lorcan, had spent time against spies and sedition. (Phillips had later lamented that maybe they shouldn’t have ruined the Reds so thoroughly, for people might say there had been, after all, nothing to fear. Lorcan, astonished, had replied: “What fool would ever say that?”) Now Phillips was in Houston, too, and in charge. He nodded tersely to Lorcan and sat across from him, and asked the waitress for ice-water and some apple pie. With a glint of camaraderie and a glare of hierarchy, he then gave Lorcan his new assignment: a curious protection detail. Lorcan wasn’t clear on why it should be the FBI’s business, so Phillips patiently described the jurisdictional volleys between the Secret Service, the U.S. Marshals, and the state and local PDs, and finally gave the excuse that an astronaut was Federal and Lorcan was a Fed.
All in all, one of the President’s Spacemen was sunk in rumors of miracles and fights, and that could only mean the most public of troubles. J. Edgar, who loved to squat on unclaimed jurisdictions, took on the task to keep things contained; and it all rolled downhill to Lorcan.
Canto 25
Minster pretended to peruse the jewelry in the case. She glanced around the shop, eyeing a desk lamp, a waffle iron, a radio, an Electrolux canister vacuum that, like much else, was scuffed and dented — when, in the corner of her eye, she saw Cooper inspecting a gun and she was thrilled. While Minster did not precisely wish death upon the Hales, any gunplay was sure to sweeten the scandal, and it disappointed her only a little that shots fired, bodies dropped, and police alerted would expose the lie without her doing a thing. And then the pawnbroker said something that stunned her. So you’re gonna do it. Cooper shrugged, as if confirming the pawnbroker’s assessment. Had the pawnbroker been expecting Copper to act? Was he a confidant of Cooper? Did Cooper already know more than Minster had assumed? Was this turn to violence animated by months of bitter knowledge?
Minster glared at the pawnbroker and whispered: “Say something more, little boy. Tell me what you know.” But he and Cooper finished their exchange with trivial words and Cooper left with the gun. Somewhat frantically — as she did not want to lose her tail on Cooper — Minster went on: “Quickly! Mutter something! Talk to yourself!” The pawnbroker did not. When he noticed Minster and asked if she was selling or buying, she snapped her head no and rushed after Cooper. Grimacing, Pedro muttered about goofy chicks. A moment later Carlando appeared from the backroom. Pedro giddily told him Eddie was in. Carlando was surprised, since he still regarded Eddie as ill-suited to such things, but then he beamed, for his crafty wishes were playing out. He commanded Pedro to do what they had planned, and Pedro felt only a twinge of remorse for what was about to befall Eddie Cooper.
Late in his scheming against Hale, Eddie had realized that the intimidation would be pointless if Susie were not a witness. Hale’s apology had to be made to Susie herself. Unfortunately, it was unlikely that Susie would accompany Eddie to such an end. Gun threats, bullets or not, smacked of criminality, and given how Susie had once reacted to Eddie’s possibly running a few drugs for a few bucks — wait. That explained Pedro’s question! Pedro thought Eddie had agreed to Salvatore’s suggestion. Pedro had heard about it (the Shoulders being a bit shady themselves) and had even encouraged Eddie to do it. In truth Eddie was not gonna do it. But let Pedro think what he wanted; Eddie had other concerns. He spent the next few hours concocting an argument to convince Susie to join him. When he knew she would be home from work, he knocked on her door.
In frosted winter Susie would come home from the insurance office and, leaving the tepid hallway, enter her rooms, which were chilled enough to please the snow on her coat; and the radiator having someone to warm, she would turn it on, though not too high, still mindful of her every penny taken by the steam. The heat arrived reluctantly. She stayed in her clothes that were already warmed, indeed in her coat, and ate her carry-out as if she were pausing between trains. Stupid, shivering, penny-pinching spinster. How could she push Eddie away! On its own, summer ends; now she was hastening its end. She did not want to come home to an empty cold. She did not want to open her knees in a diner again, hoping someone, just anyone, would catch a glimpse, to see what she didn’t want hidden. Why care if Eddie was a boy, an odd-jobber who loitered with gangsters? He desired her. Why care if Eddie hadn’t stood up to that creep? He enflamed her. Why care if Eddie now intended to threaten the creep with a gun and expected Susie to participate? He loved her. Wasn’t he finally defending her? Yet her absurd inclination to maidenish pride — the very same that had prodded her to weep over Eddie’s cowardice — now made her recoil from Eddie’s aggression, as if she were suddenly, simply too good for him, this beautiful boy who had destroyed her enervating virginity. Despite herself, she turned away, saying no.
Eddie’s concoction had failed him. Heading home in bitter confusion, he passed a shop-window full of identically tuned televisions. He saw Hale’s face. He did not hear the anchorman’s report of a miraculous cure, but beheld his enemy in legion — and regained his resolve. Even without Susie, Eddie would prevail.
Canto 26
My mother was never reconciled to the loss of Zebediah. She frightfully worried that he was my only possibility of a husband. The Milne brothers were too old, the Murphy boys too young, and Indianola too otherwise small and Protestant. Even after Zebediah had been fairly launched as a priest, she was lured by that will-o’-the-wisp “My Daughter, Mrs. Goodnow.” Much like my father she did not believe that Zebediah, who failed to cut a figure of priestly assurance, would last long in his vocation. She expected he would resume a common life. Besides, her fondness for him had not diminished and I think her eye was ever pleased by his likeness. Often I scolded her for her scandalous hopes. My presentiments, with regard to Zebediah, were not of matrimony. I could see what others did not, that Zebediah had not taken his vows merely in submission to Bishop Hoecker.
This became all the clearer once we were thrown together. There was a distractedness to his manner, such that he wanted purchase on the cliffs of Heaven. He could not stay mundane. As I have recorded above, I had tried to tease him back from his Thomism-born melancholy. You have read how we were soon at ease and exchanged our petty recollections. Our minutes were often merry. Yet as I have also recorded above, my eventual curiosity about his disposition and difficulties sent him tumbling into confidences that astonished me. He was not abashed, either. He was soon — and characteristically — speaking as if he had forgotten I was listening, as if he were conversing instead with God Himself. His admission of being often in mortal sin and avoiding confession was not even his crucial point, as I came to learn. His story was unfinished and his true disgrace was deeper.
My Dear Reader, even if you are the most scrupulous of the Faithful and react as I did then, do not condemn Zebediah. Please remember that even St. Paul persecuted the Church, and St. Peter denied Our Lord. Said Zebediah, his eyes Heavenward: “You merely permit — or meddle — or abide. You die on a cross to take my punishment; You give me Your body to eat; still You leave me to approach You. You open Your hand but never do You simply reach down and take mine. Is it a wonder I fail? The day of that Communion I was not content with ‘as though Thou were already come.’ I would have You now. Besides, my staying back made my state of sin obvious and embarrassing. Disguised in piety, forthrightly as a thief, I hastened from my knees, joined the others, and, willfully profaning, accepted the Host on my tongue.”
He turned to me. “Ah, Joanna. Such a look on your face! But you’re right to be dismayed. So much of the world thinks sacrilege is just a contrived offense against religious rules. You and I know better. Oh, don’t worry. This atrocious sin I didn’t hoard, but confessed within the hour. Father all but rent his cassock. He declaimed the te absolvo as if he were finalizing an exorcism. He did not hate me, however; Christus that he was, he became all the more invested in me. And as I later pondered my act, I realized the nature of my weakness. I well understood that the sacrilege was real, that genuine harm was being done; yet I didn’t fear the sin. I felt nothing but a kind of disquiet. I drank a cup of molten lead as if it would never burn. Would that it had scoured my throat! And that is how it has always been. I acknowledge the Way, the Truth, and the Life, but have never received the grace to succumb. I am not overwhelmed by Christ. He has the assent of my mind and my mouth, but of my heart I cannot say. And so! Am I just lukewarm? Does God desire to spit me out? Is that why His favor seems so slight? Perhaps. And yet I remain, still trying to be His priest; for I would rather be despised in the house of the Lord than dwell in the tents of the wicked.”
My mother, though taking heed of Zebediah’s pastoral shortcomings, never denied he was right clever, and thought the greater portion of his homilies pleasant at least. He had not really poured forth from the toil of his faith, however, until he had found himself crossing the bleak desert of Mars.
Canto 27
Give a scholar three ancient coins, a handful of broken pottery, and forty words on a piece of papyrus, and he will deduce an Empire come and gone, and keep you up all night with the tale. So it was that Joanna’s solitary memoir was sufficient to cause decades of scholarship. The memoir, however fantastic, was not without the corroboration of witnesses — and most readers were not antagonistic like Heinrich Südler. Moreover, because Joanna had recorded every fact, including her eventual “conversations” with the King’s Man and the Prince’s Nurse, the scholars found many and varied grounds for all their assertions. Joanna herself never joined the intellectual hullabaloo. Until her death in 1910, she politely rejected every inquiry, replying that all she could say she had said. Indeed, the later printings of her memoir included no elaborations or changes, apart from a foreword (added in 1882) affirming the original edition.
Arthur Sim, in his early article Red Men of Mars, notioned that Martians are akin to the simplest of Indians. He noted they dwell without structures. Even King’s City is but the lap of a foothill, behind a natural rise of stone, and the Martians there live in the pitted mountainside, as did the Anasazi. In general the Martians admirably eschew the overwrought polis of, for example, white Europeans. Samuel Franklin, in his monograph of 1884, A Burdenless State, cringed at Sim’s red-men pun, decried Sim’s “tedious sentimentalism,” and even accused Sim of ingratiating himself to Sister Joanna, herself half-Indian. Franklin then explained that the Martians have no structures, let alone true cities, because they don’t need them. The Martians are embedded in an environment of nothing. No seas, no forests, no rivers, no beasts, no grasses — nothing but sandstorms (against which a cave is enough) and the Martians themselves.
On Mars there is no real hazard to compel, nor any resource to enable, any construction, manufacture, or industry. If a Martian wants a lantern, there is a Martian who has become a lantern and has offered himself to light the cave. Now, Franklin was careful to deflect the socialists such as Radetsky, who, while exalting Mars as a world without property, ignored the intrinsic burden of our living on Earth, with its winters and its predators — and its lanterns that must be wrought from the elements. Franklin proclaimed: “Work without ownership is enslavement to another; and work is unavoidably our lot.” Leo Pirelli, in his Economia Marziano of 1893, reminded Franklin that although Martians needn’t work they still have needs; but in their situation, of course (as Pirelli impishly noted), the “means of production” are means of reproduction, which indeed makes Mars a poor model for any terrestrial regime!
It comes down to this: On Mars there is sand and there are Martians. The Martians live. They subsist continuously on the sunlight that touches them and the ground that they touch. Most of them become useful objects and, as a matter of common duty, serve those who are still, as it were, people. Having been a witness to Martian society (and having conversed with actual Martians), Joanna was the first to denominate the Orders of People on Mars. Her taxonomy is standard but also, to be sure, contentious. She is usually charged with skewing the Orders to fit her ideals. She skewed nothing. Be that as it may, the Martian People consist of Soldiers and Nurses, Priests and Nuns, Husbands and Wives (including the special case of King and Queen), and the Children (who proceed from the Husbands and Wives). The Child who has come of age chooses an Order appropriate to his sex or chooses to be a typical Object. (The economy of Mars consists entirely in the adoption of Objects. Those who liken this to slavery miss its foundation of volition.) Changing oneself from one Object to another, or to a Person, can come only upon successful petition to the King. Yes, yes: in principle. There are certainly those Martians who deviate, who refuse to petition and change on a whim. Joanna and Zebediah had met a craterful of them. And not all such Martians are exiled. There are pockets of the Disordered even in King’s City.
Over the many thousands of years, the Disordered have dominated, now and again. These ages of refusal and revel make a mob of the Martians. Restoration comes and all are chastened; but eventually the lessons are disdained, simple truths are deemed the enemy, and all will choose to fall again.
Canto 28
Long in the past the high wall had cracked. A bit of its middle width had collapsed. The Martians had cleared the debris away and worn a road through the gap. The gap was, in the end, just a natural crack in a natural wall, but its bearing was that of a city gate. Four burly Martians, clearly guards, each stood at a corner of the gap, their arms folded on their chests. Zebediah wondered against whom, or what, they guarded. Meanwhile a fair number of Martians, some in wagons, some on foot, came and went. Those on foot were going only a short distance outside the wall, to congregate amid the boulders, sitting and strolling as if in a park. The appearance of Zebediah and Joanna did attract a crowd. Everyone was calm, however, and the Husband spoke immediately to a guard, perhaps taking responsibility for the strange strangers.
The guard, blinking mildly, seemed downright laconic. He turned and walked through the gate. The Husband waved at Zebediah and Joanna to follow. Behind the wall was a great plain, spotted with hillocks, and rising by many paths to the crags and caves. Martians were all about. The guard lead the Caravan to what could only be an open market. Other caravans were already encamped. Before them were scores of objects, arrayed by likeness: tables, chairs, shelves, blankets, pickaxes, shovels, lanterns... The guard paused at an empty space and there they all stopped. The Husband waved at Zebediah and Joanna to dismount. Then, patting the air downward, he told them to stay put. The guard folded his arms and watched. Those in the market gawked, but, seeing the guard, stayed back. The Little Family busily began unloading and arraying all of their objects, lightly chatting with them all the while.
It seemed the Little Family was being allowed to do what they had come to do. Soon another guard approached from within the market. He and the first spoke briefly. Then the first neared Zebediah and Joanna, flashed something at them, and turned and headed deeper into the city. The second took station and watched. Zebediah looked to the Husband, who again patted the air. Zebediah said to Joanna, “I reckon we wait.” She smiled weakly and nodded. She was tired and hot. So was he. They had ridden very far — and talked themselves dry. He still worried that Joanna was put out by all his ruminations. She didn’t seem to be. She had steadily responded with interest and charity. In any event, he didn’t regret speaking as he had, for it had been as relieving as a normal confession — and the conversation had confirmed Joanna as a true companion.
Joanna looked around. As unbuilt and unadorned as this place might be, it struck her as a settled town. Nor was the plain entirely barren: scattered about were benches and lamps, and suspended were banners that offered shining webs of streaming speech to the pausing passers-by. She could identify no businesses, shops, or eateries; and none there were. There was only this market. She watched a passer-by converse with one of the Caravan’s objects — a book, as it was. The Wife came over and joined in. Soon the passer-by and the Wife bowed their heads, the three exchanged short and soft bits of color, and the passer-by walked away with the book. The transaction involved no money. In its solemnity it appeared to entail not a purchase but an adoption. And so it went with every transaction Joanna witnessed. It was clear the objects were being given homes. Joanna was about to share this insight with Father when a passer-by began to roil. Part of him became a broom; part of him became a wheel. The guard leapt out to subdue him, and so distracted was assaulted by four others, who brutally struck him down. Joanna was stunned. The Wife called out with terrible brightness. The four began roiling, too, not quite losing their limbs and yet becoming grotesque. Joined by their comrades throughout the market, they simply erupted, shouting and hollering (enough to blind), kicking objects, throwing rocks, mobbing caravaneers — and recklessly clashing with the incoming waves of guards.
In a sudden multitude that became a riot, many objects reverted to people, rising to protect and fight. Worsening things, the horses reared and bolted. Zebediah grabbed Joanna and, with the Little Family, took cover behind a brave wagon, who had remained a wagon as a bulwark for his friends.
Canto 29
The roof of the grotto was a thin dome of once molten earth. Every once in a long while it was punctured by falling stars, and thus the grotto was filled with haphazard columns of sunlight. Lit by the sun was the empty throne. Beside him stood Enlil, who wished the absent King would attend to this affair. No one, not even Enlil, begrudged Anu his mourning; but not everything could be delegated. This latest action by the Disordered demanded the King’s presence and judgment. Thirteen were dead; a hundred injured. Dozens who had (forgivably) reverted to People now required dispensation to resume being Objects. Worst of all, the Disordered had foregone loud dissent and, in their angry impatience, simply attacked. It wasn’t that things got out of hand; rather, things were deliberately begun with violence. Such was inevitable with the Disordered; but Enlil had hoped the inevitable would tarry.
And then there were these two. They were rather deformed, suggesting that they were Disordered; yet they were peaceful and obedient, and unchanging. Given that they were also deaf and dumb, they must have been born under the cruelest star. The deformed were rare enough at birth, and in any event reformed with age; the deaf and dumb were all but mythical. Since these two strangers had never appeared for Ordination, they were most likely the children of exiles. And what of their Objects — the packs, the tools, the vestments? The Objects were equally as deaf and dumb; indeed, they seemed to be dead. Yet in death they should have reverted. Then again, the other two deformed strangers — who had panicked in the riot and been killed — had not reverted, either. Were these folk so divergent they escaped the Laws of Nature? Were they so barbaric they used the dead?
The strangers stood beside two utterly normal People, a Husband and Wife, named Sumuqan and Irnini. Enlil vaguely recognized them as caravaneers. Neither seemed unnerved by the surrounding Soldiers, let alone by Ninurta. They spoke with the assurance of the innocent. Sumuqan claimed to have met the strangers only yesterday, when his caravan took necessary refuge in a Discommunity. The strangers seemed so out of place, so lost, that he felt obliged to be helpful, and later to guide them to the City. Irnini blithely asserted they were harmless. Enlil drily noted they were adorned with the dead. This befuddled Irnini and Sumuqan. Now afraid, they fell silent. Having betroubled the innocent couple, Enlil admitted: “I would not expect you to sense it. To be frank, I am confused myself… Sumuqan! Irnini! Your hospitality was only proper. We shall see how harmless these strangers are. You remain the King’s friends.”
Enlil ordered the couple out. Escorted by Soldiers, the couple said farewell to the strangers, with tepid light and gesture, afraid yet bound by their prior kindness. The strangers returned the gestures and, seemingly unalarmed, turned back to Enlil. Sumuqan had surmised that the strangers “talked” to each other by opening holes in their heads; they were “talking” now. Perhaps they were not dumb, so much as producing invisible light; nor deaf, so much as unschooled in common language. They were surely giving no evidence of slow-wittedness. Enlil approached them. Ninurta stayed at his side. Enlil marveled at the excess of odd vestments on the strangers. Could they honestly be claiming so many ranks? (Enlil wore only the amice of the King’s Priest. The amice marveled, too, and was scandalized.) Enlil raised his hand and, trying not to startle the taller stranger, carefully touched a vestment. Now, Enlil was the King’s Priest because his sensitivity to Life was acute; yet even with a touch, he sensed only Death. No — not Death — but Never-Life — as one might sense in the sands and stones. It bewildered him. Doubting himself, he circled the two. Their Life, though unfamiliar, was unmistakable, and unmixed with any other, despite their many Objects. Then, as Enlil pondered, he caught a wisp. And another. Hints of another Life, but elusive; and peculiar. A child? Was one of the two a pregnant Wife? No — for it dawned on Enlil that this third Life was in the taller one’s pack.
Intrigued, Enlil carefully opened the pack. The stranger flinched and spun away and pulled the pack into his arms, clearly to protect it. Ninurta started, but Enlil stayed him. Something was about. The Life began to enchant Enlil. Without anger, indeed solicitous of that Life, he ordered the strangers held.
Canto 30
Enlil left Ninurta at station outside the King’s Rooms and went inside to find the King. Anu was where he had been earlier, where Enlil knew he would be, at the Queen’s side. Ea lay on the ground, arranged for her waiting grave. Anu slumped like a beaten child, as still as she, his hands lifeless in his lap. Enlil cringed in dismay, for he saw, by Ea’s head, the out-falling of dust, from where Anu had been stroking her face. The Sands of the World were indifferent to Anu’s tenderness. They had their just task and their just time. Ea must be buried. Now. And so Enlil told the King. Anu was silent. Enlil, forgetting his place, chastised and beseeched. Then Anu answered calmly, conceding the situation was, at the least, indecorous; but he was adamant. He would not be parted from his beloved Ea. He ordered Enlil out.
Enlil stood in the hallway, calculating. He was at a loss. Still calculating, he wandered to the nursery. Nisaba was cuddling the infant Prince, his body slightly blending with hers, as she shared her richer stone to his meager sand. Her lullaby was gentle as moonlight. She noticed Enlil and nodded. Enlil asked about the Prince’s health. Nisaba declared he was strong, despite being early and small. Mindful of the gentle Nisaba, Enlil withheld his bitter thoughts. This babe had, by his birth, killed his mother, and by that killing, unmanned his father. His dubious strength was the remainder of his Household. The scheming cousins of the King would never fear the Stillborn Prince (for such he was called, although he lived); nor would the rebellious Disordered. All enemies of the Kingdom would, in fact, seek to end Anu’s Household, once and for all; and an infant was helpfully fragile.
The King might yet restore himself (though Enlil was pessimistic). What if Enlil secretly became Regent, acting more forcefully, commanding as if Anu were actually dead? Things would still unravel. Enlil might not be maladroit politically, but at heart he was a priest, not a ruler. He absently complimented Nisaba on her good work (Nisaba beamed) and, beset by unresolved calculations, wandered to his study. He had dealt with the interrogations, the arraignments, the dispensations, the coordination of Nurses and Soldiers; he had not, however, dealt fully with the strangers. Enlil sat. He musingly stared into space. Alighting on his orrery, he was jolted. He hurried to his shelf and found the little-used book. He asked about the myths. The book remembered what she had studied and, on her two pages, verso and recto, presented a vivacious stream of sketches and speech. Dumbfounded and thrilled, Enlil ran to the jail.
They knew they were imprisoned. With a gaiety more akin to giddiness, Zebediah called up to the Lord: I have girded myself and bound on my sandals; do send a like angel that liberated Peter. To Joanna he absurdly proposed that once they fled these caves, they call upon their powers as Americans and leap over the city wall, which was only thirty feet high, after all. His joke made her frown. Soberly he reminded her that though the horses were dead, he and she were unharmed. Their imprisonment, he suspected, was a precaution; and nothing had been taken from them. “Especially not that,” agreed Joanna, pointing to the pack that held the ciborium. “Gosh, Father! When you spun away I was afraid that big guard might smack you! I don’t know why you doubt yourself. You protected Jesus without hesitation.” He blinked. Then shrugged. She insisted. Then, nodding uncertainly, but warming to her point, and as if rightfully summing his worth, he related how, after the Giant’s attack, he had restored the ciborium before tending to himself. “See?” exclaimed Joanna. “Assent of your heart!” He grinned at her generous conclusion; but lest he become too prideful, he left it at that. He invited her to say a Rosary, that they might be freed and find the Giant. So together they knelt, held their beads, closed their eyes, made their petitions to the Blessed Virgin, and started with the Joyful Mysteries. In this way they prayed for nearly an hour.
Enlil was unnoticed when he arrived. He did not interrupt them. He could recognize prayer, even in folk from another world. Whether these visitors were speaking to The Truest One, Enlil couldn’t say; but their praying had truly heartened him. He was all the more certain of his new calculations.
Canto 31
What accidents did You grant Violetta Duchesne? What prods, what turns? So that, in September of 1858, she should be the Mother Superior of a kinderheim outside Vienna? Among Your nuns, her maternal warmth may have been common enough; but it was her especial wonderment at Your beautiful, mad works, which enlivened her past even her fiftieth year, that had primed her to welcome the bedraggled American girl and her exceedingly unearthly child. It was the joy at Your secrets that disposed her to keep these two apart from her other orphans, entrusting only a few of the Sisters with the whole truth, and saying to all others, without actually lying, that the infant’s deformities were so severe that privacy was necessary. Violetta had always delighted in being a mother to the motherless; a touch of the clandestine rather tickled her, too, and distracted her well from the grim everyday.
The Corpse of the Dragon, in its spiraling collapse around the Sun, had fallen on Earth in many places; so when Joanna returned, it was not to Kansas. Restored to human flesh, she emerged from a different Hole, one never found by others, in the bowels of a forest so wild and unmolested that the fairies were incautious of men, and, clutching the swaddled Prince, made her way through groping branches and pricking thorns. When she finally found the sky, and a field, and a road, and a sign, and realized she was in some place German, she was not perturbed. She had been in stranger places. She headed for the safety of a Catholic orphanage. Though as ignorant of German as of Martian, the pitiful girl made herself understood to the townsfolk and was taken to Violetta, whose kindness and discretion caused Joanna to thank You deeply every night.
Thus Joanna secured sanctuary for the Prince of Mars. Could she have imagined such an end? She and Father had begun their quest so single-mindedly. They were heedless, really. The life of man is short; let us contend with the Bull of Heaven! Out of devastation, through storm and desert, past riot and prison — never done with the Giant — yet ever tumbled by the unexpected: as when, fumbling about an orrery, prompted by the amice-clad official, they established they were from the third planet and on the fourth. So, yes, this unearthly place was literally not Earth. But what was Mars to a raging Giant? What was Domine non sum dignus to an alien world? Meanwhile the official seemed satisfied, and had them moved to a room nearby — where, in agitation, Zebediah and Joanna together rehearsed their every question since the Giant’s attack. The bare fact of Mars elucidated nothing.
They finally slept, as all they could do. At dawn they were taken, possessions and all, to the grotto. The official was waiting — beside a Martian woman with an infant. All were hazily lit. For a while no one moved. The portent seemed deliberate. Then the woman stepped forward, raising the infant towards Joanna. Joanna wondered what manner of salutation this might be. The official gestured, as if proposing a task: Take and leave; take and leave. Joanna gaped. She was being asked to bear the child away! Initially she was indignant. Did the official imagine she would collude in his schemes? Soon, however, she realized the woman was being gentle, and did not seem coerced. Joanna sensed the opposite of malice. This was not a disposal but a rescue — and the threat must have been very great, to separate the child from his own. Even so, what was she to do with him? And honestly, why her? Whatever had the Martians perceived in Joanna? In what were they trusting? Mother Violetta said: “In your goodness, dear.” But they didn’t even know her. “So maybe in Someone Else they were trusting,” Mother replied, her English thick but cheerful. “What made you say yes?” Joanna blushed. She explained that she was just a girl, no one important; yet she was being called upon. She could tell that the Martians were not being frivolous. Already she did not want to fail them! An ache overtook her unmoving arms; a compulsion overshadowed her.
With the humility of a handmaid, she accepted the child. Her arms contented and warm, she looked to Father. He raised an eyebrow. What complications was she adding now? Only what needed adding, it seemed to her. She and Father would surely manage. Two people, companions — they can prevail together.
TERZA CANTICA
Canto 32
Scott tested aircraft to test the world. He enjoyed what might be made to be. He strove knowingly with the second law of thermodynamics; he was finely aware of steam tables, compressible flow, and the transform of Laplace. His Sc.D. thesis at MIT, Line of Sight Guidance Techniques for Manned Orbital Rendezvous, although admittedly chosen to woo NASA (which it did), was a natural thing for him to write. Scott Winslow Hale was an engineer. So when his ‘55 Fairlane misbehaved, he did not think to complain. Whatever some paperworked dealer might presume, Scott’s careful letter was not a complaint but an alert to fellow engineers. That his letter might draw recompense from an auto company was not his primary concern; that it would primarily alert a young unmarried woman to a possible husband was, to say the least, unintended. Scott had been inspired by only diagrams and slide rules.
Between the writing of his letter and Helen’s discovery of him, Scott joined the Astronaut Corps. Now, when NASA was devising the psychological requisites for astronauts, it was supposed that the best candidates might be priests, men already used to ascetic toil and dedication; and layman or not, Scott seemed, to others in the Corps, most like this early ideal, concerned as he was with only the Moon and the Lord. Indeed, until Helen contacted him, he was an unwavering bachelor with no reason to be earthbound. He wondered what his peers and superiors might think of him now, should he reveal the woman who had, with scribbles of her heart, enchanted him. Of course, in most important ways, his Dear Helen was not yet revealed to him. After all, epistles cannot be the whole of selves. Had they deceived each other, in innocence? Tonight’s meeting would begin to tell.
Del Amici encouraged whispers and settling in. It offered no chattering band, no muttering bar. The candle lights, although robust, allowed each table a pleasant isolation. There was warmth. As Scott patiently stood, awaiting the busy maître d’, he wondered if Helen had already arrived. He didn’t know what she looked like, since she had coyly not sent him a photo, even in reciprocation, and had teasingly refused to describe herself; still, he searched for her; and out among the candles he saw a woman alone. Both her hands rested at the table’s edge, fingertips touching the stem of her water glass. Each thumb languidly rolled around the other. For a few moments she watched her thumbs as if they might surprise her. Then she slid her fingers down the stem and lay her hands flat. She tilted her head, piqued by the mildest thought, and awaited the next moment.
Her hair, set in waves to her neck, was ginger red. Scott slowly realized how much he liked that. He had never pictured such an enticing red. He even felt an odd pang, as if he were leering unfaithfully. What if the woman wasn’t Helen! He decided to look past; but yes, she turned thoughtfully to view everyone around her, and saw him, and smiled so fully. She rose, alit. The chair pivoted aside; the tablecloth fell away. She waved rapidly, hand at her breast, and called his name a bit too loudly, and apologized to anyone nearby for being too loud, and shrugged slightly, and blushed, and sat back down again, her persistent smile inviting him over. That it was Helen who had enticed him was a blessing. He gestured to the maître d’ — indicating that his party was found — and went to her. For an awkward second he stood, she sat; then she rose again; and while not offering him a kiss, she hugged him unabashedly. Her prudence was retreating, it seemed; or at least indulging her. He still didn’t know her last name and she had insisted they meet here at Del Amici (and not at her home); yet now she had greeted him with not a little intimacy. Her hug was bold and affectionate — and maybe, most of all, optimistic. It was also properly brief. Scott stepped back, letting her arms unwrap him, and wryly said: “I do hope that you’re Helen.” She laughed and nodded.
Over bread and pasta, wine and hours, they spoke with mirthful ease, rising from stories exchanged in writing, embellishing now and diverging, as if he and she were old, old friends; so that their meeting was an affirmation, not an introduction; nor love at first sight, but love as expected.
Canto 33
Scott was not destined to be first on the Moon. He was not even slated to be. Indeed, he had yet to enter space, although next year he would likely join Virgo 7 for some docking dry-runs in Earth orbit. Still, like all the Lunar Team, he trained for an eventual landing. Three days after Helen was cured, Scott was on Long Island, at the facility run by the Norman Corporation. He often commuted here (directly as the crow flies, in a T-38), much as he often commuted to similar facilities in Florida and California. And much as this trip was typical for Scott, it was clear that, given the swelling kerfuffle over the events out of Kansas, NASA was glad to have him tucked away awhile. For his part, Scott welcomed a return to the typical. Amid telemetry, thrusters, and toggles, there was no opportunity to ache and despair.
He had not wanted to leave Helen so soon. He had especially hesitated because she had dismissed Marjorie, the home nurse, and so was alone. Strictly speaking, of course, Marjorie was NASA’s employee; but Helen, assured of the miracle, now refused any nursing. Her joy was stubborn. Scott let her shoo him away to Long Island. He had called her twice since then and found her purely lucid, and she cheerily told him to get back to work. And so here he was, in the Lunar Module, standing at his station, in his suit, feet velcroed to the floor and waist tethered to the wall, set for a descent simulation. Beside him was Deke Goddard, equally set — though not precisely Scott’s equal: for Deke was the mission commander. It was Deke who had endured seventy nine free-fall sessions in the KC-135 and never once vomited. Deke was a tough one.
They all were, in truth. America’s astronauts were Top Men. So declared the President, NASA, LIFE magazine, and the rest. And oh, was NASA honing its men. Operations. Systems. Equipment. Field geology in Arizona (to learn which lunar rocks to pluck). Survival training in Panama (in case the men fell from the sky). Months of simply devising other ways to be honed, as no one honestly knew how to prepare for the Moon. And, of course, hundreds of simulations. The men were lucky to be home a third of the year. Yes, this did eviscerate some families. Fortunately, Helen’s clouded mind had made Scott’s absences moot, at least for her; other wives had no such topsy-turvy blessing. Deke’s wife, for one, bereft as a widow, had tried to kill herself. No one knew, since she had stopped herself and, stoically, never told Deke. So was the honing brutal to all.
To NASA, suicidal wives and the like were contingencies, non-normative events that opened up peripheral secondary objectives. Not that NASA was heartless; but the Mission ever remained. Troubled wives — suicidal, stricken, or divinely touched — left NASA undaunted. There was never a thought to abandon any Top Man. Confidence levels could be adjusted. Still, the supernatural in Scott’s case had created discomfort. Like most others, Deke used to inquire kindly after Helen; now he had only once, and tersely, acknowledged her renewal. Scott was not offended by this. He wasn’t going to undo anyone’s wariness of the miraculous. Instead he could agree, silently, to stick to the job. That was what they always did, after all. And truly, their minds had to be on the job. They knew that the only way to succeed on the Moon was to treat the actual landing as another simulation, one that had been accomplished already — and repeatedly. Thus today Deke and Scott landed on the Moon three times. They also aborted seven times. They crashed once. That time, a thruster had stuck. Now, Deke had been butting heads with the Flight Director, who mandated that ground control decided to abort or not, even if the spacecraft, nearing the Moon, was at a radio distance of three seconds. When the thruster stuck, the gauges spun, and the TV image of the false Moon turned and approached in the window, Deke did nothing. After a frightened but respectful pause, Scott hissed at his commander to abort.
Deke did not. By the time ground control recommended an abort, the spacecraft was facedown and done. “That,” growled Deke, “is why I’m in command of my own vehicle. I’m not three seconds away.” And Scott might have granted Deke his point, had they not just died on the Moon.
Canto 34
After the revelation at the orrery, sleep seemed irresponsible. They might be on prosaic Mars and not in wonderland, but their being on Mars was no less wonderful — and unexplained. Unfortunately, their agitated discussion about it brought only fatigue, and Zebediah and Joanna unwillingly slept. And during the night Zebediah had his vision. His disquieting, secret vision. In bitterness he had often imagined confessing to someone: “Did you know I have visions? I do. Well, one vision, again and again. Ha! So you’re thinking I have the savor of a saint? I don’t! It is not Our Lord I see, nor Our Lady, nor Elijah, nor Moses, nor Gabriel. I see Judas. I see Judas and this fretful man I do not know, and all of us are arguing. Is this what I am worth? Am I so lukewarm, My God, that my received vision is of the gibbering damned?”
Zebediah realized that the vision might not be from God; yet, Judas notwithstanding, the vision was more unsettling than satanic. So long as Zebediah made no interpretation, nor took any counsel, contrary to the Gospel, he should be safe. Besides, the vision might not even be a message; it often seemed to him a presentiment. And now that Zebediah had found himself on another planet, it occurred to him that the vision’s setting might not be Earth. It was too grey to be Mars, however. He wondered whither he was headed. “Ah, the paths You give us,” he whispered with a tiny smirk. And the fretful man? There was a miasma about Judas that identified him; the other man was only glass and silver. About him nothing new was suggested. Zebediah had to trust that clarity would come, and, setting the troublesome vision aside, began his morning with simple lauds.
Within an hour his troubles increased. In the grotto the Martians presented a poor child to Joanna. Zebediah soon realized what they were asking of her and was aghast. He might have raised a cry against it, to tell her she must refuse; yet, upon accepting the child, she was made radiant; and moved by her act of charity — moreso flummoxed by it — he managed to raise but an eyebrow. Then the Martian woman retrieved the child from Joanna and held him out within a shaft of morning light. The child happily squirmed. She set him gently upon the ground. Zebediah blinked as some sand rose into the child. The woman returned the child to Joanna and patiently awaited understanding. Joanna grinned — excited by her own perception — and explained to Zebediah that the woman was surely showing them how to care for the child. Give him sunlight, give him earth.
The official called the woman to him. They spoke for a time, in a way that seemed hushed. He gripped her shoulders and she became, in his hands, a piece of parchment. He offered her to Zebediah, just as she had offered the child to Joanna. Uneasily Zebediah accepted her. He saw upon her a shimmering stream of intricate speech. The official shimmered something to him, or perhaps to her, and nodded. She rolled herself up and a seal appeared upon her, impressed with a pattern like that on the official’s amice. Had Zebediah been given a document of safe passage? He was sure of it. Then the big guard stepped before Zebediah and Joanna, ready to — yes, to escort them. The official, his bearing erect, gave the guard some stark orders. Finally he neared Joanna and lightly touched the child’s head, in benediction or affection or both, and waved them all off. Zebediah, unconvinced, wanted to stop this now, to declare that a Giant-hunting posse was no place for a child. Then again, the hunting was a choice, one that could be foregone, and the Giant was already lost. Perhaps the Giant was never the point. Had Zebediah and Joanna been given their true commission? Caught up in everyone else’s certainty, Zebediah unhappily secured his pack, and slung his rifle, and lifted Joanna’s pack from the ground at her feet, and the two of them (plus child) followed the guard out of the grotto and down a sloping passage.
Soon they were joined by four other guards, whose harmonized glow lit the way. Deep down, where the walls were luminous, they came to a familiar sort of hole: the looming, petrified ribs of Leviathan. Zebediah and Joanna stalled in astonishment; then the fearless guards hastened them forward and through.
Canto 35
The flash; the yank; the jostling of one’s innards — they had expected this transition and so didn’t stumble. They emerged, however, into a tantrum of hail, of rainswept ice that cowed them. Joanna wrapped herself around the child and Zebediah himself around them both. And then, as if they had been noticed, the storm obligingly ended, and its remains rushed through the seams of the ground, rivulets all around, dwindling to cold evaporation, quiet under an even, orange haze. The rain retreated; the smell assaulted. Foul as a bad batch of bust-head or the hot farting of bulls. The noseless Martians were clearly not perturbed, but the pair from Earth pulled a cloak and a shawl from their packs, for dryness and for warmth, yes, but also to cover their faces. Zebediah prayed that this pungent place was not their destination. “Delightful aroma,” he groaned, and Joanna gagged a laugh.
If the environmental contrast to Mars were not enough, Zebediah knew that they were someplace else because all of them, Martians included, had been altered. Gone was the reddish stoneflesh; instead was the sheen of the salamander. Indeed Zebediah realized that only his clothes, not his skin, felt wet; he felt bodily at home in the moistened haze. And these Martians were the most laconic of folk — or more likely had known they would be altered — for they were not marveling at themselves, but pushing on. They seemed familiar with the actions of Leviathan Holes. Or had they been briefed? Did they know of the Giant, too? Perhaps they did; perhaps they were unafraid. Perhaps this was a walk distinct from the Giant’s and there was nothing to fear. Joanna whispered, “Shouldn’t we warn them? I hadn’t reckoned we’d be back on this path.” Yes — but how to warn them?
They were trudging upwards, all but climbing. The Martians, notably the big one, were solicitous of Joanna and her child, patiently raising them along. On the leveler stretches, as he merely walked, Zebediah tried to contrive a pantomime that would explain the threat of the Giant. At last they rose from the haze and to a plateau. Now, until then, the heavens had always seemed to Zebediah a presentation of distance, the home of the faraway; but dominating this twilight was the cloud-ribboned crescent of an enormous globe, encircled by broad, sun-livened rings, proclaiming that the heavens can be terribly near. Zebediah gasped. “Good God, it’s Saturn.” They were on a moon of Saturn! This time even the Martians stalled, as awed as he. Everyone beheld the magnificence above. Oh, Zebediah understood he was beloved of God and never insignificant; but how often Creation reminded him that he was small.
And then they heard the bellowing. The Giant was behind them, but had come from a different direction. The four guards quickly arrayed to the rear. The panic of combat took Zebediah, as it had at Hickory Point; but this time his rifle was stowed; and he hadn’t the chance to fire, let alone load, as the Giant, upon them in two strides, struck the ground with both fists and launched them all. The four uprighted themselves and, as focused as soldiers, surrounded the Giant, while Zebediah and the fifth hurried to shield the fallen Joanna, to gather her and the Prince and escape. Ahead was another Hole. The four, crying out to each other with lightning flashes, grabbed shards of ice from the shattered ground and attacked the Giant and bloodied his shins, miring him in their fury. Zebediah had dropped his packs, of course, and he didn’t mind the loss, given the urgency of Joanna’s safety; but there came a prick of conscience and he remembered the ciborium. It was still in its pack but amid the skirmish, sure to be ruined into the ice, the Lord’s Body trampled and fouled. Zebediah was wholly inclined to rescue the ciborium; he was wholly disinclined to die. Who could blame you for abandoning a cup of crumbs? He winced. They are not crumbs! Where now was that assent of his heart, which dear Joanna had declared within him, that compels one not to nod, not to speak, but to act?
Joanna saw the sacred distraction in Zebediah’s face. She watched as he ran, without a word, from her to the fight, and, not raising a shout or a fist, he swept like a hawk to a hare and retrieved his pack, recklessly ignoring the Giant and wonderfully saving the Lord.
Canto 36
to here i was sent as much as you as much as your desire willed your desired will and it suits me well though not you so well although you have been made thus suitable you are material still and are embodied but not solid rather akin to this comet’s tail as this continent’s pebble disperses before the sun in a tail as the sun blows away the scales of the ice and as the pebble becomes its airy tail and here you are now in between moons in my lair oh my lair no my place for the time being only while being in time with a foot i have never nor ever had always there in eternity beside the Eternal the One in Three the uncounted immortals like me the accumulating thousands of millions of immortals like you who die and live on yes your mother yes your
father too but you have not yet died not dead just suitably like the vacuous tail and here i am to ferry you who can no longer walk between moons as i have ferried many others since the dragon fell is falling will fall around the newborn aging extinguished sun making of its collapse a path of improper in-betweens and repeatedly tens of millions of strides made as but one and some to places like this where no one’s foot can step and here you are less than a cloud and needing my ferrying along oh no i am not the animus of this comet which knows its own inanimate ends i just enjoy it here and am suited to here and was sent to here and here you have come and become what you must to not die just as you once were adapted made as stone yes a
gift but also a lingering accident of the way the dragon made itself suitable to anywhere it impinges and given to you as the sun is given and warms you and the earth is given and holds you and yes oh yes your prince is safe your companion is safe and both are now just clouds like you and ferried like you but not visited like you i am visiting you to thank you for taking the prince and your inclinations were well imparted and grown that you should say yes willingly by His will and keep the prince well i tell you now as the messenger i am that he will be returned but not for some years and in those some years he is yours to protect to raise through the time born of your great decision and never fear never doubt that the decision was great was
good to Him who judges good my beloved joanna in the hands i have never nor ever had i hold you and your things all to ferry you by His command and my liking yet i wonder may i ask do you have a stocking cap in your pack to wear when you are flesh again as a tail from your head and striped or baubled or brimmed with fur since i do like a stocking cap on the head of your kind since it reminds me of comets and those i adore and so here i am as i have said allied with this comet but no i see here just a hat in your pack never mind oh yes oh my oh yes i know the Lord is here too i knew that on the instant and how blessed i am to hold Him whom i have always beheld but i am a creature like you and in my thoughts are small things and an adam or eve in a stocking cap just simply delights me it does so i laugh so you laugh and my delight is unlike that of some of my siblings but then we are indeed each a species unique and so it was not i who announced to Our Lady nor i who stood at the tomb yet somehow i merited this visit and message or else i was already here at this my comet and so be it i will do well
enough as i do what He wills and be joyous joanna i do see your grief so turn from it now for you shall see your parents again and in life you will love the untutored prince and we each have our place in His thoughts as we are sent
Canto 37
Helen wondered if there were any clouds at all. Each glimpse of the sky had been of a fussless blue. Curious, she stood at a window and, looking out and above, awaited a wisp. Birds called. Insects chattered. She heard a car or two, now and then, usually from the busier road at the edge of the neighborhood. At last a high jet brought a lone line of white. Otherwise the sunlight fell from everywhere upon everything. Tranquility. Not least because the hububbing machinery of the squatting reporters had been removed. Prodded by Agent Cranitch, the local police had favored courtesy over the “rights of the press” and cleared out the typewriting, broadcasting herd. A circling patrol car kept them all away. While it amused Helen to be a spectacle for so many, it also pleased her to have her yard unruined by strangers. She was grateful to Agent Cranitch.
Yes, she still had her misgivings about him. He seemed unnecessary; she wished the Government wouldn’t fret. But he was helpful, quiet, asked for little, and sometimes left the house, as if to check the fields for wolves. He was unobtrusive. And she could admit that the situation might concern the FBI. After all, her husband was a well-known astronaut and she had been blatantly blessed by God. Who knew what earthly mischief could come of that? Then, of course, there was that “fight” in Kansas. But honestly, what exaggeration! Scott had explained it had been nothing, a collision of strangers, a flash that had ended in words, not blows. He was ashamed of himself but it was past and he had no idea whom it was he encountered. Really, why should the FBI be so concerned? “It’s silly,” she said to the sky; and she wondered if You agreed.
Helen heard knocking and turned from the window. They were expecting Father Mayfield from her parish church; he had phoned the night before to make arrangements. They were surely expecting no one else. Agent Cranitch politely asked her to step back into the room. When she did (with an indulgent smile), he went to the door. Mayfield, who knew the Hales, did not know Cranitch, but surmised (per suit and demeanor) that he was an official. Mayfield carefully introduced himself and asked if Mrs. Hale was about. “Oh, I’m right here, Father.” He saw her come around to the vestibule. He removed his hat and might have stepped forward, except that the official was still sizing him up. Mayfield felt constrained to pause. Then the official nodded and stepped back. “Don’t mind Agent Cranitch, Father. He’s a gift from the FBI.” Mayfield said Ah! and cordially shook the Agent’s hand.
Being called a “gift” without rancorous sarcasm, indeed with amiable intent, was uncommon for Lorcan. To be sure, this assignment was like being in a safehouse and protecting a turncoat hoodlum; that is, it involved much the same sort of sitting about and being wary. But the location was not a stained motel nor his charge an embarrassment to mankind. Mrs. Hale kept a bright home and was herself aglow. It was the miracle, no doubt (or, if one preferred, the inexplicable retreat of her sickness), that had lightened her so and made her agreeable company; it also helped that she was pleasantly mannered and pleasantly curved. Lorcan had struggled with too many ideological schoolmarms, frumpy agitators, conniving dames, and knockouts adorning thugs. Mrs. Hale was a simple pleasure. When he had first arrived, she had joked that it might seem improper, she alone with him in the house; but he had apprehended immediately that she was not flirting. She was merely stating the fact of the appearance and assuring him, with good cheer, that she was unafraid of the occasion. The confidence in her own virtue — and the trust in his — had made her all the more pleasing. If nothing else, Lorcan would have foregone any hanky-panky so as not to disappoint her. In any event, though she really was a lovely girl, she could have no worries, for Special Agent Lorcan Cranitch was a professional. Crime begins in passion. He knew better than to lust on the job.
As Mrs. Hale and Fr. Mayfield settled in to talk, Lorcan went to the kitchen to get a coffee, sit for a while, and survey the yard outside. As ever he listened for trouble but did not eavesdrop. He let the voice of Mrs. Hale become just another summer sound.
Canto 38
Rome was irked. She wished for herself a divine pace, an imitation of Your methodical patience, for the haste of the world prevented the proper consideration of anything. Yet the world hastened; and the Americans hastened all the more. Would that this miracle had come to a cobbler’s daughter, off in an overlooked province of shepherds! Instead it had come to the wife of an astronaut, in the heart of immodest Texas. The noise about it was already great. It irked Rome. Everyone but she was assessing this miracle and declaiming this or that. Such was unacceptable. With unbecoming impatience she commanded haste. The Vice Postulator of Goodnow’s Cause was told to hasten the inquiry. The Archbishop of Galveston was told to hasten the inquiry. The Pastor of St. Theresa’s was told to hasten the inquiry. And so Father Mayfield, Assistant Pastor, suddenly found himself to be the official inquisitor.
Mayfield was usually given the unexpected tasks. His Pastor disliked what was not routine. Mayfield himself was an imposition on the Pastor, having been deposited only last year on St. Theresa’s doorstep, a castoff from a collapsed Order. (The poverty of Mayfield’s old Order had been less a rule than a misrule; and its spirit, holy or not, had been lost along some road.) By sending Mayfield off to deal with this or that irruption, the Pastor was killing two birds; and that always restored the Pastor’s happiness. Though it might seem undignified to be the Pastor’s lackey, Mayfield didn’t mind. He had never considered the Church a place of stepping stones. He found himself carried by the waters and was content. However low his position, he laughed as heartily. This, too, somewhat annoyed his Pastor, who wondered if Mayfield’s indifference to rank was just an affectation of saintly idiocy.
But an idiot, Mayfield was not. He always proceeded capably. Thus he would bind Mrs. Hale by oath, ask every question telefaxed by the Promoter of Justice, coordinate the participation of the Medical Expert, and properly inquire into Mrs. Hale’s situation. Indeed Mayfield was the ideal inquisitor, for he was no fan of Goodnow’s Cause. Mayfield was the sort who of course acknowledged the raising of Lazarus but cringed at Noah’s Ark. To a clear-eyed Texan, the Ark was guff; yet there it was, in scripture sacred. And although, in such cases, Mayfield so loved the Word he humbly concluded “So be it,” he still lamented the proliferation of Christian fairy tales. How to stand upon Ares Hill and proclaim a Resurrection in Palestine, when brothers beside you are absurdly proclaiming a Martyrdom on the Moon? As neutrally as possible, he inquired of Mrs. Hale why she prayed to Goodnow.
“You mean of all the blessed in Heaven, why him? Well because I like him. He was so brave on Titan and so noble on the Moon. Even the picture books made that clear. But there’s something else, too, a kind of sadness I feel for him. You know how I prayed to him as a child? Dear Zebediah / Come back to Earth / I’ll be your friend / Please help me with — with whatever — school or boys — whatever was troubling me. I imagined Zebediah was still on the Moon after all that time and only needed to know I sympathized with his solitude. Not that I had a fellow feeling. I was never a lonely child myself. It was really a sisterly concern I suppose. Of course when I was older and I read Joanna’s memoir I realized Zebediah genuinely was a lonely young man, even before he was alone on the Moon. And much as I understood from my catechism that it was Christ who answered my prayers, even as a young woman I would keep saying my prayer as if Zebediah was the one who would deliver. Such theological sloppiness, eh, Father! Is it shameful? My stars! I don’t disregard Jesus! But I pity Zebediah. He so distrusted himself. It’s pitiful! I suppose pity might be condescending but it also draws me to him. It’s like we’re in cahoots when I pray to him. I call to him and he sneaks about Heaven, gathering grace for me, his friend!”
Helen stopped. She studied Mayfield’s neutral face, a little inquisitive curl to her mouth. “Ah. Your real question is: Why the ludicrous Goodnow? Oh, Father. Zebediah was surely a servant of God. If his story bothers you, consider it just another scandal that makes us all fools to the world.”
Canto 39
Eddie was here. Yesterday he had taken a bus from Kansas. At the bus station in Houston he had found a phone book and a map. He had located Hale (so he hoped). But the ride had been long. It had dulled him. And the hour was late. He had to relax. He slept at a hotel. The rooms were a bit better than the alleys outside. He could not relax, however. He awoke repeatedly. Unhappily. Fretting. As he had for hours on the bus. What if Hale ignored the gun? If he laughed Eddie off? Eddie had to be threatening. He had to not look stupid. In the ill-lit hotel room, as he lay with eyes open, seeing but not seeing, Eddie again wished he had bullets. Just in case. To fire at Hale’s feet. Or something. Just one bullet, is all. Especially if the apology was not enough.
Eddie was here. And so was everyone else. If he’d had doubts about pinpointing Hale’s home, they were gone. He had walked from a metro-bus stop at a shopping center nearby, meaning to come inconspicuously to Hale’s home; when from a block away he saw the crowd. He saw cameras. He saw logos on vehicles. Reporters. Of course! All around the home of the Famous Astronaut. Like garbage piled in an alley. It infuriated Eddie. He was prepared not to find Hale right away — Did astronauts work 9 to 5? — but this? It hindered a reckoning that should have been private. If he got too close they’d ask: Do you know him? Do you like him? Do you have any stories to share? The hand-sized weight in Eddie’s jacket would be obvious. The cameras might already see him and his gun. Eddie’s heart sank. Why must this be so hard?
Trepidatiously he crossed the street, away from Hale’s home. Please make this easier. Eddie didn’t realize he was praying. If you had asked him directly, he would have said he never prayed; he simply spoke wishes to the things that beset him, to turn them to his side. He was demanding that the beast he rode, behave, come to, stop bucking. Had he imagined his plea would cause Someone to help, he’d have shut up; for if Someone did answer, what then? Would Eddie accept the kindness? Nah. That would diminish him. Fuck that. Better to chastise the beast. Indeed, to assume there is only the beast. That way, when no one does answer, you’ll know why: Nothing but things to hear you. Thus might have gone Eddie’s thoughts, had he given it any thought at all. As it was, he pleaded without focus, ignorant of his longing for You.
Daunted for now, Eddie walked aimlessly. As happens when action is lacking, his mind returned to fretting. His gut joined in. He remembered what Pedro had said: So you’re gonna do it. At the time this had seemed like the acclamation of a little devil, delighted by Eddie’s choice to act against the hated Hale. Even if, as Eddie guessed, Pedro had been talking about only a drug run, the question remained rich with unintended accusation. Haunted by it even now, in both mind and gut, Eddie had to draw back. He sat on a curb. He glowered. To be accused is to be unjustified. How could Eddie be unjustified! Hale had bullied Susie. And Eddie had failed her. He was only setting things aright. He wouldn’t hurt Hale! Eddie hadn’t brought any bullets. So why feel accused? As Eddie glowered a cat came by. He snapped his hand at it; it jerked and ran. To the left he noticed the fat-nosed grimace of a lawn-mowing feeb. Up the sidewalk a buck-toothed harpy was being pulled by a rat-shaped poodle. On a porch two foot-in-the-gravers rocked repulsively in their chairs. Eddie heard the yells of children as a nearby shelling. And one might wonder, of those around Eddie that day, who had lived a holy life and was a constant friend to You; whose death would be in Christian peace; or who, though his virtue be not often heroic, might, by a single act, deserve to be called a Saint.
Eddie wondered no such things, of others or himself. On that curb, without his Susie, Eddie ached. He decided to try again later, when the reporters might be gone. And to try again until they were. For now he left to get a burger and find some kind of rest.
Canto 40
Carlando’s plan was simple: As the weakling Cooper returned with the drugs, some mysterious somebody would jump him. Damn, Salvatore, it’s dangerous muling between Texas and Kansas. Gosh, Salvatore, I could help you with that. See, Salvatore, I got guys to protect your mules. Hey, Salvatore, I’m just proud to be part of your organization. Of course the mysterious somebody would be Pedro. Carlando was providing the problem to his solution. So, as Cooper took the bus, Pedro raced in Carlando’s car. He beat Cooper to the station in Houston. He stealthily followed Cooper to a hotel. Pedro knew where Cooper would pick up the drugs the next day, but wanted to keep him on a leash. Then he saw someone tailing Cooper. This excited Pedro. To end up actually protecting Cooper from an actual assault might be safer than deceiving Salvatore. When the somebody left the hotel, Pedro followed.
Pedro intended to get answers. He supposed this somebody was just a scout. Too wiry to be a goon. Then he realized it was a chick. He watched her scuttle through patches of street-light and come to an apartment building. On the stoop she turned, so suddenly she wobbled. She barked to the shadows: “Let’s talk.” Pedro snarled at his own incompetence. Warily he neared her, hand on the pistol in his jacket. He recognized her from the pawn shop. What was going on? “Follow me,” she said flatly, without allure. What did she want? If nothing else, she could complicate things. Pedro needed answers. Playing along, he nodded. She buzzed someone. “Jib, it’s me, let me up.” The door unlocked. They went inside. In the elevator she seemed agitated. He wondered if she was, after all, just bait. If so, Pedro was ready to shoot whoever might trap him.
The man in the apartment readily opened his door, welcoming her with a squeaky hello. He went slack-jawed when he saw Pedro. Plain damn surprised. Clearly not a trap, then. Emboldened, Pedro brought out his pistol and waved them both inside. They obeyed. The man was terrified; the chick, annoyed. From the hi-fi came a reedy voice: It wouldn’t be much thrill / To die for DuPont in Brazil! Pedro winced. Did he recognize the voice of Pete Bowers, that delightful folk singer (and devotee of un-American activities) who regarded Stalin as, at worst, “a hard driver”? No; Pedro just winced at the reediness. Right off he told the man to kill the hi-fi. Once inside, door shut, he saw on the wall a poster for the International Peace Committee — and a Russian flag. The hell! These two were Commies? Huh. Pedro knew nothing and already it was making less sense.
In the quiet, he realized, they awaited his move. He worried about his look. He had dressed to be unnoticed. He wished he had a hat, that black one, cocked to the left. Or those racer’s gloves, wrists upturned; also black. Or the shades! Black as doom. So everyone knew who he was; what he meant. Lacking a look, he snapped at her to talk — and did she ever. “Listen! I know about you and Cooper. You know about it all — I know — you’re here to back him up. This thing — with Hale and Cooper’s woman — Hale’s no hero — man of his house and his pretty little missus! — they should all stop saying that. They want you to believe that — I don’t — Jib doesn’t! We see the hypocrisy — it can only be hypocrisy. They can only lie. They use the lie against us — to lessen us — the lies exist because the Hales really don’t.” Whirling in a pit she cried: “Mr. Astronaut! Top Man! Miracles from Jesus! Hale’s a mendacious primitive — a liar! — him and his desert god! People need to know he is shining filth. And weak! So’s his ugly wife! Everyone needs to see. Got it? We gotta make Cooper succeed — together — that’s why I lured you here — to talk! See? Solidarity! We gotta work together to make sure all of it ends.” Minster was fractured and in flames. Pedro was flabbergasted — and distracted. Jib, fearful and foolish, swept up a book and clumsily threw it at Pedro.
Startled, Pedro shot Jib, and instantly scolded himself for killing someone. Minster, perceiving Jib’s body, wailed. Still in flames, she hurled herself at Pedro and knocked him down. His skull hit the radiator. Hard. Plain damn surprised, he lay; and he wasted his finale by whining: “You fucking goofy chick.”
Canto 41
That night was cold for Minster. She kicked the pawnbroker’s broken head and petulantly left him there, pooling blood. She sat beside Jib. She pressed a pillow against the hole in his chest. She didn’t call anyone. Jib was done. She told him he was stupid; she saw he didn’t move. It was ridiculous. She had only wanted to keep him apprised. He had only to follow along. Why did he throw that book? She was confused. Her attack had gutted her flame. Every whirling thought had dissipated. She became thoughtless among the dead. An hour passed. No one came to the apartment; the shot had been ignored. She was alone. Jib couldn’t listen. Shivering, unexpectedly weak, she lay her head on Jib’s pillow. The cold took. Then she shuddered awake, a sliver of sunlight on her face. Glaring at Jib, she arose stiffly, and gathered up the waiting pistol.
There was no one to help her. She used the toilet and splashed her eyes and set out, as usual, alone. She didn’t hesitate to leave Jib where he was. He wouldn’t get any deader. She had to finish this thing with Cooper. Hale had to fall. Through a morning mist, a promise of heat, a city giving way to the sun, Minster returned to Cooper’s hotel. She waited outside on a bench. She trembled. When Cooper appeared she followed. What if he realized his ally was missing? What if he realized she was behind him? She was so in the soup, now. But that’s why she had taken the pistol, see? Anyhow, Cooper seemed unperturbed, and made his way to the Hales’ neighborhood. Now, Minster could acknowledge the tactical problem created by all those reporters. But when Cooper dithered, lost his nerve, and retreated to a diner, Minster fumed.
Lorcan had been up for a few hours, too. He had slept in the guest room while his partner took the night shift. The evening before, when showing him the room, Mrs. Hale had wistfully noted it wasn’t the nursery, yet. Even before her sickness, a child had eluded the Hales. It seemed unlikely to Lorcan that a girl such as she could be barren; but he didn’t know how to comfort her so with the appropriate discretion. He blandly said No doubt when she brightly said Someday. In any event, his partner had brought some information from the field office in Topeka. Their agents had identified the couple from the Dyne-Quik. The woman wasn’t worrisome; the man, on the other hand, though decidedly small-time, was insufficiently lawful. Certainly cause for worry. This morning Lorcan was again reviewing the documents, especially to study the juvie photos of Mr. Edward Cooper.
It was troubling that Cooper could not be found. Miss Baxter seemed to know something but refused to say. Lorcan decided to have the reporters removed to give this Cooper no cover, should Cooper try anything against the Hales. Lorcan wanted the field clear. Of course this just cleared a path for Eddie, who, on his third anxious visit that day, saw the way open and, steeling himself, moved in. He didn’t know that Hale had gone to Long Island to land on the Moon; he didn’t know that Mrs. Hale was conversing with Fr. Mayfield; he surely didn’t know that Agent Cranitch was on a coffee-fueled close patrol. Eddie got as far as the lawnmower shed at the Kowalskis’ next door. Lorcan identified Cooper and discreetly subdued him. Cooper was brought to his knees, disarmed, and cuffed. With some contempt, Lorcan pointed out to Cooper that Maj. Hale was not even in Texas. Lorcan savored Cooper’s demoralization. The story behind this one might be interesting, though more likely pathetic. Unfortunately the story hadn’t quite ended, for Lorcan had sloppily overlooked the frazzled woman with the pistol. She fumed. Lorcan, his weapon holstered, calmly told her he was FBI. She said she didn’t care and rigidly raised the pistol, pointing it at Lorcan. “Cooper has to finish,” she growled. Lorcan glanced curiously at Cooper. Eyes wide, Cooper squawked that he didn’t know her. Minster spun her rigid arm to point at Eddie. “No you don’t,” she yelled. “I know you!”
After the Sutton kidnappers were gunned down, Lorcan’s partner, unsettled by the body count, had asked philosophically — and morosely — when all the killing would end. Lorcan bitterly answered: “When all the bad guys are dead.” Weapon in hand, Lorcan now stood over Anna Minster, wondering how bad she had been.
Canto 42
Chuck Kowalski had TV problems. Really, most everyone did. When his TV misbehaved, Chuck, like many, suspected the fragile vacuum tubes. Unlike many, rather than use the two-bit emission tester at Capitol Drugs, he’d take his suspicious tubes to Scott. Scott, being an actual engineer, had a higher class of tools on his workbench, notably a mutual conductance tester. Many days after that woman was killed in Chuck’s backyard, his TV died. Seeing everything right in acting as normally as possible, Chuck brought over some tubes. He and Scott had already talked about the killing, when Scott, both grim and upright, had asked forgiveness for endangering the Kowalskis. Cheerily magnanimous, Chuck had told him to stuff it; that Scott was not responsible for loons. And now, conductance tests complete (and one tube condemned), they sat at the bench in Scott’s garage and, as ever, chatted about baseball, rocketships, and barbecues.
Scott had of course returned immediately from Long Island. The attention of the FBI had turned out to be a blessing. Helen was safe. And yet… Agent Cranitch, explaining the event, was frank with Scott. Lorcan had meant to contain the situation — that had been his mandate, after all — and instead, much to J. Edgar’s dismay, he had created an incident. In his own defense he did suppose he was prompted by professional instinct. Miss Minster did have a touch of the rabid. Indeed, authorities soon discovered two bodies at the apartment of her friend. Little made sense, so far, but the players were familiar enough: Communists, hooligans, and queers. Same old, same old. How it tired Lorcan. Still, whatever wickedness he may have terminated, and however much he had protected the nearby citizens (and his apprehended suspect), he could admit that he had perhaps too quickly drawn and fired.
He had certainly made it impossible to spirit Cooper away and keep the Hales untroubled. Sooner than he would have liked, he had to interview them. As it was, they truly had no knowledge of Minster, Jib, or Pedro. No one, not even Cooper, knew why Shoulder was in Houston, nor why Minster was following Cooper. Cooper claimed to be on his own. It was clear that he had not intended harm; his .45 had been unloaded. His intent must have been intimidation. But to what end? That, he wouldn’t say. He had silenced himself. Scott, however, had an idea. Sadly he told Cranitch: “I humiliated Cooper. I’m sure he hasn’t admitted his cruelty against Helen, not even to himself. I’m also sure he doesn’t want vengeance or blood. I all but assaulted his girl and I’m sure he just wants me to admit that. At gunpoint, if need be.”
Cranitch had thought this plausible. As the days had passed, its likelihood had bothered Scott more and more. After Chuck had delivered his hour of neighborly chat — never quite realizing the kindness of such a normal thing — Scott resumed his worries. How true it is, that even a breath of sin can bring a tempest! Some might call his outburst in the Dyne-Quik a petty moment of anger, but it was only that: anger, unrighteous and weak. He had sinned against peace and charity. And yes, he knew it. He had already confessed it, out of sight of the ignorant world. Father, forgive me. But his sin, it seemed, had sired others. He grieved for the dead; and although he could not fathom their roles, he saw that their deaths were born of his breath. What to be done? He had been pondering this for a while. There remained Eddie Cooper. This normal hour with Chuck had emphasized what was yet unsettled. Scott now left the garage and found Helen. He told her he had decided. She kissed him in agreement. Now, Agent Cranitch could understand Scott’s motives; but he only allowed the visit in the hope that things might be jostled and facts might escape. And so it was, that Scott faced Eddie in an interrogation room of the Houston PD. This time Eddie was not cowed. He presented a fulsome hostility. Scott, offering peace, quietly said: “Please forgive me for what I did to you and your girl.”
Eddie thought he was being mocked. But no; the prick was serious. No sneer. No swipe. No snigger forthcoming. And nothing coerced. Eddie was stunned. Hale had apologized! Sure, Eddie was in a terrible mess — but he had won. He had done it. Susie could never deny his worth again.
Canto 43
Finished trimming hedges, Scott watched Helen from a patio chair. She was hanging sheets to dry, lifting from the basket, draping on the line, pinning at the corners, agile in the breeze. She wore capri pants and sneakers, her hair held back in a ribbon. Earlier, at Mass, she had worn a pleated skirt, white gloves, and a chapel veil. In either case, she was beautiful; in either presence, a woman full. Back when Scott was a fighter jock, though there were many women willing, he had always been chaste and kept his life uncluttered by intentions. Yet now he lived, bewitched by a wife. Helen was his graceful center; the maker of his haven. His one-time fellows disdained him as a man who no longer truly flew — to them, every astronaut was Spam in a can — but with a wryful pride he knew he had each of them beat.
He stole up to Helen and, from behind, crossed his hands on her stomach, and held her. Sinking against him she whispered: “Hey, Winslow.” He kissed the top of her head, on the pallidotomy scar that was gone. Yes, gone. The deniers were accusing Dr. Page of never having done the pallidotomy, of being a scamming quack; but in fact the miracle had restored everything to Helen. The Medical Expert would soon confirm this, based on the records and new radiological scans. Scott’s wife was whole. She was herself and as she should be. She would not depart him now. Bl. Zebediah, the holy hero of Joanna’s memoir, the adventurer to celestial lands, the favorite of a faithful boy who dreamed of visiting the skies, had become the boy’s greatest friend. Father, Son, and Holy Ghost had mercifully rescued Helen; but it was Bl. Zebediah who had finally persuaded Them.
Even Fr. Mayfield was coming round to this truth. Lately his interviews weren’t so very neutral. Between the questions, he had fallen into jovial conversation. (He had even gone on about his former Order, grinning especially and guffawing about that time a jet-setting brother priest had thought to attract a better class of retreatant by building a golf course on the Order’s humble land!) Oh, Mayfield’s inquiry was no less rational and pointed; but mixed in was his joy at the growing evidence for the miracle, and, wary or not of the ludicrous Goodnow, Mayfield seemed less an inquisitor and more another confidant in a Work of the Lord. Confidentially he soon inquired beyond what the Promoter of Justice demanded. Perhaps this was due to Mayfield’s instinct as Scott’s parish priest; in any event, after the shooting, he had asked Scott (delicately, to be sure) about the confrontation in Kansas.
He agreed with Scott that despair had driven the anger. Still he wondered: Why the despair? Yes, Scott had briefly lost faith in God’s mercy, and that was the very definition of despair; but even that missed the point. Finding himself in quite the pastoral mood, Mayfield noted that in the beginning, God declared everything good. Had God not meant the material world to matter, He’d not have made us soul and body. To say that Heaven is our true home is to disparage our given home; say rather that Heaven is our eventual home. Do you imagine that the beauty of a snowfall is merely a consolation? It is intrinsic. After the eschaton, there will still be winter; for beauty can harm us only in a corrupted world. What is material will not be discarded but glorified. Created things are to be loved as goods of God, even in this limited era. There is even something beneficial in love under limits, for love is not profuse but parsimonious, and shared so narrowly can vivify and sustain; but it can also become idolatrous. And here Mayfield spoke most delicately of all, because he suspected that Scott’s love for Helen, however apt, was materially obsessive. She was his idol. Idols are stone. Stone is dust. As if her death would be her obliteration; as if any miracle would be but a mere repair, with God as Engineer! Enamored of the transient Helen, Scott could not viscerally accept that she was immortal.
So ventured Mayfield. Scott did not disagree. Holding her close, he prayed for the wisdom to love her well. He knew he might flounder. He might still obsess. Indeed, that night, to his surprise, he again had his terrible vision; and he despondently realized the argument was all about Helen.
Canto 44
Its heart long cold, its flesh but debris, the Moon was a tired old place, struck unavailingly by sun’s wind and meteor’s fall. Years before, under some undeterred impact, the ground outside the Hole had been shattered and collapsed. Hastening now from a deadly skirmish — and dazed by a peculiar interlude of being unsolid — Zebediah, Joanna, and Ninurta neglected their footing and tumbled. They joined a heap of broken rocks. The Prince was cushioned by Joanna. In their pains they might have paused, but Ninurta pushed them to huddle farther aside. Wisely so, too, for within minutes the Giant appeared, fell himself, and buried the heap. And stopped. As if dead. The four guards did not appear. The trio, like animals caught out of shadow, awaited some act from the Giant. He had been beset as high as his neck and was bleeding from many slashes. Eyes closed, he groaned.
Zebediah and Joanna did not hear it. The groan was in the ground. (Even earless Ninurta sensed it.) There was no air by which to hear; besides, their bodies had been altered, each seamlessly closed in a transparent bubble-skin. Sound came only by touch. Rumbling within Zebediah were two words, drawn and weak: miserere mei. Have mercy on me. Zebediah absorbed the entreaty and was a bit unsettled; but he was no longer panicked. With the Bull of Heaven apparently humbled, Zebediah had a chance to be calm. And in his calm he noticed two things. First, though enclosed, he was not smothered. Indeed, while he sensed the air in his bubbled body, he did not feel compelled to breath. Second, this place was grey. And barren. And starlit. And all too familiar. It was the place of his vision. What little calm Zebediah had captured managed to scurry away.
He noticed a third thing. Bright against the stars was a globe of white and blue. Clouds over seas; and glimpses of land. He could not discern the Atlantic, the Pacific, nor America, let alone Kansas, but he apprehended Earth. His bones insisted: Home. Before he could doubt it, Joanna spoke. Her voice being too small to vibrate the ground, she gripped Zebediah’s arm and, surface to surface, muffled yet exuberant, she told him: “Father! I met an Angel!” Zebediah did not scoff. For one thing, he knew angels are real. For another, in this adventure, given all else, a Messenger of God was downright likely. Anyhow, Joanna explained they had been ferried through a comet by the resident angel. “The Angel spoke to me. He said that the Prince is my responsibility by God’s will.” She smiled broadly. “And I’m not afraid anymore. Of course my parents await me!”
He marveled at Joanna. She was past grief and second-guesses. So this, he thought, is ecstasy. He had wondered what it looked like. Pettily, he envied her. Wherever was his angel? For this pettiness he reproached himself. He begrudged Joanna nothing. He suppressed his low reaction and deliberately shared in her felicity. And as these contentions filled Zebediah, the Giant, still down, still wounded, caused the stones to mourn: Pater, dimitte. Father, forgive. This frightened Zebediah. The Giant was addressing him. No; no! Such towering self-regard, petty priest! Zebediah reproached himself anew. The Giant — who didn’t know Goodnow from Adam — was surely addressing the Father. Of course, what was Zebediah but the Father’s agent? Fr. Goodnow existed to answer the pleas of souls. Whatever he unbound on Earth — or Moon! — was unbound in Heaven, too. Which, frankly, as he gazed upon the Giant, frightened him all the more. Now, while Zebediah fussed, Ninurta knew only this: The thing that had killed his men was not dead and the Prince was not secure. He interrupted whatever irrelevancy was occurring and lifted Joanna by the shoulders, urgently moving her away. Joanna did not resist until she saw Father wasn’t moving. Zebediah gestured not to fret. He withdrew the scroll, who was Nisaba, and handed her over. Gripping Joanna’s arm, he said, “I think the Giant may need me. You go on. Be safe. Earth is right there.” He smirked. “I’ll easily catch up.” Warmly he added, “I’m glad you came with me.”
Amid dangers a separation might be a goodbye. They both knew it. Joanna was unafraid, however. She understood what he intended. It confirmed yet again that he was what he should be. She hugged him contentedly. Child between them and her cheek against his, she said: “I’ll see you again.”
Canto 45
It was the will of the Empire, as proclaimed first by Joseph II, that children not be killed though they be unwanted. A mother, unmarried or not, could leave her child as a foundling and no one would question her; and in the findelhaus the child would live. Sadly, as happens in State institutions, results diverged from intent. The incompetence and child-killing conditions of the findelhaus in Vienna had prompted Violetta not to rely on the Empire and, with her Bishop’s permission, she had established, as the work of her convent, a refuge for children. She did not call it a findelhaus, for she had no lying-in rooms or a hospital as such at all, and she took in orphans as well, and she surely did not rely on the Imperial Treasury. Her refuge simply manifested the ancient charity of the Church, undistracted by even the admirable impulses of Emperors.
Obviously, Joanna and the Prince could not be placed in the children’s dormitory. Had there been provisions for lying-in, Joanna might have been easily secluded as the putative mother of an ailing child. As it was, she was set up in a postulant’s cell; and rather soon it seemed proper to Mother Violetta that Joanna should leave her little limbo and become a postulant in fact. Having, of late, been visited by an Angel of the Lord, and having, as a consequence, an ecstatic certainty of Faith, Joanna was already immersed in You and disposed to life outside the common. She agreed. She took on the long black stockings, black serge dress, and habit of wool. She prepared for her vows. And although she daily joined in the Divine Office and in the household chores of her Sisters, her primary obedience was of course to care for the “deformed” child.
In this she had unexpected help. One day, early on, Joanna was tending to the Prince. Her cell, its back to the south, received sunlight all day, while the Prince slept on a bed of earth; and Joanna cuddled him often. But this day he was writhing, his glow erratic. She was sad and frustrated. Now, in her cell, kept there like knick-knacks on her desk, were the two adult Martians. The woman was as she had been, a scroll; the big guard was now a stone. (Once all had been safe on Earth, he had, per orders, disguised himself, to be in hiding but on hand.) As the Prince writhed, the scroll suddenly roiled and re-formed as the woman. Joanna yelped. The woman (whose manner, Joanna decided, was that of a nanny) took the Prince and calmed him. Then she placed a hand on the earth — and flashed unpleasantly.
Joanna understood. She scurried outside and gathered soil from the garden, stones from the path, dirt from the yard, and sand from a wall being mortared. Nanny was pleased most with the sand and poured it like water on the Prince. He contentedly absorbed it all. So it was that the kinderheim acquired a sand garden, ostensibly for the children to play in, which was regularly refreshed by the quarry on the Danube, several miles away. And so it was that Joanna and Nanny began their collaboration. Awkwardly, at first. But then, rather than accumulate ad-hoc gestures, Joanna taught Nanny to sign. (Joanna herself was taught, per Mother’s helpful command, by Sr. Paula, who often aided the mute. Since Paula’s English was as meager as Joanna’s German, it was an education quite comical; though no more so than Joanna’s efforts with Nanny.) In time Joanna’s cell became as Mars, a place free of rational sound, a planet of silence — yet alive with speech. Joanna even came to understand many patterns and pitches of light. By and large, Nanny stayed as a scroll, to lessen the risk of her being discovered; but Joanna would sign and Nanny would shine and their thoughts and days would be shared; and soon the stone — the King’s Man, Nanny called him — laconically joined; and over the years the growing Prince, as if it were the most natural thing in the worlds, spoke, with hands and light, as easily to Joanna as to his own kind.
Back at the start, however, all was difficult. No matter the Girl’s kindness to little Shamash, this world was perplexing. Nisaba was distressed by not knowing enough. Even Ninurta was distressed, although he never confessed it. But both were stalwart. They trusted in Enlil; and always in The Truest One.
Canto 46
The Holes open when energies align; and close when they do not. Paths arise, depart, resume. Martians had gone to Earth before. Most had been overwhelmed; a few had returned with ways and tales. King’s City had been situated so as to surround, within royal precincts, the known Hole. Trafficking with the chaos out there was prohibited — especially after wicked men had wandered in from Earth. Ages passed. Myth supplanted the scholarly record. The facts remained, however, if only in lonely, aging books. Enlil, as the King’s Priest, recalled enough to recognize the genus of the strangers. Books in hand, he was able to brief Ninurta and his team about the way to Earth: Look for this, look for that, go right, go left. Yes, it was imprudent to presume that such ancient directions held; but they were all Enlil had, and he did not betray his reservations to Ninurta.
Of course, why go to Earth at all? Goodness, just find a cave or crater far away, hide the Prince, and wait until the crises end! Well, yes, if one were dully practical. Enlil, on the other hand, though never very bold, tended to be eccentric. For him it was no coincidence that the visitors should visit now. What’s more, he could tell they bore no wickedness; they bore rather a Life — placid — turbulent — restful — urgent — that astonished Enlil. He dared imagine this Life a paradigm for every lesser Life he had ever perceived. No, he didn’t understand how these visitors, how anyone, could be vouchsafed such a Life; but it was clear that they were favored. Indeed, as he explained to the hesitant Ninurta and Nisaba, he suspected a play of the Divine. (It’s a wonder You didn’t just burn a few bushes, You were so busy suggesting Yourself.)
According to the books, the path should stay open for many years. To be sure, the Prince might become trapped offworld; but of all Enlil’s options, this was the only one that forwent mundane contingencies and gave him a supernatural hope. He knew the Prince would be hidden truly and truly be returned. All this, Nanny eventually told Joanna (as much as sign and light allowed). Joanna was nonplussed. So the Martians had been motivated by an apprehension of goodness, not only in Joanna, as Mother supposed, but in the ciborium, which contained Goodness Itself. What a thing to learn, that the Real Presence might be sensually apparent to someone. This encouraged Joanna to work with Nanny on the vocabulary of faith, to talk of God and Jesus, to explain that the Life was precisely as singular as it had appeared. Which in turn encouraged thoughts of catechizing the Prince.
One day in the spring of 1859, while the earth dawdled and the sky enthused, Joanna took the Prince outside to play. No child, after all, could flourish forever in a cell. Of course, these excursions were only possible because the other children were elsewhere, as at Mass. (Altered by the Hole and disguised in clothing, the Prince was no less alien. Someday he would be able to mimic a human being; but even with Enlil’s dispensation to transform as needed, Nisaba was determined to raise Shamash in the habits of Order, with mimicry minimized.) Joanna watched the Prince toddle and fall and lift himself and joyfully hurl pebbles and twigs. Mother Violetta joined her on the bench. She was chatty today. She had recently read an article in the Illustrirtes Familien-Journal, about what British naturalists were calling “dinosaurs.” Imagine! Lizards like elephants! So many geegaws on Creation; such mad extravagance. Violetta chuckled. Looking upon the playful Prince, she said, “I still wish he could laugh. A child should laugh. But ah, he sparkles, yes?” She went to the Prince and, squatting down, took his hands and swung his arms, as if in a spritely dance. Presently she asked: “You have explained baptism to Nanny?” Joanna, frowning, said she was trying. Violetta nodded thoughtfully and, complaining about her joints, rose and returned to Joanna. “I know it is hard.” They had a duty, however, to offer the means of salvation. Joanna agreed. She longed especially to educate her little Prince.
 “You will teach him to speak with you, yes? Fill every practical lesson with Jesus. Fill the boy’s life, so the Faith will be a natural part of him. Oh, we do well enough, he should become Apostle to the Martians!” Violetta laughed, delighted by her share of Your cleverness.
Canto 47
Bp. Hoecker belonged to the Society of Pius IX. The SPIX had its misgivings about Pope Giuseppe, who had been installed by the Triumvirate. In accord with his installers, Giuseppe considered the primary concern of the world to be — not the moral disposition of men — but “worker unemployment.” The SPIX countered with the Magisterium and a nostalgia for the assassinated Pope. Though not schismatic, the SPIX did create for its members a certain disconnect from the ecclesiarchy. When Zebediah did not appear in Vienna, Mother Violetta began inquiries. The need for discretion (she didn’t want inquiries pointed at Joanna) and the wilderness status of the SPIX meant her questions were not easily conveyed, and thus it was months before she learned that Fr. Goodnow had not reported to Bp. Hoecker. Zebediah might have been unable to. Or — as Joanna came sadly to accept — he had never made it to Earth.
Yet he wasn’t on the Moon, either, or so it seemed. Ninurta regularly made the trek to Mars and back (mimicking and stealthing while on Earth), to see if it was safe to return the Prince. That first trek, Ninurta came upon the corpse of the Giant (and, further on, the corpses of his men, whom he carried home to be buried under the Sands of the World). Ninurta found no corpse of Zebediah nor any footprints off the path. Would Zebediah have gone anywhere else, if not to Earth? Later, some concluded that Zebediah was on the Moon, but in a sort of celestial hermitage; others that he had been assumed. Joanna herself favored assumption, but in her memoir prudently suggested it as only a possibility. In any event he was gone. Needless to say, the mysterious misplacement of Zebediah Goodnow enhanced his allure among advocates of his Cause.
After five years it was safe to return the Prince. By then the three Martians were baptized. Nisaba and Ninurta had been, at first, terrifically bewildered by the idea that the Life was the Son of The Truest One, and the Son was the Father, and both were a Ghost, and all were the One True Creator; but ultimately the generosity and earnestness of the Little Mother made all her theologies plausible. Besides, Shamash was so happy with it all. Yes, yes, he was only a child; he was also the Prince, and that greatly encouraged assent. Now, there were many times Joanna feared she had imparted the Faith inadequately. And how well would that Faith endure? These Martians were indeed of the Body of Christ; still, on Mars there would be no Church to guide them. In the end, Joanna trusted the Holy Ghost to preserve His newest elect.
One could say, however, that all of this was incidental. Joanna had not accepted the Prince to make him a catechumen, let alone an Apostle. She had agreed to protect him, to raise him, to give refuge to the endangered child, to love him in disordered times. These things she had done. And now her beloved boy was taken. Back to his father, his home, his place; but taken from her. She was not forthright with him. He did not know it was forever. He didn’t sense the finality of Joanna’s kisses. She withheld no particle of her love, and then she wept for days. She prayed for an angel to console her. Her cell was grim. The world was grim. War was alive. France marched to restore the Papal States and depose Giuseppe; Austria denied the Roman Republic and its claims on the Empire’s Italian possessions. Garrisons rose around Vienna. Soldiers filled the roads. Meanwhile, the armies of Lincoln ravaged Georgia and all of America was bloody. Gloom configured all. Joanna fell into lassitude. Mother Violetta would have none of it. She imposed a new special obedience: Joanna would compose her emotions in a memoir. To be published, perhaps, after the Holes had closed; to be recorded, at least, and not forgotten. Sr. Joanna obeyed. The task reminded her that she missed Zebediah. Rehearsing their time together, moment to moment, renewed her affection — and her admiration. She wanted it known that he was heroic. Effacing herself, she elevated him.
His last act had been on the desolate Moon. He had heard the monster’s plea. He possessed the responsibility, the power, and the will to forgive, and for this he stayed behind. Joanna didn’t know the outcome; she knew only that Zebediah had ended himself in service to the Lord.
Canto 48
Someday there would be a church. Xavier had begun a fund early on. In the meantime, the cozy parlor was the cozy chapel. Meetings and gatherings were held in the kitchen. When Zebediah was an alumnus, he had slept in the unpleasant attic (an “appropriate mortification,” at least by Xavier’s lights); now, of course, he slept in the bedroom. He heard confessions in the wood-room, as had Xavier before him. The room was so used given its seclusion at the back; but also (as Xavier had explained) its truncated wood suggested both the Wilderness and the Cross. There was no partition, no screen, no anonymity during confession, unlike in the urban cathedrals. Father and penitent sat face to face. Zebediah was confessor and confidant. Whispered sins were unequivocally joined to specific faces; and faceful sins suffused the wood. Retrieving fuel for his stove often brought a moment of unpleasant recollection.
Not only that the sins were ugly, when they were not ridiculous. Even the penitent who was, let us say, bold in his revelations, was tempered by a reserve. Shame and sorrow, yes, but it seemed more a hesitant loneliness. At times Zebediah would putter around his house — his supper done, his vestments cleaned, his cellar in order — and notice his solitude, as if he were inside a desert tent; and then a penitent would come and the loneliness was doubled. Oh, he and the penitent were gladdened by the absolution; but then the penitent left, and what had been shared was best forgotten. Even this most intimate of priestly acts was ultimately distancing. Zebediah was suspended unhappily between his fellows and God. His duties sustained him and he tried to do all ad gloriam Dei; but he had never acquired Xavier’s enthusiasm for being everyone’s father and no one’s.
And now duty demanded again. There was no wood, there were no walls, but the seclusion was profound. The Giant continued to groan, to rumble Pater dimitte. He had likely killed the four Martian guards; he had certainly killed dozens in Indianola. He was not a storm. He was a murderer. What of it? If his sins be as scarlet, they shall be made white as snow; and he must be forgiven seventy times seven times. But how? He was not a man. Could the sacrament even affect him? Surely it must. The sacraments were not fastidious artifacts but a means of God’s will. Carefully Zebediah stepped forward. Although his Latin was better than Joanna’s, he had no hope of conversing with the Giant. Besides, the Giant was dying. Some cuts were significant; the blood was prodigious. Zebediah would have to acknowledge the Giant’s sins generally, without detail or enumeration.
Such an approach was allowed when penitents were near death and debilitated. Even so: Was the Giant, whatever his lament, truly repentant? Was he properly disposed to absolution? Zebediah could ask. How would the words go? Pœnitentiam te adducit. And the Giant need only answer: Vero. And then Zebediah could declare: Ego te absolvo. Okay. Fine. But even as Zebediah crossed his Ts, he wavered on his sanguine assumption that the Giant could be the object of absolution. Was the Giant rational? Was he free-willed? Was he indeed to be counted among Angels, Men, and Martians, a creature made imago Dei? He might be but a simulacrum; his speech but a series of echoes. The Giant had been so relentlessly arational it was difficult to determine his essence. And not only this doubt made Zebediah reluctant. He was also less than keen to touch the monstrous Giant, as he must to convey any words. And Lord, the murders were so abundant! Honestly, why was Zebediah fussing over this thing that had destroyed his neighbors? This thing, this absurdly deformed engine of rage? The bile rose in Zebediah. He was repulsed. Whyever had he stayed behind? He should not be dithering on the Moon. He should find Joanna. Get away. Get home. Get safe. How absurd, absolving a Giant! What madness! Fear stirred the bile. Zebediah stepped back. He stumbled into someone. He turned. Judas, standing with hands folded, grinned at him, as a strangely clothed man limped towards them both.
Ho! Behold, Priest! NASA’s minion arrives. And with Newtonian punctuality, even after his maths and machines have failed him and he must limp across the desert. Come, Astronaut, remove your helmet. It’s sweet how you’ve gone for a stroll. Radio dead and no way home! Do explore until the air runs out. But pause for now. Our little patch is oxygenated, and pressurized and moisturized and mesmerized, and kindly suited to your kind. You see the Priest is unaltered and wears no contraptions.
Judas.
So I am, Priest. But you are still at a slight disadvantage. The Astronaut knows who you are, for he has seen that one picture of you, taken in Illinois. But you, him? Astronaut! Helmet off! Off, off. Yes, much better. But why the awe —? Ah! The fabled Giant. You have found him! No telescope ever has, has it? Your few probes have never been in the proper orbit to catch a glimpse. Besides, by then, he’ll be reduced by vacuum, hardly distinct from the rocks. Is it not the secret desire of your little Space Program to prove or disprove that extraordinary memoir? Mars awaits, too. What a shame you’ll never report your findings. Really, why did you even bother clamping your helmet shut? Did you imagine you would be rescued? Why save yourself at all?
Because I am trained to save myself.
Ha ha. Of course. Priest, I give you the well-trained exemplar of American courage, Col. Scott Winslow Hale, late of Texas and the undone Virgo 11. Well, mostly undone. The remaining man is still in orbit, stoically coordinating his return to Earth. Too bad about that headstrong Goddard. And by the way, Astronaut, you’ve given a billion people a rather nasty shock. Death on the Moon! Live on TV!
I’m not dead.
Pfft. But you know you’re done. You think I’ll give you a lift back to Houston? The Priest here certainly can’t.
We can use the Hole.
Oh no, no, no, Priest. Not in the Astronaut’s era.
What do you mean, ‘his era’?
See that get-up? It’s his environmental suit. He came here in a man-made ship. In the year 1960. Clever America! And by 1960 the Holes on the Moon are closed. Oh, there are many Holes elsewhere, for the tail of the Dragon draws the third part of the stars of heaven; but none are here to serve our Astronaut. He knows it, too. Do you see how resigned he is? And notice, as well, how laconic he is about meeting you. Just about as laconic as yourself. Why do you think that should be?
He had the same vision.
Oh, too astute. The obvious cannot escape you. Yes, gentlemen, you will never enjoy your mutual vision again, or much else for that matter, because here we are. Time to play it out.
But why was I brought to 1960?
Who says you were?
You brought him to 1858?
You’re in 1858; he’s in 1960. I’m in Hell, which is rather devoid of calendars. And I brought no one. You know perfectly well who arranged this folderol.
God arranged this?
Yes, the Bastard arranged this.
But why would He use you?
Hmph. I’m affronted. Am I so awful? Have you already concluded I am such a miserable blot?
You’re certainly no Gabriel.
Ha ha ha! No I am not, Astronaut. Though why you think either of you deserve him, I can’t imagine.
So we only deserve you?
‘Only’? You wound me. I’m ‘only’ the Betrayer of the Bastard’s Bastard. I’m not a piker like that dissembling fishlicker Simon. My betrayal had consequences. As to why me, read your Book of Job. From time to time the Bastard has had his, oh, collaborations with my sort. We are given an opportunity to trouble the living, beyond the usual temptations. The plagues and torments are delicious in themselves, but the true allure is the chance to win a round arranged by the Bastard himself. That cretin Job got away, but not everyone does.
You’re here to tempt us?
Mmm. Maybe. You’re temptable, Priest.
If you send plagues to my wife and children —
Ho! My, my, Astronaut, what will you do? Punch me out? You could. You’re magnificently taller than I. Well trained, too, I hear. Just avoid my neck; it’s still sore from the noose.
You won’t win.
We’ll see, Astronaut.
You can’t win.
In the end, Priest? No, I can’t. Reality is rigged. Of course the Bastard will get his way. You think my Lord expects to defeat the Bastard? To usurp Heaven’s Throne, or some such nonsense? Don’t be stupid. My Lord was First of Heaven. He knows the Bastard better than does any creature — excepting, perhaps, that Foul Handmaid. Ach, save your indignation, the both of you. I won’t pretend to respect the mother of the foolish rabbi who drove me to foolish suicide. She’s your Lady and Queen, not mine. In any event, my Lord desires only maximum damage. He savors every soul that is damned. He’ll have trillions of victories by the end of it all. So what if that, too, serves the Bastard’s scheme? It’s not as if any of us can escape that. My Lord has no delusions about who is in charge. Why else do you think he hates the Bastard?
I won’t be one of your victories.
Perhaps not, Astronaut. I wither in your steely presence. But this stiff-collared idiot will be.
What!
No! He’s a Saint!
I’m a what?
Ha ha! Oh, the look on your face, Priest.
You’re a Saint. You were canonized two years ago. Well — a hundred years from now. My wife prayed for your intercession and she was cured. Don’t listen to this devil. The Church has already declared you’re in Heaven.
Pfft. The Church! What does the Church know? It’s a decrepit institution founded by a gaggle of besotted fishermen. Bulwark of fairy tales! Not even that scribbling, dewy-eyed Nun knows what finally happened here. I assure you, Goodnow’s not dead yet, and when we’re done he’ll be no Saint.
The Church could not canonize unless —
You assume, Astronaut, that just because I have implicitly acknowledged some things, every thing you have been told is true — including the so-called powers of the self-aggrandizing Entity of Rome.
Father of Lies!
Whoa, Astronaut, not my title. You’ll get me in trouble. I’m just the Stepson of Lies.
Wait, wait. I’ve really been canonized?
Yes, Father! You —
Ho ho, the Priest is obsessing. He’s flummoxed! Too much at once, eh? Mere days ago you were but a half-baked cleric, Hoecker’s solitary shock-troop, laughably positioned to dominate a Protestant hamlet. Today, one Giant and many Martians later, you learn you are in the company of Paul, Augustine, and Thomas! Head-spinning, no? Of course, I’ve already said that in reality you will be no Saint at all.
None of this is making sense. I’ve had too many days of nothing making sense. I should just find Joanna. Get away. Get home. Get safe.
My, my, you look distressed, Priest. Are you really such a milksop? Things haven’t even gotten nasty. Yet.
All the more reason to leave. I won’t give you the pleasure.
So uncharitable! No morsels for the damned? Yes, yes, of course this gives me pleasure. I won’t pretend it doesn’t. Witness my glee! I was never so gleeful in life. Then I was so earnest, so zealous, so frustrated, so angry, fretting over Israel, Romans, pieces of silver, and innocent blood. When I accepted who I am, embraced myself, and consummated with the noose, it was deliciously withering. Then the Bastard judged me. So yes, I admit that this diversion from the fire, this brief chance to do damage, is downright titillating.
Father, ignore him. You can’t leave. You have to become a Saint. You’re the blessed one my Helen grew up with. You’re the one she prayed to. You’re the one who interceded —
What the Astronaut means, Priest, is that you have to die here.
What!
No, devil! He has to do what Joanna said he did.
Yes. And die on the Moon.
No. Be a martyr. Not the same.
He’ll still be dead.
Not the point! I won’t let you harm Helen —
Wait! Who says I want to be a martyr!
Father, you already have been. Events have followed. My wife was cured because of you. You have to be here as you were.
Really, Astronaut. Saints are a dime a dozen. She could pray to another. Grant poor Goodnow the safety of Earth. Let him go.
No. You change a man’s will, you change all. Things are overturned. I won’t risk Helen. Her cure is done. I won’t hope for another pillar of coincidences to uplift her.
So hope in God.
Really, devil? Suddenly He’s not ‘the Bastard’? Next you’ll be quoting Scripture.
Col. Hale, you’re awfully cavalier with my life.
No. I’m defending your own decision, your own act. Yes, it benefits me. My wife will live —
Without you.
With our children, devil. Yes, I am dead. See how delicate the balances are? Some chain of chance might have saved me, but this chain did not. And this chain leaves my wife alive.
And in mourning.
As God wills it, devil, not you. Father. Please. You stayed behind to ease the Giant into Heaven. It was an impulse of charity and duty. There’s nothing special about the Giant —
Well, he is unique, Astronaut. The only one of his kind! What was the Bastard thinking? It seems a cruelty to have created him at all — ha! As if your creation were not as much a cruelty!
Father. This Giant is nobody but he is penitent. Stay. Absolve him. Don’t make a liar of the Church that calls you Saint.
You’re still donating my life, Col. Hale. I resent it. I resent this whole business. I didn’t stay behind to become a Saint. I wish no harm to your poor wife but I’m no Saint. That’s ridiculous. Me? Whatever my impulses may have been, I didn’t intend to be martyred. What the hell! I want this to end. I’ve had it. I’m so tired. I’ve been running around the sun for days —
My Helen —
I know, I know. Look. Tell me. Why do I die anyhow? What does my staying behind have to do with my dying?
I don’t know. You just never return to Earth. Maybe you don’t die —
Ho, ho! Listen to him, Priest. Don’t you worry a bit! Indeedily diddly doo, it is an absolutely established fact, attested by the Host of Heaven, that after all is done and done, you stake a claim in Mare Tranquillitatis and plant a peach tree in every crater!
Zebediah sighed. He turned from the argument, from the dismay in every syllable, from the speculations, calculations, and fuss and bother. Resuming his inevitable intent, he approached the Giant and asked: Pœnitentiam te adducit? The Giant did not open his eyes but answered, in the voice of a gale: Vero.
CODA
In that time, no son nor bride was safe from Gilgamesh, Ruler of Uruk, city of wide terraces and bright copper walls; Gilgamesh the Wild Ox, who was no shepherd to his people. Seeing the people cower, the gods made another like Gilgamesh, powerful, to receive his terror; they made the foe Enkidu; who instead became the companion of his likeness Gilgamesh. Together they prevailed over Huwawa, demon of the Cedar Forest; together they killed the Bull of Heaven. The gods, affronted, chose Enkidu to die; and Enkidu, punished, underwent the fate the high gods have established for mankind; and Gilgamesh, woeful, seeing the worm crawl out of Enkidu, feared the end. Might Gilgamesh avoid the fate? Grieving and clad in the skin of a beast, Gilgamesh journeyed to the Faraway, to find Utnapishtim, a man said to be immortal; to learn how Gilgamesh the Wild Ox need never die.
Shuruppak, on the Euphrates, had been Utnapishtim’s home, until the gods turned against its fortunes and sent an obliterating Flood. A conniving god warned Utnapishtim, who then raised a boat of pitch and timber, loaded with family, goods, and beasts. Affronted by the survival of the mere Utnapishtim, the gods were persuaded by the conniving one that Utnapishtim had merely, and wisely, listened to the burgeoning wind, and should be rewarded for his wisdom. And so was he settled in the Faraway and made immortal. Thus there was nothing for Gilgamesh to learn. There was no secret, no skill, no contrivance; it was the gods, always the gods, who spared Utnapishtim. See how the dead and the sleeping resemble each other? Man is to die. Too bad, I suppose, that Gilgamesh predated Your glorious meddling on Sinai and in Bethlehem. He never heard that death is the wages of sin.
So we, who will be paid inevitably, can not avoid the fate; still, we can fret about the timing. Why did You take Scott when You did? Did he have to be stranded to meet Zebediah? What if Scott, walking about with his tools, doing his job after landing safely, had merely — if yes, supernaturally — bumped into Zebediah? The conversation could have happened just as well. Or was it rather that Scott’s death was an opportunity? Eh? I guess he had nothing better to do while he awaited his suffocation; why not offer counterpoint to Lucifer’s agent? Still! Why kill him — yes, yes, fine, allow him to die — so prematurely, after ostentatiously saving his wife? You all but mocked Yourself. So much for the blessed Hales! Why nurture the glee of Your fractured foes? Oh, is it hard to explain? Are there too many moving parts? Too many little wills?
And while You weave perfection from what we rip and unravel, You offer Your Son to compensate, to take the punishment if only we let Him, to return, if only we would assent, the patrimony of grace once forfeited by Adam and Eve. Helen could never quite tuck the grieving away, to leave it at some memorial stone in Arlington — for the Moon continued to cross the sky, her husband’s grave ever above her; but neither had she forgotten Your Son. In Thy wounds I fain would hide / To be ne’er parted from Thy side. Her wounds were lost in Yours. She persevered. And however much the silent Moon might daily sadden her, she was daily made happy by the noisy children You and Scott had given her. The first, the boy, had been conceived the day of her cure; the second, the girl, during one of many dear moments a year and a half later. Such a madness You ask of us, to collaborate in creating human beings! Of course the two children were named Zebediah and Joanna. After Scott’s death, Helen withdrew from being an Astronaut’s Wife, returned to the home of her parents, took on a part-time clerical job (to supplement the largesse from NASA), and raised her little ones. She pinned their diapers, tied their shoes, and sang them songs her mother had sung. She would tell them about herself and their father, about what You had given and taken away; and never would she despair.
Let us make man in our image. So You said at the start. That “us” bemuses many. To whom were You speaking? Other gods? Yourself — royally? — in Three? I think You were addressing Creation, declaiming to every star and fish: Pay heed, everyone, to the wonder I give you next.
Author’s Notes
Of the details and facts that I used for invention, most were scavenged from websites and library books whose identities I never tracked.
I can, however, cite three specific sources.
For life in the 1850s, I relied on the diary of Samuel James Reader, courtesy of the Kansas Historical Society.
For life in the 1950s, I relied on the memories of my parents.
For my allusions to Gilgamesh, I relied on the version by David Ferry, published by Farrar, Straus & Giroux, copyright 1992.
