





DISCURSIVE  MEDIA
PUBLISHED BY ARCANA  PRESS,  A subsidiary of Discursive Media
Portions of this book previously appeared in a slightly different form in Inhertiance: And Other Stories, published by Outskirts Press.
This novel is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
Cover Design by Jericho Elijah Phire 
Copyright © 2014 Jarod Powell.  All rights reserved. Printed in the United States of America November 2014 eBook edition 







Other Books by Jarod Powell
Inheritance and Other Stories
Poor Man’s Imaginary Friend








For Jericho
MEET ERIC REDMOND. HE LIKES THE NIGHT TIME.   
In the dumbness of night, I have visions you would refuse to understand.
In the night, most normal people choose to stifle the process of inward contemplation with sleep.  
It is possible for inward contemplation to transform into theater, if you’re willing to stay awake to see it, and if you’re willing to work for it. Dummies come out at night. 
Sleep feels good. It allows you to turn to plastic for a few hours. The compartments of your brain meld together. Then the REM’s wet your eyes, all the way to the core. The natural lumps of the body are hidden, sealed, sterilized, dolly smooth. Nothing leaves or enters your mouth or genitals, or at least you’re unaware of nocturnal emissions or drool or if you piss the sheets. But nothing can enter -- the sheets build an illusion that tells you this. 
In reality, anyone can enter your room and do whatever they wish with your body. The sheets themselves seem almost like pagan superstition, like throwing salt over your shoulder. As thrown salt creates nothing but a fine mess, bed sheets serve nothing outside the guise of keeping you warm.
Have you ever woken in the middle of the night and gazed at your sleeping partner, buried in lush sheets? They’re covered in stagnant sweat. They aren’t really plastic, and they aren’t really dead. But the false security of a body shielded by fabric, is powerful enough to stop time for eight hours a night. Ludicrous. 
And my bed is bare. I’m not kidding; there is nothing on it. My bed sheets lay folded neatly in my closet with a ratty hunk of a comforter on top. 
It’s held neatly together by a carton of cigarettes on one side and the Buddha statue I inherited from my dead cousin on the other—an ideal set of bookends, should I ever decide to buy any books.
My bed is bare because I do not enjoy sleep. In fact I despise and resist it. Those kids that go around bragging about never sleeping: “Dude, I haven’t slept in like such-and-such days!”--It’s as if they are saying, Hey, I am tough. I study hard, I party hard, I fuck hard; I am hard. It’s projection, an artificial identity meant to add callousness to the sensitive child’s skin, without doing any of the labor it takes.
I only sleep when my body requires me to. When my heart rate responds wildly to nothing and my eyes start to cross, I know it is time.  I have failed to heed those signs before, and I started talking to my brother, who is of course dead, and to friends from school like Daryl, who is only a vision and not physically present in my room. I know a hallucination when I see one, but only in hindsight. At the time, these friends and lovers are real.
In general, I am not so far gone that I do not recognize when visions are mere visions, but it is a special kind of buzz to blur the line between hallucination and regular REM cycles. 
I would not be honest with you to say that in this daily war against sleep, I am never relieved to surrender.  To give in to sleep at the crucial last minute before brain damage, makes me feel as if I have earned it.  A willful insomniac hardly cares about brain damage or the future, only principle, and my principle is that sleep is a waste of our precious time on Earth. Staying awake does not indicate a self-absorbed attitude. In fact, it is a virtuous act.
As the Sun goes down I prepare myself with whatever goodies I bought from Daryl McAdams, my friend and supplier and other brother. 
Smoking it is a sort of preparation for battle, and it feels like hard training. The act can be laborious. 
It has a dead body stench and it burns like fire going down. The stench and pain are striking and it excites me to think about. I turn on my ceiling fan and open my window. I put my box fan in there and stuff the surrounding space with my pillows.
Though nothing can mask the smell of it completely, I sit in front of the window fan and blow the smoke into a paper towel roll with a filter of fabric softener sheets. I later blame the smell on gas when my mother asks. 
She knows. All she has to do is ask. 
The drug takes a minute or two to take over. Sometimes less.
It is a crude rush of euphoria. There is nothing clean about it. My brain clunks around in my head and I must remember not to scratch because there is nothing actually on my skin. I usually do a pretty good job of it because a good complexion is important to hiding something that, in a town of meth heads, is so easily brought into the light.
Daryl says that when I am geared up, I am a soothsayer, as if I belong around a campfire telling the stories I like to tell about people we know. He’s joking though. I tend to believe it.
I bought Tarot cards a long time ago. I don’t know if they work, but I know I don’t need them.  I tell your future, because even a dummy knows that there is no such thing as a happy ending. 
My visions aren’t anything special. They’re nothing you couldn’t conjure if you tried. But you dummies need people like me—weirdoes, druggies, lost causes, to prophesize things that are clearly in front of you. That’s what religion is all about. But this is free of charge. Just listen.
I know that by the end of the year, the trees will be naked and houses will be crushed. Wal-Mart parking lots will be empty for the first and last time.  There will be a lot of dead teenagers.  In the next few years, Missouri will be a less lame version of The Hunger Games. I know this. The town’s people can’t say I didn’t warn them. They laugh at me and they doubt me, and forgive me but they deserve to die for being so stupid.
This town is a scale model of the earth. There are people that control. There are people who do what they are told. There are people who are slowly poisoned, and their brains drained so much, that if they knew they wouldn’t care. There are mouthpieces that follow the program closer than anybody else, and then there is me, the town’s resident troubled youth meth monster, who is made crazy by being awake.
Avoiding romantic fantasy, I sculpt worlds that do not end well.  Without exception, the empires I build and the people that inhabit them perish, no more spectacularly than in real life.  When the endings to my stories illicit laughs, it is because the familiarity of them make the audience uncomfortable and the ending kills them off. Laughing is a comfort, the same way that success is said to be the best revenge. Take away a person’s success, and suicide becomes the only option for a great many people. 
I write down everything.  I hand-write what feels right, and I type what is important. Written record is a powerful, extremely versatile tool.  I once slipped one of my stories into a girl’s locker. She had a hot body, but an ass face. She was enough.
I was in shallow lust with her, nothing more, and she seemed to have deep contempt for me.  Anger will make horniness harsher, and it got to the point that I decided, evidence be damned, that I would fuck this girl, she would want to be fucked, and that this was the only way to start the process.
In the story, her eating disorder (which was in the form of a teenage witch named Paraclyn who cast a spell on her), caused her to lose her beauty—her hair, her teeth, her skin—deteriorated beyond repair.  In her new, ugly incarnation, she was forced to confront the boy who had been pursuing her for so long. It would be up to him whether she gained back her old life, or would spend the rest of her days as a concubine for the boy.
It did not take long for the story to be traced back to me, as my status as a weird kid left few other culprits to consider.  The school security guard escorted this girl for the rest of the day until I promised to see the counselor when I got back from suspension.
From that point on, the stories became literal and private. I keep them in my Tweak Book and they’ll be put in a time capsule when I turn eighteen.  I’m not joking.
The two parts of the book that really count are the words and the worlds behind the words. While the Mayan calendar mapped the world to its end, the Eric calendar maps the town to its end. Unlike the Mayan calendar, The Eric Calendar will not fail.
Hawthorn, Missouri is on the New Madrid Fault Line, has a climate prone to tornadoes, and enough meth labs to equal a nuclear blast should half of them explode at once.  So it’s really not a matter of predicting when it ends, it’s telling the story of how it could end. Doesn’t take a soothsayer to figure out that Hawthorn is on the brink of destruction, but it takes a total retard to overlook it. I’m pretty much the only one in town who sees it.
So, duh, the death of Hawthorn is going to come and I won’t be sad but I did warn everyone, so fuck them for thinking I was crazy. May their blood run backwards until they are eliminated.
I will do my best to describe what I mean to describe, but not everyone will get me.
If you are a happy person, don’t read any further than this.
If you can’t differentiate between heroes and villains, don’t read any further than this.
If you’re dumb, none of this will make sense to you.
But these are all people you know. So it’s up to you. Are you ready for the truth? 
I.  
THE ENCHANTING MARCIA CRUZ 
She used to sleep while awake, and passionately fantasized while she slept, dreaming of a boy. This boy didn’t exist and probably still doesn’t, but allow me to explain him.
He came to her only when she needed him.  When she cried over the diet her mother forced on her, the boy came through sheer blinds and mood lighting as if from nowhere, to touch her cheek and tell her that, no, she wasn’t fat, the Coños in the neighborhood, did she know what those chasmas did to stay skinny? They choke themselves and that diet is for satas with no gag reflex and even less discipline.  Marcia’s body was beautiful. He understood. He understood everything.  
He’d kick the faggots’ asses, they were always in the hallway talking nasty trash: Hey Marcia, put your enchilada on this right here! El Gordo! He’d tear their heads off.  He’d embarrass the crunchy slags that snicker about her like she don’t know what they’re doing, and he could shut her mother up about her weight, with just a piercing glare.  
And he was not only superstrong and superbrilliant, he was supernatural.  Strands of his DNA, if you could picture such a thing, were gold-plated.  If you were to look at his cells under a microscope, they’d be sparkly little blobs.  He was not a mortal completely but some kind of kin of the Archangel, but instead of visiting death, he’d heal people of their ugliness, of their illness; everyone was beautiful in his presence.  
And, yes, if someone needed to die, they would die because some people are not capable of love or of optimism or to stand up for themselves in their lives and would prefer death, and also would benefit from it.  This boy could do anything to anyone and it would be the correct decision because he has God’s blood running through his veins. And being related to God in this way, he could read what’s on your mind and tell how far down your rot goes.  Some people are rotten all the way down to the core and this recognition would not go unnoticed, and does not by her, but in his slice of infinite wisdom, this would not embitter her dream boy.  
His tongue would be strong as shoe leather, but sweet like bubblegum because he only chewed the flavor she liked and brushed his teeth regularly. Skin paper-white, so when he was on top of her, she’d look like the roast beef, he the Wonderbread.  His body didn’t have any particular shape or tone, maybe because she don’t care about that, but his brain was perfection.  
It was all she thought about, night after night, and then she found him.
But first she found a morose tub of rat shit by the name of Christopher Schwan (not Chris, he hated that).  All that stuff I said about her dream boy – he was none of that.  Fat and sweaty, zitted and pock marked with crooked teeth, and the dullest patch of Norwegian tree moss she ever met.  What he was, however, was there.  
He was the paperboy for Marcia’s little area for about two weeks.  He’d ride by her house and try to escape as quickly as he could when he saw her. When he threw the paper through the early morning darkness one morning, she yelled. “Ow, you asshole! You hit me with the fucking paper you fairy!”  He had no choice but to brake his rusty Celebrity. He walked over carefully as she cried out in phony agony, holding her face.
“Are you okay?” He asked at arms-length.
“Do I look like I’m okay, or do I look like I’m in a whole lot of fucking pain right now?”
“Kinda like the second one.”
“No duh.”
She’ll tell you, she don’t know why she did that.  Sometimes you get so bored you can’t sleep, and fate brings you to your front porch at five A.M. to smoke a cigarette you stole out of your mom’s secret “stress pile” and, in that insurmountable boredom, you want to torture an ugly paperboy because he’s right in front of your face and impulses happen.  Home school can really dement a young girl’s mind.  He was nice to her and she was horny so she gave it up to him.  Or at least, she tried to.  He was fragile and scared of her pussy and that made her feel powerful. In the back seat of Christopher Swan’s Celebrity, she said to him in a goofy tone of voice, “Touch it, it’s magic.”  He touched it and started to cry.  She rolled her eyes and pushed his index finger into the proper hole but that only made it worse.
“Why the fuck are you crying?” Was all she could say.
“I don’t know,” he sobbed.
“Well, stop it!”
“I can’t! I have to go home.”
She threw his right hand back to him, and started to clobber him – slapping, scratching. “You stupid fuck! I knew you were gay! You dumb gringo! Fuck you!”
He kicked her out of the car and sped off.
Usually Marcia Cruz is shy around boys and the fact that Christopher was actually scared of her, first personally, then sexually, turned her into a beast.  
She could see his point, though.  She did force his hand down there, practically forced him to be there as a time-killer for her.  They didn’t like each other, or know each other, really, but neither of them seemed to have any other friends.
After their encounter, she walked home and crawled into bed.  Finishing the job was unnecessary. The satisfaction was short-lived, though. She woke up to two very angry parents and a trip to a session with the priest.  According to her parents – two old people she secretly despised, she began acting out. They converted to a more ‘cause-and-effect’ based denomination. 
Catholic rituals were useless to a rebellious pre-teen, and confession booths a joke. And now here they are, members of the creepiest little church in the rainiest little town, where all the people that smoke methamphetamine and burn cats alive for fun on Sunday afternoons, go to church on Sunday mornings. 
The building that housed the congregation of Hawthorn Baptist Church was about to cave in.  The giant cross, meant to tower and intimidate people into coming inside, leaned to the right and the mood lamps inside of it were either dim or burnt out.  If the Bates Motel were a church, it would look a lot like this one.
Church for Marcia was just as bad as high school.  She still had that feeling of dread walking down the aisle searching for a place to sit, as she did walking down the center of the school cafeteria.  The only brown bitch in the room and no one wanted to be near that.  Least of all, the white, big-tittied virgin whores she despised but envied, you know how that goes.
She finds a seat one row in front of Vanessa and Janessa, who are not related but have obnoxiously similar names. As she plops down on the wooden pew, making a cracking sound, Janessa makes a raspberry with her tongue and Vanessa whispers with a hard tongue, “bean fart”. The girls giggle and Janessa says, “lay off the breakfast burritos, Mar-see-ya.”  She envisions the day she can turn around and choke those two skanks in front of everyone.  
That day will come, she decided, but she may as well let it build. When she gets a hold of those bitches’ lily necks, she will kill them. Trust this. Marcia Cruz has rage and she will make it count for something.
Her group of gawky girlfriends, Patty, Laurie and Julia, did not share her taste for revenge.
“Just let it go, they’re stupid.”
“Yeah, having herpes is punishment enough.”
“How much do you have to hate yourself to go out with a guy who date rapes you every Saturday?”
Going with the most obvious solution first, she searched geocities message boards at the school library for spells to cast on the whorific duo.  One involved olive oil, vinegar, a bath tub, and a piece of marble. She was supposed to step on the marble with a bare right foot and chant: “You, so precious to so many, you, so wrapped in vanity. I bind you from doing harm to others, lest harm comes to thee.” Another’s instructions were to write the bullies’ names on a piece of rice paper, fold it into a tiny square, and put the paper in a freezer. 
None of that shit worked. Sunday after Wednesday, Wednesday after Sunday, she saw Vanessa and Janessa at Hawthorn Baptist Church, a cruel kick to the gut after being ignored by them at school.  On Sundays, they had to be quiet, but Wednesday evenings were intended as social gatherings, with Bible study and fellowship the central part of the service.  It was the same.  They go into the sanctuary and they sit far apart from each other, parallel to the magenta stained-glass windows and they listen to Queen Frostyhair speak to them like little cute-but-singed stuffed animals, as if obligated by a child to acknowledge them as real humans. Sunday, Wednesday, all the same, a sermon they didn’t listen to.
Marcia kept quiet, even when called on, while Vanessa and Janessa passed notes and whispered about her. But it was a Wednesday evening that Marcia’s dream boy came into the light.
This Wednesday evening was different because it was decorated in Dollar Store streamers and ink-jet “Happy Birthday!!!!” signs.  Juan, her flamboyant brother in New York, must see this fucking place, she thought.
The children piled in, sweaty from outside and kind of stinky. Trailing behind them was Daryl McAdams, a boy Marcia had known and loved since she was in the sixth grade. 
He was wearing sunglasses inside and had a pout that she couldn’t tell if it was on purpose or not. He’s the sort of boy who could get away with such nonsense, somehow, and not look ridiculous. He was the sort of boy who had no future but knew exactly what he was doing.
Then, the plot thickened when Queen Frostyhair raised her right hand to silence the crowd, and said this:
“Okay, as you know, it’s Daryl’s birthday this week. Cake and punch downstairs.”
The kids waited for Queen Frostyhair to sit down, and as soon as her backside hit the pew, they jumped up and stampeded to the stair case, ignoring the pleas to slow down, don’t run in the sanctuary, don’t rush downstairs and hurt yourselves.
Marcia shambled down the stairs next to Janessa, who ignored her presence. Her perfume flooded the stairwell, and it would have been sweet to your average dirty old man with no taste. To Marcia, it was nauseating, like lavender and White Diamonds.  Janessa’s breasts jiggled a little and it made her want to cover her stomach, which also jiggled. Marcia watched her posture, never slouching for a minute. She truly hated her. 
Marcia tried to imagine her as a forty year-old housewife, with a paunch of flesh above her crotch from having a few kids and a pound of makeup, sideburns of orange makeup-line.
Daryl McAdams sat at a lonely table, flicking a lighter, fixated on it. He didn’t look sad or vacant. Rather, he looked like he was focusing on the flame, trying to decide how to nurse it brighter.  His sunken eyes looked down at the lighter and his other hand, bony and masculine, cradled the flame.  
As the kids forked off around the cluster of tables, his eyes caught Marcia staring. He smiled, and she reflexively turned away, embarrassed.  When Marcia looked at him again, he made eye contact for a second and looked elsewhere, trying to avoid another awkward exchange.  Janessa sat directly across from him. “Hey, Daryl,” she said, poking her nipples upward.  Daryl seemed to take in the sight of two adorable breasts and moved his eyes quickly to her face and smiled disingenuously. 
Marcia got brave all of a sudden. She sat next to Janessa, and that seemed to surprise Daryl.  
“How’ s it going, you two?” Daryl said, looking at Marcia.
“I’m fine,” Janessa said, giving Marcia the sideways stink-eye.  Daryl ignored her.
“And you? How are you, Miss?” He said to Marcia, grinning widely.
“Happy Birthday,” was all she could manage.  
“Why, thank you.”
Daryl leaned back and took a swig of whatever was in his red cup, his black t-shirt riding up over his biceps.  “Killer party, huh?”  Still looking at her. “A real hoot and a holler.”
Marcia chuckled. She started to open her mouth to speak, but was cut off by Queen Frostyhair starting everyone off to her vibrato-filled rendition of ‘Happy Birthday’.  Daryl looked up to Heaven in horror.  Marcia held back laughter as Queen placed the cake in front of him.  
“Make a wish,” she said.
“Okie doke.” He blew out the candles and his breath moved Marcia’s bangs. 
The sound of tens of Baptist children running around, screaming and by-word cursing in Southern accents seemed to irritate Daryl as much as it did Marcia, even though he had one of the thickest drawls she’d ever heard.  
He also had a thousand-yard stare.  When Charles Donovan, the meanest little bastard in the second grade, accidentally kicked Daryl’s sneaker on his way to the throat of a classmate, Daryl’s glare made him stop and apologize.
“Watch it,” Daryl said softly but sternly.
“Sorry.”
“Yeah.” Daryl turned around towards Marcia. He jerked his head toward the door, as if to motion her outside, and left the basement, attracting the attention of more than a few church deacons.  His scent lingered there, beckoning her outside, telling her that she should follow him. Janessa’s hard, envious stare barely burned her scalp as she left, as the anticipation in her tummy felt too intense to notice anything else.
As she slumped up the stairs from the basement entrance, Daryl was standing about ten feet to the right, staring up at the weird green sky, barely tending to the cigarette hanging from his mouth.  He looked like he was in a trance.  Marcia stood next to him and tried to see what he saw. She wasn’t sure what he saw.  He took the cigarette from his mouth and offered it to her.  She didn’t know if she should take it or not.  He seemed halfway offended.
“What?” He asked, almost defensive. “I didn’t nigger-lip it.”  His use of the word surprised her, but stunned by the attention he paid to her, she avoided getting outwardly offended.  He slapped his forehead. “Aw, I’m sorry. My dad uses that word a lot. Just kinda slipped out. Didn’t mean it.”
“No, it’s okay,” she said. “It’s just that…I don’t smoke.”
“That’s good,” he said, chuckling. “Shouldn’t start, neither.”  He reverted his eyes back to the sky, and he looked like he was starting to say something, when she gently pulled the cigarette out of his hand and took a drag. Menthol. The brushfire feeling of it infiltrating her chest, her lungs, her throat, the fact that it was Daryl’s…She hacked suddenly.
“I can tell you’re not a smoker. Gimme that back, girl.” His wide smile showed a mouthful of perfect, square teeth. “You look familiar. What’s your name?”
“Marcia.”
“Pretty. How do you spell that?”
“Like Marcia Brady. But you pronounce it like Mar-See-Ya.”
“Mar-See-Ya,” He courteously repeated. “I like it.”
“Thanks.”
“You’re welcome.”
He stared off at whatever for a second, and then started walking away from the church. She asked him where he was going, and he spun around and looked at her like she had asked a stupid question. “I’m going home!” He grinned. “I’d offer you a ride, but well, I have Scoliosis.” She chuckled.
“But it’s your party!” Marcia called out.  A fast walker, he was already off into the darkness.  
HIGH SPEED CHICKEN FEED
Every day before school, I go through Daddy Redmond’s chicken houses and pick up the dead. He pays me five dollars an hour. By this time it’s really late at night to me but it’s early morning to most. I hate doing it because I have to wear a dumb-looking mask that looks like a gas mask and sometimes the chickens have been dead for a while and overlooked and the smell creeps in the sides of mask and I want to puke.
I enter the first house, wearing a pair of overalls and rubber boots, holding a sturdy metal wire with a handle on it—they call it a chicken hook. I bang and clang around on everything to scare the chickens away, hoping with dread to find one that has died. They die of various things; heart attacks mostly.
The dead are sparse. Out of twenty thousand some-odd birds, you may find ten that have died per day. But the whole barn smells like death.
Sometimes I bring my old Walkman with me, but I keep it hidden deep in my overall pocket because the air is thick with dust and ammonia and feathers and a few hours of exposure could ruin it.
Yesterday, my foot was caught on a water line. My feet are always caught on things; it seems the world is in my way. 
Anyway, my cranium crashed into the body of a particularly obese chicken. Maybe six pounds. Maybe more. The chicken squawked in pain and that’s the last sound I remember hearing in this dimension. 
Everything went quiet.
My body was below me, and I felt discombobulated like my head had been knocked off. That chicken towered over me. He shook his head, red tissue swinging off his chin. 
You disgust me, his look said. So cavalier and cruel, and so hungry and animated at dinnertime. You eat me at dinner. And you don’t even understand what you’re eating.
I ought to puke my hormone-corn all over you.
I ought to take your hook and lop your head off.
I ought to peck your eyes out and turn them on you to see how pathetic it is that I have the upper hand right now.
I ought to pluck your pubes out of your body, one by one.
I ought to skin you alive.
MEET HAWTHORN BAPTIST CHURCH
Source: manchildnewyork.com
 Westboro Gives Birth to Even Weirder Bastard Church
The Westboro Baptist Church has some competition. Or maybe they’ve created a monster. Hawthorn Baptist Church, established in 1977 but recently reinvented by former music industry executive Harold Redmond, has a less defined philosophy than Westboro’s “God Hates America.” Redmond’s philosophy is more “God Loves A Good Protest.”
Led by Redmond--who is former Vice President of Eye of the Needle Entertainment in Nashville--since 2008, the church is growing in size. Shortly after Redmond started his pastoral career, he reached out to Westboro Baptist Church, and briefly began protesting alongside the church--on Wednesday, they aimed to cause some trouble at a Lady GaGa concert in St. Louis. It’s unclear how many Hawthorn members attended. It’s also unclear if Redmond has protested at military funerals, the type of protests that made Westboro so infamous. Redmond, after a backlash from his congregation, claims he didn’t; Westboro claims he did.
It is partly Redmond’s association with WBC that has earned Hawthorn Baptist Church so much attention. But it seemed, for a while, that Redmond was unprepared for the attention he has received. He has discouraged internet use among his congregation, and the church distributes monthly newsletters warning parents of the dangers of Hollywood influence, often accusing celebrities of secret Satanism and homosexuality, including Hawthorn native Brandon Bennett. The pamphlets are written and designed tabloid-style, and they often have salacious headlines with offensive, homophobic language. If the WBC published a tabloid, it would look a lot like Hawthorn’s monthly newsletter.
Unlike the Westboro Baptist Church, America still doesn’t know what to make of Hawthorn Baptist Church. Hawthorn, at this point, seems more like a self-contained town rather than a church inside of a town. Their protests are no less spirited, but seem aimed at a more mainstream audience. Post-Lady GaGa, there have been protests at local businesses run by open homosexuals, Springfield’s Missouri State University, and, interestingly, in lieu of protests of military funerals, they have picketed outside the National Guard for their perceived pro-homosexual policies. Though inflammatory and controversial, Hawthorn Baptist Church toes the line behind WBC’s universal maligning by following a simple rule of not offending funeral mourners. America’s okay with moralist doomsaying, just not when you’re fucking with our best and brightest, and especially not when they’ve died in battle.
So what’s the deal here? Is this a plot by Westboro to creep into mainstream acceptance? No fucking way, says Shirley Phelps, WBC’s spokeswoman. “Those signs you see? Those signs you see that you spit on, they mean something,” Phelps told us. “Your flag and your money are things that you worship. You also worship the dead. Your flag and your money will be taken away from you, just as the dead have been. Harold Redmond worships money, and is unwilling to publicly spit on the American flag for fear of retribution. But money is his goal. His unwillingness to walk the walk makes him a fag-enabler. He is an abomination, just as you are an abomination.” Thanks, Shirley. Pleasure as always.
Hawthorn Baptist Church may make a lot of money, and they may eventually “sell out” like a crossover pop star, becoming a mega-church and gaining acceptance alongside elderly hate-monger Pat Robertson, and that weird woman on TCT with tall, pink hair.
But like most religious cons and cults, the more likely option is that it will eventually self-destruct. It’s unclear what the goal of HBC is, but it’s most certainly not spreading the word of Jesus. The 24-hour news channels are salivating over HBC at this moment, and it will be interesting to see how the reclusive Harold Redmond deals with the exposure. If there’s anything capable of destruction of a human entity, it’s nonstop television coverage. It will be fascinating to watch it unfold.

THE BALLAD OF MAR-SEE-YA, PART ONE
They came here from the Communist shit hole of Cuba—Or at least her parents did.  She comes from the Nouveau Riche crater of St. Petersburg, Florida.  She actually prefers St. Petersburg. Not that she wasn’t happy to leave.  Her behavior required nothing short of moving, apparently, but I think her parents are only punishing themselves by moving here.  She will adapt, but they won’t.  They are far too old, far too elitist, far too stupid, far too brown.
This town sucks for sure, but at least it’s quiet. She can sleep in a cocoon of homework and television, a new privilege she’s just not used to yet.  She never grew the legs for softball or the tits for cheerleading and in the openness of a field such as this town, there is nothing but space for thinking and sleeping. Possibly going insane in the quiet of a church sanctuary, all of them solemn and lonely like funeral parlors.
She stares up at the evergreen steeple, envisioning it getting sucked up into a cloud. This church looks near-death.  It sits on the brim of a collapse and even the pigeons seem to feel unsafe standing on the gutters for more than a few seconds.  If she had wings she’d fly the fuck out.  The sky matched the color of the once-copper steeple, and her mother wondered aloud, as she exited the SUV, what that meant for the weather.
Marcia shoves her bulky glasses up towards her eyebrows and looks up, pretending to care.  “Looks cold,” She says.  Both of her parents, in unison, shoot her an impatient glance. 
Her mother gently shoves the small of her back to guide her toward the sanctuary door.  Janessa and Vanessa, two skinny white bitches from school who hate Marcia, smile at her as she pretends not to notice.
“Marcia,” her mother snapped. “Those girls are smiling at you. Say hi or something. Be polite.”
She finally makes dreadful eye contact with the two cunts and creaks out a grin.  They look at her with ridicule, a dare to engage them. They’re making fun of her and all of them know it. Marcia, a chubby, and up until this point, home schooled Cuban dork with a thick accent. They, Goddesses with big tits and loose hips that gleefully sink ships.
“Hello.”
“Hi Marcia,” Janessa let out in a chuckle. “Hello, Mrs. Cruz.”
“Hello, young lady.” Her mother’s accent was thicker than Marcia’s. It embarrassed her deeply.
“Hello, Mr. Cruz,” Marissa said seductively. My father glared at her coldly. “Hello, Misses,” he said firmly, as they marched into the sanctuary.  Marcia is pretty sure she heard Marissa say something about her father’s cock being big because he’s Cuban and the two cunt twins bursting into laughter, but she figured it was probably just her being paranoid.  Marcia’s father seemed to have heard something similarly inappropriate because he looked at her reflexively.
“Do you know those girls?” Her mother asked.
“Not really,” Marcia said flatly.
Her father said nothing.
The sanctuary walls were covered with particle board from the seventies and the blue-green shag carpet was something her brother Juan would adore as ‘kitschy and campy’.  There were a lot of kids running around, a few years younger than Marcia, and their dads were in overalls and some in sweat pants, most of the moms had frosted hair and be-jeweled sweaters.  Juan would have a field day. 
The woman with the frostiest hair of all stood up and stuck her hand halfway up, and all of the kids entered a trance and sat down and shut up. She smiled.
As she lectured and preached, Marcia kept the corner of her eyes on her parents, seated to her left and right. She wanted to get a feel of what they thought of this place, and more importantly, a female preacher.  From what I understood about the Baptist faith, female preachers were discouraged, and from what I knew about Catholicism, female priests didn’t exist.  
Vanessa and Janessa were seated four empty pews behind her, whispering and giggling.  Marcia automatically imagined that she was the object of their ridicule, though she couldn’t hear what they were saying.  Marcia kept waiting for Reverend Queen Frostyhair to conspicuously clear her throat to get them to shut up, but she ignored them.
On the drive back, Marcia kept waiting for some conversation between her parents that indicated whether this was the church for them, but they were silent.  The only time anyone said anything was when Marcia stuck her head out the window. “Marcia, the heat is on!”  She rolled up the window, and Marcia heard her father lock it from the driver’s seat.
That night, she went to dreamless sleep and the alarm clock failed to wake her.
The SUV smelled of the casserole Marcia’s mother brought to church that night and it occurred to her that she hadn’t eaten breakfast, for which she imagined would her growling stomach would humiliate her during her second period class.
The sun was out in full force, and the muggy atmosphere made Marcia sweat her makeup off.  Her mother, ahead of her on our way to the car, turned around and looked at her like a swamp creature and used a Kleenex to wipe her brow affectionately. “Oh, Marcia! Your Cuban blood hasn’t taken a hold of you yet.”  
She envied the looks of even her mother, in a slim-fitted pantsuit, on her way to sell houses worth half their old house in Florida. She was able to make fast friends in this town but she was a bit icy. Beautiful, but with a scowl that was probably alluring twenty years ago.
When they arrived at school, the rush of well-groomed kids walking toward the main entrance made Marcia want to vomit.  She should have worn more makeup and she should have worn a blouse that her tits would poke out of while making her gut fade into her hip-huggers.  I don’t think such a blouse exists.  Marcia got out of the SUV lightly as she could, almost tip-toeing, she don’t know why. Maybe she thought no one would notice her that way.  Her mother obviously did. 
She’d carry that look of disgust with her to dinner.  Her plate had exactly 6 ounces of pork, a cup and a half of green beans, and conspicuously missing was Texas toast.  Her mother and father had twice as much meat on their plates, and half as many greens.
You’d think that this quietly-insulting ritual would make Marcia go to sleep at night with a mouthful of half-chewed Ding Dongs, washed down with her dad’s bourbon and her own tears, but eventually you grow accustomed to it. It gets comfortable, actually.  You rely on the fact that you’re aesthetically disgusting, embellish it in your own mind, imagine yourself as an obese swamp creature, wear it like a Girl Scout badge.  Saves a lot of social effort.
At dinner they’d ask how school is going, not really expecting an answer.  Marcia’s mom would perk up briefly when she’d ask her about boys while dad groaned. Her dad would suggest She bring food over for the neighbor, an old shut in who was related to Marcia’s awful history teacher, Mrs. Danforth. By now, she learned to have dinner conversations with her head down because it is impossible to see a bowing person’s eyes roll.
“Have you ever seen Mrs. Danforth?” Marcia was eager to change the subject.
“Yes, she’s a very nice lady.”
“No, I mean, have you looked at her?”
“Not really, I don’t know. Why, Marcia?”
“She doesn’t have any eyebrows.”
“What?”
“No eyebrows. I think she might wear a wig too.  Very pale.”
“Yes, I heard she might have cancer or something. It’s not nice to scrutinize an old woman’s looks.”
This is how their weeks would go at home, and then they go back to church, with the two slutty gringos and old ladies with frosty hair and a bunch of people in sweat pants.
It was the same.  They go into the sanctuary and sit far apart from each other, parallel to the magenta stained-glass windows and they listen to Queen Frostyhair speak to them like little cute-but-singed stuffed animals, as if obligated by a child to acknowledge us as real humans. Sunday, Wednesday, all the same, a sermon she didn’t listen to.
 
TELLING TIME 

 “Sam,” Jenny called him from the other side of their bed. He barely heard her. 
“Yeah, Honey,” he slurred. 
“Are you asleep?” She asked timidly, through the black of the room. 
“Not yet,” he lied. 
“Let’s talk.” 
“Okay.” 
“What should I know before she comes? You’ve barely mentioned it. I feel like this is a bigger deal than you’re letting on.” There was an uncharacteristic quiver in her voice. The drunkenness of semi-sleep, she must have figured, would be the best time to ask, relying on the weak defenses of the bleary. And on the eve of a visit from his mom, she must have thought, or hoped, he’d be eager to cry on a shoulder. Weird timing, but he could tell he wasn’t sleeping until it was settled. So he huffed and sat up. 
“You know about as much about her as I do,” he said. This was untrue. 
“Yeah,” she said, unsure of how many more questions would still be appropriate at this hour. Her eyes were heavy, but she was forcing them open. 
“I don’t think I could forgive my mom for leaving, if I were you,” she said, stealthily prodding. 
“Can we talk about this some other time?”
“Sure,” she said, “as long as you promise that we will talk about it.” 
“Why?” 
“Because you need to.” 
“Okay,” he said, defeated. “Goodnight.” 
“’Night.” 
He had barely gotten the door open. Not even enough time to exhale properly. 
“Look at how skinny you’ve gotten!” She was perched on the love seat, avocado-slacked legs crossed, long red fingernails serving as a makeshift cigarette holder. 
“Hey...Hey, Wilma,” he said. She approached him with a steady stroll and careful observation. She suddenly latched onto his torso with a clumsy tightness. 
“You need to eat, Honey!” She loosened her grip so she could make eye contact. 
“He’s been working outside this Summer,” Jenny said, in line behind mom. “He’s just more toned.” 
“Aw, he’s never eaten properly a day in his life!” Mom scoffed. 
“You’ve got to baby him,” she instructed. “You don’t put good food right in front of his face, he don’t eat.” 
He sometimes got the impression that Mom only said certain things because she heard television 
moms say them, so that must be what moms are supposed to say. She stroked his face with her empty hand and kissed him on the cheek. Jenny crept between them and kissed him on the mouth. 
“All he does is eat,” Jenny said, nervously laughing her off as she ambled back to her seat. 
“That reminds me!” Mom said excitedly, reaching behind her to crush her cigarette out. “I’ve got these coupons! Let’s go to Ruby Tuesday’s right now! My treat.” She reached into her purse and then waved her coupons for a second like party streamers, dashing to the front door. 
“Come on, Y’all!” She whined, looking back at them. “I’m serious! Get in the van.” 
Based on little available comparison, Mom’s acting peculiar. 
About five months before Sam turned eighteen, Mom searched him out as part of her 12-step program. He’s actually known her a lot longer. 
He came out of his dealer’s house in a neighborhood everybody calls Sunset one day, and she was pacing the sidewalk in an oversized army surplus jacket. 
“Hey man, wanna Rolex on the cheap? I’ve got Bulova here too,” She chattered, jerking her left arm, which was strapped with watches, into the air. Her deteriorated teeth were chomping like it was freezing, and she had some bald spots on her scalp. “Real cheap,” she repeated.
“No,” he said. 
“C’mon man! What’s the matter, you don’t know how to tell time?” She squalled with a twisted grin. “Twenty for the Rolex, Thirty for the Bulova. Real cheap.” 
He kept walking, making sure his eyes stayed on his truck, which was parked on the opposite side of the street. She followed him clear into the street. 
“What about head, Man,” she said, lowering her voice to a gravelly, ghastly groan. “Throw in the Rolex, man,” she said, speaking quickly and getting more desperate. “Thirty bucks, man. You don’t want me, I know a girl over yonder.” 
He reached down to the front pocket of his jeans, and she seemed leery at first, unsure of what he was doing. He removed his hand from the pocket, in the shape of a fist. He removed his eye contact from the 
pickup, and towards her. He threw a quarter at her. 
“Go buy yourself some fuckin’ soap,” he said, diverting his attention away again. He got into his truck and drove past her. 
“Hey, mother fucker! I know your dealers, asshole! All of ‘em! Better keep your door locked at night, ya’ queer!” She spit at his truck as it drove off. 
“You will see me again!” He heard her screech faintly, from several blocks away.
“Bend this fuckin’ corner, again, bitch! You will see me!” 
Two months later, she showed up at his door. 
“You Samuel Kirkpatrick?” She said, one foot edged in the doorway. 
“Uh,” he hesitated. “What do you want?” 
“Are you Samuel, or not?” She growled. 
“Yeah, Lady. What do you want?” 
“Um...I’m,” she hemmed and hawed, rolling her eyes and neck around. “I’m your mother. Nice to meet you.”

She comes and visits him every so often. It was weird at first. Weirder now that Jenny’s moved in. For one thing, what is he supposed to call her? 
“Mom” seems a stretch. “Wilma” seems strange too. She is in fact his mother, but she’s also someone he’s only been acquainted with for a year and two months. For a while on her visits, she would stay for about half an hour shooting the shit. Then, she’d ask him to take her to the Cue ‘n Brew, the dive her old boyfriend Billy Joe owns, and where she can always drink for free. Then she’d leave with Billy Joe. Since Jenny’s been living there though, she plays it straight. No bars. Her “Southern” colloquialism has gotten thicker and a little hard to handle, and she has erased all profanities from her vocabulary. Sam noticed, as he was looking at her on the way to the restaurant, her appearance has even improved. Her skin’s cleared up, leaving only the aftermath of her invisible bug infestation, and her hair and teeth are bleached. She’s lost about fifteen pounds since the last time she visited. 
“Now, Jenny, what have you been up to, Gal?” 
“Oh, nothing much, really. Same old,” Jenny replied softly from the back seat, acting bored. 
“Sam, where is my grand-baby at tonight?” 
“He’s with Tammy tonight. She said she’d watch her while we went out.” 
Mom let out a sigh meant for the world to hear, and turned her head toward her passenger-side window. “Looks like it’s tryin’ to rain,” she said. 


“What are you guys orderin’?” Mom asked, her nose buried in her menu. Couldn’t even see her face. 
“I think I’m just gonna have the Cobb,” Jenny said. 
“The what, Hon?” 
“Cobb. Cobb salad.” 
“I don’t believe I know what that is,” Mom said, distant. “Where would I find it on the menu?” 
“See salads? Under that,” Jenny said it as if she were talking to a slow child. Sam thought she might try to spell it for her. 
“Thanks, Hon,” Wilma said through gritted teeth. She let out an uncomfortable, demented cackle.  “Duh!” She said through giggles.
“I think I might have the sirloin!” Sam said.

She was right. There was a bunch of rain. And sleet. And lightning, and thunder. During the drive home, every time the lightning would strike, Mom would let out a “Whoo!” and then tell us a story about when Katrina hit Mississippi, where she now lives. She claims to have helped with the clean-up, as her sponsor said it might be good for her confidence to do some good old-fashioned community service. If Sam were to tell the truth, he’d tell you that he’s not sure he’s believe it, but he just lets her go on. 
“Well, you know, the lines at the Red Cross van just went on and on!” She rambled, reminiscing. “And those colored people, Man Alive! They were the most impatient. Now, I’m not saying they didn’t have it 
rough, I remember back in the sixties, but half of those folks weren’t even born yet! Just don’t understand it. But the world buys into it! My friend Jolene said she lost her job at the factory to a Black! For no reason! Well, not for no reason. Affirmative Action. What a country!” 
“Uh-huh,” Sam said, trying not to listen. Jenny was biting through her tongue by now. When they finally got home, there was no electricity. 
“I’m gonna use your powder room, if that’s all right,“ she said, holding her purse near her breast. 
“There’s no water,” Sam said. “Power’s out.” 
“Oh, that’s okay, just need to freshen up.” 
“It’s kind of a mess in there,” Jenny piped up. 
“Oh, Hon, it’s nothing I haven’t seen before,” Mom said, sweetly. 
Jenny scowled at Sam, glaring through the corner of her eye. As soon as the bathroom door closed, she whispered harshly across the living 
room, “And just what does she mean by that?” 

	
“What is she doing in there?” Jenny asked. “She’s been in the damn bath room…Oh, beg your pardon, powder room, for twenty minutes.” 
“Be nice,” Sam gently reminded her. 
Mom finally made a loud, clumsy, dramatic exit from the bathroom, and Jenny’s face went from hostile to saccharine in a split second. Wilma’s eyes were open about a half-inch wider and she had a big, 
goofy grin and a red nose. 
“My my, the power’s still not on?” 
“Still off,” Sam said, flipping through an old issue of Bait and Tackle. 
“Oh!” Mom erupted, flailing her arms with violent animation, and holding an elated pose. Towering over the couple on the couch, she bent a few inches lower and murmured, 

“You know what we should do?” 
The two glanced blankly at each other, and then at her. 
“We should play a word game.” 
They continued to glare blankly. 
“You know! A word game. Like...Like I Spy!” 
“Wilma?” Sam lead her away from her jacked-up stream-of-consciousness very gently. “Are you okay?” 
“Yeah, Hon. Why?” 
“You seem a little,” I paused to choose the right word. “A little off, I guess.” 
“Okay, okay! Party pooper.” She sat down, contemplating something. 
She finally looked up at us with a mischievous slant in her eye. “I have a joint in my purse.” 


The smoke cleared, and they were sitting for what seemed like hours, the humidity melting their bodies into the furniture. Sam was paying attention only to the wind catcher hanging and flapping from the latch on the opened window. He didn’t want to notice anything. He was enjoying the silence while it lasted. 
“Jenny,” Wilma muttered, staring off into space. 
“Yeah, Wilma.” 
“You’ve just got to get a housekeeper,” she said, easing out of her stupor, head rolling around on her neck, observing the piles of clothes and magazines and VHS tapes on the floor. Her upper body became erect, and she started with the hand gestures again. “Billy Joe...You know Billy Joe down the road over there? He has a lady come once a week, and his house is immaculate, just immaculate! And she speaks fluent English.” She points to the East. “I’ll find out what her phone number is! It’s that Mexican family that lives right down the road...” 
“What’s wrong with the house, Wilma?” Jenny asked, obviously irritated. She directed her glare towards the ceiling in an attempt to mute her frustration. Then she closed her eyes. 
“Nothing, Hon. I was just suggesting it because the lady works for chicken feed, basically. I thought you could use the help, that’s all. New mom, everything’s crazy right now, right? I know how it is.” 
“You do?” Jenny tensed her lips into a withheld grin.
Silence. 
“We just moved. We both work,” Jenny pushed her eyelashes down hard against each other. “It won’t be like this for long.” 
“I see. I’m sorry for bringing it up,” she said, relaxing her head to the back of the chair. 
Say something. Say something. 
“You look good, Mom,” Sam chimed in frantically. “Lose any weight?” 
“A little,” she said. “No man wants too much cushion. Am I right, Jenny?” 
	Silence. 
“I’m going to bed,” Jenny said in her best impersonation of a tired person. She got up and put her hand on my thigh. “Are you coming, Sam?” He looked at his mother, who could’ve broken the Mississippi floodgates with her glare. 
“Nah, I think I’ll stay out here for a few.” 
“Suit yourself. ‘Night all.” Off she went. 
“I don’t care for her,” Wilma whispered. 
Sam laughed. “I know. You can sleep in Jake’s room if you want,” he said. “He’ll be here in the morning, and then you can meet him.” 
“No, Hon, that’s okay. I’ve got to get going. Five hours to Mississippi, and I’ve got to work tomorrow.” 
“Okay,” Sam said. “Thanks for coming by.” 
“Next time,” she said, walking towards the front door, “Keep that baby here. I’d like to see him.” 
“Sure,” Sam said. 
She blew a kiss, and made a quiet exit. Sam closed his eyes and listened to the front door clasp, that clunky van engine start, and sputter away.
 
HYPNOS

Jack woke up every morning in some sort of fog. It is apparently a myth that “special” children are sharper than your average dope. His observations moved about the room, his mind too crowded to hold much of anything. As he slept a restless sleep, thoughts projected on the back of his eyelids. He never snored. He never fluttered his eyes, they way people do. He just laid there, held captive to lucid dreams or racing thoughts that clanked together and made endless noise.
He basically had his nights alone. His mother worked nights at the Cue‘n Brew. Sometimes he imagined how she was at work. Was she just a polite woman who poured drinks and gently took tips, maneuvering around the drunk truck drivers’ come-ons? Did she dance on the table, get wild, drink with customers?
Some nights, like tonight, she stumbled in, giggling, being held up by a burly patron who kindly offered to drive her home. Then he led her to bed.
The next morning was quiet and gloomy at the breakfast table, tense for only the adults. Jack was indifferent. 
Jack’s mother was near the toaster with a box of frozen waffles, two of them ready to go, her hand on the trigger.
“Do you want waffles, Jack?”
“I guess so.”
Jack’s mother yelled across their mobile home.
“Frank, you want waffles?”
A thick, hairy mass of goofy grin wearing briefs walked groggily to the kitchen table. 	He eyed Jack, perhaps looking for some sort of approval. Jack made eye contact with him blankly.
“Uh, sure,” Frank said. He sat down next to Jack, giving him a pleading smile. As if to say: “Please don’t embarrass me in front of your mother.” Or he could have been saying, “Please don’t think of me as a potential father figure.” Jack acknowledged Frank, but paid no mind to his demeanor. His eye was on the waffle maker.
To Frank, it seemed that hours had gone by before anyone said anything. His eyes darted from the window to the wall to the table, and she slouched back in his chair. In his mind’s eye, he looked to the sealing and imagined being beamed up.  “Deer huntin’ season coming up, Jack,” Frank said as he tipped up his coffee mug. Jack blinked, arm crossed. “I don’t hunt.” Frank shuffled his feet. “Why’s that, bud?”
Thelma, Jack’s mother, interrupted. She snapped her head back from the waffle maker to the uncomfortable men at her kitchen table. “Jack, do you have Speech class today?” Jack simply nodded yes.
Thelma’s voice pitch raises, as if patronizing a child. “Okay. Can you give your teacher a note for me?” Jack’s brow furrowed a bit. “What note?” Jack asked.
Thelma smiled a tense, saccharine grin. “Just a ‘Thank You’ note for all the extra time she’s spent with you.”
Frank stared down at his plate during the conversation. Finally, he looks up, as if he just thought of something to say. “You know, Jack, I had an awful stutter when I was a young boy. You talk real good compared to…”
Jack cut him off. “I don’t stutter.
“Oh,” Frank answered, sounding defeated and bewildered. “Jack!” Thelma snapped.
Frank jumped at the opportunity to prove himself to Jack. “No, it’s okay, Thelma! I know you don’t stutter, Jack. I was just…
Jack rolled his eyes. “Going to school,” he said, completely deadpan.
“Have a good day, ‘hon,” Thelma said. “Take it easy, partner,” said Frank.
Jack ignores them, picks up his backpack, and leaves.

At the bus stop, he finds his only friends, whom he doesn’t actually care for. There’s Harris, a studios boy with the glasses to match; Petor is an aspiring bodybuilder and fitness model, aged 14. He is a diminutive pocket-sized young man. The type of boy who likes to scrap, but always loses, except when he recounts the story to his friends. The only friend of Jack’s that wasn’t completely insufferable was Santos, Marcia Cruz’s cousin. He was a quiet boy, seemingly disaffected, but nice enough to get fucked over on a regular basis.  Jack approached the boys. Santos noticed right away, and waved. Jack vaguely heard from one of the boys, “Who are you waving at, gaywad?” Petor arched his back around Santos to see who was approaching. “Hey,” he said with drawn-out vowels, in his trademark alpha male voice. “Look who it is!”  “Hey, Jack,” Harris and Santos said in unison. “Hypnos!” Petor yelped out. “Bright and early, as usual!” “Yup,” Harris said in a monotone voice. “Stay up all night gettin’ in?” Petor asked. Jack looked straight ahead. “Shut up.”
“You do look tired, bro,” Santos said, sounding concerned.  Santos was right. Jack spent the night listening to his mother and Frank having sex. At one point, Jack’s Alice and Wonderland poster – the Tim Burton version, of course – was knocked off of his thin bedroom wall. “What’s up with you?” Petor demanded.
“Nothing. Why?” Jack perked up slightly. Harris, not listening, looked at his watch. “Fuckin’ bus is late again.”
The neighborhood bus stop was on a gravel road, a County Highway. It was before a cornfield that was harvested and burned away. As Jack’s friends goofed around, Jack himself looked straight ahead. His eyes glazed over. Jack was silent, eyes gazing across the cornfield, and he saw a figure standing there. It was a boy about his age. Maybe younger. He was wearing a T-shirt his dead brother used to wear. The boy waved. Jack waved back.
Distracted by a playful punch to the arm from one of his idiot friends, when Jack turned back to greet the boy once again, he was of course vanished.

Speech therapy was always a peculiar mixed experience. Ms. Luptas had the kind of body from the MILF porn Jack sneakily watched on his iPhone after his shower. But there was also the humiliation of the incessant stuttering in front of Ms. Luptas.
She was sweet with an angelic voice and breasts to match, and Jack often had fantasies of being twenty years older, and stealing Ms. Luptas from her husband, the philandering deputy Sherriff of Hawthorn, Missouri.
Sex and humiliation had always intertwined in the drifting time-fluid consciousness of Jack. Whether he was aware of it or not, Youth was not something he considered. As far as Jack was concerned, he was the same age as Ms. Luptas, the Dalai Llama and Marilyn Monroe. Truth be told, he often felt like he transcended person-hood all together.
Ms. Luptas, who was always late, entered the room with a lively energy, as if she had just been for a brisk job. Jack liked to imagine that she was one of those busy types; the kind of lady whose time was valuable, and she thought Jack worthy of it. “Sorry I’m late!” Ms. Luptas cooed.
Jack froze. “That’s…that’s good.” His stuttering seemed flip by a switch.
“Ready to begin?” Ms. Luptas asked. Sunshine pored through her eyes. All Jack could manage was to nod his head. “How is your medication treating you? Is Doctor Ewen helpful to you?” Jack nods.
Ms. Luptas switched gears. “Let’s start with some word association. We’ll start with the easy ones, as a warm up. Then we’ll get a little more challenging.” “Okay,” Jack said. Great,” said Ms. Luptas. She then grabbed some index cards. She read from them, and spoke slowly. “A pilot drive a…” She looked up at Jack with a smile. “Plane,” Jack said. His tone could have been mistaken for a little boy’s. “Good,” Ms. Luptas said. She looked at Jack, whose gazed drifted off suddenly. “Are you okay, Jack?” Jack nodded.
Ms. Lupus saw an opportunity to probe a little more. “Are you a little nervous?” She asked, ever-so-gently.
Jack nodded again. “It’s…a…it’s a little…” Unable to get the words out, he fans his face to show what he means.
“A little warm,” Ms. Luptas finished Jack’s sentence.
“Um, no. Just… like, stuffy.”
Ms. Luptas reached behond her. She placed a red, palm-sized aluminum fan on the desk. She turned it on. “Here’s a fan for you. Do you want to take a break?” She asked.
“No, I’m fine.” Jack said. 
“Okay, let’s continue,” Ms. Luptas said.

Jack doesn’t speak very often, but over the past week, his few words were regarding his younger brother Nathan’s visit. The boys were somewhat surprised, as they had known Jack since kindergarten and had never heard of him speak of a brother, except for brother who died last year. As Harris and Jack walked home from the bus stop, Harris reached for a topic of conversation. 
“So, is your brother coming to stay with you?” He asked, in a tense tone.
Jack flinched internally. “Um…I don’t know if he’s staying with us. His dad is with him.”
“Where’s he staying?” Harris asked.
“I’m not sure. I might not even see him,” Jack said. “I think they’re staying in Springfield, or Lampe.”
“Man, I haven’t seen that motherfucker in years, dude. Wonder with he looks like now? He look like you?”
Jack looked down. “Wrong brother.”
Harris was mortified. “Oh…no, I’m sorry. It’s just that you never talk about them, I forgot…”
Jack intercepted the rambling. “Nathan. He looks like me a little. I haven’t seen him either, really. Just for a few minutes, here and there.” Harris looks at him, confused. Jack continued: “All I’ve seen are, Just, um…pictures of him on, the um…uh, computer. And sometimes I see him out, but he doesn’t really talk to me.” Their walk became dead silent for a few minutes. As soon as Harris sees Jack’s mobile home – the light at the end of this confining conversational tunnel – he tries once more.
“How’s your mom doing?” Harris asked.
Jack barely blinked. “She’s all right, I guess.” 
“She found a man yet?” Harris smirked.
Jack looked grim. “No.”
“Still on the prowl, huh?” Harris chuckled nervously. Jack stared daggers. Harris has stopped walking. “We’re here, Hypno!” Jack looked around. “Oh,” he muttered. Awkward pauses were always dips into the abyss with Jack. “Well,” Harris said, “take care man.”
Jack walked away. “Bye,” he mumbled. Harris watched him walk inside, himself in a sort of trance.

Most teenagers avoid jobs like the plague. Not Jack. His mother was never one to put her money to good use, and Jack decided at age 16 to take a job at the local 7-11, which because of its poor location, never seemed to do much business.
Jack sat behind the counter reading a book called The Herodian Messiah, which was written by a local researcher who was featured on a Discovery Channel special about the true ancestry of Jesus Christ. He took a piece of gum from a pack he stole from the store after closing it the night before.
Beep. The gas station pump. 
Jack cleared his through and gave himself of a moment of concentration, as if he were about to sing opera. In a voice perfect for radio, he said, “Pump one, you’re ready.”
Jack looked over his shoulder, sensing that someone was in the store. But there was no one. He sat back down.
Jack stretched, yawned, and sat back down. A shadow in the back of the store caught his eye. Jack walked around the store. He catches the fast-moving shadow float behind the potato chip shelf. Just a grey-black mass, wisking itself away: No sound, and almost transparent, but emanating an energy that required attention. Jack let out a shaky, “Can I help you?” Into the ether, hoping that whoever – or whatever – was in the store would reveal itself. Suddenly he heard an alto voice. “Hypno?” The voice said, an ethereal but human-esque sound. Jack turned around swiftly. It was Nathan. His skin was grey, he was glazy-eyed, and it looked like he needed a bath. “Hey, big brother,” Nathan said. 
“Hey, little brother,” Jack said with his best poker face.
“Follow me,” Nathan said playfully. He briskly walked behind the shelf, and Jack followed him. He looked up and down the short aisle, and peered around it. Nathan was not there. He became frightened.
“Nate?” He shouted.
“Nate?”

Home was both a soft place to land for Jack, but a painful place. It felt as if ghosts lingered. Jack imagined the ghosts of the trailer park’s murdered drug dealers and hookers floating from trailer to trailer, magnifying the home’s bad energy.
As Jack watched his mother asleep in the ratty recliner, he observed a military documentary playing on The History Channel. Thelma woke after a few minutes of him standing over her sleeping body, as if she noticed impending danger.
“How was work?” Thelma said, groggy.
“It was okay,” Jack said.
“School go okay?” Thelma asked, seemingly uninterested. 
“Yeah,” Jack said. “I didn’t go to history class. I had Ms. Luptas. 
Thelma’s expression hardened a bit. “Yeah, she called.” Thelma scooted over to make room for Jack. “Come sit by me.” Jack sat on the arm of the chair, but Thelma pulled him closer. “It’ll get better babe,” Thelma cooed, stroking Jack’s hair. You’ll grow out of it.”
Jack looked embarrassed. 
“Wanna watch something else?” Thelma asked. Jack was silent and sullen. “Heard from your dad?” Thelma asked, desperate to get something out of her son.
Jack, with his trademark distant look, said somewhat harshly, “I saw Nate today at work.” Thelma froze, and her eyes widened.  “You saw Nathan again?” Thelma had a look of grave concern. 
“Mmhmm.”  “You miss your brother?” Thelma asked with genuine concern in her voice.
“I don’t know,” Jack said. “You don’t know?”
“No.”
Thelma was trying to get information without seeming like an interrogator, or worse, a therapist. “You just…try no to think about him?”
Jack blinked. “Maybe. I don’t know.”
Thelma got up, and handed Jack the remote control. “Here. Why don’t you watch something else? I’ll make some popcorn.
Jack doesn’t turn the channel. Instead, he gazes at the black-and-white historical military documentary, not really watching it.
Thelma popped popcorn in the outdated microwave. Her chin trembles started small, before a cavalcade of silent weeping washed over her face. Even with her back to Jack, he knew she was crying. It didn’t occur to him, for whatever reason, to ask what was wrong. Instead, his eyes dilated, his eyes rolled back, and he fell asleep peacefully.
He awoke to a creaking bed coming from Thelma’s room. Jack walked down the hollow-walled hallway, but he inexplicably tripped. He looked back to see Nathan with his foot mischievously out. Their eyes met, and the disdain and accusatory feeling Nathan appeared to have filled the room. Thelma let out an especially offensive sexual moan, and Jack reflexively looked forward to see through the crack in Thelma’s bedroom door. He saw two men, one of which was probably Frank, having sex with Thelma in a most unconventional way. He looked back. Nathan was gone.

Petor could talk Jack into anything. So when Petor said to Jack, “Let’s go to 7-11,” Jack knew that meant a trek to find a five-finger discount. Pushing snack cakes down his pants, Petor gave Jack a stern look. “Well?” He whispered. “I can’t hold all this shit in my pockets by myself.”  
“I don’t have pockets,” Jack said. A frustrated Petor grabbed handful of processed snacks and stuck them down Jack’s pants. Jack resisted.
Officer Luptas noticed the playful scuffle, and approached the boys. Petor notices. “Oh, hey, Luptas.”  Jack muttered a half-hearted, “Hello.”
Officer Luptas glared disapprovingly. “Let’s cut the horseplay, okay?”
Jack looked down. “Yes, sir.”
After the obligatory scolding, Officer Luptas regained his friendly demeanor. “How you boys doin’?”
“We’re good,” Petor said, anxious for Luptas to leave.
“Yeah?” Luptas chuckled. “How’s your daddy doin’, Petor?”
“He’s good. Working a lot.” Petor was tapping his foot by then, which law enforcement typically recognizes as a “tell.” Luptas ignores it.
“Hey, Jack? Can I talk to you over at the table for a second?” Luptas asked with care, even a tinge of sympathy. Jack looked at Luptas nervously. Petor tried to contain his laughter, thinking Jack was probably in trouble for smuggling the packaged baked goods. 
The two make their way to a corner table, which was covered with crumbs from the fried chicken and donuts sold at the convenience store. Jack sits down, sweating a bit and folding his hands. Luptas smiled at Jack endearingly. 
“Don’t worry. You’re not in trouble.” Jack looks at Luptas, waiting for an explanation. “Okay,” he said.
“Did you see your mother last night?” Luptas asked, looking serious.
“Yeah,” Jack said.
Relief washed over Luptas. “Okay, good.” “Why?” Jack asked.
“Well, you know my wife is your speech teacher, and…uh…” Luptas shuffles his limbs, searching for the right phrasing. “This is kinda hard, knowing you and your family for so long, so I don’t want you to take offense to my offer.”  “What offer?” Jack asked, more puzzled than before. Luptas sighed, and rubbed the back of his neck, trying to prepare himself for delivering the news. “I almost had to arrest your mother last night. She got into a spat with her boyfriend…uh, this fella…”  Jack rolled his eyes. “Frank. I’m sorry.”
Luptas looks shocked at the apology. “Don’t be sorry, Jack! It’s not your fault.” Luptas leaned in closer and spoke quietly. “Anyway, this guy’s got kind of a reputation as rift-raft. I just want to make sure she made it home okay last night. And I want you to have my card...”

Luptas looked at Jack with pity, and extended his card to Jack. Jack takes it, and Luptas clasps Jack’s hand. Jack looks somewhat startled.

Luptas spoke fatherly to Jack. “It’s got my cell phone number on the back, okay?” Jack nodded. 

Luptas clasped Jack’s hand more tightly. “If you need anything at all – if you need anything at all – or if you need me to pick you up, or if you need to crash at me and my wife’s house, whatever – if anything goes wrong at home, I want you to call me. You and your mama can trust me. Okay?”

Jack was extremely uncomfortable. “Okay, Sheriff—
 “You can call me Eric.” 

“Thanks, Mister Eric.”

Later that day, Harris and Jack decided to get high at Jack’s place.

“You sure she’s cool with it?” Harris asked.

“She doesn’t care,” Jack said. 

Entering the house, Harris stops in the doorway.

“What?” Jack asked.

“Your house is a total sty, man.” Harris said with slight disgust.

“So?” Jack said.

“Where’s your hot-ass mom at?”

“Shut up!” Jack said sternly. “She’ll hear you!”
“Wake her up for me!” Harris said, gyrating his hips. “I’d fix her up real good…”

Jack punched Harris in a snap of hostility. Harris was taken back. “Ow! Out of bounds, Hypno!” He rubbed his arm.

Jack walked down the hall to Thelma’s room. It was empty. The bathroom was also empty. He looks back at Harris. “She’s not here?” He asked. He popped a smashed snacked cake into his mouth. 

“She’s not here,” Jack said.
“Want a ding-dong?” Harris asked, mouth full of imitation chocolate.
 
The next morning, the boys stood at their usual spot to catch the bus. Jack looks across the field, and sees Nathan bending over, picking dandelions, as the boys talk in the background. He sees Jack and shoots up abruptly, waving over-enthusiastically; almost like he’s doing it sarcastically. 

“Hey, big brother!” Nathan says.

Meanwhile, the boys recognize Jack’s trance. “Uh-oh, he’s at it again,” Petor says. He snaps his fingers. “One…two…three!” Jack comes back to the present. The boys laugh.
 
Jack slept alone that night. He was woken by the phone ringing. The answering machine picks up. It was Thelma, calling from where ever she may have fled.

“Jack...I love you...I’m with Frank, we took a little getaway. Don’t know when I’ll be back. Keep the house clean, and there’s cash in the top dresser drawer. Bye!”

In the fog of sleep, Jack recognized his mother’s voice, and walked over the answering machine. He tried to play back the message, but there wasn’t one. It was either erased, or part of a dream.
During Jack’s morning shower, he sang. He sang whatever came to mind: A hymn, a Taylor Swift song, whatever was in his head. He sang pitch-perfect; flawlessly. He heard a rustling. He peeked his head out of the shower curtain. Nathan sat across from him, on the closed toilet, smoking a cigarette. He lets were crossed. His foot twitched, and he looked indignant.

“You’re faking it. Why do you do it?” Nathan asked. 

Jack shut the curtain. “Do you mind?”

“You know all the words, Hypno. Maybe you should sing everything you say.”

“Don’t call me that, Nathan.” 

Jack finishes his shower. When he leaves the shower to towel off, Nathan is no longer there. There’s a knock on the door. 

Jack wraps a towel around his waist, and answers the door. It’s Officer Luptas. “Heard you singing. You were always the best little singer, back in your church days.”

“Thank you,” Jack said. “Juice?”

“That’d be real nice, thank you, Buddy.”

Jack pours a glass of juice and slides it to Luptas.

“Jack, the reason I’m here is because the tavern called the station. Your mother hasn’t shown up to work for a few days.” Luptas waited on Jack to show emotion.

“Yeah, she’s out of town with, uh…”

“Frank,” Luptas said. Jack nodded.
 “You talked to her last night?” Luptas asked.  “No. She left a…the answering machine,” Jack said.
“What time did she call?” Luptas asked. 
 “Dunno,” Jack said. “It was late.”

“How’d she sound?” 
 “Drunk,” Jack answered. Luptas laughed.

“Probably having a good time, huh?” Luptas asked. Jack shrugged. 
 “Do you mind if I listen to the message?” Luptas asked.
 “It’s not there anymore.”   “You deleted it?” Luptas became more intensely inquisitive. 

“No.”

Luptas pondered for a moment. “Machine do it?”

“I guess so.”

Luptas pursed his lips for a moment. Then he went back into character and let out a chuckle. “What kind of machine you got?” He asked, chipper. “Ours messes up a lot too. The wife got it at the Goodwill. Looks brand new, but I guess the previous owner donated it for a reason.”

Jack simply nodded. There’s a pause.

Finally, Jack said, “I don’t know. Came with the phone.”

“She didn’t sound distressed or anything?” Luptas asked. “Nothing funny, was there?”

“No.”

“Okay. Do you have a relative or someone you can stay with?”

“No.”

“Where does your brother’s daddy live?” Luptas asked.

“He lives in Pittsburgh, but he was supposed to visit Springfield on his way to Kansas City.”

“When?”

“Was supposed to come last week.”
 “He never came?” Luptas asked.

“No.”

Jack looked uncomfortable. “He might be there now. It was a trip…um…work…”

“A business trip,” Luptas said. Jack nodded. “Well, Springfield’s just a stone’s throw to Hawthorn,” Luptas said. ”You haven’t seen him?” Jack shook his head no. 

“You try to call him?” Luptas asked.

“I don’t know where he’s staying at,” Jack said.

“No cell phone?” Asked Luptas. Jack shrugged. 

Luptas sighed. “Well, like I said before: I’ve known you and your mom for a long time. Me and her went to school together and everything.” Luptas leaned closer to Jack. “I think a lot of her. When I come over here, it’s not because you’re in trouble. Okay?” 

“I know,” Jack mumbled. Eric extended his hand. Jack shook it limply. 

“You’ve got to firm up that grip, boy!” Eric said with a grin. Jack gave him a courtesy chuckle. “You need anything, don’t hesitate,” Eric said. “You hear me? And keep me posted on your mom.”

“Okay. Thanks,” Jack said. 

Eric got up to leave. “Bye, Son.”

“Bye, Mister Eric.”


The fire danced in front of the group of friends – Petor, Harris, Santos, and a girl named Sinthia. Jack got up to take a leak in the nearby woods. 

In the thick of the woods, he hears an ethereal echo: “Just because you’re in the woods, doesn’t mean we can’t see you.” 

Jack, knowing immediately who it was, zips his pants. With his back turned, he asked, “What do you want?” He turned toward Nathan, sitting crossed-legged in the dirt. “Why don’t you just leave me alone?” Jack asked, frustrated.

“Annoying, isn’t it?” Nathan asked condescendingly. “Just showing up uninvited…”

“Stay dead,” Jack said.

“Coward,” Nathan said, confrontational but calm.

“I’m the coward?” 
 “Yup,” Nathan said, unrelenting.  “What about you?” Jack asked, defensive.

“What about me?” Nathan said sternly. “And what happened to that cute little speech impediment?”

“Shut the fuck up!” Jack’s voice was raised.

“Not so meek when you’re arguing with a dead man, are you?” Nathan taunted.

“You’re not dead,” Jack said with tears in his eyes.

“What do you care?” Nathan asked. Jack and Nathan glare at each other for a lingering second. In the distance, Harris yelled, “Jack, who are you talking to?” Jack looked back to find Nathan vanished, naturally. 

Harris made his way through the shrubs and weeds to find Jack standing there. He looked completely freaked out. “What’s up?” He asked with a shaky voice.

“Nothin’,” Jack pouted.
 “We were looking for you,” Harris said.

“Where is everybody?”


Jack, asleep to another documentary on the History Channel, is woken by a knock on the door. It’s Eric Luptas. He’s holding his hat. “Come on in,” Jack said.

“How are you, buddy?” Luptas asked.

“I’m…um…tired. Sleepy.” 

“Have you been sick?”

“No.”

“It’s just, Ms. Luptas has been asking about you haven’t made to speech class.” Eric Luptas always seemed to walk on eggshells around Jack. “Can we sit?”

Eric took a seat on the couch, and looked nervous. “Jack, I’ve been a cop for a long time, and I’ve seen some stuff, but this is by far the hardest part of my job, and I’m no good at it. I’m gonna be as delicate as possible.”

All Jack could do was stare blankly. But he knew.

“How?” Jack asked, with a disturbing numbness.

“I don’t know,” Luptas said. “They just found them. Dispatch girl says they were shot, but I don’t know for sure.”

Jack, with characteristic coldness, asked, “Where was she?” 

Luptas sighed. “At a truck stop halfway between here and Springfield. Thelma and that Tarrus fellow, they were both in the back of his Semi truck. Been there for a while.”

Jack stares down, maintaining his expressionless demeanor. 

“Jack? You with me?” Luptas asked. Jack made eye contact, tears welling.

“Why don’t you just stay with me and the Mrs. tonight,” Luptas said with sorrow and concern. Jack gets up. 

“Why don’t you let me help you get some stuff. Okay?” Luptas said in a father’s voice. Jack shook his head no.

“No?”

Jack’s brain was scrambled. “Will you...um...like, um...stay...”

“I will stay,” Luptas said without hesitation.

“Just for a while,” Jack said, apologetic and pleading in tone.

“I will do that,” Luptas said. 

Jack’s dissociative exterior started to crack. Luptas put his hand on his shoulder. Jack teared up but held it together. He sees Nathan for a split-second. Sitting on the couch behind the two, he gives a knowing glare to Jack. Jack starts to cry.

“I knew. I already knew…” As he starts to whimper, Eric rubs his back.

Eric eventually fell asleep. Jack, in an altered state, curled up onto Eric’s chest, on the recliner. Eric woke, but despite his surprise at Jack’s behavior, simply put his arm around him.



The Cue ‘n Brew, where Thelma supposedly worked the night she disappeared, was the town of Hawthorn’s only bar. The owner, Billy Joe, was a well-intended but gruff man. 

Billy Joe was cleaning the bar at about 7 o’clock in the morning, when there was a knock on the door. Cursing under his breath, he opened the door to find Eric Luptas.

“How’s it goin’, Eric?” Billy Joe offered a pleasantry despite his work being interrupted.

“Okay, Billy J,” Eric Luptas said.

“Can I git you somethin’?” Billy Joe asked.

“A little early, ain’t it?” After a pause, he gave in. “Yeah, a beer, I guess. Whatever’s still cold.”

“It’s always cold, my friend,” Billy Joe said.

Billy Joe goes behind the bar and twists the cap off a beer and hands it to Eric. Eric takes a seat. He looks around. “I forgot how nice this place is,” he said.

“Well, then,” Billy Joe said, “You should come by more often.”

“Ah, my jukin’ days are over, Billy Joe.”

“That’s why I got no use for marriage.”

Eric nods in agreement. As Billy pour Eric’s beer, he makes an observation. “Now, I know you didn’t come by here and 7 o’clock in the morning to drink.”

“You been watchin’ the news?” Eric asks.
 “Mmhmm.”

“Tell me what you know, Billy Boy.”

“Well...” Billy Joe said, “one thing I know, she went home with a different guy every night. She told one of the girls that it was a perk of the job.”

“She ever talk about the boy?” Eric asked.

“That autistic boy of hers?” Asked Billy Joe.

“His name’s Jack,” Eric corrected him. “And he’s actually not autistic.”

“Then what’s wrong with—“

“He’s got dysnomia.” 

“Dysnomia?”

“Yeah,” Eric said. There was an elongated silence. “So, I’m gonna go ahead and guess that no, she didn’t talk about him very much.”

“Most of the stuff I know, I heard from the other girls,” Billy Joe said. 

“Such as?”

Billy Joe hemmed and hawed for a second. “He’d be caught talkin’ to himself. He said he saw his brother all the time, like he didn’t know he was dead.”

Eric did his best to keep a stone face. “So he was seeing and hearing stuff?”

“Yeah.” 

Eric was becoming more and more disturbed. “He ever act violent?”

“Well,” Billy Joe said, “He was hanging out with those boys, you know. She said he’d come home drunk and get mad and throw shit. But she never let on like he beat her or nothin’. I don’t think he could take her, anyway.” Billy Joe looked grave. “You don’t think he did it, do you?” Eric, perhaps unconvincingly, shook his head no.

“He stayin’ with you?” Billy Joe asked, treading lightly. Eric was silent.

Billy Joe fidgeted for a second, battling with himself whether to ask this question: “Does he know?”

Eric shook his head no, gently. “He’ll probably never…”

Billy Joe intercepted Eric’s thought. “She’s dead now. She can’t keep you from him now.”

Eric started to become emotional. His voice cracked. “Ah, I can be there for him. Pay for college. Probably bail him out of jail a few times...”

Eric and Billy Joe broke the somber mood with a hearty belly laugh. “…But not knowing who I am is probably the least of that boy’s problems.”

Billy Joe exhaled softly through his nose. “He’s been lied to his whole life. No need for it. Just somethin’ to think about.”

Eric was eager to change the subject. “What about that new man, Frank? Thelma ever say anything about him?”

“She only worked a couple’a shifts after she met him. I heard a bunch of details you probably don’t want to hear. I know I didn’t,” Billy Joe said. “You know how she was.”

“Yeah. I know. Did you know Frank?”

“Hell yeah I knew him,” Billy Joe said. “A real son of a bitch. Rough as a cob. Crazy too. You think he did it?”

Eric thought for a minute. “Real easy to come to that conclusion, ain’t it?”


The drive to Overland Park, Kansas was about three hours from Hawthorn. Eric considered which path to take, so as to avoid being spotted. Ultimately, I-70 proved the best option, which wasn’t saying much.

He put on his hat and his sunglasses, and walked into a trailer park with a sign for vacancies. He entered the leasing office, ignoring the sign that asked patrons to remove their sunglasses and hats.

An older lady greeted him at her desk. “Hi, welcome! Can I help you?”

“Uh, yeah,” Eric muttered. “I need to rent a trailer for my son.”

“And what were you looking for? A one bedroom? Two?”

I need the cheapest trailer you have,” Eric said. “I’ll pay for the entire year’s lease in cash today.” 

The receptionist looked at Eric skeptically. “The whole year?”

“Yeah.”

“What were you planning to spend?”

“Ah,” Eric thought for a second. “Five hundred is probably my limit.”

“Okay,” the receptionist said with a returning sunny demeanor, “I think I have something to show you.”


The trailer was decent enough. The bathtub was rusted out, and the smell of rat feces was evident. The receptionist wandered through the mobile home as if she was showing a house in Malibu. “Central air, fairly new appliances, cable ready. 350 a month.”

“Why so cheap?”

“It’s a cheap town,” said the receptionist.
“Yeah,” Eric asked, “how big is this town, anyway?”
“About as big as any town in Kansas off I-70.”

“Right. Any jobs around here?”

The receptionist obviously wasn’t expecting this many questions. “There’s a dairy farm near here. I think they’re usually looking for somebody part-time.”

Eric nodded. “What about colleges?”

“Uh...there’s a trade school here,” she said. “Why are you renting here, if you don’t mind my asking?”

Eric stammered. “This might be a uh...getaway. There’s some huntin’ ground I’m fond of not too far away.”

The receptionist put her hand on her hip. “For your son, right?”

“Yes, that’s right.”

The receptionist relaxed her pose. “Let’s go back to the office and get this started.”



The day of the funeral, Jack had all but checked out. His face was sunken, and his eyes were fixed to the floor. The Luptas family, along with Jack, walked into the half-empty sanctuary of Hawthorn Baptist Church, and all eyes were on them.

Marcia Cruz handed out the funeral programs to people as they entered the foyer, and when she handed one to Jack, she leapt at him, bear hugging him and sobbing. Jack could have wilted up and died of embarrassment. Harris, Santos and Petor were nowhere to be found.

Jack saw the silver urn containing his mother on top of an altar that was inscribed: “This Do In Remembrance of Me.” Above him was Father Redmond in an ill-fitting suit, looking at Jack with a mixture of disdain for being a whore’s son, and sorrow for his hell bound soul. Still, he gave a ten minute sermon.

Father Redmond preached about forgiveness. It was, for the most part, useless. 

Jack didn’t listen to the words. He just closed his eyes. His hands trembled.  

Jack had visions of Christmas while he closed his eyes. He saw his father, pushing him in a swing. He didn’t see the series of men that came and went. He didn’t see the beatings. He didn’t see the money on the dresser. He didn’t see the drugs. He saw shiny Christmas bows. He saw happy birthdays. He saw his mother rocking him to sleep. 

Eric nudged Jack. He came out of his self-hypnosis. “Go up there!” Eric said. And so he did.

“In lieu of testimony,” Father Redmond announced, ”Jack would like to sing Thelma’s favorite hymn with some men of our church.”

Jack shuffled over to the microphone at the pulpit. He looked out at the crowd. A few dozen sets of empty eyes. “Um...my mom used to sing this to my brother. I hope I do it right.”

Jack sang in a squeaky, mid-adolescent rasp:  God be with you till we meet again;
By his counsels guide, uphold you;
With his sheep securely fold you.
God be with you till we meet again.  The swell of the backup singers, a quartet of elderly men, all but overwhelmed him. But still, he kept singing:  Till we meet, till we meet,
Till we meet at Jesus' feet,
Till we meet, till we meet,
God be with you till we meet again.  Jack saw Nathan appear in the crowd. Nathan analyzed Jack. As Jack looked closely, he could see tears welling in Nathan’s eyes. So he kept singing:  God be with you till we meet again;  When life's perils thick confound you,
Put his arms unfailing round you.
God be with you till we meet again. 
Till we meet, till we meet,
Till we meet at Jesus' feet,
Till we meet, till we meet,
God be with you till we meet again.

Jack took a breath, gazed out at the crowd, and they were silent. Some women were dabbing their eyes with tissues, but in the forefront of Jack’s eye was Nathan, who stood up and gave a patronizing standing ovation. 
Jack looked Nathan right in the eye, and watched his body evaporate into the next dimension. 
It was over.
After the reception, Eric brought Jack outside. There was a car Jack didn’t recognize, with Jack’s belongings from his mobile home inside. Also there, Thelma’s urn, which was apparently snuck there by Eric.
“What is this?” Jack asked.
“Get in,” Said Eric. Jack obeyed.
Eric turns the engine over and starts driving.
“Where are we going?” Jack was getting anxious, but Eric was silent. Jack repeated himself. “Mister Eric, where are we going?”
The waking drive was excruciating. Jack stared out of the passenger side window, transfixed on its reflection, going into a familiar trance. Visions projected themselves onto the window, lulling him to sleep. Nursery rhymes soundtrack the ride there, as images of Thelma flash before him. Random images.   His mother as Marie Antoinette, smashing the guillotine.   Thelma as Ann Boleyn, removing her necklace.   Thelma burning down the Cue ‘n Brew, gleefully singing the nursery rhyme Jack used to fall asleep to as a boy as she poured gasoline all around her, maniacally laughing.   Thelma pointing a gun at the car.   A loud, subconscious gunshot woke up Jack.   The car stopped.
We must be here, Jack thought. But where is here?

Eric and Jack sat at the edge of the water, a muddy pond that not even the biggest sinner in the world would see fit to be baptized. The urn – Thelma’s remains – sat between them.

After a meditative silence, Jack asked Eric, “Why are we here?” Eric didn’t look at Jack.

“Jack,” Eric said mournfully, “You’re gonna have to stay here for a while.”

“Why?” Asked Jack. Eric stared at the water, the ripples moving faster.

“Son,” Eric said, “This is a moment of honesty. I need to know, from the bottom of your heart, if you know what happened to your mother and her friend.” Jack stiffened and looked at the water.

“She…um…she…I don’t…”

“Stop it,” Eric snapped. “Tell me. I can protect you. I just need to know.”

Jack wept softly. Eric didn’t look at Jack, and Jack didn’t need to say anything. He had just confirmed it. Finally, Jack said solemnly, “I need to dump the ashes.”

Jack takes the urn. His hands tremble. Eric hesitates at first, but after a moment he puts his hands over Jack’s to stabilize the urn. Together, they dump the ashes into the water – a chalky stream of pewter dust, floating with pond ripples.

The two men sat there, watching the ashes ever so slowly dampen, then turn to mud, and camouflage into the murky, polluted lagoon. Jack shivered.

Eric slowly moved his gaze to Jack, and in a burst of unbearable memory, Jack sobbed so hard it appeared he might bust his temples wide open.

“I’m sorry,” Jack said through messy tears. “I’m sorry.” 

Eric stood up, and picked up Jack to embrace him. Jack shook uncontrollably, put his head on Eric’s chest, and began sucking his thumb, all the while crying oceans of tears.

“It’s our fault, Jack,” Eric whispered into his ear. “It’s all of our faults.”

The next morning, Eric drove home. He left Jack to sleep on the air mattress he bought for him, and didn’t say goodbye. He had another vehicle waiting for him in Overland, which he drove home, leaving Jack the clunker the drove there, with a full tank of gas.   On the way home, Eric picked up a pack of cigarettes, and halfway home, he lit one – his first in ten years.

He entered his home, and his wife and children were at the breakfast table. Ms. Luptas looked at Eric with sad sympathy. Eric didn’t say a word. 

“Is it done?” Ms. Luptas asked.

Eric looked at Ms. Luptas for a second. His family was home – the family he built for the world to see. Without answering the question, Eric went to the bedroom and shut the door.

The rest of that day was peaceful. There was nothing to be heard, except silence. 

II.   

DARYL, THE BOY WITH THE DEMON IN HIS BRAIN 

 It starts with him surrounded by women.  Naked women, all with tiny little flaws so they seem real.  One is the same age as his mother.  One has stretch marks on her ass cheeks.  One has a mole by her left nipple.  They’re all on the grass outside the red barn sometimes.  Or they’re on the beach outside my aunt’s trailer in Malibu with his friend Scooter watching.  Scooter has that stupid look on his face – the same look he gets when the boy smokes the last cigarette, or beats him at a board game. 
He’s rubbing the old one’s rib cage while he kisses another girl’s neck. The old one’s skin is kind of taut. Like, you could imagine her as a young girl, her spunk diluted by age and her routine perfected by experience. His fingers make little circle motions all over her belly and to him it feels like a cashmere blanket. 
As he starts to feel the brunette’s mouth around his cock and he gets closer to finishing, there’s a tingle in his tailbone. Well, not really a tingle, it hurt. Not like stabbing pain or anything, more like a prick or a hypodermic needle.  It moved up his spine and after it reached the next vertebrate, the pain dissipated below, but became stranger and stronger upwards, rushing north.
As he reaches the point where the orgasm becomes inevitable, the pain becomes excruciating.  It rises up to his head and explodes like one of those county fair games with the mallet and the bell.  He comes all over his bed sheets, and in the mess of sweat and semen he wallows and squirms in a frantic, excruciating explosion of pain in his head.  You can’t imagine how bad it hurts, like his skull is splitting in half and the halves are being pulled their separate ways, but his skin is resisting and keeping his head in one piece. It wasn’t like a throbbing migraine. He pretty much heard the explosion between his ears, like his brain had been building up heat in the microwave.
Before he would lose his eyesight, he’d quickly put on his pants and wipe his hands on the jeans, and hold back his scream by holding his breath until he could run out of my room.   
His sight would then go black and his body would throw itself onto the floor, sometimes giving his unruly head more punishment with a smack on the wood.  He’d hear his mom scream in confusion and fright and his father’s silence was even more audible.  What’s wrong with him, his brother would shriek.  He’s got the demon inside him.  He’d hear his mom regain her composure.  Don’t say that, she’d tell him.  Go get him a pillow and some of those Tylenol 3’s. 
She strokes his hair, knowing he is awake.  Don’t worry, she whispers firmly, keeping the cracks in her voice smooth. I’ll crush it into your soda.  You won’t have to swallow them whole.
His vision always comes back after about three hours.  Usually he just naps the time away, and when he opens his eyes, the black becomes a gray fuzz with purple polka dots floating around the walls, congregating around any lights that happen to be on, spritely little UFO’s orbiting around the lamp shades and the television.  
He feels a slimy heat around the back of his head, which leaks through the pillow and is really gross. His mom comes in with some type of sweet cake or candy bar; something with sugar. Every time she has a look as if he was zapped by lightning or had a stroke and might not be here much longer and she wants to savor the moments she gets with her patient.
Does it come on suddenly or does it build? She’d ask, and the mere mentioning of the headache embarrasses him, so he usually don’t say anything. Is it a throbbing or is it kind of like a burst? Is it sensitive to light? He closes his eyes and she turns off the lights and the fan.  I’ll turn on the air-conditioning, she says, closing the door behind her.
His bike is hard to ride in the gravel, but he makes it work.  Usually he rides home on a flat tire or two for about half a mile. Fatty Greer is always sitting on his mom’s porch swing, sweating and smoking a cigarette. Hey, Wire! He yells out. What up, Greer, he says.  
You hear about Hopper? 
Nah, what about him? 
He’s your cousin. You don’t know?
I never talk to him
But still.
No.
He got arrested, Yo.  
For what?
He tried to kill his dad, Bro.  He said he was fuckin’ him while his mom was at work, but nobody believes him. Prolly lyin.
How do you know all this, Fatty?
I was standin’ out here when it happened, bro. When he got arrested, I mean. I mean he lives right over there.
Fatty lies a lot, so who knows. He gets on his bike and Fatty stalls him. You got a couple of flats, bro. Wanna come inside? 
And do what, he tells him. Got any Kool-Aid? 
Fatty didn’t, so he bailed. He drives past the Cruz house—Marcia and her grimacing parents. They’re a Cuban family that runs some white dude’s mulching company. Sometimes he stops and talk to Marcia, but he’s running late.
The drive to the doctor is always quiet.  His mom don’t know what to say, I guess, and he’d rather stare out the window.  He sees people being happy, playing in the sprinklers, people yanking the leashes of their hyperactive dogs, being boisterous assholes like nobody’s watching what they’re doing. If he happens to lock eyes with someone, they use the split second they have together to look away, like he’ll start a fire with his mind if they keep their eyes fixed to his. If he unfocuses his eyes the weeds and the trees become a big stream of blur, discolored but one with the sky.  He’d learn the value of doing this later on in life, but eventually he’d forget how, even when things whiz by so quickly.

His dad thinks he barfs pea soup.  He caught him padding the headboard of his bed when he stumbled in, tripping on the brown bag of nails in the doorway.  His dad looks at him and keeps stapling, probably more staples than he needed. He’s nervous.
What you doin’, Dad?
Just some precautions, he says.
I’m fine, you know. You don’t have to do that.
Just in case. He pauses. 
Don’t worry, his dad tells him, fluffing the pillow. We’ll have you up and purring like a kitten in no time.
That night his dad put the extra Bible stolen from a hotel room on the night stand.

The padding on the headboard was way conspicuous as he tried to sleep. He kept his head turned up to analyze it for the first few hours till his spinal chord felt like it might snap, then he kept it in his memory as he stared at the poster of some anonymous Sports Illustrated model.  
His cousin Bayda tells him about dreams she has.  Sometimes they have zombies or ghosts or something scary, and sometimes they are full of mysterious religious shit, like Jesus comes to her in a field of light and tells her not to have sex before marriage or smoke pot or whatever.  He don’t really like her, but he likes listening to her talk.  She’s real smart about some things, and fantastical in her delivery.  It’s hard not to like her, kind of.
Do you ever have, like, dreams about like, romance? He asks her.
No, never.
Never?
No.
Well, what about…
What?
Forget it.
No, what?
You’ll think I’m a pervert.
Oh, listen.  That’s just the devil getting to you.  You just have to clear your mind while you’re awake, and the dreams will stop.
What in the world are you talking about? He asked. Here she goes again, talking straight up bullshit.
You know, read the Bible more; actually listen to in church.
I’m not sure you get what I mean.
I get what you mean. 
But dreams can’t be controlled, I don’t think.  I think they happen due to thoughts we don’t dare have on purpose.  
That’s one way to look at it, I guess.
I like to think of them as something that makes us let our blocks down we hold around lots of people or in crowds – the same guards that tell us to hold in our farts in church or at the dinner table – 
Oh, man, don’t be gross.
Or like when your parents are gone, and you steal from the liquor cabinet just because their shit’s always easier to deal with later.
You lost me.
But these are daydreams.  The dreams I can control, but choose not to.  Choices always have punishments.  Sunday school pretty much says that’s what life on Earth is all about.
You mean consequences. Choices always have consequences.
Huh?
That’s what you should mean.  Don’t let the Devil take you on like that. He will make you jaded and cynical and lazy. Don’t be lazy.  
I’m not sure what you’re talking about, but we’ll get into it more later.  I’ve got to go babysit.
Oh man, have fun.
Yeah, right.
Cynical and lazy, don’t be! He said with a grin.
Shut up.

He tends to ride his bike before his doctor’s appointments.  It’s not something he does on purpose. 
He runs the same route, the county road in front of Greer’s house. Riding past Marcia’s house, he waves at her family every time but they never wave back, except Marcia. It doesn’t bother him because they’re town outcasts and so is he, and in some weird way he takes pleasure in predicting they’ll eventually come around when they get to know him.  It’s a psychic bond they’re too stubborn to acknowledge. I guess it calms him.  
He knows exactly what happens on these rides he takes.  Greer stops him with some gossip, usually about the neighbor he’s taken to calling Chester the Molester, our boy’s uncle, and asks if he has cigarettes.
Hey, Homes! He waves from his yard.
’Sup, Greer. He stops and talks and rolls his eyes.  Greer seems to enjoy his attitude. 
He’s back.
Who’s back?
Chester the Molester, dummy. Gotta post that sign in his lawn now, but he’s on probation or something.  His kid moved out. Still don’t have that sign up, though.
Well, his kid should move out if he was fucking him, right?
Fatty got all quiet: But here’s the bad part.  I heard the mom is thinking about getting back together with him.
That’s fucked up, kinda.
You got any cigs, Homes?
I can find some, Daryl said. Got any Kool-Aid, Fatty?


The therapist’s office smells like a bank.  It prevents him from talking too much. It’s like a professional place, not a place for talking about shit they want you to talk about.  Anymore, they don’t have talks like normal.  Doctor Ewen puts him under hypnosis.  
He plays slow electronic music or water soundtracks or whatever.  He then asks him questions.  He remembers most of it but after the session, a period of time is missing.  Like, he remembers the doctor asking him a question, and the next thing he remembers is waking him up.  He don’t really think that’s fair.  It’s like giving him truth serum, and if he don’t want to talk about some things, he shouldn’t have to.  We’ve all got things to hide and they should stay hidden until they naturally blow up.  They don’t need help coming out. It hardly seems fair, mainly because the subconscious is not something we’d even remember to talk about it.  It’s like Marcia and her Wicca.  It’s like rushing the universe. It’s dangerous.
And lately, Doctor Ewen has been acting weird.  He has a look of pity or mourning or even guilt on his face, and he touches his shoulder in a deliberately compassionate way on the way out of his office, and that bothers him, especially after hypnosis, for obvious reasons.
People are quiet in the waiting room and they stare.  They couldn’t possibly have heard anything in the session, but some people let off a stink when they’re sad, like a radiation or as Marcia says, an “aura”.  It’s his best guess. He don’t like it.
Riding his bike has become hard work. It’s June and it’s muggy. He starts sweating outside the door.  But today, he has a destination.
He chugs through the rock with his flat tires and once he gets to Marcia’s house he just walks his bike in the middle of the rows and rows of young trees.  Marcia’s outside sucking on a popsicle.  She adjusts her bifocals and perks up when she sees it’s him.
What’s up! she hollers in the thick voice of a chunky girl.
Hey Marcia, he pants.
Want a popsicle?
Okay.
They sat in the front porch on a white plastic bench.  Marcia talked and talked and talked through her red stained teeth, while her dad mowed the back lawn and gave him dirty looks whenever their eyes met.  When the Sun was about to go down and the mosquitoes started biting, Marcia looked at him sheepishly and said, Let’s go sit in the car and listen to the radio.
She put it on the pop station. She bobbed her head along to a dance song. He waited until after the song was over to change it to the country station.  Then she turned it down and asked him if he had ever been kissed. He said he wasn’t sure.
You don’t remember if you’ve ever been kissed? She detected bullshit.
I swear, I don’t remember, He said.
I’ve never been. I’m kind of wanting to get it over with.
He kissed her.  Then she took his hand and placed it on her breast.
The tingling started down in his spine and he got nervous.
Your nose is bleeding, she said as she backed away.
That’s the last thing he saw before the pain started, his eyes closed and his head split open again.  
He felt his body being dragged out of the car and carried like a bride over the threshold, to another car.  Can you hear me? Are you awake? He heard Marcia say over and over again. 
Bring the bike to his house, He heard a man in a thick Hispanic accent say sternly.  I’ll take him home.
He needs to go to a hospital.
Do as I tell you.
Marcia’s voice trailed off. She was muttering something that sounded like, “I’ve done it again, I’ve done it again,” but it wasn’t clear enough to be sure.
He fell asleep on the porch step, where Marcia’s father left him.  He had knocked on the door, but no one heard him I guess.
He woke up in bed, to the hum of the humidifier and with a drying rag on his forehead.  He was quizzed by his parents extensively about what happened this time, where he was. He said nothing.
With the day off from school and his mom and dad at work, he ignored his lingering migraine and rode his bike.  He expected to see Fatty Greer outside his house, as he was suspended for a couple days for throwing a lit firecracker beside Mrs. Danforth’s tire on her way out of the parking lot.  He wasn’t there, so he kept riding past Chester the Molester’s house. But he saw Fatty’s bike on top of the storm cellar.
He rode farther up than he ever had, and then onto the highway, all the way to the convenience store owned by the Redmond family.  He bought a Gatorade and Mrs. Redmond said, don’t stand outside and drink it. Be on your way. He did anyway and that weird hag didn’t do anything about it.
Riding back home was a fucking chore.  He stopped at the T in the road to catch his breath and he saw Fatty sitting on Chester’s porch smoking a cigarette.  He waved at him. He started riding toward him.
This dude’s got cigs! He said with glee. You want some? He gave me half a carton.
Sure, he said.  Chester came outside, shirtless and smoking.
How you doin’? How’s your mom? Chester said, stroking his mustache, barely awake. 
I turned the A/C on. Looks like you could use it.
Nah, he said. I gotta go.
Suit yourself, Chester said. Charlie, you gonna be long?
No sir. Fatty looked at our boy and whispered, I’m doing chores. This faggot will give you whatever you want if you do bullshit for him.
Hey boy, Chester said to Daryl. You ever mow a lawn?
Yeah.
Fatty looked at him with warning. Yes sir, he whispered.
Yes sir, Daryl repeated.
Chester grinned. That sounds so much better.
His voice, the mannerisms. They were familiar to our boy.  Chester and our boy were related, but strangers. He couldn’t place it.
Chester didn’t have much of a lawn, and less of a lawnmower.  It took our boy about half an hour to mow the entire lawn front and back. Chester came out with a drink three different times, then offered to make him a sandwich. Knowing what he knew, he should not have gone inside, but Chester the Molester was familiar to him and our boy wanted to figure out who this dude was.
Inside was a Winnie-the-Pooh cartoon on television, and a vacant-eyed boy watching it, much younger than Hopper, occasionally looking at Daryl longingly.
Let’s get out of here. 
Inside this dilapidated house was a grown man getting too close to the demon inside our boy’s own dilapidated dollhouse of a brain.
His brother has said that our boy’s recurring migraine was a demon inside him, aggravated by something and lashing out from within.  Shame has prevented him from saying what has aggravated this beast.  
The teenage orgasm is a shameful thing, as children are not meant to experience them, and knowledge is not meant for them, either.  The truth is that our boy thought they were punishment, as if his brain or body, or maybe his soul, was rejecting this knowledge as if it was an alien organ transplanted.  
And so, you can guess how our boy recognized Chester the Molester.  The migraines were probably not demons.
It was on this morning that it all came together and it was too much to take.  Our boy didn’t kill Chester the Molester, though he wanted to, and you might say he should have.  He had the opportunity to be a pre-teen hero and he rejected it. This is something to regret later in life. Instead, he had the final migraine of his long, murky, uninspiring life.  
His insides sat in Chester the Molester’s yard, pieces of it stuck to the living room carpet, the kitchen floor, splattered in the bath tub. 
When our boy came to, he just left. He didn’t ride his bike home, he walked it under highway hypnosis. He never told anybody, and didn’t even remember after a short period of time, and in fact forgot most faces, names and occurrences. He started over. He just lived the kind of repressed life one would expect until adulthood, a tiny voice inside of him futilely refusing to be victimized any more, but of course he was always held hostage.
HOMELESS MAN FROM HAWTHORN FINDS A KINDRED SPIRIT ON NORTH CAHUENGA BLVD. AND PROSELYTIZES ABOUT WHAT EVE DONE

 Don’t worry, Mister. I know better than to ask you for change. You ain’t that generous. You know how I know? Your suit is too clean. Your tight wallet tells on you. People that spend money don’t have it. You ever notice that? What do you do with that suit around here? You ain’t got no briefcase, but I bet you own a shiny, leather one that you carry around everywhere that you want to be seen. I know you ain’t on no business trip out here, and there ain’t no job to go to, especially on this bus route. What’s the matter, didn’t want to dirty up your rental? Are the girls too wild downtown? Gotta come to The Valley for the cleaner fun? They’re all professionals, Mister. Don’t matter, I suppose. I can smell your aftershave from here and I ain’t that close. Smells real nice. What are you tryin’ to cover up? I know you can smell me. You know what that smell is? It’s what life’s shit smells like. It’s all over me. 
Don’t give me that look, Mister, you’d be surprised at how easy you can fall out the tower. Sounds like somethin’ you heard in a movie, don’t it? Well, it’s the truth, cliché or no cliché. You wouldn’t be kind 
enough to let me use your Sunset Marquis shower, would ya’? Didn’t think so. I stayed there once. Spent all my money in one night, and been homeless ever since. Hey. I made a joke and you didn’t even hear it. Stop pretending you don’t hear me. You look nervous. You’d probably like nothing more than for me to remove my gut from behind your hundred-dollar haircut. I’m standing right here, Dapper Dan. I’m not moving. It’s a free country, in case you’ve been in that high-rise cocoon for too long. Why are you reading the New York Times, Dapper Dan? Don’t try to act like your hometown paper is so much better than ours. New York is your hometown, right? Yeah, right. How are my strapped brethren on the East, my strapping brother? 
	You wouldn’t know. You’re probably from some po-dunk snow globe, fuckin’ Denver or something. I went there once. Real nice place to raise a trust-fund baby. How many of those you got now, Dapper Dan? How many you plannin’ for? You gotta send them all to college, you know. Just keep ‘em in Colorado, Danny 
boy. Bring ‘em out here and they’ll end up with water balloon-titties and a face only a beach bum could love. You may as well look me in the eye, Dan. I’m not talking crazy and I know you’re listening. You can’t dismiss me like that, you no-good pretty princess. You ain’t careful, you just might learn what that Vanderbilt-wannabe slag you call a mother couldn’t pay for you to learn. I’m sorry, fella’. Your mother is probably a lovely woman. As lovely as they get over there, anyway. You ain’t listenin’, and I’m wastin’ my time obviously, so I’ll just leave you with this and let you get to pretending to read the paper. 
Okay? 
Look to your left. That’s the Acting Conservatory over there, on North Cahuenga, past the mechanic’s shop. See it? There’s at least one rich actor in there at any given moment, and he got in for free. All of 
the little Mexican girls had to pay a thousand dollars, and they don’t have it. Can you imagine? Of course you can. Why pay for something when you actually have the money? Your way of thinking kills me, Dan. One of those slices of TV Wonderbread in class with all those Mexican teenage girls, who probably sold some food stamps to get in? Probably folks more pampered and remote than you, around those Valley paupers. 
That’s what I like about this place, Danny Boy. People are more inclined to talk to each other, even if they are faking it. You won’t find people talkin’ to each other in NYC! No sirree! 
My girl wanted to be an actor, an actress. Had a thing for that guy... 
Oh, What’s-His-Face. The one from that real old movie, with the fat angel trying to earn a halo. Stupid movie. She liked it because it was her mom’s favorite movie. I wouldn’t be surprised if she never even saw the damn thing. She lied all the time. Hated that bitch. She’s the reason I’m here on this bench, smelling like life’s shit, talking to you! 
Aw, I shouldn’t say that. I was fucked a long time ago. Ain’t no Tree of Knowledge here! Ain’t her fault. Her ass was definitely God’s doing though. Can you imagine that? An ass so perfect, it was created in Eden. Perfect, perfect ass. Expensive ass, someone like you might say. She died after a rough go with someone a lot like you. Well, not a lot like you. I kinda like you in some weird, asshole way. You may have employed one of her friends last night. Ha! How ‘bout that, Danny Boy! 
Now, look towards the sky. That’s me standing behind you. See me? The guy talking into the brick wall also known as your ear. Take a look and a whiff. This is what will happen to you if you don’t stay 
in Colorado, or Idaho, or Indiana, or wherever you’re from. How old do I look to you? Thirty-three. I’m only thirty-three years old. Let me give you some advice, Dapper. Don’t let that woman of yours take your money. I know you got lots of it. Because they’ll do it. They’ll do it every time if you let ‘em. Raise your girls, if you got ‘em, to not be whores or gold diggers and to marry men that will keep them under 
control. You do that, Dan, you’ll never see me again, if you’re lucky. Now, don’t get me wrong, Dan, I ain’t singing no Evil Woman Blues, and I ain’t blaming my shit on someone else for no good reason. I love my girl, but she done this shit to me and now I’m here, talking to people that may or may not even be there. Women make the world go ‘round, but the first woman ruined the perfection of God’s world, and don’t you forget that shit.   

DARYL MCADAMS CHANNELS LUX LISBON

Even Marcia’s big brown butt didn’t repel Daryl McAdams. His heart was too open and his head too empty to recognize a dog when he saw one. 
She was really nice and smart and everything. But she was younger than Daryl and weird and was clearly obsessed with him, but was open about it unlike his secret fan club of hot skanks.
In a movie, your narrator would tell you that every other girl in the world is an empty vessel with legs and tits who would lead our boy Daryl down a hall of mirrors until his brain breaks, and Marcia is smart, if frumpy, and purrrrfect for Daryl McAdams but he just can’t see it and be tamed. Because in movies there are no bad boys, there are only reformed bad boys and the women who extinguish their demons, for better or worse.
After Daryl’s episode with Marcia so many years ago, back when the demon was still healthy inside his head, they weren’t really allowed to speak to each other. Daryl, being dumb and goofy and fucking myriad customers since then, going through people like tissue, pretty much forgot about Marcia. Nothing against her, he would say if he was ever asked, but I just can’t place her. Face looks familiar, though. Of course, no one cared about Marcia so no one ever asked, but I’m just telling you that’s what he’d say if they did. That’s what he said about most people.
The fact that they weren’t allowed to speak only tightened the ribbon around her finger. It wasn’t long until she was leaving notes in his locker—cryptic notes, heavy on the Catholic guilt, and decorated with glittery X-tian crosses that made the pages stick together, signing it only with her initials because she was too chicken shit to put her whole name. I can’t remember exactly what she said in the notes, but her writing style would later be copied by Daryl in notes to people he was obsessed with for the brief time he could remember them. He was just as crazy as Marcia, but less focused.
Daryl’s parents never knew who threw him on their porch step that night, so they had no opinion on the Cruz family except they were Mexican (when they were actually Cuban), and so were probably really good workers should Daryl’s dad ever need to hire someone for real cheap. Marcia’s dad smelled trouble and knew that his daughter would probably cause it with a charismatic white boy she could play doctor with, and pamper like she was his wet nurse. He knew she’d grow up to be a “fixer upper”.
Around the time the notes started, she and her ugly friends started camping out in the weeds across the road from Daryl’s house. They’d have binoculars and a pad of paper that they said was to take notes but really ended up being a doodle pad.
They’d watch his house for about fifteen minutes. He’d be gone or passed out—never present. When watching became pointless, they’d gossip about random people at school they never talk to, diet tips from pro-ana websites, and occasionally, Daryl. But the only person really thinking about Daryl was Marcia—her friends could give a shit, and really were kind of freaked by him. They followed Marcia, though. Gross and dorky that she was, she was also sort of a force of nature. Even the bimbos that teased her, did with a vague reverence for her strength. There was a fire in Marcia that smoldered quietly. The bimbos stoked it just enough to keep it alive.
She had an innate worldly knowledge. It was not learned, as her Catholic-bred parents made sure she saw no evil. It was psychically sought after, however. 
She knew what her pussy could be capable of if she just lost a few pounds, and let puberty take its course. She was born with the knowledge that people are stupid and easily fooled by people like herself. What she lacked, that Daryl had, was a pretty shell. What Daryl lacked, that Marcia had, was everything else. She wanted to implant everything else into his chest and watch it grow.
Marcia walked up and down her county road sometimes, on restless nights. Even though the gravel hurt her feet and her sweat was overwhelming on typically muggy nights, she did it, looking for ghosts or Daryl’s insides or UFO’s to take her on a journey of probes, experiments and fortune telling. One time, she ran into Daryl after whatever transaction he was completing at that hour and after that she paced the road for a few hours every week, but I’m sure their chance encounter had little to do with it, because Marcia was always up to weird shit late at night—trying to witness something the world would sleep through.
Because of her innate worldly knowledge, she had an inkling of what Daryl did, but had no proof and no concrete narrative played out in her fat head. It was what she desperately tried to piece together, but never could.
Daryl floated around. That’s what she never understood. In her mind, she was in the audience, and he was doing performance art or something, in code, so only she got it. It was so stupid.
I saw what she saw in Daryl McAdams, but no one else did. 
He did what Daryl does, in the semi-charming way he does it, and that was his role, both in town and in his whole life. Marcia had a girl-boner for him, therefore magic surrounded him. He had rubies in his eyes, a diamond in his teeth, and pearls out his ass.
He was beautiful, but a scruffy, donkey-dicked piece of trailer trash that would probably never escape Hawthorn, and would never really try. Marcia just liked to facilitate a fantasy of sweeping a dude off his feet while an 80’s song played just outside the threshold. A dude her dad feared. A fixer-upper.
When Daryl started dating Vanessa, Marcia’s mortal enemy, you would think that a broken heart would have at least slowed her down, but she was more determined than ever.
Vanessa, with big floppy tits and a tiny little waist, Rapunzel hair and a delightfully-loud girlish giggle, was actually just a sidekick to the homelier, and much bitchier, Janessa, who flirted with Daryl relentlessly when no one was looking. Daryl was a whore; he was not into them.
Daryl started flirting with Vanessa in the library—where she worked--one afternoon after school. He must have been on detention because Daryl never read a book he wasn’t assigned, and even then he read ten pages and fell asleep and took a “D” on his assignment.
Anyway, flirting with Hawthorn girls was so easy. You just had to find the trigger. The trigger didn’t have to be a certain phrase, it could be anything, if you had the right inflection to go with it.
It looked easy, but I guess it wasn’t, because you also had to beam a light from your eyes. The light had to hit the prism on your cornea just right to be seen by a bitch. It’s not something you can learn. Daryl was born with it. 
Anyway, it was easy for him, but like I said before it was impossible for me to even attempt. Some people have it. You’re either gifted at one end of the spectrum or the other. I’m gifted at the other end. Marcia is too, I guess.
So anyway, after Vanessa and Daryl shared a cigarette outside the gym, Vanessa said she needed to go home.
“I’d give you a ride,” Daryl said, “but you know…my condition.”
“You can’t drive?” Vanessa said.
“Nope,” Daryl feigned mopiness and kicked some gravel.
“That sucks,” Vanessa said with dumb girl sympathy in her big doe eyes.
Of course, who was right around the corner, but Marcia. She saw it spark, the crazy bitch. How she managed to time it like that is a good question. But, there she was. Sometimes I think psychosis and psychic ability share one side of the fence.
So the days turned to a whole week, and they still hadn’t broken up. Marcia could smell Vanessa’s baby powder on Daryl as he walked by her in the hallway, which meant he and Vanessa had probably just messed around—a mental image that both horrified and aroused her.
Even after her gaggle of butterfaces got tired of spying on Daryl at home, Marcia made them come with her. Even after they stopped showing up, Marcia kept looking through the McAdams’ windows. She never saw anything. Not one thing. The only time she witnessed anything that would have given her the slightest characterization of Daryl McAdams was by chance—creeping in and out of Jonathon Black’s house, stumbling out of the Cue ‘n Brew, arm wrapped around an old lady’s waist as they walked to her car, dealing to some of the kids from Daddy Redmond’s youth group right outside the church.
He didn’t take notice of Marcia until his church birthday party. That was also the night he refused to continue with church. He saw Marcia as an omen or a sign, probably. He thought in those terms. Stupid as hell, and superstitious as a witch.
He’d run into her in the hallway after that and actually remember her. She melted.
When she got invited to see him at graduation a couple years later, in place of his dead mother and some of his drug buddies that probably wouldn’t show up anyway, her fat ass almost had a heart attack.
When he invited her to a party in Springfield, Marcia Cruz got scared for the first time in her life, probably because she knew she’d witness something terrible. Daryl was bringing along a luck charm, and he still couldn’t figure out whether she was a good charm or a bad charm.
Marcia spent all afternoon dressing for the party. She even tried on her mother’s maternity dress. It still didn’t fit, but it was the best option.
Daryl picked her up in his beat-up red sports car, which to Marcia of course looked like a pumpkin carriage. Marcia’s parents looked out the window at him.
“He’s smoking a cigarette,” Marcia’s mom exclaimed.
“Yeah, cool. See you later!” Marcia rushed out of the house before her parents could object.
The crowd at the part was a mix of preppy boys dressed as Kennedys, and drug dealers from the bowels of southern Missouri. Seeing the glint of fear in Marcia’s eyes, Daryl took her hand. “Come on, girl. Let’s get something to drink.”
Marcia sat at the kitchen counter, which was cluttered with coke bottles and Jim Beam, while fun happened all around her. She peered into the next room, and saw Daryl smoking from a small, glass tube. Her image of this boy – this bad boy she wanted so badly – suddenly became simply a choice with bad consequences. 
She couldn’t leave, but she needed to cry. After a couple left a bedroom, presumably after sex, she jumped into the empty room and locked the door.
Shortly thereafter, there was a knock. “Who the fuck is in there?” It was Daryl’s voice. Marcia opened the door, standing there in her frumpy dress, mascara down her face.
“What are you doing in here?”
“Hiding.”
“Can I hide with you?”
Daryl and Marcia lay side-by-side on the bed. Daryl reached over and wiped the wet spot off of her cheek.
“I can’t have sex with you,” Marcia said.
“I know that,” Daryl said, almost defensive. “Why are you upset?”
“I don’t know,” Marcia said, drained and defeated.
“You probably thought I was someone else.”
“What?” Marcia asked.
“You had a fantasy of me in your head, but really, I’m just a lowlife crack head to you now. You like me with a bad attitude, but the baggage was out of sight. Until now.” Daryl looked over at Marcia. “Right?”
Marcia waited a long time to answer. “I’m scared of you.”
Daryl sighed. “Yeah, well. You probably should be.”
“Yeah. I guess so.”
Daryl raised up. “I do like you, Marcia. I like you a lot.”
“But?”
“But…” Daryl said, “I don’t think you can handle me right now. I’d rather you just keep the fantasy. That version of me is much better. Both for me, and for you.”
Marcia rolled her eyes. “That doesn’t even make any sense.”
“It would if you really knew the truth,” Daryl said. “And trust me, you don’t want that.”
They eventually fell asleep, while the chaos of the party happened outside. Marcia woke up to sobs. They were Daryl’s sobs. 
Without saying a word, she wrapped her arms around Daryl, stroked his hair, and held him until he fell back asleep.
 FASHIONABLY LATE 
 His topcoat just wasn’t heavy enough. This was evident from the increased chatter of his jaw. His molars clanged, seeming to echo throughout his mouth and down his throat with the drainage from his sinuses, which, as his father warned before the move, is commonly increased in this climate. The door shut behind him. This, for some reason, triggered an involuntary contemplative moment, not really a flashback or a hypothetical scene complete with heightened reality, but more like an ominous rumble in the gut, regarding the upcoming events of this dreaded evening--A welcoming party in his honor. 
This miserable party was his mother’s doing, of course--An opportunity to showcase her teenage son’s angelic face to a bunch of people who are surely better acquainted with the faces of road kill. “This is my son, Jaime,” she’d say to homely people in hand-knitted sweaters. “He’s in from Nashville.” She would say this with saccharine voice inflection, as the neighbors nod with honest fascination. She’d take for granted that these poor, dumb people would look upon them both as if Nashville was a beacon of world culture, which meant that his mother gave birth to exotic offspring in an exotic land. And they’d be impressed, because people from Wyoming are exactly that stupid. He suspected that’s why she decided to live here in the first place, to live around people whom she could easily impress. This brief flash of dread triggered, as it always does, an unconscious, queer facial expression that always perplexes and unsettles strangers in the mall--a reaction he recognized, but didn’t understand. 
He was experienced with this reflexive expression enough to know what the muscles in his face felt like when it happened. It only layered onto the rest of the awkward shit his body did, showing no reverence to etiquette or aesthetics, and in turn made more awkward bodily and facial shit happen, which led people to believe he was crazy or diseased. It subsided here quicker than normal, as there wasn’t anyone around. He forced one foot in front, moving his legs into an odd amble. 
And so he slumped up the dirt road from the guest house, toward his mother’s house. He could see the house from the cedar porch he was now a few steps from, and he silently prayed the route would get deterred, perhaps by a snowstorm or elevation-sickness. 
He took comfort in, of all things, the landscape. Just like the Paramount logo marking the end of the coming attractions, he settled into the image. He admired the metropolitan atmosphere: Streets of busy, furiously indifferent drones, and daydreamed about it as he stared at the silhouette of the Rocky Mountains. While there were no skyscrapers in Nashville, and no cabs to hail except for on the curbs of the airport and Greyhound station, there was still a sense of hustle in the city that to him, was soothing, ambient noise. There is a level of comfort in being surrounded by anonymous people who also considered him to be anonymous. 
Still, icy, nature felt exactly the same as a busy street. It was just as comfortable. His agoraphobia had nothing to do with people, as was explained to him a couple years back by one in a long line of family counselors. No, his agoraphobia had everything to do with the hyper-sensitivity he had towards his own human inadequacies. Rationally, he understood that all people have their own shortcomings, but for reasons unknown to him, he was the only person who deserved to have them exposed in front of the world. Maybe if he knew what exactly made him flawed, he could overcome them. He couldn’t detect the scars in his mannerisms or his face or whatever, nor did he understand the complexity of himself. He expected no one else to, including doctors or Scientology auditors or his parents. “One day,” his mother once snarled when he announced he was not showing up to his Junior prom, “You’re going to be old and lonely, just like all old people. Only, you’ll have no reflective thoughts to keep you company.” 
He kept his head down while she spoke, which seemed to only agitate her more. “What do you have against being young and happy?” He had nothing against it, he wanted to say. He just found that the fight was too hard to bother. He was already defeated, for some reason. Being defeated, he agreed to show up to his senior prom at Esther B. Williams high. 
Being in Hawthorn, the high school gymnasium was in the middle of town, and its main focal point—all lit up, almost like Ground Zero or some type of indoctrination center. Fields, a church, some houses, dirt, and a cultish environment stand guard all around, a place where the Gods were mechanized beasts called tractors, that Jamie had only heard of in that Robert Redford movie and a country song fetishizing it on the radio one time on the way in to town. The gym was barren on the inside and sparsely populated, with a bored DJ playing that tractor-sex country song over and over again. Zombie-fied cheerleaders that were plainly good-looking, in a rural kind of way, held pep rallies there.  Teachers pace the floors, always stoic and silent, and behave like government agents. It was in weird-ass Hawthorn where Jaime’s affliction was fostered and matured. 
After thirty minutes of Prom festivities, Jamie’s mother, who was there to chaperone, was asked to leave for showing up drunk, and for being inappropriate with Jerry Winkler, the only twenty-two year old that ever existed at Jaime’s high school. Jaime considered this not only a betrayal of motherly duty--for Jerry Winkler was one of the few people with whom Jaime had a casual friendship, which presented a gross conflict of interest--but it was also the exact worst case scenario Jaime had feared before agreeing to go. 
Jaime’s mother had no interest in enriching her son’s 
life or experience. It became apparent that if Jaime sought the party once and a while, he’d see his mother more often, but as the fun-loving lush 
that Jerry Winkler liked to take in the back seat of his Jeep. 
After that, none of the other moms would talk to Jaime’s mom. Dad ordered her into rehab, for what, who knows. When she refused, it was only a matter of time, and Dad took Jaime to Nashville with him.
It was at most forty degrees outside during the warmest part of the day, a chill belied by the intense Wyoming sun, and by the beads of sweat forming under his shaggy, heavy bangs. He was neither prepared for, nor was he happy about, his recent move from Nashville, also a place with detestable weather. But he had a faint determination to pour himself into the mold of this new lifestyle, as there was no third option, and no sense in a smart boy like Jaime to have to use the last resort. 
The steepness of the route was unfortunately underestimated. It looked like flat land in the view from the guest house, but for some reason, the muscles in his thighs started to throb, along with his temples--unusual for a jogger. He also noticed that his mother’s house was no longer in view, which was a little alarming. He checked his cell phone for the time, and calculated that he had twenty minutes until he 
was officially late for the party. However, his mother often encouraged being slightly late to parties. “Ten minutes late, you’re fashionable. Twenty minutes, you’re not allowed to eat,” she’d said on more than one occasion. Jaime was always sure to be on-time.
	
It was starting to get dark, and his mother had already called four times, none of the calls Jaime had answered. Walking uphill for what seemed like forever had made him sweaty and not presentable. He eventually just parked under a tree a few feet away from the trail and smoked a cigarette, which then became two, and then three. His meditation was interrupted by the nasally voice of an older woman. 
“Those are bad for ya’, you know,” The voice offered. 
“Really? I hadn’t heard,” Jaime replied, hoping his sarcasm was enough to ward this person away from him. His eyes met with a harsh blue light, intrusively scanning his face and his person. 
“You lost? You look lost,” The woman observed. From what Jaime could see, she was wearing a police uniform. “You a cop?” He asked. 
“Not quite. Security guard,” she said, pointing behind her. “For that house over there.” Jaime concluded that she must have been unnecessarily hired for his mother’s party as a frumpy prop. 
“Oh. I live over there,” Jaime said, and pointed in a nonspecific direction. 
Ms. Security Guard burrowed her brows. “Well what are you doing sitting out here? There’s mountain lions, you know.” He, in fact, did not know that. 
“I’ll be okay. I’ve got a mean look.” After a second of silence, he assumed the joke fell flat. “Just wanted to be outside for a minute.” 
“Well, don’t freeze to death,” She said, walking away. “’Night.” 
“’Night.” 
About thirty minutes after the party was scheduled to begin, Jaime was still sitting underneath the tree. He knew his mother would be incensed. She had little patience for the unsociable, and couldn’t understand for the life of her how anyone could be pathologically scared of a party. His father was more sympathetic to his condition, but eventually it became obvious to Jaime that it wasn’t sympathy his father felt for him, it was toleration--toleration only sustainable because Jaime was the definition of a quote unquote latchkey kid. Eventually though, Jaime became too much for him to handle, even from a remote location. The condition had not only taken over Jaime’s life, it had taken over his as well. Jaime honestly wasn’t aware of this until his father broke the news, over dinner, that Jaime would be moving over a thousand miles away. 
“I work over fifty hours a week, Son. Your mother works none,” He explained. “If nothing else, she’ll be present. We at least owe you 
that.” 
“I don’t get a say?” Jaime countered. 
“It’s for your health, Jaime.” He said, keeping his eyes on the floor. 
“And for mine. You can’t go on running the streets while I’m at work. You need someone who’s going to be home.” 
During this conversation, it came to Jaime’s attention for the first time, that he had no clue what his father even did for a living. He knew he made lots of money, and that probably meant a high-stress job. He knew he lived in a decent-sized house in a crime-free neighborhood, and he knew his father had an indistinct disinterest in everything, since Jaime could remember. 

Jaime was far too perceptive to actually believe that he wasn’t wanted, or that he was the cause of his parents’ divorce. Instead, he had always undertaken the old adage that ‘life is a bitch, and then you die,’ and cut away all of the psychological malarkey. He tried his hardest to not care if his parents wanted him. They were in their own little world, out of touch with humanity, preferring instead status and imitating sitcom families’ behavior. It was their goal to ensure Jaime’s idea of life was just as limited. It was apparently their responsibility to split him apart so that he had no bearings, ever. But Jaime was just along for the ride; an outside observer who could find the humor in his family while enjoying the material perks. He liked to think he stepped outside the bubble, and walked right into a world with no romanticism, no psychobabble. Not so jaded that he shunned the world completely like the goth classmates he taunted with his few friends, but jaded enough to express his rage effectively without becoming a victim of the stupid world. Apparently, no matter what he said or did, he was a part of it all whether or not he was willing to be. 


He considered calling his mother to get directions, or just to tell her he wasn’t coming. Instead, he sat. He became extremely tired, nearing sleep. His phone rang and rang, but he didn’t bother to check if it was his mother, and it didn’t occur to him to just turn off the phone. He just sat and smoked cigarettes, leaving the butts around the tree. Finally, he checked his phone for the time: 11:30p.m. “Shit,” he said aloud. “Watch your language,” he heard a familiar voice demand. “Why are you sitting out here?” 
It was his mother. 
He could sense that she didn’t know what to say. She assumed that something must be terribly wrong, but she couldn’t be sure. So she decided to do what she never did, and feel her son out before deciding to get angry. 
“I couldn’t find the house,” Jaime said quietly. 
“That’s the most ridiculous thing I ever heard,” his mother said, also eerily quiet. 
“Everything looks the same out here.” 
His mother considered that. “I guess it does, doesn’t it?” She was trying to coax him into something, Jaime could tell. “Well, it’s not that late, just 10:30. There’s still some people I want you to meet.” 
“It’s 11:30,” Jaime said. 
“Hon, you didn’t set your clock back like I asked. Time zones, remember? It’s 10:30.” 
It was only a few steps to the house, and Jaime could feel his insides start to rumble. He started to sweat again, and the skin on his chest was noticeably tighter. 
“Just breathe deep,” his mother said, not looking at him. “You’re not used to the elevation. It’ll give you a headache, breathing like that.” 
They reached the house, which Jaime had never seen at night. The enormous glass panels were glowing. Every light was on in the dining room, and it bounced off the golden paint. It was terribly bright, and though the color was soothing, it made Jaime’s eyes damn-near dilate. He started to panic. He tried not to let it show on his face, but he failed. 
“You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” his mother said. “Relax, they’re our kind of people. Nothing to be scared of.” He held his breath, and met the small, smiling crowd of people.
“Have you been hiking?” Mrs. Masters observed the film of sweat under Jaime’s bangs. 
Jaime noticed that she had a few too many teeth. When she smiled, their whiteness flickered light into Jaime’s face like a disco ball. 
“Yes,” his mother said, patting his forehead like someone would an infant. “He got lost.” She gave the crowd of people a cutesy smile, and turned to Jaime. “Not used to the outdoors, are ya’ honey?” She paused to see if her friends were inquisitive enough to continue on that thought. As predicted, she followed with, “Jaime’s in from Nashville.” Mrs. Masters gave a polite “Ooh.” Jaime rolled his eyes, and his mother looked pleased. 
“Well, welcome to our neck of the woods,” Mr. Masters sipped from his mug and slightly grinned. Jaime noticed a young man in the corner of the living room. He was a few years older than Jaime, no older than twenty-one. He exuded the plain wheat dullness that everyone else seemed to, only a little bit nervous or bored, Jaime couldn’t put his finger on it, and his presence seemed odd. He seemed out-of-place. 
“That’s our son, Kevin,” Mr. Masters chimed in. “Say hello, Kevin.” Kevin waved. 
After making pleasantries with the Masters, he went to the den to watch television and eat the store-bought pastries he had stolen from the table in the foyer. He had hoped that he would sit uninterrupted, but usually he hopes for too much. He heard a light knock on the door panel, and he turned to face Ms. Master’s congenial expression. 
“Do you know where your mother might have gone?” She asked. “She kind of disappeared and—“ 
Ms. Masters turned around suddenly as Jaime’s mother touched her shoulder. 
“Oh! There you are. Have you seen Kevin?” Ms. Masters looked perplexed and uncomfortable. Jaime’s intuition told him that she didn’t fully trust his mother, who was leaning a bit from several glasses of 
wine and towering over Ms. Master’s perm. Jaime wondered if Ms. Masters was the invitee or a guest of the invitee. 
“Kevin walked home. Didn’t he tell you?” Ms. Masters tried not to look at the vanilla-colored fingernails that Jaime’s mother flailed while speaking. Jaime agreed that they looked ridiculous. 
As soon as that was settled, Jaime’s mother rushed Mr. and Ms. Masters out of the door. “You guys should visit more often!” she said, practically slamming the door on their heels. A few seconds later, a shirtless 
Kevin walked by the den and reflexively made eye contact with Jaime. 
He stopped, though Jaime could tell that he didn’t want to. “Whatcha’ watching?” Kevin asked, stammering. Jaime felt an intense cycling heat from his gut to his head and then back again. 
Usually in these situations, his brain fried on an overdose of sweaty adrenaline like a crashing computer or a dry-jointed machine. But in this instance, for reasons unknown to him, he had a clear emotion— rage—and had a clear, smooth, streamlined fantasy of redemption. 
Perhaps the prospect of living in the abyss known as Wyoming left him feeling like he had nothing to lose, and made him impervious to anxiety. His sudden internal animation surprised him, and pleased him. Realizing he should not waste this opportunity, he explored his options carefully. Should he kick Kevin’s ass? Maybe if he concentrated hard enough, Jerry Winkler might feel it. 
Should he kill him? Kill her? 
He was certainly mad enough to, and was enjoying this emotion immensely. In yet another involuntary flash of introspection, he wondered what it might feel like to thrust this sensation to climax, Kevin’s shattered face leaving a disgusting, satisfying mess on the marble. 
He imagined Kevin begging Jaime to stop, his scruffy goatee and long hair matted with blood. He imagined his drunken mother’s snarl, her challenging him to do it, to pull the trigger, he doesn’t have the guts. He knew how outlandish these options were, as they would most likely solve nothing. Furthermore, they wouldn’t go how he imagined they would; nothing ever did.
After he decided how he would handle this situation, he gave Kevin a final, psychic signal to wipe that stupid smirk off of his face; a dire warning. Kevin didn’t heed to this signal. 
Jaime’s blood boiled pure, and he looked away from Kevin, waiting for him to leave, hoping to savor this slow internal burn in peace. 
When he didn’t leave, Jaime relaxed his vocal chords to warn this cretin one last time. 
“If I ever see you again, I will tell your parents. You will wish you had never been born. I may hurt, possibly kill you, if you do not leave my sight right now. Do you get me?” 
Kevin laughed nervously as if he hadn’t a clue what Jaime was referring to. Kevin had asked a simple question about television, hoping Jaime would allow them both to pretend it was a secret that he was 
fucking his mother. 
Jaime pointed his glare, with the intent of making Kevin scared for his life. 
“Do you fucking get me, Kevin?” Jaime growled demonically. Kevin left slowly, trying to appear as collected as he could. 
Jaime fell asleep in the black leather swivel, after his spark had cooled. At some point in the night, his mother removed his shoes and placed an old blanket onto his torso. 
When he woke, he felt hung over and tired and immediately wanted to go back to sleep, but was sure 
it was noon, at the earliest. He staggered into the kitchen to find his mother asleep at the counter. There were eggs burning in the skillet, filling the place with smoke. He rushed them over to the faucet, the resulting smolder loud and inconsiderate of the intense throb he had between his ears. His mother woke clumsily, whipping her messy mop of hair from the countertop, her eyes groggy and still covered in makeup, and her squint evidencing a dull ache. This jarring image, to Jaime, made her polished, detached demeanor look scuffed and raw. He saw how fragile the woman’s equilibrium actually was. In one of those flashes, he imagined how clingy a lover, sister, or daughter she may have been at his age. 
She was dependent on men and on love. She fucks the breakfast up on purpose.
As she got up to make coffee, Jaime wondered if she had the same disillusionment that he had, and he also wondered if her behavior was a better way of dealing with that disappointment. Most of all, he won- 
dered why he never understood something so obvious. If this had been simply shown to him, he may have rejected it as babble. Getting a glimpse of his mother in this way made him feel needed. 
“God, what time is it?” Jaime’s mother slurred, focused only on not spilling the coffee, her back to him. 
“I dunno,” Jaime said, picking up the previous day’s newspaper. “Not too late.”

THE PROTEST
Profiles 
The Lonely Protestor Bobby Faust vs. Father Redmond of Hawthorn Baptist Church
By JP Andrews July 1, 2014 
On August 19, 2013, Harold Redmond, pastor for the controversial and increasingly infamous Hawthorn Baptist Church, made a phone call to Bobby Faust. Bleary-voiced, but with a sort of hopped up tremor at 1a.m. “We need you, Bobby,” Father Redmond said, near sobs. “God needs you. I need you. Please come back.” 
The tiny town of Hawthorn, Missouri, population 575 as of 2010, has never been so embattled as it is now. Father Redmond is the mayor of Hawthorn, taking Bobby’s father Jerry’s seat. This is the first time in over 100 years that the mayor’s seat was not run unopposed. As Bobby saw it, the rural Missouri church’s increasing public spectacle, coupled with what Faust saw as a betrayal of his father—a family friend, became grounds for resignation of membership. He said, “I never considered myself a particularly religious person. In fact, these days, I’m closer to an atheist. But in Hawthorn, church is family, and family is church. You don’t hurt family.”
Faust is surprisingly cavalier about defecting from the church that so many have labeled a cult. He claims to not know much about the accusations of fraud and drug operations, and suggests that his decision to leave was more personal than moral. Although he is decidedly aloof regarding the alleged corruption of Hawthorn Baptist church, he was a lifetime member, getting Baptized there in 1987, at the age of two.  
In spite of his casual cynicism, he has not been silent. He recently blogged for ManChild New York—a sort of op-ed for a liberal site, known for skepticism of media conglomerates, politicians, and the establishment in general. It tends to treat all public figures with the same fascination and repulsion many people have for Hollywood actors. No one is spared from gossip, and ManChild New York became interested in Hawthorn Baptist Church shortly after its most famous member—troubled actor Brandon Bennett-- disappeared briefly in 2009. 
Bobby has since spoken with every media outlet, from Fox News to the Huffington Post, who are mostly interested not in Bobby’s story, but Hawthorn’s connection to another controversial Midwestern church, the Westboro Baptist Church. He seems to understand what they want, which is soundbytes that are remarkably similar, and reflects on them with media savvy that belies his objective stance on the church’s operations. “They didn’t want to know about drug trafficking, they didn’t want to know about the Church’s income last year, which was ridiculous when you think about how small it is,” he said. “They hinted at it, leading questions off with ‘with their alleged IRS-dodging tactics,’ but mostly they focused on the gay-bashing and their connection to Westboro. There’s a much bigger issue here, with Hawthorn. But it’s like they’re building up to it. It’s like, ‘First America’s gotta know that Hawthorn exists, then we can break the biggie stories.’ It’s kinda gross. It’s almost like they’re working publicity for Hawthorn. The weird thing is, Father Redmond always seemed to hate attention. But knowing him, there’s a plan in place. He’s creeping up on you guys.”
Father Redmond is no slice of bologna. Hailing from Nashville, Tennessee, his ex-wife is the head of Eye of the Needle Music Group, a Christian Rock record label bought by Capital Records in 2005.  Before entering the ministry, he was CEO of the company, and upon his divorce and resignation, was promptly awarded an undisclosed settlement, which is rumored to be in the low millions. He had a son, Eric, during his second marriage, but many in Hawthorn quietly doubt that he is a product of either marriage. “People talk, you know. Even in such a controlled atmosphere. They talk,” Bobby Faust says. “And Father Redmond is a known adulterer. That kid’s got problems.”
In his op-ed for ManChild New York, Faust wrote, “Eric Redmond’s real mother was rumored to be a Nashville prostitute ordered off of an internet dating site, and Eric has definitely inherited his mother’s probable drug problem and mental illness. Or maybe Father Redmond molded them himself.” Rambling strangely, “I don’t want to get too specific, and in fact I’m talking too much now, but I wish a real journalist would investigate what Father Redmond has single-handedly done to the once not-unpleasant town of Hawthorn, Missouri. It’s a town of ghouls and zombies.” Father Redmond has only formally responded to anything said about him in the media once—to this op-ed. “I don’t know where to begin with Mr. Faust’s so-called article. If he wrote it, you can bet it’s not true. This is a badly-executed retaliation from a known liar, drug addict and reported homosexual.” 
“At first, I was surprised he even read it,” Faust said. “He preached about the evils of the internet many times. Hawthorn Baptist doesn’t have a website. But now that I think about it, it doesn’t surprise me that he did.” As for Redmond’s allegations, Faust simply replied, “Used to be true, true, definitely false.” 
The recent boom in Methamphetamine use in the Midwest is no secret, particularly in Southern Missouri. A nickname for Meth in Hawthorn’s area is “417”, the area code for much of Southwest Missouri. A little more than 10 years ago, Glamour Magazine featured the Southeast Missouri town of Sikeston, and named it, somewhat sensationally, the “Meth Capital of the World”. Strangely, Hawthorn had remained unscathed by the Meth epidemic, until about four years ago. Conspiracy theorists and message board users on topix—an anonymous board for small-town citizens to gossip about their neighbors, have connected the arrival of Father Redmond with the boom in Meth use. Bobby Faust seems uncomfortable with this line of thought. “Redmond’s not innocent, let’s put it that way,” he offered, declining to discuss it further. He did imply that Redmond’s son, Eric, was a notorious drug addict and that for some strange reason, Father Redmond ignored the problem, and was hostile to anyone who brought it to his attention. “Every Sunday service, prayer requests are called for,” Faust said. “One morning, Eric’s aunt Tina said something like, ‘Please pray for Eric, that he is cured of his illness.’ Eric was never at church, as long as I could remember. Redmond got real red-faced, and one of the Ushers whispered into her ear. She wasn’t escorted out or anything, but she never came back after that.’” Tina, seemingly ostracized from the church, became mostly isolated. “We weren’t told to stay away from her or anything, but she was gossiped about something fierce,” Faust remembered. “Horrible things that probably weren’t true; a game of telephone, really. Eventually we never saw her at the post office or anything. Then about a month later she got a job offer in Springfield, and blew out of Hawthorn.” That was the first time, Faust said, he became acutely aware of the quiet control Father Redmond had over the town. “It was a weird feeling. It was the first time the word ‘cult’ entered my mind. I couldn’t think of it any other way after that.”
After Tina’s departure from Hawthorn, virtually everyone in Hawthorn was put on the church’s mailing list for a monthly newsletter, Hawthorn Times. Tabloid esque headlines splashed across the front page, most often with a celebrity or politician that Redmond deemed a target, usually on account of so-called perversion or liberal politics. ‘Lesbian Lohan Makes no Apologies for Demonic Behavior!!!’ one headline read, with a tweet-length blurb. Even Brandon Bennett, Hawthorn’s other claim to fame, was not spared. ‘Possessed Bennett: Rehab Can’t Save Me Now!’ It read. 
“I had a serious problem with that,” Faust said. “I went to middle school with Brandon, shortly before his family moved him to L.A. We were all so proud of him when he got famous, and a lot of people didn’t like Redmond tearing him down. He was one of ours. Redmond didn’t even know him.” On topix, and eventually talk in the town, suggested that Redmond actually did know Brandon and his mother, and was instrumental in getting him an agent in Nashville. “I don’t know anything about that,” Faust said.  
Brandon Bennett, in an interview with Howard Stern, laughed off the church when he was asked about Father Redmond. “So who’s this kooky pastor from your town? You know anything about him? People are saying he knew your mom, in Nashville,” Stern asked him. Bennett said simply, “My mom knew a lot of people. She would have set herself on fire to get me an audition with Nickelodeon.” Stern pressed, “So you never went to this church…what is it, this Baptist Church?” Brandon flatly replied, “I was born in that town. You don’t exist in Hawthorn unless your family is in church. But this asshole was not there when I was,” Bennett said. “To answer your question, it’s possible my mom knew him, but as far as I know, I’ve never met him.” 
In his Op-Ed for ManChild New York, Bobby Faust said he considered himself an agnostic since age 18. It started with a simple google search. 
He had broken the ‘no internet’ rule by going to the library in the nearby town of Oak Tree Bluff, and started reading topix, which he had heard about from one of his friends. “Some of these posts were alarming to me, because they were obviously written by people I knew, and they were saying some pretty horrible things.” One topix user, whom Faust says he’s friends with, claimed that an unnamed teenage boy, we’ll call him Darrin, sold drugs for Father Redmond. “It didn’t say ‘to’, it said ‘for’,” Faust said. “Selling ‘to’ Redmond would make sense to me, because the man is off his nut. But ‘for’? That one word made me physically ill.” Another replied to this post: “Redmond’s his pimp! If you’ve ever seen the T.V. show Cops, you know that pimps get their hookers on drugs. Control. Duh!”   
Faust said he was most disturbed by the fact that these people seemed to keep attending church every Sunday, despite knowing these things about the pastor. “I had never known anyone to gossip, or back-bite. That was the thing that killed me at first: The gossip. I didn’t even entertain the thought that the things being said could be true. It was kind of funny, though, because they thought they were anonymous,” Bobby said. “In fact, I figured out who most of the five-or-so posters are just by the way they wrote, so I know they show up every Sunday and Wednesday. I have to wonder why,” he said. “Of course, they’re all tweakers—every single one of them. So I guess there’s my answer.” Most of the posts were gleefully catty, and nothing more. “Did you see Father Redmond’s brow today? Sweaty pig,” one user posted, in a typically-gossipy thread. “His face looked like a glazed ham.”
His online investigating prompted him to tell his parents what he had found. Unsurprisingly, his father, who had, for all purposes, been betrayed by Redmond, wasn’t interested in what Bobby had found, but that he had gone against orders and surfed the web. “That was the last ass-whooping I ever took from my father. I was 16 years old, getting beaten by a belt for what I saw as looking out for my family and my town,” Faust said. “I figured that he wouldn’t necessarily believe what I found—I didn’t. But he had an axe to grind. Not only that, but wouldn’t you at least want to look into something this serious? This was serious. 
“I was thinking, what are you, brainwashed? Does he have something on you? I saw my dad as a little bitch. I couldn’t even look at him after that.”  Bobby Faust ran away from home two days later.
The Hawthorn Sherriff, Clay Hamm, found Bobby sitting under an overpass on Highway 60, smoking weed with Darrin--the unnamed teenage boy said to be a drug dealer and prostitute on the topix board--while coming home from a dinner date with his wife. Bobby was picked up, and brought back to his parents’ house. “I was kind of relieved,” he said. “I was hungry, and I’m not really built for survival without a roof.” But what really struck him about this encounter was that Sherriff Hamm wasn’t interested in picking up Darrin. In fact, when asked why he didn’t give Darrin a ride, Sherriff Hamm snapped, “He does this shit all the time. He’ll be fine. Your parents asked me to find you. Darrin’s none of your business, and you shouldn’t be hanging out with him.”
“Darrin wasn’t pissed,” Bobby said. “He seemed to just have an understanding that he was not to be picked up. He waved goodbye as we drove off. He was smiling. It was kind of weird.” 
“So after that,” Faust continued, “I doubted my own mind about the whole thing. It was just too weird…it was surreal, the way people were acting. But that Darrin was some sort of drug mule for Father Redmond was just too weird to be believed.” Faust can’t bring himself to go there, even now. “I still just don’t believe it,” he said. “I mean, [do I think they] sat by and watched this boy go downhill, maybe turned a blind eye? I absolutely can buy that. But to think this dumbass [Redmond] can pull off a big drug operation, and the whole town goes along with it, or doesn’t know? Nah, no way. Not to mention child prostitution? It’s a neat story, but there’s no way.” 
Once Bobby Faust was back in his parents’ house, he wasn’t disciplined. For about three days, it wasn’t mentioned. Neither was anything else. “I got the silent treatment. Or what I thought was the silent treatment. The whooping I got from my dad was the last time he has spoken to me,” Faust says. “It’s been about two years—the last words my father said to me were ‘bend over.’” Faust hesitated, seemingly to hold back tears. “Talk about fucked up.”
On the third day of eerie silence, his mother coldly told Bobby to get in the van. “I thought about telling her no, but I had a bad feeling about what would happen if I did,” he said. “These were the first words she had said to me since I came back. I thought it best to just do as I was told. 
“I got the feeling something fucked up was about to happen, but I had no control over it. I thought ‘Okay, I’ll just take my punishment, whatever it is’. I thought the worst case scenario was a lecture from Father Redmond. This whole thing was because of him. My intuition was right, in a way.”
Bobby was carted to Father Redmond’s office. They weren’t alone. There were two men there he didn’t recognize. One of them was an older man dressed in a suit, who didn’t look up from his computer once, and who was typing every time Bobby said anything. The other man was tall—over six feet, standing at the back of the room with his arms crossed, staring hard in Bobby’s eyes, rarely blinking. “I thought, ‘Okay, this is that bouncer from the [local bar]. And he’s gonna fuck me up if I don’t do whatever it is I’m here to do,’” Bobby said. “All that crap I had heard and read online was in the back of my mind, I’m not gonna lie.”
“He looked me in the eye, and said, in a real sad voice, ‘I’m really disappointed in you, Bobby,’” Bobby recalls. “And I said, ‘for what?’ He sighed, and I thought he was being kinda phony, like this was scripted.”
“He said he wanted to send me to this place in Springfield, this sort of Job Corp place, but religious. I told him he was full of shit. That’s when he told me I couldn’t go home, that my parents gave him control of this decision.”
“I started to ask if they made it official, on paper, through the courts or whatever. Then I realized it didn’t matter that much. So I just said, fine, I’m not going home, but I’m sure as shit not going to some group boys’ home or whatever. Not one he was involved with.”
Harold Redmond, unlike the spokespeople of the Westboro Baptist Church, did not court media attention. On the contrary, Redmond is known as a bit of a recluse, shunning even local media. He has, so far, refused all requests for interviews, and when the local paper wanted to profile Hawthorn Baptist Church for a series of features on local churches and non-profits, he agreed—with a truckload of conditions. The editor of the Springfield Sentinel, Jane Marley, says that what was to be a fluff piece meant to bring exposure to Hawthorn, became a nightmare. “I don’t usually get involved with reporters’ pieces until difficulties arise. So mostly I don’t even see them until there’s a draft on my desk, especially ones such as this,” Marley said. “But after he had turned in the necessary paperwork to get this story started, it became a daily barrage of voice mails that were increasingly bizarre.” 
Marley recalls her phone going off in the middle of the night on several occasions. “I’d wake up and look at my phone and realize it had been Redmond calling me. Sometimes three or four times. Sometimes at two o’clock in the morning.” As for what he could possibly want at such an hour, Marley seemed exasperated while talking about it. “The thing is, at first it was the most inane things; the photograph we’d use, for example, or certain church-related events we could promote.” When she didn’t return his calls within 24 hours, he got irate. “I have messages from Mr. Redmond that are just vile. Vile. Name-calling. Profanity. Accusing the paper of a conspiracy against Hawthorn Baptist. Extremely paranoid ramblings, at times,” Marley said. “I just told the reporter, who was a sophomore in college, to forget it, I wasn’t going to put her through that.” Marley chuckled a bit. “Unless she wanted to do a completely different story. In the end, I thought it better to just leave Redmond alone.” Marley paused for a second. “I did think about calling a hospital, though. Maybe I should have.” 
“I don’t know if Father Redmond is on drugs,” Bobby Faust says. “I do know he is batshit insane, for one reason or another.”
Ironically, what Bobby Faust is most known for condemning, he wasn’t around to see. “The Westboro comparisons started after I was kicked out. I know from other people that Father Redmond started corresponding with Shirley Phelps around 2006 or 2007,” Faust says. “I think what Redmond saw in Westboro Baptist Church was a good business model. People think the two churches actually believe the shit they say on those signs. To me, as far as I can see, it’s a racket.”
It has long been suggested that the protests that have made Westboro Baptist Church infamous are nothing more than a scam to the system. Bobby seems to think that’s what attracted Redmond to WBC, not the ideology. “Think about it. No one ever talks about the gazillion law suits both churches have been involved with,” he says, becoming more animated as he tries to collect his thoughts. “They are their own lawyers. Every time someone tries to stop them from protesting, or assaults them in some way—it happens,” he calms himself mid-sentence. “It’s a payday.” He shakes his head. “The best thing you can do with Westboro is ignore them. But the best thing you could do with Hawthorn is to start paying attention. Knowing Redmond, this is just a phase in a crazy, fucked up plan.”
In his ManChild article, Faust said, “To ignore Hawthorn the way some people say you should ignore Westboro, is to ignore the dilapidation of an entire town. Redmond wants you to go away, to let him work in the dark. The sad thing is, America forgets easily. As Pat Robertson was a viable candidate for President, so could Harold Redmond. The only difference is, Redmond’s cunning enough to shun the spotlight when he needs to, and to manipulate it according to plans.” A ManChild commenter doubted his theory: “I’m not doubting the egotism of this fuckwad. All cult leaders are egotistical. But to say that a military funeral protestor holding up inflammatory signs…ripping a page straight out of the famewhore manual, is shunning the spotlight? It doesn’t add up.” Bobby responded, “His plan is more complicated than you can imagine. There are things I don’t understand. What you have to remember is that you are not dealing with someone who has a firm grip on reality. You have someone who thinks he can, and has the right, to create a reality all his own. Sometimes he makes sense, and seems at himself. During one of his episodes, though, he thinks he is God, though he’d never say that out loud. And the Bible says the Lord works in mysterious ways.” 
“What people don’t get,” Bobby says, “is that this is not a cult, in the religious sense. They use that word but they don’t know what it means.” 
After all, the beliefs spouted by both churches can be found in black-and-white, right there in the Bible. One has to wonder if they aren’t turning more people away from Christianity, than they are attracting them. “Doesn’t matter,” Bobby Faust says. “It’s not about converting people. Redmond wants to get a good grip on the town of Hawthorn. That’s all he needs right now.” He seems to suggest that Redmond has a nefarious plan that reaches beyond Hawthorn. “I’m not saying that. I’m not giving credence to any conspiracy theories. I won’t give him that much credit,” Faust says. “I will go so far as this though: Westboro Baptist Church are universally hated. The Phelps family may be brainwashed, I don’t know, but that’s as far as it goes. Hawthorn Baptist Church is the centerpiece for an entire town. Redmond essentially controls an entire town’s economy, and has the affection of most people in town. In his mind, he owns them, and he’s well on his way. Westboro, as well-known as they are, can’t claim that. That’s not their goal.”
“This could be a Kool-Aid-Nike situation, it could turn into that,” Faust says. “The thing is, Redmond’s erratic and no one knows exactly what comes next. And I can guarantee that hardly anyone in Hawthorn is even aware that anything’s going on…even now, if you were to ask them.”
The disconnect between Bobby Faust’s vigilance and his hesitation to admit to a conspiracy, suggests that he’s still sorting this out for himself. He seems vacant; not in the sense that he’s a superficial man, but in the sense that everything inside of him has been drained. He’s 19, but unshaven, tired and with weary eyes, he could pass for years older.
“I’ll be honest with you,” he says, “This whole thing has really sucked me dry. I’m exhausted.”
The moment Bobby rejected Redmond’s “offer”, he regretted it. “I mean, fuck, at least I’d have a roof over my head,” Bobby says. “Sometimes I would gladly take anal probes or electroshock or whatever, over this,” he says, half-jokingly. “At least I’d get free food, even if they put lithium in the meat loaf.” 
It’s understandable that Bobby would second-guess himself. Since the incident, he says, he’s been mostly homeless. “Whenever I talk to T.V. media, I usually try to travel to them and ask for accomodations.”
ManChild New York disclosed their compensation to Bobby when the article was posted, though they didn’t say what they offered Bobby. “First class tickets to New York, and a free week in an extended stay in Brooklyn for writing the article, then first class tickets to Lambert Airport and another week in an extended stay, in exchange for a photo op of me ‘confronting’ Redmond with a megaphone outside a Lady GaGa concert in St. Louis,” Faust claims. “I could have done the whole thing from where I was, but I decided to make demands.” Why did they send him to Saint Louis, I ask. “I think they thought it was close to where I lived. Really, I had never been to St. Louis before.” As for his confrontation with Redmond, “Westboro was there too. No one cared about Hawthorn Baptist Church, and I doubt Redmond even heard me, there was so much commotion.” And then, “that video they made as part of the article was kind of bullshit.” 
Bobby’s defection wasn’t without commotion within the community, however. Since he has left, he says, he has received a variety of correspondence. “Ironically, mostly via e-mail,” he says, letting himself grin. “Everything from e-mails saying ‘you have hurt this community more than you will ever know’, to a voice mail from Eric’s aunt Tina saying ‘I’m glad you got out when you did, that town would eat a nice boy like you alive,’ to death threats,” Faust says, frighteningly matter-of-fact. “In all, I’ve gotten about ten reach-outs from people in the community.” Which was surprising, he says, considering how much of the community has chosen to isolate themselves from the media. “Of course, I never reply, so they may just be referring to my leaving, I’m not sure.” When I asked if Darrin was one of those people who reached out to him, Faust said simply, “I don’t know.” 
To Bobby’s friends and family, his resignation, if you prefer to label it that, from the Church clearly felt like abandonment. The elderly citizens and relatives were particularly taken aback. “My Great Aunt is someone I miss very much,” Bobby says. “She died while I was away, and we loved each other very much. I don’t feel that way about a lot of family members, but she was very pure. I hope that if there’s an afterlife, she forgives me.”
“I would crash on couches here and there, and I’d still get calls from Redmond for the first few weeks, begging me to come back,” Bobby says. “That’s what he does. He’s nice at first, then he’ll make himself out to be the victim. The longer you ignore him, the crazier he gets. By the end of it, he was telling me about my Great Aunt asking where I was, telling me that I hurt her, and calling me a traitor to my community.” He again holds back tears. “It’s bullshit. Complete nonsense. I have to believe he’s lying.”
This past February, I met Faust in New York. He was in the midst of a self-imposed media blitz. “I barely remember meeting you, I met so many assholes in suits,” Bobby says at a later meeting, laughing. “I do remember you, though, because you were dressed kinda like me—like a bum.” We met in a coffee shop in Brooklyn. He sat at a table in a lonely corner, his sunglasses on, as if he were either hung over or in hiding. He is a good-looking kid, with a chin-strap beard, unkempt hair tamed by a Farm-Tek baseball cap, incandescent grey eyes, and a prominent scar over his right eye, interrupting his wild brow. At the time, he seemed jittery but tired, almost strung-out on energy, but his droopy mouth suggested he was severely dopamine-starved.
He was approaching 19, and was preparing for what seemed like a significant appointment at the time, an interview with Sean Hannity. It seemed like an odd, out-of-the-blue interview for a major network, but Hannity had spent almost a whole week battling with Shirley Phelps of the Westboro Baptist Church, and Hannity had seen Bobby’s Op-Ed in ManChild New York. “It was pretty much a last minute call,” Bobby said. Gabe Law, the editor for ManChild, was contacted by Fox and had asked for Faust’s room phone number. “It was weird. I don’t have a cell phone, and they just called the room as if they were calling my home, which I guess it was my home, for the week.” 
Law says it was probably uncouth to just give them his number, but figured this was a special case. “Having the pleasure of talking with him for a few hours, I could tell that this kid had nowhere to go. As much as I despise Fox, I figured that Bobby would probably finagle some sort of arrangement for himself, which he did,” Gabe said, chuckling. 
For a kid from the backwoods of Missouri, Bobby has proven to be incredibly resilient. “That’s part of a Missourian’s identity,” he says with faint pride. “We’re stubborn as mules. We don’t give up, especially when we’re trying to get even.”
While we were chatting about Bobby’s new life in New York, an attractive young female barista approached him. “Did I hear you say you were from Missouri?” She chirped, eyes batting. “Yes, Ma’am, I am,” Bobby said, obviously catching the signal. “What part?” She asked. “Hawthorn. Near Springfield.” 
“Oh, I’m from Blue Springs. We know all about Hawthorn,” She said, dubiously.
 Bobby immediately went guarded. 
“Can I get a job application?” He asked, polite but no longer smiling. The barista folded her arms. “Sure,” She said, walking away.
“More famous than you thought,” I offered.
“Doesn’t count. She’s from Missouri, too.”
I immediately noticed something about Bobby. He liked to believe that this will blow over, and that it’s no big deal—part modesty regarding his newfound oddball media celebrity status, and part dampening of the panic he feels, that this will get out of hand. He’s blunt and could probably be outspoken if he was comfortable, but he remains quiet; I can barely hear him sometimes when he talks.
The actor Brandon Bennett, who grew up with Bobby, describes him as cynical and funny, but simultaneously deathly serious. He remembers him in middle school, always at the back of the class. “He said nothing, hardly ever [spoke in class],” Brandon recalls, “But when he opened his mouth, the most perceptive shit came out, and hit me and the teacher like a truck. We called him ‘Prof’. Even our gym instructor started calling him that once he heard.” He was very smart, but distant from even his circle of friends, of which Brandon considered himself among. “We’d all go out drinking or whatever,” he says. “And he’d never want to come along, saying 12-year-olds shouldn’t drink because our brains were still growing,” Brandon said, bursting into laughter. “He always—always—did what was expected of him. He may not have taken church seriously, and if you got him alone he’d tell you that, but he sure as shit was there every Sunday and Wednesday. He respected authority. So I was proud of him when I read his article. He did what was right.” 
Brandon also told me in our phone conversation, that Bobby was welcome to crash at his place anytime, and asked me to relay that message to him. “That’s nice of him, but I haven’t really talked to Brandon in a long time. Plus, from what I hear, L.A.’s just a bigger version of Hawthorn.” 
Bobby told me that he was out of cigarettes, a habit he’d picked up very recently, and asked me to walk him to the nearest liquor store. On the way, I asked him if Hawthorn was as bad as the media had let on.
“It’s not a compound. There are no gates. You’re not monitored,” he said, looking over his shoulder as he walked. “Generally, people don’t give a shit who’s there and who’s not. If I were to go back today, I probably wouldn’t be found for, like, a week. It’s not a dangerous place to live, but it takes its toll. In a lot of ways, it’s no different from any other small town. It’s just suffocating, and Hawthorn Baptist Church is, if you were to ask most of its members, harmless.” 
Back at his room, he lit up, despite the fact that it was a nonsmoking room. “They don’t care. I smelled it in the hallway when I checked in.” I asked him what a typical church service is like. 
“Well, when I was there, it was actually pretty boring,” he said. “We stood for the songs, we sat for the sermon. Redmond was pretty calm for the first year or so,” he said. “Slowly, he crept up…he got more riled, and started talking in a ‘us versus them’ type of way. There were enemies: Politicians, homosexuals, Hollywood actors.” What started as general rants about liberal immorality, became almost a hyper-vigilance and paranoia. “He started using phrases a lot, like ‘taking action’, and ‘They want us’,” Bobby said. “He turned a conspiracy against God’s people into a conspiracy against Hawthorn.” Bobby doesn’t believe any of it, and sees it as performance. “I just don’t think he means it. It seemed phony and calculated to me,” he said. “My gut told me that something else was up with him. I was right.” This was a week after the ManChild exclusive was posted. As we sat in that dark, bland room, he seemed unnerved about something—possibly the repercussions of discussing Redmond so candidly, not that he had anything else to lose. But as Brandon Bennett mentioned, Bobby had the gift of insight, and he couldn’t keep quiet about it.
Bobby remembers himself differently than his classmate. “That was nice of Brandon to say,” he said. “But honestly, I’m not that smart.” He was born in 1992, and hardly left town for almost two decades.  His father, Charles, worked at a factory that made trailers. His mother, Esmeralda, a Pentecostal woman, became a Baptist after Bobby was born. “Pentecostal people usually don’t believe in television,” Bobby said. “I think dad got tired of hearing the news on the radio. He wanted to see the anchors.” He didn’t know if his mother had a problem with changing religions. “She never seemed that interested in her own identity,” he said. “She was very old-fashioned. They both were. What my dad said, went.” 
Bobby was a creative child, and he spent many nights sketching comic book characters. “I wasn’t allowed to read any comic book with profanity or super powers, because super powers were seen as magic,” Bobby said. “So that pretty much left Archie, Batman, and the Sunday Comics.” 
Though he had no disciplinary problems, he had extreme trouble concentrating. “I probably have ADD,” he says. “Or a learning disability. I can’t read for longer than five minutes without needing a beer.” His much older half-brother, Jonathon, was a model student. “Jon was always cool to me. He was in high school when I was in first grade, and he would help me with my homework. But he was gone most of my life.” He came back to Hawthorn to teach high school, but it wasn’t much of a reunion. “I left almost as soon as he came back. I just heard he died, like three weeks ago. Meth,” Bobby said, unemotional. “Thing is, I left sophomore year, and he ended up teaching sophomores, in my worst subject—math.” 
Bobby might have had attention problems, but he had a hyper-focus when it came to art. “Time would go by, man,” he said, “hours. I’d start drawing at 3:30, and I’d look at the clock and it’d be 3:30 again, and dark outside, and I wouldn’t remember the Sun going down.”  He’d sleep all day in class, sleeping through every day for weeks at a time. Somehow, he managed to pass every class, but barely.
His eighth grade final report card reflected a 1.0 average. His parents decided to home-school him for a short period. “Probably the dumbest thing my parents could have done,” Bobby says. “I learned nothing. My dad worked weird, long shifts, and my mom was passive. I just took advantage of her soft nature like you wouldn’t believe.” The next quarter, he was back in public school.
This was about the time Harold Redmond came to town, and church became a bigger focus of the Faust household. “Not just us, the whole town,” Bobby said. “I found it annoying, because all of the sudden I was expected to show up twice a week, no exceptions.” 
Harold Redmond was new, young blood. He had a politician’s charisma, a swirly Tennessee drawl, and the allure of a big-city outsider. “He was kind of a…big topic of conversation among the women, you could say,” Bobby said. “He took advantage of that, I’m sure.” 
Bobby was unimpressed. “I thought he was full of shit from the beginning,” he said. “Hate to say I told ya’ so, Hawthorn. I called it.” He saw his town quickly following Redmond’s lead. When Redmond preached about the evils of rock music, all CD’s were closely monitored by parents. When Redmond told horror stories about drugs, several parents removed the doors off the hinges of their children’s rooms. “My parents didn’t care enough to do that,” Bobby said. “I was the most boring kid ever…kind of a screw up, but no delinquent.” 
Bobby wasn’t keen on the Redmond family. Harold Redmond struck Bobby as a charlatan. But the other two members of the Redmond household had some strange idiosyncrasies.  Mary, Harold’s wife, was seen by some of Bobby’s classmates talking to herself in her car when picking Eric up. “I never saw it, but I believe it,” Bobby said. “She was a strange woman.” Mary wore strange clothes, which were strangely patterned in day-glo colors, and appeared to be hand-knitted. Then there was the son, Eric. “He was a tweaker, plain and simple,” Bobby said. “I don’t know how his parents didn’t know. Maybe they did and just ignored it.” What was really strange about Eric’s drug use, is that he didn’t hang out with the burn-outs at first, yet seemed to always be high. “I don’t know where he got the shit. Eventually, he took up with Darrin, as drug people always find other drug people. But as for where he got the shit when they first came into town, I have no clue. He was a complete hermit. I am sure he never left the house for the first two months. But at school, he was always a mess.” 
Being a couple years older than Eric, Bobby had limited experience with him—that is, until the Redmond and Faust family started mingling. 
“Our parents became friends, so we were expected to hang out,” Bobby said. “And I don’t want to bash Eric too much, because I feel bad for the kid and I don’t want to embarrass him.”
“One thing I can say about him, is that he seemed to really hate his father. So his compass wasn’t completely fucked.” Bobby says that almost every time Eric and Bobby hung out, Eric dropped subtle hints about drug use. “I eventually just told him, ‘Hey, dude, I’m not into that. What you do is none of my business, but I don’t touch that shit.’ He wasn’t as keen to be friends after that.”
Shortly after that, The Redmonds stopped calling The Fausts as much. The dinner invites became less frequent, then stopped all together.  “I didn’t really think anything of it,” Bobby recalls. “I figured I pissed Eric off, but there’s no way he told his parents why. I didn’t really pay attention, to be honest.” His parents brought it up a couple of times, seeming to be confused and a little hurt. The Redmonds starting having dinner with other families, though, and seemed to get on great with them. “The Redmond family—well, really Harold—was a cult of personality. I thought he tried way too hard to be liked. He was selling himself to the town.” Father Redmond also took a job as associate professor at Oak Tree Bluff Community College, where several Hawthorn residents took courses. “A lot of my friends’ older brothers and sisters took his Theology classes. They thought he was the coolest guy, and said they might start coming to church because they liked him as a teacher or wanted a better grade, or whatever,” Bobby said. 
So Hawthorn Baptist Chruch’s congregation doubled in size in the first year. Seemingly overnight, Hawthorn was revitalized by the Holy Spirit. Church became the cool thing to do among many teens. The adults in town found a new interest in socializing and fellowship. “There’s less than 600 people in Hawthorn, but before church got big, nobody really knew anyone, unless they were related. That changed a bit.”
Even Bobby got caught up in Redmond-Mania, for a while. “Yeah, I enjoyed going. I became a social butterfly for a hot minute,” he says with a light chuckle. He chalked his first impression of the Redmond family up to his tendency to judge. “When I first meet someone,” Faust told me, “I size ‘em up real closely. I pay attention to what they say, I look for little white lies. Everybody tells ‘em. I know I do. I thought I’d give ‘em another chance.”
Mother’s Day 2010, when Bobby was 18, he was tilling the yard. When he turned toward the dirt road, Eric and his father drove by, caught Bobby’s eye, and stopped. “They pulled up in the drive,” Bobby said. “Eric was rubbing his face, and sweating.” Father Redmond said, “Eric wants to work. Do you think your parents have anything for him to do?” Bobby, of course, thought it was strange, and said no. Redmond then said, “Your parents’ tithe was a little light last month,” and peeled out. 
“I don’t know, man,” Bobby said, shaking his head, “That’s just one example of them acting strange. I’ve got a million more for you, but trust me, you don’t have time.”
At school, several of Bobby’s classmates told a similar story of Redmond coming by, asking for money. “We came to the conclusion that he needed money bad, that he was desperate.
“He probably owed drug dealers, or was trying to cover what he lost at the casino before his wife found out,” Bobby says. “We came up with a bunch of stories, like he was in the mob or whatever…we laughed about it.”
He first heard about Father Redmond’s ties to the entertainment industry at a party in Oak Tree Bluff, from a girl who wanted to be a singer. “I told her where I was from, and her eyes lit up,” Bobby says. “She said, ‘oh, I’ve heard about him. Didn’t he discover Brandon Bennett? You should introduce us. I’ll sing gospel music, I don’t give a shit.’” 
Bobby laughed at her. “The weird shit about Redmond, it just kept coming, and getting weirder.” When he told his parents what he had heard, they looked at him like he was from another planet. “I doubt Father Redmond has any part in Hollywood,” his father said. He let it go.
The protests started shortly thereafter. It is widely thought that Hawthorn Baptist Church takes part in these protests as a unified front. “Not true,” Bobby says. “At least not initially.” 
Harold started corresponding with Shirley Phelps, the spokeswoman for Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka. The only thing is, no one in the church even knew about it. “Father Redmond became like, an honorary member, or something,” Bobby said. “If the congregation knew, they’d never go for it.”
Westboro Baptist Church is, in a way, like an exclusive, but anarchic club. They court media attention, but are often hostile to media outlets, using them to gain exposure but holding journalists and the establishment in contempt. “We are living in a damned world,” Shirley told Channel 4 documentarian Louis Theroux. “You people are all too willing to hurry the process. You’re talking to us because we are a sideshow to you. We’re talking to you because we want the truth to be told.” Westboro Baptist Church names homosexuality, and its increasing tolerance by mainstream society as the main cause for their scorched-earth philosophy. 
They are mostly known for carrying hateful signs at military funerals, which say things like “God Hates Fags”, and “Thank God for Dead Soldiers”. Recently, they’ve increased their focus on celebrities, showing up to gay-friendly pop artist Lady GaGa’s concerts in the Midwest, and publicly ridiculing the death of actor Heath Ledger, who starred in the iconic gay film Brokeback Mountain. 
But they’re also a family of attorneys, suing anyone who gets in their way by blocking a protest, or harassing or assaulting them. They often win. 
”And there’s your answer,” Bobby Faust says. “You want to know why Redmond took up with Westboro? It’s because of one thing. It’s why he does anything. Money.” It seems an odd scam for a man who shuns the spotlight. “Why else do it? He obviously didn’t want the church to know. I think as a con artist, he’s still finding his voice. He doesn’t think things through, but on the other hand, it’s worked out perfectly for him so far. So in a weird way, I think he gets into trouble only to pull himself out of it. Because everybody loves a good redemption story.” He reflects further. “But maybe he was trying to slowly recruit us for that fucked-up ideology. Maybe Hawthorn was supposed to be the next Westboro. I don’t know. Who knows.” 
The church did eventually find out about Harold Redmond’s ties to Westboro Baptist Church. One of the ladies in the congregation who volunteered to clean found a form letter from the church, “signed” by Shirley Phelps. Concerned, she passed it around to other members of the church. “My dad was the one who finally called up and said, ‘explain this shit.’ No one else wanted to do it.”
It turned out that Harold was seen by the church as a hanger-on, a sort of groupie. In an official statement to the New Yorker, Shirley Phelps said: “Harold Redmond was allowed to participate in our protests in Springfield, and St. Louis, MO in 2010. We have come to understand that he is a heretic, a fag-enabler and a probable drug addict. He should repent now to get right with God, but he was not, nor will he ever be, a member of Westboro Baptist Church.” Accusations of Harold Redmond being, as Shirley says, a “fag enabler” were not elaborated on. 
The Sunday after Bobby’s father confronted Redmond, he addressed it before the Sermon.  Bobby remembers Redmond that morning. He was sweaty and jittery. “Hopped up on something,” he says.
“It is true that I have made contact, and participated in, protests with Westboro Baptist Church,” Redmond read from a piece of paper as soon as he got to the pulpit. The congregation was silent. “I do not agree with everything they do, but we—our congregation—and Westboro, have one thing in common: As God’s people, we are under attack by Satan’s Spell.” 
“I couldn’t tell you what everyone else was thinking, but my eyes were rolling. Hard,” Bobby said. “He was doing a lot of talking without really saying anything. He kept going on and on about how he was God’s warrior, we all were warriors, and we were under attack. I was thinking, okay, that’s great, but what does that have to do with what you’re supposed to be addressing?” He did say something substantial that morning, however. He said he intended to keep protesting, but funerals of any kind were off-limits. Instead, they would protest the usual: Abortion clinics, picket lines. They would also protest events that came to nearby Springfield for concerts and conferences. “I expected him to come to church with his hat in his hand,” Bobby said. “He was caught, after all. But instead, he upped the ante. 
“I think some people in church had a problem with it. But, it’s such a tight-knit community, they didn’t say anything. Hawthorn Baptist lost a few members, but maybe some people felt they were outnumbered. I don’t know, but he was allowed to continue. If I had any say whatsoever, he would have been fired,” Bobby said.
That June, a list was pinned to the bulletin board in the foyer. “Join us for the protest at Black Oak Mountain Ampitheatre!” There was no description of what they were protesting, or a date. Still, there were almost twenty signatures. “I recognized some of them as Freshmen—kids in my class. Some younger,” Bobby said. “I wanted to ask them what they were thinking, protesting something they didn’t even know about. I didn’t, but I should have.” It turned out to be for a rap concert. “Just silly,” Bobby said.
The allure of being part of something is powerful for small-town kids. In July, Redmond announced in Sunday Service that he was offering pro=life education courses for teenagers at Oak Tree Bluff Community College, one evening a week. The cost: $100 for 13 courses.
“My mom thought it was a good idea, but my dad didn’t really trust Redmond at that point,” Bobby said. In fact, Mary Faust seemed to be taken, if not smitten, by Father Redmond. “She really stuck up for him. When he came to town, until I left, I think she spoke to my father more than she had my entire life up to that point,” Bobby said. “Usually something in reference to Redmond.”
One of those kids, I’ll call him Jay, told me that it was much more than a pro-life course. It didn’t take long—the first class, in fact—for Redmond to enter into a discussion about sex. Jay was uncomfortable, but the town’s parents didn’t seem to mind. “I think they were relieved, in a way,” Jay said. “I don’t think many of us had ‘the talk’ with our parents. Our town is real conservative like that.” The course went on at full speed, but less and less was it about abortion, or even birth control. Jay says that the most frequent topic of conversation was masturbation.
His explanation was pretty simple, and seemingly sensible. When a student brought up the fact that Redmond’s pro-life course has spun into a course about masturbation, Redmond explained that unwanted pregnancies start with sexual thoughts, and that in order to prevent teen pregnancy, sometimes the sin is worth it. “It was one of those things, like when a parent says, ‘I don’t want you to drink, but if you’re going to do it, do it in the house’. It was a mixed crowd. I just kind of thought he was a dirty old man.” Some students felt the same way: According to Jay, half of the students dropped out by week two.
Despite Redmond’s odd behavior and philosophies, he seemed popular. For many weeks, his family dined with all of the families in Hawthorn. “He seemed to only have dinner and cookouts with families with kids,” Bobby Faust told me. “Eric didn’t really have any friends. I’m sure he just wanted him to socialize, because I think his weirdness embarrassed Father Redmond.” Eric did gain some friends, Bobby says. “Drug friends,” he says. “There’s no two ways about it—Eric Redmond probably got several kids in town hooked on meth. All the kids in town knew he was on it, but the parents seemed oblivious, for whatever reason.” 
One person in town who grew increasingly weary of Redmond was Bobby’s father. “He always said that he thought Redmond could be a good salesman. That was his polite way of saying that he was full of shit,” Bobby said.  “I picked up on his bad vibes right away. I was relieved my dad eventually did too.” He had a reason to distrust Redmond: That Summer, re=election was coming up. Up until that point, Faust ran unopposed. Redmond announced in church that he was running for the seat. “A few people gasped,” Bobby said, laughing. “My dad had no reaction. He even shook Redmond’s hand after church and wished him luck. I could tell he was fuming, though.”
Starting the next week, you couldn’t drive down the main street in Hawthorn without seeing a “Harold Redmond for Mayor” sign in someone’s yard.  Bobby said that his father often drove past and said through a tense grin, “my reign is over.” Redmond started calling the Faust household once again. At first, Bobby’s father was incredulous and ignored the calls, but eventually they had them over for dinner. “He didn’t want any bad blood,” Bobby says. Over dinner, Redmond offered Mr. Faust a position in his “administration”. “I could tell it was all my dad could do to not fall over laughing,” Bobby told me. “Redmond acted like he was being elected president.” After a few seconds of silence, Mr. Faust inquired further. Redmond said, “We have an opportunity to make a difference in this town. We have more young people in this town than ever.” Faust’s response to this was, “what kind of salary are we talking about?” There was no salary, so Faust said he’d consider it, but never brought it up again.
Instead, he appointed Bobby’s mother Mary as a “youth ethics commissioner.” Since most children in Hawthorn filtered through the Baptist church, this basically meant she was a youth pastor, teaching Wednesday night class, and reporting to Redmond. “She took it way too seriously,” Bobby says. “We often asked her what was in her little ‘reports’ but she’d never tell us. The bottom line she would have done anything [Redmond] asked of her.” Her husband didn’t mind. In fact, he was glad she had something to occupy her time. “This was a real job,” Bobby says. “It’s not something she ever had before. I mean, she got paid and everything. That seemed a little off—he wasn’t prepared to pay my father for a similar job, but it gave her self-worth. So [my father and I] saw it as a good thing.” She and Redmond spent a lot of time together, and her behavior changed. She started injecting her opinions into the household conversations, something she never did. She started getting her hair done, and wore makeup for the first time since before Bobby was born. “Even I knew they were having an affair,” Bobby said. “It was so obvious that it was comical.” However, his father ignored it. “He was being cuckolded. I think he just didn’t know what to do. This was a city-folks problem, so it went under the rug.”
Darrin’s mother died Winter 2010. Not many women showed up to the funeral. “She had an affair with Redmond, and she had an affair with the pastor before him,” Bobby says. Half of the women in Hawthorn were probably sleeping with Redmond, he claimed. Many families were tense because of this, though to his knowledge, none of the affairs were ever brought to light.
Bobby and I took the Amtrak from New York to St. Louis, Missouri to do interviews with local media. Bobby said he doesn’t like to fly, and only does when necessary. “I don’t know why I don’t,” he says. “Flying’s not any more dangerous than driving, and I fucking love that.”  He is logical to a fault. How could one not be obsessed with reason after escaping Hawthorn Baptist Church? But Bobby’s fear of flying tells us more about him than he realizes. He maybe be fearless, but it’s his caution that might actually allow him to succeed in single-handedly dismantling a church that is built on a foundation of fear mongering, emotional abuse, and psychological terrorism. 

MR. BLACK MASSACRES THE PLANET   
In the Springtime several years ago, Daryl McAdams did a bad thing. He had enjoyed a record of hung juries and wrist-slaps until that point, riding high on a masterfully hidden petty crime spree.  He did a lot of bad things under the influence of frantically pinging hormones.  

He sold bad shit, and sold himself in the city.  He did vandalism biz, like spray-painting dicks on mailbox lids.  He couldn’t drive due to epilepsy or whatever, and so out of anger he’d pass the time on school bus rides by throwing pebbles out of his window, onto passing cars' windshields.  

He didn’t know what it felt like to be exposed.  He never had to deal with guilt.  He thought sometimes that he’d want to get caught so he’d stop doing all that shit. It was fun but he couldn’t keep it up forever. Selling cock to old lonely women (and the occasional man, if he felt sorry for him or if he was harmless, or if he was willing to pay more) expired at around age 21, probably. Supply and demand, you know. 
So anyway, he had been so careful in covering his tracks, and no one talked about it outside their homes, because who exactly in Hawthorn wanted to be known as the cunt who buys drugs, or cock, from a kid? Many did, and many knew who did, but that doesn’t matter because no one brought it to anyone else’s attention.
Most of all, church members knew. Daddy Redmond was a customer, the old decepticon fart, I know he was for a fact. He was before Daryl squirted out, and he was after Daryl blasted off. Some people in town said Daddy got Daryl on the shit and showed him what to do. I got mine for free. 

Sometimes it seemed the entire town was into the 417. People you wouldn’t expect, though if you lived in Hawthorn long enough you’d just expect everyone to be. It was in the water, and in the trees. Night owls pollinated; spread it around. A town of zombies, like that was in the script all along. We should be quarantined like The Krazies. 
Daryl’s brother Kenneth was a bagwhore for sure. He’d get spun out and go all Frankenstein on your house. And he’d kill somebody over it.
	I don’t think Daryl ever was a true tweaker. He seemed to be on a mission to destroy the town and get everybody on dope, or maybe I just justify it because he’s my friend.  Sometimes you’d run him at Cue n’ Brew, trolling around for newbs and notice that his eyes patterned a furious squint-and-release, in rhythm with his voice inflections and that he couldn’t keep still. Then other times you’d see him there and he’d be real angry and agitated and sweaty, like he was coming off of it, but at school and everywhere else he was chill. 

I personally don’t know how he could go through with fucking all those old scabs and pervs with him being glassed, I think I’d want to slow it down; go the opposite direction and eat a xanie or something. People would see him come in with nasty out-of-town women, and sometimes regulars, and sometimes he’d show up alone and leave with them. 

He didn’t care who saw him, really, but if he got with a dude it would have to be done in private, and was really dangerous because even hustlers get fag bashed even if they’re not gay.  I don’t really know where they met or how they met. There are parks in nearby towns. I guess they met there. Though I know for a fact he got with guys he already knew. Not many people know that high school teachers were sometimes regular customers. 

Mr. Black was fucking scary. He, out of every speed freak in town, made it the most obvious. He’d wander the county roads with no shirt, hairy paunch drooping from a hunched back. He couldn’t handle his shit and had to be thrown out of the gas station several times. Then, the next morning at school he’d always have it together, and teach us about Shakespeare with slicked-back hair and droopy hawk eyes, his mind a tin-can interrogation room from one of those melodramatic cop shows, if you fucked up.  I don’t know how he and Daryl hooked up, can’t imagine how it went down or how Black even broached the subject. The idea is crazy to me. Money’s money, and everything starts with an idea.

The only thing I can think of, is that Daryl always liked to write really terrible poetry. He’d come over, eyes fiery and a cigarette hanging out of his mouth, scribbling something on a piece of paper. “You think that would get me an A in Black’s class?” He’d say. I always said yes. Mr. Black never assigned poetry homework.

I never spied on Daryl, but Marcia Cruz did with her buddies. How I found out Black was Daryl’s customer was that Marcia found him going in and out of his house at night. Crazy ass bitch probably held up binoculars and everything. But anyway I believed her and asked Daryl about it. He got defensive but he admitted it. I don’t know exactly what he was buying besides dope, if anything. I don’t really want to know. But I probably know.

The night Black OD’d, Daryl stayed almost the whole night until Marcia went to bed at 1a.m. We don’t know when he left, but he probably watched Black die. The fucked up part was that Black’s kid was visiting and watching TeeVee the whole time.	

So for like the millionth time that month, the cops came to the McAdams residence. And for like the millionth time that month, no charges were filed. It was close though. Daryl was a “person of interest” according to the news. They never mentioned his name but, who else would it be? 
This is what I’m trying to convey through all these stories. This is a good example. Everyone’s got a task. Everyone is tasked with some form of sabotage. Maybe not sabotage, but a means to an end. I don’t know exactly, but if the town dies and everyone is an emotional slave or zombie in the process, so be it. I don’t think that They are trying to kill us, but if we don’t pass the test, we could die. 

Daryl was a victim, but Daryl was just getting initiated. Now he’s one of them, and carries on with the experiment. Do you understand what I’m trying to say?

I think Hawthorn is in twilight. It has wild, gray hair, and a bulb on the end of its nose with disgusting spider veins, like an old man who has seen too much. The weight is bearing down and, while not taking part, Hawthorn has acquiesced. This shit about Hawthorn doesn't really scare me, though, as I consider myself a pretty formidable opponent.  I don’t want to save Hawthorn. Nothing can really save it. We’re far too stupid. I just want you to know. You, out in left field. You, in the city. You people with educations. You people with intuition. Just, everyone. I hope you listen.
So anyway, of course people talked. They knew Black was a dead man for a while, but now there was a visible ripple in the pond. Everyone had to acknowledge the death and acknowledge how it happened. Newscasters talked about it. School administrators were interviewed. Since Mr. Black was an absentee member of Hawthorn Baptist Church, St. Louis and Kansas City media were all over it, then national media for a hot minute. 

Hawthorn Baptist Church had gained a nationwide reputation as a watered-down version of the infamous church in Kansas, which was mostly referred to as a cult. The difference between the two churches was that Daddy Redmond hated too much attention, because it had been demonstrated that a lot of attention brought no new members to the church in Kansas—it was proven to not be a smart move to court so much attention for such an inflammatory ideology, and it was his goal to capture the town’s respect, as well as its tithes. Hawthorn was to be a compound of mystical money. It was to be an indestructible ivory tower. If the world is laughing at him, that would make it difficult to maintain what he saw as his reign over Hawthorn. 

It had to be addressed, and that’s the only reason the people of Hawthorn expressed worry. People judged Daryl amongst themselves, but did not dare outwardly betray the tradition of quiet respect for the McAdams bloodline. 

As the media was yelling itself into a two-day fever, Hawthorn Baptist insisted on holding a small private funeral for Jonathon Black. Black's paper-pale corpse laid in the morgue while his family argued with Daddy Redmond.  

I think Dad wanted to keep the milk clean. If he relented about Black’s funeral, then the outside world has won. And more importantly, everyone watched the world win. 

In the end, Daddy Redmond did relent over to Black’s family. They were angry, and, Dad thought, litigious. No more news coverage. And that was the end of that.

Daryl dropped off the face of the earth for a while. He disappeared even longer than when his own mother died. He didn’t return phone calls, not even when he knew he could sell something. When I did see him, he looked like he did when his heart stopped at school. He owned his paleness, and his stinky clothes. His eyes went skyward and stayed there to avoid eye-contact at school. People still approached him, but with caution. He ruled quietly over our spirit, but kept his feet below him while his intermediate body of light crept upwards. Daryl was on the edge. He could have jumped to another realm at any moment. 

Marcia somehow got my number and called me, knowing I was becoming a little obsessed with Daryl as she was. She wanted to have sex with him, whereas I looked at him more and more like a wise old man and attached him to episodic memories. She and her minions found a letter Daryl wrote to Black and then threw it away. She said she found it after he had died. I did not believe that Daryl would be so stupid as to throw something away when Marcia Cruz was around to find it, but I let her read it.
Dear Black: I didn’t know you for that long, but you have become the archetype. I will be you one day, whether I like it or not.  You are legend, just as I am legend among my dumbass classmates. You point to light, and you stall with the animals.  You were not very nice to me, but neither has any dude in my life been, so far. You’ve got some nerve doing that much dope when I told you not to. You’ve got me in a mess, and I’m split now. Even more split than I was before. You can fuck off. You’ve got me fucked up.  Love Daryl McAdams

It was not atonement he sought, and he was not looking for a father in Mr. Black. It was solidarity he was after. It was the validation that he was more than a messenger, more than a drug pusher and more than a prostitute. Mr. Black was not an illiterate native of Hawthorn. He knew big words that Daryl wanted to know. Mr. Black had knowledge and age and he didn’t have to fake it. Daryl was taught that in dealing, he was helping people feel good, that people would never leave this town, and better to die dumb and numb than feel ordinary and victimized. But he always doubted this.
Daryl learned that there are no immortal people. Mr. Black couldn’t handle his dope. He was too dumb to live through much of anything. He was much dumber than Daryl McAdams, as it turned out. Daryl didn’t lend his knowledge of survival. He’s no teacher, and he’s no healer.  
 III. 
CAR WASH
Every Sunday, the Hansens take a joy ride through Southeast Missouri.  Sometimes they’ll cross the bridge into Illinois if the talking head on the radio catches Jim’s ear, or if the comfortable silence between them is broken by random banter. 
Conversation between them rarely springs from anything substantial, such as the death of Judy’s mother in 1991. On the day that the news was broken via telephone conversation, Jim spent half of the day fumbling his hand around, caressing an inconsolable Judy’s shoulder blade until she wished it would just dissolve so he wouldn’t touch it. He just didn’t know what to say.  
She briefly recollects the droll ache of that day every time the avocado rotary sends its angry clang through the Hansen house, infiltrating the silence they’ve gotten so accustomed to, insisting on reminding them that bad news is always waiting, adjacent to the front door.
No, the conversation Between Jim and Judy Hansen seems to exist only faintly, and out of necessity. Married couples don’t have to touch each other, but they do have to live together and they should speak to each other. Were that to happen, Jim’s military background would force that the issue be addressed.  
As their rapport sits stagnant, Jim takes the many empty moments to reflect favorably on his past with his wife and children and service to his country. In truth, he is satisfied that his years of obligatory productivity are behind him, content with the pleasantness of doing nothing, happy to be retired, fat and well rested. Meanwhile, Judy’s discomfort with the present intensifies.
“Look at that goofy thing.” Jim points to a plywood raccoon poking out of a giant plastic trash can, a homemade lawn ornament. “I kinda like it.”
“It’s silly,” Judy burbles. “And ugly.”
Silence, as they cross the bridge into East Cape Girardeau.
The satellite radio gets suddenly louder after Jim is seen fumbling with the steering wheel. There is an advice talk show on, featuring a now-famous local “doctor,” a woman who sounds sweet and blonde and thin, and who has a penchant for saying obnoxious, and in Judy’s opinion, anti-women remarks with a small dose of relationship advice on the side. This is the type of bitch Jim wishes he’d married, Judy thought.
The emptiness of McClure brought sweet interference to the conservative tart on the radio. Judy fantasized about one of the big, butch young ladies from Evergreen, her Alma Mater, literally stuffing a sock in her mouth. The blips and abrupt pauses were vain cries of protest. 
Since The Death, Judy had actually manifested a desire to “please her man,” not unlike the advice the radio-accredited doctor would give to countless self-loathing women throughout her tenure on Clear Channel syndication, and then Conservative Talk 98 on the satellite radio: The meat-centric Sunday dinners with Jim’s disgusting brothers and their zombie-like wives, the countless pairs of lingerie (which, Judy realized after her latest Spring cleaning, either resembled Pilgrim or Angel Halloween costumes, a realization that unsettled her deeply). All of this was meant, probably subconsciously, to jar some kind of reaction to The Death other than clumsy groping or desperate glances, and by extension, to make Jim view their marriage as more than an obligation to tradition, to manhood. To make him--somehow, by speaking his language--view Judy as a full-time partner with psychic energy, dimension, and a libido. The acknowledgment of her failure to shake Jim was a long journey of strained energy, resisting defeat the main goal, and it was corrosive as it should have been.
Everything was expected, and each step down the drain a natural progression.
Highway 13 between McClure and Anna is a long tunnel of trees, and light is occasionally reached where a Wal-Mart or Dairy Queen is visible behind several local businesses, and Judy is no longer alone with Jim and the silence isn’t as awkward for her.
In the light, the daze Judy imposed on herself five miles earlier relents. She considers asking Jim questions, questions one might ask on a third date. Everything she knows about Jim she learned through a combination of sleuthing, supernatural cues and amateur psychology. She knows he’s a Capricorn; she also knows that as a Scorpio, she and Jim are not a match. 
(That is, depending on which astrology e-mail spam she takes to. The results are all moderately varied, but none of them have gushing things to say about their future, or their present. Had she known this prior to marriage, it wouldn’t have changed things, but it might have given her a slight, comforting education. An inkling.)
She adopted a psychiatrist’s or maybe a mentalist’s persona when speaking to Jim’s mother and brothers, or at least she persuaded herself that she did.  When his mother spoke of Jim in casually glowing terms, Judy decided that she was not only trying to convince Judy, she was trying to convince herself, and probably Jesus too.
There was not a lot of background information to sift through, and Judy decided that either her gift of intuition was not as sharp as she’d led herself to believe, or there was simply nothing underneath her husband’s projecting, dull eyes.  
That’s it. She had given up. Jim, Judy’s partner and husband and father of her stillborn children, is a body at motion with no soul, just circuitry.
As they reached Carbondale, Jim’s old stomping ground, Judy opened her window and pressed her face into the wind as if she were a curious and anxious Bassett Hound.  Jim shot her a perplexed glance that she gleefully ignored. She was savoring their final moments together. She was psyching herself up for months of agony and mourning. She was allowing herself to go nuts, to look unmedicated and undignified. A sneak peak, perhaps, or maybe she was testing the water to see if being her own woman was something she’d be able to sustain forever.
“Roll up your window,” Jim grumbled, unmoved by Judy’s whimsy. “Irrigation’s coming up about a mile.”
“No.”
“You’ll ruin the interior.”
“I don’t care.”
Jim, not knowing how to react, said nothing, but shook his head.  The irrigation came, and when it did, he jerked the transmission to park.  He looked straight ahead. This is how it’s going to be, Lady. Act like you have some sense or get wet.
The drops fell really hard, feeling almost like hail on Judy’s head. Her streamlined silver bob turning black, she leaned back for a second, smiling. Jim sat in silent protest, hoping that a stone face would put emphasis on the sheer ridiculousness of Judy’s behavior.  Judy opened the door and got out as the irrigation made its way past the car and onto the tall crop of corn. She ran to chase the water, though her hips were tight, and forced a girlish laugh the world had never heard from her.  Jim just glared at the drops of water, forming a puddle on the leather upholstery beside him; the vandalism of Judy’s mood swing would probably warp the seat a little bit. Ten spill-free years at Sonic Drive-Ins, willfully discarded at the whim of a post-menopausal wife.
Judy spun around and around under the water. She opened her mouth to catch it. When it gagged her, she laughed. She sat in the 3 foot corn.
“Judy!”
“JUDY!”
She was out of Jim’s sight, and he started to realize she may not come back to the car for several minutes. He was thankful they were not near their home, their local VFW, their church. He was not worried so much as annoyed. Judy did not crackup; she showed off. She made statements.  
Jim honked the horn.  He waited several seconds for a deranged, soaking woman to rise from the crops. Judy’s response was a ridiculing cackle. 
Knowing she could hear it, he turned the ignition on and revved, as if to signal he’d be leaving soon, with or without her.
She slowly stood, wafting her face above the corn as if she was playing peek-a-boo. He thought she might levitate above it.
Instead, she strutted over to the driver’s side. The irrigation followed her, as if magnetized. She looked Jim in the eye through the window, smirking. “Would you like to join me?” She asked.
“What is the matter with you?” Jim snapped. “Get in this car right now.”  Judy motioned for Jim to roll down the window. Instead, Jim shifted to drive with a shaky right hand, glaring at her. 
Judy stepped backward and shrugged. “Go on if you want!” She yelled from across the road. “I’ll be okay.”
Jim stayed in the car until Judy was ready to leave, which would turn out to be over an hour. He flipped channels between several talk radio personalities, including the sexy blonde doctor Judy hated so much. Finally he settled on an FM station, with old faux-psychedelic pop music Judy may have approved of had she been sitting there with him. He turned up the volume as he sat, watching his dignified, reserved wife crack up, dancing in the irrigation. Subconsciously, as one of Judy’s old college mates might describe it, Jim may have been trying to lure her back to him with music. His own words would fail. He knew these were probably their final moments together. He cranked the volume on the classic rock station all the way up, rolled down the windows, and plugged his ears. He hoped she heard it, and that it soothed her. 

INHERITANCE
Daryl McAdams is a legend. 
When you’re seventeen, the bar for legend is set pretty low. The base for everything is romance, and every living creature is coated with the weird blue glow of that romantic ambiance. Every action of your peers is interpreted, somehow, someway, as sexual. The charisma of the object of your lust is greatly exaggerated, and every gesture towards you or towards anything, really, is a direct call for you to get naked. Though, this never crosses your mind. You wouldn’t want to cheapen it with petty human wants. No, it’s much deeper, much more profound.
In the tunnel vision of a child, these objects obscure the glow on the other side.  Even when they’re alive and well, they die fantastically: A leap off the Victorian balcony. A stage dive from the foot of the orchestra.  Sinking into the quicksand of an ethereally lit wheat field. An icon or a symbol, translated by you, and only by you.
And when they die with a thud, they go on and live.
The first time Daryl McAdams died, it was a false alarm. He collapsed in History class after his heart simply stopped, as the macabre bitch Mrs. Danforth read a back issue of Cosmopolitan. She removed herself from her trance, looked down at Daryl’s twitching body losing what little color was there in the first place, eyes half-opened but mostly closed, inviting the light in but barely tolerating its burn, and said to the class, “Why are you just sitting there? Call an ambulance for Christ’s sakes.” 
She started to return to her magazine, but realized there were about twenty plump, adolescent faces gazing at her, their teacher and caretaker for the hour, suddenly very aware of a possible dead body in the room. She put down her magazine and threw her hands incredulously up as a boy ran to the office.
Mrs. Danforth had surely heard the rumors about Daryl, and the look on her face suggested that this was inevitable-- That, if anything, she was surprised it took this long.
So an ambulance was called, and Daryl was revived at Delta Trinity Hospital. He was absent for the rest of the week.

He walked the halls with a translucent almost-halo for a few days after his return, his black t-shirt and Levis emitting the stench of a dead boy but his olive skin glowing, as he had resurrected simply because he felt like it, at God’s inconvenience. I wanted to touch him every time I saw him. He would eat a burger in the cafeteria and to me, he ate like a king, chewing as slowly as he felt like and giving the monitor dirty looks that seem to pierce his snitchy little skull.  He read, and he understood everything, though he pretended he didn’t in his typically adorable fashion. 

Every time I stopped to say hello, I approached him with a look of cautious wonderment, just to touch him. I’d ask Daryl if he’d finished his paper or something like that, and touch his shoulder, then draw my hand back. It burned me. 

Daryl would smile politely, though he was annoyed, for I had no business bothering him, but I couldn’t help it. Then he would move along briskly. I didn’t mind.
The mystery he felt about himself was evident to no one but me. Like the Son of God, he was pretty sure he was alive, though the clock was ticking. He was no angel, and though he nearly died and did touch death for a little while and saw lights and heard deep omniscient voices giving him directions upward, and all of that, he still felt physical feelings such as nausea and drowsiness from the side effects of the pills he took for whatever his parents thought was wrong with him, like he was being gently asphyxiated, and good things too, like how a warm bath felt after walking home from school in the cold.

Daryl McAdams was no angel and he guessed that’s why everyone was so curious about his presence. Maybe they wanted to know what Hell felt like, or maybe they were mad at him for returning, maybe they were wondering how someone who never even went to church and who everyone knew stole food and money from the local drive-in burger stand on a regular basis, would ever be on the list for Heaven, let alone wear the artifacts and come back to tell the tale. He didn’t deserve to be let back, and they were jealous. 

Daryl had many unsavory habits and did many unspeakable things, which were spoken about often. He was rumored to be the town’s only drug dealer, and it was uttered several times that he sold his own body.  It was thrilling to overhear parents in the supermarket ominously gossip amongst themselves about Daryl like Babylon. I wanted to know him more than anything in the world, because I know he hated our little village and I hated it too.  The bad habits that were supposedly killing him were his ticket out. 

It was the only way and on some level, it was his mission to get out. I knew that someday he would succeed. That thought kept me warm on some nights and I prayed I had the strength to follow him someday.

The second time Daryl McAdams died it was his fault. He took too many pills right there in the cafeteria and then washed it down with Dr. Pepper while the school security guard watched and did nothing, but still it was Daryl’s stupid fault because he of all people should know how rotten those pills are and how they fuck up your insides instead of actually help you. 

He of all people should have known that and he did know that and that’s precisely why he did it. 

That day paramedics showed up with a social worker and took Daryl’s twitching mass away to the emergency room, and Daryl’s mom could only watch from the office lobby, crying a lot but wearing big dark sunglasses as if that blocked the tears from coming out, but it was obvious. They all stood and watched and they weren’t surprised and they weren’t really that glad, including myself. We were simply bored.

While Daryl was suspended everyone talked casually and they were dismissive. 

Daryl had died once before by accident, but now everyone had room to suspect that dying in public had become his new thing. “You got money, you’re allowed to go kill yourself. You get to come back and do it again and again until you realize it’s just not fun.” Everyone would say shit like this, referring to Daryl being an heir to some sort of farm equipment fortune, farm equipment their fathers all used but couldn’t be bothered to memorize the name.   They would say it a lot and I guess it got to me. I realized that it was the spectacle he died for. As the blue glow turned fluorescent, I saw that I misjudged him completely. 
 
We dismissed what we would call growing pains as laziness in thought, a lack of drive and a lack of eventfulness in life; it was having everything that made his mind go off the rails in the most predictable way, and caused all sorts of things like his kleptomania and his tendency to hang out in neighborhoods of houses with dirty rain gutters and taped windows, where he clearly didn’t belong and didn’t fit in, and car crash after car crash, a shiny cherry-red brand new whatever-car of the moment with dents and bruises and scratches. Yes, in a few years he’d be a sushi and wine aficionado and would take his inheritance and move to Connecticut where no one ever frowned and everyone had fake lawns. Everyone knew the day would come and we found it pathetic that it was obvious to us but not to Daryl that only the most banal of excesses wait, no matter what he did to subvert it. 

He’d ditch his outcast friends and their terrible obscure taste in music and stop being so weird and stop acting depressed, stop using it as a propeller into space as he did during History class every day, or maybe he’d just wander off into the bland membrane of that particular day and decide to stay there, forever young and stupid. 

The death of Daryl McAdams was no longer a topic at school after a while, his strange glow had disappeared and was replaced by the sweet, earthy smell of a rich man and he walked the halls with a stupid grin, actually making eye contact with pretty girls despite being invisible to them again. He no longer had the sheen of a boyish rebel but seemed a needy old man in a boy’s body and was repulsive. His gaunt frame became healthy in every conventional sense and his skin got rosy again, like any other person on Earth. 

It took a lot of work to get used to it so instead of trying, everyone just stopped paying attention, and Daryl was kind of happy about that. That was the third death of Daryl McAdams, and the last one I witnessed. He eventually did actually die of course in the I-stopped-breathing sense, probably many years later of natural causes so just consider it death’s pre-show. He was a warm body that breathed and whose heart would eventually beat like everyone else’s and he seemed to accept this curse as if it were just another material gift, like a brand new cherry red whatever-car. 

I could be wrong about all of this, I’m sure. But I fear that I’m not. Not only was it the death of Daryl, it was the death of the libertine I had become gleefully obsessed with. He was not Daryl, he was just Daryl, a chump with a stupid hillbilly name who was borderline illiterate and self-destructive and all too human.

I’ve seen it happen since, and so it goes in adolescent mythology. The spark is just gone and I know it’s happened to him too, and everyone noticed. Seemed strange to these people, people who were watching and talking and thinking, that the only person at school who wasn’t afraid of death would just coast through life on cruise control like he had seen it all and was only hanging around because he was too rotten for Heaven and too green for Hell, and was just buying time until his inheritance came and he could spend it on sins like your average rich dude, and would probably never share what he’d seen with anyone, as if it had never happened. But they all wanted to know and wanted to believe. As for me, faith eludes.     


WHAT HAPPENED TO BABY JESUS?
By Bobby Faust
Bobbyfaust.blogspot.com

Since Momma and Father Redmond turned me away last Summer, it’s been real weird.  I’ve gotten calls from every big news network in the United States and Canada. I even accepted some of them: Fox News paid me a pretty good amount of money, and some alternative blog named ManChild New York paid for a week’s worth of hotel rooms and meals in New York. In exchange, they set me up with a megaphone and filmed me confronting my former family when they were in town picketing a movie premiere with sympathetic gay characters.  I wouldn’t be surprised if they paid Father Redmond too.  I would yell into the megaphone, mildly amusing things that really don’t mean anything, like “God hates the missionary position,” and “God is omnisexual.”  My favorite was “God Hates Signs.” Simple and harmless, and wouldn’t embarrass my church.  Father Redmond would ignore me until I got a round of applause and laughter. Then he and his family of little girls and boys would respond with inaudible lurching.  I would imagine that Manchild New York put subtitles up, I don’t know, I didn’t view the video.
They ran the story the following day. From the public computer at the Brooklyn Holiday Inn, I read the comments, the only thing worth reading on the entire site.
“This man is much too dumb to understand what he is doing with the megaphone, but I’m glad he agreed to be filmed.”
“This whole thing is just sad.  A poor hillbilly was sucked into a cult, and now he is being sucked into the snarky New York blogosphere. Or is he now doing the sucking? Heh.”
This type of thing would have mortified most people, but I’m used to it.  As a member of the Redmond Family Church, I was familiar with media nowadays and their bottom feeding ways.  And Father Redmond and his clan may look, walk, and sound like your typical illiterate hillbilly fucks, but in reality they are all lawyers on a mission that, even knowing they are lawyers, may surprise you.  Making money through litigation is their goal.
Look at it like this.  Let’s say you live in Southern Missouri, where decent simple hardworking people are, let’s say, sensitive and maybe ignorant about sexual difference, or any kind of difference, really. Let’s say you are one of those rural churchgoing families who had a son who was a veteran.  Let’s say that your son was not a closeted queer all his life, but straight.  He died in combat.
Now picture your son’s funeral.  Saddest day in your unremarkable life.  Until now, you’ve never experienced anything so profoundly tragic.  You don’t know how to process your possible upcoming layoff from the factory, much less the death of a child—your eighteen year-old son who most likely didn’t know what he had gotten himself into when he gave in to the Army recruiter.
Now picture yourself in the sanctuary, trying to focus on the words of the speakers, of the preacher, trying not to cry because had your son been with you, he’d think you were a baby.  Focus on the colors of the stained glass.  The quiet breaks between the preacher’s breaths.  In between those quiet breaks, you hear an angry, squalling crowd outside: “God hates fags!” “Thank God for dead soldiers!” Their voices crazed, convicted, unrelenting.  And these people are from where you’re from, they’re local.  The things they are saying are what outsiders say. You’re betrayed by your own kind.  They’re spitting in your face on the most vulnerable day of your life.  What would you do?  Myself, looking back, I think I would have shot them all, every single one of them, the kids too.  
So it’s no surprise that every now and then, a member of the Redmond Family Church is assaulted, which is followed by a lawsuit against the offending funeral guest—usually a member of the deceased’s family.  The Redmond Family Church always represents themselves, and wins at least half of these cases.
How I got ‘sucked into’ the church is a long story, and not really important.  Religion effects people in different ways.  Some folks can read the Bible as children and discreetly discount most of it for their entire lives, raise Christian families and drag their children to church against their will until they’re eighteen, hoping they take in that thirty percent of the Bible and have enough good sense to discard the rest as archaic tradition that doesn’t apply to them.
Or, you can manipulate it to make a living, and recruit the faithful and stupid to help you make your living.
My saga has been misinterpreted countless times.  Some say I had a mental breakdown and had to be rehabilitated back into a normal existence.  Some say I’m actually a homosexual and was trying to extort The Family by making accusations that Father Redmond and I had an affair (that was actually their favorite).
Father Redmond liked to test us, and at times throughout the planning of this picket, I felt like my loyalty, and probably my resolve too, was being tested.  
My suspicion was strengthened by the fact that at the time, we were being filmed by a college documentarian. 
We were obligated to many one-on-one interviews with the filmmaker, who was obviously opposed to the Church and very liberal.  We were assigned an “interview buddy” who would give an objective evaluation of our interview. By that I mean, our interview buddy would tell Father Redmond if we spoke too freely or gave too much credence to the interviewer’s talking points.  I was to never waver.  When we were asked why our signs were so brash in language and intentionally inflammatory with freely using the word “fag” and other homophobic slurs, we were to quote scripture or give our own incendiary interpretation of it.  Every word was to help cultivate the world’s perception of the Church.  Our goal was to get people to recognize us, then hate us, so a hostile citizen might cross the line on the street, which would lead to litigation.  Strangely, the journalist never even raised the question that Father Redmond might not believe what he claimed. 
As with journalists and pastors and charitable celebrities and the biggest corporations that come to mind, profit was Father Redmond’s only goal, but it was the illusion of conviction that was the product.  Casual homophobia was amped up to the extent that the mission of the church seemed to be to destroy homosexuality because it touched everyone and everything, and it was used to brainwash the children and the dumb.  
It should be obvious to everyone that the “protests” against the American military had little to do with homosexuality, and more to do with the inflammatory nature of intermingling the imagery of the military with the imagery of the gay lifestyle.  We focused on male homosexuality, mostly—the eating of feces was a favorite rant.  It garners an extreme reaction from your average military family, because you are soiling their fragile take on masculinity and strong, silent patriotism with the idea of the Army bunkers being nothing more than gay bath houses with a massive arsenal, accepting of faggotry and as such, denying traditional values.  
Picketing with signs and screams, even at a young veteran or celebrity’s funeral, does not give someone the legal right to hit or spit on you.  When they do, the Redmond family, a clan of brilliant attorneys, get paid.
And so, an outrageous public image was created--a bizarre brand that depended on wide spread reviling to survive.
The film crew was there when I simply walked away from The Family at my uncle’s funeral, never to return, and it was the climax of their documentary.  It was sold to Inside Edition and put on the internet, and it started the coastal media’s fixation on me.
A large portion of the American people herald me as a hero or victim, when truth be known I still hold many of the same beliefs that attracted me to the Church in the first place.  Not much has changed, except in how I express the ideas I hold, or actually, how I do not express them.  My adequate vocabulary and relative youth makes me an appealing spokesperson for these journalists and online media companies, and I oblige them for the same reason the Redmond Family church exists.  
I’m in a nice hotel, homeless but eating well and drinking through interviews for free, as long as I keep talking.  And the Redmond Family Church is as marginalized as it always was, the congregation probably only made up of actual blood relatives by now.
I don’t know what will happen if I return to Missouri. I’ve made no attempt to call my family, and they don’t know how to reach me.  I’ve considered going to the New York YMCA, or working for the Cult Deprogramming Center (which I hear is owned by the Church of Scientology).
We all pay for our convictions, and I’m surely not done paying for mine.  I’m tired of having them and ready to just exist as an apolitical and agnostic human being.  However, I’m not exactly sure I can support myself that way. I’ve forgotten how.  
DARYL MCADAMS IS A SPECTACLE
 The day that Daryl was rushed to the emergency room he said something weird. He was always such a fiery little boy, but on this day he came into the classroom with a lack of energy that your average over-perceptive, moderately maudlin teenager might reach for in tissue-thin hindsight and lazily claim as simple depression, a red marker we all should have recognized.
How could we be so stupid as to overlook such strong foreshadowing?  Is the type of thing I hear a lot in the hall ways. Daryl took a little death trip on that day, and disaffected teenage girls lost an idol for a few minutes. Anonymous Daryl with the sexy body and strong, borderline-scary eyes with pupils like UFO’s, they almost lost him.  Who gives a fuck.
So anyway what he said I’m not going to say, and I know that may frustrate you as this Tweak Book is supposed to illuminate, but there are things that must be left to context clues because just saying “Open sesame” is both a boring old trick and a dangerous one if you people ever found out that it actually works if you say it to the right door.
What I’ll say is that the whole town gasped when he uttered the words. From his hospital bed, lips chapped blue but eyes still intent on seeing what no one was prepared to see, he said those stupid fucking words. At that moment everyone hated him and themselves.
But nothing really happened, I mean not really. Kids still jumped off merry-go-rounds like trains to get practice for when they’re older. Business casual paroled sex offenders still piled into their call center jobs every morning. Housewives still borrowed their little munchkins’ Adderall so they could vacuum properly. I still felt the same about the town of Hawthorn. I knew what I knew, and now Daryl revealed himself to know what I know.
Basking in the light of both dawn and twilight, and disappearing in the dark of 3a.m. Walking through doors unannounced but invited, breaking antique mirrors on the way in, and gluing them back together on his way out. Nothing changed. But everything was a little more tense in town.
But he looked harder with those eyes of his; he had to. He still served a purpose. If he hadn’t he would be eliminated by my father, the Lucifer of Hawthorn. For there is no such thing as the Antichrist. There is no liason between white light and black light and there never was. There is only choice and, obviously, consequence. Your best bet for survival is to stay in the basement and hold your breath until your eyes swirl to black. 
The biggest trick Daddy Redmond pulled on Hawthorn was to convince them that a medium was necessary in the human world, because humans are weak, and stupid. The reality is that the answers and symbols are right in front of your face if you’d just break the spell and see it. And Daddy Redmond is the weakest human of all, the dumb fuck.
So anyway Daryl McAdams said what he said and the only one that swirled into a K-hole was him. His rates dropped substantially and his looks faded considerably as I think Daddy Redmond was feeding him more dope. But still he was useful because he was the only one in town who recognized a good business opportunity when he saw one, and the only one brave enough to risk death to get the gain. His plan was to eject at 18. He accomplished his goal when he got on that bus, but who the fuck knows where he is now—I imagine either living off a trust fund supplied by his rich-ass dad (which I’m sure took a lot of convincing as Toby was tight as hell and did not “believe in handouts” as most Southern men say), or finding a new dad to fund his lifestyle. If anyone is a survivor in this stupid world, It’s Daryl.   
FISH OUT OF WATER

The humidity was felt everywhere; there was no escape from it.  Not inside the room, even naked. Not in a cold shower, or the pool.  Brandon lay in his hotel bed, staring at the air conditioning unit.  Ignoring what felt like tiny scalpels digging up from under his skin, he focused his energy on the air conditioner, glaring at it, fantasizing that the dial went higher.  

He didn’t know the town well enough to score on his own, but he thought about calling his cousin, who was local and had no idea Brandon was in town.  What a pleasant surprise it’d be for him, he rationalized.  Ricky would knock on the door and hug Brandon’s sweaty body, and in the embrace he’d feel the twitching from under the skin. Good God, Son, you are ill!, he’d say, And off they’d go.  Brandon could go completely underground for a few days, then maybe grab his guitar and play a show with some bar’s shitty house band. With name recognition, he’d make a couple-hundred bucks, or a grand, and live in the Hilton.  Maybe he could make it last for the rest of his life with no one noticing.

Lou is no doubt blowing up Brandon’s silent cell at this very moment, two missed calls away from dialing Inside Edition. 

Being an agent is probably the worst job in the world, and only dickheads like Lou are qualified.  Brandon has not made Lou any money in some months, since agreeing to do the commercial for a discontinued Japanese energy drink called Wa Pow![tm], a name which was neither Japanese or English, but sounded vaguely like it could be both. The room at the Memphis Hilton in which Brandon is now staying is being paid for with the check from the Wa Pow! commercial.

If you did not know for sure, you would say that the room was trashed on purpose.  There were burger wrappers and makeshift ashtrays and a malicious smell. Vomit was on the walls and prescription bottles littered the nightstand and the floor beneath, sad and empty, arranged like bowling pins.  The room was in disarray roughly 10 minutes after Brandon checked in. Anyone who caught a glimpse of it would think it used up and abandoned – the ghetto of the Memphis Hilton.

You would think a public figure would be getting calls to the room. No one he knew had any clue where he was, but celebrities – including Brandon, in his heyday – often get borderline harassing calls from the front desk. Do you need anything? Towels? A refilled refrigerator? Would you sign a DVD for my niece? He was never annoyed by the calls, and extremely depressed at the silence.

Of course, he had silenced his own phone, at which he could not bear to look. At least a hundred calls from Lou, a few from a publicist handpicked by Lou and whose name always escaped Brandon (he was entered in the phone simply as “pub”), and the nightly calls from various L.A. scene kids he gave his number to while he was stoned.

The silence swirled. It hovered around the oscillating fan Brandon grabbed from a convenience store.

He had never watched the celebrity infotainment shows when he was a legitimate celebrity.  They do not report on celebrities’ personal lives, they report on celebrities’ personas.  Brandon had no problem with this.  There is no such thing as the celebrity invasion of privacy – every interview a famous person gives, every “candid” with a paparazzo, every scandal was crafted by either a rival publicist, or the celebrity themselves.  Extramarital affairs exist, but with the consent of the “jilted” spouse.  Living this dream theater was amusing to Brandon, until The National Enquirer started printing very true things about Brandon’s personal life.  

Brandon Bennett the actor has a drug problem and so does Brandon Bennett the man.  

Persona-less and mortal Brandon Bennett, snapped in rehab looking bloated and decidedly unattractive.  Sold out by a real person. 

And so the television was on for about five minutes, enough time to catch an update on one of those infotainment shows about Brandon Bennett the actor escaping rehab, scaling the wall in a dramatic fashion, mimicking one of his dead grunge heroes.  He could have simply signed himself out, But Brandon the Actor wasn’t done playing with them yet.  When it was time to say goodbye to Brandon the Actor, there would be no more media trickery. He would be dead or working in a factory or bar--dead to the West Coast and alive to real people.  Everything about both Brandons was pathologically narcissistic in that way, exaggerating their importance or notoriety.  L.A. incubates this mental illness. It’s what has kept the city from falling in on itself, like the worst kind of alcoholic sorority slut.

He was not surprised to find his socialite “girlfriend” speaking to the nondescript blonde reporter-slash-underwear model and former beauty queen.  

The Socialite was pleading for Brandon The Actor’s safe return, that where ever you may be, Brandon, please don’t use and tell us where you are. Like totally. I just want to know that you are safe.  

As soon as the Socialite finished speaking on television, there was a dainty knock on Brandon’s door.
“No more towels, thank you.”
“It’s me, you fucking idiot.” The Socialite.
“…The fuck is ‘me’?” He knew.
“Shut up.”
Brandon checked his greasy hair, took off his shirt and flexed, then went to the door.  

The Socialite stood there, gaunt, blonde, with a pouty scowl, wearing sunglasses that were way too big and probably way too expensive.

“You look like shit,” she said.
“Please, come in,” he said, grinning. “Can I offer you a cigarette?” She accepted it.  The hotel, which belonged to a chain owned by her family, had a strict no-smoking policy.  “How did you get in without being recognized?”
“I’m in Memphis, you hick,” she snapped.  “Can I ask what the fuck you’re doing here?”
“You can,” Brandon said calmly. “What might you be doing here?”
“I’m saving your ass, is what I’m doing.”
“Okay.”  Brandon laid back and grabbed his crotch suggestively. “You know what to do.”  
The Socialite laughed. “Take a shower, get your shit, we’re leaving.”
“I’m not leaving.”
“Yes, you are.”
“No, I’m not.”

This went on for about ten minutes, with The Socialite and Brandon Bennett the Man arguing, each speaking in a different language, The Socialite getting lost in translation.  She reasoned that not only was he fucking up his career, she was being fucked over by him.  If they broke up, what would become of him?  A child star following the beaten path, a fucking loser. She was his way back up and she came all the way to bum fuck Memphis, after all, are you kidding me, Brandon? My body is rejecting this place as we speak.  This in itself is a sacrifice.  

Brandon the Actor coaxed The Socialite into giving up her cocaine by leading her to believe he would be leaving with her. He stuck the baggie down the front of his jeans, and stalled for a little while.  

Then he threw her out.

He got out his laptop and started typing what started out as a joke.  Celebrity suicides are no joke, as they make Hollywood journalists and hangers-on a lot of money and pretty much mold their careers from clay.

The first ever mass e-mailed suicide note.

So he looked at his cell phone for the first time in two days, to find Lou’s e-mail address.  He found it and a few others’ and then crushed the cell phone under his hiking boot.

By the time the suicide note was read by the first set of eyes, Brandon Bennett had already left the hotel and re-gifted his Porsche to a nearby ditch.  He was not inside on impact. 

He took the Amtrak to the closest small town with a depot, picked up a penny saver paper, and used half of his remaining cash to buy a used white Bronco off some guy’s lawn. Brandon Bennett the Man headed to Southwest Missouri.

He stopped at the Wal-Mart just outside Hawthorn to pick up some essentials: A quart of orange juice, a bottle of cherry cough syrup, condoms, a toothbrush.  The checkout girl was eyeing him in a strange way, presumably because of the condoms.  It was not a sexual glare or especially intruding, but it occurred to Brandon that he should address it. 
“How ya’ doin’,“ he said, nodding.
“You don’t remember me,” the checkout girl said flatly.  Brandon frantically went through many subconscious filing cabinets.  “It’s okay, it’s been awhile. You’ve seen much more excitement than memory serves, I’m sure.”  

Brandon extended his hand. “Brandon Bennett.”
“Wendy Lewis.” She fidgeted inside a shopping bag, and shook hands with Brandon Bennett the Actor. 
“Home Room, Eighth Grade.”
“Right.”
“You look a lot like your brother,” Wendy said.
“I’m the oldest! He looks like me.”
Wendy’s courtesy laugh.
“So, Wendy, you got a break coming up?”
“Nope. I’m off in fifteen minutes.”
At the end of Wendy’s shift, Brandon drove to the outskirts of the parking lot and fucked Wendy in his white Bronco.  He drove her home, and ended up staying the night. 

When he left at about noon, she asked for his number, and he told her the truth, that his phone broke. She didn’t believe him, but she didn’t seem too upset about it.  When he saw that she didn’t care, he wrote down his number anyway, and placed it in her jewelry box while she wasn’t looking.

He arrived at his parents’ farm in Hawthorn at about 5:30 p.m., Wednesday, the day before Thanksgiving. As he got out of his Bronco, he studied the landscape. Everything was the same. Same old manure smell, same huge, boxy house. Same Ten Commandments display out front. The grass was grotesquely green. Everything was bright, clean and perfect. The cedar siding had fresh stain on it, the decorations were strategically placed around the yard, and not one of them was crooked, not even slightly purposely skewed. 

He had always felt like this place was cut off from the rest of the world. This place was too sanitized to house actual human beings. It always reminded him of those classic family sitcoms he was forced to sit through as a kid. It seemed almost like this place had been preserved in a giant, air-tight Tupperware bowl. Everything is controlled. People need a little misery in their lives. 

That’s what Brandon thinks, anyway. 

From the looks of the driveway, people besides Brandon were staying at the house. That made him nervous. He didn’t want to go in. He stood on the top wooden step about six inches from the door, giving it that spacey gaze he gets when he’s deep in thought, which happens less with each passing year. 

Finally, he knocked on the painted steel three times. He waited for what seemed like five minutes for someone to answer. He knew better than to just go inside. He wasn’t a part of this household anymore; In fact, he was supposed to be dead.

The door swung open and his mom, who at fifty still looked thirty-five, stood before him. Her auburn hair was curled and sprayed to a stiff, perfect mold. She had an expression that was somewhere between a grin and a grimace. Whatever it was, it looked weird and forced. 
“Brandon,” She said in typical dramatic fashion, trailing off before fainting. 

His father told Brandon to stay put while they brought his mother to, right before he shut the door in his face.  He heard them speaking quietly, calmly, reasoning, but couldn’t figure out what they were saying.

Finally, the door opened.

The inside of the home was completely different than it was three years ago. It was spotless, as always. But the walls were a different color, and the country bumpkin knick- knacks had all been changed. 

Brandon focused on the walls, on the windows, and avoided eye contact with anyone. He was uncomfortable beyond words. His mother put her hand across his back, onto his shoulder, and without words, gently guided him to the den.

“Brandon, you remember Aunt Vida, Uncle Peter,” She said with wide eyes. 

“Of course. How are you?” Brandon said in a monotone voice. 

“Oh honey, I’m doin’ all right for an old woman,” She said. She seemed barely awake, and definitely ancient. Brandon’s generally accurate guess was ninety years old. Maybe older. Her blank look suggested she had never heard of him or his movie career. 

“Where’s Chris?” Brandon asked his mother.
“He’s at work,” She said in a forced, spirited, hopeful voice.

She looked at Brandon with awe, as if she could not believe he was there. It confused him, as he was certain that even if his fake death had been posted on the internet (and it would not get past Lou and his band of minions for days), his family would probably be the last people on Earth who would see it.

Out of touch as she seemed to be, Brandon’s mother had a lot to do with his success as an actor, and some have suggested, his subsequent problems.  As a baby, she started him out on the Tennessee pageant circuit.  A former pageant girl, she behaved as expected of a woman in middle age who just nicked the corner of show business in her prime.

When there was a casting call for a local business’s commercial, Sandy was there with Brandon.  When a country artist needed a weeping child for their music video, Sandy was there with Brandon.  When Lou called Sandy one day and told her that he would be interested in representing Brandon, she saw her own name in lights.

After years as a commercial actor, Brandon Bennett landed his career-starter as the subversive sidekick to kids’ network star Toby Westwood on the sitcom “[title]”, a title that Brandon could never explain in interviews.  On the show, he was normally dressed in dark clothing and presented as a teen badass, and stole many scenes from Toby, as well as priceless exposure on teenybopper magazines.  Toby Westwood, a round-faced queen, a more established star and bigger diva, did not like this.  He tried to get Brandon fired several times for pulling humiliating practical jokes on him, and for speaking to Perez Hilton (as “A source”) on numerous occasions regarding Toby’s sexuality.  Lou saved him several times, but could not keep him out of trouble forever, and Brandon was written off the series one season before it was cancelled.

At the end of their final episode together, Brandon and Toby had to hug.  On the last take, Brandon grabbed Toby’s ass and yelled to the cast and crew, “Toby’s got a big boner!” Toby locked himself in his dressing room and refused to come out.

Cut to Summer 2010, and Brandon is giving the closeted director/producer of a comic book franchise adaptation an awkward lap dance for the role of a floating head in a comic book adaptation, with no speaking parts. Toby Westwood was the youngest person nominated for an Oscar this season.

Sandy’s words approached Brandon softly.
“What…I just have to ask. Being your mother makes this question seem cruel.”
Brandon’s eyes glazed over.
“Why are you here?”

He wasn’t sure who she was speaking to – Brandon Bennett the Man, or the Actor. What did she mean, exactly? 

Did she mean: Why are you here, after two years of silence? Or did she mean: Why are you here, and not in the hospital, where Lou assured me you were after I saw an E! News segment talking about your figurative swan dive off a Malibu Bluff? 

Or did she mean: Why are you here, a cardboard cutout of a person, replacing my Son, claiming to be him?

Brandon’s response was a shrug.

“Well, Chris will be here soon. He’s bringing dinner home. He’s also bringing his girlfriend for the first time, so I guess your timing is perfect!” Sandy was demented with forced glee.

Chris was not ecstatic to see Brandon. They greeted and hugged, but there were no smiles, no chuckles, no playful shoves to the shoulder.  Chris looks like Brandon, only slightly healthier.

Mother didn’t have much to offer the boys in their reunion. She was preoccupied. “Where’s your girlfriend? I thought she was coming…Oh, that must be her…Oh, you’re pretty! It’s so nice to finally meet you!”

Wendy walked in with a Cheshire cat grin.  Sandra immediately started clanging pots and pans, leaving the boys, and Wendy, to stare at each other.

The dinner table was wrecked with gravy and brown flaky cuts of meat and greens soaked in leftover grease, and silence.  Topics of discussion ranged from weather to this year’s crop, to cruise discounts to Brandon Bennett the Actor, to Chris’s wonderful miraculous relationship. But no more than twenty words were spoken in thirty minutes.  Wendy brought up a party at her coworker’s house to interrupt the clanging of forks, and Chris immediately invited Brandon.

“Oh, I don’t…”
“Cut the crap, Brandon.”
“I’m kinda tired, and…”
“Everyone will love it.”
“No.”
“Yes.”
Sigh. “Okay.”

The drive to the party wasn’t really that awkward.  Back at the house, Brandon poured his cough syrup into a “World’s Best Dad” travel coffee mug and mixed it with Diet Coke.  On the road, he sipped it through a stir stick and looked out the window at the big blur of corn stalks.  The windows were down, and he meditated on the humidity and imagined it was bathwater.  Chills don’t exist. Drugs don’t exist. California’s dead. History doesn’t matter. Wendy, sitting “Bitch”, would occasionally break the silence by mimicking along to her Depeche Mode mix tape and looking at the boys to see their reaction (they did not react). Chris, a country music fan to the core, ejected the cassette after “Goodnight Lovers” finished playing, without giving Wendy so much as a warning glance.  She grimaced and positioned her torso to face Brandon.

The house loomed larger than it was. The windows glowed, two yellowish-white devil eyes, hungrily beaming Brandon in.  The situation they had there was a short fuse; nothing good was going to happen in that house.  A sweaty, bearded man stumbled out onto the porch wearing a beer bong helmet.  “Hey, Wendy!” He called out across the yard. “Who are those two handsome stallions in yer’ company tonight?”
“Shut up, Keller,” Chris said, putting a lip of tobacco in.  Trailing behind the couple, Brandon saw Chris animatedly whispering to Wendy.

It was a dim, dingy farmhouse inside, converted into a dimmer, dingier bachelor pad.  There were shamefully hot high school girls, their teachers, probably their parents, college students, and pretty much everyone Brandon had left behind, but a bit aged.  Brandon Bennett the Actor was approached several times by horny high school students, elated to be meeting the kids’ network rebel they masturbated to as tweens, stealing cell phone pictures and pecks on the cheek.  It did not matter that he was dirty, or that he was impossibly thin, or that he was wilting with cravings for narcotics, subsisting on cherry cough syrup, slowly starving to death.  It didn’t matter, because with his presence, he validated those girls’ entire lives. They’d go to school and be meaner to the goth girls, they’d play the outgoing messages he was asked to record on their phones, they’d show everyone the pictures, talk about how Brandon Bennett looks like shit but he’s still hotter than any dude at this school, and a much better lay, etc.

Brandon Bennett the Actor was not dead yet, just dying a tad slower than expected.

In the midst of this bored and noisy scene, Brandon heard Wendy yelling, heard things crashing, and the slapping of skin. “You fuck! I fucking hate you! Go fuck her skanky ass, you drunk stupid fuck! Fuck!” She was throwing Keller’s knick knacks indirectly at Chris, slapping his shoulders and the back of his head. Chris covered his face and curled up to deflect the attack.

Brandon approached the couple and grabbed Chris’s arm to guide him away. Wendy shoved Brandon into the kitchen counter and tried to kiss him. He resisted and shoved her away. “Oh, what? Don’t want an audience?” She removed a slip of paper from her cleavage and threw it at Chris. Verging on tears, he started to bend over to pick it up. “Go on,” Wendy said. “Read it and weep, you fuck.”  Before he could read it, Brandon grabbed Chris, who by now was nearly a puddle. He put his arm around him and headed toward the door.

“Find your own way home, Wendy,” Brandon said solemnly.  Wendy dramatically fell backward and pretended to be drunker than she actually was, but Keller caught her and held her as she cried, smiling over her shoulder at one of his buddies.

Brandon didn’t speak to Chris as he drove; he gave him a sympathetic glance throughout the drive. Chris, glazed over, sweet, stupid Chris, with his head against the window, pouting like a child.  Times like these, Brandon adored this man-child, who shared his DNA and his parents and his home for several years.  What they didn’t share—Brandon’s wanderlust, Chris’s boyish fragility of spirit—was appreciated.  

Even though they had not spoken in three years, Brandon thought of Chris often.  He wondered if following through with his promise to hire Chris to come to Los Angeles and be his personal assistant would have toughened his brother up and leaned his soft midsection; he wondered if Chris’s face, a reminder of home, would have kept him out of the skank of Skid Row, off of TMZ, from the kids’ network sitcom to the steady, respectable income of an entertainment entrepreneur-slash-performer that you must become to stay in the Hills.  He wondered if his roots, the most vanilla of clichés, worked anywhere near as well as methadone.  If there was anyone on Earth whose spirit was capable of resisting the soullessness of L.A., it was Chris.  

When they got home they lit a fire pit, and they talked.  They talked for a long time but it wasn’t about much.  Chris asked a few things about what it was like on the West, and, for example, what the difference between a producer and a director was, if Brandon had ever met any of his favorite actresses (he had, in fact, slept with many of them).

Brandon wanted to say that famous people don’t look as good as they do in photographs and in movies, that interviews are their biggest performances, that Tom Cruise is actually the least crazy person in the whole goddamn town, but he wanted to protect him from the truth.
(When the men were boys, it had been Chris’s own brother that ruined Santa Claus for him, and Brandon freely admitted as a teenager that he didn’t believe in Jesus. The way Chris looked at his brother after both bombshells were dropped never left him.  He got a dull ache in his chest when his mother told Brandon that Chris came to her in tears, afraid that he wasn’t “going to make it to Heaven”.)

When the liquor wore off and fatigue sat in, Brandon got up, patted Chris on the shoulder and suggested they go to bed.
	
“Would you like to ride with us to the Christmas Tree Farm?” Brandon’s mother asked him after the dishes and the guests were clear, except for a few. “It’s your grandmother’s thing. We started doing it a few years ago. She didn’t make dinner yesterday, so it’d be nice if you could go with us.” 

He definitely did not want to go. He had no idea what a Christmas tree farm was, but it sounded dreadful. 

“Sure,” He said. 
“Is he going, or not?” Aunt Vida balked across the room. 
“Yes, Vida, Brandon’s going.” 
“Who?” 
“Brandon, Vida.” She over-enunciated. 
“Who’s Brandon?” 

The drive to the Christmas Tree Farm was pretty short, but dangerous. Brandon did in fact have to drive, and no one felt inclined to warn him that the dirt road to get from the highway to the place—winding and uphill—had no barrier to keep the car from crashing into the descending bank of trees on each side. 

“You can drive in that L.A. mess and you can’t handle a ride to the Christmas Tree Farm?” His father laughed from the back seat. He didn’t answer, partly because he hadn’t driven in L.A. in at least a year.

Once there, Brandon’s family got their picture taken with the bejeweled Santa robot on a bench on the front porch waving his hands. 

“God,” Brandon murmured. Aunt Vida shot him a glassy look and said, “Wouldn’t you like to wait in the car?” 

“Vida,” Sandy snapped. Vida moseyed into the cabin.
“You boys look so cute, all bundled up,” Sandy marveled. “ Get next to the gaudy Santa. I’ll take your picture.” 

She directed them on each side, squinting at the hung over and opiate thirsty brothers through her disposable camera’s viewfinder. Upon the click, Chris mumbled something about a bathroom and stumbled off.  

Brandon’s mother was a terrible photographer. But she got that picture perfectly, and it went on their mantle that Christmas, the centerpiece to her collection of awful knick knacks.

What made Brandon return Lou’s million phone calls was not an effort to return to his despondent career. It was not an escape from Hawthorn, as his mother saw it so many years ago. It was defeat. There was no escape from L.A. and Brandon Benett the Autonomous Man was now relegated to the back, screaming and clawing at the lobotomized actor in front until he was out of air, once and for all. 

One phone call. Turn on the fucking lights. Deaden my eyes again. Let me hit my fucking mark.

He took the BART to Lambert International, with Chris accompanying him. At the gate, the boys hugged. Knowing Brandon’s fate, Dead Fish Chris could not manage a grip worth shit. Brandon Bennett the Man pecked his brother on the cheek and headed toward the terminal, surrounded by a sea of oblivious drone travelers. Brandon didn’t say a word; he just left again.
  
THE MACABRE BITCH MRS. DANFORTH

Out of everyone, she was the only one not asked about him after his death. Well, that’s how it seemed, anyway.  She was part of an old maid guild here in this town, untouched by the sexiness of a teen death.  When she finally got married to a widower pastor at the age of forty-seven, the young Daryl McAdams was in attendance, along with my mother, addled by dementia, and Jim’s congregation.  It was a quiet ceremony at Jim’s church, which most of the townspeople seemed to regard as foreign, or alien. Strange. It was a gathering of the country’s outcasts, I suppose, but a call for celebration.  
	I guess everyone who was there to celebrate, was there to celebrate the union of two people.  For Danforth, it was little more than a relief.  A single woman reaches an age where the quiet night becomes not quietness, but a tension. Unfulfilled expectations cause tension.
	There is no more frightening a sight than an angry woman in her forties.  The sight of her is akin to a runaway rust bucket of a truck – useless and stiff but fervent in speeding towards its own death.  It’s an incredible sight. The rust bucket speeding proudly towards collision into a ditch or a tree; probably set on that path on purpose and if not, its demise is probably a blessing to its caretakers.
	For all of the glaring, the taunting, the mailbox shenanigans, and her furious indifference to them, a person may think she had become immune to ridicule. On the contrary, this wedding is a direct result of it. Danforth is reinventing herself.
 I still insist that Daryl and Danforth had a connection. A person reserves the right to deny herself a kindred spirit, and to pretend that the boy was anything close would be especially disingenuous.  Many attach themselves to him post mortem, and I’m not sure why. 
 He was not particularly disliked, or feared. He did not have an aura.  There was nothing mystical about him and she found his spirit to be dull and subdued.  His face was not particularly memorable, and his name carried an indistinct, typically rural ring.  Starting with the first day he plopped himself into the back row of her class, and ending with the day of her wedding (my last memory of him), she saw a boy with no future and no intention of making one.  It’s hard to imagine his story ending well, and of course it didn’t.
 Despite this, she takes private pride in believing that no one knew him like she did. 
 She had stopped into the Cue ‘n Brew on the way home from work to meet her dear friend Esmeralda, who had just returned from California and was eager to show off her new facelift.  
 She was, at that point, a frumpy divorcee. It was clear from the moment they met durin gher Junior year at Southeast Missouri State, that she only bothered attending college to meet a boy who would one day become a doctor.  She was liquored up quite intensely when she pointed and whispered, “Isn’t that the McAdams boy?”  Daryl was bent over the bar, yelling at Billy Joe, presumably because he wouldn’t serve him.  Looking at Esmeralda, she was undoubtedly analyzing his backside. This made Danforth blush.
“That boy is sixteen,” she muttered. 
“I know,” Danforth said flatly.
“There is just no way…” she trailed off, in a trance, mouth agape. “No way.”  She stiffened up and slid her straw into her mouth. Her eyes darted West, and back at Danforth, then West, then back at Danforth.  She must have looked puzzled, because Esmeralda whispered, “He’s coming over here!”  Danforth felt a brisk wind, and Daryl was sitting there, between her and Esmeralda, leaning on the back of the chair.
“Why, Daryl McAdams, what on Earth would you be doing here?” Esmeralda drawled.
“I’m trying to drink, Miss Raymond, but your boy Billy won’t serve me.”
Danforth would later say that was the first time she heard him speak. His voice was huskier, belied his age, and his accent Southern.  He stared Esmeralda down and she all but melted.
“Would you like to try mine?” Esmeralda asked in an embarrassingly flirtatious tone.
“I don’t know, Miss Raymond, what is it?” He smirked.
“It’s free.”
Daryl shrugged, flicked the straw on the table and swigged it down. “Mmm, that’s pretty good.”  
Esmeralda giggled and propped her head on her chubby fist. “Want more?” She batted her eyes.  Danforth wanted to vomit.
“Miss Raymond, you’re trying to get me drunk! You’ll have to carry me home, if you keep it up.”
“You’re a big boy, Daryl. You can handle it.”
At school the next day, Danforth avoided both Daryl and Esmeralda, but the latter had her radar on.
Over lunch, the two women talked about Danforth’s bachelorette party.
Danforth was never one for a party, and wanted to keep it simple. In fact, she wanted to have it in the rec center at Hawthorn Baptist. Esmeralda laughed at her.
“We’re having it at the Cue ‘n Brew”, she said. “Billy Joe won’t care. Or we could go with my original idea…”
“We are not having my bachelorette party at the strip club in Springfield. Jim would call of the wedding.”
“You should call off the wedding.”
For the next few days, Danforth noticed that Daryl McAdams was a more attentive student. During lecture, he eyed her—analyzing something, with a look of focused, clinical objectivity. It would have creeped her, if it wasn’t so curious.
For a moment, she wondered if she had fucked up by allowing Daryl to sit at their table, drinking. But she knew, as did everyone, what Daryl did, and when she thought about how many people—sitting in the bar, on that night alone—had been his client, she realized that truly nobody gave a shit about Daryl, or Danforth herself. Daryl was more or less a slave, and Danforth invisible. She remembered that everyone in Hawthorn had a role to play. Who cares, she realized.
The Thursday before her bachelorette party, Daryl approached her desk after class, asking to be tutored.
“There are fliers in the office and library for that,” she said, ignoring his piercing eyes on her chest. He touched her shoulder, and it felt like a serpent crawling up to her ear.
“I just feel like I need to learn from someone more experienced,” he cooed. When he becomes older, she thought to herself, boy, are we both going to feel ridiculous. She dismissed him, though she wanted to take him home, make him bathe and eat, and teach him about the world outside Hawthorn, should a person ever escape.

The inside of the Cue ‘n Brew was clean. There were streamers borrowed from the church basement, and a big glittery “Congratulations” sign over the bar. 
There was a young man in the corner, taping up a fallen streamer. She didn’t know who it was at first, but then she realized it was Daryl in clean clothes. There were her colleagues sitting at tables across the bar, chatting amongst themselves—the pretty blonde Home Economics teacher, with her knockoff Gucci bag from near the airport. She was chatting politely with the school secretary, which also happened to be Danforth’s cousin. All women, of course, except for Daryl. 
It took the women a minute to notice Danforth, but when they did, they cheered and squealed to welcome her. Daryl hopped off the ladder, strutted over to Danforth, and extended his arms as if to give a stiff hug. “Congratulations,” he said. “Your freedom ends soon. Enjoy the night.” She thought this a peculiar thing to say.
Esmeralda embraced Danforth, already drunk. “Heeey! Congratulations, honey!”
“What is Daryl McAdams doing here?” This slipped out before she remembered to say thank you. Esmeralda winked, and turned to everyone. “She’s here! Let’s all get fucked up.”
Daryl was the first to go. He leaned over the jukebox all night, chain-smoking and playing every Tom Waits and Hank Williams song contained within, more than once. 
After the gifts were exchanged, everyone seemed to be itching to leave, including Danforth. Daryl took shot after shot. Esmeralda offered him more, but he said “nope, can’t have whiskey-dick tonight.” Home Ec and Esmeralda both squealed and looked at him lustfully.
Daryl sat on a stool, away from the exiting herd. He flicked his lighter, staring at the flame. Danforth picked up her gifts, and Daryl offered to help her. “Can I get a ride?” he asked at her car, eyes glazed and voice raspier than usual.
“I’ll give you a ride!” Esmeralda chimed in. “Get in.”

Danforth got home, and tossed her gifts in the newspaper box her grandfather made. 
In bed, she saw headlights in her driveway. She heard a car door slam and tires squeal.
Someone knocked on the door.
Danforth, irritated, got up to check through her window. Daryl sat outside the glass door, knees to chest and smoking a cigarette. She cracked the door open. “What are you doing here, Daryl?”
“Esmeralda’s drunk ass took me here.”

Daryl sat at Danforth’s kitchen table, squinting at the lights harshly violating his eyes. Danforth made him coffee, which he chugged, and snorted dust off knuckles. She ignored it.
“What do you want to do now?” He asked, sheepish.
“What do you have in mind?” Danforth asked with surprising assertiveness.
“I’ve already been paid, and I’ve got the whole night.”
Danforth lost her nerve and looked down at her mug.
“I’m down for whatever,” Daryl said to fill the silence.
“I’m going to finish off the season of Golden Girls. You’re welcome to join me in the living room.”
You should have seen Daryl’s face.
But he did join her, flicking his lighter all laid back in the plush recliner.
“Bored yet?” Danforth said.
“I don’t get bored.”
“No?”
“No.” Then all of the sudden, “are you a virgin?”
“What?”
“You heard me.”
“Are you?”
“You’re kidding, right?”
“I don’t make assumptions.”
“Yes you do.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Yes. Know how I know?”
“Know if I’m a virgin, or know that I make assumptions?”
“That you make assumptions.”
“How?”
“You don’t smile. You always look pissed.”
“Maybe I’m not assuming. Maybe I’m scowling at things that actually happened.”
“Or things that you predict will happen.”
“Perhaps. But always based on what history tells me.”
“Whatever. Judge not.”
“You’re quoting the Bible.”
“Yeah. Surprised?”
Danforth was silent.
“So what do you know about me?”
“I know you should pay attention in class more often.”
“You look at me like you know something you don’t like.”
“I don’t know anything.”
“Do you think I killed Jon Black?”
“Gossip.”
“Is it true? Is it true gossip?”
Silence.
“You don’t make assumptions.”
Danforth looked him in the eye for the first time. He was starting to cry. He rubbed his face and looked down, staring at his lap. He slumped over, like someone had pulled the trigger on him.
“You could change, you know. You’ll graduate. You could get out of here.” Danforth acted like she understood why he was crying. She really didn’t think she understood.
“This is the only thing I know how to do.”
“You’re a very bright boy. You’re too young to give up.”
He moved deeper into his slouch, and took a couple of deep breaths. His body started to vibrate, and he fell into the floor, just as he did in Danforth’s class. He curled up into the fetal position, and his thumb edged up into his mouth. Daryl shook violently.
She understood for the first time that this was not involuntary. He was conscious. 
Danforth was taking her own advice. She was escaping her universe’s perception of her. For Daryl, there was pretty much no escape dramatic enough to work.
She watched him shake until he got tired, and he melted into deep sleep.   

MAYDAY
 To escape the morning heat blasting through the window, he hung his body into the open cab of the refrigerator.  His brown knuckles anchored over the top of the freezer, his eyes closed. His paunchy torso bent forward, as if he had given up the ghost and was mistakenly being drawn toward the friendlier light inside the refrigerator. The tetrafluoroethane penetrated his boxer shorts. This was bluntly painful, but kept him from completely wilting and became a familiar sensation after a few seconds.  
He did not sleep the night before because the head of the household caught him in the act. Panicked, he ran home. He thought the old man would come for him—either alone, or with his friends. 
Anyone’s house is easy to find in a small town. His home was especially marked, as he was the only black man to stay in that trailer park past Vietnam.  
His morning meditation--awkwardly leaning into the refrigerator dazed and numb--was an unplanned pose between struggled sleep and a psychic augury, and when the angry beating on the door started moments later, he did not respond. 
He mockingly welcomed them into his home. He let them come in with bruised hands and swollen knuckles. 
He became okay with what would happen. In the midst of his demise, he sought oblivion. He opened his eyes and fixed them on the refrigerator light until the spots took up his whole vision. He saw nothing and felt nothing, and once he was completely blinded, shut his eyes tight so that no light could pass through.
He imagined where his own body might be found later on, and tried to send the images in signals to his mother back in Mississippi. He took one more moment to fantasize about the old white men’s mug shots on the local news. They were red-faced and scrunched and wrinkled and constipated, aligned in a chart and captioned by their Christian names.
He opened his eyes when the trailer door swung open. The husbands were breathing like cattle and were tense. He could only smile. 
He turned around to face them. They assessed him with a collective look of physical arousal. Until they met, he figured that they didn’t want to kill him, but they were forced by an obligation to protect their property, or maybe Caucasian peer pressure. He liked to think they wouldn’t enjoy it. 
As they approached him he considered talking his way out of it. Instead he stared up at the ceiling as if to tell them to get it over with, and it was over quickly. Even he thought so.
When they found his bones in an old silo, no one was able to identify them.
 HOUSE FIRE
 Whereas Daryl McAdams sold the shit but grabbed hold of his soul before it shot out, Kenneth McAdams was just your typical bagwhore. As far as dope fiends go, he was the weakest piece of shit in the world because he couldn’t handle it. He zipped it on up his nose one time and motherfucker was hooked. He was born with a taste for it.

When Daryl and Kenneth’s mom died, both boys went nuts in different ways. It was talked about that maybe Daddy Redmond was their father, as Dad was caught several times with whores and that’s what everybody thought of the McAdams boys: Sons of a whore. Toby, who they knew as their dad, didn’t know what to do with Kenneth once he set the family dog on fire. That was way before their mom bought the farm.

Toby married Darlene back in 1981. She worked the pole at Cathy’s Cabaret over in Cape Girardeau, and they met while Toby was in blowing off some steam with the other boys he worked with installing feed tracks in chicken houses. Toby was a doofus, and he didn’t know that when they fucked that night, she thought of it as another turned trick. He proposed to her the next morning, and since Darlene wanted to quit the biz, she half-heartedly accepted. They were married two weeks later on the condition that Darlene quit stripping.

They made their way into Hawthorn, and joined Daddy Redmond’s church promptly, because you really don’t live in Hawthorn and not be active in church. Nine months after the house note was signed, she squeezed out Daryl and Kenneth, identical twin boys.

Kenneth would scream and cry and curl up and stop breathing; Daryl would stare into the abyss and make baby sounds.

Before Kenneth could talk or walk or even crawl, he knew about colors and shapes. “Point to the diamond,” they’d say, and he’d point to his mama’s ring. “Where’s your eye?” He’d point to his eye and squint the other one out of reflex. So everybody said he was a genius, but he was really just too open for his own good. When you’re that smart, you’re too sensitive. When you’re older, you’re expected to dull that shit down, because you’ll never survive otherwise. 

Kenneth’s brain just shattered at some point, and he’d get violent—so violent, that no babysitter in Hawthorn could contain him. No punishment went unpunished. So he was sent away at age 13, around the time Daryl started his hustling biz.

He was sent to Darlene’s sister, and her family’s home. There were three kids: Dani, the middle sibbling and only girl, Toby, the oldest one (named after the man who got Darlene off the pole), and Trent, the youngest.

Kenneth arrived, and was silent for two weeks. It seemed to be a silent protest. At the dinner table, he was asked something, and he said nothing. Lloyd, the father, was often on third shift and was hardly there, otherwise he might have backhanded Kenneth for being so rude. He didn’t know the half of it.

The first time Kenneth said anything, it was to 10-year-old Trent. 
“I watched you sleep last night.”
“Nuh-uh.”
“Yeah. You snore loud. I could have taken a pillow to your face.”
“Why?”
“To kill you, Dummy.”
Trent started crying. When Dani overheard and asked why, Kenneth stomped on her foot.

It didn’t take long before Sally noticed her bags were light, and her meds were going missing. Kenneth was obviously snorting her shit, but knowing his back-story, she never confronted him about it. She let it go on, and soon they were sharing openly. They’d stay up, night after night, and Kenneth would sometimes go missing for days while Sally slept. He’d come back with something heavy and wallop Toby with it, while Trent and Dani watched and screamed.

Lloyd got off third shift eventually, and that’s when the trouble really began.
At dinner one night, Kenneth, all spun out, showed up to the table in Lloyd’s hunting gear and sunglasses.
“Boy, what are you wearing?”
“It’s mine now. You were gone too long.”
“Take that shit off and stay out of my closet.”
Kenneth calmly reached into his pocket and pulled out a switchblade knife. “Eat your dinner, Fam, and then afterwards I’m going to kill you and pile your bodies up.”
Lloyd laughed, lunged across the table and pinned Kenneth to the wall. “What was that, boy? You’re gonna do what?”
“I’m gonna kill…” Lloyd spit in his face.
“You’re gonna do what?”
“I’m gonna kill…” Lloyd kneed Kenneth in the groin. Then he slammed Kenneth’s face into the table. Kenneth bounced off and landed on the floor.
“You’re gonna get up, wipe the blood off your face, and eat this nice dinner your aunt has prepared, is what you’re gonna do,” Lloyd said. “Then, you’re gonna take that shit off, and if you behave, there might be a clean pair of drawers waiting on you after your shower, you fucking glass dick-sucker.” Kenneth did as he was told.

The next morning, Kenneth awoke to Lloyd and the family at the table, doing the morning routine. Sally smoking her cigarette, and the kids eating cereal while Lloyd read the paper over bacon and eggs.
“Morning, everybody!” Kenneth said.
“Morning,” Sally said. There was a silence in the room that was usually there, but made weird by Kenneth’s presence.
“You know, Lloyd,” Kenneth said, “One time, my old man didn’t give me what I wanted, and his wheels came off as he was driving. Almost died.” Lloyd did not look up from his paper.
“You better hope I die, if that ever happens,” Lloyd said. He knew Kenneth hadn’t messed with the tires, because Kenneth had passed out and was checked up on several times during the night.
On his way to work, Lloyd almost crashed into a ditch. The lug nuts had been loosened. 
Lloyd beat the shit of Kenneth when he got home. Kenneth then beat the shit out of Trent the next morning, for no particular reason.
Sally walked in on the boys, and hit Kenneth in the back of the head with a greasy frying pan from that morning.
“You done fucked up, bitch,” Kenneth said. He casually walked to the kitchen, and the family was preparing to exit on foot, as Lloyd had the car. He came back with a huge kitchen knife. “I wasn’t playing when I said your bodies will be piled up,” he said.
It was Kenneth vs. the family, as he tried taking swipes at them, dodging and jumping on furniture to avoid being slashed. Dani approached Kenneth as he cornered Sally, and knocked him out cold with a frying pan.
It was at this time the children planned Kenneth’s exit.
Dani, a plump-faced, blond 8-year-old girl suggested that Trent use the gun he had been keeping under his pillow since Kenneth moved in. Toby suggested they crush a bunch of xanax and put it in Kenneth’s Kool-Aid. They talked a lot, but mostly they just had to wait for the right opportunity.

Kenneth was gone for over a week, and they thought they were rid of him, until Trent peeked out the bay window to find Lloyd pistol-whipping Kenneth against the tree. Kenneth was bawling, and Lloyd didn’t care.

Kenneth came in, nose broken again, sobbing quietly. “I have a concussion,” he said. Sally said, “I think Kenneth needs to go to the hospital.” Lloyd scoffed.

After Lloyd and Sally were in bed, Kenneth punched a sleeping Trent in the chest. Trent woke, coughing.
“Shut the fuck up,” Kenneth said. “You’re keeping me awake tonight.”
“Why?”
“Your cocksucker father gave me a concussion. You know what will happen if you don’t do it.”
At 2a.m., Lloyd went to work. Sally left with her girlfriend, probably to score but she said to go get cigarettes at the 24-hour place in Sikeston. Kenneth was asleep on the couch. Trent nodded at Dani, and she knocked him out cold with the filthy frying pan. Just then, Toby came in with the lawnmower gas.
Match lit.
Toby, Trent and Dani walked County Road 508 for thirty minutes before they returned. They talked about what town they would move to next. They talked about what church would be like in the new town. They talked about going to private school.
It was all fantasy, and even little children know the truth, before adults strip it away from them, only to replace it with a bunch of confusion and responsibility and drama.
But tonight, the kids ran the house. Tonight, they had their way. As Kenneth McAdams, engulfed in fire, cried out, they rejoiced, not caring what they had become. 

ERIC’S PEN STOPS WORKING
 Dear Hawthorn:
Goodbye. So long. Nice to know you. You’re all idiots. The end hasn’t come yet, but it’s near. Daddy Redmond says it’s because of our own doing. He’s right. We didn’t invite magic to take over. We stood by while it conspired to quietly overcome us. I would like to think in my remaining moments that I beat it to the punch. Please let me serve you, not a manifesto, or a diary, and don’t you dare think of this as a hallucination, but as a prediction. Every time the weatherman calls for a tornado, know that your number could be up. Trees will be uprooted, and so will what’s left of your minds. Your homes will evaporate. Wal-Mart parking lots may even go empty. Wish it wasn’t so, but you didn’t listen.
You could still turn it around. 
Lean outside your porches, and put your ear to the wind. Listen to the cries of your town’s heroes. Know how they suffer. Know that they suffer so that your vicious, hollow heads could be enlightened. 
I’m leaving you now to your own devices.
 Break the circle, Monkeys. And leave it broken, or die. It’s up to you.
Sincerely

Eric Redmond
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Jarod Powell is a native of Saint Louis, Missouri, and has written three books, as well as directed and produced several films taking place in his home state. He is currently writing and is set to play the lead role in the feature film Ferguson, which is a fictional film based on the recent events in Ferguson, Mo.
Find out more, and interact with Jarod at his public Facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/iamjarodpowell 
 


