

VALLEY OF FLOWERS

Chris Collins is the author of  Nicolas Kumar of which 
Valley of Flowers is one part. Previous publications include his 
first short story that was nominated for a Pushcart Prize. 
_______________________

Copyright © Chris Collins. All rights reserved.
Chris Collins asserts his right under the Copyright,
Designs and Patents Act to be identified as
the author of this work.

ISBN 9780982394908
ISBN 098239490X

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and 
incidents are either the product of the author's imagination 
or are used fictitiously. For more on this book go to 
@CollChris on Twitter or Google+

Book 1


This Book Is Inscribed To

Mr. Arnold Palmer

 


CONTENTS 

CHAPTER  1
CHAPTER  2 
CHAPTER  3
CHAPTER  4
CHAPTER  5
CHAPTER  6
CHAPTER  7 
CHAPTER  8 
CHAPTER  9 

CHAPTER 10 
CHAPTER 11 
CHAPTER 12 
CHAPTER 13 
CHAPTER 14 
CHAPTER 15 
CHAPTER 16 
CHAPTER 17 
CHAPTER 18 


Valley of Flowers
by CHRIS COLLINS
a novella

1

The Valley of Flowers ahead looked awash in sunrays and colorful wildflowers. All seemed so expertly arranged and crowding the valley in thousands and millions there would be no counting their number. Dew-gilded gleaming flowers appeared in maximum bloom. The glare captivated him and his senses took flight. Nicolas Kumar had arrived.

His trek had brought him to this mountain place on a crisp cool morning that was his birthday. The scene presented lent a warm ambiance to his interiors, yet he might have preferred his father had gifted him a brand new BMW.

The 17-year-old Indian youth, pinch-fit from regular workouts, held up to take a breather as for couch potatoes. He felt the blunt chill of low temperatures. In front of his face, puff clouds formed and dissipated from his outgoing breath. His hope now was for a good solid round here, on first seeing this famed valley's primal beauty.

Once more the school-going teenager breathed in deep that stretched his lungs to the utmost. In among the fresh, sweet open air was a fragrant scent he took in his lungs. Pleasures from this and the envisioned field permitted him a moment beyond measure. Gravity tugged.

Nicolas bowed to this mounting pressure. He exhaled while setting down his pack in a freestanding display. Gradually his breathing became more normal and he felt reassured. Now he thought being up in the Indian Himalayas was a timely step for him, and one in the right direction.

He took off his red fleece jacket, wrapped around his waist, and he laid it onto his standing rucksack. In a no-hurried manner he removed his cap and ran his fingers through his thick brown hair. His skin and wavy hair were a similar color brown with his skin darkened from the many hours out in the sun on the practice range, and while out on the course during play. 

Dark eyebrows shielded his curious and eager slate-gray eyes that were good and quick, sharper for sighting long wood and iron shots out of mid-air, and from spotting the errant ones lying in the long grass.

Nicolas returned his cap atop his head and crooked it with finger and thumb. He added more bend to the bill’s center. He looked at the flowers. He received bales full of colorful garlands, as each frame-to-frame picture in his mind's eye without exception solicited and obtained from him a brief promise to stay, and never return to the jungle of concrete and commotion, roads or dividing walls, nor ever go back to the unholy rolling on juggernaut of live wire.

He stared at this scene of immortal bliss and searched its tranquil wonders. Glee came through to make him smile. His readiness for the approaching contest suffered some from giddiness, as he stood self-consciously on the tee box square, gratification of the senses his highest goal.

"Teledensity has certainly not reached here," whispered the mostly city-centric youth.

Favoring pink Himalayan balsams, in a valley far from the maddening urban crowds, the plush sea of alpine flowers appeared in palpable excitement over the possibilities of this one fine day in paradise. 

Dotted here and there purple and blue, and raised from the Earth, here a blue poppy, there a cobra lily and edelweiss, the flowers in plenary portions seemed on proud, glorious display in an absolute must-have bouquet, and all looked nourished by a sparkling stream, rushing through a slight middling valley.

The spill off came from an in-the-distance small lake. Its check-dams appeared filled to the brim and stemming from a spectacular waterfall, flowing like champagne and then, Oh! A rainbow! The rainbow added shape to this cut cake, ordered for the occasion of charmed magic. And all got his mind into feeling divine timelessness and just right disarray.

Nicolas gazed at this sparkle. He took in the invigorating crisp clean air and view of a lifetime. He wondered who colored these many flowers. Consequently he fought for ownership of this prime piece of land. 

The battle within him, however, did not drag on. Inside, his immediate plan to claim this superb, untamed property was simply to roll out the world's best drive.

He closed his eyes in a pretend moment. He put his right hand high. He rested it against his encasing chest, charged with protecting his fast-fluttering heart. 

Nicolas resumed telecasting from this mountain place and great advertising space. He remembered with pleasure then one remarkable achievement. And what he recalled was qualifying for the Open Championship, only a fortnight back. This story of success repeated in his mind. He was pleased with himself also for making it up here without hiring a piththoo, or porter with a basket, to carry his pack or even himself. 

Nicolas peered out at the flowers and his eyes moistened. The valley looked peaceful, strikingly ablaze with sizzling pinks, stimulating blues, elegant electric greens, plus all-accompanying sunbeam yellows with a smart sporty feel, and gone forever here it seemed were the big city’s basic beiges.

Whoever drafted this course must have seen the brighter side, he thought. And look, what colors! Nothing I have known can compare with this! He then added a bit from the weatherman in him. And what a day this is too! The sky is nearly without blemish. You don't get many days like this, I should think.

Nicolas sensed something was missing. The presence of his father, his classmates and teachers, the city he always said he owed his success, were now all on his mind. But then he was taken in wholly by this many-flowered valley, while feeling strangely apart from it too.

He stood on the 1st tee as any nervy freshman on the first day of school. He felt it would take some time to come to terms with this illustrious new environment, believing any would need an orientation session here, akin to receiving a handheld walkthrough of the area.

The thought of getting help reassured him. This ignited in him the strong wish to make it back home, preferably in one piece and not too far off into the future, and that his father would no longer be angry with him. This jogged his memory into recalling his spoiled days of childhood.

Nicolas Kumar, a destiny’s child, born with a silver spoon in his mouth, recalled the seventh-heaven habit of being picked up after by doting as well as adoring servants, as with last summer, when he received a Bullet motorbike to ride round on, but only under a servant's supervision and just in the family yard. Now he thought all summers were blemish-free cards, filled with oceans of love and happiness.

He stood then in chilly wonder. He enjoyed this reliving of the happy days. Nicolas thought of his father at the time of qualifying for the Open Championship.

2

'Father, I have qualified for the British Open!'

Before Nicolas came bursting into the clubhouse with his glad announcement, his father had been debating with friends on who was the best ever to play the game. The names of players past and playing today were mentioned. 

His father had even offered his gentle son. 

And while the discussion participants were accustomed, chained-to scholars of the game that provokes and maddens, immersed in solemn contemplation at one moment, then eagerly arguing a point in another, the question was going mostly unanswered. 

When one brought up the name of a player playing in the present, this was opposed with the argument that this player has enjoyed playing with better equipment than those who had come before. When a player from the distant or not too distant past was suggested, it was argued that this player had enjoyed playing at a time when there was far less competition as the game's popularity was not nearly so great.

As the debate was heading this way, to a most uncertain conclusion, Nicolas, his admirers pleased with fame and victory and the crowd's loud voice emerging behind him, interrupted his father’s group yet again with his declaration. This stunned the crowd into a formal awkward hush. 

Only when Nicolas insisted on speaking out of place, by repeating his statement yet one more time, did he receive a response from his beloved father. 

His father smiled at first. He put on a fantastic 32-teeth display. He spoke his words clearly, firmly, to his son and for all to hear.

'Nicolas! It seems your ego is getting the best of you! Go now, and give it to death!'

Following this, the next several days at home were spent preparing for this departure. Nicolas Kumar, confused and heartbroken, begged his father's forgiveness and for some explanation. 

But none were given. In their place he was told where to begin his journey and which way to go. He was told what conditions he could expect once there, and to gather all the supplies he felt he would need and could reasonably carry on such a high mountain trip. He was also told to do it at once.

Mournfully, he sat alone in what was now the punishment corner of his room. Sadly, he turned his head towards the wall as to join with an imaginary other. Nicolas remained this way in a type of commiserating huddle. He had the feeling of being fastened to this unhappy other character. 

Nicolas struggled to catch some understanding of his hurts, his feelings of brokenness and resentments, along with his marring bitterness. 

Some time passed before he rose by will. He went to his study table to make out a list of things he wanted to have with him in the mountains. When this list became too long he tore it up and threw it out. 

Again, Nicolas conjured up a catalog of essentials and this list too was made overlong.

At about this time he pleaded out loud for the kitchen to come serve him. He called for a plate of croissants, along with a masala omelet with juice to be brought to him. Soon after he was enjoying another worthy entrée. He gobbled up precious pancakes, soaked in delectable syrup, along with hot-melted butter that was presented to him in his room.

That done, Nicolas felt more or less ready to get down to the business of preparing. He directed his mind to a single task without mood swing and soon found a solution there. 

He would begin with a number. 

Nicolas began with the weight he knew he could carry, twenty-two kilograms. He added two kilos to this. As his clubs would be the heaviest items in his pack he went about seeing to them to start. 

Along with his three wedges, two woods and a putter, he logically considered minimizing his tote by taking with him only the odd-numbered irons, though not a 1-iron as he did not carry one. He reasoned that if a shot required an 8-iron, he could either jump on a nine or ease off a seven. 

As for retaining both woods, he hoped to take advantage of the added distance the thin air offered, as there would be no telling how long some holes might be up in the Himalayas. Driver included, he felt quite capable with his woods off the fairway. He felt confident too, given reasonable lies, he could achieve good height on most shots hit with them. 

Nicolas reviewed his club selection once more. He lingered on the idea of flat refusing one of his three recovery-agent wedges. Faced with the decision of leaving behind his pitching wedge, his lob wedge or sand wedge, Nicolas was not as certain as he had been with his standard irons. 

The difference in shot length between his sand wedge and his lob wedge was approximately twenty-two meters; the difference between his pitching wedge and sand wedge was another twenty meters, and not the concern. 

What he wanted from them most were their cutting blades, unique to each, with varied uses and customized for him. 

Finally he decided to retain all three. Nicolas determined he would not want to be faced with a greenside recovery shot when one of the left-behind wedges was clearly required. 

Believing his selection had been sensibly made, Nicolas pulled from his bag the chosen clubs of his regular set. He took them to the rice vendor for weighing at the outdoor market. When asked to weigh the clubs, the rice seller had given him a questioning look.

'What is the use of these sticks?' asked the mustachioed vendor, placing the clubs on the weighing scale. 

One answer came from the vegetable stall next door that was the market hub. 

'Police truncheons,' said the vegetable seller, handing a bag of onions to a customer. 

'Made special for the Centre,' affirmed the happy customer accepting the goods. 

Nicolas explained the use of the weighed clubs. And while still distraught over his current bleak plight, he marveled too then that even in this mega city, in this modern day and age, there were still those who did not know the enslaving game known as golf, or even himself now, Nicolas Kumar, idol to hundreds of thousands and made famous recently by his name and image being broadcast round the world. 

The scale read four kilograms. And although he had the expectation of a higher number, he was not at all pleased with the amount. Savings in weight, he reasoned, would have to come elsewhere. 

Eventually, Nicolas would carry a modified-down pack (670g) that included other ultra-lightweight camping gear, such as a goose-down sleeping bag (960g), with liner and pad (400g), one silicone-flyweight tent, yellow, with soft pegs and weighing 1.2 kilograms, along with a mini-stove and fuel bottle (350g), a water bottle, full, weighing just under two kilograms, a less-than-a-liter cooking pot (120g), a bowl, a pint-sized cup with a spoon, 5x10 binoculars, a medical kit, a short rope and small knife, a 288 rupee grey umbrella, plus a torchlight and lighter, a fold-up shovel, sunglasses and sun cream, a sun cap to protect him from the burning high-altitude sun, a toothbrush, tooth powder, soap, and one quick-dry towel that would also be on his priorities checklist. 

He would have with him a dozen-and-a-half balls (45g each) arranged in the box as a truncated triangle, 3 4 5 6. 

Nicolas would bring with him cold weather clothing too, like a windcheater and gloves, an extra pair of briefs, dry-fast synthetic socks, black polypropylene tights, shell pants or overtrousers, a long-sleeved T-shirt, beneath a dark-blue pullover, coupled with his red jacket and clutch pack. 

And because he liked them, and since they were already well-broken in, the hiking boots he planned to wear would be the waterproof, Italian-made pair his father had brought back for him from Nepal. 

Nicolas always wore a watch on his wrist when he played, and for this trip too he would have with him round his neck a small compass in the form of a red whistle.

As for food he would buy most of it in the hilltop village at the start of his trek. Altogether he judged the food to weigh around 4 kilograms. It would consist of muesli, flat round breads, two-minute noodles, freeze-dried veggies, pasta, beans and some rice. 

Powdered milk would also be incorporated. He would have his all-important tea, a mixed bag of nuts, a compliment of chocolate bars, all of which were readily available at the hill station's kirana store. 

Preparations too, he well knew, included leave-taking away from his much-loved father. 

Matched with math questions, his budget, regarding his days-long play up in the Himalayas, Nicolas had continued preparing for any and all unknowns. 

For this career timeout, he carried on thinking up the worst possible scenarios and he tried planning for them. 

And there was little time. Soon approaching was his train journey overnight, then bus ride further up the mountain, leading the next day to a showtime Wednesday morning that was, to him anyway, Moving Day.

Nicolas returned in his mind to this garden paradise. He came back to this 1st tee box where community members from the lower village had, decades ago, brought up two bronzed pots to work as tee markers. 

On the slopes of the valley he noticed scattered here and there a few pint-sized trees, their limbs with their leaves blowing in the occasional whipped-up cool breeze. He felt this high garden was a faultless example of what could be achieved on Earth: an oasis of perfect peace, plain and simple. 

Nicolas took more mental note of the incredible flower concentration. He gazed at all that was arrayed under a brilliant sun. He believed all had been set there just for him.

3 

Just then Arjuna emerged carrying a large conch onto the tee-block platform. The old man made his self present amid this incredible earthly activity on tremendous scale. Walking and breathing with effort, underneath the illuminative shade of his rainbow-colored umbrella, Arjuna gratefully unsaddled and set down his pack, his self sitting and resting on it. He sat ruling the roost from there in the center of this fantasma. 

Arjuna had a boyish grin on a deeply tanned face. His experienced smiling eyes, great gifts from having seen so much of the world with a balanced attitude, showed bright while sparkling intense depths. 

The old man's hair looked like puffs of white clouds, not too unlike Lord Indra’s who playfully stole heavenly cows in the old Vedas tale. His hair behind his ears had the color of clouds also, but was a touch rain-bearing. 

Arjuna was kitted out in synthetic black pants that were modern and popular for trekking. To Nicolas, the old man appeared more familiar with the age of silk ties, plus fours and argyle socks. 

He wore a blue-down jacket to keep himself warm in the cool mountain air, and draped around his neck was a pale-white shawl. The hand-spun, pashmina shawl rose and fell some with his jacket reacting to his lungs taking in repeated deep breaths. 

The old man nodded in a kindly way. He raised a hand to signal a short break or perhaps start up like the band. This somewhat smiling elder held out for more air while resting. 

For having entered the valley of immortal bliss, Arjuna straightaway had the cheerful suspicion from the old myth of being carried off by nymphs and fairies. He delighted more in large dollops of mysticism. He wondered what additional mysteries were contained in the age-old stories from here, recorded in the Hindu holy tracks he cherished.

With a touch of bewilderment, Arjuna half-expected trained musicians with flutes, maestros from the Gwalior gharana, accompanied by hip-shake dancers, bedecked in red-and-white saris, with their tinning bangles, jingle-bell anklets and cheering enthusiastically, to come swooping down on the wind, roll off onto this flowerful carpet, or glitzy affair, to stand positively before him and performing in 3/4 time.

"Look!" cried Nicolas, standing at the front of the tee box. "Isn’t it beautiful?" And with a sweep of his arm he added a slow stroke over this celebrated land.

Just off the tee was a blue-flower cluster. From this patch of blue poppies, growing out inexplicably from a crackless stone, the old man's mind rose more above the material mundane. Arjuna's meditation was then on one blue leaf. 

He looked to one patch of grass. The grass stood near the stone from which these flowers grew. 

Among the luminaries present, a butterfly fluttered about. The butterfly gave this nature lover the opportunity to observe near at hand the fine art of flying. 

Arjuna watched this flier flit from flower to flower and for a moment he marveled, wondering gladly, though not for the first time, how this one fine thing was indeed possible. 

He felt not love for this poetic gathering of butterfly, rock, flower, along with his humble self, but a joyful anxiety, characterized as the will to do something in this world and make some difference. 

The old man considered worthwhile a strategy to serve, or at least put a smile on the faces of these citizen creatures for here. Arjuna flouted more this norm or strong feeling to give back. He held out an upturned hand. He wished to give a good landing place to this butterfly and O so valiant flier. 

His sight ascended tens of thousands of kilometers then, as he looked to the grand eternal expanse or bottomless blue business that was this morning’s sky. 

Arjuna peered lower, towards the current pantheon of telling points. He gazed at this range’s seven snow-clad peaks. The old man looked to the constructed castle spree up in the crisp cool air. The mountains seemed prone to long-term fits of melancholy. 

His focus came back then, though not resting on one flower cluster, or swath of blue poppies, brilliantly illumined and standing sprightly out of a solid stone, nor was his focus on this colorful communion, where the gods had seemingly tossed down flowers as darts for over a millennia, but on the minute. 

Just then the ground before him abruptly broke open. Through the popped-up tuft of grass a single stem rose. At first this flower came up unsteadily. It went on to put out boldly though the hard knot of a new bud. 

Arjuna watched this miracle of life grow. He saw it rise, struggle to mature, amid the elements and the ever-present life changes. He moved to get a closer look. The old man wanted to study better a water bubble that had miraculously formed on one fragile leaf. To him, the reverse image that showed on the bubble's face reflected well a delicate avant-garde or work that is experimental. 

Arjuna felt the tinge of apprehension. He fretted some over the fate of this flower with the O so subtle gleam. 

The old man was concerned its shine could be broken by so much as a scratch from a butterfly's foot. 

The flower reached a peak. Arjuna felt blessed for having seen this beauty grow up, evolve amidst all here and then age. He watched this flower begin to wilt. Arjuna observed the flower bend low now, onto the ground, to die. 

"Yes," he said, in answer to the youth's original question. "What we resist persists in this miracle and daily informs us that much in this world is O so agreeably lovely."

The comment supported and got keys to this faultless earthly palace,which readily serves all, together with the coarse, the poor and downtrodden, the powerless and the voiceless.

"Well," said Nicolas, fashioning to gain control of these pretty premises, and he was well on the lookout now for this opportunity while the art market was still booming. "If life is going to bring this opportunity, and I do get my fair chance, I should do fairly well here." 

With this, Arjuna reached in his pack to rustle up an item to give this eager young fellow. On finding it the old man held the thing out for him to come take. 

"Here," he said. "Inside a map is provided with descriptions of the holes you will encounter along the way. The map shows their lengths and pathways to them. Do you have a compass with you?" Arjuna asked.

Nicolas felt through his shirt for the compass-as-whistle hanging round his neck. 

"Yes," he said happily, stepping over to the old man. 

"Good," said Arjuna. "Now I have written a few words for your record of play. These hymns to the gods are meant to be heard. So, when you read them to yourself they will be heard! If you find they are useful to you, sing their praises by please using them."

When Nicolas thought the old man was done speaking, he put his hands together at the chest meaning I recognize the god within you. He bowed slightly to this elder and teacher. He accepted the handmade coursebook with both hands. He did this as if receiving possession papers to a grand palace, or accepting the keys to creation, happy to get custody but sad too because he sensed all this gift-giving might soon be over. 

As the old man moved to sit more comfortably, Nicolas opened his course journal there and then. He began reading to himself the old man's written mantra for this 1st hole, on the Indian Himalayan course known as Truind.

There are various ways of warfare, not merely with simple metal weapons, having a reflective, meditative mind among them. Become expert in these many other ways. Begin your duty then, providing an unmatched contribution.

Nicolas concentrated on the note. He looked at its strange script for some significance. He mulled over one fragment of this teacher's say of words to arrive at some gist. 

Happy in the garden already, on a day made for doing endless somersaults, he felt the message in the handmade textbook were meaningless lyrics to a song, and so Nicolas lifted an eyebrow then shrugged. 

"All right then," he said not comprehending, though feeling quite the star or darling to the masses. Again he looked at this teacher’s curious say of words. Once more his mind ventured out. But then he gladdened at this note, which he felt had come from a loving lord. 

Nicolas told himself to get serious and to concentrate. Still he appeared only ready to accept a funny one-liner. He felt performing on this initial stage was all about having fun. He believed a series of triumphs were sure to be his.

But just as Nicolas looked up from his course journal as a giggle-puss, there roused in him an element of curiosity. This doubt puffed, swelled up to become a great cloud of suspicion, hanging as if over his head. 

Nicolas had no idea what the subject matter was. This left his thinking as the breeze, in something of a drift. Then a cold wave of air swept through to chill and even buckle up his skin. 

The mystery note had not gone away. It held up motionless, ordinary, markedly self-denying as a vacant cartoon bubble, when just then a solitary message appeared in it as a Pop! in any Eureka moment. 

The bolt-from-the-blue communication struck and pierced his exalting heart. It had him reeling under this new red-flagged occasion. It spawned in him a simple though urgent question. Where is the fairway?

4 

One answer came as a heavy thud. This was followed fast by his quick-beating heart. Right before his eyes there seemed to be a severe paint-peeling going on. This marked well his extreme disappointment. 

Nicolas staggered some in his thoughts. He felt barely able to stand also, physically. If he toppled, Nicolas imagined he might appear as yet another hooch tragedy, emanating from the alcohol-selling state of Gujarat. 

He looked eyes-glazed over the flower valley. He peered at what had once been his exact image of perfect peace and absolute goodness. 

He scanned the multitude of flowers that sparked his fears. He looked dartingly there and there. 

Once a tall, 185 cm figure and proud, Nicolas felt greatly diminished. He stood in silence. He looked for any space for an escape. He saw in the violent realities there was no known room without occupying flowers. 

His hopes sank to their lowest lows. His eagerness now was plainly missing as with state funds being siphoned. 

Nicolas inhaled deeply. He found all this hard to digest. 

What is this all about anyway? he thought.

More words out of frustration may have come from him had there been no real self control. At this time he thought to cast himself in the role as a defender. 

Nicolas felt these flowers with their bright worried faces were like candles lighted in protest. He heard them raise hue and cry over the desecration issue. He thought the time spent coming up this high heap had all been thoroughly wasted.

He looked down and drained. Nicolas was convinced he would be heading back down the mountain soon. He had dreams of idle perfection. He turned to Arjuna to express his deep concern. 

Having seen the change coming, the old man had readily risen. Arjuna looked prepared, standing, waiting beside his small pack. He stood unmoving, not shuffling nor shifting about. He appeared ready and willing, as with any good mentor, to accept whatever may come from the aggrieving youth. And Nicolas did speak.

"Sir, you confuse me," he said in an upset voice. "Am I to hit into these many flowers?" 

Nicolas felt he was at some life crossroads. He braced to cope. He stared at the array of colorful wildflowers without having much hope for them. 

"Destruction before creation," said Arjuna tenderly, as in a condolence message. 

This communication was delivered soft. It arrived as if at his doorstep, however, as a norm-buster. Nicolas replayed the message from this good teacher. Again it went off as a planted bomb. A moment of some silence passed between them. Both understood without thinking of it that silence in their culture was not at all offending. 

Still the quiet felt like an affronting whipped-up wind. 

More seconds passed where each thought the other should say something. The old man caved first. 

Initially, Arjuna broke the silence with a throat-clearing cough. He then added a retiring line that denoted grave kindness. 

"It is always this way," he said," and in this way beauty calls."

Nicolas was in turmoil, his eyes fixed and housed terror. It seemed as if bricks and rubble had been strewn all round. He stood there in bits and pieces. 

For his part, Arjuna resisted the base urge to rectify or even solve the problem. He sought only to add to this correct code of conduct. The old man used his influencing strong voice that made starting play here seem almost mandatory.

"Finally," said Arjuna, "this is Shiva and this is love."

At first Nicolas tried to understand this fine nuance. Then he had a look suggesting that even attempting to understand this high philosophy could only boomerang back onto him. 

As playing here would be quite unjust, it occurred to him motivating others, to perhaps join some movement, would be his highest priority. It dawned on this peace promoter too that a candlelight vigil, set for the evening say, might help highlight the grave hazards in playing here.

Only at the last minute did Nicolas move away from saying aloud his wild slew of schemes. He had no desire now to step onto this many-flowered valley, or subtlest example of the Divine Mother’s good grace. 

He looked to Arjuna for some change of heart. He saw only that the old man was ready to speak more. 

"Now it's best for you not to know too much truth," said Arjuna with consternation, "or concern yourself with too much understanding. If you were to come to know All, you would not for a single moment think to harm another, eat the flesh of an animal. This I am quite sure. If you were to know All, a look of horror, Absolute Truth’s first salvo, would bolt across your face in a lightning’s flash. Maybe you would fall to your knees just then and bleat like sheep. Along my many life-wanderings, I have seen this look numberless times. For you, and it will not always be this way, moving towards wisdom is by performing deed, for yourself and for All That Is, and only by performing deed do you make Truth be your vow. These are the words I care to express to you, so enjoy heatedly then, by getting out there and performing, as there can be no substitute, all the while remembering that from the four main points of the compass, as well as from above and below, life will come at you. So be ready."

Arjuna allowed a few seconds to pass without speaking more. He gifted himself this break to take in a quantity of air. He replenished his expended breath. Then he went back into the hunt.

"Now I ask you, Nicolas, what are you hesitating about? Go on and take on this battle. Get into the game now and carry out your born-into promise."

Nicolas looked out at a sea of distressed flowers. This had him thinking he was not at all ready for this horrific hand and foot action. 

I cannot think of such an act, Nicolas told himself. To say I would even consider playing here is really quite scandalous and perhaps subject to libel. 

Nicolas felt sure hitting into these bands of colorful sharp dressers was not one of his options. He wished to escape from this high place. He had the urge to retire to a life of quiet contemplation. 

Nicolas stepped up ways to do away with this situation. In a repeated message he told himself, and rather angrily this time, Just end this thing and head back! 

He wondered next how it might be to send his drive into this colorful perfumed lot. No, he thought. Hitting into this flower valley, which seemed to accept gladly all that came its way, was something I cannot see myself doing. And he discarded the notion wholesale.

There is only one choice to make, he told himself steady and sure. The choice is either to enter and begin play here or do not at all. 

One plan stood out prominently in his mind. It was to give an apology to this good teacher, leave here quietly and be back home at the earliest. This was acted out first inside his head. But then, without thinking more of it, he openly said so. He looked to Arjuna and told him plainly. 

"I'm sorry if you have been inconvenienced. But I object to this." And for a split moment all action escaped him. 

Nicolas looked to the many-flowered valley. The sight of ripe immortal peace in his path overwhelmed him with grief. He experienced a crisis in his own citizenship here. 

Nicolas Kumar, son of a thoughtful scholar but chemist by profession, possessing a blameless character, lifted his eyes to the silvered heights for guidance. All came to a standstill for him then as no help seemed forthcoming. 

He stood feeling coltish. Nicolas wondered what more he might do. Piously inside he heard a lot of cants. No hope pressed. 

One thing Nicolas knew he could do was put up a brave front in the face of this big playing meltdown. Inside his heart ached.

How can fate be so unkind? he thought. 

Again he looked mournfully out at the Valley of Flowers. He sank down then, as if time and space had both collapsed. His back he held erect. The heel of his right foot pressed firm at the base of his spine and he said, "I will not."

5 

Nicolas sat planted as a seed or sapling. In perfect silence he stayed still there, not moving and also not doing. 

By changing the form of a crucial verb, Nicolas, stricken, knew he had undertaken his firmest reservations here. He felt at the core of some supreme righteousness. He made believe too he was calm and not that wounded. He planned to stay where he was, sitting there doing not much. He appeared ready for a good long fight ahead. 

In demonstrating this asan from classical yoga, Nicolas attempted next to not have one thought-desire. 

He set his mind for some compressed repair. Nicolas closed his eyes. To any who happened by, he was glad he would appear as one who is holy, an astute guru in his own right, unraveling the immense mysteries of the vast universe. He entertained the idea of staying this way for all time. He felt he could stage this strike or dharna until hell froze him over. This could come in just a few months’ time, he quickly figured out, by the onset of an early winter.

A fresh moment passed where otherwise he might have been up and doing. Lid-blinded he stared into dark chaos.

Nicolas felt the urge to act. He moved his forearms down onto his knees. His forefingers and thumbs touched to form a pair of neat circles. In this way he struck a near-perfect pose of achieved bliss or perceived blessed joyousness.

He got more settled. Nicolas hoped to show his nobleness more. He sensed the flowers come in close and he opened his eyes. The flowers looked as if they wished to thank him and to somehow aid him. They appeared to move in closer. 

Nicolas sat feeling loved, surrounded by these visitors. He imagined they were grateful for what he was now doing for them individually, as well as for the community as a whole. 

The pulsating sea of flowers came in crushingly close then to try and compress him. He next imagined them showing a more friendlier What's up? attitude towards him. 

Nicolas sensed the flowers turn angrily west at him. They appeared to him as any large crowd on a railway platform. He made believe they were gathering expectantly for their final shuffle, sudden rush, push and hard shove, towards the one exhibiting the awe-inspiring bright light. 

He then created a sense that railway police officers were present. Nicolas had the coppers take up positions over all in the valley. He had them holding up their lathis, or baton weapons to be used on the flowers if needed.

Nicolas gave his attention next to these mountain pillars. They stood as giant law-keepers over all in the valley. The Indian Himalayas outlined strikingly the area's terrain that bordered on rich decadence. He was unhappy then with the breeze coming in which no player worth his salt could ever really trust. 

An electrifying charge permeated the chilly atmosphere.  Nicolas again took refuge in his mind. He militated more against playing up here. He considered a fast-unto-death. 

He cited under his breath, Nobody can dictate terms to me, recent qualifier of the Open Championship, not even this good teacher, learned as he appears to be. 

Nicolas pondered this until realization surely thumped him that he was indeed being made to play into these flowers. 

He said aloud and defiantly, "No, I can’t possibly. I cannot soil my hands by striking out at those near and dear to me."

"And by pause do you defend your position any better in this world," said Arjuna. "By not striking out and entering this fray," he added, "do you—"

"Yes, but this is not a fair way!" erupted Nicolas, sensing no scope for mercy. He said to himself, What could Father and this good fellow have been thinking? May God bless all such people with some sense. 

"I cannot say what is fair and not right," the old man said in an even, modest tone. "Maybe seeing things just and so is, yes, unfair. Wouldn’t you say that good and bad traverse this course together? Perhaps you are more accustomed to fairways made from Benares silk. No doubt I am behind the times, but may I call you sweet?" Then in a more serious manner he added, "Now is the time, dear Nicolas, for you to convert this place into your own fair way virtue and exhibition ground, as it is all experience anyway."

"But I do not want this freedom!" cried Nicolas, stating this at some volume. "Give me the tried and true knowing most everyone enjoys, as I have no desire to change anyone. I have only to adjust for them and things will be made right."

Nicolas went quiet. But then he added, "Have you not been telling me since we began all are kin?" 

And in his grief more sorrowful words came from him. 

With tenderness from a kind heart the old man listened. His gentle consideration of the youth, the luckless warrior here, sympathetically understood his grief to be much like his own when he was young and in the company of his exalted teacher. 

At that long ago time, when shockingly pitted against his cousins, the old man remembered how he had undergone his own power crisis. 

Nicolas had the idea now that nothing could lift him above his current state of demurral. He thought that no one need advise him. As the battlelines had been clearly drawn, it occurred to him that not even a police lathi-charge could get him to start his play here. 

At this time, the challenge-busting feeling sat inside him as a yogi in near-perfect posture. 

Nicolas looked to his clubs sadly. They remained standing by and idle. This put him in a more fouler, brooding mood. 

His sad eyes sought Arjuna’s. His eyes looked as one on the verge of filing a mercy plea. But excusing this youth, by giving him some sympathy waiver, was not at all what this good teacher was willing to do. And Nicolas saw that. 

Tension gripped. The feeling of no intention ruled him. 

Nicolas remained seated in this magnificent outdoor space. He carried on making remarks in his mind. This produced yet another good start for more mental agitation. 

Will you be the offender or the offended? Nicolas asked his self. No, he answered and his gloom darkened. And while using his guile he added, "I will be neither the offender nor the offended."

6 

Nicolas showed his firm intention. He had a look on his face that reached this elder soft as a baby’s touch, and the message was that he, Nicolas Kumar, the Unbegun, would be spending an infinite amount of chill time at this spot. 

Arjuna smiled. He knew the difficulty in understanding this high philosophy. The old man was not upset, nor was he at all troubled by this refusal. He felt gratified only thinking mildly, This is the way it is. 

The old man eased back in his mind. His eyes went more remote. He returned to his own formative years. He threw more light onto his distant playing past. 

The one with the lifelong adolescent smile had returned to his earlier playing self. He was again in the company of his exalted teacher. This guide stood all but solidly beside him plain as day. His life tutor was instructing him then in the most high-ranking way. And the message was he must go out into this world to perform.

The old man came back to the valley when he felt more in favor of fighting today’s battles than yesterday’s. All was not lost, however, as Arjuna had brought back with him one nugget of advice.

"Hardest of all and by a long shot," he said, "is the going out after the battle, to carry on correctly, while struggling to live daily by these high ideals, and not fall back too often."

Arjuna wished to press on hard now. He sought to give his youth-rendered philosophics a more serious twirl.

"There are no graves here," he said. "Eliminate this first mistake. Take time to understand this, and years may not do, but come to know its verity. Remember, all alive will live always and never have you not been, and nature, while rewarding action, allots little to indifference."

The old man went quiet. He appeared to be formulating what next to say. Then he was back at it, instructing in the fine art of enlightening. 

"Now is the time for you to show your great talents," the old man said, "being as they are reputed, and to discover a true happiness that is already yours. You are young. Know inexperience as opportunity and nothing to fear. So think well here, dear Nicolas. Come up in life and not down in spirit as performing task is your great instinct."

Nicolas Kumar refused to budge. Without hint of tiredness or perceived disappointment, Arjuna contentedly continued. 

"Nothing can be achieved without drive," he said. "And fairest best is the achiever. With your ambition, exciting changes will happen now to you. So do act, Nicolas, if it wills you. Remember, on this day along with most others there is need for action."

Nicolas lifted his eyes to the soaring Indian Himalayas. He thought little of Arjuna’s words. He felt pushed into this brooding mood. He then began hatching a marvelous plan. 

When Nicolas had more or less worked it out, he shot back with more lip sympathy. 

"I am aware of this yet my troubles are not ended. The ball is tiny, and from my view the target is minute and far off. Can we not just bypass this colorful patch?"

No answer came. A long pause between the two ensued. The talking break seemed to chill even the quite cool air. 

Nicolas planned to say not one thing more. He told himself it would not be him who spoke first. But then he did so. 

"Is it not preferable to forgo play here than to harm these many flowers?" he said. "Why must I hit into this trouble? What is the purpose served in using this brute force? How could this possibly lead me to get better?"

He surveyed a cruel landscape. In an ultimate do-nothing show, he then held his breath that lasted upwards of half a minute. Nicolas discovered this one life responsibility was most difficult to deny. 

With relief he started in again with the activity known as simple breathing. 

For a time Arjuna remained silent. He needed this break, between added talk, to think up ways to answer the youth’s many posed questions. He wanted to reassess his approach also, along with his tone. Once the old man had figured it out, he returned to instructing though more gently. 

"Dear Nicolas" he said. "Shake off halfheartedness and do the needful. The feeling of enjoy for you wants to go in: in study, in work, in society from which you take and give back. Go into your faith as well, as you go into these high hills stuffed to capacity with outstanding history. Go into this happy-sad world and find your way to create. It will not come to you naturally. This burden comes to you as a blessing as well as a curse. And the meaning of enjoy is to go out into this world to create and give back joyfully, for yourself and for others, along with for All That Is."

Throughout, Nicolas sat with his head downcast. At this time the thought of not playing weighed on him. When he felt sure Arjuna was done speaking, he looked up from his sorry low position. Nicolas affixed sad eyes on this teacher.

"Is it that I am afraid?" he said.

"It is not only this," answered Arjuna, continuing in his limitless compassion. "What is more you have done well in this form science. But science is a friendly shepherd dog wearing spiked collar to discourage hungry, truth-seeking leopards. My thinking is this way anyway. What’s more are fear’s opposites, love and truth. Science is not love, can it then be truth? Truth is we have life. That is truth. And truth is we will die. The voice will not. The soul and the voice are the same to me. They have a kind of vibration. So when you are talking the voice leaves the body in the shape of the breath. And it is all there: your thoughts, what you have been doing, and what you say. That is why it is important to take good care of the words you use because they are you. Of course truth too is this: the equal equation of saying and doing and all you have been thinking."

The old man went quiet. He allowed a moment to pass in absolute silence. Then he said, "What’s in your past is done now. Your previous thoughts, your words and actions, all have a life of their own, so you may leave them there or visit sometime as you wish."

Feeling hemmed in, Nicolas looked away from this good teacher. His mind went on another rampage. He still had serious suspicions over playing here. His eyes searched all round as any cornered animal's. He looked to the blue skies for what he held sacred. Quiet in him returned. 

Nicolas put together his palms at the chest. He mumbled an oft-recited prayer. He hoped this act of penance might get stamped as recorded in the afterworld, for use in his future help. 

"Sending this prayer into the world is well and good," said Arjuna, jumping in at another opportunity to inform. "But do you have the expectation something will be done by it?" 

The youth's mood brightened. His sagging spirits rose to new heights. As he had a ready-steady answer for this, his feelings achieved uplift. His thoughts too changed for the better. He felt his future few remarks could rehabilitate him. 

Nicolas got even more keyed up. It felt like cheer time. 

The human heart is made up of human flesh, he recited inside as preparation. And prayer is what the mind makes up, which comes from the heart. 

Nicolas considered this while remaining still seated. He felt certain his forthcoming explanation would bring him back from this hard edge. He believed his future comments may grant him full recovery. 

Due to his teacher’s words, Nicolas seemed set again to soar. His only giveaway was a crafty, sly smile that was almost indiscernible.

Nicolas Kumar paused as if deep in thought. He shared this moment with God. Then, in a tick, as if he could not hold it in any longer, he was ready to pounce back with the correct quote.

"Well, I do," he said, attempting to hide his glee. "While I do not pray for someone to save me, I hope the Goddess Mother would see me as sincere and reap blessings, yes." 

"Hope is a vanity," said Arjuna, admonishing the youth gently for his earnest appeal. 

A moment of some silence stood squarely between them as an eerie phantom. Tension rose. 

In the core of this, Arjuna wished to change the subject. He thought to say a pleasant morning walk, or taking regular exercise, was better than accepting the best help from some one other, meaning mostly himself. 

Still he remained quiet. More time passed before Arjuna set out to break the disturbing calm. 

"Used as expectation," he said, "hope becomes a mode only for spiritual ignorance, clouding what is otherwise a clear-blue sky." 

Nicolas looked to the sky described. He gazed next at this fantastic bowl of land that was cushion-like. He peered out at the valley lit ablaze with bright color. 

Nicolas felt dazed and deflated. He seemed under the spell of harsh diseases. With no sign yet of correct culture to guide him, his heart sank more. He appeared at sea over what to do next. 

But then he did do something. Abruptly Nicolas stood up from his throne. The new entrant to this flowerful arena stepped off the tee block square without uttering a word. He strode down to the water. He walked briskly as well as forthrightly down to the fast-flowing stream. He appeared ready to fight. He had on a look of defiance in performing some duty. 

7 

At the water’s edge he saw a small signboard. It was bolted to a vile stake stuck firmly, though savagely into the given green ground, as if on the front lawn of someone’s placid-looking home reading: Test your manhood some other way than by shooting at harmless birds, plants and animals! 

The 17-year-old, with not much hope left, bent down at the limited unclaimed property, or slight clearing by the blue stream and kept on edge. 

The school-going teenager was then on his knees in the peculiar palms' pose that had him looking like one large animal the sign had just cautioned. 

From this brute-beast position, living life would be only to find prey, breed, and settle down out here somewhere for the nights. 

After the swift parking of his hands, onto the grassy floor, Nicolas went forward as far as he could without tumbling in. He leaned over where there was a meditative pool of water to look into. On arrival at this auspicious place, he was nearly prostrate before settling back some. 

He took one long look at the being floating directly beneath him. It lay face up in the shallows. It immediately sent back its side of the picture: an effigy on the spot. 

Laid bare to him there, appearing to await its full embrace, was his ghostly darker twin for which he had a twinge of dislike. Curiously he saw himself as a threat. But then the look on his face grew into an ever-widening gyro, from a dropped bead of sweat off his brow. 

The water picture appeared to seek out wildly then a spot far from this center. It looked to be fleeing in fear for its own individual safety. It returned to being a nourishing fluidity at ease. 

Nicolas reflected well upon his beauty self. He gazed at this personality down in the water that was not an uncommon affair. He volunteered more to take a long learning look to determine its genuineness. 

The pooling water became a stall only for his undemanding preening needs. 

Soon after the meeting of the I's, he reached in to take a sip from this mountain stream and supreme beverage of choice to anyone. Nicolas put in his big dippers as if offering hard cash at the temple to ensure the best result. He watched the water cram onto his hands in an apparent bid to make its own surreptitious escape. 

He looked to the stream's center. Nicolas felt the water was a lot like him at this time: preferring lower places as being far more appropriate. 

He perceived a host of wildflowers on the other side of the stream. They appeared wrapped in bundles as for making him commendable gifts. The variety of flowers on that far side made for a less pleasing sensation.

Again, he gazed down at the water where like splendor had been written. He was absorbed by this, his gorgeousness self, or fave hero in apparent good health, depicted just then at a sort of side profile. He smiled. Nicolas looked away from his own eyes as if unable to bear modeling more. 

At next glance, the familiar image or case of ego clash appeared oddly to calm him. He moved to take a superb drink. He reached in again with cupped hands to touch the most startling texture ever. 

His mind wandered more. His thoughts went from the terrible task of performing up here. He fled from thinking of playing on this high course, for the simple reason that it could.

Nicolas tried concentrating on the water. He discovered as from out of the blue he was no longer eager to resist more. This new look seemed supported by a sky-on-blue riding pillion. The water did not suggest any option for him, other than to go on and start his play here. He considered again the eternal question of getting out there and performing. Relating to this sensation, greater intensity crept. 

Now he thought it was not too unreasonable to step onto this flower community. He felt all might be okay. Then, in another attempt at prolonging, the words "Be professional and polite" came to bless and pass by his lips. 

He mustered courage then stood up. 

Back on the ground, after multiple stares down in the water, along with staring down his own myths, the bottoms of his feet stamped down hard all calls over leaving here, and for a brief moment he lost all interest in this place: the ongoing coordination from all in the outdoors, seemingly hell-bent on grinding at him in bombastic opposition. 

Nicolas returned from this distance a species standing. He was a pulsating upright form now walking, though with the renewed powers of reasoning. 

The youth or undertrial, his mind back in the active state and feeling charged now, ruled out all calls for reassessing. He scanned the flowers of sizable number. He estimated their near-total destruction. 

As for explaining his sudden departure to the middling stream, Nicolas broke through all cordons. He thought to say to this awaiting teacher, I am ready now. 

Then he did so. Without caution, or more concern-for-all hesitation he said, "I’m ready now," and felt the tiny stings and tingles of a hundred thousand million eyes pierce onto him.

Arjuna showed his famous grin. His trademarked boyhood beam was a mix of fun and jest. His gladness seemed as all in the outside world: doing rather well at this time and was also quite spacious. It was an occasion of sheer happiness to him. 

His smile could be seen too, Nicolas thought, as a gateway to some quite cool resilience. 

The old man's cheerfulness was a pleasant surprise to the youth. Nicolas had anticipated a top-to-bottom chastising by him for storming off the mound that way. 

For his part the old man was glad young Nicolas had, all by himself, removed his opposition on playing up here. He felt pleased also from the beauty thought he was having from the old song stating even the longest journey begins with a solitary step. 

His happiness was such he may have declared four days of celebration. 

However, in keeping with tradition, by attempting to set up some spiritual end, he did not set out to burst firecrackers. Instead, Arjuna bent low to fetch the transcendental conch. Soon he had in his hands the overlarge devadatta, or great battle-shell that was Lord Indra’s loud gift. 

The old man stood smiling. He looked as if he wanted to exchange a few jokes. He went to put a hand on the youth's right shoulder. Arjuna seemed ready to tell him he had been part of one big practical joke. 

Smiling, holding something back, the old man looked as if he were going to tell Nicolas that he had all along been part of a half-comic reality show, or some nutty TV promo set up to trap him. 

But Arjuna told not one thing about any joke. He said with understatement, "Very well then." And, "If you insist." 

He stepped back a pace. Arjuna set about fiddling with the conch by raising the shell with both hands. He looked as if he were going to play a jazzy tune on a saxophone. The old man's thoughts too ranged, as he fingered the age-old horn. Mostly, he wished not to allow what was meant only as a brief observance to be blown out of all proportion.

Several seconds passed as he tried finding a good grip. His plan at getting Nicolas to start his play here seemed to hang in the balance. 

Time ticked. The beating heart of the watcher ticked away.

Nicolas put his hands on his hips in the western aggressive manner. He questioned whether this teacher was capable of doing whatever it was he was trying to do. 

But then Arjuna did find good grip. He lowered then raised sharply the conch to his lips. He took in a breath to fill up his lungs. The trumpet seashell, or great attribute to Vishnu that was remarkably found in these mountains, and so was measureless years old, sounded over the Valley of Flowers. It resonated over this high hill district especially blessed by Lord Brahma. 

Arjuna blew the instrument with the sweetest strain that might have covered miles. The musical device of ancient primal energy, which traditionally signals the start of play anywhere, could again be heard. The old man sounded the horn across this flowered valley, or outstanding setting for creating perfect legends. 

Louder still, he put out the call to all youth everywhere to get out there and perform.

Arjuna lowered the conch for keeps. He then headed to the rear of the tee box. He returned the ancient sea-born noise producer. 

On coming back, he removed his shawl worn on this chilly morning. He perceived his younger, more proud-playing self. The old man went between being young and then old, but without having much preference. 

He took off his jacket. Arjuna went as a warrior might to the youth's standing pack. As for the clubs, they looked almost bored. The clubs stood at military attention in the off chance they might be needed.

Arjuna shifted the irons around to simply hear their sound. He rested a hand on the driver. He stared out at the flower valley. He asked for and received one ball. Nicolas Kumar also provided him with one red tee.

The old man removed the cover of the driver. He yanked the club out from the youth’s standing pack. He went to set the ball atop the tee or position-holder. He backed up, step by slow step. Arjuna stopped a few paces behind and here his expression changed. 

The old man went from appearing friendly to one familiar with being quite fierce. He seemed used to severe brooding. He looked ready to stare down this flower fairway forever. 

Arjuna then made a few arm movements loosely associated with helpful stretching. He stood the driver against himself. He extended an arm over his head while the other arm went behind his back where his two hands clasped. He looked to be turning himself into a twisted salted pretzel.

The old man gauged the length of one spot to hit his drive. The place he had in mind was sparked by the sun burning bright. As with the one lit ablaze, all in the valley appeared filled with limitless fresh beginnings. 

He looked light-years away. Arjuna returned in his mind to a scene that happened long ago. He arrived as if on time to witness again the very moment he had shown his playing skills so well. 

The young-again Arjuna was back then, at that prestigious tourney, set so deep in his past though not forgotten. Now any would believe a miraculous event was about to take place.

8

Arjuna was then in full flashback mode. He flitted between this one reality as well as all abstract time with the seeming joy of a boy. He arrived fighting-fit in both arenas, referred to by life practitioners as then and now. 

The old man threw in plenty of crowd sounds to go with his imagining. Arjuna recalled the virulent hand claps he had always received in his day. The large crowd shouted from all four grand directional points of the compass save one. They cheered him on wildly as their valiant hero. 

Arjuna’s army, three bands fifty and he at the helm as their brigade commander, was surely back again. The gambling rebel in him too had returned, and with plenty of time on his hands. The one with the great charisma then recalled the thunderous applause he had always received from his once magnificent army. This resounded deafeningly now in his ears. Arjuna’s mind had only just come back to the valley when a gigantic roar lit up over one section of this fantastic flower crowd.

Arjuna watched his self as in real-time video. He saw his younger self bend to tee up on the opening hole of his first major. He recalled just a day earlier at practice when paired with two well-known players. Both were in mid-careers at the time, and one had afforded him a challenge-promoting comment. 

The remark had at first mortified him. Later, as the days turned into months then years that too piled up, the words only gladdened him. He surmised that this moment had helped shape him as a player as well as into a mature man. It added to his cherished memories of the yesteryears. 

The incident took place after one of the pair of marquee names, considered among the game's legends, grimaced while watching Arjuna take another nervous hack at the ball. This famous player said to the other, and loud enough so Arjuna could hear it, 'What’s this kid doing here?'

Another recollection came to him. he recalled with warm fondness the satisfied look on the venerable man himself. He recognized the grand master of this celebrated tourney. The great gentleman appeared to welcome this brand of tough mental competition. He was in his chair at the time and smiling, looking as if he were enjoying a well-earned breather. In utterless awe, Arjuna thought it remarkable that this man is voted, even in this modern day and age, time after time still, as the greatest player who ever lived. 

Arjuna returned then to this flowered valley, designed by some unperceived greatness. 

A picture appeared of this famous player. It showed in the sky beside one mountain peak. It was nearest the heavens also. It looked to have been from the time of his greatest triumph, achieving golf's Grand Slam. 

The image Arjuna had in mind was the size of a building’s hoarding. It looked to entice all who might try their luck up here with the message, Come relax with the Divine. Flash forward to today on a superb, bright-lit summer’s morning, the message rumbled with authority. 

Arjuna’s consciousness came back to register a practice swing. The old man understood the decision to swing had been made on his behalf while he was away. He wanted to know how this could happen without him being properly informed. 

His fidgety reflexes perked up then. He gripped the upstart driver in an effort to quell a rebellion. The youthful Arjuna, with the down-to-earth manner, appeared ready to take up the big swing. He looked all set to go with his flamboyant, go-for style that was all out. 

His body went through a flurry of whipped-up activities. One more practice swing was administered, and this time he was present. The swing effort was a genial leg-spinner, sweetened for any situational humor on primetime TV. It was over in a flash when the club rose at the follow through in apparent high triumph. 

Arjuna remained pointing his arms towards the heavens. His follow through looked to be a solemn flag-hoist. This seemed to be one for the guys. He rested the club onto his shoulder to the memory of those he was fond of recalling. 

In his heart Arjuna knew they were temporarily inhabiting the grandest of all pasturelands, to get refreshed, before returning to compete again, with an equal amount of style along with a whole lot of grace.

With his feet somewhat planted, the old man hitched up his pants. Arjuna did this a time or two more in a routine that could pass as a ritual in a pagan religion. This was quite entertaining to young Nicolas. He looked to have benefited immensely. He thought it curious to get ready this way, one in which nobody could forget soon. 

The once-assured or one called King by his legion of loyal followers, and begrudgingly so by his competitors, turned his hips to stand better over the ball. 

Suddenly he backed away from it. He stepped out of the pocket to walk a few paces behind. The old man gave ball and flower fairway a long look. He did this while furiously reforming his grip on the driver. 

Some time passed before Arjuna went back into it. He had a look on his face that could scare crows. 

The old man stepped up and took his stance over a ball he perceived as being intimidated by him. Man and ball then gave one another a wink-wink knowingness over who was truly the boss here. This stare-down left one participant a tad undecided. After which that one backed off. 

Again, Arjuna stepped away from the plate. The old man took several quick quarter-swings. The stern look upon his face, along with the sorrowful shaking of his head, seemed to suggest that stepping away was indeed needed. 

He came back into it. Arjuna settled into his stance. When he seemed persuaded by it, a waft of wind arrived to thwart him. The wind came in again to antagonize more. Nicolas gave no thought to the breeze. He was concerned only with the swing of this past master.

The chill air calmed. It moved Arjuna to arrive at some acceptance. Soon he was a mere dot presence in the glory of All. No friend, the wind kicked up again to chide him.

Nicolas was glad not to be the one at the plate at this time. He heaved a sigh of relief that it would not be him teeing off there and then. For the moment he was happy not to be the one getting that kind of unwanted wind attention.

Arjuna backed off again to take more practice swings. The twisted set of body instructions that followed seemed not to be coming from an otherwise sane man. To the uninitiated, Arjuna's swing may have looked like it had come up from one or more layers of Dante’s hell. It occurred to Nicolas the old man's swing, known at one time as The End-bringer, could not possibly have been manifested from the known world. To him, Arjuna’s swing looked to be an odd dance mix of hop, tap, bop, with a bit of boogie thrown in. 

Then his swing did change. His swing had acquired more finer, poetic lines. Indeed, his swing no longer seemed to be punishing some wayward sinner. Still Arjuna finished hands-up high as if caught in a crime. 

A breeze came to open the youth's shutters to an altered way of seeing. Strong wisps arrived to say Arjuna's swing was a thing to cherish. Next thing Nicolas heard his mind say was that he should appreciate all things. This included, he assumed, Arjuna's twisting up follow through.

The old man wailed away on yet another practice swing. The club hit the ground at impact. This offered up another thing to love called turf. The fantastic god-creation known as Arjuna's swing went wild yet again. Gladly it seemed his swing had finished arms, elbows, hands up high. A changed man, Nicolas saw the old man's swing as a thing of utmost beauty. 

One more blow came down hard onto the earth. The turf that rose seemed to pop up and ask, Why me? In place of actual kindness, Nicolas felt that the breeze had meant for him to be a bit more honest. This may have resulted in him coughing up a lung from laughter. 

He heard in his head the call for him to accept all swing gyrations. Nicolas listened to his mind say, These too are born and created things. It meant each was lovely, a thing to cherish and not scoff at. He looked at Arjuna's swing that seemed to be a series of extreme wrongdoings. He wanted to know how something as beautiful and natural as a golf swing could go so wrong. 

As he did not want to be detected for any sniper grinning, his head shot down to stare at the grass that had become so exceedingly interesting. He thought to assume the guise of a practicing philosopher. From this down-looking position Nicolas heard another swing fly by. He stifled a smirk. He suffocated it sufficiently. Nicolas was then hard at work inventing an expression he could show more publicly. He went back to observing Arjuna's efforts at getting started. 

After more practice swings, the old man suddenly backed off his three-point stance. He stepped away from the plate to escape from some undetermined pressure. He took in a larger scope of the flower fairway. 

Arjuna studied all he surveyed. He peered at the Indian Himalayas made up of vanilla ice cream. The upturned cones with ice cream on top appeared vast and majestic. They looked moderately eaten also from a few bright-lit days. 

Arjuna thought of those residing in the heavenly beyond. Without a word, he headed to the one teed up. He went step by slow step. The old man went as one attempting to get back his swag or say-so. 

Nicolas sent his head back down. He studied once more the same patch of grass that had so fascinated him. He feared what might come at any time from Arjuna's sudden moves at the ball. Nicolas hid another urge to crack up. 

One question loomed in the gloom. It seemed destined to remain beyond his efforts at mind control. The idea crept close and stayed. The thought parked there in his little bean. The suggestion seemed as if it might remain until someone brave happened along to tell Arjuna a thing or two about the ease of hitting a little white ball, which was not even moving.

Arjuna took another turn at things. This induced yet one more gash on the ground. A gash too showed on the youth's now-hurting face. 

Nicolas saw yet another clump of grass pop up. It looked like a newly awoken visitor. The grass seemed determined to relate a grievance to a park ranger. 

Arjuna's next swing saw more grass pop up to complain. A chunk flew to one area. It appeared to look for outside help. 

Arjuna's slashing at the ground opened up something more. Nicolas might have suffered a wider grin had his hand not reached up then to save the day. He was glad the old man had not turned and looked his way. In place of finding out, Arjuna had discovered a good grip. Yet even this required more adjustments. 

A familiar query arrived in the youth's mind. It swirled as if carried on the wind. The thought suggested Nicolas give up his quest for overall fairness. His mind seemed to be telling him to quit his claim that all should be deemed lovely. 

Another question could be heard in the remote regions of his mind. His thinker pushed the idea forward. It asked aloud what he would only dare muster under his breath. 

Both breeze and boy confided in one another. Rebellion brewed within the ranks. Together in the youth's outgoing breath, the two, acting like juvenile delinquents, managed to say in unison, faint though none too vaguely, "Could that swing have ever actually worked?"

9 

Nicolas concerned himself with the old man’s hand and arm movements. He thought they were far too harried and also hurried. Nicolas felt there were needless gestures in them for such an easy task as hitting a little white ball. 

As with the clubs, the one teed-up looked almost bored. It appeared fed up with all the swing practice and dealt with it simply by ignoring it. The ball appeared to be in a state it had always been in: looking relaxed with who and what it was, while waiting for someone other to get his act together. 

Nicolas Kumar felt sorry for the ball, along with himself, for dragging both up here for this. 

The ball remained parked atop the tee as any glamorized person. It sat fat on its sleek red throne. The one teed up had the look of a hot-shot celebrity pro, accustomed to being catered to. 

In comparison with Arjuna, the little ball looked markedly composed. It seemed to not have one worldly care. The look on the old man’s face suggested the ball had, as if by magic, become something of a soothe-saying mystic. It occurred to him the ball could even start levitating. 

Arjuna's concentration switched up then. He went from being somewhat interested in the ball to all-out hypnotic. He then had a look on his face of disbelief. The old man seemed incredulous as to how this one thing could outdo him in the matter of mind control.

Concerning the old man's stance, Nicolas thought it was a bit askew. It seemed Arjuna's body was aiming left towards the tribal regions of Pakistan. The clubhead, on the other hand, looked to have altogether different travel plans. It appeared to be heading right in the general direction of Kathmandu. This set up seemed bent on dying a miserable death. 

It’s a stance and swing worthy of a few giggles, thought Nicolas. 

He then went back to considering the old man's everlasting requirement to shift about so. He felt Arjuna need not mess with his grip so often. What really is the point in all that? he told himself. 

As if he had heard, the old man left off the agreement, or mafia goon contract he seemingly had out on the grip. He let go his hold some on the one nearly strangled to give his trousers a hike. Still unsure about hitting, Arjuna went at his pants as a seamstress might in taking up the slack. 

The old man gave his pants a tug, one side then the other, as if this would set things right or situate positive all that made life wretched in this world: hunger, poverty, disease. 

When Arjuna appeared to have settled the matter with his pants, though issues remained, he viewed with equal eye the eternal restlessness of all in the Valley of Flowers. He stared at this wild. He added a few half-practice swings for no good reason.

"He might cut down on his pace," said Nicolas softly so no one could hear. Yes, that would be one thing he could do, agreed another inside. "Among many," chimed in the first, in a voice nobody could possibly catch. He’s doing his best as coach or life guide, said the second from within. But he cannot be expected to do everything. Nicolas told himself also, Well, it is true he is good with his life-fielding drills. He is good with his strategies too, said this one who made the other stay quiet inside. Of this there is no smidgen of doubt. But he cannot be expected to do everything. 

Arjuna viewed his chosen landing spot out on the fairway. He focused on one spot two hundred or so meters out. The old man stood ready to make any minute now an attempt at it by not thinking too much. He had always believed it was best to step up simply, concentrate on a particular color, an ocean-blue maybe, then swing all out. 

Nevertheless, Arjuna understood once age catches up with any morning walker he is put back more times than he gets going forward. 

With this knowing gift, the old man smiled at his current predicament. He became happy, fully aware where he was now physically, and from how amusing this must seem to those standing by waiting patiently. 

To combat his known deficits, he thought to just breathe in deep and relax. 

The value of the breath or breathing correctly is underrated, considered the old man. He thought how much he enjoyed being up in these mountains. Arjuna was happiest, he knew, being in the glorious untamed. He felt glad too being in the company of this fine young fellow. 

The old man understood well that while held in by age in the immediate present, he was free to travel into his past, and do so whenever he liked.  

Although he did have yearnings for his drive to attain good height, length, then have it sit up nicely on some turf, he knew it may not happen that way and he was content with that. 

In performing any life duty, the old man thought it well and good to intellectually plan it first, but then be willing to let go of the intellect, to carry on intuitively, to allow any idea to develop and live as it might. He thought this ideal for his stage in life, known as the sannyasi or one in full retirement. He believed it was best to use his powers of letting go. He felt the intellect, or splendid mind gift should also be used selectively.

The old man remembered then welcomed the return of his younger playing self. This one appeared to have arrived directly from that long ago major battlefield. He stood by silently. 

To get ready more, the old man evoked the three breathings: prana, vyana and apana. This exercise gives all who try it their ultimate strength in performing an endeavor.

Arjuna concentrated on this ancient technique in proper breathing. Keep the peace and do not go looking for more excitement, he advised his younger self. This was meant to relax him so he might calmly enjoy the essence. 

But then a cleanliness drive was started by him. Originally, when Arjuna first set out for Europe, then onto America to play professionally, this routine had begun in fun; however, it soon became a psychic need. Mental fret morphed into all-out physical fuss. Then it went permanent.

On the 1st tee of this Himalayan course known as Truind, the old man's nervous energy, based on fear and anxiety, began covering both forearms and pant legs. His one free hand went to wipe the face of the clubhead. He did this in repeated fast motion. Arjuna's hand rose to wipe a bit of sweat off his forehead. In another incarnation of fearing, the old man moistened his left thumb that wiped again the face of the silver-headed driver. That done, he brushed his cheeks with two fingers. He wiped below the nose. This act went up to his forehead to swab what wetness was retained.

With his hand acting on fear's behalf, the old man moved to brush down the puff clouds he had for hair. His hand stayed to pat down all on top. A breeze passed by for no apparent reason other than to mess with his crowning achievements. 

Arjuna went about correcting what was undone. He did this in a flash. He made his hand work as a four-fingered comb. His hand behaved also as a kind of towel tool. This helped erase any lingering wetness. 

His hand made the trip down then with his hard-at-work fingers to pluck a time or two at the shoulders’ area. He pulled again at his shirt to be extra certain. In this way he hoped his arms, his shoulders, his armpits also, could get more breathing room.

Purity achieved, Arjuna negotiated yet another safe spot for his tee shot to land.

Now the old man looked ready to put in motion the final touches of one more club waggle. Nicolas believed he did this to avoid the actual hitting of the ball. How easy can it be? he shouted in his head. The thing’s not even moving!

Another practice swing occurred for no reason. Nicolas cleared his throat. He wished to clear the air also by saying a thing or two about Arjuna's inability to get things rolling. Inside he cried out, Well, why not just hit the thing!

Following more grip renewals, a focused calm appeared on the one with the apparent heavy burden. It may have looked to all and sundry that the old man was ready to hit, and do so with a bit of oomph. 

After all the obsessions over his clothes, his stance, his grip, the clubhead, his face and hair also, at no other time before now did the old man appear ready to do what was required, and what was asked was that he strike a little white ball and end this sordid drama. 

The old man gazed at the Valley of Flowers while Nicolas held back another smile. In place of actually beaming, he again sought the grass for some serious mental help. 

Arjuna shifted. He wiggled his hips to settle in better or perhaps add more comedy to this outdoor amphitheater. He then took the driver back. The club returned to its starting point looking rather reluctant. It came back to its apparent rightful position, stuck behind a little white ball. 

His focus was again on this round ruler. The old man saw the little ball as his equal counterpart in this epic drama by Homer. Arjuna seemed so fixed he appeared catatonic. This was followed by a glance down the flower fairway, as if one contestant had blinked in a stare fight. 

He fretted being thought of as soft on rotund little criminals. Arjuna feared being pelted by small stones also, if he did not take the shot soon. He gazed back at the ground as the two sides of his brain quarreled. They seemed unable to agree on what to do next. 

An abbreviated club waggle brought the old man's focus back onto the club. The clubhead held up behind the ball and above the somewhat moist ground. The ball looked to be performing the sideshow trick known as yogic levitation.

Except for scattered here and there chatter, blown in on a breeze, the many-flowered valley was an area of perfect silence. The old man's mind too arrived at a place of peace. Stillness overcame him. Quiet too came to Arjuna's vast army of followers with the countless crossed fingers.

All seemed well and about to get going when Arjuna's one remaining grouse was the actual hitting of the ball. 

He next thought to study his old film clips from his former playing days. He soon gave that up, though. He came in as from out of the cold to the surprise of at least one, himself. More surprise was in store for him when Arjuna noticed the club was inching back.

At first he could not believe what his eyes were telling him. But then he saw the driver was indeed extending rearward. It moved along a straight line and in earnest this time. 

The club traveled low. Its silver coating made it seem like a snow leopard stalking. The sleek beast crept across the moist grass slowly. The club left a visible trail where dew had been. It lifted up sharply. His hips turned then from the tension caused by his also-turning shoulders. 

The club arrived at a spot short of the usual preparatory high point in any swing’s life, which was more or less at parallel. He looked determined to haul off and belt it. 

In the next instant, the now-young Arjuna threw life off to death and let life be born to it yet again and the ball was away, itself a born and created thing. The one flying, rising majestic and beautiful took its rightful spot among the gods in heaven. It seemed content in that high place. 

Arjuna had finished on a high as well. He had finished with his trademark flying-high elbows. To those looking on anxiously, the club pointing up might have seemed like a spiraling up staircase. 

Arjuna looked to be pointing a direct path to the high holy gates. To others, his finish may have looked as if someone were holding up a sword, beckoning all comers to try and test him. It only ended for him with the sudden realization that this psychic trauma was over.

He stayed in his follow through position. The young-again Arjuna remain posed or beautifully suspended. He wanted to make sure a lesson had indeed been learned. He felt the youth could benefit from this awesome display of power. 

Then the moment came when all had time enough to study his swing and take good note. 

Arjuna brought the club down. He rested it against his left shoulder. The old man did this, though not before allowing photographers their time needed to record, for tomorrow's headlines say, this memorable head-to-head.

10 

Back onto this hard-matter existence, curiously referred to as a type of present, Arjuna had bowled a googly. In this one reality, hard and physical, the old man had hit a Jerry Ford crowd-ducker into the first shoots of flowers. He had sclaffed the ground hard at impact and the ball left the tee lead-like. It looked shot from a country-made pistol. It had taken off in what is commonly termed as plain ugly. 

The ball had gone stem-skimming. It had ignored the lake or problem area referred to astutely by game regulators as a water hazard. The ball had appeared to search hastily for a reasonable spot to exit. This was in contrast to its earlier incarnation back on the tee as one cool customer. It had scurried off into the sidelined marginalia as a vacationist. It went into an area not far off the mound. The ball had gone into a place where it looked like hay was kept.

The old man’s swing did finish high. His arms twisted up in his trademark corkscrew. He had on an expression that was a true collector’s item. Arjuna looked to where his ball had gone with a mixture of relief and some stark disbelief. He understood it had gone into a nearby maze of tall flowers. His drive had fallen short of his high hopes for it. Suddenly he called after the shot with renewed gusto.

"May you reincarnate as a two-toed, pod-shod Gujarati camel!" he said.

Nicolas, with a clenched fist he held quaking around his mouth, resisted laughing outright. Then a smile did break through. His grin showed where before it had been strictly forbidden. 

The old man smiled too. He understood well the precarious nature of participating on this plane of existence. Arjuna was filled then with the feeling of outright humility.

The youth broke loose. Nicolas burst out laughing without regard on how it might be perceived. 

Arjuna turned to him. The old man said in mock-apology for his comment over a well-known ornery Indian camel, "Forgive me, friend."

Arjuna took this chance to play-act more. He did this for the youth's enjoyment, as well as for his ever-present vast army. He returned the clubhead to the ground. He did this in a resigning gesture. Arjuna shook his head in performed disbelief. He went on to his act's next logical conclusion. He tapped down the ground that had strangely popped up. Arjuna knocked back the dreaming tufts of grass. The old man followed this with his brand of humor over a ball that had clearly gone missing. 

"Is it gone?" he cracked, and the youth laughed until a trail of tears came to make him stop. 

"Yeah," Nicolas managed, adding the needless. 

Arjuna stepped forward once. His pant leg was given one final hike as if this was the thing missing from his earlier preparations. This was followed fast by a deep-knee bend. The old man swiped across the grass with his free hand. He picked up the remains of the tee. He flicked the mortally wounded thing off to the side with performed disdain. He looked to the youth for confirmation that all was well and good up here and smiled. 

Nicolas went along gladly with the old man. He laughed while appearing to cry also. His infectious smile, along with the youth’s good humor, turned each to enjoying life with laughter. Both shrugged. But then, gravely, what came to Nicolas next was the realization that it was now his turn to play. He understood the moment to start here, in India's northern reaches, had now arrived. 

Inside the fright sense came to him then as butterflies in the thousands. This tryst with the terror feeling did not come alone. What came to greet him also, as to thrust him hard under a glaring spotlight was the urgent, though not too unexpected need to find a place up here, in these wide-open spaces, to privately pee.

Nicolas Kumar went to relieve himself. On coming back he discovered his mind had gone missing. This seemed to be not enough to the gods bent on messing with him, as the wind picked up then as if to toss him. Nicolas pretended he was all bashed up. It seemed to him the flowers had been pulled up and were just now darting him. He imagined he was made up of pierced metal. To help himself, he focused on his rucksack that stood by in tacky splendor. 

Nicolas, once a cool customer himself, made an effort to return from wherever his mind had gone. He moved to take delivery of his own driver. He decided that if he were still in this confused state, he would go through the motions and tee off anyway. He told himself to rely on muscle memory to get through the shot. Before being handed the driver, he told himself also he would not take as much time as this elder. Not even. 

He had another go over the sorry plight of the flowers. His thinker went on another dramatic flight. His fearing pulled him from his body. This left him so immobile. 

Like by magic, Nicolas Kumar discovered that his jacket had miraculously been removed. It lay atop his rucksack. He discovered too that his left hand was reaching out then for a driver he did not now recognize. 

Arjuna handed him the club like nothing at all was wrong. He gave it to him as if it were a common broom and he had in mind a few household chores for him to do. 

For his part, Nicolas felt he had been given the sweeping item with no instructions on how to actually use it. In his other hand, he discovered one ball and also one blue tee. The sad look of the ball and tee made them appear headed for some premature end.

Nicolas sent his sight to patrol over the valley. He gazed at all those whose only apparent crime was to stand there and look pretty. He looked at the flowers lit ablaze by fantastic hues and also at the sparkling lake. Nicolas automatically determined the lake was within his reach. It seemed to be in cahoots with the sky-highs. Nicolas looked from the lake’s reflection to other areas in the valley. Included in this too were his usual yardstick calculations. 

He turned his attention from the fairway, the cool air and blazing sunshine, to the spectacular waterfall and escalating Himalayas, rising to heights in the background. He returned to the time of his greatest glory. Unlike Arjuna, the time he thought of was not far back. It was only two weeks ago at the time he qualified for the Open Championship. 

With this rediscovery of his great golfing self, he came back and said quietly, "But how shall I among friends?" 

Nicolas looked to the fast-flowing stream. He searched its ever-present tranquility. He hunted next for the sign that attempted to ward off all trespassers. He peered out at the valley. It was plagued riotously by colorful wildflowers. His feelings sank into more sadness. Nicolas fretted again over the fate of these little beauties. 

Is this designed only to tarnish my fair name? he asked his self. Nobody should be allowed to malign me.

He tried to relax. Nicolas believed it was best to take it easy. He pulled from his jacket pocket the course map or journal. Nicolas began reading from it, though not this time for the perceived bit of poetry. He read for the actual concrete yard measurements. He looked to the map for helpful tidbits that could be gleaned from it if any. 

One option was to put it into the lake. He again judged the area to be in reach. Nicolas thought to hit it to a spot more conventional. The idea of sending his tee shot into the drink returned to like light him up. 

The youth thought more on the gravity of this situation. He believed hitting in the lake was the best of bad choices. He began calculating the force needed for such a drive.

Gaining merit here won't be easy, Nicolas told himself. 

This thought shined in him. Nicolas put on a slight smile. He felt he would be saving lives this way. Yes, he thought. Then he said softly, "Easy."

His considerations then included the wind coming in from the east. It traveled at about five kilometers per hour. He felt its sudden change of direction. It occurred to him this quick-change artist had been sent to aid him. 

More likely, he well knew, was that the wind had arrived to plague or even stop him. 

Nicolas chose not to oppose the idea of sending his drive into the lake. He felt relieved after deciding. He asked his self if he should use his 3-wood or his 3-iron. One feeling rose suggesting he use neither. That sense forwarded some. It raced down to his awaiting-production hands that did just that. And the reason his little grippers may have given for the hold up, if able, would likely have been of the nature-loving kind. 

He told himself, Nothing is ever permanent. 

Nicolas went to put back his driver. He set aside his jacket that lay on top. He returned the club to his grouped-up set or perceived dud kit. He thought of his forthcoming offense against life. Nicolas yanked from his pack the 3-wood he called Little Benefit. The club was his chosen candidate to avoid all flower destruction. 

His choice appeared final. The expression on his hardened face suggested a landmark judgment had just been handed down from the High Court, after 10 years of waiting.

11 

"Here you should not look for shortcuts," Arjuna advised. "Nor should you seek ladders to step easily onto some top, as the priority here is to participate. Whether upon peak or fair open valley you should not be in any mad rush to ape others who have come to this place." 

The old man took in a breath. He considered what more to add. He said, "Now's the time to create for yourself, and for All That Is because at very essence you are alone here."

He felt confused. I am alone here? Nicolas asked himself. It occurred to him that he might avoid all unnecessary heat by just staying quiet. He thought to step up and take a whack at it short and sweet. 

Yet he was going nowhere. He looked at the ball put up on display. The round one seemed to be resting atop the blue tee comfortably. The ball looked like a standing monument highlighting his inactivity. 

Nicolas needed help saying Yes! to it. His mind remained uncertain. He hesitated more. He could not hit or cremate this body of a ball until he received word or had gotten the green signal. He wished to be free of these heavy-as-iron 18 holes, linked each-to-each, which felt clasped around his prisoner's legs. Nicolas Kumar looked forward to being free of these manacles. 

He peered at the lake. The lake was known to village locals, domestic tourists, the legions of pilgrims who visit barefoot annually, as The Protector of the Masses. The Protector of the Masses Lake lay well in range of his trusty 3-wood. He thought to consign his drive there. He felt clever in thinking he could hit it into the water hazard and therefore waste it. 

Nicolas said aloud so this guide could hear it, "Never have I felt so bad on a course." 

Not one word came back from Arjuna. As he had hoped to come out of this with clean hands, Nicolas Kumar decided to send his drive into the lake or catchment area. He felt it worthwhile to incur the what-the-hell penalty, and do so whether this good teacher liked it or not. 

Yes, I believe I will, he thought, reaffirming his choice.And he pointed down the flower fairway to the lake. 

Nicolas told the old man, "As I want moksha for myself I'll play for it to go there and hope for divine charity. This is just so my soul won't forever be cussing me."

Arjuna offered nothing by way of a returning comment. This puzzled young Nicolas. He believed this teacher could not possibly be lost for words. 

He threw Arjuna a glance. Nicolas discovered the old man was looking low and that his head was downcast. He saw that Arjuna was smiling slightly. To Nicolas, he appeared to agree with his decision to put it in the lake. But then it occurred to him Arjuna might have given up altogether on instructing him. 

Either way it was no longer in his power to say, Nicolas thought. I'm going to do it. 

As this guide no longer had much stronghold over him, he felt quite good about his decision. He stepped a few paces behind the ball to line up. He was enjoying this teacher's solemn silence and hoped it might continue. 

"Only a few measured steps," Nicolas whispered, and again he stared down the many-flowered fairway. 

Stand there and do not think of a solitary thing, the youth said inside. Before taking up the club, think only to set it at the top, he added. Hold it for a second or so. A full swing with not a lot of power will get you there. 

Nicolas, done speaking to himself, moved to set up. The old man coughed. Nicolas looked sharply his way.

"Wonderful!" cried Arjuna. "Choosing which side to stand is an excellent place to start. You were probably just asking yourself, Shall I take the right-hand path or the left? If you were thinking this, you must understand too that victory by way of the left is known as the Hero Path. Victory by way of the right is that of the Devotee. And of course there is another way. This most hallowed path does not clamor for the reliability of idolisms or perceived perspectivisms. Nor does it require the staging of oaths that appear to deem, to the mind of the simple, one good. This way might be called The Way of the Celestial. It is neither left nor right nor here nor there. It is of the quiet mind only, seeking out ways to approach the feet of the Mother, and to do so with utmost respect. The three are all just and good, of course, as I am not saying they are not. And certainly my saying something is just and good is also choice. I only say this to discourage imparting simplicity or bland discourse. I can see on your face by the roll of your eyes I have gone on too much. Please, continue with whatever it was you were doing." 

Nicolas thought the old man's speech somewhat overlong. He considered what all was said but did not catch a whole lot of meaning. He took note of this and told himself also, If even there was any meaning. 

He thought this guide's interruption gave him an excuse to back off the shot. Nicolas decided to accept it. He stepped out of the pocket or open beggar's home. Nicolas removed himself from the usual set-up position. He did this in the same manner the old man had done a moment or so ago.

He stepped three paces to the rear. Nicolas went to a spot he hoped might provide his final refuge. He backed up a fourth step to get away more. Along the way he gave this good teacher a look. He peered at Arjuna while pretending to be O so deeply disappointed in him. 

Then news came crushingly back to inform Nicolas that it was now his turn to play. It warned him over issuing more excuses. The choice, he heard inside his head, is yours. 

He peered doomed out at the flower valley. Nicolas stood as one who had been ill but had since gotten over it. He looked as if he had been given a blessed second chance. He decided on one area in the lake to hit. He stepped up with renewed focus. Nicolas felt strengthened by his ability to swing to near-perfection. He approached the rounded one atop the tee as a devotee visiting Swami. 

Back at the ball, he put his right foot forward then the other. He observed a moment of intense devotion. Nicolas looked as if he alone had penetrated the boundary defined by many as time and space. 

Again the plight of all in the valley arrived at the spot he now stood, and so did the sad-sounding refrain called Why? Now he felt smooth-talking his mind might be beneficial in helping him get started here. 

He told himself to relax and at first there was some success. Nicolas bent his knees slightly as if to sit on a bar stool. It soon became clear to him an easy go of it would not be the case and he backed off the shot.

Nicolas again went back into it. He set his biased stance over the ball. He assumed his normal two-plank strategy. Butterflies had not migrated but went south. They had in fact increased their flight traffic. 

He told himself he was about ready. Nicolas settled into his stance more. He worked hard at getting his feet in position. They were at equal points, though the heavier burden was decidedly placed on the back or right foot. He turned in his left foot to get it more square. It felt like a weighted stone. 

Just do your part, his left foot seemed to tell him. We'll keep the swing tight. 

Nicolas hoped there was more trouble to consider. He had the feeling to stand up straighter. He went from focusing on his grip to where there was a warring battle of nerves being played out. This had him shaking like a proverbial leaf. 

Once, twice, again, he moved the 3-wood back and forth while staring at his rotund little nemesis. He fought to get back his groove. Nicolas looked to the one hovering as an alien craft behind the ball. 

In a whisper that came in a quivering tone he said, "Still I do not relish this." 

He next looked to the Valley of Flowers sparkling bright. All appeared fresh and alive. Trust showed and attempted to writ large on his face. He gripped the club tighter then let go some. He adjusted his posture from loose pillar to post. Nicolas continued performing this bit of bad theater for the paying-for-it flower crowd. He wondered how he can ever reconcile hitting into this colorful flowered valley. 

He settled in again within himself. He went further into the idea of hitting the ball. He opened then closed his hands over the 3-wood. Nicolas discovered it was not at all easy to grip the club with his nervous digit nerves. It might have appeared he was holding a red-hot pipe. 

Nicolas endured twelve seconds of perspiration. Inside his head he forced an Okay! message. He signaled his reflexes to get in there and do the dirty work. He wished not to think but allow muscle memory to take over. 

But then, as if ringing the doorbell twice, Nicolas held the club firmer but not too. He told himself he could take the swing at any time, and so he turned away from his troubles. His mind left off the effort at getting his body to stand more correctly. 

Again Nicolas backed off the shot. He stepped back to look at one area over the flower valley. He looked to the scaling, seven snow-clad mountain idols and sought resolve. He might have had harsh feelings for the one holding up his play to now, but Nicolas readily forgave himself for this. 

He noted in the next instant one more thing. He believed it was not always an easy ask to give the grand okay a nudge and to just say Yes! to it. 

With a reluctant heart he went back in but stalled more. He hoped to get a sense the flowers were going to be okay with this. He prayed for some sign from the Upstairs. Receiving no answer he aimed to just trust. 

12

Nicolas stood with his plan to send a no-hoper into the lake. His mind, though, created excuses for not being able. As to how to go about hitting, Nicolas had no real idea. To him it seemed the body of someone else stood over it. 

He felt ill thinking he would be striking out into this world soon. He tried coming up with last-minute answers to a few unending questions. He argued in his head for more time. 

Nicolas remained at the spot as an observer might, taking serious note but outwardly doing nothing. He believed this act of hitting might lay heavily on his conscience forever. 
He felt Arjuna might take this chance to ask if everything was okay with him, or would he be needing to take mental tests. 

He looked at what lies ahead for him. His sad sight went to all locations. Images collected in his mind and he saw only horror. He felt his talent could seep out of his toes over this. Nicolas feared his game might forever be thrown off kilter, if indeed he went ahead with this plan to attack.

He peered at the ball resting atop the tee. Nicolas looked at the clubhead hovering behind it. At first the club and ball appeared hopeful. They seemed to stare back. He wondered if these two were poking fun or if this situation was even real. He saw the ball and club give each a curious look. He heard in his head the ball say to the 3-wood, Who is this one with the special needs and what is he waiting for? 

Another comment came to like kick him in the rear. Next he imagined the flight of the one he would sometime hit. Nicolas held the club that appeared to want nothing more than to get going. He drew his well known inner-perception lines. He repeated this until the actual hitting of the ball was likely to get lost in all the line-sailing. 

He put away his sketchbook mind. Nicolas focused on his fourth, fifth, sixth address over the ball, which proved also to be just teasing. 

"Come on, baby doll," he said, forcing in some lightness.

Nicolas joked but took serious note of his inordinate delay in getting started here. He made out he was like any Indian cinema star. He pretended to be waiting for the right script to come along before acting on the song-and-dance picture project. He told himself, Either resign, retire altogether, or get on with it, sweetness. 

Normally he had his school chums along for the ride as his strongest supporters, however Nicolas was no longer in any mood for the glad-happy chatter from the attaboys. 

He chanced becoming more miffed with himself if he did not take the shot soon. He told himself to be more alone inside. Nicolas spoke again and again to The Protector of the Masses Lake. He wanted some assurances. He shifted his weight to be more on his right foot. The difference can be measured in minute grams. Nicolas thought things were about to get going. Opposition to this mounted.

More challenge came when he released his grip to shake off a stiff hand. The gross hold up in his play seemed all set to continue. He gazed at the ball. Nicolas looked hell-bent on discovering its beginning and end. He turned to peer at the days-are-numbered crowd. He looked for what he thought might be the last time at the spoken-to, spoken-to cushion of wet that was the small lake. 

Yeah, I know! he yelled in his head. Hitting into the lake is not my usual intention, I got that! 

Peripherally he saw Arjuna shift some. He envisioned the old man kick a pebble or two out of impatience. Nicolas heard him clear his throat as to speak more. It occurred to him then to hurry. He feared Arjuna might take advantage of his stalled situation. He thought the old man may accept this chance to offer up more of his wisdom, or perceived bit of vague talk. 

Nicolas Kumar explored this idea more and his fears rose. Thought-patterns as these gathered. They leapt onto this one reality. 

"Now if you are to swing sometime today," said Arjuna, "and the ball strikes that tree there and bounces back, the ball coming to rest a step or two behind you, is this not a progress? The shot is not forgiven, yes? No, I do not think it is, and it should not be. And I hope they never change the rule. It is a progress. It's a progress in disguise. I did not see it myself for quite a while, but I wholeheartedly believe it is. Maybe along your way you will encounter a retracing step. Is this not a progress? Do your duty then, to the best of your abilities, for others and for yourself. Do so without selfish motive. Remember, before starting work or at the completion of some task, or even now while standing so inactive, do not think of God as one and you another, as God is in All, performing joyfully. Begin by understanding this. You can learn to respect this truth by repeated prayer. Practice looking upon all creatures as if they are you, in thought, word and deed. In recognition of this truth, of you as an equal, forgive yourself for any transgressions or blue mountains of error. The light that shines so bright that you before could hardly see, shines well within you now and will do so always. Your tears too, at any time that may flow as a mountain stream, are in reality unnecessary, and the sadness you feel then only lacks true understanding. Again, forgive me. Please. Continue with what you were doing." 

Nicolas took in the old man’s words as cruel punishment. He told himself, I probably had that coming. 

It next occurred to him to make use of this interruption. He felt he could excuse himself and back off the shot. Nicolas reversed that decision, though. He said quietly, "I can’t do that." Another thought came. Here too he readily scotched it. He told himself also, I can't do that either. 

Now he felt as fragile as any bud. He looked at the valley that had been giving him such a torrid time. He rehearsed the scene that was already an epic by taking forever. He tried hard to procure the green light. 

Nicolas blocked out all audience stares. You're stalling! he shouted inside his head. Now he felt as nervous as any first-timer at a major. 

He had the idea to let all caution lie with the unpredictable wind. He heard himself say a strong Yes! to it. This seemed to be the thing he had been awaiting. It provided him true spark. 

Put up a decent performance, he advised himself. Nicolas added a soft-spoken though choice set of words. After the swearing-in ceremony he felt about ready.

13

Down from the high hills the wind occasionally blew in. It arrived as if out of nowhere and then went away. The wind blowing in seemed to support the theory that now was the time for this much-awaited event. 

Nicolas sped through more preoccupations in his mind. He wished to receive an Okay! message from the Approver. It felt good knowing someone was up there thinking of him. 

He peered down at the one teed up. Fear set in. Hands, he sensed, had been laid on his. Nicolas underwent last-minute checks. This included repeated glances down the fairway. 

He was next caught dead aplomb over the ball. He looked poor as a fakir while possessing not one mind possession. 

Nicolas Kumar felt not ready to swing into action. He was surprised then to see that the club was mobile. The club he had held for so long was indeed moving, and in earnest this time. It drew a faint line over the grass where dew had been. 

The 3-wood went with extended care rearward. It rose. The club then looked to be scrambling up a fire ladder to save some helpless victim. It reached a peak. It was roughly at parallel. In perfect peace the 3-wood appeared to relax by reclining. 

Nicolas added more stretch and the club dipped below its zenith. As if that was the last straw, the club sharply rose from its lie-there position. It went around and then down with a to-heck-with-all fast motion. The unbearable coil had reacted to the terrible tension his body made. It sent the 3-wood crashing. The iron club, curiously referred to as a type of wood, was fast called back to Earth. It returned to its starting point as any metal-worker's hammer. All could hear the ball and 3-wood connect, Ting! The two sounded as if they’d been involved in an unfortunate roadside melee. 

His many-armed swing had swung the 3-wood down and through. His hands swept beyond the area where the ball had been and turned over. His little grippers arrived behind his left ear. They looked to have found a safe spot to hide.

The ball shot out as a medium-pacer. Nicolas had put in the brakes at the bottom before hitting. Sorely missing in the attack then was his usual tremendous firepower. 

Yes! he said to himself, despite having serious misgivings. And the good feeling that always came to him after hitting was followed fast by an ignoble vision. 

Nicolas sought the skies silently. The unfit paceman that flew lined the skies white. The ball climbed the sky as any common airliner. The drive was his heart's opposite. It was slowly inching up while his feelings for it were heading fast back down. The ball went as a leisurenaut. It went as any life condition. It at first was expansive and then ascendant. It would soon reach some peak. Then it would descend. 

With cheerless intent, Nicolas watched it go. He wanted it to drop in the drink, Kerplop! He feared it may overshoot its target. He experienced dampened spirits. 

"Go less!" he yelled. 

He remained in the follow through position. Nicolas again sent his gaze low. He believed this was the correct position for him, a future flower harvester. The flowers with their sweet scents looked like upturned designer cups. They appeared made only for catching broken hearts. 

Nicolas told himself added punishment would be his if he did not look up and follow the shot. He settled in again at watching. He saw in the delightful blue skies the ball vie for more space. The ball showed a lack of conviction for one fresh out of the box. It reached some peak. It went into its death dive. The ball proceeded to dump down into the snow-melt lake and there he saw its violent finish. Now he was no longer a go-getting linkster but an insurance person. 

He wondered if this act might herald an accurate prediction for his whole round here. Nicolas thought of nothing now as blankness froze him. He gazed at the spot his ball’s life had ended predictably wet. Nicolas looked as any shocked relative of the deceased. Eight seconds had gone by since his ball left the tee box. It went into the Protector of the Masses Lake as he had planned it. 

Nicolas brought the club down. He rocked the 3-wood back and forth over the green grass. He swung the club lightly to and fro as if rocking to sleep old granny. He shook his head in a similar dejected way. In absence of applause, his usual appreciations, he did not tip his cap. Instead he continued sweeping the club over the sorrowful ground. It seemed to him the time to till the land had just now come. 

He lived inside this poverty a second or so. He experienced more than an ounce of regret. Nicolas defied the six years of age he felt by bending low like the aged. He reached for and unceremoniously removed the blue tee from the ground. He lifted it amid the perceived quaking laughter, or general hardy-har-hars coming up at him from the dull-green grass.

Nicolas thought of this teacher’s perceived indignation. He went to return the 3-wood to his rucksack. He walked with an award-winning performance in aloofness. He went in a silence that was vacuum-like. 

He said in his head, Do it gently. This was his sole stage direction. 

He picked up and then he tied his jacket around his waist. He raised his rucksack up onto his right shoulder. Nicolas moved to strap in his other shoulder. His pack which might have grown moss on it from the long delays was adjusted to fit. Next he hopped up to even the weight on his shoulders. He stood then in jelly suspension.

Nicolas went over in his mind the tee shot that had ended. He sneaked a peek at his good teacher who appeared not bothered. The youth considered the nonplussed look on the old man's face that spoke volumes.

Arjuna already had on his jacket. He picked up his pack and put it on. He lifted his rainbow-colored umbrella to work as a sunshade. 

Nicolas undid the straps of his pack and set all down. He took out his umbrella, gray and shrunken. He opened then hoisted above him the thing that looked miserable. 

Arjuna adjusted his pack then he was off. He walked down off the front of the tee box platform. Arjuna went without uttering a word. 

Nicolas perceived this as a slight. He felt this snub was for hitting his ball in the Protector of the Masses Lake. He tried thinking of something different. He told himself to remain positive. In this way he hoped to achieve some relief.

14 

Nicolas could not help but walk slope-shouldered down. His irons banged together as he stepped down off the tee block platform. The sounds of his clanging clubs came to him then as sharp criticisms. The series of I told you so's reverberated inside his ears. The reproach entered his body unobstructed. 

Pesky, chatty, his irons seemed determined to speak all at once at him. They sounded quite concerned over the plight of these flowers or statues of martyrs. His club complaints were made greater as he descended further off the elevated tee box. With each step down his irons clamored for him to heed their good counsel and quit this place.

Just then a shadow of his self appeared. The image was that of a black knight, dressed in all black. It extended left and behind him. The shadow trailed him outside the protective shade of his gray umbrella. It followed him slanted. 

Nicolas stepped out onto the flower fairway. He went into one colorful crowd or hostile social situation. He headed to the flowing water he had once found reassuring. Nicolas reached the stream as any creature might, desperate for its particular brand of salvation. 

His club complaints had been drowned out. Sounds from the rushing stream had quieted his squad of nuisance clubs. The eternal hum of the stream dimmed also the noise going off in his head. He undid his pack and set all down. He bent low to take a sip. Afterwards he saddled up and carried on. Chants of Om Si Ram played in his mind. Nicolas recited this gift not to achieve bliss but for total distraction.

He next approached one batch of wildflowers that had on guarded smiles. This was in contrast to the bright view he had of them on first arriving. 

Nicolas walked with his pack on his back as a day-laborer. He went along the fast-flowing stream. He could see then the way to cross was by an old stone bridge. The old stone bridge appeared ancient. It looked to date back to the time of the Mahabharata. 

Nicolas continued under his dull umbrella. He went as any sad figure might, gray in the middle of a world full of color. He attempted to stride with purposeful intent. He looked to Arjuna. He thought a riot-like situation was at the spot he now stood. The area seemed chock-full of color. 

He continued with his heavy foot action. Nicolas stomped on a multitude of wildflowers as he went. He crushed color and stem, leaf and bud, with each press down of his heavy hiking boots. It might have appeared he was carrying out target killings. 

The gushing waterfall, known to the locals, the migratory shepherds and nomadic cattle herders, as The Fountain, became louder with each crushing step forward. 

Nicolas crossed the stone bridge. Moments later he reached the front of the lake, or nearest point of entry of his drive. He set down his rucksack. He pulled from his pack a new ball and searched for a suitable place to drop it. Little clear area was found. 

He extended an arm over a spot that looked good enough. He let go. The ball landed fine. But then it rolled over to a colorful flower group. 

Nicolas watched it cuddle up to, or boyfriend one flower. The ball stopped inches from an area he more preferred. This was nothing new. It was often the case with any course-goer who had quite other plans for it.

After the drop fresh tribes of flowers appeared interested in getting close. Each stood between being a thing alive and one dead. Several pink geraniums seemed to line up to take their chances. Stunning mauve polemoniums stood prettily in his way. Others appeared waiting. 

As for  the murder to be administered, in oblong patches, Nicolas did not care for it much. To him, the flowers were simply gathering, giving, benefiting and accepting, in perfect peace with All. He felt the flowers were multiple bests in a grand show of winners. The flowers looked as if it was their birthright destiny also to stand there in his way. 

Nicolas understood that most of the massacring was about to come. He cursed the day he had agreed to come up here for this. Again he told himself he had no real choice. 

He pulled from his pack his pitching wedge. He chose this club to cut through all flower clutter. Nicolas bent back as practice the stems of one flower group. They leaned onto one another. The corralled became one tamed. They stood captured and caged. 

To control these natives into revealing, he bent back their stems more. He hoped to get a better looksee at the ground he would sometime hit. After more proddings he roamed the club with some force. Soon he was sifting through a delightful series of blue forget-me-nots.

Nicolas looked to the old man who was still searching. He saw him peer into one brilliant patch. He scolded himself for not helping in the search. 

"What were you thinking?" he said.

Nicolas saw that the old man had unexpectedly found it. He watched him reach down and pick up the ball. Arjuna then  turned in his direction. He raised the ball in high triumph. The old man held it up as if match-lit. From this distance he looked like a lighthouse to eternal wisdom. 

Nicolas saw him pocket it to quit. He thought this was his way of accepting his lost chance at securing par or better. 

"Perhaps he is thinking that toiling on this one would be hard to take," Nicolas said to no one flower in particular. It’s like bowling into the nets, his other self added inside. "Maybe the next will be better for him," said the first.

Arjuna, however, had other thoughts. While he enjoyed the idea of pitting himself against the vagaries of nature, other things were on his mind. He believed it best to focus on this fourth stage in life of the sannyasi or wandering ascetic. He accepted his circumstances as they were. Arjuna sent out his consciousness to be with all in the valley. 

"See the Goddess," said Arjuna. He then had the glorious feeling of self-surrender. 

The old man concentrated next on the flowers that deserved laurels. He sensed their eternal presence. He mixed sight, scent, sound and thought that intermingled inside. Arjuna enjoyed the magic of blended senses. He sensed the grand eternal wonder by simply having enthusiasm for it. 

Arjuna gazed at the waterfall while seeing well into another time. Eyes locked, he witnessed the existence of Is and Is Not. This added greatly to the serenity that surrounded. 

The old man recited under his breath then a passage from one holy text. In return for being so mindful, the Goddess offered him yet another spectacular view. The cascading rainbow gave its arching colors willingly. In attendance up there too were a few senior members from Arjuna's playing past. 

The old man looked to the flowers standing nearest him. In each he saw their everlasting presence that can never be affected. He saw in them too a sea of horizons. Arjuna felt free from conflict, fear, agitation, guilt and hurt. 

The sight of these colors gushing over the valley had him standing as any true believer. He inched towards stillness. Through the magic of blended sight, scent, sound and touch, as well as thought, he felt the Divine Force's presence. This re-ignited in him the sense that All is timeless eternity. 

Arjuna reached down to touch one leaf. The old man bent to hold between finger and thumb one fragile petal. He felt this flower's cup was the abode of the Most High. Arjuna vowed to act daily in its service. The old man stood then as an enjoyer. He felt blessed for this illuminative experience. He was glad too for this gift of being meditatively so able. 

For being so mindful, the old man was offered yet another remarkable vision. The soft-spoken rainbow could again be seen. It arched as any high-flying arrow over this hallowed battleground. 

The old man thought, Now is the time for doing.

He looked to the youth who seemed spoiling for a fight. He smiled. The old man moved to join this fine young fellow. He went as one who had good news to tell. Arjuna had the desire to relate the rhythm and hum of the grand eternal as best he knew it. He wanted to recount what he had only just experienced, though the wish did not possess him. 

To that aim, he walked to his goal of crossing the old stone bridge or mysterious place of both arrival and departure. He went as one who can easily hold in what he had to say.

Nicolas turned to face the old man. He watched him crush scores of flowers as he went. He saw him walk through the flowered valley where even carrying plastic is a no-no. He saw on the old man's face he was in no real rush to instruct. 

To him, Arjuna appeared not in a hurry to say a thing more, and he relaxed some. Nicolas Kumar watched the old man cross over the stone bridge then come his way. 

"Surely one who is born today is sure to die," said Arjuna, stepping over to him happily. "True too, all alive will live always and never have you not been." 

Arjuna stopped. He looked around. He appeared refreshed. He said, "In time every record will dissolve away. Not one will remain. I can guarantee you not one record will linger on. It is no different with a stone. When touched by the sun's spotless flame and running water long enough, it is sure to look like a chapati bread at the end."

The old man gazed at one flower nearest him. He looked back at Nicolas. He said, "Now in playing other courses I ask only that you follow the flight path of the sun. Each day begins in the morning when the sun sets off in the east. It shines in all these places north and south then comes to rest in the west, in Gujarat. The sun’s spotless shine carries on its daily golden way to the Arabian countries. Or you can have it that in a moment's time the sun’s dawning praise signals that you are in India’s east, in the age-old city of Benares perhaps. Halfway through this cycle you are in the south, which could be in the state of Kerala. When the sun sets down to rest you are in the west. As with the course of the sun the ball sets off and rises. It transits up to arrive at some peak. Then it descends. It goes down to rest awhile." 

Arjuna held up. He then added, "Willing is not enough, you must also act. Know too in this one existence you are asked to be courageous." 

Nicolas had a startling revelation. The eye-opener he knew had been hinted at before. And what was giving him such a fright was that he would be going on alone here, into the ceaseless wild.

15 

Nicolas was surprised he would be taking this news so hard. He closed his eyes and held back his sadness. He switched from using eco-lights to looking at the old stone bridge. In the remaining moments with this good teacher, he judged the stone bridge to be strong and solid. It looked to have lasted a millennia. Now a normal monsoon from his eyes could at anytime be expected. The old man appeared ready to leave when he spoke more.

"Now the number of hits you take, count them as rows of pearls, linked each-to-each as with every breath you take in and also give back." 

Nicolas first thought to ask this sage what was really on his mind. Instead he throated softly, "But will you not see me through this colorful valley?" He wished to erase then what he had only just said. 

Arjuna remained silent. The old man thought how best to answer the youth’s question. It occurred to him to say that he was at the stage when quiet contemplation, complaints, along with ever-present pain were likely to take over. 

He kept all that to himself, however. Instead, the old man replied by sending out first a sigh that sounded like extreme exhaustion. He breathed in. He said, "I am at the heartfelt most excellent stage in life. I’m seventy-two and have said my last farewell to the game. This course is yours."

The news was something Nicolas felt might never sink in. As for being left lone here, the idea took him to despair. He held back feelings of heartbreak. Nicolas felt he had been tasked with some new appointment. He concerned himself next with the way ahead. The pathway had claimed sacred ground. Nicolas peered at the snow-clad mountains through moist eyes. They looked like glittering colossals, fresh from a violent storm.

Again he thought to leave this paradise. Nicolas wished to do an about-face, head back down the mountain, take the overnight bus, to enjoy once more his wild turn at play with his school chums back in the big city. He wanted to be just as any fortunate city dweller: arrive at the valley and stay briefly, promise to return some day, but only after a number of years had safely gone by. 

Till such times, he thought.

Nicolas next focused on this guide about to leave him. This raised his fearing speculations. He wished to know if his father had paid this guru. Nicolas Kumar wanted to know if he could treat him as one who is hired, and so make him do as he wished. He felt it was this good teacher's solemn duty to stay here and guide him. 

I mean, why else did he come up here, anyway?

Nicolas felt not present at the spot he now stood. Time ticked so slowly. This lasted until Arjuna spoke and so decide himself that time should altogether stop. 

"Think of me as an honorary starter," he said. As to this time-honored tradition, the ceremonial starter is a sweet touch. It is a time to witness golf royalty.

The old man handed the ball back to young Nicolas. He said, "And of course there is always a teacher here to help guide you." He then gave a sweep of his arm over all in the valley. This was in playful imitation of Nicolas from earlier. 

Arjuna turned to leave. He headed towards the stone bridge. He turned back a time or two while walking. 

The youth’s gloomy eyes posed risk of severe flooding. He experienced a sudden upwelling. Nicolas feared falling into uncontrollable crying. He thought this was done only by the saddest saps. He held out hope things would change for the noticeable better. It occurred to him this good teacher could see him crying. He felt it would be one clear directive for him to stay longer, and so he let go, allowing the dams to break. Nicolas open-carried his heart as if it were on his sleeve, blood-red and beating. 

To this water-shedding, a curiously precious commodity in the mountains considering so much rain, he could not then see out. His expression of sorrow reached a peak. He tried clearing up his sight. He saw that Arjuna had not returned but was instead some distance off. 

Still blurry, he watched Arjuna step onto the stone bridge. He saw him hold up on the bridge's crest. He saw him raise his hand in a casual goodbye. Next thing Nicolas knew was that this teacher, this humble guide and good friend to him here would not be coming back. 

Again, he felt the sharp pang of some departure. He was a bit shame-faced for outwardly crying. With no more good counsel to see him on his way, the image of his father made a brief though surprise visit. Nicolas saw his father atop the old stone bridge. His father had on his face the same stern look when he had left to come up here. This visit too would end in heart-wrenching pain. 

He saw his father raise his arm further in a gesture of fond farewell. Nicolas noticed his bracelet, a white ouroboros, slide down not his father's arm but Arjuna's. 

"But how shall I find this honorable teacher?" he shouted in an effort to get back.

"Easy!" called the old man. And his mischievous grin was again on his tanned face. All grown up, Arjuna sported his boyish smile. He reminisced a moment or so atop the old stone bridge. Then he yelled, "This chant I leave you with!" 

Naughty and witty, the old man hollowed his raised hand. He put it up to his mouth. He did this to guide the vibration of his resonating deep voice. Almost magically the colors of the Kundalini showed brilliantly behind him. Colors as these appeared to gather all round. The sun or grand mark of time also shined. The Grand Chronocator spread a ring of liquid-gold light over all in the Valley of Flowers.

The old man breathed in deep. He appeared ready to bellow a glad tiding with his trumpeting loud voice. 

Nicolas understood this statement would be meant for him to draw from here, as well as for years after. He knew too this would likely end this major scene between them. 

"Look for one who is wide-eyed and wanders freely!" the old man shouted. And again he sported his boyish smile that many have said could push up mountains. 

Arjuna bent to touch the old stone bridge in a gesture of darshan. He crossed over the bridge. The old man reached the far side of the stream, or nascent new ocean that just now separated them. Again, he opened then hoisted above him his rainbow-colored umbrella. He headed back through the fairway made up of a multitude of colorful wildflowers. 

Nicolas watched him go. He saw him climb the short rise to arrive back onto the 1st tee. He watched Arjuna go behind a small hillock there. Then he was out of sight. Nicolas stared at the spot lit up by a prettifier sun. The departure of this teacher left him feeling so alone.

16 

Nicolas wore a deserted look. He prepared in his heart for more flower destruction. He stood unmoving, looking as if he were a physicist doing time solving. He attempted next to make light. The one without an anatha or guiding teacher said again he regretted getting out of bed for this. He turned back to look at what lies ahead for him. He saw that nature seemed so exceedingly restless. 

Nicolas surveyed a white flag on a white flagstick. The flag on the green stood beyond the flowers and snow-melt lake. It fluttered in the breeze faithless. The white flag pointed at the ground. This told him he should just lie down and wait for vultures.

Nicolas considered the flag's suggestion for him. He stood for a time staring. He dwelt on the nature of defeat. Then his nerves moved on some to steel city. 

"Time to move into action," he said. 

Nicolas thought of the ball he had dropped one club length from the point of entry. He went without hesitation to stand over it. He moved then to hit with the club he already had. He held out in front of him the pitching wedge. He gripped it like the law was in his hands. Next thing he knew a dozen or so flowers shot up from the drop zone. They had flown up from his Swoosh! swing. 

The thing was over in a flash. It made him look like an avid embroidery trader. The ball had left the spot medium-like. It crossed the Protector of the Masses Lake though off to one side. It instantly headed into one bright bouquet as a failed missile. He felt all was one big stinking waste dump. 

Nicolas looked to where a bundle of colorful flowers lay complementary to this very idea. He stood pressing down on these little beauties while not really wishing to. He went to pick up his rucksack and struggled to get it on properly. 

While fighting gravity, a yellow-throated marten flew by. Nicolas Kumar followed the flight of this unlikely visitor. He wished to catch a ride on its tiny body to escape from this place. 

But as suddenly as this one flier appeared it went away. Then the flight of another arrived. The grim shadow of this one raced over the reluctant flower ground. In place of looking up, Nicolas followed its grisly running shadow. He watched a series of silhouettes produce grotesque shapes over the Valley of Flowers. The gross images went quick in undulating rolls. 

Nicolas looked up to spot it. The one flying had left before he could catch any glimpse of it, other than what had rolled ugly over the flower ground. 

He went to the spot near the lake where his ball had gone. Nicolas found it without difficulty. It was resting against a gathering of pink flowers. He laid down his pack. He pulled from it one club and began to set up. 

He settled in and took the club back. A second or so later flowers ripped up. They flew off in quick dispersion. His swing looked done by a farmer's pitchfork bailing hay. It seemed to him he had only come here to tear this world apart. 

Nicolas picked up his pack. He headed to the place his ball had flown and found it in a difficult spot. It occurred to him to just kick the thing. He felt he could improve his lie this way. Nicolas hesitated and in the end he did not. 

Another swing came and went. This too was done by his earth-remover pitching wedge. The ball rode the chill air briefly. Mountain peaks showed as magnificent backdrops. They were the models of beauty to anyone.

He went the short way to where his ball lay. Nicolas again had the notion to do some form of ball-tampering. He felt it would be easy enough to give the thing a spot-kick or roll it over with the bottom of his hiking boot. Nicolas thought he could roll it up onto a tuft of something not so petaled. 

But he decided against it. He said in a voice unlike his own, "Devabhumi. Remember, you are on God’s land." 

Soon after he took a horizontal swing. Nicolas took back the club as a flattened practice stroke. He rode the flat line once, twice, then again. He swung once more at a similar angle as Hogan's well known one-plane swing. 

Nicolas took aim with his eyes first. He listened then was treated to the thrashing sound his swing made at impact. He gathered his things and went to where his ball lay. Nicolas began to set up. He swung. The shot came out fat. It went a short way with the seemingly worthless material known as common dirt. 

The ball had gone into one colorful patch. It had fallen into flowers shaped as upturned stars. He saw that the flower dead were many. His swinging in the area had claimed lives. Countless now were seriously wounded. The scars on the ground looked like the after-effects of a crude bomb. 

The disappearance of these flowers seemed sorely missed by the remaining others. He told himself the stroke penalty for hitting in the lake was something he had to remember. 

He went to the place his shot had gone. Nicolas looked for his ball with his pack on his back. He felt the flowers might remarkably spill the beans as to where his little friend was by simply telling him. 

In his ears the whispering grapevine had it that his ball had nestled in nicely. Nicolas got word the ball had found good accommodation in among their bunch. The flowers seemed to tell him, or perhaps it was just his intuition, that his ball was off right. Nicolas turned his offending wedge in that direction. He stood tall in the fight. His cap was then in his free hand when suddenly he pointed with it. 

"There!" he said. 

He set down his pack of club boys to one side. Nicolas put back the club and pulled out a different wedge. In this way he showed his firm intention of taking up arms in the valley. 

He took two swings above his found ball. He stood blank, became lost as any hare. Now he felt all were hunting him and this was his elimination round. 

For his next turn at destruction, Nicolas chose a lob wedge. He took a swing above the spot his ball lay comfortably in the mix. He set up in earnest. In a flash the little white ball was hit with a bundle of flower growth. All took off heavy with a slab of moist earth. He watched all fly. The mud-as-divot flew off with the flowers. It soon gave up its struggle for life through flight and flopped down. 

He focused on the place his ball went. Into more clusters he sent this sad story. Nicolas looked down at the spot of his ball’s previous predicament. He felt he should replace the divot, or clean up some the manhole he had just created. It occurred to him next the area could end up ranking highest in destruction of any Indian state. He believed this record could even widen to earn the highest sickening incidences of soul-polluting cow slaughter. 

He looked at his gloved hand. He acknowledged his part in the crime. Nicolas felt he had worked hand-in-glove as any cattle smuggler might, who worked for the O so despicable tanneries. 

Butcher! Killer! he told himself. He swung in anger at the open air. Nicolas believed he was doing less damage this way. His club hovered over a few flower bulbs. He focused on the ball. He appeared to be in the midst of a murderous frenzy when he took the swing. After which, he picked up his pack and headed to another group of mingling flowers. 

Nicolas found his ball, thanked God, then he laid down his pack. He went to take the shot quickly. He moved to set up. Soon an explosive batch of wildflowers was all he knew. 

He looked down at the spot his ball had been and saw only horror. The area appeared to have witnessed war firsthand. Many flowers lay dead. Pleas from the remaining colorful others could at anytime be expected.

Nicolas picked up his things and the feeling of joy was not his. He went to look for his ball. On finding it he began to set up. Soon another bundle of wildflowers flew up with an oblong slab of soil. Shot after shot then kept the scoreboard in the sky ticking over

Of this killing he said to himself, Who are you to do this?

Again, he picked up his kit and bore the pain of dozens. He went while the remaining others seemed to scream over the bodies of their near and dear ones. Nicolas arrived and not long after another swing ploughed through as practice. He shot at flower shafts in a repeated splash manner.

Nicolas perceived a valley in vast turmoil. He drew back his destructive club. His wrists he set early. The club rose to the point known as parallel. He held it there and felt the powerful coil. Nicolas sensed hesitation. His many-armed motion came down, striking in a flash. 

A Whoosh! could then be heard cutting through. The ball with another batch of wildflowers was alight. All flew low in an abbreviated flight that descended off right. The ball went into a ghostly haunt of white flowers he would rather not think about. 

Nicolas struggled with life issues. He went to what would otherwise have been an easy mid-pitch to the green. This too would sail a second or so. It would go sleepless into another flowerbed. 

He discovered the spot where his ball lay. He went about making another demarcation trench in the flower ground. The flowers seemed to know they were in the unenviable position of being at the mercy of this one little human. 

He swung. All lost their heads while Nicolas did what he could to keep his own melon thinking rationally. He wished to leave this trail of death and destruction. He followed the short flight of his ball. Nicolas gathered his things. He went to look for the ball and found it easily. 

"Just one more hack at it and I should be on," he said.

Several determined swings later, a rash of flop shots, and the valley was thoroughly reaped away. Now he was in no mood for sparing anyone. 

Two more shots came down on the Earth heavy. He neared the green. One final act was to make another shovelful of mud, killing a handful of wildflowers. This attempt too was a flop shot. 

Nicolas went with his pack the short way to where his ball lay lifeless near the green. He set all down. Nicolas resisted taking a stab at it, but soon it was away. The shot was one of his better ones. The ball landed on the green and he felt happy. The green might as well have been decorated with festive lights at the time of Diwali.

He went to retrieve his things. Nicolas put all on his right shoulder. He led his gang of ignorant thugs through traffic snarls made up of colorful wildflowers. He arrived onto this dance floor green shoulders first. Nicolas stepped onto this new frontier or elevated putting table. 

"Finally," he said. 

He guessed the putt to be somewhere in the neighborhood of forty feet. It was a downhiller and somewhat bending.

Nicolas eyed the white flag on a white flagstick. The two had a seen-it-all-before manner. The flag as Mr. Surrender looked especially sad or sorry. It seemed to say there was no reason to celebrate light or life. It appeared to be telling him there was no real reason to try.

17 

The surface of the green did not have the pleasurable pool table look he was used to. The green was drawn in brown more than he would have liked. It looked thrown here and there with a type of masala chili powder. The green had a bumpy flow to it that made it look makeshift or temporary. It was thick in areas with genuine rough patches, the result of being without regular proper maintenance. 

Nicolas conceded the battle had just become tougher. He gauged the putt to be a difficult one. The flag kicked up. It fluttered in the breeze faithless. As to his chances of getting it up close, Nicolas felt about the same as the flag. 

He next went to the back of the green. He laid his pack on the fringe. Nicolas set it down near a few poppy swells. His pack with his clubs in it lay on the ground looking dazed and confused. This was in contrast to the flowers standing bolt upright. The flowers stood at military attention as if their security level had just been raised a hue. 

Nicolas undid his jacket from around his waist. He laid it onto his pack. Next he pulled off the glove on his left hand. He bent down. He removed the club that usually attends to any difficulty atop a green. Nicolas gripped the putter again and again. The grip appeared to have turned into a string of goat meat that now needed tenderizing. 

He went to the hole and pluck the flagstick from the cup. It seemed to be the usual dimensions. The hole looked to be 108mm wide by 108mm deep by regulation. The numbers struck him as quite curious. The number 108 happened to be Hindu holy. 

He pulled the flag from the hole and did not toss it. Nicolas held it out front as if it was a baton and he was leading the parade. He laid the flagstick down onto the green, though well away from his line. 

Nicolas went to look at his putt from the far side of the hole. He thought of the magic 108 number that was the number on the holy mala beads. He remembered that there are 108 points that help define the body, along with being the full range of human emotions. Nicolas recalled that 108 is the number of the Yantra, the geometric figure that is a crucial aid to knowing Ultimate Truth. 

He walked the full length of the putt. Nicolas came back and squatted behind the ball about a meter or so. He took a long-learning look at his putt. Nicolas ran an imaginary line from his ball to the cup then back again. He focused on the grass next to complete this triad known as the Trimurti. 

The cosmic functions of birth, life and death were all there with him then when abruptly he stood. He went to the hole and came back. Once more he squatted low as a vegetable seller. Nicolas was directly behind the one about to be consumed. 

He rose. He studied the line from his roughly six foot aerial angle. The youth went back to pacing the length of his putt that looked serpentine. 

Again he arrived behind the ball and squatted. He inched closer. He did this to get an even finer line. Nicolas asked for divine help then stood. He moved to set up but backed off. He returned to his usual two meters behind the ball to recheck. Nicolas again squatted low. He rested the club on a thigh. The club with the lead tape on its back, referred to as Father Electric, was to him the real deal. Of his many club weapons this was the one he could rely. It was known for getting him good results. 

Nicolas was fond of this producer of winning memories. He looked at the logo burned into the club. It had been forged by one of the game's well known hardware merchants. 

Nicolas raised his hands to the sides of his cap as to put on blinders. He fashion forwarded it some. His line to the hole was a sidewinder. Nicolas figured the right-to-left breaker would open up at the hole. He began creating his usual pre-enactments. Nicolas walked the full length of the putt as an inspector might looking for clues. He returned as one who had gotten a whispered tip-off from a reliable source. 

He moved to take his stance over the ball. Suspense entered. He hoped to knock it in on one and be done with the thing. 

Nicolas took a few practice strokes. He put behind the ball the one about to make its directorial début. He brought his right foot up to the spot it had been previously. As for the other, he moved it forward to be more in line with the first. 

He bent over to putt in his familiar style. Nicolas appeared set to close some big real estate deal. He looked forward to the ball falling into the cup, which serves symbolically the cosmic function of Shiva, or Lord of Destruction, the purist example yet all nature is holy.

The thought of looking into the dark cup ruled him. Nicolas held firm the club designed for such a subtle touch. He said in a tiny whisper, "I pray only for your kindness, Lord."

Now he felt he should get down to work. He wanted to get the proper line and speed of the green. Nicolas hoped to be done with the thing and finally. 

A Quiet, please! order seemed to have been issued to all in the famed Valley of Flowers. Over the fast-rushing stream, the mountains, the colorful flowers, a hush fell onto this hard-to-believe landscape. Only the occasional sounds of light air gusts could then be heard. A strong breeze rushed in to shove him forward. It left without much success. 

Nicolas adjusted his stance to settle in better. He turned the face of the club to aim right for more break. He scoped the line. Numerous looks at the hole, then over the green, then back at the ball, would soon set all in motion. 

Then he just stroked it. The ball ventured off. It went as any happy-go-lucky, tra-la-la, more or less towards the intended target.

He had a focused calm while watching. Nicolas observed the jolly roller travel somewhat downhill. He saw it enter a difficult spot. He watched it roll into a patch of collected dirt. He demolished down any high hopes for it by thinking up the worst. 

The ball stopped well short. It had gotten caught up in the thick area. Nicolas took no time in setting up over this next putt. He made the decision to go for it with some speed. 

Give it a chance, he told himself. 

Soon after, the rounded one was on its way. The ball was again heading towards the cylindrical dark hole but a taste right. It turned nicely and against the odds. The ball moved onto a much better line. The one rolling headed one finger right. It looked as if it might still change lanes. Although it was by no means a shoe-in, it looked good to him. It went as any Good Samaritan. 

Then the ball did break onto a better line. It headed directly at the hole. It occurred to him that his putting had not lost its sheen. He felt the God-touch might still be his. 

"Yes!" he said. 

At the hole the ball did not go in dead center. It turned at the end. The ball spun from centrifugal force around the top curvature condition of the hole. It did a complete 360. It stopped then staggered on the lip of the cup. It looked like any sad wayfarer, standing on a street-side curb. 

Nicolas hastened a low groan. Several funeral pyres burned in him. He looked on the cusp of bursting into a tall flame of fire.  

Again, Nicolas felt sorry for coming up here for this. The little ball looked as if it could stay on this hard edge forever. Repeated sharp looks at it did not improve the situation. In place of dropping in, the ball rested on the cup comfortably. 

The ball looked satisfied being between a thing dead and in the hole and one alive and on top. It stayed on that thin line perched between here and then gone. To him, the ball had turned traitor. He believed it was intent on spiting him.

Nicolas added a few undesirable remarks. The agony of his play till now, coupled with this close-but-no-cigar effort, came to him now as a pair of seeing-red charging bulls. He looked on the boil. A hectic lobbying for allies followed. Nicolas was dumbfounded, bitter at being left lone up here and standing there haggling with no one. 

He stared at the ball that remained on the rim of the cup. He could not comprehend how it could make such a lovely turn at the hole, then have the appalling gall to not drop in. He could not understand how it could do such a thing to him, an otherwise gentle fellow. It seemed nature was designed for pinning down any course-goer, as something of a rule of thumb. 

Once more Nicolas decided against using anger. He chose not to do with his club what he had done in circumstances such as this, which was plant it. He felt he had one option left. He then began the mature process of letting his shadow do the dirty work. 

Nicolas moved to put himself between the sun, the ageless wonder here, and the dark hole. He stood between the one burning bright and the white ball, or object that frequently disobeys. He felt the ball and hole could still be united in a type of matrimony, with attendees enjoying a brief show of an eclipse of the sun. 

Except for where his ball lay, the swarming sunrays were successful in covering all in the Valley of Flowers. The ball remained atop the edge of the cup as the great Spaniard's in '84. It seemed hell-bent on inflicting him pain.

Suddenly he glimpsed a wish-fulfilling wobble. Then, like preceding the birth of time, the ball appeared to quiver. A blaze of sunshine showed over the cup. Nicolas had moved from excitement but was soon back in position. He stood in the sun's light and froze. He felt he still had some chance.

18 

Nicolas no longer felt in control of his mind. He felt he had little control over his body too. As to what his physical self might do next, he could not be certain: toss up his cap, kick up a leg, go into a Scottish jig even, if the thing dropped in. 

And the ball did remain shaky. It continued its balancing act atop the lip of the cup. The ball kept up its devil dance known to him now as The Great Tease. 

Despite his fervent wish for it, it looked unwilling to roll over and just die. It appeared ready to continue its death dance in front of him forever. The ball remained atop the lip of the cup for a full four, five, six seconds and more or entire length of all eternity. 

Then it did move, and against the odds. 

Nicolas looked at the grass sensing his own struggle with gravity. Without consciously knowing it, he began lofting his putter in celebratory anticipation. He lifted the club, bit by slow bit, with ever-growing assurance. 

Then it happened. All at once, in a slow counter-rotational spiral that kept the suspense alive, the ball gravitationally lost its struggle for life against death. It plunged into the cylindrical dark cup that looked massless or time-like. It fell beneath a sky lit ablaze by the all-seeming uncaring. Into this end-state the ball disappeared, pure and for keeps. 

A quaint tumbling tune could then be heard. It sounded as if a certain someone had become somewhat bitter. The ball was safely scuttled away and his muscles loosened. He no longer wore a long face but was actually beaming. Any could see that the ball falling in was widely appreciated by him. On his face too was a satisfied look of hard-won glory. 

Nicolas complimented himself on a job well done. As the big bout was now over, he felt an urge to give all a good finishing punch. He enlisted an uppercut fist-pump that founded his newest signature and his spirits soared. 

He gave his pant leg a quick hike. Nicolas stepped forward once. He reached down and plucked out his roped-in ball. He took from the cup the principal member in this drama of the absurd that had ended just fine. 

Nicolas extended this moment out of the sheer enjoyment of it. He believed he had come through as a talent-hunt winner. 

He returned the flag to the hole. Nicolas headed to his pack sensing the tiny tactile pleasure of repeatedly turning over the ball in his hand. He twirled between his fingers the club he held in the other. This was his favorite aftershow. 

Nicolas went to his rucksack as if he had all along been his greatest cheerleader. He put back in his pack his ball and also Arjuna's. He put away his glove and then took out his course journal. He began recounting the shock treatment he had given this high place. 

Nicolas went to the page he believed his score should go. It looked entirely innocent but was about to be marred. The southpaw recounted the number on behalf of this curiously happy victor. 

The math complete, he marked down the high number. He pick up and put on his jacket. Nicolas lifted his pack and returned the putter. He straightened the club's head in the bag. He set off for the 2nd without so much as benefiting from a returning glance. He thought nothing now of the violence he had just administered to all in the Valley of Flowers. He hoped only to get back his mood-making self belief or mojo. 

The freshness of the mountain air was then on his face as he thought of his future accomplishments. After an hour he believed he could see the 2nd in the distance. He was happy to find the next tee without much searching here or there. 

"Just a little ways to go," he said.

He felt he had all by himself found this next hole. He made out he had discovered this next station-in-charge. He gave no recognition now to the help he had received along the way. He had all along followed a goat trail. This had been set there eons ago by migrating herders. Discovering the 2nd was made possible too by simply being there. 

Nature had more than adequately supplied a way for him to go and would do so always.

Nicolas moved to retrieve the water bottle from his pack. He wanted to give himself this reward. At first he struggled with the bottle’s cap. It soon popped open though and the waterworks were fully operational. 

He took a drink and savored. Nicolas came back from this ecstasy additionally pumped. He held the bottle by his side and stared blankly. He looked to the Indian Himalayas, or spread out view of heaven with renewed energy. He felt altogether good about himself. Nicolas looked forward to more play here. 

The death toll over the valley would likely go uncounted. Of this he was not too concerned. Instead, he was all over again happy with his changed form. 

He looked to where there was nothing made mechanical by man. Nicolas next peered at what he believed was the 2nd tee. It seemed quite untouched. The area was without the incredible flower concentration as on the 1st. He could not say, hand on heart, if this was better. Less flowers was a good thing, he thought. But then he wondered what more might come. 

Nicolas daydreamed the 1st had been easy for him. It was not at all long, he told himself. He then came up with the bright idea of being handed a bouquet for participating up here. He thought to say, to any interested in hearing it, what his ego self was now telling him. And the message was that it would be foolish to bet against him. 

As for the applause that always followed, loud and clear in his ears, and straight through childhood, Nicolas heard even more. He felt nothing now of being immaculately whipped on the 1st. He thought only of the thing that had happened at the end when his ball dropped in. 

Nicolas Kumar issued a word of caution for his gloating. He brushed that aside, however, as if caution were a mere clod of dirt stuck to his pant legs.

He missed his gizmos. His computer he had left at home; his many gaming devices were back at his family's haveli; his phone too was back in his room where he had been told to leave it. Growing up as a gadgeteer, he wished to have at least one of these.

Nicolas concentrated next on the series of standing-O’s he usually received and was just now taking delivery. Sounds of virulent golf claps swelled his head. It felt like crackling sparklers had been lit off and were bursting all around him. 

He heard endless praise of himself. Nicolas enjoyed this as any fanboy. He basked in this glory. He felt these audience cheers were like roars of thunder. He heard loud and clear in his head the insistent calls of "Autograph please!" 

From this crowd’s incredible root-for, it was clear to him that they wanted to see more. 

He focused next on finding that No. 2 spot. He walked in high triumph. Nicolas believed he cut a striking figure. He felt he looked as good as any cinema star as he reached up to touch his chin. He felt for a five o'clock shadow before midday. Failing this, he lifted his cap as to acknowledge the appreciation of the imaginary flower crowd. 

He let loose his star-plus hair. His hair fell over his ears. It hung an inch or so above the shoulder area. His hair went to and fro from his extended strides. 

Nicolas Kumar returned his cap atop his head. He flashed at all a brilliant smile. He hoped in this way to show his immeasurable greatness. 

No longer a beanpole from his earlier school days, but lean and muscular, Nicolas could not help but think he was the one doing the saving up here. The one with the gray-green eyes and tendency to outward identify, therefore so divide, came up next with the idea that he alone was carrying on to win over the whole world. 

With almost no memory of his play to now, he believed he could still achieve a good round up here. He imagined there would be the equivalent of a vanity van ready and waiting for him. 

But there was none. No one was waiting to whisk him off, to be interviewed perhaps by the world's adoring media. He would have to do the footwork all on his own. 

Still, he felt he could achieve headlines, and do so even from this faraway mountain place. 

Nicolas neared the 2nd tee. He stayed quiet while walking. He peered at the Indian Himalayas, or massed-up humble giants, set there forever, and which have long been a source of inspiration to so many, although now he felt he was the one others should look up to. 

By that thinking all was not at his level. This placed him above the common rest of them.

Nicolas distanced himself further. He ventured to a spot in his I-making mind. He hibernated in this dream world. He was not at the heart side. 

As to what all he perceived over the valley, the various applause, the appreciations, coming as from the colorful flower gatherings, the persistent calls or challenge perhaps to those living in the modern era, all seemed hushed, and waiting anxiously, in his silent support.

"The clock starts now," he said. And his ego mind carried on, placing himself on something of a higher pedestal.

Keep your mistakes to a minimum, Nicolas advised himself inside, as he approached the walk-up to the 2nd tee. And he felt he would be perfect from here on out. 

But then he sensed in his legs the effort put in from even this mild climbing. He experienced the struggle and strain from moving in these mountains. 

While breathing heavy, from walking up further into thin air, his happiness with his self stayed, however, undaunted within him. 

His pride too, in his perceived achievements on the course till now, along with how good he thought he looked, left him quiet though still there. 

Conversely, he had no sense yet of losing his self in the presence of All. 

Had it not been for his strained breathing, which just now held his fascination, along with the soreness he felt in his shoulders, back, arms and legs, the daily sensations of any cart-puller, he might have gone on to spout his made-up versions of Ultimate Truth.

Nicolas warmed more to the topic of his own mystery. He felt spurred on by this particular brand of ego growth. He said aloud to no one, "For me to bear down now and deliver would be quite satisfying." 

By his recent modest play here, two putts, Nicolas Kumar felt he had rendered all quiet: breeze-blown trees, rustling brush, humbler folk, his audience.


###

@CollChris on Twitter / Google+§
collchris1@gmail.com§
