
THE LONELY HEARTS CLUB BAND


Maria Blanca Alonso


Copyright 2014 Maria Blanca Alonso


Smashword Edition, Licence Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author

Contents

Chapter 1: Billy Shears
Chapter 2: Lucy
Chapter 3: Robert McAndrews
Chapter 4: Dougie
Chapter 5: Mrs Henderson
Chapter 6: Lucy's Mother
Chapter 7: Mr Kite
Chapter 8: Robert McAndrews, Again
Chapter 9: Denise
Chapter 10: Rita
Chapter 11: Mr Henderson
Chapter 12: Robert McAndrews, One Last Time
Chapter 13: The Lonely Hearts Club

About the author
CHAPTER 1: BILLY SHEARS

‘...may I introduce to you,
the act you’ve known for all these years...’

Billy Shears moved about the room with the exaggerated stealth of a man on a vaudeville stage, his feet lifting high off the floor while his toes pointed down to tread softly across the cold bare floorboards, his arms held slightly away from his body to steady himself and guard against any stumble or chance collision with the furniture. Not that there was all that much to blunder against, though, for the room was no more than a basic shell with basic fixtures: there was a bed, the soiled mound of off-white linen he had recently vacated, a free-standing wardrobe which he crept towards as if stalking it, a single upright chair and a narrow Formica-topped table. A naked bulb offered a weak light, the window was grimy and through its rain-streaked panes the grey morning seemed to scoff at him, as if to say ‘here we are, Billy, here’s another day come to trouble you’.
The room was a Spartan shelter, all Billy could afford, yet even this would soon be beyond his means, in fact already might be, with so much rent owing and no funds to cover it. There was the reason for his stealth, then, to avoid waking the landlady below; she was a large-boned, loud-mouthed Irish woman, and at the first sound of him stirring she would station herself at the foot of the stairs, the bulk of her body blocking the way, demanding settlement of the money she was due. He had to leave the house unseen and unheard, then. Even so, if he did escape unchallenged and unmolested, he could not hope to return to his room unless he had cash in hand; the woman would remain at her post all day and all night, if need be, and not let him pass unless the rent was paid. Though Billy might be poor in many respects, however, he was rich in optimism and felt that this day, more than any other, held prospects in store. 
It was just a pity that the sun wasn’t shining.
The contents of the closet gave an idea of just how dire Billy’s circumstances had become. He inched open the door a fraction at a time, straining on the rusted hinges to prevent them creaking, and regarded the clothes inside. There were just two suits and a single topcoat hanging there and all were smooth to the touch, the weave of the cloth worn thin, the nap of the fabric long lost. One suit, though, was in slightly better condition than the other, not quite as stained by drink or soiled by spillages, and it was in this that he decided he would conduct the day’s business; he took it from the rail, licking his fingers to brush at the lapels before hooking it over the door. The sweater and jeans he had slept in he hurriedly removed, the cold of the room biting at his chest as he began to pull on the clothes of the day, the cream shirt which had been pressed almost neat by the weight of the mattress on top of it, then the trousers and the jacket. In the splintered mirror which was fixed to the inside of the wardrobe door his pale skin shone, a translucent white darkened here and there by cold blue shadow. Though of average height his build was slight and the muscles about his arms and chest were wasted; there were concave surfaces where there should have been convexities, as if he was withdrawing in upon himself, muscles and all. It was a feeble joke, this, and during such icy winter months it was difficult to keep up the jolly pretence.
With his shirt fastened and the suit buttoned Billy looked a little more substantial, as though his sixty odd years amounted to something. The trousers sagged about the crotch and there were loose folds of skin, like a poorly tied cravat, at the open neck of his shirt, but the cut of the jacket was crisp, the cuffs not too frayed. The topcoat, a necessary item in view of the weather, added bulk to his shoulders, and his shoes, provided he shuffled slightly to hide the worn soles, were quite presentable enough. Yes, he thought, after studying himself in the mirror, he was the man to do business with, and he went confidently but quietly down the stairs.
The day was as grey as it had seemed from the window, it had been no trick of the unclean glass, and there was a fine drizzle falling, misting the street and covering the parked cars with a dull sheen. He hurried from view of his lodgings, head bowed and collar upturned, then slowed when he had rounded the corner. He considered walking into the city but the drizzle, though slight, was persistent enough to saturate his clothes. The bus, then? He deliberated, finger and thumb thoughtfully stroking his chin. He felt whiskers there, a prickly two day growth; he could have done with a shave, but that had not been possible, there was no wash-basin in his room and the bathroom was on the lower floor, next door to Mrs Molloy’s bedroom. The whiskers were grey, though, like a dusting on a piece of confectionery, and there was that much in their favour, that they would perhaps lend an air of dignity to his otherwise ordinary countenance. He hoped so, for dignity would be useful today, it would not do for him to seem too much in need of cash, and with this reminder that there would surely be some money coming his way he decided in favour of catching the bus.
He had a couple of minutes to wait, hunched against the rain, before a bus came along.
'You going into Liverpool city centre?' he asked the driver, as the doors sighed open for him.
'Where else?' said the driver, hands impatiently tapping the wheel, keen to be off.
'It says Penny Lane on the front.'
'It says ‘Mantunna Tea’ on the side but that don’t mean I sell the fucking stuff.'
Billy waited for a more civil reply. He had heard similar jokes many times before, sometimes spoken in good humour and other times, as now, with undisguised sarcasm.
'I’ve just come from Penny Lane,' the driver finally responded, eager to get on. 'Now I’ve got the bus pointed in the direction of town, so that’s where I’m going. So what about you, pal? You coming or not?'
Billy smiled and paid for his ticket, then climbed the stairs to the upper deck. It was a good start to the day. Bus drivers served the public and sometimes had to be reminded of the fact.
Settling himself, looking about him at the other passengers, he saw a young girl at the front of the bus, five foot and an inch or two, pale and thin in jeans and windcheater. He felt the irony in the word -‘windcheater’- as if the thin material of her jacket could actually cheat the elements on such a chilly day. Fingering a worn patch on her knee, the girl perched on the edge of her seat with her shoulders embracing her like a shroud, hunched forward almost eagerly, as if to beat the other passengers in the dash to their final destination. A plastic bag, the name on it scrubbed and faded, was clutched so tightly in her lap that she might have been holding a carrier bag of love songs. She looked out onto the gloomy morning ahead of her, searching for private visions, spent a few agitated moments striking a match against the flaking chromium trim of the seat beside her and then touched the light to the tip of her crumpled cigarette; at the same time something about her touched Billy’s heart, for she seemed to be in silent communion with his own sad life, offering no reason for her presence and asking for none in return. 
He watched her all the way into the city, along Kensington -not at all as grand as its London namesake- past the hospital which had somehow earned the name of Royal Liverpool Hospital, right by the University and the School of Tropical Medicine and then down to Lime Street.
When the bus slowed to pull up outside the railway station Billy followed the girl down the stairs to the lower deck, stood beside her and smiled down at her as they waited for the driver to edge the bus the final few yards to the stop. The girl’s only response to his attentions, which had perhaps not been as discreet as he thought, was to glare back with an adolescent disdain, then leap to the pavement and lose herself in the crowd.
Billy sighed. 
Twenty years ago today, thirty years ago or maybe more, and it would have been a different matter; then the girl would have been begging for attention, or her mother would have, rubbing her breasts against him as she sidled past, or twitching her thighs and shaking her hips for him to see. All those years ago -twenty, thirty, however many- women had wanted Billy Shears.
He walked forward, not remembering if it was the direction the girl had taken. About him it was a mad early morning in the city, vehicles roaring and people bustling; an elderly man crossed four lanes of rush hour traffic from Lime Street Station to St Georges Hall, oblivious to the danger and the cars which zipped past, swerving to the accompaniment of curses and burning brake pads; at another junction a little further on, where the road turned down to the river and the Pier Head, two youths ambled leisurely between as cars filtered, now fast now slow, from left and from right, and one of them stumbled over his own feet and sat arse down on the low bonnet of a flash sleek Jaguar. It could have been the weather, it could have been the phase of the moon or it could have been chance, pure and simple, which encouraged the recklessness of these people and brought it to Billy’s attention. A fine distinction it was to him, the line between sense and insanity, and a fever which was easily communicated; but then, he would smile philosophically, it was a senseless tragic world, with no rhyme nor reason nor cogent plot.
Billy avoided the traffic and the hubbub as best he could, suffered the madness of the morning as he went about his business, but by midday he grew weary, for the business he was engaged upon seemed to consist of apparently aimless wandering. His meanderings centred about the business district of the city, the only two stations at which he paused being the offices of the local newspaper and the local radio. He spent rather less time outside the ‘Liverpool Post and Echo’ than he did on the steps of ‘Radio City’, for the newspaper offices were situated close to the river and the sharp wind which blew along the Mersey from the Irish Sea whipped the fine drizzle into a flurry which stung his eyes. He could have entered either of these buildings, of course, and enquired after the man he sought; if the man was in neither then there might at least be someone who would know where he could be found. He lacked the confidence, though, despite being dressed in the finest that his wardrobe could supply; the reception areas of these places were too intimidating, altogether too plush an environment for the journalists who worked there. In a noisy smoke-filled bar, with a glass of whisky leaving amber coloured stains on his notepad, that was how Billy pictured a newspaperman. 
When twelve o’clock came he decided that a bar was where the man he sought would be, and still having a few pounds in his pocket courtesy of that same man he went along to the nearest pub. It was one of those places which remembered Liverpool’s past glories, when it had been a prosperous city and the second seaport of a vast British empire, a place which had once been grand but was no longer elegant, with too many plastic parts grafted onto it for it to retain any of the beauty which older drinkers like Billy remembered. It would do for the moment, though, since he rarely took in his surroundings these days, seeming to dwell more on things as they had been rather than things as they had become.
The woman behind the bar was blonde, dressed all in black as if making a conscious attempt at some morbid harmony, and she was young enough to be out of place among the predominantly middle-aged drinkers. Her only concession to colour was her lipstick, a dark red against the pale white skin; her eyes were clear and her fingernails natural, varnished but not painted, with a large ring on one hand sparkling like a weapon. She went about her work with a peaceful air, in serene contrast to the noise around her, and her beauty prompted no crude remarks from the customers, which surprised Billy, who always expected the worst of people when they had a drink or two inside them. While one hand held down a tap to pour out draught beer the other wound hair in a caress behind her ear, her head tilted, her hair long and heavy and of varied tones of blonde; he could imagine it tumbling like a fragrant curtain over thighs and faces and the things she might love and adore.
Ah, twenty years ago, Billy remembered, taking his drink from her and feeling her nails scratch his palm as she handed him his change; then the things she adored might have been his mouth, his groin, his cock. If only he had been able to catch her twenty years ago. Or was it really thirty years ago now? My, how time flies!
He moved to a small room adjoining the main bar, sitting by the open doorway so that he could see the barmaid when he chose to but spending much of the time with his head bowed, deep in thought. When she came into the room to collect empty glasses he caught stolen glimpses of her moving past in the light reflected from copper-topped tables, her hair burning like a halo as if her spirit was a shimmering thing. Pyrotechnic fantasies were kindled as he followed her back to the bar to buy another drink, but then were immediately doused and dampened as he saw her laughing, in congress with some other nameless face, her teeth surely too big to allow her mouth to close again on her laughter. She was tumbled from her exalted station, then, seen to be human and a part of every day, for Billy was forever handicapped by a search for the sublime which made all dreams unattainable and removed reality to one step beyond the compass of his imagination.
He decided against a second drink and quickly moved on.
The rain had stopped but the cold had become a few degrees harsher, frost would soon start creeping across the streets to make a mat of icy crochet patterns which would be treacherous underfoot. He turned up his collar, then thrust his hands deep into his pockets, felt the keys and cigarettes and matches in one, the used bus tickets and scraps of paper and miscellaneous trivia in the other. Billy’s pockets were becoming overcrowded, like grubby rooms crammed with illegal immigrants, and his fingers fought possessions for what space was available. He was almost tempted to jettison any superfluous junk, hating the feel of the trash against his fingers, but persuaded himself that each item might serve a purpose. 
And one day there might be so much rubbish that he would carry it about in a tattered carrier bag or two, or maybe in a rusted supermarket trolley, like some he saw on the streets of the city! 
The possibility worried Billy, but it did not encourage him to lighten his load.
The day was cold and getting colder, but he had to make his money last and for the moment he resisted the temptation to go into another bar. Mindlessly he threaded his way through the city streets, cursing them for being so many right angles, asking why there couldn’t be a few more arcs and curves, perhaps one or two acute angles if angles were really necessary. As it was the landscape was like a composition by Mondrian and he made a slow and painful progress.
A bus passed, stopped yards in front of him, and people spilled from it as though spat out, forcibly ejected. One young woman who strode towards him was cocooned in white fur, as though she had expected the change in the weather, her boots ringing heavily along the pavement, sending out such a clear piercing sound that it might have shattered icicles. Nice, he thought, covetous of the warm perfume she exuded as she passed him, and for moments after he tried to cling to it, as it might have clung to him in warmer weather, holding his breath and savouring the comfort it suggested; soon it was dissipated, though, diluted by the dismal mist of rain which had begun to fall once again.
He trudged along in rather worse humour, annoyed that he was being deprived of all consolation. With his hands in his pockets his shoulders were necessarily hunched, adding to the padded bulk of his overcoat, and occasionally he was jarred by people, or was guilty himself of barging into others. He felt no need to apologize, though; his pose was comfortable, with his head bowed and his chin tucked into his chest, and it could not be disturbed for something as trivial as offering a simple ‘mea culpa’.
Eventually the bitterness of the day and the aimlessness of his wanderings drove him back indoors, he took his ill humour into another bar and imagined it placed like a burden on the table before him, together with his drink. As if the load was too much to bear, the table swayed as it took the weight. Then two more glasses banged down, full pint glasses flanking his own half measure, rocking the table again and spewing beer across its surface.
He looked up to see two young men facing him. He recognized one, Dougie, but not the other.
'This is him, Mac,' said Dougie to his companion. 'Billy Shears. The man who knew the Beatles.'
Billy, detecting the note of sarcasm, ignored the comment. Of course he had known the Beatles, and he would often talk about those times, but only with people who enjoyed listening, people who could appreciate what he had passed by, who would laugh when he laughed but would also share the sadness of what might have been. There was never any sympathy from young Dougie, who was too hard to be compassionate, too proud of his bullying build to admit any such weakness.
'He’s the man, eh?' said the one named Mac. 'I must say, he doesn’t look like superstar material to me.'
'That was the problem; the wrong image, too old. Isn’t that right, Billy?'
Billy was forced to admit that this had been so.
'Much too old, if you ask me,' Mac decided, after considering Billy for a moment or two. 'Too old even to have liked the Beatles, let alone known them.'
'But I did,' said Billy, having to defend himself even if it meant being drawn into the conversation. 'Didn’t I, Dougie?'
'So you say,' Dougie smiled, as if to suggest that he had his doubts.
'I did, and played with them a couple of times. That was all, just the once or twice, but it’s something. You ask around, try Alan Williams or Bob Wooller, they’ll tell you. I played drums for them when they were stuck, it was over the river, New Brighton way. I could have done better than I did, if only I’d been younger and hadn’t had a job.'
Dougie laughed. 'Over-qualified, were you? You can’t be a superstar unless you’re out of work, is that it?'
The two young men grinned at each other, smirking in that way that is intended to hurt old men and their dreams. Regretting having spoken, Billy drained his glass and stood.
'No, Billy, don’t go,' said Dougie. 'Tell us some more.'
'Fuck off. You don’t want to listen, you just want to laugh.'
'Rubbish. Come on, have a drink with us.'
It was the offer of a free drink which persuaded Billy; pride was all very well, but there were times when it was a luxury which could be sacrificed. Dougie passed some money to his friend, who went to the bar and returned with three pints of Cain's bitter.
'Go on, Billy, tell us,' said Dougie. ‘Was Lennon really as nasty as people say?'
'He had a spark of genius, did John,' Billy replied, sipping at his beer, not answering the question directly but saying what he always did, as though his part was now so familiar. 'A wicked wit, but a spark of genius.'
'Which you were the first to recognize?'
'I wouldn't say that,' said Billy, this time missing the sarcasm, 'though I did sense it, the first time we met.'
'Where was that? The Cavern? The Blue Angel?'
Billy sniffed derisively at the mention of the names. 'You youngsters, you only know the places you’ve read about, the places the tourists visit that are part of history. They were dives, those places, but there were ones even less glamorous. No, the first time I came across John Lennon was in Litherland Town Hall.'
'Where?'
'Litherland?'
'North end of the city,' he told them, and they laughed with him as he told them of trips to Bootle and Garston and other pre-historic places, never touching on the glory of venues such as Shea Stadium or the Hollywood Bowl for he had missed out on those later times. They laughed with him, too, as he recalled reeling drunk from the door of the Jacaranda, not allowed in there with his bottle of cheap wine because the place was unlicensed in those days, and as he related arguing with George Harrison, who was still no more than a schoolboy at the time and too young to know what was what.
'He had to end up a fucking mystic,' said Billy, with a shake of the head. 'He was always the naive one, George.'
'He didn't have your experience of life? Is that what you’re saying?' asked Dougie.
'Right.'
'But you didn't have his luck,' Mac ventured, and they laughed again, Billy a little more sadly this time.
'You know what, Billy? You ought to write all this down, or get someone to do it for you. There’s still money to be made from the Beatles.'
Billy smiled.
'Really, I mean it,' said Dougie.
'Well, it just so happens…'
'He’s going to tell us he’s writing a fucking book!' said Mac scornfully.
'No, not exactly…'
'For fuck’s sake, everyone and his sister knows somebody who knew the Beatles!' Mac continued. 'Half this fucking city’s been writing a book about it at one time or another!'
Dougie gave his friend a dig in the ribs to silence him. 'Hush, let the man speak,' he said, then turned to Billy. 'You’ve got something lined up then, eh, Billy?'
Billy half inclined his head, as if reluctant to say too much. 'There’s a newspaper reporter I met last night.'
'He’s writing up your story, is he?'
'He bought me drinks while he pumped my brain. Slipped me five pounds before he left, too. I’m waiting to meet him now.'
'Hey,' said Dougie, with a bright sparkle in his eye. 'He wouldn’t be about my height, would he, wears a sports jacket and suede shoes?'
'Yes, that sounds like him.'
'And a card tucked in his hat-band that says ‘Press’?' asked Mac, facetiously.
'Stop pissing around,' Dougie told him. Another nudge to the ribs, no hint of amusement now, and he said, 'Don’t you remember the bloke we saw earlier, asking around the wine bar? It must have been him.'
'Where?' asked Billy excitedly, getting to his feet. 'Which wine bar?'
Dougie caught his arm before he could leave. 'Steady on, Billy, calm down. He left. Said he’d be back, though, at about half two. The wine bar on Lime Street, next to the railway station. You hang on here, Billy, you’ve got time to finish your drink.'
Billy nodded eagerly, said thanks for the information.
'That’s okay, that’s what friends are for,' Dougie replied, as he and Mac rose. 'We’ll see you again, Billy. Buy us a drink when you’ve made your fortune.'
As they crossed the room Billy saw them look over their shoulders at him, their smiles amused and slightly pitying, and again he regretted having joined in conversation with them. It was always the same, a little drink was enough encouragement and he would start to ramble on, dwelling on the silly insignificant memories of just one or two nights so many years ago. Annoyed that he had fallen victim again, been unable to hold his tongue, disgusted with himself because he knew it would not be the last time, he gulped at his drink and then set the glass down on the table. The table upset him, it dipped towards him on uneven legs and then bowed away when he picked up his glass; it seemed almost subservient and it annoyed him, for he thought that even a table should behave with more dignity, a little more pride. He tried the glass in different positions -to the left, to the right, fore and aft, over each of the legs in turn- but every time the stupid altar dipped and rolled and all but genuflected, bobbing crazily on its four uneven legs like a cork on an ocean. He cursed it -‘stupid fucking table!’- and slammed his glass down hard, telling it to be still. The table paid no heed, merely dipped meekly, dazzling with broken glass; the landlord heard, came across and suggested that Billy leave.
'It’s your idiot table,' said Billy, and pushed it gently to demonstrate.
'Why didn’t you put a beer mat under the leg?' the landlord asked, and Billy picked up the coaster his glass had been on, read the legend on it as he began to fold it in two; it was too late, though, the beer had been spilt and he was led to the door.
He had little money left now, just a few coins jangling among the other treasures in his pocket; he still had the promise of some cash to come, though, and too excited to wait until two-thirty he hurried along to the wine bar on Lime Street.
The cries and jeers came as soon as he walked through the door, he had been expected, Dougie and Mac and others bursting into raucous fits of laughter. There was one among the crowd who wore a sports jacket and suede shoes, carried in the band of his trilby -like the Mad Hatter- a grotesquely oversize card which read ‘Press’.
'It’s mean Mr Mustard!' Dougie called out, and they all laughed.
'The fool on the hill!'
'Sergeant Pepper himself!'
CHAPTER 2: LUCY

‘...I’ll get by with a little help from my friends...’

Seeing the lecherous look which the old man had given her, Lucy hurried from the bus stop. Even with the carrier bag clutched at her side she was slim and supple enough to squirm her way through the crowd without any difficulty. There was no need to jostle or shove, all that was needed was a twist of the hips and she slipped easily between the teeming surge of bodies, within seconds of stepping from the bus was hidden among the hubbub of people hurrying to work, her slight frame unseen and unnoticed by all but those people nearest her. She was only five foot two, her head barely reached the shoulders of the people who crowded about her, but five foot two was a happy size, and, at that particular moment, quite a useful height.
Looking behind her she could see no sign of him, the man from the bus who had stood so close beside her and smiled his leering smile; still she hurried on, though, through the station concourse for the safety afforded by the numbers there. In all probability he was harmless, the sort she classified as the ‘dirty old-’ type, his smile had been sickly enough to be lewd and the whiskers surrounding it suggested a person who had things other than personal hygiene on his mind. This was not what had disturbed her, though, she had dealt with the ‘dirty old-’ type before, and the ‘dirty young-’, neither held fears for her and were easily handled; if they offended her she knew where to hit to cause the greatest pain, and if they didn’t, if they weren’t too loathsome, well, they were always worth a giggle and a pound or two to spend on cigarettes or whatever. Why, not even uncle Robert had been immune to her charms. It was not the licentiousness of the smile that she was worried about, then. No, what had troubled her about the man on the bus was that he might know her or her parents. It seemed unlikely, now that she pictured him again, his face unshaven, his hair uncombed, his clothes obviously the best that he had but so ill-fitting that they had to have been tailored for somebody else; she doubted that he could have been a neighbour, nor even a passing acquaintance of the family, but today she was nervous and suspicious of everyone.
The falling rain refreshed her, pricked her cheeks and rinsed the sleep from her eyes; though she had risen early that morning she was only just beginning to come awake. She was not dressed for such weather, though, her jacket would offer little protection against the rain and her uncovered head would soon become a mass of lank dripping tresses. Reminding herself that she had to be presentable today, she experienced a fluttering in her stomach; no one would look forward to meeting a sodden waif of a creature, she had to be at her most attractive. She paused in a doorway, deliberated a moment and then rejoined the throng, weaving between the traffic which queued to enter the car park at the rear of the shopping precinct. It was almost nine and the shops were opening, vacuum cleaners wailing like sirens as the premises were readied for the first of the day’s customers. She strolled the sheltered halls of the precinct, warm and dry, looked in at windows but never entered; the shops were still empty and she did not want the attentions of two or three assistants forced upon her. She took the escalator to a lower floor, emerged into the open again and hurried across the road, her carrier bag held over her head to keep off the rain, ran from the precinct to the facing department store.
The five floors of the store offered plenty of diversion for her, unlike the smaller shops it already had its share of customers milling around the counters, early shoppers or people like herself, there simply to shelter from the rain. The girls in the cosmetics department, painted ladies with china-doll complexions, looked bored for the moment, having little to do. Like temptresses preparing to lure their prey many of them were making up their faces, freshening lipstick or blusher, darkening their eyes, using the same goods they were there to sell. Lucy thought of sampling their wares herself, with the morning so hurried she had had little time for make-up, but it would have seemed presumptuous to do so in the company of these more perfect females, even if, in their perfection, it might be argued that they lacked the natural warmth which she possessed. It would be good to look nice, though, especially today, so she thought she might return later, when the assistants were otherwise occupied and there could be no unfair comparisons made. For the moment she made do with the general fragrance of the place, inhaling deeply the cocktail of powders and perfumes which was such a heavy clinging mix that it seemed to cloud the air.
In the cleaner crisper atmosphere beyond these counters she paused among shelves of books, not going to the fiction or the picture books but to the reference section. Many of the volumes here were sealed in cellophane, but she found one, a heavy atlas, which had been left open for inspection, and she thumbed through it with an eager and unexpected interest. She found Liverpool, swollen like a growth on the face of the north west coast, then traced a finger from there, first to the east and then due south. She pictured the changing landscape in her mind, translating the inked-in areas of green and brown into more concrete images, skipping quickly past the drab grey masses of each city and town until she reached the largest, the capital: London. It sprawled across two full pages like a stain, but the promise it held for her was such that it seemed to be a brighter grey than the places she had passed, as if it throbbed and vibrated with its own particular life. This was her target, this was where she was heading, and she retraced the route to remind herself of the landscape; not that she would ever retrace the journey in person, though, for once she was gone she would be gone for good.
With her journey fixed firmly in her mind, as if she was to be her own guide, she replaced the atlas and moved on, up a floor to look at clothes she could ill afford, then up a floor again to look at television sets and music systems which she no longer had room for. The higher she went the pricier the goods became and the more mindful she was of what she was leaving behind, of what she had already left behind. On the fifth floor was a sofa exactly like the one at home, coffee-coloured fabric with plump cushions and low arms. The floor was silent, the quietest of the store’s departments, and the stillness drew her in upon herself, into a mood which might have been morose if it had not been for the expectancy with which she had greeted this particular day. Seated on the familiar settee, closing her mind to the unfamiliar surroundings, she might have been tempted to reappraise her life, for her previous sixteen years had all been centered around the home she now pictured so clearly. That would have been dangerous, though, to remember might have led to regret and an undermining of her determination; memories would have to wait until she was settled into a new life, so comfortably settled that she could remember fondly and not be troubled by remorse. The images which flashed through her mind were regarded objectively, therefore; the thick cream rug like a milky pool on the floor, the display cabinet with the best china, the writing bureau at which she had done her homework, all these things were now seen as the possessions of another, and behind closed lids she could picture a stranger, a girl of her age, entering the room and availing herself of its comforts.
'Hey! Come on girl! Wake up!'
She felt a foot tap hers and opened her eyes. A young man was standing before her, wearing a suit so uncomfortably smart that it seemed like a uniform.
'Come on,' he repeated, prodding her with a highly-polished toecap. 'No sleeping here.'
‘I wasn’t sleeping,’ she said, rising indignantly. The young man smiled, not believing her, and at any other time she would have argued her case forcefully. Not today, though, she could not afford to cause a scene and the less attention she attracted to herself the better. ‘We’ve got a sofa just like this at home,’ she said.
‘Go on, beat it,’ the man told her, and bent to brush imaginary specks from the covers of the sofa.
As Lucy walked away her hips shifted suggestively beneath the tight jeans. It was a habit she found difficult to break; she often caught herself retreating from her father in just such a manner, giving expression to her contempt after one of their many arguments, or approaching a man on the street in much the same way, though then her mood could be different in a variety of subtle ways. A twist of the hips could achieve so much, it was not simply a way of dodging the bodies on a crowded city street.
The wall at the far end of the floor was covered with clocks, of varied sizes and many styles, and each gave a different time; all they seemed to be able to agree on was that it was somewhere between ten and ten thirty. She took the switchback of escalators down to the ground floor, thought for a moment of fixing her face at one of the cosmetic counters but again decided against it; the encounter with the assistant in the furniture department had momentarily shaken her confidence.
The rush for work had now finished, all those with jobs to go to were now at their posts, and the people who were on the streets were moving at a more leisurely pace. If any had a purpose in mind then it lacked urgency, and the casual air of the morning calmed her, helped her move just as easily as the rest. Feeling the slight pangs of hunger which were a result of getting up so early she bought a Mars bar and ate it as she walked along. She had to swallow hard to force it down, its stodgy consistency was not really the most suitable thing to breakfast on, and she considered turning back, going to the shop for a can of Coke to wash it down. But no, she would wait, she would get a coffee at the arcade; a hot drink seemed more sensible, more in keeping with the nature of breakfast, and she had promised that she would be good to herself, as sensible as a girl should be on her own, almost as if she had made such reassurances to her mother -regular meals, clean underwear- before she left. Of course, no such promises had been made at all.
The drizzle was fine, barely noticeable, but she soon became aware of its cumulative effect, shivering involuntarily when a raindrop slid from her hair and down her neck. It was no longer wise to saunter so she lengthened her stride, not allowing her pace to slacken even when she turned right at the Adelphi hotel and felt the slight gradient of the hill tugging her back. Along a second turning, facing the side entrance of the railway station, was the ‘Las Vegas’ amusement arcade, its neon sign burning brightly though in the daylight hours it lacked its usual impact. She hurried along towards it, past the rank of hackney cabs, trotting the last few yards as though she had finally had enough of the rain.
Inside, as out, the place was ablaze with colour, machines with lights flashing and blinking even though for the moment there was no one playing them. At the foot of one, kneeling on the floor the better to get at its innards, Joe looked up, his bald head reflecting the semaphore signals of the lights above.
‘Morning Lucy. No school today?’
She told him that it was half term, which was true, then added that she was going to visit an aunt in the Lake District, which was a lie but a useful way of explaining the contents of the carrier bag she held.
‘Do you mind if I drop the bag in your cubby-hole until later?’ she asked, taking it to the sentry box on the far side of the room, from which Joe would later dispense change. She took out her purse, a small beaded pouch which held what little money she had, then tucked the bag beneath the counter. Buying a coffee from the vending machine, she sipped at the steaming black liquid as she walked back towards Joe.
‘Train?’ he asked, after she had stood at his side for a moment, watching him work.
‘What?’
‘Your aunt’s. You going there by train?’
‘Oh, no,’ she answered, following his gaze across to the railway station, then letting her eyes travel further up the hill to the coach station. ‘I’m getting a lift, going by bus.’
‘David's obliging you?’ Joe supposed, with a knowing grin, then said, ‘It’s just as well, really. It’s a shit of a journey by train. You get as far as Oxenholme and then you’ve got to wait ages for a connection.’ As he fiddled about inside the machine, he went on, ‘That’s if it’s Windermere direction where your aunt lives.’
‘Bowness,’ Lucy told him. It was the one place she knew, the one place in the Lake District she had visited. That had been with David.
Joe finished what he was doing, slammed the front of the machine shut and stood, wiping his hands on an oily rag.
‘Yes, you’re better off going by coach, far more convenient.’
There was that conspiratorial grin again, rather fetching if sometimes annoying; it always prompted Lucy to think of Joe as an avuncular figure, teasing but trusting.
‘David’s only giving me a lift, that’s all,’ she insisted, though they both knew that such favours had to be paid for somehow, in some way.
‘What time’s your coach?’
‘Just after one.’
Joe consulted the clock on the wall, the oldest yet most reliable piece of machinery in the place.
‘I suppose you’ll be hanging around here for the next couple of hours, then, and not spending a penny.’
‘I’ve got money,’ Lucy said, ‘but I’ll need that for spending while I’m away.’
‘And it doesn’t matter how much you’ve got, you can always use some more,’ he understood, and was sympathetic. ‘Try ‘Lucky Roulette’ over in the corner, before I get around to fixing it. The hold on it’s stuck.’
There were four melons in line on the machine he pointed out. Lucy switched it on at the wall socket and inserted a coin; the mechanism tumbled but the melons remained fixed in place and a fistful of tokens fell out, clattering noisily in the metal dish. A second and a third time the machine paid out.
‘Hey! Don’t get too greedy!’ Joe called out.
Lucy nodded, inserted one more coin, then scooped up the tokens.
‘Change them for me, will you?’ she said, taking the winnings across to his booth.
He counted out the tokens, then pushed ten back towards her.
‘You can at least spend those,’ he said. ‘But not on ‘Lucky Roulette’.’
She slipped the tokens into her pocket, dropped the cash he gave her into her purse. With what she had managed to bring with her she now had almost eighty pounds. It was not a lot to run away on, she knew, but then she had no traveling expenses to meet, which was a great saving, and once in London -what was there to do in the Lake District at that time of the year?- David knew of places where she could get fixed up; a job in any one of a number of hotels would pay food, lodgings and a small wage. Later, once the weather picked up and the holiday season started, she would move on, somewhere along the coast, Devon or Cornwall maybe. Really her eighty pounds need only last her a day and a night; by this time tomorrow she would be earning a wage.
She crossed to the window and looked out. There were a number of vehicles in the coach park -Arriva buses, National Express coaches, those belonging to private firms- but the single Redline coach was the one that interested her. This was David’s, she knew it well, she had travelled on it on a number of occasions. David was obliging that way, always ready to take her along with him, and he wasn’t as offensive as some of the men who groped her. She laughed to herself as she remembered the places where he had had his way with her. Bowness had been the first place, which was how come she knew it was in the Lake District, though she had seen little of the town and would have been hard pressed to describe it. Then there had been Blackpool illuminations, with the searchlight from the tower playing across them every other minute. And York racecourse. What a day that had been! Better than a quarter of a coach load of happy gamblers had had their way with her on that occasion, mainly petting though one or two had become more adventurous, on the back seat after dark. The tales the back seat of David’s coach could tell! And those men returning from the races had been so sweet; they had had a collection for her when they got back to Liverpool, handed over a fistful of money.
She could see someone moving about on the coach now, but it wasn’t David; perhaps it was a cleaner, giving it a final once-over. It would be another hour before David showed up. 
She turned from the window and used up some of the tokens on the machines, those which were for amusement only. She played the games frequently, came to the arcade often, and she spoke to the characters which danced about the screens, geeing them on, encouraging them in their manic tasks, actually conversing with them as though they were close friends. Quite often the world before her would slip in and out of focus, the simple graphics of the game and her faint reflection of her face in the screen shifting, one becoming superimposed on the other, then receding, so that ultimately neither was more real than the other. She sometimes felt that if she went to the toilets and looked at herself in the mirror she would find that her face had become a simple two color representation, dark and light but with no middle tones, or that in her glazed eyes shapes would dance with strobe-like staccato steps. Even now, as she looked, she could see in her eyes the diamond suns and cathode colors of an entrancing dream world, and it took an effort to convince herself that she was not as dreamy-eyed as she appeared, as divorced from common sense reality as she might have imagined.
Someone obviously thought that she was dreaming, though, for fingers snapped in her ear to shake her back to life.
‘You missed that one, Lucy.’
She looked at the glowing amorphous blob on the screen -one of her men disintegrating- and then at the broad grin of Dougie at her shoulder. Behind, also smiling, was his partner, Mac.
Lucy released the joystick, which flicked back into a neutral position, and the game disappeared in a bright burst of static interference, as if there had been a break in transmission, the kaleidoscopic patterns fading from her eyes and leaving an almost monochromatic reflection of herself on the blank screen. Then the programmed commercial began to flash across, tempting her to try again. She turned her back on it.
‘Out of sorts?’ asked Dougie, looking at the score she had made. ‘Or out of practice? I haven’t seen you around much lately.’
‘Oh, I’ve been around,’ she told him. ‘Off and on.’
‘In and out?’
‘Up and down?’
Dougie and Mac laughed along with each other as they followed her, down the aisle between the machines.
‘Lucy must be short of cash, I said to myself,’ Dougie continued, ‘that we haven’t seen her down here much. But then, I said, if she’s so short of cash then that’s all the more reason for her to come down here and make some, so perhaps she’s been naughty and been kept in the house, grounded, sent to bed without any supper.’
Lucy turned to face him. ‘Are you talking to me or just about me?’
Dougie smiled, his eyes sparkling brightly to highlight his fixed grin. He took money from his pocket and began to count it, asking, ‘Are you? Hard up?’
‘Not that hard up,’ she replied haughtily. ‘Stick your money where the sun don’t shine.’
She went to Joe’s booth, took a five pound note from her purse and asked him to change it. She didn’t want to spend the money, she could ill afford to squander it, but it was necessary to make some sort of gesture in the face of Dougie’s arrogance. She dropped coins into the nearest machine and promptly lost them.
Dougie and his friends thought of her as a tart, she knew, and she had had it confirmed from many sources that Dougie was a nasty piece of work. He had never been nasty with her, though, he had never been given the chance. The nine or ten years difference in their ages meant little to either of them, and for some time now she had been able to sense his eagerness to screw her. For his attentions, or for those of any other man, she was able to compete with women twice her age; she had charms, but she only exercised them when it suited her, never out of necessity but simply because she wanted to, sometimes for fun or sometimes for more practical benefits. In this respect she believed that Dougie’s assessment of her was inaccurate; a tart could never be so discriminating.
Tossing her hair over her shoulder, glad that the long auburn tresses were still glossy and had not been matted by the rain, she saw Dougie and Mac reflected in the machine she was playing. They were standing in the centre of the aisle, as if undecided as to what to do, Dougie casting occasional glances in her direction. She smiled to herself, aware of the effect she had; when the machine took the last ten pence of her change she turned cheerily to them.
‘You’re quiet, Dougie,' she remarked. ‘Out of sorts, are you? Or just out of practice?’
Mac saw the joke, the slight on his friend’s power to pull the girls, and her in particular; he laughed, but Dougie, though still smiling, was patently unamused and wandered away, dipping his fingers into the mouth of each machine he passed, pressing the reject buttons on the off-chance. He was really quite cute, especially when he came near to sulking, and that permanent smile of his was rather attractive. Lucy supposed that she would give in to him sooner or later, or might have done if she had not been going away. Maybe she would return someday, she thought, perhaps when he was married, and then set about seducing him. That would be fun.
The clock on the wall now showed a minute past twelve and she looked back to the coach park. The Redline coach was still there, and she could still make out the figure of someone on board, but there was no sign of David. She began to get anxious. He had told her to arrive early, so that she could be on the coach first, before there were any passengers to notice that she didn’t produce a ticket. With less than an hour before the coach was due to leave passengers would soon be arriving. She paced the arcade, not wasting any more money on the machines but returning time and time again to the window to look for signs of David.
‘Waiting for someone?’ Dougie asked, as she passed him, but she admitted nothing. If he learned the truth of the matter he would only make the waiting more unbearable, taunting and teasing her and persuading her that her plans were no more than a futile dream.
And as she waited, so she would make David wait; she vowed that she would repay him for the anxiety he was causing her. Of course she would have to offer something for the ride, she knew that, but any favours she returned she would offer slowly, gradually, making him beg for each.
The clock now showed fifteen minutes after twelve. He would surely arrive soon. She retrieved her bag from Joe, said goodbye to him and stationed herself at the door, her gaze fixed firmly on the coach. The figure she had seen moving up and down inside now descended and walked around the vehicle, kicking tires and peering beneath the body. He made a full circuit, then climbed back aboard and sat behind the wheel.
Lucy was momentarily confused. What was the man doing? Warming the seat for David? No, that was stupid. Checking the petrol tank was full, then? Only gradually did it occur to her that he must be taking the coach out in place of David. She should have guessed when she first saw him, he was dressed like a driver, not a cleaner, wore the customary black trousers and red jacket. She hesitated for a moment on the step of the arcade, then strode uncertainly across the road to the coach park, her carrier bag clutched tightly in her hand.
The door of the coach was open, awaiting passengers, and she looked up as the unfamiliar driver, feeling as small and insignificant as a child.
She cleared her throat to attract the man’s attention, then asked, ‘Isn’t David taking this coach out today?’
‘David?’ The driver shook his head. ‘He had to cry off at the last minute.’
Before panic could step in Lucy mounted the coach, as if to make conversation easier. A rapid rethinking of her plans was necessary.
‘Why’s that?’ she asked, now standing beside the new driver.
‘It’s his wife, she’s gone into labour.’
‘Oh…’
The bitch!
‘…that’s lovely for them.’
The driver nodded. ‘Their first baby, two weeks premature it looks like being. He wasn’t due to go on leave until next week.’
‘I hope everything goes alright for them,’ Lucy lied, her mind too frantic for the moment to be bothered with the curses she felt welling up inside her.
‘Yes, touch wood,’ the driver said, crossing his fingers and tapping them against the laminated instrument panel. ‘Do you know David, then? Did you want him for something special?’
Lucy nodded, to either question or to both, and set her bag down at her feet. There was a curved Perspex panel at the back of the driver, to segregate him from the body of the coach, and she leant casually against this, her arms folded so that her breasts lifted enticingly.
‘He’s a nice man, David.’
‘That he is,’ the driver agreed.
‘I often come to see him off when I’ve got the time, have a chat with him.’ She laughed, as if at a joke they frequently shared. ‘He’s always saying he’ll teach me how to drive this thing.’
‘You’ll need to put on a few pounds before you can manage something like this,’ the driver said. He was leaning forward, his forearms resting on the huge steering wheel, and his eyes took in the dials before him, then the pedals at his feet.
‘Yes, I will,’ she said. ‘I know what all those things are for, though.’
She pointed in turn at the speedometer and the oil pressure gauge and he laughingly corrected her deliberate mistakes, reversed the brake and clutch pedal which she cleverly confused. Her hand gently brushed his knee as she pointed to these, but she avoided looking into his eyes for any sign of a response.
‘And that one?’ she asked.
‘That’s the clock!’ he laughed.
Of course it was, she blushed, and she could see quite plainly that it was twelve-thirty, knew that passengers would be boarding soon. She leant forward, to look more closely at the pedals at the driver’s feet, holding her hair back from her face so that her profile could be seen.
‘I don’t suppose you’ve found an ear ring around here by any chance, have you?’ she asked.
‘You’ve lost one?’ 
She showed him her ear-lobe, the soft indentation where a stud had been until a minute ago.
‘The last time I was here, it was a week ago, so I don’t suppose…’ She sighed, resigned to her loss. ‘It won’t turn up now, will it?’
‘We can look,’ the driver said, lifting his feet and peering to either side, bending down to feel beneath the seat, but there was no trace of any ear ring. He brushed his hands clean. ‘Could it be anywhere else?’
‘At the back of the coach, perhaps?’
‘Come on then, there’s time to look before the passengers get here,’ he said, not questioning why she should have been at the rear of the coach. He was a pleasant cooperative man, older than David and rather more trusting. She followed him down the length of the coach. ‘All sorts of stuff can get stuck down here,’ he told her with an encouraging smile, forcing his fingers deep into the upholstery of the back seat.
‘I can’t get my hand in far enough,’ she told him, starting at the other end of the same seat.
‘Here, let me,’ he said, and she pressed against the window while he tried, his stronger fingers digging and probing. ‘There!’ he cried triumphantly, removing his hand to produce the small gold stud which she had slipped there. ‘See.’
‘I don’t believe it!’ said Lucy, and though not able to jump with joy, on account of the low headroom, her body seemed to burst with delight, her face aglow with beads of perspiration on her brow. She slumped on the seat, heavily as if exhausted, and inclined her head so as to replace the ear ring. ‘It’s a bit awkward,’ she told him. ‘Could you..?’
The driver took the stud between thumb and forefinger, finding it even more awkward to handle than she had, his knuckles grazing her bared neck. She was perspiring more freely now, her skin exuded the faint fragrance of shampoo and soap, an odour which was redolent of childhood but lacked its innocence. His hands touching her, then her hands touching his, made him think of his daughter at first; Lucy could see in his eyes a strong paternal need to hug and be hugged. She could also see that there was the worry of other emotions.
‘Come on,’ she whispered in his ear, clasping his hands. ‘It won’t hurt, it’s not sinful, I shan’t bite unless you want me to.’
As she sprawled back on the seat he was pulled down with her, his hands encouraged to touch her waist, the stomach soft but firm beneath the thin tee shirt; his lips pressed against her neck where previously his fingers had grazed.
‘David’s alright, but you’re much nicer,’ she said, feeling his hands climb her rib cage, kinder than David’s, not as calloused as a coach driver’s usually are. She would thank the man again, she decided, when the journey was over. ‘He often gives me a ride, you know, he was going to take me with him today.’
The man was smiling now, not grimacing with exertion as David often did but smiling kindly, his trousers open and bunched about his thighs. She raised her buttocks to help him tug her jeans aside, then held him to her, murmuring words of encouragement which were interspersed with her own urgent pleas for help, for favours to be returned, her voice becoming gentler as he quickly became hard inside her.
‘There, you will take me with you, won’t you?’
He kept his face pressed against her cheek, breathing deeply.
‘Won’t you?’ she asked again, her fingers stroking his neck and shoulders, urging him to answer. ‘Please, it’s important, I really have to get away,’ she said.
CHAPTER 3: ROBERT McANDREWS

‘...look for the girl with the sun in her eyes and she’s gone...’

That had been Lucy, Robert McAndrews thought, he was sure it had been her, but for the moment he was unable to give chase.
‘Shift yourself!’ he shouted, at the youth who had draped himself so ingloriously over the bonnet of his car. The lad wore heavy boots and had a studded leather belt slung low over his hips; there was no telling what damage he might do to the paintwork of the Jag if he sprawled about its bonnet much more. ‘Go on! Shift!’ he said.
‘Fuck you! Fucking yuppie!’ the youth responded, sticking up two fingers as he got to his feet, and sauntered arrogantly across the road, looking threateningly over his shoulders every couple of steps.
‘Little bastard,’ Robert grumbled, his gaze following the youth to the far pavement.
He looked back, then, to the other side of the road, but before he had time to scan the crowds who milled about the pavement the traffic ahead of him cleared and some motorists behind sounded their horns impatiently, urging him to move.
Suddenly indecisive, Robert put the car into gear and switched lanes, veering from his intended route, breaking from the usual journey which would have taken him into the office; he turned left onto Lime Street, then filtered left again to climb the hill by the side of the railway station. The sudden braking of the car when the young lad sat down on the bonnet had rattled him, he felt his cheeks burning with an impotent rage and he was tempted to park the car and chase the lout, give him a good hiding for the cheek he had shown.
It was not the lad sitting on the bonnet of the car who had distracted him, though, but the young girl he had seen alighting from the bus. It had been his niece, he was sure, the tattered jeans and the scruffy windcheater were hers, and the disdainful toss of the head as she passed people; she was an arrogant young madam, Lucy, with her own particular manner. The other youngster had plumped himself down on the car bonnet before Robert had had a chance to identify the girl with any certainty, though, and now she was lost in the crowd.
Turning left, and then left again, brought Robert back to where he had started.
Where next?
Right, towards work, the way he should originally have taken?
He had no need to pause at the lights, they changed to green as he approached and he cruised straight across. He drove slowly, searching the crowds to either side, and someone in a rusted saloon overtook on his left, casting him a smug sidelong glance as if to say ‘there you are, in your flash car, being passed by the likes of me’.
People were so petty and stupid.
For all the seeming prosperity that ownership of a Jaguar suggested, Robert McAndrews was a dissatisfied man, and in his present mood he found nothing more annoying than people and their ways. Never mind that in his work he came into contact with them a great deal, that at times he had to coax and cajole them rather than simply exercise his authority; never mind that he could flatter with the best when need be; basically he saw people as petty and stupid.
What did it matter what car a person drove? What did it matter who reached the next set of lights first? He only drove a Jaguar so as to keep up the appearances which he expected of his staff; he would have been quite happy driving an old banger, but the people he dealt with in his work demanded some show -of himself and his staff- some demonstration of chic. As he had argued with that fuddy-duddy Kite, when the old chap had clung so dearly to his ageing Ford: ‘How would one of our landlords feel, if the man entrusted with redesigning his pub turned up in a car more suited to the profession of clergyman? We are designers, we set standards and we have to demonstrate taste.’
So poor old Kite was persuaded, and McAndrews was made to feel guilty.
Of course he could sympathize, he could understand Kite’s feelings, but standards had to be maintained and appearances upheld. People expected a show.
He turned right at the junction after the one he should have taken, found himself in Ranelagh Street, flanked by stores and snagged by traffic again. The cars edged forward slowly, then they were held by the blinking lights of a pedestrian crossing. To his left, behind a huge screen of plate glass, a window dresser was at work, draping mannequins and decorating the display, all with impeccably good taste. Styles changed, fashions came full circle, but people were conned into thinking that everything was new. He was as culpable of the sin as anyone else; it paid his salary.
The lights changed, the bright red figure of a man telling the pedestrians to wait, but Robert kept on the handbrake, seeing one young child dart from the pavement. The child’s mother followed, caught the little boy by the scruff of the neck and dragged him across the road to give him a beating. That was how relieved she was that her son had not been killed; she was so happy to have him unharmed that she was ready to thrash him to within an inch of his life.
Of course children were a trial; he appreciated this, though he had none of his own. Lucy, his niece, his sister’s daughter, was a constant source of aggravation to her parents. So why was he wasting his time cruising the streets looking for her, time that would have more profitably been spent at work?
Because…
No, he was about to say that it was because her parents did not care about her, but this was not quite true. It was, rather, that they were a little too indulgent towards her, as if not noticing how recalcitrant she had become. Brother-in-law Tom, to give him his due, did occasionally complain about Lucy’s attitude, about her performance at school or her demeanour at home, but he had never been a forceful enough man and he would invariably succumb to Theresa’s wishes, wanting a quiet life, agreeing with her that their daughter was no more unruly and out of hand than any other teenager.
Robert had passed two department stores and was turning the corner at a third when he thought he saw Lucy entering the building. He blasted on the horn but the only people to react were startled shoppers who looked accusingly at him, as if his only intention had been to draw attention to the car he drove.
He saw a vacant parking space, pulled in, dropped a coin into the meter and then walked back to the department store. There was a fine drizzle falling and he had no umbrella, had not thought that he would need one; the day was to have been spent in the office, there was work to be done and he had to make himself available for the party to celebrate Kite’s retirement.
On the ground floor of the store the cosmetics girls -or cosmetic girls, as much a product of fashion as anything else in the modern world- were readying themselves for the day’s work; the one or two who were ready, and felt prepared to accost the public, leant enticingly forward as he passed, straining their arms towards him, their fragrant wrists bent to offer him samples of perfumes and colognes.
Why him? he wondered. Was he to buy perfume from one of the girls and hand it straight back to her as a gift? He had no one else to buy for; and if, as was said, wealth was an aphrodisiac, would fifty pounds spent on perfume for one of the girls persuade her into bed with him?
The idea repulsed him, he could imagine a painted face smeared across his pillow like the face of Christ imprinted on the cloth which Veronica had held, and walked directly past. Faces, veneers, lies painted like masks to disguise the truth; the whole world seemed a fabrication, its inhabitants no more than marionettes acting out some futile drama.
These thoughts were with Robert as he covered the five floors of the store, searching for his niece, and they gradually began to eat away at his temper. Why could he not give up and go into work? His mood would mellow there, he would be able to contain his annoyance. He did not know why it should be so, but at work his mood was always calm and equable, in the office he was good-natured and jovial. Perhaps it was that he cherished the affection such a manner encouraged, perhaps it was that he was reluctant to inflict his ill humour on the people who worked beneath him. Whatever the reason, he knew that once he was in work his temper would improve; whatever the reason, he put off the moment when he would make his way to the office.
He reached the uppermost floor of the store, saw no sign of Lucy, saw only the tacky furnishings which were this season’s fashions, fashions which were popular because they were the styles which he and his colleagues had already inflicted upon a gullible public. What people saw in Robert’s tastefully decorated bars and restaurants they would come to want in their own homes. As if a home should be like a restaurant! And then, once tastes were changed and the money spent, Robert and his cohorts would encourage people to spend yet again by decreeing that one style was out and another new era was about to dawn.
He descended a floor and went into the coffee lounge. It was decorated as he had decorated the company’s premises some five years ago; the seating was uncomfortable, the fake marble top of the table made the cup rattle noisily in the saucer when he set it down and the sight of the chocolate coloured flakes on the frothy surface of his drink made him nauseous.
He smoked a slim panatela, too early in the day but necessary to kill the taste of the coffee, looked around as if in bewilderment and saw a woman at another table smile in his direction.
Now there was a thing to do, he thought, to take a morning off and visit places such as this where bored housewives came to alleviate the tedium between the endless rounds of shopping, rich and unimaginative women who had nothing better to do than sit there and stare at a man. He left his drink unfinished and walked from the coffee lounge without giving the woman -another man’s wife, after all- a second glance.
Why the hell bother looking for Lucy? It was not that he cared for his sister, or for the problems she and her husband might have in containing their rebellious daughter. It was not that he cared for Lucy herself or was attracted by the way her hips twitched so insultingly, as if her loins were spitting with disdain at every man she passed.
‘Sir..?’
He stopped and turned. He had reached the ground floor and was again passing the cosmetics counters, looked over his shoulder and saw a woman who had cleverly disguised herself as a girl years younger than her actual age.
She was offering him a bottle of eau-de-cologne, had her finger poised over the gold lacquered cap as she said, ‘Would Sir like to sample?’
‘I’m sure it’s not my fragrance,’ he smiled, in a weak attempt at a joke, wanting to be away.
‘Your wife, perhaps?’ the assistant suggested, her smile more fetching than the one he had forced.
‘I’m a bachelor.’
‘Your girlfriend, then?’
‘There isn’t one.’
Why on earth was he telling her all this? It had nothing to do with her.
‘So perhaps there’s an especially attractive sister, then?’
‘No, there isn’t,’ he said, thinking of Theresa, old before her time because of her wayward daughter.
The woman caught his hand and pulled it towards her, her was sure he felt his clenched knuckles brush against her breast as she twisted his hand around and sprayed his wrist with a brief burst of perfume.
‘Thirty seven pounds,’ she said, raising his hand to her face and inhaling. ‘And it is lovely,’ she promised, holding his hand there, so close to her full red lips, before offering it for him to smell. ‘Don’t you think so?’
‘Very nice,’ he said uncomfortably, his hand starting to sweat in hers.
Was she never going to let go of him? The ‘handshake’ seemed to be lasting forever.
‘So?’ said the woman, now positively crooning. He could feel her breath on his fingers, she was almost salivating over them; he was sure he felt her give them a gentle squeeze.
‘No, I don’t think so,’ he said, squirming free of her grip.
‘No?’
‘No!’ he told her irritably. Then, a little more gently, he said, ‘Actually I’m looking for a girl.’
‘Yes?’
‘A rather younger girl.’
‘Well!’

CHAPTER 4: DOUGIE

‘...I have to admit it’s getting better,
a little better all the time...’

Thinking of the old drunkard, Billy Shears, and then of that young tart Lucy, remembering the amusement they had both afforded him, Dougie felt a broad smile crease his face. Not that the impish grin ever left him, it was always there, an ever present curl to the corners of the mouth and laughter lines etched about his eyes. What had once been an endearing trait in a young boy, however, now took on a disturbing aspect; the permanent state of amusement was an unsettling thing for it seemed, even to the parents who loved him, that not only was he capable of smiling in the face of adversity but also in the presence of suffering; indeed, his parents feared that their son found a positive delight in the misfortunes of others.
As a child, the rosy glow to Dougie’s cheeks and the eyes which were always narrowed to joyous creases were repeatedly commented upon. He was such a happy child, so good humoured, and that good humour never seemed to wane; even when he cried it was difficult to tell if the tears were caused by discomfort or dissatisfaction or were rather the result of some happy hysteria. In concentration, in constipation or in pain the child’s face always wore the same expression, as though his features were fixed and immobile; heaving at his bowels, biting on a toothache, lost in rapt attention as he played with a favourite toy, his face would remain the same, a healthy pink, his eyes clear and sparkling, his whole countenance bursting with an inexplicable joy. That smile had been there at the funeral of his grandfather, who he had idolized to such a degree that the family had fretted as much over his reaction as they had over the passing away of the old man; it had been there whenever he attended other funerals in his capacity as an altar boy, and had been instrumental in his services later being restricted to nuptials and other more joyous occasions; it had been there whenever there was an accident to be witnessed, in the playground or elsewhere, no matter how tragic.
Still the smile played across Dougie’s lips, he had not outgrown it after twenty five years; it was filled with as much delight today as at any time in the past, though any effect on the alignment of his features might have been so subtle as to pass unnoticed.
The look on the face of that silly piss-artist, Billy, the crestfallen expression when he walked into the wine bar! It had been worth every penny, all the money invested the previous night, the five pounds he had given to George to pass on to Billy, the money needed for the booze to soften him up. It might have seemed an expensive prank to anyone else, but Dougie believed that if a thing was worth doing at all then it was worth doing well, and the whole operation had been planned with a military precision, as carefully plotted as a television drama. Again, as if justice was his to mete out, he felt that Billy had got no more than he deserved; there was altogether too much talk from him of the Beatles and the Merseybeat and the glories of the man's sad past. It was just as Mac had said, everybody knew somebody who had known the Beatles; the stinking city was full of people with memories.
Dougie had no use for memories, they made a man melancholy and sapped him of purpose, led to him wallowing in what might have been. Dougie wasn’t even interested in what might be to come, let alone in what had already passed; he was all for the here and now. If anticipation ever affected him, then its range was limited, it might encompass a few hours, twenty four at most, but seldom longer. The previous night, for example, while plotting the comeuppance of Billy Shears, he had looked forward to today and the denouement of the plot. Now, with that over, he looked forward to the evening and what that held in store. Any grander or more ambitious expectations were useless, a waste of imagination and certain to bring only disappointment.
He could still recall quite vividly his last great dream, the last occasion he had been fooled by promise, and the disappointment which this had led to. He had wanted a motorcycle and repeatedly made his wishes known, voicing them as early as the September of that year in the hope that the message would get through to his parents by Christmas. They were not a wealthy family but they were comfortable, both his father and mother worked and he felt sure that between them they could easily afford the credit terms. He persisted, stubbornly, with great hope of success, and when Christmas was only a fortnight away it seemed that his persistence had been rewarded. Searching through his parents’ bedroom, as he always did at that time of year on the off-chance of discovering any surprises that they might have for him, he came across a small packet, no larger than the palm of his hand. Though it was sealed with Sellotape, the paper was thin, and by pressing it flat against whatever was inside he was able to make out the embossed legend: ‘Motorcyclist’s Diary’. They had done it! They had bought him a bike! That remaining fortnight passed with an agonizing slowness and on countless occasions he pictured the events of Christmas morning, running through them in his mind in just the same way that he had anticipated how the drama with Billy would unfold. He would enter the living room, kiss his mother and open his presents, among them the diary. After polite thanks, and a suitably teasing pause, his parents would exchange wicked smiles, tell him to look outside, and there it would be -‘Surprise! Surprise!’- his gleaming new motorcycle parked outside the house. He played his part on the day, containing his excitement and ready to fake surprise, but the surprise never materialised; there was no motorcycle, only the diary which was a poor substitute, and the tragic thing was that his parents never even noticed his disappointment. And why not? Because that stupid grin had remained fixed on his face the whole bloody time!
That had been the last time. He could never wipe the grin from his face, but he could be done with anticipation and with that dreadful deflation which accompanied the futile hopes. Furthermore, since it seemed that the smile was fixed, he was determined to justify its presence; if it was not expectation and optimism which creased his features, then he would find another excuse.
Dougie had always seen himself as a bucko, a jack-the-lad, and he developed the build to support the role, close on fourteen stone and a fraction over six feet, muscular enough to deter all but the bravest from contradicting the image he had of himself. His features, enhanced by the permanent grin, were by no means unattractive; handsome, he insisted, and of course there were few people rash enough to disagree. Though he was invariably out of work he always managed to scrape together enough money, by fair means or foul, to live comfortably and dress well. Even his enemies -of which there had to be a few, if only they were courageous enough to be open about their feelings- even those who might be chilled by the sight of him, had to admit that he was attractive to women, that his success with the opposite sex did not always depend upon bullying and intimidation. Dougie’s approach to women was governed by the rule of the three f's -find em, fuck em, forget em- and rarely did he have any difficulty with any of the steps of the code. Only occasionally, perhaps, did the second pose a problem, but if his subtle devious manner should fail him there were always other ways of getting a woman on her back, there was no measure he baulked at, no matter how extreme. Cruelty was helpful at times, some women were quite turned on by it.
His thoughts turned to the young girl, Lucy. With her, he knew, there would be little point in exercising this cruel aspect of his nature, for it was no longer the cruelty of the school yard, that cruelty which all schoolchildren were acquainted with, but had become something more subtle. As a child he had known the more basic manifestations of cruelty, he had found a sadistic pleasure in the misfortunes of others, often contriving to compound them, but it had never been anything more than a simple pleasure for him. It was not until his late teens that he had become aware of more refined applications and realised that not all women wanted romance and consideration, that some actually found great delight in being treated with cruelty and contempt. Such women, he learned from experience, were invariably older women, and he came to equate their fondness for abuse with a degree of sophistication. Lucy, and other girls her age, lacked this sophistication, they were still young enough to believe in true love, even though they might be prepared to sleep around a little while waiting for this ultimate goal. With them it was necessary to be entertaining at least, if being compassionate was too much to ask, to make them chuckle with delight from time to time if not actually make them smile with fulfilment. Do that much for a girl, make her laugh, and you had her; it was when you let slip the cheerful mask that she would often scoot; it was as if teenage girls were not yet ready to accept that life had its unhappy aspect, that life could not always be peaches and cream. It was naive of them, as naive as his own dream that he might have got a motorcycle for Christmas. No, it was more than naive, it was downright adolescent. He had seen in Lucy’s eyes that very same gleam which had brightened his own, that multi-coloured hue which seemed to make everything sparkle with a diamond brightness, suggesting that even commonplace objects were filled more with promise than with substance. Lucy was expectant, he had sensed that in the arcade, obviously not hoping for a gift of a motorcycle but so patently hoping for something, perhaps for a change of luck or a kiss that was sincere, perhaps for a man who would caress her rather than one who would just grope about for his own gratification. And, just as surely, he had seen that she would be disappointed. Life never just came along and kissed you lovingly on the mouth; there was never any sharing, only taking.
As Dougie strolled about the city, filling in the time between the last bar and the next, there was a swagger in his stride which said that he was prepared to rape life in order to get what he wanted. His fixed smile worried some and attracted others, it seemed both compassionate and contemptuous in the same glance; those ready to be persuaded that there was compassion in his smile, the older women, might also have sensed the contempt, but they were still attracted; the remainder saw only something which they mistrusted and they avoided meeting his gaze.
He sneered when one middle-aged man looked timidly away, then laughed out loud, a few paces on, when a woman who might have been the man’s wife raised her eyebrows in such a suggestive manner that she might have been accused of overacting. She was an elegant attractive woman, he liked the way the heels of her boots clicked confidently on the ground, liked the way her long brown skirt, obviously expensive, brushed her calves.
‘I think you’re giving me the come-on,’ he said accusingly as he passed her, pouting his lips, lifting his head and swaggering on. Though he was past her too quickly to study her face for a reaction, the rebuff he thought he had dealt her delighted him just as much as the disappointment he had visited upon Billy Shears. The cruellest thing, he thought, was to snub advances made to him, to deny his favours to all those who showed a real need for them. That, he now realized, was perhaps why he had bothered with the traffic warden.
A traffic warden, for God’s sake! A fucking meter maid!
Now Dougie was not kinky, black stockings and a uniform did nothing for him, and at any other time he might have shied away from the woman. He had done so in the past, could recall a party, the year before last, when he had met a stunning girl, her blonde hair so long that he still maintained that it contravened police regulations. Once he found out what she did, what she was, he had showed her where to get off, had taken her back to her flat and screwed the blue-serge knickers off her before leaving her in tears. Imagine, a member of the police force crying so easily.
Rita, though, his traffic warden, now she was a little different. She had been putting a ticket on a Rolls parked outside Radio City when he first saw her. The car probably belonged to some visiting celebrity, someone who could well afford the fine, but Dougie had gone into an act, pleaded with her, said in his best fake American accent, ‘Hang on a minute, honey, the keys are here somewhere.’ 
And frantically he patted his pockets as if to search for them.
‘Your car, is it?’ she asked him, as he slapped himself silly, clapping his hands to this pocket and that, to his tight jeans and his wrinkled leather jacket.
‘Well, I have to be honest,’ he smiled, letting the accent slip.
‘I thought so,’ she said, slipping a ticket into its waterproof envelope.
‘It’s my Dad’s!’ he laughed.
She returned his smile as she fixed the ticket to the windscreen, then settled her bag on her shoulder and moved on.
The smile attracted Dougie, it showed that she had a sense of humour at least, and he followed her, flashing his own broad grin. He cracked the usual tired jokes about her profession, the ones that often rankled other wardens, but she greeted them all with patience, smiling intermittently as if out of politeness and not once being distracted from her work, never losing her temper. She had seemed plain at first, perhaps because her uniform had drawn his attention away from her face, but with each brief smile she grew a little prettier. The cap she wore looked silly, perched on top of her thick luxurious curls, but it was tilted slightly forward, casting a dark seductive shadow across her eyes, and her glossed red lips were starkly contrasted by the sombre colour of her uniform. Anyone else passing this woman on the street would have seen nothing more than a traffic warden, a working woman, but he, believing himself to be a connoisseur, could see the beauty beneath.
He turned on the charm, forsaking the jokes, but was surprised to find the response unaltered; she smiled, still politely, she never ignored him nor showed signs of growing weary of his persistent attentions, but never once did she hint that she was about to succumb to the charm he exercised.
When all efforts failed he went off in a huff, but her memory stayed with him.
Five days later he saw her again about her duties, slapping another ticket on another car. He made no tedious jokes this time, but greeted her more formally, not so familiarly as to claim close friendship but in a relaxed enough mood to acknowledge that they had already met. Her response was a little more encouraging, there was rather more conversation from her and she was not quite so stiff with the strain of being polite. It was an improvement. Nonetheless, it still took a few more 'chance' encounters before she would agree to accompany him anywhere other than on her tour of duty. Then it was the late afternoon of her payday, she was going for something to eat and he was welcome to join her. Would you credit it! On the one day he barely had a penny in his pocket, certainly not enough to pay for dinner for the two of them!
That was the first time a woman had ever managed to worry him. He dithered about, trying to think of an excuse, wondering if he should make one, torn between wanting to go with her and wanting to creep away. So what did she do? As if realizing, by some divine means, why he faltered and hesitated, she paid for them both. More, she was so entertaining during the meal that the suggestion might have been that it was she who was wining and dining him; she placed her money for the meal so cockily onto the table that she might not only have bought the food, but bought him as well.
Rather than be ashamed at accepting the favour, however, Dougie immediately saw how it could be turned to his advantage. First of all he was able to reciprocate, it was an excuse to see her again, and this he did that same weekend, having got together some money by one means or another. Also, the relationship had started off with an honesty which was unusual in his dealings with women, Rita came to understand when he was short of money, she appreciated that it could happen to anyone and she would help him out, there was no need for him to spin his customary lies. She was lucky to be working, she said, and it could be nothing more than bad luck that he was not.
It was some time before he realised that Rita was making an honest man of him -or perhaps, more accurately, persuading him to be a little less dishonest- but when this realisation came it did not startle him, it did not chase him screaming from her company as it might have done in the past. What the hell, it was fun and she was fun, life seemed to improve because of her, as though a touch of honesty brought its own reward.
Just thinking about her made the day brighter, and he called out to one of the flower sellers outside Central Station, ‘Hey, Stevie! Save a bunch of those for me, eh?’
He pointed to a bucket which was brimming with blooms, not knowing precisely what they were.
‘Flowers for you?’ said the man, who knew him well. ‘What’re you up to, Dougie, buying flowers?’
‘Who said anything about buying?’ Dougie laughed. ‘Just set a bunch to one side. I’ll be back later.’
He strolled on jauntily. There were quite a few people he knew around this part of the city, street traders and touts and the like, people grubbing a living as best they could, just as he did. Their waves and salutation cheered him, just as the applause of the audience encouraged an actor, for though he was not so deep as to demand a purpose in life he did see the acknowledgement of others as a reason for its continuation.
‘To be is to be noticed’ was how someone once expressed the creed for him. He didn’t know about that, but he did feel that if no one knew you were there the argument could be made that maybe you weren’t; he believed in what could be seen, and if no one saw him, well, work it out. It was just like at school, there were some kids at the top, answering all the questions, and there were some kids at the bottom, forever getting into trouble; the teachers knew the names of all these, the good ones and the bad ones, but there was a whole bunch of others, the rest, those whose reputations were neither shining nor tarnished, and they might just as well have been cardboard cutouts filling the bulk of the seats, they were nonentities and their presence was hardly even noticed.
Dougie, needless to say, had been one of the baddies, he had made his presence felt on the very first day at each school he attended. No one could fail to notice him. They had been good days, not the best days of his life as some people claimed but enjoyable for the most part. He had been determined that they would be. The way he looked at it he was there until he was sixteen whether he liked it or not, so he might as well make the best of a bad deal. There had been some who had wished their lives away, from fifteen or fourteen or even thirteen years of age they had made a great deal of fuss about how much they hated school and how desperately they wanted to get away. It was futile, Dougie knew, there was no way they could get out before their time was up, yet they fought, rebelled and found themselves in trouble all the time. Dougie, too, got into trouble, but not as frequently as some, for he was clever enough, in a non-academic way, to be able to shift most of the blame for his misdoings onto the more obvious rebels. His name was known, then, as one of the less perfect pupils, but he was suffered because of the lack of evidence against him which, had it ever materialised, might have led to a speedy expulsion.
Naturally enough, such an attitude meant that he left school with no worthwhile qualifications. The smart guys got their ‘O’ levels and ‘A’ levels and went on to college; even the worst of the bunch ended up with something, even if it was only the skills which came from a borstal training, but he had nothing. This was no handicap, though, for the one thing he did have was guile, and this was even more useful than any paper qualifications, as he was about to prove.
The jewellers he was looking for was in a cobbled side street. The street was narrow, the buildings were tall and the sky was a thin ribbon of grey, serrated at the edges by the ancient uneven gutters. It was the sort of place you stumbled upon by accident, even if you had lived in the city all your life and thought you knew it inside out, or only rediscovered at the second or third attempt, after much doubling back and retracing of steps. He had visited the shop the week before, on the pretext of valuing a bracelet he had chanced upon. He knew that he had not paid over the odds for the item, he could tell by weighing it in his palm just how much it was worth; on such transactions, where the vendor was anxious to sell and he would seem reluctant to buy, he was always guaranteed a profit. The bracelet had been an excuse to enter the shop, though, to fake ignorance and to ask if it was worth insuring, and to see what the place had to offer by way of opportunities.
The proprietor was an old man, he tended the shop alone, and most of his goods were second-hand, heavy gold, no delicacy about them but of obvious quality. The old man’s head was polished like a semi-precious stone and his right eye was closed and creased through frequent inspection of his treasures. Take that glass from his eye -with difficulty, since it was so deeply screwed in- and the man would be half blind, unable to focus on anything beyond arm’s reach. Dougie had smiled continually, even more radiantly than usual, on that first visit to the shop, and though the old man had mistaken the smile for good humour it would not have taken much insight, from a more perceptive person, to recognize the reason behind it.
Yes, Dougie had guile, guile aplenty, enough and more to outwit such a senile old man.

CHAPTER 5: MRS HENDERSON

‘...I’m fixing a hole where the rain gets in,
and stops my mind from wandering,
where it will go...’

What had that young man meant, accusing her of giving him the come-on? What did he have in mind? Had he recognized some sort of come-hither glance? Anne had only looked at him briefly as he approached, then turned quickly away when she saw that his gaze was more threatening than her own. Had there been anything at all suggestive about the way that she looked, about the way she carried herself as she strode from the station? Was her manner so obvious and her intent so plain that even some cocky young scallywag could see through her plans? Troubled by the encounter she thought of turning and running, catching the train back home; picturing home, though, she thought of the painting in the sitting room and of all that it signified for her.
The painting was on the wall facing the window. It was an original, an unframed canvas but so professionally prepared, the cotton-duck expertly stretched and sized, that it had no need of gold leaf scrolls or other embellishments about its border; a painting of such size, five feet square, looked better without a frame, clean and simple and precise. The paint was acrylic, not oil, and had a pleasing matt finish, the colours seemed to absorb the light and so become enhanced. Broad vertical bands of umber and sienna filled most of the canvas, but to the right, positioned in accord with the Golden Section, was a narrower darker band. Here the light appeared to be reflected, as if only this area was varnished. It was an illusion. Upon the dark background, where ghostly clouds could be seen against a night sky, diagonal blazes of white had been added with an air-brush, giving the impression that light was striking a polished transparent surface. The whole painting had been done using air-brush and spray-gun, in fact, and one had to step forward to appreciate some areas, then step back to understand others. Close to, it could be seen that the broad areas were not one single color, umber or sienna, but many, shimmering stippled surfaces which suggested that Seurat might have been at work with more modern materials than had previously been available to him. To appreciate the detail of the narrow dark band it was necessary to step back a pace or two. Then the conviction would grow that there was a window there, or some transparent screen, against which there slowly appeared a crouching figure, his face in shadow, his nose and hands pressed against this barrier as if to escape.
The figure reminded her of the young man who had spoken to her outside the station; it was not he who Anne was anxious to escape, however, or the man in the painting, but simply herself.
Derek had done the painting in his final year at college and given it the title ‘How It Is’, after one of Samuel Beckett’s novels. Derek had been greatly preoccupied with the Irishman's writings during his years at college, and the pessimism of the literature had found its way into his painting. It was a nihilistic approach to art, and a contradictory one, pointing to the failings of a discipline by using the medium of that self same discipline -using words to say that nothing could be said, using images to say that nothing could be imagined- yet out of all this producing a piece of work which others might find worthwhile. Despite the theory and the motivation, which Anne had found depressing, she had always liked this particular painting. There had been times -when Derek’s work had been going less smoothly than he would have liked, or when they had argued over some silly inconsequential matter- when she had felt much like the figure in the painting, hemmed in, confined, incarcerated; the figure was only a small part of the painting, though, and it was easy, when her mood was equable, to forget that the crouching man was there and enjoy the painting simply for its color and sparkle, to see it as a splash of paint and nothing more.
Derek had not wanted to take the painting with him after college, it was too great a burden because of its size and he had seen himself at that time as something of a free spirit. It was difficult for the spirit to wander if the body was hampered by canvasses strapped to its back. She had joked that perhaps they could become wings, like those of Icarus, but he had taken only the smaller works with him, when he had gone south to a post graduate course, so she had taken ‘How It Is’ on her return north. In a succession of rooms and apartments she had found a place for the painting, though on occasion it had seemed as cramped by the confines of the room as the shadowy figure was by the limits of its narrow transparent cell. Eventually, however, it had found a more fitting location, when she had married Derek and become Mrs Henderson, on the wall where it presently hung, with room to breathe and space to be appreciated.
Looking at the painting that morning Anne had experienced much the same feeling of confinement as she had during the more turbulent moments of her early days with Derek, though the reasons for this were no longer quite so easy to appreciate. In the past there had always been an argument to act as catalyst, and the reason for the argument plain to see; Derek’s temper worsened because his work had hit a sticky patch; there was a shortage of money, as frequently happened when they were students living together; there was a clash of temperament, pure and simple. Whatever the cause, the tiff was easily understood and quickly smoothed over. Married, established so to speak, there were none of these minor irritations to trouble their life. Derek enjoyed his work, perhaps because the design and decoration of restaurants and public houses seemed more purposeful than the fine arts he had studied at college; the work paid well, it eased the worry of how they would cope financially, and both he and she had mellowed, become mature and responsible citizens. It had to be said that life was comfortable, exactly as she had hoped it would be, so why, she asked herself, did the walls of the room seem to bear in on her so? Why, looking at the painting which she had known for so many years, had she once again felt a churning in her stomach and a restless ache in her limbs?
A cup of coffee in one hand, the other held across her slim waist as if to keep her bathrobe securely tied, she had turned from the painting and crossed the sitting room floor. Her feet were bare, but the room, like the rest of the house, was warm. She paused in the hall to pick up the morning post, flicked through the half dozen envelopes but saw only bills and circulars, so left them in a pile on the kitchen table for Derek to deal with on his return from work. After rinsing her empty cup and setting it to dry, she went upstairs. In the master bedroom, on a low stool by the dressing table, she blow-dried her hair, applied make-up and painted her nails, both fingers and toes. All this was done at a leisurely rate, as if she derived pleasure from the ritual, and then, before the mirrored doors of the wardrobe, as if for further amusement, she let the bathrobe slip from her shoulders. Naked, she seemed to have aged little since her marriage to Derek, her figure was still trim, the skin was stretched as smoothly over her frame as was the canvas downstairs. It was only when she was clothed that a slight difference might have been discerned, between Anne as she had been at college and Mrs Henderson as she now was, for the clothes she wore were a means by which her progress through life could be gauged, their quality of a kind which could only be afforded when one had attained a certain standard, this standard usually coinciding with the middle years of life. Sliding apart the doors of the wardrobe and confronting the contents, the array of clothes was a testament to the industry and good fortune of both Derek and herself. Running her fingers through the variety of fabrics she felt no guilt at the sensual pleasure she derived, for they were as much a reward for her efforts as for her husband’s; she had worked as hard as he, and worked still, though now only when she wanted to, on commissions which appealed to her, for the pleasure and satisfaction as much as for the money. The casual manner in which she moved about the house, and the hedonistic attention with which she addressed herself to the most trivial tasks, might have suggested that she was a lady of leisure, but she was not.
As if at random, though she had spent quite some time considering the clothes, she plucked out a single hanger with her left hand, a clutch of them with her right, and swept them to the bed, letting them fall on the quilt like gaily coloured creatures with wings. From the single hanger she peeled a long brown skirt, stepped into it and zipped it up. Its folds fell cleanly, with a classic simplicity, like the fluting of a Corinthian column down to her calves. She took a blouse from a second hanger, pulled it on, then removed an assortment of dresses and suits from the remainder, folded each one in turn, quickly and efficiently, and placed them in the open suitcase which was on the floor, at her side of the bed.
Her side, his side. The way their lives had divided into compartments was a minor irritation, not of such magnitude that it actually disturbed her but insistent enough to warrant some action. Pausing from her packing, she folded her arms and regarded the bed, her head inclined and weight resting on one hip. The pillows were plump, as always, showing no ghost of an impression which might say that people actually slept there. Beneath the near pillow, on her side, she knew there was a nightdress; beneath the other, Derek’s pyjamas. She changed these around, set her nightdress where his pyjamas should be, then stepped back, her chin cupped in her hand. She smiled. It was a prank, nothing more, but it helped.
Tossing a few cosmetics onto the clothes in the case, she fastened it shut and carried it downstairs, setting it by the front door; this was where the luggage had always been stacked, when she went on holiday as a child. In the hall there was a clock, a brewery clock but of an older type than was common nowadays, with heavy ornate hands which inched about the face with a slow deliberation. Was it only ten thirty? She clicked her tongue against her teeth and the large hand crept across another fraction of a minute.
She ambled aimlessly about the ground floor of the house, not checking that she had left anything for there was nothing else she wished to take; nor was she reminding herself of what she was leaving, for she was fully aware of all the ramifications of her decision. In the sitting room, dining room, study and kitchen everything was as it had been for the past decade. Wallpaper had been replaced at intervals, and the woodwork stripped and repainted, but this had brought about no drastic changes. The pictures on the walls, Derek’s paintings and her illustrations, all predated their moving into the house. From that time on any work she had done had been commissioned, therefore the property of someone else, and any work Derek had done had been for the brewery, therefore impermanent and perhaps already redundant. Everything of aesthetic or sentimental interest dated back to their days at college.
It was strange, she thought, as she sat that morning in Derek’s chair in the study, strange that she should associate aesthetics with sentiment. Aesthetics had little to do with sentiment, she had learned that at college, it was far too exact and rational a philosophy, as Derek had always maintained. She knew, of course, that the common factor which prompted her to couple the two was college; the word, the time, the vaguest memory of those years could encompass so much.
Closing her eyes she could picture the building which was the art school, a modern structure, shining like a Bauhaus blossom on those sunny days which were the ones she remembered. There were two flights of steps to climb, short but wide, up and then up again, before turning left to walk along the elevated approach to the entrance. To the left, below, was a small  rectangular lawn planted with young trees; to the right, above, jutting out, was the balcony which adjoined the students' common room; and higher again, towering even higher as she approached the doors, the five storeys of the college, each tier of windows growing progressively smaller until at the top they were no more than a narrow ribbon of glass sunk into the concrete crown. The interior, too, was clearly mapped in her mind; the offices to the left, the lecture theatre to the right and two lifts directly facing; first floor, library and art history department; second floor, common room and canteen; third floor, graphics; fourth floor, printing; fifth floor, fine art.
Anne had expected to enjoy college, for she had enjoyed school; college, she reasoned, would be school on a grander scale, a combination of hard work on the one hand and new friendships on the other. The nice thing about the work, though, was that it was done because people wanted to, there was no working towards an examination or a qualification or simply going through the routine, as if programmed, because it had been ordered. People at art school were devoted to their work, they worked out of choice and had a rare belief in what they did. Derek had that belief when she met him and would often work through until the early hours of the morning, and not simply to meet a deadline such as having an essay in on time. At other times there might be a spell of inactivity, a day when nothing was done, but there were never any complaints from the staff; they weren't like that, they would not be on a person’s back saying ‘come on, at least look as though you’re working’; if you believe in the work you’re doing then it is with you all the time, and not restricted to any set hours.
Now, Derek no longer believed in the work he did, the integrity which had been so important to him at college had gone. There were times when Anne took the blame for this upon herself, thinking that his belief in his work had died at the same time that they had married. It was a reasonable excuse, to say that by marrying her he had contracted to look after her; artistic integrity paid no bills. It was no more than an excuse, though, she could see this now; she had been quite capable of earning enough to look after them both, if he had wanted to continue painting. It had been too easy at college to cherish ideals, that was the whole crux of the matter; afterwards, alone, with less support and encouragement, it had become more of a struggle and Derek had not been equal to it.
Leaving the study, checking the clock yet again, locking all the doors and gathering up her coat, she understood that she had finally come to see the house and its contents as the reward for Derek’s abandoning of his ideals. As a reward its worth was dubious, the loss of belief was a terrible price to pay; she would willingly have settled for a less comfortable life if it meant him retaining that fervour which had first attracted her.
Her car was parked in the drive as she left, but she walked past it, even though she had her suitcase to carry and there was a light rain falling. She turned down the tree-lined avenue, each detached house a tribute to the labours of its owner, a testimonial, as full of praise as any written accolade could be. Anne and Derek would have scoffed at such standards at one time.
There were no taxis at the rank by the station, few people in the neighbourhood had need of taxis, so she bought a ticket for town and waited on the platform. The service was frequent, the trains quick and clean. There was no sign of the rain abating, the sky was dull and overcast, but her thoughts seemed to climb and prick at the drab grey blanket as if seeking a way through.
Derek had changed. He did not love her any the less, she was certain of that, but his whole being seemed shallow now that it had lost that fire of true creativity; he lacked imagination and enthusiasm, was driven now only by duty. Sadly, however, what had once been a duty towards her had ultimately become a duty towards his job. To be fair to him he could see no distinction between the two, work was the means by which he fulfilled his duty towards her, but she had been fair to him for long enough. His muted nature, his lack of imagination, had dulled her spirit; like a heavy overcoat it weighed her down, like a leaking roof it offered a constant distraction, drip-dripping, tugging her attention back from where it would wish to go. She had always liked to let her mind wander, to where all things could be considered and there were no restrictions, no boundaries; it was a measure of one’s freedom, not to dream -for this suggested something wasteful- but to dwell, to encompass anything and everything, simultaneously on occasion, both the general and the particular, macrocosm and microcosm.
As if she needed an example to use as an excuse, she remembered waiting on the platform. The train had trundled down the line, rolling and pitching, shooting sparks of electricity from beneath its undercarriage as it crossed junctions and switched tracks. It slowed to a halt, the doors sighed open, closed again and it was off with her on board; she had been half aware of the train approaching, had boarded and taken her seat and was on her way; but all the time the greater percentage of her attention had been focused inwards, on her thoughts, on how her mind liked to wander, drawing together the actual and the merely possible, reality and idea. She thought she might have lost the ability to do this, because of the barrier which Derek's dull presence presented, but she had not, she realised this as she saw the red-roofed suburbs flash by the window, saw the river beyond and the hills of Wales in the distance, clearer in detail as they always appeared to be on such overcast days. Her mind became fragmented and her world with it, there was a confusion of idea and reality which troubled her at first, because she had forgotten what it was like.
Derek had once set great store by ideas, he had insisted that they could be as real as any tangible object. At art college, where it was expected that all art students would produce ‘art objects’, this had been something of a contentious doctrine, for often he would have only a single statement, delivered orally or presented in print, to show for a number of days work. It divided the staff, some in favour and some against, but he was never swayed from his belief; in those days his belief had been strong. He could not just produce a painting for the sake of it, he argued, but had to understand the reasons why he wanted to, and it often happened that the reason would prove to be enough, once it was understood it was sufficient in itself and did away with the need to produce an object. What was a painting, after all, but paint on canvas, a physical object. If it was to be considered a work of art as well as an object then there had to be something else; the idea. And when was a painting a work of art? As it was executed, while the idea was fresh in the artist's mind, or when it was seen on exhibition and the idea was appreciated by the viewer? The question had been an important one, when Derek had been at college.
There was one work Anne remembered, a work perhaps no longer in existence, and the idea -or was it sentiment?- was fresh in her mind. It had been a shallow resin rectangle mounted in a metal frame, clear resin but with a single bubble of air injected into it. Derek had wanted to inject an actual tear there, had sat unblinkingly until his eyes pricked and the tears fell, but each time the tear evaporated as the liquid resin solidified about it, so he had settled eventually for a single pear-shaped bubble of air. It was, after all, the idea which was important. Etched around three sides of the frame was the statement: ANNE WILL LEAVE ME ONE DAY AND ON THAT DAY THIS OBJECT WILL HAVE SIGNIFICANCE AS A WORK OF ART.
Then, on the fourth side of the frame, the lower edge, in bolder letters: NOT UNTIL THEN.
She could remember, too, believing that this was one idea which would fail, that she would never leave him, and as the train dipped underground beneath the city she blinked and brought a tear to her own eye, as though it was the harsh light of the day which she was confronting and not the gloom of the tunnel.
She got off the train at Central Station, where the walls hewn from rock were covered with preformed sheets of plastic, where the seats and litter bins and advertising hoardings were all formed out of the same plastic. This was the sort of trick that Derek and his colleagues at the brewery got up to, hiding the real character of a place beneath an artificial veneer. When, as a child, she had used this same station to travel to the seaside, it had been a real railway station with benches and flickering yellow lights, its walls sweating with condensation and looking as though they had been chiselled by hand. As if frightened by the modern world which had replaced her memories, she hurried along the platform and up the escalator, but there, too, there was the constant reminder of change; the floor was tiled, there were shops to either side and above there was an arching glass roof which brought to mind a bird cage or a monkey house.
She could not for the life of her understand how Derek could associate himself with such people, the iconoclasts, and involve himself with their work, earning a living by sapping all character from the world. What the planners and architects had done to Central Station, Cases Street and St John’s Market so he had done to the ‘Cracke’, the ‘Caledonian’ and ‘O’Connors Tavern’. He would never have considered such crimes while at college. Tradition had been a strange thing, then, to be flaunted on the one hand by saying that so-and-so, currently exhibiting at some established gallery, was a fuddy-duddy old fart, and defended on the other hand by saying that such-and-such a building, about to be demolished in the name of progress, was an object of merit and a part of our heritage. Derek had done a complete about-face and now took part in the demolition of the world they had loved; at the same time, though, his tastes in the creative arts had grown more conservatively safe and he would ridicule the exhibiting of a pile of bricks at the Tate, or a stack of tires at the Hayward, ask despairingly what the world was coming to. She tried to argue that it was surely the idea which mattered, reminding him of his old credo, but he no longer seemed prepared to listen. The plea was there, but it had gone unheeded for too long.
It was then, as she weaved through the shoppers outside the station, her mind still wandering though her course was true, that she caught the smile which was perhaps a leer. It reminded her that she was still an attractive woman, and so was a comfort, but there was also something discomforting about it, sinister and yet smug.
Could the young man have seen into her mind and divined her plans? Were her intentions so transparent?
She hurried on. He was much too young for her in any case, little more than an adolescent despite his build. She tried to look haughty as she strode on unwaveringly, knowing that if there was no honesty or soul in a man of Derek’s age then she would find none in a man of younger years. No, the feeling she needed was to be found in another generation, the promise and expectation was in an older age which had outgrown immature incentives and was willing to dream again, to accompany her and wander with her, to where her mind would go.

CHAPTER 6: LUCY’S MOTHER

‘She (We never thought of ourselves)
is leaving (Never a thought for ourselves)
home. (We struggled hard all our lives to get by)’

Theresa’s husband lay snoring in the double bed beside her, their daughter Lucy would be fast asleep in her bedroom along the landing, the cat was out and would still be screwing it’s way about the neighbourhood. It was six o’clock in the morning and time for the dream.
The dream always came at six o’clock, never quite the same dream but always at the same time. The only exception had been the year before last, in the spring, when Dad had forgot to set the clock forward. Theresa had smiled, then, behind bleary eyes, until she realized that the dream was not an hour out, that it was not its timing which was wrong but the clock. Her smile had faded slowly as her eyes had opened, as if the sticky sleepy film which gummed her eyes was a mask which immobilised her entire face, and in place of the victory was disappointment, the dismayed expression with which she greeted each six o’clock dream.
Theresa had felt her age these past few years. She was fast approaching fifty, which did not quite make her a geriatric -as Dad always said, in his clumsy attempt at a comforting word- but did make her increasingly more aware of impending old age. Her limbs had slowed, she had noticed, and perhaps her mind as well; simple tasks seemed to take longer, demanded a little more planning and consideration. Removing an egg from a box and carrying it to a pan of boiling water seemed a more involved operation than it had ever been before and she found herself thinking of each separate action before setting any in motion. She could almost believe that the water took longer to boil, and the three minute egg an extra minute or so to reach perfection, just like Dad liked it. And when she dropped an egg, when it slipped through her fingers... she had cried that day, she remembered, and Lucy had found her sobbing so heavily that it might have been thought that she was about to be carted off to the old folk’s home.
‘You know the only thing that makes you seem old?’ said Lucy, when the reason for the tears had been explained.
‘What?’
‘Apart from the clothes you wear, that is.’
She forced a smile; there was no criticism of the way she dressed, it was just her daughter’s affectionate jibe. ‘No. What?’ she asked again.
‘It’s the way you call Dad ‘Dad’. He’s my Dad, not yours. He’s your husband.’
That was habit, she said, though she did make an effort to break it. Old habits die hard, though, and she had called Tom ‘Dad’ ever since the day Lucy was born, their first and only child, sixteen years ago. She had been thirty four, Tom thirty nine, and they had been so delighted to have a child at last that ‘Mum’ and ‘Dad’ were the titles they impatiently took for themselves even before their daughter could babble, let alone speak.
The fact that such an old habit was hard to break, however, made her even more conscious of her advancing age. That was what old people did, wasn’t it? They became set in their ways. Would Dad ever not call her ‘Mum’? Would she ever not call him ‘Dad’? She had tried, once or twice, had called him by his Christian name, and he had ignored her; he hadn’t even realized that she was speaking to him.
Theresa was unsure when the dreams had started. The year before last, when they had forgotten to change the clocks for British summertime, she had obviously had them then. Before that? Certainly, but she could not remember how long before.
The dreams did not startle her violently, they did not shake her awake and in a cold sweat; they were not nightmares as such. In fact they were quite pleasant at times, soft and soporific in as much that they sent her drifting back to sleep straight away. This worried her, though, the calmative effect they had, for it suggested that old age -and especially its inevitable conclusion, death- was a pleasant sensation, something to be enjoyed. It was almost as if she was being tempted, drawn, persuaded. Though not unpleasant, however, the dreams always woke her, which was why she had to take them seriously; or if not seriously, since she lacked the intellect and insight to interpret them, then at least acknowledge them and accept them as a portent. The time was the important thing, always six o'clock. They were not regular in as much that they did not occur every night, there might be up to a month between each dream, but the time at which they occurred was predictable; she did not even need to look at the clock -though she always did- to know what hour of the morning it was.
Inadequacy was the one thing which characterized each dream, the sensation that she was no longer in command of her own fate. But then, how many people are? No, it was not even that, it was much simpler, concerned with more basic functions; it was the need to direct the body and govern what it did which defeated her. Some dreams had simple plots which she recognized from earlier years; running but getting nowhere, attempting but never quite succeeding, having some simple physical act to perform but meeting with failure at the very same point each time. But then, when matters became more complex, it seemed that the demands made on her became more simple. At times she thought she had regressed, was not growing older but younger; whichever way her body was taking, however, to senility or to infancy, the consequences were the same. Whether she was a young child or an old hag she had to be sat on the toilet to defecate, or laid on a rubber mat to have the stuff wiped from her; an infant in arms or a cripple in a chair, she had to be carried if she was to get from one place to another; a mass of flesh curled up in a foetus shape or a bundle of withered skin and bones, she had to reach out to some other creature for warmth. There was the inadequacy, in the simple things which most people learn to take for granted. At other times, in other respects, she had felt inadequate but had never fretted over it. She had never been particularly bright as a child, and her schooling had not helped whatever brilliance there was to shine, but this had not worried her, she had believed that everyone was granted a purpose, no matter how dull. Her role in life, she expected, would be that of wife and mother; it did not require intelligence, but feeling and compassion, and these were her greatest qualities. As a wife she was successful, both loving and dutiful, doing what was demanded of a wife and knowing that she did it well, sure of this for she saw that her husband was content. As a mother, though, she worried that she had failed, for to her way of thinking a mother’s success was judged not only by the quality of her offspring but also by the quantity. Even after the birth of Lucy, and despite the joy which that birth brought, she felt that a single child was no success at all.
Her own mother, God rest her soul, had had four children, three boys and herself, Theresa, yet it was she alone, the only daughter, who had been the one to look after their mother when it became apparent that she was incapable of looking after herself. Her father, too, had needed caring for, when a bed-ridden wife became too much for him to cope with. Not one of the boys offered any significant help; nor, more importantly, did the wives of the two who were married. When Theresa’s mother, at some time in middle age and for some reason known only to herself, appeared to lose all sense of purpose and confined herself to bed, it was she, Theresa, who undertook the management of two households, caring and feeding and cleaning for a husband, a father and a mother. The emotional pressures were as great as the physical demands. Her mother had been known in the neighbourhood as a gay, lively woman, both joyful and compassionate, and her absence was remarked upon despite the attempts to keep her condition secret. What exactly was her condition? The neighbours inevitably wanted to know, and there were lies at first, vague excuses made in the hope that the condition might reverse itself. It never did, however, and was never explained; their sympathy might have been sincere, but it seemed a little empty since there was no tangible ailment towards which it could be directed.
It was only when Lucy was born that the decision was made to hospitalise Theresa’s mother. By this time she had spent ten years in bed, had exhausted her daughter, aged her husband and broken her family. Theresa’s brothers, who had sat in on the early family councils -even then insisting that she would be better off in hospital- had gradually drifted further from the family home, two shifting their attentions to an exaggerated consideration of their own families, Robert devoting most of his attention to furthering his career. They were bitter acrimonious years, those years until their mother was admitted into hospital. Then, with the birth of Lucy, Tom demanded a similar devotion to his own family. He had been able to look after himself to a great extent, had made many sacrifices while his wife had attended to her parents, but the long awaited birth of their child changed all that. Lucy needed all the care which had until that time been lavished upon his in-laws.
The hospitalisation eased much of the physical burden though not all of the mental pressures. Theresa’s mother survived eleven years in hospital, and each twice-weekly visit was met with the same accusing glance from the old lady, as if to say ‘you did this to me’. There was little point in Theresa arguing that she had cared for her mother when no one else would, for life in hospital was reduced to terms too simple to consider arguments or excuses; there were bars on the windows and high-chairs at meal times and this was the only reality of the situation. Sons who only occasionally visited, her mother was unable to recognize; the husband who grew too feeble to visit, she forgot. When he died she exhibited no emotion, showed no urgent need to join him and outlived him by a creditable three years.
What Theresa never forgot, and what often fired her dreams, was that out of a family of four children she was the only one who had cared. What hope was there for her, then, with only one child to trust in? The odds regarding being cared for, in later life, should have been tilted slightly, Lucy should have had a few brothers and sisters to share the responsibility. But no, this was not to be, and the one thing to be thankful for was that their only child was a girl; perhaps she might learn to care. Initially there was no thought of reward, of course, no question of tit-for-tat; as Tom had insisted, Lucy herself needed caring for; she was such a sweet little bundle, pink and helpless and above all trusting, that caring for her was inevitable, a natural response.
The years of caring for her mother had accustomed Theresa to the hard work involved and she was equal to all the demands of a young child, never shirking her duties. Where some mothers would invariably wish for a moment's peace during the day, Theresa seemed to need none; if the child cried she was there to see to her, and when the child slept she was washing nappies or cleaning the house, making good use of her time. She appeared not to need rest, indeed seemed to thrive on the constant activity. When she did sit down, once Lucy was settled for the night -and she was a good child, she slept right through until morning- her idea of relaxation, even then, had a practical aspect; she would sew or knit or embroider, making a new dress or a cardigan for the baby. Tom, too, did his share, turning to Lucy even after the hardest day's work, talking to her, amusing her, playing with her until she grew tired, though he often grew weary before she did. They weren't the wealthiest of people, but love was the one thing they had in abundance and they lavished it upon their daughter.
Lucy was a pretty baby and grew to be a beautiful young girl. She was intelligent, too; Theresa would often say, with a laugh, ‘she’s got her Dad's brains and... (pause for effect) ...her Dad’s good looks’. It was said with pride, but also jokingly, for neither she nor her husband were particularly bright or handsome. That was one reason why she had been grieved by her brothers, the two married ones, when they and their wives had contributed little to the care of mother, for they had married such beautiful girls and both betrothals had been remarked upon by the neighbours, as if marrying a beautiful girl was some sort of success. But what was beauty worth if a person lacked compassion? Not a fig! Better to be plain on the surface but blessed with a caring soul, than to be superficially pretty yet shallow beneath, pretty like a butterfly which flits about so ineffectually. She dearly hoped that Lucy would never lack such feeling.
The intelligence of their daughter, again a source of pride, was commented upon when she was still quite young, recognized in the sparkle of her eyes and the wide alert expression, and when she began school it was made even more apparent. She was quick to pick things up, her learning accelerated at school, as if with her parents there had been little to learn other than the most basic knowledge and the simplest skills. Her progress throughout primary and junior schools drew repeated praise from her teachers, who said that it was a testament to the good work of her parents. Theresa, though proud, felt that they deserved little of the credit, and with the pride there was also a degree of concern. Her brother Robert had been intelligent, the cleverest of the family, and where had it got him? Away, free, excused of any responsibilities towards his bed-ridden mother. He even had the effrontery, in his more cynical moments, to hint that getting away had been his sole purpose. ‘You all used to laugh at me, with my nose in a book, and ask where it would get me,’ he often reminded the family, when they gathered from time to time. ‘And where did it get me? Away!’
The worry for Theresa, the inference, was that intelligence invariably led ‘away’, away from family and home and responsibilities.
The worry suddenly eased when Lucy started to attend grammar school. Perhaps the work was more difficult there, perhaps the competition was stiffer; whatever the reason, her intelligence ceased to shine quite so brilliantly, and instead of being lauded as the best in the class she became just one of the many, neither good nor bad, an average pupil who could do better. Theresa did not take her daughter to task when her standard slipped; her intelligence, after all, had in one respect been a cause of worry, and she reasoned that an average pupil would most likely develop into an average citizen, not troubled by fanciful ambitions which might tempt her away from home but prepared to fulfil more average duties. That there might have been any more serious reason for her daughter’s decline never occurred to her; indeed, she never saw it as a decline but simply as a matter of levelling out, of finding one’s own particular standard, and among the more able pupils of the grammar school Lucy’s place was no longer at the top, her intelligence was no longer quite so remarkable.
Tom did think that their daughter might try a little harder, as her reports encouraged her to do, but this opinion was voiced only infrequently and never too forcefully. After all, his wife was content and he had faith in her; she had cared so much, had raised their child so well, that he would abide by whatever she considered to be best. He accepted her excuse that Lucy’s intelligence had been dimmed by the brighter stars she now competed against, would ask his to try a little harder when each term’s report was brought home but never press with any feeling or insistence.
Theresa was ever alert in case Lucy should show signs of heeding her father’s occasional advice. It was not that she would ever persuade Lucy to do badly, simply that she would never encourage her to do better. What she did encourage Lucy to do was whatever she wanted, pretending that this made for a happy and contented life. If Lucy wanted new clothes, clothes which were fashionable, then she could have them freely without needing to earn them, as other girls did, by putting in an improved performance at school; if she wanted to go to the cinema, go to a party, meet some people, then she could, there was no question of refusing her on the grounds that these favours would interfere with her school work. Happiness and contentment were what mattered, they were the qualities which should typify a person's schooldays; happiness and contentment were what tied a person to family and home.
So preoccupied was Theresa with the happiness of Lucy that she failed to see a deterioration in manner following quickly upon the decline in academic standard; she saw only the delighted smile every time one of Lucy’s requests was granted. Tom, however, began to notice an anger and petulance on those rare occasions when a favour had to be refused, a fiery antagonism in his daughter’s eyes and an insulting contempt in her pose. Worse, he came to recognize this same disdain even when Lucy’s requests were met, as though the favour, once granted, lost all significance and became no favour at all.
‘You give in to her too much,’ he complained to his wife. ‘If you give her everything she asks for then nothing has any meaning, there’s no appreciation.’
‘Don’t be silly,’ said Theresa. ‘She’s happy and that’s the important thing.’
‘But she’s not happy. She used to be, perhaps, but she doesn’t know what happiness is anymore. How can she, when she’s never given reason to be unhappy?’
The argument was beyond his wife’s comprehension. ‘What are you trying to say, Dad? That we give her a good hiding every other day, just so she can see how nice it is when we don’t?’
‘Of course not.’
‘Then stop talking nonsense,’ she said.
He tried his best without his wife’s support, fearing that their daughter was becoming selfish and spoiled, but on his own he could not win. He was always outnumbered; if he tried to be adamant, said that Lucy could not go out because there were exams ahead, or because she had already been out too often that week, then Lucy would rant and his wife would whine and he would gradually be worn into submission; Lucy would get her way, smiling with a triumph which was disrespectful, and his wife would tell him, once the girl had swaggered off, that he was being a little too hard on the poor thing.
For all Theresa’s success in seeing that Lucy's life was one of contentment -thus hoping to guarantee the daughter’s allegiance to the mother- she was still troubled, however, for this contentment she cultivated, like a crop to sustain life, seemed of no immediate benefit to her and was no cure for her dreams.
In the still dark morning the luminous hand of the clock pointed to six and she was awake. She had dreamt of the Passover, which was strange, for she was not especially religious; church on Sundays and prayers when needed, that was the limit of her devotion; she was not even particularly well acquainted with the story of the Passover, had probably heard it many years ago at school but had had no reason to remember it since. The Passover it must have been, though, recalled from that distant past, for in her dream there were doors, many of them in an infinitely long corridor, and each was marked, not in red but in white. All except her own, she realized, the door behind which she lay incapacitated, unable to move. What held her to the bed, whether chains or bonds or mere fatigue, she could not say, and why her door needed to be marked like the others she was not sure. Something was coming, though, of this she was certain, it was passing by the other doors but it would not pass by hers, not unless she could heave herself from the bed and mark the door as the rest were marked. She struggled as she sensed rather than heard this unidentified entity draw closer, but her body refused to respond to her will, she could imagine herself climbing from the bed and crossing to the door but was unable to translate the idea into reality.
Any interpretation was beyond her, so rather than lie there dwelling on the dream, or drifting back to sleep and chancing a recurrence, she slipped quietly from the bed, careful not to wake her husband, and pulled on her dressing gown.
‘Just like that,’ she told herself with a smile. ‘It isn’t all that difficult to get out of bed and cross the room.’
She laughed softly, the cold reality of morning making the dream seem silly.
Outside her bedroom, looking along the landing, she was at first startled to see a misty white shape fixed to the door of Lucy’s bedroom. The dream, again? No, it would just be a note from her -'don’t get me up too early, I’m not going into school today’, or some such message. Lucy often did this, pinning notes to the outside of her door, especially if the gist of the message was that she did not want to be disturbed. Dad disapproved, he thought it was bad mannered, but Theresa saw the sense in the method; if you didn’t want to be disturbed you didn't leave the message by your bedside, risking someone coming in and waking you.
She padded along the landing in her carpet slippers, smiling in anticipation of the message as she took the note from the door. Her smile slipped when she unfolded the sheet of paper and read the words.
‘Dad!’ she called. ‘Dad! Come quick!’

CHAPTER 7: MR KITE

‘For the benefit of Mr Kite,
there will be a show tonight...’

As Kite entered the office Denise was on the telephone. Seeing him, she placed her hand over the mouthpiece, asked, ‘Have you seen anything of Mr McAndrews?’
‘No. Sorry,’ he answered.
‘Only it’s his sister on the line. Something about his niece, Lucy, going missing.’
He shrugged. ‘I haven’t seen hide nor hair of him.’
‘It’s like a flaming bloody circus in here this morning,’ he heard the secretary grumble as he walked on. ‘People coming and going but nowhere to be found.’
Yes, for all the world like a circus, Kite would agree with that; as he walked through the door into his inner office he saw his work at the brewery as nothing more than a plastic circus of flashing lights and glittering surfaces, everything about it simulated and not one bit real. He thought of the Perspex tankards set into bars, foaming at the lip with fake beer which never overflowed; the pump handles which didn’t pump but just clicked and whirred as the press of a switch and spewed out a gassy concoction which was almost the colour of beer; the cash tills with fluorescent faces which took money, calculated the amount of change due and could no doubt be encouraged to smile and pass comment on the weather. The madness of the trade was all about him, in the glossy literature which littered his desk, reams of it which he would happily leave for the next man. He was glad to be getting out, glad to realise, as he searched through the debris for any personal effects, that he was feeling his fingertips squeak against the shiny sheets of paper for the last time. The first half hour each morning had always been torture for him, having to rip open the large manilla envelopes and shudder, remembering fingernails scraped down blackboards, as he touched each glossy catalogue and circular. And they were only a part of it. Even the people were just as glossy these days, bright young things with Brylcreem hair -no, perhaps not Brylcreem, that would be outdated, but with shiny locks which always bounced back into place with each enthusiastic nod of the head. These new men were better suited to cocktail bars than to public houses, better suited to gin and tonic executive lives than to work in a brewery. But then, such were the times that even the draymen had styled hair nowadays. He sighed sadly, scrubbed his fingers across his own thinning scalp and picked up his briefcase.
Denise had finished on the telephone, was loading a brush with correction fluid.
‘All packed, Mr Kite?’ she asked, not looking up. Perhaps it was nail varnish on the brush, not correction fluid, for the bottle was hidden below the desk. And who used correction fluid these days?
‘You make it sound like I’m going on holiday.’
‘One big long holiday. I envy you,’ she said, with a secretive smile.
That was exactly what had been said to Charlie Mullen, when he retired eighteen months earlier, and he was dead already, from a broken heart or a lack of purpose many believed.
Mr Kite shook his head and walked towards the door.
‘You’re not going now, are you?’ Denise asked, suddenly flustered. ‘You’ve not forgotten, have you? The, er, celebration?’
‘Celebration? Is everyone that glad to see me go?’
‘Oh, Mr Kite, you know that isn’t the case.’
‘I know, Denise, it’s alright,’ Mr Kite winked, not too comfortable with the gesture which seemed a little too cheeky for a man of his age. ‘I’ll be there. I’m just taking my things down to the car so they don’t get forgotten in the festivities.’
Denise nodded, as if in consent, and he stepped from the office to the corridor. The sixth floor was carpeted, a sign of the status he had achieved after thirty five years, and the walls were lined with prints of the brewery's pubs, not the daguerrotypes which they seemed to be but simulations again, clever fakes by the boys in the basement. They were good, though, they showed how the pubs had actually looked, crumbled and faded but warm with character. Not like the block-mounted photographs and impressions in the foyer, the flat-topped haciendas which were the company’s latest joy; they would tumble, not crumble, disintegrate into ruins and make way for a car park, or slip out of style even before then.
The lift came to a cushioned halt and the doors sighed open before him, like a curtain, to bring him face to face with another artist's impression of a brewery showpiece. He was tempted to turn away and use the stairs, but six flights were too much for a man of his age, about to retire, so he steeled himself and entered, facing the brown enamelled doors rather than the aluminium frame which hung on the opposite wall. In fits and starts the lift descended, stopping at the fourth floor where the carpet tiles were less plush than on his own floor, then at the first where carpeting was replaced by durable rubber flooring. At the ground floor he strode briskly across the tiled reception area, looking neither to left nor right, wanting to avoid any further greetings or congratulations on reaching his retirement.
Facing the office block were the older buildings of the original brewery, noticeably short of windows, a hundred years older than the steel and glass in which he worked. The need for an administration block had only been realized some ten years ago, until that time everyone had worked together, had known each other’s jobs and been a part of the whole. Now they were as divorced as lords and commoners, the workers in their boiler suits and the grander staff in their coordinated outfits, and even he was losing touch with the grass roots of the business and the friends he had made there.
Separating these two worlds, what now seemed to him to be two distinct companies, was a vast stretch of tarmacadam neatly segmented by crisp white lines. On the far side the rectangles formed by these white lines were featureless black patches, but those nearer the office block were numbered, and the final two rows, immediately adjoining the main entrance where he stood, initialed. The latter spaces were also larger than the rest, intended to accommodate any vehicle up to the size of a Daimler or Rolls.
‘R McA’ was Robert McAndrews, the head of the architect’s department, and he had just parked his Jaguar in that space as Kite walked down the steps towards his own numbered spot.
‘Well, Kite, ready to fly?’ McAndrews said with a grin, his humour as adolescent as his schoolboy looks. As he walked around his car he ran a finger along its coachwork, dusting at the bonnet.
‘Just about, Mr McAndrews.’
‘Robert,’ McAndrews corrected. He always insisted that he be addressed by his first name, though he referred to others by their surname. ‘So, it’s one long vacation now? Like breaking up for the school holidays, eh?’
He laughed and flicked the hair from his eyes. He was in his forties but the fringe made him look much younger. Denise said that it was a toupee, but Kite thought not; McAndrews’ features were too fresh and youthful for him to have gone bald.
‘I don’t know about a vacation,’ said Kite. ‘I think I’ll probably…’
‘We’ll see you later?’ McAndrews smiled, not listening. ‘A pint or two of our best ale to bid you bon voyage and remind you of what you’re leaving?’
‘I’ll be there,’ Kite promised, watching the man hurry off up the steps, stumbling at the top and turning to grin, like an embarrassed schoolboy who has skinned his knee in the playground.
Kite remembered the phone call which Denise had taken, beckoned to McAndrews to call him back, but he just waved in return and entered the building. Kite shrugged and went to his own car; McAndrews would find out about the call for himself.
Mr Kite’s car was a six year old Datsun, less grand than a Jaguar, not as sporty as the vehicles which others in the department favoured. Yet even this was more flash than the beloved old Ford which it had replaced, those six years ago when it had been argued that his image needed to be more confident, more assured. What would the tenants think, McAndrews had asked, if the man who was going to restyle their pubs turned up in a car more suited to a clergyman? Kite had eventually conceded the point and was now left with a heap of rusting metal. He cursed as he kicked the underside of one of the rear doors, then struggled with the key in the lock. The Ford would have been good for another fifty thousand miles. With the door open and his briefcase -never to be needed again- thrown inside, he had to kick and hammer once more to get it closed, though he didn't know why he bothered to make it secure; the car was worth so little that he would willingly have paid someone to take it off his hands. He had to keep up the pretence, though, and behave as expected, for a little while longer at least.
Before him and behind him people were now swarming from their respective buildings, converging and diverging, weaving their way between the parked cars. It was twelve thirty and he joined the flow, first moving with it and then fighting against it, heading for the ‘Copper Kettle’ for one last lunchtime drink.
The ‘Copper Kettle’ had been in the grounds of the brewery when he had first known it, not cut off by the high mesh fence as it now was. The exterior of the pub had changed very little, apart from having been repainted and repointed at intervals throughout the years, but the interior was completely different. The many tiny rooms it had once held had first been knocked into one large area; then, when an agoraphobic new man in the department had been too giddily affected by all that space, mock pillars and beams had been inserted to break up the area, bringing back all the claustrophobia of the original layout but none of the charm.
As Mr Kite reached the entrance the landlord was just escorting a someone from the premises, an elderly unshaven man in a threadbare coat.
‘He smashed a glass,’ the landlord explained to Kite. ‘He said it was the table’s fault, it wouldn’t keep still. Now there’s a pointer for you lot; furnish your pubs with steady tables.’
‘We don’t make them, we just buy them,’ said Kite, and entered.
Inside, people were leaning against many of the pillars, their backs broken by the narrow shelf which circled each, while others stood against the bar. More were standing than were sitting, in fact, which was a typically perverse example of human nature in that people should revert to past habits after so much thought had been given to how the seating could be made more comfortable for them. All that soft upholstery lining the walls, and scattered about the room, and people now preferred to stand, like miners bowed by the coal face who needed to straighten out their scabby spines.
‘What’ll it be?’ asked the landlord, when they had taken up their places on either side of the bar.
‘A half pint of bitter.’
‘Only a half? I thought you’d be on the pints today, celebrating.’
‘There’ll be time enough for that later.’
‘When you can let the company foot the bill?’ The landlord smiled as he placed the drink on the bar, then waved away the money which Mr Kite offered, saying this one was on the house. ‘So? How do you feel about it?’ he asked, settling his elbows on the bar.
Kite assumed that he meant retirement; it was all that seemed to concern people today.
‘Fine,’ he answered.
‘You’re not worried?’
‘Should I be?’
The landlord shrugged. ‘It’s not always an easy thing to take. Just look at what happened to Charlie Mullen.’
‘He was older than me. I’m taking early retirement, remember. Anyway, he couldn’t think what to do with himself once there was no work.’
‘And you can? What?’
‘I’ll probably…’
‘Potter about the garden?’
‘No,’ said Kite, annoyed. ‘I was thinking more along the lines of running off with my secretary.’
‘Who? Denise?’ The landlord laughed. ‘Now she would have you in your grave, a young girl like that.’
‘She’d not let me fret about having no job to go to, though.’
Still laughing, the landlord moved down the bar: the place was filling and his help was needed.
Everyone seemed to see retirement as an end rather than a beginning, Mr Kite noted with annoyance, something to be suffered rather than enjoyed; even those who laughed were only pretending to envy him, putting on a brave face as they thought he was doing, secretly believing that he was dreading retirement, that he would be unable to cope with it. He could see it in their silly smiles.
A group of people from his department entered the bar, led by McAndrews, the prefect, the head boy, the cock of the class. Mr Kite turned away, but not before he was spotted. They gathered around him -McAndrews, Derek Henderson, Denise and others- slapping his back or shaking his hand.
‘Hey! A joke!’ McAndrews announced, demanding their attention in return for the drinks he bought. ‘What can we expect to see Kite doing this evening?’
‘Dunno,’ a number chorused. ‘What can we expect to see Kite doing this evening?’
‘Flying!’ McAndrews answered, with a great guffaw, and added his back-thumping congratulations to those of the others. ‘There’s one for you, Kite! Flying, eh?’
Mr Kite smiled, his head nodding beneath the force of that one hand clapping his back. ‘Very good,’ he said. ‘Yes, very droll.’
‘We’ll miss your humour,’ Derek Henderson said.
McAndrews jerked a thumb in the direction of Mr Kite, said, ‘But it’s him who’s leaving, not me!’
‘Yes, I know,’ Henderson said. ‘That’s who I meant.’
‘Oh.’ McAndrews looked at Mr Kite, as if trying to confirm that there had ever been a spark of humour in the man, then said, ‘Yes, always good for a laugh was Kite.’
Mr Kite felt much like a corpse at a wake, talked about rather than spoken to, hearing all his faults and merits listed in his apparent absence. It was a discomforting feeling and he tugged at his collar; there was no visible effect but he felt better for the gesture nonetheless, for it was an action which he had found necessary at least a dozen times each working day.
The conversation around him switched from his own immediate future to the department’s particular present, to work in progress and what should be inflicted upon the drinking public now that the hacienda-style was becoming old hat.
Kite flippantly suggested ordinary, inoffensive, run-of-the-mill pubs, places with brown wood and beer and sawdust on the floor.
Derek Henderson shook his head and looked to Robert McAndrews for agreement.
‘Now there just might be something in that idea,’ said McAndrews, and turned to Denise, said, ‘Denise, love, you check on our carpet suppliers when we get back to the office, see if they’ve got anything we can use to get a sawdust effect or if we’ll need a special weave.’
Derek Henderson shook his head again, as if he was disappointed or confused.
Everything simulated again, thought Kite, and was tempted to suggest a sprinkling of plastic pools of vomit to add to the effect. There was the danger that he might be taken too seriously, though, thus enhancing his reputation as an ideas man; they might even try to persuade him to stay on, offer him another silly promotion for another silly idea.
‘You’ve gone very quiet, Kite,’ said Derek Henderson. ‘Are you pondering on the future and what it holds in store?’
‘Oh no,’ said Kite. ‘My future is very much sorted out.’
‘Yes? And what do you intend doing? Relaxing?’
‘Rejoicing,’ Kite corrected, with a wry smile. ‘Perhaps I’ll find myself a nice woman to run off with, someone like Mrs Henderson.’
Derek Henderson laughed nervously, not quite amused, for it was known that he was possessive towards his wife; justifiably so, too, for everyone at the firm’s annual dinner-dance would lust after her once the toasts had finished and the serious drinking had begun, and he would spend every minute after ten o'clock keeping her close by his side, have her safely at home, like Cinderella, by midnight at the latest.
‘What’s going on here?’ demanded McAndrews, seeing Kite and Henderson close in conversation. ‘Are you two plotting something?’
‘Not me,’ said Henderson. ‘It’s Kite. He’s planning to run off with Anne.’
‘It was young Denise he was going to run off with not half an hour ago,’ said the landlord, having eavesdropped on the conversation.
Denise blushed furiously and frowned as she heard, as though she had been betrayed; it was necessary for her to force a smile when McAndrews slid an arm about her waist.
‘Come on, Denise love, let’s get you back to the office before Kite makes a grab for you.’
Grudgingly the young woman allowed herself to be led away from the bar.
‘You’re not coming?’ Derek Henderson asked Mr Kite.
‘No, there’s nothing left for me to do. I’ve cleared out my desk.’
Henderson nodded. ‘We’ll see you later, then? At your farewell?’
‘You will,’ Mr Kite lied.
Henderson half raised his hand in a salute, then seemed to reconsider and followed the others.
Alone, Kite ordered another drink, a pint this time, now that he could drink at leisure without having the stuff forced upon him. He took it across to a seat in a quiet corner of the room, wondering what his colleagues might have got him as a farewell gift. A gold watch? A clock? If so, then it would probably be digital, in keeping with the style of the architect’s department, quartz powered, its mechanism unheard, silent enough for the quiet Mr Kite. He knew he was sometimes laughed at, often pointed at, always taken for granted and thought to be so predictable. The image of himself pottering about the garden, though acceptable enough to others, was worth a chuckle; he had no intention of taking root, ankle deep in the mud in a vegetable patch. No, vegetating was what he had done throughout his working life, wondering what he would be doing in two years or ten years or twenty years time and always waking up to find that he was still doing the same old thing.
The room was emptying, now that the lunchtime rush was over, and it felt strange to be sat there. Barring holidays, it was the first time in thirty five years that he had not had to hurry back to his desk, or travel out to one of the brewery’s houses, to deliberate on ways of pleasing his superiors without destroying the traditional charm of the sites he was trusted with.
He looked at his watch. Two o’clock. He went to the bar for another drink.
‘Savouring the occasion?’ asked the landlord, as he pressed the switch beneath the imitation pump, causing the beer to gush forth.
‘I bet you’ve never pulled a real pint, have you?’ said Kite, as he watched.
The landlord could barely have reached his thirties, if that, and looked much like the younger men Kite worked with, well groomed and well manicured, his trousers neatly creased, with no dirt from the cellar soiling them.
‘You’re not a real ale man, are you?’ he asked, and shook his head before an answer was forthcoming. ‘It’s a messy business, that, and time consuming, changing the barrels and letting them settle.’
Mr Kite paid for the drink, picked up the glass and sipped from it. ‘You’d have us all drinking out of cans, wouldn’t you?’ he said, grimacing and puckering his lips around the taste of the beer.
‘That wouldn’t be a bad idea,’ the landlord admitted. ‘It would save me a lot of bother.’
Mr Kite huffed and walked back to his seat, his stick-in-the-mud reputation enhanced. No doubt the landlord was picturing him, again, doddering about the garden in cardigan and gum boots.
Well let him, Kite smiled. Let them all. He would soon shake them.
As the clocks in the bar whirred quietly on, never losing a second and never needing to be rewound, people came and went and Mr Kite sipped his drink. It was getting late, he noted; there were still three hours to go until his farewell gathering, which he imagined was now being made ready, but according to his own timetable the hour was getting late. He checked his watch against the clocks. It was now two thirty. Disappointed with himself for being so anxious, he went to the telephone by the door, rummaged in his pocket for a coin, then dialled.
'Magee's Brewery,' a voice answered, when his coin rattled in the box.
'Architect's department. Mr Henderson, please.'
'Putting you through,' said the voice, and then there was another, Denise's, saying, 'Architect's department. Can I help you?'
Mr Kite coughed and filled his throat with phlegm. 'I'd like to speak to Mr Henderson, please,' he said, his voice deep and rattling, harsher than usual so as not to be recognised.
'I'm sorry but Mr Henderson left half an hour ago. He's at one of our sites and won't be back until six.'
'I see. Thank you,' Kite smiled.
'Thank you,' Denise said, still ignorant of who she had been speaking to.
He replaced the receiver and returned to his seat, knowing that all was well.
The clocks inched on, all synchronised. A constant flow of people came and went and Kite scrutinised them all, finally saw her the woman elbowing her way through them. She was tall, fair haired, dressed in a long brown skirt and leather boots, as expensively as the wife of a career man might be. Her cool blue eyes darted anxiously about her as she strode across the room, walking directly towards Kite; she sat beside him but did not look at him, her eyes still scanning the room and its occupants.
'You're late,' said Mr Kite, but got no response. 'Anne,' he prompted. 'I said you're late. What kept you?'
'I've been waiting down the road. I didn't want to risk bumping into Derek. I don't know why you suggested meeting here in the first place.'
'It's alright. Derek's out on site. I just called the office.'
'You didn't!' she said in alarm.
'Don't worry, they don't know it was me.' He put his hand on hers, to calm her, but she was too agitated to remain still. 'Let me get you a drink. I think you could do with one.'
'No. Let's go. The sooner we get away from here the better.'
Kite finished his drink and stood; when he took Anne's arm she tried to pull away, but he held fast.
'You've got to get used to it, no more hiding,' he said. 'Did you bring your car?'
'I hired one,' she told him, looking nervously about again and noticing the landlord cast them a quizzical glance.
'Why, for heaven's sake?' asked Kite. He had been looking forward to them driving away in her sports car, even though it wasn't the weather for open-topped driving.
'It was too noticeable. I thought Derek might see it.'
He guided her from the pub and across the car park, guessing that the car she had hired would be one of the many anonymous Mondeos.
'This one?' he asked, picking the one with the tidiest interior. It was from Avis, probably, so that they could leave it at Dover.
She nodded and he took the keys from her.
'No! Not past the office!' she said, cringing in her seat as he turned the car onto the road and towards the brewery.
Yes, he said, they had to, he wanted to, he hoped their elopement would be seen by everyone.

CHAPTER 8: ROBERT McANDREWS, AGAIN

'Try to realise it's all within yourself,
No one else can make you change...'

While Kite prepared for his elopement, and others prepared for his farewell party, Robert McAndrews made his way home.
Lace curtains hung at the windows of his house, always crisp and white even though he was a bachelor; each night a cosy light burned, as warm and welcoming as the whisky glow cast on the pavement at the open door of a tavern, and by daylight the burnt sienna bricks were radiant, glowing more fiercely with the changing seasons. Though the garden was overgrown there was a semblance of organisation underlying the chaos, nature had imposed its own particular order and bouquets of colour burst from the foliage like fanfares, azaleas and libertia and rhododendrons breaking the monotony of the dark green undergrowth. The path, crazily paved and softly carpetted with moss, ran directly, almost eagerly to the door where the garden encroached again, stray veins of creeper winding themselves about the step, clinging precariously to the wall and splaying out in every direction as if to mirror the broken irregular pattern of the path. When compared with its near neighbours it seemed that the house had achieved some sort of compromise, that having agreed to let nature take its course it had settled for a state which was neither as dilapidated as some, with their crumbling plasterwork and rotting window frames, nor as fastidious as others, with their precisely pointed walls and neatly clipped gardens. This compromise was a happy one, the eaves of the house seemed to hunch and shudder with a delight which could barely be contained; it might have been supposed that behind the facade there lived a happy person.
Once inside, however...
Robert had been forced to return home, it had been beyond him to keep up his expected jovial mood at the office. His back-slapping of Kite and teasing of young Denise, the bonhommie extended to all his staff had tried his patience; to stay for the farewell party which was being prepared would have stretched him to breaking point.
Friendly avuncular Robert McAndrews, people would be calling him.
Or good old Uncle Bobby. He could imagine Lucy calling him that right now, and not with any affection. So why had he wasted so much of the morning trying to find his niece? Was it concern for her or for himself?
From the first floor window he could see above the trees to the park, to the playing fields which sloped gently away and then dipped sharply from view, down towards the hidden lake. Clumps of trees bunched more densely in the distance, veiled by a slight smoky haze; beyond, fainter still, was the city, the Radio City tower the focal point like a finger held up in exclamation, the two cathedrals to one side, blunter and less elegant at such a distance, but also erect, straining heavenwards. If heaven was the intended target of these latter structures, however, the heights to which they reached, then he knew purgatory to be their present situation, for their foundations were firmly rooted in the material world and clustered at their feet its unfortunate victims would be grubbing about. Forget unemployment and its ensuing hardships, of which much was made whenever the plight of the city was considered; be it cause or effect, a symptom or a malaise, unemployment was the least of it. What perturbed Robert even more and chased him from the window was a more general quality of life; all that lay beyond the window he was able to picture and imagine, he had no need to part the curtains and come face to face with it.
Robert loved no one, though he could feel compassion towards some people it was always an emotion more akin to pity than to love. Perhaps it was that he was incapable of love. It left a void in his life, he knew, and sometimes he felt the need to fill it.
But how?
With who?
With the young woman he had seen at the cosmetics counter that morning, the one with the porcelain complexion and the pouting lacquered lips which were fixed like a painted smile on a mask?
No, not her, for the fear of responsibilities which came with a family scared him off such a relationship, and he had seen that all such a woman desired was to escape her humdrum routine by snaring a man. Why else should she present herself as she did, as an enticing creature born only to allure?
No, a relationship begat a wife and a wife begat a family, responsibility, a thing which he always shirked. He had shied away from his duty towards his ailing mother, that was a responsibility which he had not been able to take upon himself, and had left the burden to his sister, Theresa; it was an absence of love, surely, which had enabled him to do this.
The only love Robert had known for years -perhaps had ever known, despite the fondness with which he remembered girls from his youth- had been of a profane rather than a sacred kind, of the kind shown by that slut of a niece of his.
Why had Theresa thought to contact him first, him of all people, over her daughter's apparent flight? Was it because she suspected what had happened previously, because perhaps Lucy had let slip some clue as to events? He would not put this past Lucy, to boast, to relate, in a temper and simply to hurt, what had transpired between her and her uncle. Or could it rather be that Theresa felt that he, the prosperous and successful brother, somehow had it in his power to help?
If the little bitch had spoken of what had happened-!
This was the danger of a loveless lonely life, the desperate involvements it forced one to surrender to.
It was the previous summer that he had seen Lucy in town and had offered her a lift. She had had her problems to relate, as usual, troubles with her mother and father, their lack of understanding. Robert, in a sympathetic mood that day, took her to his home and made her a meal of pizza and salad, telephoned Theresa to say that her daughter was safe, she was with him and would be returned home soon.
'But I don't want to go home, Uncle Bobby,' she said. 'Mum and Dad are always getting on at me.'
Getting on at her, meaning that they cared; but he thought that they could not quite care enough, not if they left their daughter to her wayward habits.
'They don't want me to grow up, but I already have.'
'Yes.' He could see that she had grown up, physically, her thighs were full and firm and her breasts like quilted cushions. 'Yes, you have.'
'So why don't they treat me like an adult?'
She squirmed on the settee as she spoke, she was facing him and he saw the short skirt of her school uniform ride up her thighs. It was then that he felt his loneliness hurt.
'Okay if I use the bathroom?' she asked, some time later.
'Of course,' he told her. 'You know where it is.'
First floor, first door on the right. He watched her cross the room, saw the not quite subtle twitching of her buttocks and could picture it still, even more exaggerated, as he heard her climb the stairs. He suddenly felt the need to be alone, felt uncomfortable at having his young niece in the house with him. On an impulse he went to the phone and rang Brian Hainstock, an old friend, a regular squash partner.
'Fancy a quick game?' he invited.
'Sorry, Robert, no can do. We have a dinner engagement tonight. Later in the week perhaps.'
He tried another number, another friend, suggested a few holes of golf while the evening was still light.
No, too short notice.
So many of his friends were married, too tied to a wife and family to be able to respond to spontaneous invitations; their lives were strictly timetabled, appointments had to be made in advance. It was a constricting life, but one that he sometimes envied.
Some fifteen minutes had passed since the first phone call, he realised that Lucy was still in the bathroom and went to the foot of the stairs.
'Lucy!' he called. 'Are you alright?'
There was no answer. He climbed the stairs and knocked on the bathroom door.
'Lucy?' He heard the sound of running water. 'Lucy? What are you doing?'
'Having a shower.'
'You're what-? What do you think you're up to? Get out of there now!'
He heard her laugh as he stamped back down the stairs.
Damn girl! What did she think she was playing at?
She followed him into the sitting room some minutes later. Though she was clothed, she was still wet, her hair dripped down her back and her blouse was damp against her body.
'You haven't dried yourself,' he said.
She grinned, plucked at the clinging cotton of her blouse. It was sucked back, moulding itself against her breast, when she released it; her nipples showed clearly through the dark wet fabric.
'What are you playing at?' he asked; it was all he could think to say.
'I do need a rub down, don't I?' she smirked.
He was sat forward, on the edge of the armchair, and she walked towards him, one hand at the buttons of her blouse. He never saw her undo them, for he was distracted by the other hand, its knuckles grazing his mouth as she stood before him, still wet, perfumed with soap, puckered fingertips touching the soft flesh of his lips.
'Lucy,' he said.
Stop this, he wanted to tell her, he needed to move away from her but did not, he remained there with his gaze fixed ahead, staring at where her blue skirt nipped her waist.
'Come on, Uncle Bobby,' she said, her arms going around him as she sat astride his lap, her thighs clamping his, her hands pulling him towards her bared damp breast. 'Come on, I promise I won't tell anyone.'
No?
He could not believe her, but the mistrust he felt made no difference to the way his body responded.
And now?
He had not seen her since, not until today, he had avoided visiting his sister's home because of her. Theresa had accused him of snobbery and neglect, as she periodically did, as she had often done during the many years of nursing their mother; they had not spoken with each other for weeks, not until the phone call of that morning.
So had Lucy said anything of what had happened between them? He thought it unlikely. If Theresa had learned what had happened she would have been around to confront him directly. What was the reason for Lucy leaving home, then? Was she pregnant, perhaps? This was often the reason for a young girl running away. If she was, then it was not by him. He remembered how she had laughed at him, when he had warned her of the need for precautions, and used her hands on him, her mouth and her thighs, used every part of her body to bring him to orgasm without penetration.
The young bitch. She had more talents than the most accomplished concubine, she had caused him weeks of torrid dreams. And now there was the nightmare, the worry. He might not be guilty, but she could easily blame him; she had no scruples.
He crossed the floor and sat in an easy chair, as far from the window as the confines of the room would permit; from there he could see only the intricate pattern of lace superimposed like a stencil on the more real world beyond, a screen which kept out the world and might well have been the template by which that self-same world had been composed, a disjointed collection of fragments bound together by only the most fragile of designs. Any pattern there might be was beyond his comprehension, any purpose escaped him.

CHAPTER 9: DENISE

'Will you still need me,
when I'm 64...?'

Denise had noticed Mr McAndrews' jocular mood slip as he led her from the 'Copper Kettle', his good humour fading even as they crossed the car park to the administration block. In one respect this was a relief to her, for the joke he had made about taking her away before Mr Kite could make a grab for her had been a little too close to the knuckle and had troubled her, as if in some way he suspected the secret which she had kept close to her heart for so long. Mr McAndrews in a grave mood was equally as unsettling, though, perhaps because such occasions were rare. When that switch of temper came, it always came unexpectedly, was sudden and without any apparent reason. Entering the building, taking the lift to the sixth floor and then passing through to the architect's department, all jokes were forgotten as he grumpily set her about her work, giving her suppliers to contact and letters to dispatch and a host of other tasks to deal with. All without a smile, when usually he was such fun to work for.
Perhaps the calls were at the root of it, the phone calls she had been taking from his sister all morning.
Perhaps.
What made the mood of a person change so easily? How could the attitude of one person to another alter so markedly in so short a time? It was a question Denise frequently pondered, especially in view of the way her own attitude to her one-time fiancé, Michael, had altered in recent months.
On no occasion during the time they had known each other had Michael been unkind or unfaithful to her, not once during the five years of their courtship; he still maintained that he loved her, and she believed him, she knew him well enough to realise when he was telling the truth. The problem, she thought, was that he did not need her, and this alone could negate all the love he had ever felt for her.
Denise came from a large family, she grew up with three young brothers, and there was an older brother and sister who had left home while she was still an infant. From her earliest years she had known Michael, first of all as a near neighbour, then as a classmate as they progressed from primary through junior to secondary school; their courtship she dated as beginning on her sixteenth birthday, when her family gave her a party to which more neighbours and relations had been invited than friends; the end of the courtship she would date, for the sake of convenience, as coinciding with her twenty first birthday.
It was typical of both the family and the community that these two congregations should predominate at her sixteenth birthday party, for the life of each was such a closely knit thing, neighbours and relations were the greatest friends of all and the size of the family was more conducive to close camaraderie than to argument and rivalry. If there was ever any confidence to be shared, or a problem to be considered, it was always more natural to turn to a brother or sister or parent than to a school friend; if there was gossip to exchange or advice to be sought, then this was what neighbours were for. The people met at school, if they fell into neither of these two categories, were for company, entertainment perhaps, but rarely for confidences; they seldom encroached upon Denise's life after school hours, for there was simply no room for them.
It was as a neighbour, then, rather than as a school friend, that Michael was invited to her sixteenth birthday celebration. The party was held in the upper room of the 'Silverwell' pub, a favourite place with the family and its circle of neighbours; weddings, christenings, funerals, all the major events in the life of the family had been commemorated there -and many minor events, too, it has to be said, for such a large family could find cause for celebration in the slightest excuse. The party being much like others, then, it might almost have been no occasion at all for Denise. On two counts, though, it proved to be memorable; firstly her father treated her to a glass or two of lager, as if to say that henceforth she would be treated as an adult, and secondly she was kissed by Michael, quite deeply, as if to confirm that she was now developing into an attractive young woman. The kiss was in secret, of course, and the drink not quite within the letter of the law, but the significance of these two events had all the impact of a public proclamation that she had at last become an adult.
The family, ever a part of her life, approved wholeheartedly of Michael, though they might not have if they had been aware of that first furtive kiss; kisses, they assumed, would come later, after they had been a witness to the maturing of the childhood friendship. Michael was a sensible, level-headed boy, as any one of a host of neighbours could affirm, sufficiently intelligent to prosper but not so smart that he would ever nurture ideas above his station; he was an acceptable boyfriend for the present, and God willing, would be a creditable husband in the future.
Michael quickly became one of the family, even before the engagement. Denise, being the eldest of the children still living at home, was often given charge of her three younger brothers, and Michael would always help her fulfil her duties. They would go to the park or the fair, the five of them like a small family in themselves; or, when Denise cooked tea if her mother was at work, Michael would play with the boys like a father. There was little time to be alone in their early years together. Perhaps Denise's mother saw to that, while she was considering Michael's suitability as a boyfriend, or perhaps it was inevitable, the family being so large and the neighbourhood such a compact unit. Whatever the reason, there was little entertainment for them outside the home; they were both still at school and had little money to spend. There were occasionally walks together, which cost nothing, usually by the canal which was one of the few places where they could be free of neighbours and relatives. Then, if they were spied strolling hand in hand, the blissful and serene smiles on their faces might have suggested a young couple who had momentarily escaped the tumult of family life, with the kids put to bed and the tea things tidied away, the whole world to themselves.
In Denise's smile there was also love. Michael was the only boy she had known, other than her brothers, but she was satisfied; there was no need for her to shop around, as she noticed some girls do, as if a boyfriend was something to be paraded on the arm with a pride which could not be love, then discarded in favour of someone more suited to the colour of one's hair or the cut of one's clothes. Denise could not understand such an attitude, when she held onto Michael's arm it was because she wanted him and he wanted her; there was no pride in her manner, only contentment.
Both Denise and Michael stayed on at school in the sixth form, by which time their relationship had become so well-established that they were almost looked up to by their classmates, regarded as figureheads, symbols of permanence and stability and common sense. Other girls were often teased about their affairs, asked 'What do you see in him?' or 'You're not going out with that one, are you?' Never Denise. She and Michael could not be imagined apart, neither of them ever showed signs of considering another partner and the question of an engagement was taken very much for granted. After the sixth form they would both find work; 'A' levels would be the limit of their academic careers, college out of the question. This was what the family meant when they observed that Michael would never nurture ideas above his station; college or university was for middle class children. Just as it was assumed that they would find employment after the sixth form, so it was assumed that, once they had settled jobs and regular incomes, they would start saving for marriage. Seventeen going on eighteen was a sensible age to become engaged; rings sparkled on many fingers, during the last two terms of the upper sixth.
The engagement party, predictably, was held in the 'Silverwell'. There were rather more friends invited this time, for her father insisted that it was an occasion for the younger folk, said that it marked the end of youth and the beginning of a truly adult life. Denise's mother cried when he explained that their daughter was now moving away from the family, that she was forging a new life and making new friends and it was only natural that these should be invited.
Denise and Michael shyly accepted the congratulations and the gifts which were offered, blushed at the occasional teasing remark and smiled bashfully at each other. They were then separated, when the party gained momentum and divided into two factions, Michael joining the men who drank and celebrated, Denise joining the women who drank and deliberated, older women remembering their ancient engagements while younger ones anticipated their own future chances. It was not the way Denise would have chosen to mark the occasion, and from time to time she looked across to Michael, who was seated with her father and his father and a crowd of uncles; she wished that they could be alone, walking by the canal or sitting in a room lit only by a glowing coal fire. It was traditional, though, for a celebration to take such a course, and she had witnessed many times before the way that the sexes parted, then came together later, like a natural ebb and flow. So, she accepted it.
What she did not approve of, though, was her brothers being among the boisterous group of men, and especially not the youngest two. James, the youngest of all, was only thirteen, and she knew that as the men drank more so one or two would offer drinks to him; she knew, too, that James would accept, pretending that he was a grown man.
Sure enough, at a later point in the evening, Denise saw her youngest brother's face grow pale, his hand go up to his mouth as he elbowed his way through the crowd to run from the room and down the stairs. As she followed she made some comment to her father in passing, words to the effect that he ought to have known better, and he laughed, his face bright and glowing.
'There you are, Michael me lad,' he chuckled. 'I said our Denise would be the one to keep you in your place, didn't I?'
What Michael answered, Denise did not quite catch.
James was on the front step of the pub when she found him, his head between his knees and a pool of vomit at his feet.
'Gerroff!' he groaned, when she laid a hand on his shoulder.
James tried to lift his head but she forced it down and he threw up again. He struggled, then, but she held him firmly until the vomiting subsided, then helped him to his feet and along the street towards home. He continued to struggle, feebly, and to protest between bouts of retching, but she managed to get him home and into bed. His refusal of her help, which he would once have readily accepted or even asked for, she put down to his condition rather than his age.
Following the engagement party things returned to normal and the fact that they were a little more committed to each other seemed to make little difference to their lives; they returned to school, completed their sixth form studies and sat their exams. Following a brief summer holiday -the whole family, Michael included, went to Abergele for a week- they started work, Michael for the housing department and Denise for Magee's brewery. In each case the 'A' levels they had gained signified little other than the fact that they were reasonably intelligent and prepared to work; the qualifications were of little use in preparing them for their duties and both had to attend night school to learn more pertinent skills. As Denise became more proficient in typing and shorthand she gained promotion, progressed from a general dogsbody who made coffee and ran errands to a secretary of sufficient competence that she was able to handle more responsible tasks. She enjoyed the work, which grew more interesting with each promotion; she had not been especially ambitious at the outset, for it had been a job and no more, but slowly she became more involved in the work, doing more than was asked of her, more than was necessary to justify her wage. Michael could not understand this; work was something to be suffered when the pressure was on and enjoyed only when the demands were few. His afternoon and evening at the technical college he saw as a respite from work rather than an extension of it, a break in an otherwise humdrum routine rather than a means of bettering oneself. Denise tried to make him understand that it was by bettering oneself that the routine could be made more interesting, but he seemed unable -or unprepared- to accept this.
These conflicting attitudes did not worry their relationship, though; there might be a difference of opinion, but there was no argument, and they still loved each other as before. What did begin to trouble Denise was the lack of dependence on her, the slow realisation that fewer and fewer people seemed to need her. This she could trace back to the night of the engagement party. It was not such much that Michael had needed the company of men rather than the nearness of her; this she had been able to excuse on the grounds of tradition and the nature of the occasion. No, it was rather the behaviour of James, her youngest brother, the way he had shrugged off her help, not, as she had first thought, because he was sick, but because he was growing, because he had grown and had become independent and no longer felt the need of her help. She had become so accustomed to ministering to the needs of her three younger brothers that the sudden realisation that they no longer needed her seemed to deprive her of purpose; they had leant on her for so long, like saplings in need of support, but now they could stand quite firmly on their own and she was like a useless appendage, outgrown and unnecessary. This maybe explained her increasing involvement with her work. What else could she do? Wait for her parents to grow old, for them to need her as her brothers had once done? But there was an older brother and sister, more established in life, more capable of taking on the responsibility of ageing parents. She could offer her help, but it would be superfluous. There was Michael, of course, her fiancé and soon to be her husband; he would need her, when she became his wife, but he did not need her for the moment. She sensed this; that he loved her, yes, but he did not need her.
At work and at college Michael had made new friends. Obviously there had been friends at school, but their company had never seemed important to him; he was a sociable sort, popular even, but it was always to Denise that he returned, time and time again, at each free moment of the day and always in the evening. His new friends seemed to mean rather more. Perhaps it was that she spent too much time apart from him, necessarily, because of their separate jobs. Perhaps it was that he now had money to spare, and was able to afford more sophisticated entertainments than the simple walks by the canal, which had become less and less frequent, generally restricted to Sunday afternoons when everywhere but the church was closed and there was little else to do.
Whatever the reason, Denise was concerned, and the fact that she was unable to share her concern with Michael compounded the problem; had she confided in him he most probably would have laughed, for his attitude to her had changed so slightly that it would have been unnoticeable to anyone else. For this same reason she was unable to speak to her parents; in their eyes Michael was as desirable a husband and son-in-law as ever. If he had behaved badly towards her things would have been easier, the matter could have been discussed and most probably resolved; he was, after all, a sensible and level-headed young man. His behaviour could not be faulted, though; if he went for a drink with his friends, as he did on Tuesdays after college and on Fridays after being paid, he behaved impeccably. The young men he drank with might wink and nudge each other and eye the girls, but not him; Denise had been told as much and saw no reason to disbelieve. When Michael and his friends drank, there was always one who supped too much, but it was never him; she had the word of the neighbours on that, that he always walked home as sober as a judge.
Faithful, sober, hard working if not exactly enthusiastic. Could she ask for more?
Yes.
She wanted him to need her.
In her mind need and love became confused, became one, and, unfairly at first but then with greater conviction, she reasoned that if Michael did not need her then he did not love her. By this time, just turned twenty years of age, her progress at work had taken her to the architect's department on the sixth floor, not actually a promotion but a position with more specific duties, demanding rather more initiative on her part. The atmosphere there was less disciplined, the mood more informal than in other departments, and she quickly made friends; Mr McAndrews, the top man in the department, Mr Henderson, Mr Kite and the rest were like one large family, her family. Business might drive them all, they were there to succeed, but there was a creativity too, a pooling of ideas, and even she, as junior as she was, was asked her opinion. She was hesitant at first, when asked for her views, but soon overcame her reticence, learned to speak out, and then even to argue her case. In any of the other offices she had worked in this would have been seen as insubordination, but in the architect's department it was demanded of her. She once again came to feel that she was needed.
As her twenty first birthday approached, and with it the inevitable celebration at the 'Silverwell', she came to realise that work, and the people there, meant more to her than Michael did; they at least appreciated her and made her feel that she was needed. Michael did not. And yet, at that celebration, she knew that they would be expected to announce a date for their marriage. They had been engaged for three years and her mother was growing impatient, was of the opinion that once a girl passed twenty one then she was beyond marrying age. Any anticipation of her birthday was clouded, then, by the fear of breaking the engagement on the one hand and, on the other, the fear of committing herself even further to a person who might love her but did not need her.
Denise had learned to speak her mind, working with the people in the architect's department had taught her to have the courage to say what she felt. It surprised everyone, then, family and neighbours and especially Michael, surprised and stunned the assembled crowd when her father, standing unsteadily to call attention to an announcement, was suddenly silenced by his daughter's slow timorous shake of the head. People calling for a date, asking when the happy day was to be, caught sight of her expression, and they, too, fell silent. Seeing her mother raise an eyebrow, wordlessly asking for an explanation, Denise softly said that there would be no wedding, that there was no longer an engagement, stood there with her head bowed, waiting for pandemonium to break loose about her.
There were a couple of embarrassed chuckles, from those who thought it might be a joke, but otherwise nothing; no rebukes, no remonstrations, just silent disbelieving glances.
As her brother James had done at her earlier party, his stomach heaving with drink he should never have taken, she ran from the room, her own stomach churning because of promises she should never have made. On the step of the pub, just as he had done, she sat down, her whole body trembling, her head between her knees taking breath after breath of cold night air. She wanted someone close to her, to comfort her as she had comforted James, but she could not imagine who that person might be. She had seen only a speechless anger in her mother's eyes, humiliation and disgust; her father had seemed confused, both by what had happened and by the the drink he had taken; Michael, he had shown no reaction at all. If, as she believed, Michael did not need her, then she could not rely on him for help. She remained on the step, though there was a great danger that if anyone came to her side it would be to offer her a good hiding rather than a word of comfort; she did not run away, she was prepared to accept the consequences of her action.
Her name spoken softly, in a voice she did not immediately recognise, caused her to look up. It was Mr Kite, she thought, though the face of the figure was indistinct, cast in shadow by a street-lamp behind, the bright tungsten light like a halo making the grey hair shine. He crouched down, in his hand a small parcel, brightly wrapped and neatly tied with ribbon.
'Happy birthday,' he said. 'You crept from the office so sneakily we didn't have a chance to give you your present.'
Denise laughed through her tears, touched by the consideration he had shown. 
'Hey, I'm sorry it's late but there's really no need to cry over it,' he joked.
His kind good humour caused her tears to flow all the faster.
Mr Kite helped her to her feet and asked her what was wrong. She looked along the deserted street, then up to the brightly lit rooms above. He took her by the arm, sensing that she would prefer to move away from the public house, they crossed the road and took a narrow path down to the canal.
Denise explained -not very clearly, she thought- went over the events of the evening, simple enough to relate n themselves but confused by the jumble of reasons and doubts which had gone before. She said more than she intended to, shared more confidences than she had at any other time, with any person other than family, delving deeper and deeper into the past until she found herself remembering her childhood and making Mr Kite laugh with her memories of those early days. Present troubles, as they were itemised, seemed to diminish, and she too was able to laugh, though not at anything Mr Kite said, for he said very little.
Mr Kite listened, sympathetically. He was a kind man, not exactly old though he was the oldest in the department, calmer than the rest, less effervescent than some and less nervous than others, always steadfast and reliable like a rock. As they sat at the lock gates, the still black waters of the canal mirroring the moon and the scudding clouds, she drew comfort from his presence, rested her shoulder against his and appreciated his sure, solid support. She sniffed back the last of her tears, some now of laughter as well as of sadness, and smiled at him. He was the man she should have met, not Michael. He would no doubt maintain that he was too old for her, he was retiring soon, but she knew that it was an early retirement. She knew a great deal about him, as she did about the rest of her colleagues; being secretary to them made that unavoidable. Mr Kite was fifty four years of age, he was unmarried, and he lived -she faced away from her home- over there.
Denise did not want to go home that night, but Mr Kite persuaded her. Her parents would worry, he said. They would also rant and rave, but that had to be faced; they might even refuse to have her in the house, which she almost hoped for, for then Mr Kite could have taken her home with him.
There were arguments with her parents, as she expected, and heated discussions, and because of the necessity of these, and the demands that she offer some sort of explanation, her presence in the house was tolerated. She could offer no explanation, of course, at least none which might be understood; her decision was vindicated, though, she was sure of this when the one person who never asked for an explanation proved to be Michael. There were no questions at all from him, he simply avoided her.
Just as it was difficult to suffer a man who did not need her, so it proved impossible to live with a family who merely tolerated her, with a mother and father who despised her for what she had done but who kept their umbrage to themselves. So eventually she moved, found a small flat of her own which was far enough away for her to break all ties. The only thing she had then was her work, and the people there who needed her.
The kindness and compassion of Mr Kite was not forgotten; in fact, in her mind it became exaggerated from that moment on. He frequently asked after her well-being, he alone among those she worked with knew the reason for her move from home. At first she was concerned primarily with finding some way to repay his kindness, giving him priority when her services at the office were in demand and so forth, but slowly she came to see that here was a man who might truly need her. There was a slightly worn appearance about him at times, a frayed cuff or a collar, a button missing, it was plain that he needed someone to look after him and she took this responsibility upon herself; she would persuade him to bring a shirt into work the following day and repair it in her lunch break, would darn the worn elbow of a pullover or take a jacket of his to be dry-cleaned. Meals together followed, she would invite him to her flat for dinner, would later visit his home and cook a meal for him there; he would reciprocate by taking her out to a restaurant.
If, as she suspected, Mr Kite was regarding retirement with foreboding, Denise, for her own particular reasons, looked forward to it eagerly; her heart wept when she saw his mood deteriorate as the day came closer, but also leapt excitedly in anticipation.

CHAPTER 10: RITA

'Got the bill and Rita paid it,
Took her home I nearly made it,
Sitting on a sofa with a sister or two...'

Rita's sisters were worried.
'This Dougie bloke is a nasty piece of work from what I've heard,' said Gillian, stacking the dishes by the side of the sink. 'There isn't a girl in the sixth form who doesn't know what he's like.'
Brenda nodded her agreement as she passed the dishes to her sister. 'And it isn't just schoolgirls, either; he's had girls of his own age, women old enough to be his mother, even married ones from what I've been told.'
'And not one of them with a kind word to say for him.'
'No, not once he's dumped them.'
'They might love him while they're with him, but afterwards they'll all agreed that he's an absolute rat.'
'A pig.'
Hearing footsteps approach the kitchen, they fell silent; as Rita entered, however, the slight smile playing across her lips suggested that she had heard at least some of their conversation, or could guess at the topic. She made no comment, simply said, 'I've cleared the table and tidied the sitting room. Can I leave you two to finish here?'
They nodded silently and Rita smiled, first at Gillian and then at Brenda. Brenda was the elder of her two sisters, Gillian the prettiest. As for herself, eight years older than one and twelve years older than the other, she sometimes felt more like a mother than a sister; she did now, looking over their shoulders to check that the washing-up was being done. She was about to apologise for her watchfulness, but then checked herself; tonight she wanted the house especially neat.
'Have either of you got anything planned for tonight?' she asked.
'Homework,' said one, the younger.
'I'm washing my hair,' said the other, Brenda.
Rita understood, they intended keeping an eye on her, and it amused her to see them show so much concern; concern had been her prerogative for so many years, ever since the death of their parents.
'You'll finish off, then, while I get ready?'
'We will,' Brenda answered, for the two of them.
Footsteps retreated, clicking across the kitchen floor; then, cushioned by carpet, they could be heard along the hall and up the stairs. Floorboards creaked in the rooms above, hot water was heard gushing in the bathroom.
'How can she?' asked Brenda, rinsing the final pieces of crockery and handing them to her sister. 'What does she see in him?'
'He's good looking, there's no denying that,' Gillian conceded.
'But she must know what he's like. And she's never been one to be fooled by appearances; she's too sensible.'
It was true, Rita had always been the most level-headed of them all, even before their parents died but ever more so afterwards. Rita had been eighteen at the time, the younger girls aged ten and six, and the responsibility for their care and upbringing had fallen to her. She had not been able to afford to be anything but level-headed.
'Perhaps she doesn't know what he's like,' Gillian ventured.
'She must do. Everyone does.'
'But our Rita isn't 'everyone'. She's someone special.'
'I know that.'
'What I mean is that she's spent most of her life looking after us,' Brenda continued. 'She might have the edge on us in years, but she hasn't got our experience. She might have done a good job looking after us, but I doubt that she can look after herself, not when she's up against a wolf like Dougie.'
They finished their chores in the kitchen and went to the sitting room, thinking that they might enjoy its comforts for a while, suspecting that neither of them would be welcome there later, when 'he' arrived. They sat side by side on the settee, arms folded and legs stretched out before them. Both were tall and slim, it was a family trait, and if Brenda was less pretty than Gillian then she was only marginally so. It was only by unfair comparison with Gillian that her eyes might seem a little too small, her lips a little too full; if Gillian had been a little less perfect, then they would both have been seen as equally handsome young women.
Rita, too, was an attractive woman, though just how attractive had perhaps been hidden by the role she had taken upon herself, these past eleven years, of mother and provider. Recently, though, she had started to blossom again, at first to the delight of her sisters and then to their consternation.
'Rita's not-' Brenda struggled for the appropriate word. '-she's not loose, she's not flighty.'
'Certainly not!'
'So I can't understand how someone like Dougie can be drawn to her. He can take his pick of anyone.'
'Of anyone but us two,' Gillian was quick to say.
'Quite. But why pick Rita?'
'Why not? She's pretty.'
'But not obviously so, not so you'd notice, in an eye-catching way. She could be if she set her mind to it, I suppose, but she isn't. I think we've kept her too occupied for her to let people see just how pretty she is.'
'We didn't do that intentionally.'
'No, but we have kept her busy. She's had no time for anything but looking after us, getting us off to school, bringing in the wage to keep us, doing everything Mum and Dad used to do.'
Gillian remembered. Being only six years old when Rita had taken over the dual role of mother and father, her obligation to their elder sister was the greater. Brenda had been ten years old and had grown up quickly, had needed care and attention but not to the same degree that Gillian had. Gillian's debt was one which would take a lifetime to repay.
'Well I think she deserves a bit of happiness.'
Brenda was in agreement. 'So do I, and that's why I'm worried. I don't think she's going to find it with... with...'
Her voice trailed off.
Gillian understood. It was difficult to find a word which adequately described Dougie, a title which would both dismiss him as a person and acknowledge him as a danger.
The television, which had been on all this time, held their gaze but not their attention. Brenda could vaguely recall the national news ending and the regional news beginning, but could remember none of the featured items; she switched off the set and swivelled in her seat to face Gillian.
'Do you think we should do something?'
Gillian gave a shrug of the shoulders. 'Is there anything we can do?'
'Warn her about him, perhaps?''Would she listen?'
'Yes, she's always listened to us.'
'But would it have any effect?'
'At least we'd have done our duty, whether it did or not.'
'It isn't a question of doing our duty, we're not considering all this just to ease our conscience. We have to help Rita. The important thing is that she shouldn't be hurt.'
Brenda grinned, her eyes growing smaller as her cheeks ballooned. 'You know, sis, I sometimes think that you've been blessed with the oldest head of the three of us. Come on, let's go and reason with her.'
Flattered by the praise, Gillian got enthusiastically to her feet and led the way from the room. As the two of them climbed the stairs, however, her pace slackened, her enthusiasm waned and she began to jockey for position with her sister, trying to fall back to let the elder one lead the procession into the bathroom. They jostled and elbowed and urged each other on, met shoulder to shoulder in the doorway of the bathroom, giving the impression that they were wedged there.
'It's taken you long enough!' Rita laughed, from the steam-filled room, while they dallied at its door. 'Well, now that the deputation is here I suppose it had better come in.'
Each pushing the other, they fell through the door together.
'The deputation?' asked Gillian.
'What do you mean?' said Brenda.
The swirling mists and perfumed clouds dispersed a little, and from her tub of foaming suds Rita smiled up at her two sisters. Though wet, her hair lost little of its curl; a few stray strands plastered themselves to her forehead and neck, but the bulk was as thick and luxurious as ever.
Her hair, thought Gillian, that must be what caught his eyes.
Rita's smile broadened, to say that she understood and appreciated the concern she sensed. 'I've played the mother so long, worrying and scolding and keeping an eye on you two, that I can't help but notice when you start doing the same thing.'
Her smile, thought Brenda, that's what attracted him.
'It might be worry,' Rita went on, 'or it might be disapproval, but Dougie coming here tonight has got you both on edge, hasn't it?'
Neither sister bothered to contradict her, Brenda sat on the toilet seat and Gillian moved towards the laundry basket.
'Not on there,' Rita warned, and Gillian moved to the firmer but lower support of the bathroom scales. 'Now, you're both fretting because Dougie's coming round. Right?'
'Do you blame us?' said Gillian, and from her crouched position she seemed to be sulking.
'Give me your reasons and then I'll tell you if I blame you or not.'
In turn, as slowly and reasonably as they knew was required, they listed Dougie's faults, repeated tales they had been told which made him out to be a thoroughly disreputable character. Rita listened patiently and attentively, nodding or shaking her head as she saw fit, never once protesting or interrupting. The water was growing lukewarm by the time her sisters had finished, but there was no evidence that she suffered any discomfort.
'Now, isn't that cause to worry?' said Gillian, by way of conclusion.
'Yes,' Rita admitted. 'But only if all you say is true.'
'But it is!'
'Every word!'
'I only have your say-so, though, and you only have the say-so of others.' Rita raised a dripping hand to halt any protests, her fingertips pink and puckered. 'I've never seen any of these faults you mention.'
'No one does, no one notices Dougie's faults while they're in his company,' said Brenda.
'While they're infatuated,' said Gillian.
'But once he's ditched them, that's when people realise what he's really like.'
'Don't you think-' Rita began, then looked at the tepid water lapping against her stomach, as if only just noticing that it had lost its warmth. 'Look, do you mind if I get out of here before we carry on?'
She stood up, shaking her arms like a swimmer on the edge of the pool, about to take the plunge, then stepped from the bath. One sister draped a towel around her while the other pulled out the plug.
'Will one of you rinse the bath out after?' Rita asked, as they went with her to the bedroom.
Rita's was the master bedroom, their parents' room, and the sight of the old fashioned bed -like a vaulting horse it had seemed, when they were children- exacerbated the fears of the two younger sisters. What might happen in that room, if they were unable to dissuade Rita?
Rita sat before the ancient dressing table, its three angled mirrors giving a front view of her face and two profiles, and briskly towelled her hair. Brenda and Gillian waited like acolytes, one to either side, until she had finished; then both stepped forward at once, fingers extended, having points to make.
'You look just like a double act!' Rita laughed, letting the towel drop to the floor and proceeding to brush her hair. 'I say! I say! I say!'
'This is no laughing matter,' Brenda complained.
'No, I can see that from your faces.'
'Rita! We care!'
'Yes, I know you do.' She gave them a kind smile. 'Now as I was about to say, before the bath water went cold, don't you think that after all the common sense I showed in bringing you two up I'm hardly likely to lose it so suddenly, over a matter of weeks, all because of one man? Wouldn't you expect me to behave more sensibly than that?'
'Every other girl he's been out with thought she was being sensible, too,' Gillian pointed out. 'They all ended up the same, though, heartbroken and bitter.'
'But not me,' said Rita with conviction.
'What about his past?'
'The past is past. He may have been a bit of a lad, as you say, but no one's perfect. I was a bit footloose and fancy free, before I became a mother to you two. And now,' she said, bending forward to plug in the hairdryer, 'if you'll let me get ready.'
The noise from the hairdryer was loud enough to drown out any further arguments. In the three mirrors, as her sisters backed from the room, Rita saw them speaking with their eyes, silently, wordlessly, as conspiratorial as they had been as youngsters.
'Don't think of trying any adolescent pranks!' she called after them. 'You know me! They won't work!'
Yes, they knew, any extreme action on their part would only galvanise her will, make her all the more determined; and her determination, when stirred, could be a formidable thing. All they could do was make themselves available, make their presence felt and hope that it would serve as a deterrent against any recklessness. What recklessness, exactly, they could not say, but they would be around, prepared for any eventuality.
Gillian applied herself half-heartedly to some homework which could have waited until the following week, interrupting it every few minutes on a variety of pretexts; to get a drink from the kitchen, to get a book from her room, patrolling the house as if its security was her sole responsibility. Brenda, claiming to be waiting for the water to reheat so she could wash her hair, sat at the top of the stairs -a favourite childhood refuge of hers- and gazed fixedly at the front door. Only Rita seemed to be at ease, but primarily because of the edginess of the other two; had they not been there to distract her, she too might have been agitated by the prospect of Dougie's visit.
The victim of a multitude of thoughts, Rita was only half dressed in bra and panties, deliberating over what to wear, when the doorbell rang. She was about to shout for someone to answer it -thinking for a moment that both sisters might hide and pretend that there was no one at home- when footsteps shook the house, Brenda running downstairs to the door, Gillian hurrying from the kitchen to the sitting room and switching on the television.
Dougie was dressed casually, but looked smart, as though he had made a conscious effort, and he was smiling broadly as the door was opened. While one hand was held behind his back, the other clutched a bunch of flowers rather awkwardly.
'Flowers?' said Brenda, turning her back on him and walking through to the sitting room. She sat down beside Gillian and faked an interest in the television.
'For Rita,' said Dougie, following her into the room. He set them gently on the sideboard, then produced a box of chocolates from behind his back. 'And for her sisters...'
The girls both looked at him, to appraise him rather than to thank him, then turned back to the television. Seeing that they showed no sign of accepting the gift he offered, he placed the box of chocolates on the low coffee table before them and stepped carefully around it, to the only other upholstered seat in the room.
'May I?' he asked.
A brief shrug of the shoulders was the only answer. He sat in the armchair, hearing its tired springs protest at his weight, and Gillian shot him a quick glance, as if the noise had disturbed her concentration.
He smiled. 'Do you watch a lot of nature programmes?'
'Some,' said Gillian, without enthusiasm.
'And you're the one still at school?'
'I am.'
'Enjoying it?'
'Some.'
Brenda chanced a sidelong glance, while this brusque staccato conversation was in progress. He was a persistent so-and-so, she thought, with the patience of Job and the determination of Rita. Perhaps this was what they had in common; it was surely the only thing.
'And you? Brenda, isn't it?' said Dougie, seeing that her eyes had turned in his direction. 'You work, don't you?'
'I do,' she answered emphatically; then, more of a statement than a question, she said, 'You don't.'
'No, not at the moment. I'm between jobs, so to speak. You know how it is.'
'There's always work for people who want it.'
'It isn't always easy.'
Brenda gave an incoherent grunt, intended to say just how she felt towards malingerers, but it had little effect on his expression. He smiled at the two sisters, then at the television screen.
When the present programme closed, to be replaced by commercials, he asked, 'Rita is at home, I take it?'
'Upstairs, preparing herself,' said Gillian.
'Herself prepared,' announced Rita, appearing in the doorway. Beneath the make-up her skin seemed to glow, and the simple white dress she wore made her face even more radiant. She paused for a moment, as if to be appreciated, then entered the room. 'You've met my sisters? This is Brenda, and this is Gillian.'
He inclined his head towards them with a deference which mocked their cold reception. 'We've met.'
'Chocolates! Lovely!' said Rita, seeing the box on the table, but as she reached for it so Gillian snatched it away.
'They're for us,' she said, then frowned on realising that she had finally accepted his gift.
'Well open them, then.'
Gillian peeled off the wrapping and opened the box, then handed them around, too polite not to extend the offering to Dougie. Rita sat on the arm of the settee while she made her selection, then moved to the arm of Dougie's chair. Her sisters shuddered when they saw her drape her arm across the back, knowing that it was not just for support that she did this. Her fingertips brushed Dougie's shoulder.
'I brought you some flowers,' he told her, and she saw them, smiled, then kissed him on the cheek.
Brazen!
The girls shifted uncomfortably on the settee. Neither expected their elder sister to be chaste, untouched, unkissed; she was, after all, twenty nine years old. To kiss this man, though! And affectionately! It wasn't as though she wanted no more than a quick thrill and would be rid of him before morning!
The discomfort Rita was causing them seemed to fill her with great delight; gently she stroked Dougie's cheek with the back of her hand.
'Have you said anything to them?' she asked him.
'We've spoken about television, school, work-'
Rita gave him a playful punch on the shoulder, grinning broadly.
We have to put a stop to this, thought Brenda.
'You know what I mean,' said Rita. 'Have you mentioned anything to them?'
'I thought I'd wait until you came down,' he answered.
'But you did get it, though?'
He nodded, and they embraced. Gillian cringed and thought of ways in which she might make herself a wedge between them, to prise them apart before they could grow any closer.
'What is all this about?' Brenda demanded; she was as curious as she was perturbed, the secretive talk prompting her to pay a little more attention to the man who had invaded their privacy.
'Show them,' said Rita to Dougie.
'Shall I?'
'Yes!'
Slowly, deliberately, Dougie's hand went to his jacket pocket, halted there teasingly, then in one quick movement produced and opened a small red jeweller's box.
'A ring?' gasped Brenda.
'You're getting engaged?' asked Gillian.
'Oh no, more than that,' Rita smiled. 'Much more than that.'

CHAPTER 11: MR HENDERSON

'Nothing to say but it's okay,
Good morning, good morning...'

Derek Henderson had not intentionally missed Kite's farewell celebration, he had wanted to attend for he saw how much it meant to the old chap; he understood that a man's work was his life and that the acknowledgement of one's colleagues was the greatest tribute a person could receive. Come his own retirement, early or otherwise, Derek hoped that there would be plenty of people who respected him enough to attend. It was a momentous day, the end of one's working career, and had to be marked by some sense of occasion. What was there when it was over, for heaven's sake? A brief feeling of liberation, more often than not faked, the euphoria of the party and the goodbyes, then a long downhill slide. In the 'Copper Kettle' at lunchtime Kite had put on a brave face, a very brave face indeed, but Derek had detected the nervousness beneath, the realisation on the part of Kite that the bringing to an end of one's career was as much a landmark as the first faltering beginnings; both brought about a cataclysmic change in one's life. He was a good man, Kite, a creative man, perhaps he had a touch too much sentiment than was good for him but he had done well for the department nonetheless. He deserved a good send-off.
It had been one of those days, though, well organised in advance but fated to end in confusion, with little achieved and much left undone. The morning, which he had planned to spend on site, had been sent dealing with one hassle after another; fittings not dispatched, materials not available, bureaucrats dilly-dallying over the phone and hampering one project after another. And then there had been the phone calls for McAndrews passed on to him to deal with, McAndrews' sister panicking over a missing daughter. As if he needed someone else's problems on top of his own! He had intended being out of the office by ten, but was still there at lunchtime.
Anne had not helped matters, it was because of her that his carefully planned day had got off to such a slow start. She had been up late the previous night, closeted in the study, working, he supposed, though he could not think on what; she had no commissions in hand at the moment, so perhaps it was a project of her own, work for the sake of it. That was all well and good, he envied her the opportunity, but her late hours threw his whole schedule out. He had risen at his usual hour, she had slept in, and he would have coped quite well with making breakfast if only he had been able to find things. Nothing was where it should have been, though; he found cereal but no dishes, a loaf of bread but no knife to cut it with. She had been rearranging the place again. He called out or ran up the stairs any number of times to ask where each individual item might have found a new home. She answered him sleepily at first, then more testily as his frequent questions shook her awake.
'Leave it to me,' she finally said.
'It's alright, I can manage. Just tell me where the bread-knife is.'
She drew up her knees and kicked away the duvet, her limbs stretching as she crawled from the bed. 'You need more than toast and coffee,' she yawned. 'I'll get you a proper breakfast.'
'I'm in a rush,' he told her, looking at his watch.
'That's okay, I'll have you out of the house on time. You get your things together and leave it to me.'
He protested, she insisted, and he stamped off sulkily. She moved about as if in a dream, though no doubt she was as efficient as ever, gliding silkily along to the bathroom, then down to the kitchen where all the items which had eluded him came immediately to hand.
He sat at the kitchen table, packing things into his briefcase, watching her and wishing she would hurry.
'A three minute egg will do,' he said, as she poured cooking oil into the frying pan.
'I've started, so I'll finish,' she smiled, then shrugged when it was apparent that the joke was unappreciated. 'Magnus Magnusson,' she explained, dropping rashers of bacon into the spitting oil. 'He says that.'
'Anne-'
'I know. You're in a hurry.'
'Well I am!'
'It won't take long.'
But it seemed to take forever. When the plate was set before him he wolfed the food down, despite her warning that he would give himself indigestion, snapped his briefcase shut and stood, the chair scraping the floor, clicking his heels to attention. The whole kitchen seemed to reverberate with the impatient sounds he made.
'I'm off.'
'Really?' she grinned. 'I can't smell anything.'
He frowned. A joke was always her answer to his bad moods. He gave her a kiss which was more dutiful than affectionate, and left. He was sure he was late, but could not have been too late; his neighbour was in the adjacent drive. They exchanged their customary 'good morning' and climbed into their respective cars.
Derek enjoyed driving, he found it a pleasure rather than a convenience, and especially so now that he could afford a reliable car. The engine caught at the first turn of the ignition and its soft beat steadied his nerves, the gentle throb of the machine travelling through his body like a massage to placate his ill-humour. Even the wrecks he had driven, when motoring had not been such an expensive business, had afforded him more pleasure than pain, despite the bone-shaking rides and frequent breakdowns. They had been an escape, a means of getting away, and though the college he had attended in the Midlands had been about as far from the sea as a person was able to get he had always been able to make it to the coast, when the city became too stifling or college too confusing; driving through the night quite often, he had been able to clear his mind and refresh his spirit. It had always been the ride as much as the destination, rattling along the A5 in Anne's bright red Anglia which looked like a Toytown car, that was what swept the cobwebs away and revived his enthusiasm, the joy of the open road and the deserted streets.
There was little open road nowadays, though motoring was expensive people seemed prepared to make sacrifices in order to be able to afford it, but still he found driving relaxing, even when the traffic built up in the city centre and his progress was reduced to a lurching stop and start. His mood had calmed appreciably by the time he reached the brewery, he had made good time getting into the city and was not as late as he thought he might be.
But still the day refused to go according to plan. The mail, which he had hoped to be able to pass on to Denise to be acknowledged and filed away, presented one problem after another, necessitated one phone call after another, each involving an interminable wait and an inconclusive argument. And then there were the almost continuous interruptions of McAndrews' sister ringing, wondering where he was, where her daughter was. Everyone, it seemed, was doing their best to be a nuisance. He cursed all the people he had to deal with, he cursed Denise and he cursed his wife, but all his oaths were ineffective; by midday he had dealt with all the problems the morning had presented, but resolved very few of them.
'I thought you were going to Rainhill this morning?' said McAndrews, when he finally showed at the office, just before lunch.
'So did I,' Derek answered gruffly.
'Well?'
Derek explained briefly, about the problems with suppliers and contractors and the like.
'I hope you gave them a rocket,' said McAndrews, and waited for a smile. 'Stephenson, Rainhill. Get it?'
Derek nodded, forcing a grin. Of course he got the joke. He had been thinking about Stephenson's 'Rocket' and the old Rainhill trials for some weeks now, to the exclusion of everything else, mulling over tasteful ways of transforming a rather ordinary pub on that site into a commemoration of the event.
'And then there were the calls from your sister. Something about your niece going missing. Did Denise tell you?'
'Yes. A bit of a nuisance, that. I don't know what Theresa expects me to do.'
'Anyhow, I'll be on my way,' said Derek, but McAndrews suggested that he leave it until after lunch, then insisted, said there would be little achieved during a pub's busiest hours.
More time was wasted, then, having a drink and a sandwich at the 'Copper Kettle', congratulating Kite on his retirement and saying how much the old chap was to be envied. He was running hours behind his carefully prepared schedule when he eventually drove back out of the city.
It was getting on for two thirty by the time Derek reached the 'Railway Inn', soon to be renamed the 'Rocket', and though the lunchtime rush had finished he had no sooner fallen into discussion with the landlord than they were interrupted by the 'last orders' trade, the gluttons and the dipsomaniacs who crowded to the bar for a final drink or three before closing time. Then there was the hassle of persuading them to drink up and leave, the cajoling and directing of bar staff to clear the glasses and restock the shelves, and the invitation to have a leisurely drink before discussion recommenced.
Naturally, bearing in mind the way the day had gone so far, the discussion did not run as smoothly as Derek had hoped for. He pointed to walls which were to be removed, rooms which would be knocked into one, bars which would be shifted and ceilings lowered, and each suggestion was met with disapproval from the landlord. The clientèle comprised of local people, regulars, and they would never stand for such changes; the 'Railway' was a public house, not a steakhouse, and if it tried to be anything else it would lose its custom.
'Can't you just redecorate the place?' the landlord asked, looking anxiously about the bar as if it was suddenly going to tumble about his ears. 'The flock wallpaper's wearing thin,' he observed, 'and the paint's peeling. That's all it needs.'
Derek shook his head. He was doing his best to be patient, was merely informing the landlord of the brewery's intentions as a matter of courtesy; he was not asking for the landlord's permission, for in truth the landlord had no say at all in what happened to 'his' public house.
'Flock wallpaper? Well, I doubt if you could even buy the stuff these days,' he said, with a condescending smile. 'It's a little, er, out of date.'
'It's what my regulars like. It's tasteful, to their way of thinking.'
As plaster ducks on the wall might be, thought Derek, and portraits by Tretchikoff.
'Now see-'
He took artist's impressions from the portfolio he had brought with him, laid them out on a table like an oversize cribbage hand and set about trying to convince the landlord. Opening time came around again before he had finished, and even then the man had reservations.
'Couldn't we just-?'
Derek raised his hand to silence the man. 'Look, it's five o'clock, you've got customers and I should be getting back to the office. Let me just tell my superiors that you agree in principle, but there are one or two points still to be discussed.'
'Like that thing, I won't have that in my pub,' said the landlord, pointing to a sketch of Stephenson's 'Rocket', the finished article to be in relief, executed in copper and mounted over the bar.
'I'll mention it,' Derek promised, though he knew that the relief would go up whether the landlord liked it or not, and began to pack the drawings back into the portfolio.
'One for the road before you go?' the landlord invited, thinking he had won some small victory.
Derek shook his head, he really needed to be going, and he moved towards the door before the landlord could reach the beer pump.
It was rush hour again, but fortunately the traffic was leaving the city; the two lanes heading inward were relatively empty and he had only the traffic lights to slow him. There were many junctions along the East Lancs Road, and it was these which made it so dangerous. The first few lights were on green, but nearing Kirkby they caught him, flicking through to red and bringing him to a halt. To his left was the Crest Motel, to his right a service station. Waiting for the lights to change he remembered -how many years ago had it been?- picking up Keith Miller at that service station and giving him a lift back to college. They had both been home for the weekend to see their families, on opposite sides of the city, and as they drove back to the Midlands the one thing they both agreed on was that neither of them could ever live at home again. Liverpool was okay to visit, and they had fond memories of their childhoods there, but it was a part of the past; the future lay elsewhere. How different that future had proved to be for each of them.
Derek, the one who had been so fired by commitment, was now more concerned with commerce than with creativity, was directing his talents towards a superficial enhancement of the world to the detriment of the more eternal qualities which should concern an artist. It was Keith, who Derek had always thought less committed, who had remained faithful to the fine arts after college, when the going got difficult. Perhaps Derek had misjudged Keith, perhaps he had not known him well enough; whatever had been the case in the past, he had now come to respect his friend's integrity, to envy it even, and whenever he passed this same spot on the road he was mindful of the changes which the years had wrought. At times the junction seemed like a frontier to Derek, a barrier through which, if he paused, he might never be able to pass. It was as if there was a declaration demanded of him, that if he crossed this invisible boundary he had to undertake to continue as before, with a career which was prosperous but meaningless, leaving his integrity behind like contraband.
A horn blaring behind startled him. The lights had changed and he released the clutch, setting the car in motion even before he realised what he was doing. In the rear view mirror the service station receded, the road a grey ribbon tapering into the distance. The forecourt had been empty today, but quite often when he passed, especially in summer, there would be hitch-hikers lining the slip road. Then the temptation was great, to stop for one and then drive on, forever, wherever, beyond his intended destination. This urge was strongest whenever the pressures of work were greatest. Then he forgot about the hardship he had known as a student, the dismal flats he had lived in, alone at first and then with Anne; the flats they had shared did not seem quite so dismal at all in retrospect. At that time he had known no better surroundings, everything was brightened by the freedom and the independence of the art student life. He forgot, too, about the bouts of anguish which had periodically affected him, the worries occasioned by what now seemed to be inconsequential matters -the role of the artist, the meaning of his work, the difficulty of remaining true to one's beliefs. It was such worries, of course, which had led him to his present career; in his present work he was given a problem to solve, and that suited him. At college, studying the fine arts, he had not only to solve a problem but also to decide what it was beforehand, think of his own question before he could begin to formulate an answer. This was what had both tormented and delighted him; the freedom which he cherished could constrict the mind as much as it could liberate the spirit.
When he reached the office it was deserted but for the cleaners, and they had obviously been at work for quite some time, for the debris from Kite's farewell party had already been cleared away. He was sorry to have missed Kite, but supposed that he was sure to see him again sooner or later; he was certain to return on a visit eventually, in his boredom he would be unable to keep away.
He emptied the folio of drawings, returning them to a plan-chest, and then sat down for a moment, wearied by the day he had spent. The department he worked in reminded him very much of college, a little chaotic, exhibition boards and wall space covered with sketches and notes, samples and photographs. Only the work was different, and even that not much, when seen at a distance through half closed eyes. Perhaps the main difference was that now the work was so predictable, whereas at college there had been surprises and eccentricities to be seen in every direction.
But was that not what he wanted, predictability? Was that not what he had opted for when he had chosen his career? A life which was predictable, uncomplicated, all its issues cut and dried. Yes, of course, that was the secure way, and security was what he owed Anne.
Crossing the car park, the 'Copper Kettle' caught his eye, the warm glow of its windows burning in the twilight. Thinking that maybe Kite and the others were in there, prolonging the celebrations, he locked his briefcase in his car and walked over. There were one or two people in the bar, but none he recognised.
'Has anyone from the office been in?' he asked the landlord.
'Not since lunchtime, but then you were here, weren't you?'
Derek nodded, scanning the room once more.
'Are you having one while you're here?' asked the landlord.
'Yes, I suppose I may as well. It's been one of those days.'
'Rough?'
'Bloody. Everyone's done their best to be awkward today.'
He told of his meeting with the landlord in Rainhill, of the man's aversion to change, but as he spoke, considering their conversation in retrospect, his own arguments began to seem of little consequence, the reasons for them unimportant. What did it matter if his own proposals met with approval or not? Of what worth were they, these problems he was set? Some people would no doubt like the solutions he was offering, others would not. More certain than this division of opinion was the inevitability that there would come a time when these changes were forgotten, and with them also his work, his self. Frank Lloyd Wright was never remembered for his pub interiors, nor Le Corbusier, and even they, though remembered for other works, were frequently condemned and castigated, their worth diminished as standards changed. True worth lay in finer, less practical areas, in the art Keith practised perhaps, most certainly in the art of Picasso and his kin.
When Derek left the 'Copper Kettle' he decided against going directly to his car; his mood, he felt, was too expansive for the moment, too much in need of space to suffer the cramped shell of steel and glass. What he had always looked forward to on his trips from college, as much as the journey itself, was the space he found at journey's end, the expanse of the sea which he reached at dawn, the rolling hills or thundering mountains. There was little space in the city -the brief stretch of river to the Wirral beyond, or the dark streamers of sky above the office blocks- but what it offered would have to suffice. He took the shortest route he could through the city streets, quickly past the late office workers, fragrant young secretaries and lady executives whose rustling underskirts and elegant stockings almost distracted him a time or two, cut through narrow alleys down to the river which was pitch black and silent. The Irish ferry lay solid and motionless against the dock, as if a part of the land rather than afloat on the water, and across the river the smaller ferry from Birkenhead cut a luminous white wake through the water. He saw Keith as one of the larger vessels, a greater voyage ahead of him, while he himself was the ferry across the Mersey, ploughing back and forth from one side to the other, getting nowhere but there and back again.
He walked along the dock road, through the district where his parents had lived and he had been born. There were high-rise flats a half mile or so to his right, but around him were the same stubborn streets, rows of terraces which were crowded by the warehouses but still refused to be shifted. The brightest lights in each dim street were invariably those of the public houses, the ordinary places, the ones that he and McAndrews and the others at work rarely bothered with. Such places would be demolished this year or next year, they always reasoned, so all they needed to do was send along a couple of men to redecorate, there was little point in doing any more. Yet they were still standing after years of threats, places just like the 'Railway Inn' at Rainhill. He passed the pub where he had first tasted beer, as a fifteen year old in altar clothes taken there by an Irish parish priest; he passed the pub where he and a couple of school friends used to go as sixth formers, discussing letters and literature and thinking that they were the only ones there who knew that the portrait in the lounge was of Ben Jonson.
Without looking at his watch Derek knew that it was getting late; he thought that if he didn't change course soon it would be midnight before he was home. He took the next turning to the right, away from the river, and found himself walking towards his old school. Before he reached the gates, not knowing if the old structure still stood or not, he pictured it clearly in his mind; dirty red brick, a roof which made it look like a church, separate doors, like entrances to toilets, one marked 'Boys' and one marked 'Girls', the words cut into the stone lintels above each. It was still there, it had survived, and he realised that he had not been this way for so many years, not since his parents had died. He stood for a while before the wrought iron gates, looking first to confirm that all was as he remembered, then closing his eyes to people his memories with faces from the past.
'They won't let you in there, mister!' a young boy shouted, pedalling past on a bicycle.
'No! You're way too old!' said a girl, maybe the boy's sister, tottering after him on noisy roller skates.
Derek was embarrassed to have been caught like this, as if his defences were down and his thoughts exposed. Yet he did not want to go, not just yet. He looked around for some shadowy nook in which he could stand unseen, and on the opposite side of the street he saw a concrete bench, standing like a tomb on a patch of derelict ground where seeds had been sown but struggled to sprout. It was intended for the old folk of the neighbourhood, no doubt, and he felt old enough himself to make use of it, went across there and sat down to regard the school he had attended a frightening number of years ago.
As soon as he rested on the hard wooden slats he realised how weary he was, remembering what a terrible day it had been; so much effort, and all for nothing. The customary 'good morning' from his neighbour had been no more than an empty platitude. He found himself appraising his day, as though his efforts had to be assessed in marks out of ten.
Who could evaluate the merit in what he had done? McAndrews? No, only himself. And Anne, of course; her opinion counted, too.
What did Anne really think, he wondered, of the work he did and the life he had given them? She appreciated the comfort, he was sure, and the affluence suited her, it was what she deserved; she was, after all, his last link with college, the only thing he had managed to salvage from those days. There had been no affluence then, few comforts available other than their own company and the nearness of each other. Had they been closer? He wasn't sure, but he did know one thing, and that was that life had not been quite so predictable. That had excited him as much as her company, the promise of the future, the uncertainty. He could not speak for Anne, perhaps he no longer knew her quite as well as he once had, but as far as he was concerned it seemed that predictability had dulled his life, removed a spark which had once been so important. Why he should suddenly miss it, he didn't know. Perhaps its absence had been eating away at him for some time, and had finally found its way to his core.
Perhaps-
But were reasons so important? Was not reason the same thing as predictability? Should not reason be discarded if life was to regain its sparkle, if love was to be rekindled, if 'good morning' was to regain some meaning.

CHAPTER 12: ROBERT McANDREWS, ONE LAST TIME

'We're Sergeant Pepper's Lonely,
Sergeant Pepper's Lonely,
Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band...'

Eventually, inevitably, the city drew Robert McAndrews back; as dusk fell its lights blazed fiercely across the park, blinking hypnotically. Enough of thinking about the people there, enough of considering them from the sanctuary of his rooms; he was persuaded to join them regardless of their worth and despite their failings.
He swilled his face with cold water, brushed his teeth to take away the lingering taste of the wine he had drunk during the afternoon. Refreshed, he then changed his clothes, as if a change of costume might affect a change of character.
From the house he walked along the wide arcing avenue which bordered the park. The sun was setting and street lights cast dancing shadows at the feet of the joggers who passed him, shadows which first chased and then were chased themselves, circling around as they passed from one light to another. It was a popular part of the park for people to exercise or simply to stroll, a little overcrowded on sunny Sunday afternoons but otherwise a pleasant place to live.
Robert strode on, to the north of the park where the tree-lined avenue met the main road, walked briskly as if the comfort of his own home unnerved him and he needed to be away from it.
At a bus stop others waited for a ride into the city, women in their finery and men stinking of aftershave, and he joined the queue, trying not to be critical. Perhaps this was why he studied the women rather than their menfolk, for it was easier to be beneficent when confronted by a pretty face. He was, in fact, quite attracted by the superficial beauty of one or two of them, and that he was forced to admit this he deemed to be an encouraging sign. If he did not scratch too deeply beneath the surface he would see no faults, and there were times when he could almost persuade himself that the love of a good woman was all that he needed, that it would bring some sense and purpose into his life; sadly it seemed that all the good ones were spoken for.
The bus came and he sat on the upper deck, for the view as much as anything else, though he did take the opportunity to smoke a panatela, another nail in the coffin but what did that matter. The route took Robert from his own comfortable neighbourhood to districts which had once been grand but were now dilapidated, sweeping terraces of once noble houses. Here and there was a littered expanse of waste ground where a house or houses had been torn down, its uneven surface sparkling with broken glass and empty cans. Looking at the rubbish people left behind made him see how meaningless their lives were, their values a matter of convenience and nothing more, as lacking in substance as the food they ate and as easily disposable as the packaging it came in. But there again, gazing into the windows of restaurants on the city edge, there was another extreme of richer food and richer people. Were these people richer in every respect? He doubted it, but he was reluctant to say for certain. If this was to be a means of social classification, according to the food people ate, then he had had toast for breakfast, a sandwich for lunch, so who was he to offer an opinion? Better to stay with the world of appearances and not delve too deeply for the time being.
Bearing in mind the intolerance which had gnawed at him throughout the day, it just had to be some perverse impulse which took him into the most crowded public house he could find, for if he was hoping to learn tolerance by forcing himself to share the company of people then the exercise was sure to fail. Nonetheless he approached the 'Central' resolutely, undeterred by the constant stream of people entering and leaving, walked through its doors without a moment's hesitation and fought his way to the bar. Elbows prodded, bodies nudged, but most bruising of all were the conversation he heard, broken words and phrases, a snatch of a topic here and there pummelling him and making him reel. Weaving and dodging, splashing his shoes with beer as he went, he retreated to a corner seat and sank back against the soft upholstery like a boxer on the ropes. Tolerance could never win. Deafness was the only answer. Not to be able to hear was to begin to cope.
Like drunken marionettes the crowds at the bar and at the tables around him continued their animated conversations, their words now blurred but their gestures expressive enough. A man's hand held across his bloated stomach, another's held at chest height to cup the imaginary breasts of an imagined girl with a leering smile, the meanings were apparent, even if the accompanying words were unclear. Robert was disappointed and disgusted with what he saw.
A young woman crossed his field of vision, tall and slim, balancing carefully as if she was stepping on eggshells. For a moment he admired her poise, her delicate equilibrium, until he noticed others looking at her. No doubt their gaze was no different to his, appreciative of her beauty, covetous, but he saw a lasciviousness in their eyes which he found offensive, a lust which he refused to admit that he himself might feel. The woman was then debased and lost her attraction, she reminded him of the girl who had accosted him at the cosmetics counter that morning. The sad thing was that she lost her attraction through no fault of her own; she might well have been a nice girl, she was certainly beautiful, but the eyes which were upon her sullied whatever beauty she possessed and made it something she was consciously striving for, something to be flaunted.
Where were the girls he had once known, the girls who had been effortlessly beautiful? Their charm had been a thing which shone from within, rather than a thing which was applied each morning, layer upon layer until what could be seen was nothing more than a mask. The true self was beneath this mask and was the source of all beauty; nobility and dignity made the complexion glow more warmly than mere cosmetics could. Robert's tolerance was in tatters as he searched the bodies about him and saw nothing which was not superficial.
Just as he was contemplating leaving he saw Billy Shears enter. It was some time since their paths had last crossed, but Billy recognised him even through what seemed to be a drunken stupor, found time to acknowledge his presence without disturbing the conversation he had already struck up with someone else. He was obviously touting, on the cadge, looking for money or for someone to buy him a drink.
Trapped, with Billy positioned between himself and the door, Robert thought of other drunkards he had met, those with whom discussion so frequently led to argument. Working in the pub trade he had come across many and he sometimes worried about the danger that he might one day become like them. It seemed unlikely, Robert had a career and a comfortable life, but seeing Billy made the danger once again seem real; as he considered it, and ways to avoid it, Billy came across with a gargoyle greeting, his nose knocked askew by frequent beatings and altercations. He said hello, said he would have a double brandy, not really serious but hoping for a glass of beer at least.
'Sorry, Billy, I'm a bit hard up at the present,' Robert lied.
Billy smiled, as though this was a joke -Robert could never look anything other than prosperous- and took a seat. He picked up a discarded glass and swilled the dregs around, then picked up another which held someone's leftovers, swilled this around too as if about to sniff its bouquet. Then he tipped the contents of the first glass into the second.
'Billy-!'
Billy waved his hand to silence Robert, leant across to an adjacent table and took glasses from there. While he splashed these together in a cloudy cocktail he made mention of the good times he had known.
'I didn't think you'd had any,' said Robert.
'Oh yes. Don't you remember the days in the 'Masonic'?'
Where Robert had first met him. The landlady had let Billy sleep in the cellar, not really in accordance with brewery regulations but Robert never said anything. Billy would wear a white barman's jacket, though the only job he was ever trusted with was to collect the empty glasses. Sixty 'pots' would earn him a free pint and he went about gathering these with such enthusiasm that his life might have depended upon it, spinning about in a frenzy, talking to everyone as he went.
Billy mixed his cocktail, then smacked his lips after tasting it and smiled a broken discoloured grin.
'What a day,' he sighed.
'Don't tell me,' he warned, but this was taken to be an invitation.
'All set up, I was, to see a man from the Echo, to share a few memories with him and cop a few quid.' He shook his head sadly, as if to suggest that it was a chance missed, then laughed aloud and pointed a bony finger at Robert. 'What memories can the old drunkard have? That's what you're going to ask.'
'I know, Billy.'
'Well, you probably never realised this-'
'You've told me before, Billy.'
'-but I knew the Beatles.'
Across the room the flash of a camera flared, a member of some party snapping photos of the celebrations, and the cold white light seemed to obliterate Robert's own memories and help him to suffer Billy's. He listened to the prattling talk while across the room people fell into each other's arms in extravagant long-limbed embraces. Robert was torn between the false exuberance of their humour and the real pathos of Billy's, but found himself unable to sympathise with either; high spirits annoyed him, for he questioned their motives, and self-pity disgusted him, for he wondered if it was justified. Meanwhile Billy ran his course and ended with a smile, some fond memory of John Lennon, the wicked genius; his gushing words gave him a thirst and he gulped greedily at his drink.
'For Christ's sake, Billy,' Robert said, taking out some coins. 'Here, buy yourself a proper drink.'
Billy took the money and went happily to the bar, finding an easier path through the crowd than Robert had. Robert regretted not giving him more money and asking him to get him another drink; he did not have much money on him, though, he had intended calling at a cash point when he got into town.
When Billy returned he was more cheerful and Robert envied him his simple pleasures, especially so since he himself had none. The crowd at the bar, having run out of film or energy or whatever, had holstered their cameras and were taking advantage of the relative darkness, making their embraces more affectionate as they became less exuberant. There was no envy, no itching to be among them. There was just...
'Look at them,' said Robert.
Billy smiled contentedly. 'That's life.'
'It's pathetic.'
'It's love.'
'It means nothing,' Robert insisted. 'They're all drunk. They'll regret it tomorrow.'
'But they're enjoying it tonight.' Billy sipped his drink, relishing the taste as though it too was a transitory pleasure. When the glass was drained he slammed it emphatically on the table. 'Right. How about that double brandy now?'
Robert shook his head. 'I can't afford it.'
'Only joking,' Billy grinned. 'Another pint will do.'
'Nor that.'
'Really?'
'Really,' Robert said, not actually lying, simply not giving the whole truth about his circumstances. 'I haven't even got the price of a bus ride home.'
'Then you come with me,' Billy said, suddenly sobering, becoming the Samaritan rather than the scrounger and tugging Robert to his feet. 'We'll go to the Catholic shelter.'
Not knowing why, Robert rose and followed, wanting to be embarrassed to be seen in such company but not really caring, not even when he passed the people at the bar who were huddled so closely together.
'What is it?' Robert asked, when the cold night air hit him. 'What is this Catholic shelter?'
'Up at the cathedral, in the crypt,' Billy said, as if surprised at his ignorance. 'Come on, hurry up or we'll be late for supper.'
Robert did not need his favours, he had no need of shelter, but he went along with Billy, believing him when he told of how comfortable the shelter was. As they crossed the road and climbed the hill Robert began to count -one, two, three, and up to a hundred lives he counted, people he knew and strangers he passed, and the sum of them amounted to lives lived in as many different ways, yet with not one true soul to be found among them, no way that was worthwhile, no commendable style. He could have gone higher, just on the off-chance, but his drunken mind was losing track of the sequence and it really did not seem worthwhile.
With no dignity around him anywhere, it was little wonder that he so often felt like falling down to die, committing himself to one final act which might be seen as defiant, its execution brought about in some private place where there would be one person to love, one person to be loved by. There would be no sympathy, no sneers, no tears but the common salt; it would be like a communion or a benediction. The lover, the person to be loved by, that was the important thing, for eternity was a long time and would be made even worse without a close one, or a memory, at least, of someone who cared enough to recall, years later, when the memory was becoming a vague and elusive spectre. To be remembered was the best that Robert could hope for, though even this might be too much to ask, to be remembered for the good and the bad and the joy and the heartache which all contributed to the experience, the experience such a bitter one, with the sweet and the tart and all the tastes between.
And most of all, he heard a voice cry within him, he wanted love. For him and for others. Looking at Billy by his side, though, the words which came out were:
'We're Sergeant Pepper's lonely, Sergeant Pepper's lonely, Sergeant Pepper's lonely hearts club band...'

CHAPTER 13: THE LONELY HEARTS CLUB

'Somebody spoke and I went into a dream...'

Rita grinned as she told her sisters, 'You'll be able to read about it in the paper, in the classifieds, if you don't believe us. Only it'll be too late by then, of course, the wedding will be over and done with.'
'And it would be a shame if you were to miss it,' added Dougie.
They smiled at each other, their gazes locking, while Brenda and Gillian could only exchange incredulous glances. The affair certainly seemed serious, the ring was no cheap gesture to give substance to some empty promise and the eyes gazing fondly at each other spoke of sharing a life rather than simply spending a night together.
'The pair of you look as though you don't know whether to laugh or cry,' said Rita. She clasped Dougie's hand, said, 'Do you know, love, they've been plotting all week on how they could keep us apart, or at least make things difficult for us.'
'I guessed,' he said, and laughed at the embarrassed blushes of the two sisters.
'All along they were thinking that they might break up the relationship before it started,' Rita continued, 'never guessing that it was already too late. It's come as a shock, hasn't it, Brenda? You were so busy persuading me what a bad lot Dougie was.'
'Rita! Hush!' said Brenda, looking everywhere but at Dougie, her face reddening more and more.
When Dougie spoke, though, there was no anger in his voice, he didn't seem to mind having been maligned and readily admitted that some of what had been said about his past was true.
Now, though, he was a different man.

*
'I wonder what they would have had to say about me,' Kite mused, as they drove along. 'I wonder what compliments they might have fabricated if I'd shown up at the presentation.'
'They would have said that you were kind and caring,' said Anne. 'That you were a sensitive and spiritual man.'
'I doubt that they've ever noticed those qualities in me,' he laughed, his hand moving from the steering wheel to gently touch her knee.
'Then they're blind.'

*
Gillian suddenly began to chuckle.
'What's wrong with you?' asked Brenda.
'You have to see the funny side, haven't you? There we were, the two of us worried that he-' She smiled at Dougie, to apologise for sounding so impersonal. '-worried that Dougie might be about to hurt Rita, when all he had in mind to do was propose. I take it you did propose?' she asked him. 'You didn't leave it to Rita?'
'Oh no, I did the proposing,' he answered. 'Not on bended knee, but it was me who popped the question.'
'And here's the ring that came with the proposal,' said Rita, her hand extended, the stone sparkling.
'It's lovely,' said Gillian.
'Beautiful,' Brenda agreed.
'Isn't it?' said Dougie. 'I got it from a small jewellers I know, a little out of the way place. He's a funny old bloke, always gives the impression that he doesn't want to part with anything, as though each item's so precious to him. I sometimes wonder how he manages to make the business pay.'

*
'What did they get me as a retirement gift, do you know?'
'Guess,' said Anne, barely able to contain a grin.
'Not a clock?' Kite said, sure that they could not have been so unimaginative.
'Yes.'
'My God.' His hands trembled at the wheel as he began to shake with laughter. 'Quartz?'
'Of course. With liquid crystal display, snooze button, the lot.'

*
Denise had Mr Kite's present under her arm, clutched tightly to her side as she hurried briskly along the street. When he had failed to show for the presentation the mood of the others had gradually become bloody, impatience giving way to anger. All the senior management were there, and the absence of Mr McAndrews and Mr Henderson had further infuriated them. Of course they pretended to understand, when the consensus of opinion was that Mr Kite had been too shy to attend, but they still thought it inconsiderate of him. They sat around the place for half an hour, waiting, growing increasingly restless, and her offer to deliver the gift herself, when made, met with approval all round. She lived close to him, she lied, and no one bothered to ask just how close; the managing director even offered her the money for a taxi, but she declined, said that it was no trouble at all.
There were no lights on at the window of his flat, but that meant nothing; he often sat in the dark, saying that it was restful. As she got closer, reaching the front gate, she saw shadows cast by the street-lamps dancing about the ceiling of his room. Or was it the flicker of candlelight? He had said that they might share a celebration supper and she pictured the table set, in the bay of the window, with a single candle placed in the centre.
Perhaps he had lit it as he spied her walking down the street.

*
Rita dimmed the lights. The love she felt for Dougie was still a difficult thing for her sisters to take, and she wanted to spare them the upset of witnessing her fond caresses, her hand on his, their fingers entwined, softly stroking. It would take time for them to become accustomed to Dougie, they would all have to exercise patience. There were many matters to be discussed, and the sooner the better, not least of which was the question of Dougie living there with them, in that house. Gillian and Brenda would no longer try to turn her against him, she knew that, not now that they were aware of her decision, but it was no more than common courtesy to discuss with them all that the marriage would involve.
She leant closer to Dougie, kissed him first and then whispered quietly in his ear.
'Yes, I'll go and sit on the loo for a while,' he said, getting to his feet. 'I'm not part of the family yet, so I'll excuse myself from your conference.'
'Take a look at the front bedroom while you're up there,' Rita told him, 'See what you think about redecorating.'

*
Denise's pulse quickened as she mounted the stairs. He would be there, she felt sure, seated in his favourite armchair facing the window, a little weary and a little sad. It was a day he had been looking forward to with a certain amount of trepidation, she had sensed the anxiety in his manner and understood the reason for it. Retirement would bring about a great change in his life and he was understandably worried. But not she, not Denise, she had reassured him that there was no cause for concern and had promised herself that she would help him enjoy his retirement. It would be her way of paying back his kindness, and at the same time regaining her own sense of purpose. A man of his age, he needed caring for, he needed her. As she reached the door of his flat she smiled, ready to accept the responsibility for making him happy.

*
As the road wound ahead, the two lanes curving gently to the left and then to the right, Kite struggled to contain his laughter. Anne, too, was close to hysterics. The choice of retirement gift seemed so ridiculous and yet so predictable, as tasteless as his colleagues and the work he had done in collusion with them. His hand clasped Anne's tightly, but this was not enough, his joy was so great that he wanted to take her into his arms and hold her to him.

*
The bedroom was in darkness. Dougie paused in the doorway, not switching on the light immediately but standing with eyes closed and head thrown back, inhaling the fragrance.
Woman. His.
It brought a smile to his face. He found delight in all women, but there was even greater delight in this total possession. When he switched on the light the sight of the room was a little less appealing than its fragrance, it had too many frills around the lampshades and the dressing table, too many flowers in the patterned wallpaper.
And the bed itself! He would need a leg-up to mount it!
Still, Rita had mentioned redecoration, it could be made more comfortable. He explored the wardrobe and the drawers of the dressing table, ran his fingers through her silky undergarments, then looked through the boxes and caskets he found hidden beneath. Jewellery, gold, and good stuff at that, heavy and substantial. He weight a necklace in the palm of his hand, heard the words of the vicar : 'With all your worldly goods...'

*
'Just take me towards Crosby,' Derek Henderson told the taxi driver. 'I'll let you know where you can drop me off.'
The driver was annoyed by the vagueness of the instructions. 'If you give me the address I'll be able to find it,' he said. 'I am a cabbie, you know.'
Derek shook his head. 'I'm not exactly sure where I'm going.'
'Oh?'
'I mean, I'm going home, but not directly.'
'Ah.'
'I'll tell you where to drop me off.'
'Awkward bugger,' the driver muttered, and set the cab in motion. At the next set of lights, waiting for them to change, he had a sudden thought. 'It will be Crosby, though? You won't get a sudden fancy to go on to Southport, or further?'
'No,' Derek promised. 'Crosby will be fine.'
Somewhere near to home, but not on the doorstep, for a short stroll would be useful, would give him time to compose his thoughts. How would Anne react if he said that he had had enough of the brewery, that he wanted to go back to painting? They had money saved, but would she think it enough to provide the security they needed? Would she be able to take the uncertainty of a life without a career?
The driver interrupted his thoughts, apologising for his bad humour and suspicion: 'Only I've just been out to Kirkby, no tip worth the trouble and it took me twice as long to get back, an accident causing hold ups on the East Lancs Road. It's a terrible stretch of road, that...'

*
It was only when Anne screamed that Kite was reminded of how dangerous a road they were travelling, long and reasonably straight, fast, but with so many junctions dotting it that they caught the driver unawares. He stamped a foot on the brake pedal and spun the wheel, but his reflexes were too slow, he was getting old, he remembered that he was now a retired person. The car slewed and skidded across the junction, the red of the traffic lights was all he could see, burning into his mind, and the screech of brakes all he could hear as cars came screaming at him from both sides.

*
'Camus said that living is a habit,' Robert McAndrews told Billy Shears, as they walked along Hope Street. 'And a ridiculous one at that.'
'Yes?' said Billy, disinterestedly.
'But then one day we ask 'why'.'
'Why it's ridiculous, you mean?'
'Why we carry on.'
Billy laughed, as if it was a silly question to ask. 'And why do we?'
Robert shook his head. 'It's hard to say. Getting an answer isn't the important thing, though. It's the fact that you've finally asked the question that matters. It's a sign that you're beginning to think. And then-' He quoted: 'Beginning to think is beginning to be undermined.'
'Come on,' Billy said, hurrying him along impatiently. 'If we don't get a move on we'll be late for supper.'
They reached the cathedral, a dark conical silhouette against the sky, passed through a gateway and into its cellars. There they sat among others who seemed to have surrendered, all with shoulders hunched and heads bowed.
Billy smiled at a young girl he didn't recognise; she seemed too young to be there, was seated on the far side of the room, but when he smiled she just turned away, a carrier bag in her lap, the collar of her windcheater turned up.
'Lucy?' Robert said, but quietly, to himself, and made no effort to cross over to her.
As the cathedral bells began to toll dolefully above them a man stood and thumbed through the pages of a small leather-bound prayer book. He did not look like a priest, he wore no cassock or clerical collar, but when he spoke it was with the deep eternal tones of a clergyman.
'I may be able to speak the languages of men, and even of angels, but if I have no love my speech is no more than a noisy gong or the clanging of bells. I may have the gift of inspired preaching, I may have all knowledge and understand all secrets, I may have all the faith needed to move mountains -but if I have no love I am nothing. I may give away everything I have, and even give up my body to be burnt -but if I have no love, this does me no good. Love is patient and kind, it is not jealous or conceited or proud; love is not ill-mannered or selfish or irritable; love does not keep a record of wrongs; love is not happy with evil, but is happy with truth. Love never gives up, and its faith, hope and patience never fail.'
'It's alright,' Billy whispered, inclining his head to Robert. 'They'll give us something to eat when he's finished.'

*
The man beside Lucy leant close, his cupped hand extended to offer her something which she could not quite see, said softly, 'I'd love to turn you on.'

About the author

Maria Blanca Alonso was born in Zamora, Spain, but received her early education in Torremolinos and Palencia, under the disciplined tutelage of the Salesianas, before studying at Universidad Autonoma de Madrid. After many years living and working in Madrid, and then spending a further decade and more in Liverpool, UK, she has now taken up residence in Salobrena, Granada.

Also by Maria Blanca Alonso

'Perdida'

The people of Perdida depend on the visits of Padre Joao to bless their marriages, baptise their children, bury their dead and forgive their sins. When he announces his own loss of faith, though, they are left in a quandary. How can they ever sin again if they can no longer rely on his regular absolution? What miracles or temptations can they conjure which will bring about a change of heart?

'An Eternity To Come'

The Second Coming, and where would a reluctant Son of God prefer to go? The court of the Sun King in Versailles or the Berlin of Sally Bowles? The London of the Swinging Sixties? To his dismay he finds himself reborn in Africa, the Dark Continent, in what is perhaps its darkest period. So where next? And how will the modern world welcome such an innocent, a quasi-God who seems so annoyingly free from sin?

'Pictures Of Lily'

Nicola's is a happy life, a cosy world, her parents see that she wants for nothing. She has all the benefits a middle class background affords -a good education, a comfortable home, a promising future- and her days flow seamlessly, one into the other, with never a problem to trouble their calm progression.
Until she meets Johnson.
Johnson is not the boyfriend any parent would want for their teenage daughter. His background, his manner, his age -especially his age- would preclude him from their world.
Slowly, though, Johnson insinuates himself into Nicola's life, then invades her parents' home, leaving them with the questions, the dilemmas....
How could a sensible young girl become so corrupt?
How could a middle class family allow such a brute into their home?
How could a loving father not fight back to protect his family?

'The Art School Dance'
Ginny is born in the wrong place, in the wrong time. Sleepers Hill is not a town where a young artist can flourish, is too provincial a place for someone who is different. And Ginny is different, in her dress, in her attitude, in her ambitions. Follow her progress through this trilogy of her formative years, moving from a portrait of the artist as a young woman to that of the artist who does Day-Glo posters for chippies and Chinese takeaways.

blancamalonso@yahoo.co.uk
