The Hunter, The Dragon
And
The Smokey Mountain Angel
BOOK 1
By M.Modak


(Myths and Dreams)




A Journey Past the Universe to save
The Tree Of Life
Author's note:
Open your door and see the world. Open your mind and see the universe…

(Myths and Dreams)
The Hunter, The Dragon
And
The Smokey Mountain Angel
Book 1
Smashwords Edition 01
Copyright 2015
Published by Order House Ink.
An M.Henderson product


All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book, or portions thereof, in any form.

Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5

Part2
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11

Part 3
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31

Biography
Dedication
More books by M.Modak
@modak824
Modak824@gmail.com

Chapter 1
The breaks on the Greyhound bus strained as it rolled down the steep Smokey Mountain road. This bus had a different– civilian air to it. Julia decided that it smelled better than the dank odor she remembered rising off the military transports, she'd piloted over the past three years.
For the past nine months, other things had dominated her senses. Her mind fumbled with the memory of bitter tasting medicines, cold sweat and everywhere she went the smell of freshly made bedpans had drifted through the air. Before that, she had been unconscious for three months. When she awoke, she found herself completely paralyzed.
While she had been asleep, the doctors had performed dozens of surgeries on her. The scars were hideous. Because of her severe injuries, she had been given a constant dosage of powerful pain medicine. They had fused most of the vertebra between her neck and tailbone with titanium rods. They had also reconstructed most of her right shoulder and left femur, tibia and foot out of titanium. One of her nurses had joked that she has more titanium in her body then Tony Stark has in his whole Iron Man suit. Then, even as the painful physical therapy helped her regain feeling in her fingers and toes, she was being moved from hospital to hospital…
The doctors told her that she would never be the same again.
The memory sent a shiver throughout her body and she shifted her thoughts.
Through the bus windows, the scenery looked familiar. The morning sun had just crested the mountains igniting the fog into a shimmering halo and she wished her son were here to see this. She imagined her little boy saying that the golden light looked like a big crown resting on the heads of some enormous beast.
Something from a recent dream surfaced. It was the memory of seeing such beautiful things on a faraway world. The image touched the edges of her mind and then it passed...
The bus turned and then dipped into the shadows.
Julia recalled hunting with her uncle in these mountains when she was a teenager. He had channeled her anger into skills that later saved her life. She had learned to climb mountains, track animals, use a knife and shoot. During her darkest moments, he had been there to teach her how to survive. Now that she faced the greatest challenge of her life, she wished he were still here.
The trees and the long winding road switched back until the bus reemerged from the darkness. She looked for the glowing halo again but the angle of the sun had shifted leaving only a thick gray mist that now snaked above and in between the lower hills. The clouds were still beautiful but her longing to see the shining mist again made her long for her son.
The image of the hills emerging and dipping in and out of the fog brought a child hood story to her mind. Magic lived in these mountains. As the moments passed, the magical feeling grew inside her stomach and her heart began to race.
"There's a secret here," Julia spoke quietly to herself. She was surprised to hear herself say that aloud but the mystery made her feel like she was going to explode. Something had been calling her from out there since the moment she had gotten on the bus and that voice grew stronger with every passing minute...
Then the bus turned again and the hills and mountains vanished into the thicket of trees.
A stream of warm air touched her face. The heater had kicked on again. She adjusted the vent above her seat and as the moments passed she listened to the constant humming of the engine. The vibration felt hypnotizing as if drawing her into a dream. The trees hid the sun again, but swaying beams of light slipped through the branches leaving glowing tiger stripes across the road ahead. The pattern looked like it would go on and on as they drove but she knew the road would turn again, it always did but for right now, she felt peace.
The loud sound of hydraulic breaks hissing and the sudden loss of momentum pulled her back to awareness.
The bus driver said, "Welcome to Pigeon Forge Tennessee."
The other people on the bus, some coming home from the same war she had been ejected from, stood up. She watched as they opened the overhead bins, quickly remove their carry–on luggage and then file out the exits in an orderly fashion. Every now and then a burst of clapping and cheering came from just outside the bus but Julia couldn't see who was making all the commotion.
She hated how the metal in her body clicked and how her awkward movements always attracted unwanted attention. Even in the hospital, the other patients looked at her in pity as she strained to do the prescribed exercises.
Once the bus was clear, she groaned and slowly stood up. Her broken body strained to move bones welded into their "natural places" but it felt as if every muscle had forgotten where those places were.
After a few jerks on the duffel bag, the strap dislodged from the overhead storage and crashed onto the seat below. Its weight nearly knocked her down. Methodically, she bent and twisted her hips positioning her body to receive the load on her back. With all her strength, she drew the strap over her shoulder and stood up straight. The bag rose off the seat, teetered and then steadied square between her shoulders.
She thought,
This is all I have for now.

She glanced down at the oversized army fatigues that she was wearing and grimaced in thought... All of her Air Force uniforms had been lost. After she returned to her old home, the home her ex–husband had acquired in the divorce, and saw her son, she would rent a room in the closest hotel– with an in–room hot tub and take a long hot bath. The next day she would rent a car, go to the nearest VA clinic, then to Macy's and buy civilian clothes.
She was very tired. The long bus ride had jostled every bone in her body. She would soon need more pain medicine but she would need to withdraw funds for that... It had been a long time since she had thought of buying anything.
The officers at the hospital said that her personal bank account would have been credited monthly, as usual, but she hadn't seen a bank statement in over a year. They added that the payments would continue for years into the future and her honorable discharge, including the extra amount she would receive for disabilities acquired on duty and during a war, assured her that medical attention would be available for the rest of her life.
At that time, none of this mattered to her. She only wished that she would never have to see a doctor or medical person again; but with the pain she was feeling now, she only wanted to see two people, her son and a doctor.
It was almost time to get it all straightened out. She would have to call the local Air Force office tomorrow and get her medical information. She had been given a courtesy bag, which was actually an army duffel bag filled with the kinds of things she had used at basic training; and all her clothes and gear were tailored to a man slightly larger than she is. Somehow, they had sent her home without any of her records, contact information and her Air Force ID card was missing too.
The silence made Julia look up. The bus was empty but the driver was waiting quietly near the exit. She took a breath and started toward him.
Her right leg moved perfectly but the left leg dragged behind her. She held tight to her duffel bag with her left hand, the good one, knowing that her right hand wouldn't respond in time if it started to slip. The driver waited with a smile. As she approached the doors, he took her bag off her shoulders, carried it down the steps and looked back up at her. He guessed that she wouldn't let him help her down the steps and, though she had given him her bag, she wanted to step onto her hometown soil under her own power.
The metal handrail felt warm when Julia touched it. Many hands had grasped its smooth surface effortlessly but since the accident, her right arm always felt heavy and unresponsive. She had to time these last few steps just right and every little move planned and executed as quickly as possible before someone tried to do her a kindness.
She inhaled deeply and then gripped the left–hand rail tightly, pause— right leg step down and exhale. Then she inhaled again, pulled her left leg, weighted for it to drop– steady now, and her left hand slid down the bar— hold, and right leg down and then she dragged her left leg until it fell into place... exhale. She continued this until she stopped on the last step before the final drop to the ground.
She stared at the asphalt. It was a longer drop from where she stood to the ground; and this was where the handrail ended. The amount of concentration she was using was giving her a headache. Before she could chicken out, she took the last step and stumbled. The driver quickly stepped forward and caught her elbow. When both of her feet touched the road, the Earth began to shake.
The trembling lasted for only a few seconds but everyone swayed together as if a great wind had passed over them all. Julia unconsciously placed her hand to her stomach. She could feel a humming resonating from within her. Then the trembling stopped and the feeling passed.
A cheer exploded from all around her!
She looked up and noticed for the first time that a small group of elder men, with their wives and some grandchildren, were waiting for her. All were waving American flags, clapping and smiling. And in that moment the pain seemed to vanish as she raised her head high and smiled.
"Thank you for your sacrifice," said an old lady who moved only a little faster than Julia could move.
A little girl with a puffy pink coat handed Julia a flower and said, "Thank you for your service."
Julia placed the flower in her hair and said, "Thank you sweetheart."
The group of people, none of whom she knew, collapsed in around her. She saw an older gentleman take her bag from the bus driver and then stand behind her. Everyone asked questions and thanked her but all Julia could say was that she was glad to be home. She was very tired but she was grateful to all those who took the time to make her feel special.
Then, slowly the crowd began to thin out and a few men started talking amongst themselves. "Well, I guess the mining company just blasted the hell out of that mountain again," said an old man wearing a black hat covered in military patches.
"That was the strongest trimmer yet," said the man who was holding her bag behind her.
Julia turned and looked him in the eyes and asked, "What mining company?"
The woman who had first greeted Julia said, "Come on dear, we can talk about this in a few minutes. We wanted to take you and the other service men to dinner but everyone else met with their families and went home." The old woman looked around the empty parking lot and then back at Julia. Then she waited.
Julia didn't have anyone waiting for her here. She tried several times to leave her ex–husband, Rand, messages that she would be coming home today but the phone just went to voice mail. She didn't even have a way home...
Her stomach growled and she felt hungry.
The elder woman took her by the elbow and said, "It's okay sweetheart, we'll get you something to eat and then we'll go from there."

Chapter 2
The old man and woman carefully placed Julia in their plush Cadillac. Julia thought it was beautiful and a lot more comfortable than the bus. Then they gave her the full tour of the town.
Pigeon Forge had changed and yet it had grown into what she expected. This place had always been a vacation town, a weekend getaway most people visited to cram as much fun as a family could in a few days and then leave the rest of the mundane week to the natives.
The lights from all the mini–golf and goat–cart race tracks blazed in their new LED bulbs but all the new, larger than life, attractions dwarfed that. The main road had restaurants built like castles, a huge dragon rested on top of an arcade, the Titanic and even a giant King Kong clashed for her attention. The attractions were dazzling like Las Vegas but she had always thought that this place made her feel like she had gained not lost something of her humanity when she went to bed at night.
"Sgt. Bryson," The old woman said from the back seat, "That is the name on your duffel bag."
"Oh, no my name is Julia. This bag was given to me at the last minute when I left the hospital."
The old lady smiled at the gentleman sitting in the driver's seat then looked back at Julia and asked, "Would you like to visit Gatlinburg before dinner?"
Julia shook her head. She loved Gatlinburg but she wanted to go home right now. However, these people were so nice and she doubted dinner would be waiting when she got home. She said, "No thank you but can we stop at the ATM?"
The old man said, "Julia, your money is no good tonight."
Julia's heart skipped a beat then she realized what he meant and she smiled. She answered, "Yes sir, and thank you but I need to check something."
A few minutes later, the car stopped and Julia extracted herself from the front seat, hobbled to the ATM and inserted her card. The machine asked her for her pass code and she paused... It had been a year since she had thought about pass codes. Keeping secret numbers used to mean life and death. Her training included flying top–secret aircraft, undercover work and the use of super computers to authenticate her battlefield observations, so her team could finish the job.
The strong pain–medication made her mind feel fuzzy. It was frustrating; she couldn't even remember a 4–digit ATM pass code. Then the number hit her. She punched in her code and selected checking. When her account appeared, she thought her heart really had stopped. The account was empty.
She checked the savings but it was the same, empty. She stood there just looking at the screen willing it to show hundreds of thousands of dollars, but all she saw was a blinking $0.
She printed the account history and stared at it. A year ago, the account was fully withdrawn and it had remained empty since then. This was all wrong. She had started, over four years ago, with a large signing bonus and then was quickly promoted; with increased pay and other bonus's due to her high test scores and natural abilities. After her hospitalization, she should have still received full pay and benefits until they discharged her a day ago... She had deposited everything into this account.
With that money, she was going to pay off her house, take her son to Disney World and then get her a civilian job with a Computer Science Degree. Now she had nothing.
"This is impossible," she whispered to herself, "The Air Force takes care of their own." Then she relaxed. It had to be some clerical error and she'd get it ironed out tomorrow.
When she was back in the car, she could tell that dinner was becoming an event. The elder lady was saying, "But this young lady is special, we only do this once a month, so we should go somewhere big."
The old man said, "I agree, that's why we should go to the Catfish Barn. The old gang will be there. It'll be like home."
"Okay Jerry, okay," The old woman said in resignation, "I just wanted to go somewhere special."
"Anna, this is special," Jerry replied and the debate ended.
Julia didn't care what she ate. After being in the Air Force, traveling the world and going through Special Forces training and then eating hospital food for nearly a year, she had grown to be content with the basics. Anything hot and with sauce seemed like a luxury.
The car rolled into the parking lot and Julia smiled. It was hard to remember but she thought she had eaten at this restaurant a long time ago when they called it something else. This large, old house had a wraparound porch and a tin roof. The more she looked, the more the fog cleared. She had eaten here before. The new owners had updated everything. The building was now green but it still looked antique. Even the red roof had rust spots painted on it. She loved it.
Jerry moved like someone half his age. He hurried around to the passenger side of the car, opened the door for Julia and held out his hand. She took it with a smile and he waited as she very slowly came to her feet. Then she waited as he helped his wife out of the car and all three walked across the parking lot.
The parking lot's short hill was simple enough to climb but the restaurant's wide steps leading up to the porch gave her some trouble. She needed more pain medicine. When she reached the top, she stared at the old wooden doors. These were the original doors, she was sure of it. They had restored them to match the aged look of the rest of the building.
Jerry pulled on the antique doorknob and the door made a creaking sound as it opened. Julia wondered if the creaking sound was another fabrication intended to make the place feel authentic but bright lights drew her attention away from the doors. The restaurant was packed and loud. The majority of the people were in their elder years and they all stopped when they saw who had just entered.
"Hey Jerry! Hey Anna!" Several people yelled at once. Jerry and Anna beamed and waved to their waiting friends.
All the tables seemed full. Julia wondered how long the wait would be but a hostess appeared from nowhere, greeted them by name and quickly escorted them to a table that was near the restroom and the main exit.
Anna said, "We called ahead and reserved our usual table."
After sitting, people began lining up to meet the pretty young–lady who had returned home from the war. Julia felt like a rock star. She smiled and shook hands until she couldn't feel her fingers. Fifteen minutes of introductions passed before the server took her order. She said, "Medium rare rib eye, mashed potatoes, green beans, coleslaw and sweet tea."
As soon as the server walked away, Jerry thrust out his right hand and Julia took it. The old man shook her hand gently and said, "Welcome home Julia."
Julia smiled. She said, "Thank you. It seems that everyone here knows you."
Jerry squeezed her hand a little tighter and said, "Just old friends. We get together sometimes like this. Many of us served together in Vietnam. Where were you stationed?"
Julia straightened in her chair. She was under strict orders, "Everything you have done since joining the Air Force is top secret."
Julia said, "I'm not supposed to talk about that." She saw the disappointment in Jerry's eyes and before he could lean back in his seat she added, "I can't tell you where I've been but I can tell you in general my job was to hunt terrorist and identify their location."
Jerry finally released her hand and set back in his seat. He looked away from her and his mind seemed to drift far away. She knew that look. She gave that same look to her nurses when the conversation turned toward the war.
The entry doors opened and a young family with a little boy her son's age came in. She imagined for a moment that Rand would do something amazing and had found out where she was. Then, any second her son would come bouncing through those two old doors and make everything that had happened to her over the past year be worth it. But, the doors closed behind the family with a squeak.
The music died and then a new song began. Julia thought that someone must have dumped a hundred dollars into the jukebox and selected every patriotic song she could think of. The music was sometimes sad but the song had just changed to an up–beat tune and several people stood up and started dancing.
Julia wanted to dance. She was tired but she wanted to celebrate her release from hospital rooms with no windows and medical personnel who would only give her the most basic information about life outside her room's four walls. She realized that this was the first time she wasn't heavily medicated in over a year and everything felt different. The sound of children running around the restaurant shaking the silverware on tables, laughing and being unruly made her happy. It had been a long time since she had felt this way.
Jerry seemed to rouse himself from his reminiscing and his eyes settled back on Julia. Julia felt his gaze but an old man dancing with his smiling bride in the far corner of the room held her attention. She wished she could redo the past 10 years. Jerry kept staring at her and she turned away from the dancers to see his question.
Jerry asked, "How are the boys?"
Julia knew what he meant. This was the longest war in US history. When she had left for training that first year everyone seemed to know exactly what they were doing but as the years passed all that changed. She answered, "The boys are doing their duty."
Jerry nodded as he chewed on the inside of his bottom lip.
Julia looked at the entry doors again and then back at Jerry. She didn't know if she should be scared or angry, both emotions were coming through. She said, "I haven't talked to my commanding officers or anyone from my squad in a year."
Jerry frowned as he shook his head, "That sounds very suspicious. I still talk to several people from my unit and that was," He looked up for a moment and then back down at her, "I don't know– over 35 years ago," he paused and then he asked, "And how about you?"
He was looking her in the eyes but she knew he was talking about her injured body. How did it come to this? Julia said, "That is so top secret that even I'm still not sure what happened. I can only say that I was on duty one moment and the next I was strapped down to a hospital bed with ten doctors and a floor full of specialist clapping and cheering. At that time, I barely even knew where I was or who was there but all those happy faces lifted my spirits. I'll never forget all the help those angels gave me."
Ann smiled and said, "You are a very special girl."
Then Jerry's eyes grew dark and he said, "There's talk of them expanding the war."
"Forget all that war talk," An old man sitting next to Jerry said, "we got a mystery right here in town. It's that mountain over there by Dollywood."
Jerry rolled his eyes and said, "Oh know, here we go again. There–ant–no government cover up."
"There is too a government cover up," The old man said with a scowl.
"But that mining company has employed dozens of people," Jerry said as he shook his head.
"Who?"
"Who what?" Jerry snapped back.
"Who has been employed? Name one person."
"I don't know who they hire. I saw the add in the paper the other day."
"Nobody reads the paper anymore but us old timers and we ant–goanna be miners any time soon."
"I don't know about that."
"Come on Jerry, you just want to believe that it's okay but something happened almost a year ago and no one's talking about it."
"You ant–stopped talking about it Frank!"
Frank looked over at Julia and said, "Did you feel the trimmers?"
Julia remembered swaying in the parking lot when she stepped off the bus but had been too emotional at the time to think anything about it.
"You did feel the trimmers," Frank said as he nodded.
Julia said, "You said it's a mining company."
"That's right!" Jerry snapped, "that's what they do, they blast rocks."
"Everyone in town has complained about the trimmers," Frank pointed toward Dollywood, "Earl even called Dolly Parton and complained to her. Those trimmers are shaking the town at all times of the day and night... Now why would they do that? Can't they work when we're all awake? Something is going on in there."
Jerry laughed, "Earl called Dolly Parton. What's she goanna do, sing–em a song."
"Dolly Parton ant–no joke. She has some pull around here," Frank said with a slight tremble in his voice, "And what about what happened that one night."
"Oh no," Jerry said.
"Oh yes, helicopters by the dozen!" Frank looked at Julia, "They used the double whirlys, the ones with two fans on one chopper. And they were carrying something big, huge in fact and they dumped it right into that mountain."
"Who saw that frank," Jerry said, "just a bunch of late night stoned teenagers. You've been hanging out at the Waffle House past your bed time."
"I heard the choppers myself."
"But you didn't see what they carried."
"I know there ant–been nothing like if before and nothing like it since."
"It was just the mining equipment, if it was anything. They need big drills and trucks."
"Why wouldn't they just truck–em in?"
"You know how narrow those winding roads are out there around the mountains. It was probably easier to just fly in that equipment."
"Then why didn't they do it in the daylight. That'd be safer?"
"I don't know Frank."
Everyone at the table turned as their server and two helpers lowered plates filled with food. The stake sizzled and it smelled so good that Julia could already taste it. Her stomach growled, she was so hungry that she instantly forgot the conversation, said the blessing and shoved a spoon into her mashed potatoes. The nerves in her right hand often gave her problems but as soon as she was chewing the first bite of thick country potatoes, she ignored her shaking hand and cut a ragged strip of meat, swallowed and stuffed the juicy chunk into her mouth. Juice dripped down her chin and she looked up. Everyone at the table was staring at her.
She swallowed, took a drink of sweet iced tea and said, "Hospital food never tasted like this."
Frank smiled as he started cutting into his stake. He said, "I bet it didn't. You go right along eating just as you feel."
Julia took two pain pills and with that, everyone started eating too.
After dinner, Frank walked Anna, Jerry and Julia to their car. He said, "Now Julia, you need to come by the Waffle House after ten. This here is where the old folks go before bed but the kids your age have a better time down there."
Jerry helped Julia into the front passenger seat and shut the door. Julia's medicine had started to take effect. She could feel her body less and her mind began to sink into numbness. She rolled down the window and said, "Thank you Frank. I think I might stop by some time. You can tell me more about that mountain."
Frank's smile widened and Jerry snorted, walked around the car, helped Anna into the back seat and then he sat in the driver's seat. He said, "Good night Frank."
"Goodnight Jerry, goodnight Anna," Frank said and then turned and headed back inside the restaurant.
Jerry started the car. He asked, "Which way Julia?"
Julia said, "Drive like you're going to Dollywood but make a left onto Mountain haze road. You can drop me off at my driveway. It's the third one on the left."
The car shifted into drive and rolled onto the main road. It was dark now and all the lights from the attractions were impossible to look away from but it was a short drive to her house. The car stopped at her mailbox and Jerry got out and opened the trunk. He met Julia with her duffel bag as she was getting out of her seat.
He said, "I can carry this to your front door."
Julia smiled and she felt a tear roll down her cheek. She said, "It's okay. I can take it from here. You don't know how much this night means to me." She looked over at Anna sitting in the back seat and said, "Thank you for your service and for caring about all of us returning home from the war. I'll never forget this." Then she took the bag from Jerry before he could insist on carrying it any further.
He gave her a long hug and slipped something into her front pocket. He said, "This is our number. You call us if you need anything sweetheart."
Julia nodded, holding back tears and adjusted the weight of the bag on her shoulder. Now wasn't the time for emotions. Jerry returned to the car, backed up and headed back the way they had come.
Then she took a deep breath and started for the house, stopped, turned to the mailbox and opened it. It was packed full of mail, too much to stuff into her already overstuffed bag. She shut the little door and started walking down the long gravel driveway. After a few steps, she wondered about that, 
Why would Rand let the mailbox go unchecked for so long?

She'd have to come and check it on her way back out. Perhaps the Air Force had sent her checks to this address...
The temperature had dropped since she had first gotten off the bus. Winter was nearly over but the cold was fighting back. There was a faint glow in the sky coming from town but she could barely see her own feet. She looked directly up but saw nothing and she thought that the clouds must have moved in and were covering the sky.
Her eyes settled on her one story log cabin. It looked sad in the dark. Her home sat partially on a hill overlooking a valley surrounded by distant mountains. The valley was a beautiful sight, one that she returned to in her mind many times during the most stressful situations over the past several years.
At this moment, all those years away from her son felt heavy on her heart but staying married for Noah's sake wasn't in his best interest. Rand had no real education and he would never be able to afford this place on a deliveryman's salary, not here anyway. She had worked and paid all the bills, mostly by herself, while he went to school those first years; but he never finished. A year after they were married the real fighting began. All the clues had been there from the beginning but she had worn rose–colored glasses. The fighting only got worse and though she never wanted a divorce, watching her son cry at their feet as they screamed at each other removed her illusions.
She never wanted to go away to war either but it was the only opportunity she had to get away from Rand and provide a stable future for her son. There were other options. Colleges around the country had offered her scholarships but she needed money now. That was what she thought at the time and it was what she was thinking now.
At first, Rand had agreed to divorce her promising to split everything 50%. Then she left for boot camp and he got a lawyer and changed his mind. Since he was the only one home with their son, she would have to pay him Child Support. She didn't fight it because there would soon be enough money and when she got out of the service, she could petition for more time with him.
Realizing that she and Rand were never really in love was the saddest part. The greatest part, the part that made her never regret her relationship with him was Noah.
She would have been home sooner but the Air Force offered her another signing bonus, and a jump in rank and base pay with extended benefits. With that raise, she could realize her long–term plans. She would have enough to return home with college money, get a degree, pay off the house and survive on her own.
Julia looked around and wondered why all the lights were off in the cabin. They never kept all the lights off. Noah was afraid of the dark. They had LED nightlights that turned on automatically when it got dark. Floodlights positioned on the corners of the house should have kicked on when she approached them but they didn't.
She carefully walked up the steps and knocked on the front door. After a minute passed, she tried opening the door but found it locked and the spare key was missing. That was a surprise. Rand always put things back where they belonged. It was one of the few good things about him always needing to be in total control.
The wind started blowing, as the moment grew longer and she wondered what had happened. Rand's parents were dead and his sister lived in Canada now.
Where else would he be.
She turned and started down the driveway along the right side of the house leading to her favorite place to be, the backyard. The large trees on her right enclosed the property. They always made her feel like she lived in seclusion though Dollywood was just down the road and the town only a few miles away.
The passageway opened to a small backyard with a deep well and an unfinished garden. In the far right corner was an overgrown, gravel road that led up and over the mountain but she would need Rand's 4x4 to use it and it wasn't here. Next to the old road was an open–garage connected to an old shed. To her left was a clear view of distant mountains. A small fence lined the left edge of her property. Beyond the fence, the ground dropped hundreds of feet ending in a small creek.
She remembered being scared that Noah might fall over that fence and she'd taken pains to teach him about the danger.
Snow started to fall. At first, it was little specks of glittering powder but it quickly turned into a heavy downpour of fat flakes.
She walked up the steps to the back door and tried opening it. The knob wouldn't turn and the windows were all dark. Her mind seemed blank as she stared at the door wishing that it would open and her son would be standing there ready for a big hug.
She dropped her bag and carefully walked back down the steps to the open garage and returned to the door with a crowbar. The cold metal stung her left hand but her right hand had gone numb. She plunged the crowbar's straight end into the latch and pulled. Pain shot through her shoulder, back and left leg. She groaned as the sound of cracking wood came from the door jam. It made her pull harder on the bar and it popped, the door swung inward and the crowbar dropped to the floor.
The ground began to shake and she held onto the door as she looked toward the mountain. A few seconds later, the trembling stopped but she waited a minute longer, listening for any movement or any sign that someone was waiting inside. All was silent. Then she took her bag by the strap and dragged it inside, pushed the crowbar out of the way with her good foot and closed the door. It wouldn't re–latch but it stayed shut.
"Hello," she said loudly into the darkness. The sound of her voice returned as a hollow echo. The place felt empty but she checked anyway, looking through each room as she had done hundreds of times in the field but someone had removed nearly everything in the house. She couldn't believe that all her belongings were gone. All her clothes, jewelry, guns and even her old TV were missing. Then her disbelief turned to anger and then sadness...
When she opened the door to Noah's room, she paused as a deeper wave of emotions passed over her. This was her favorite room in the house... In her mind, she saw the bunk bed with a slide on the end that she had purchased for him. He was very excited, jumping and clapping, as he watched her put it together. Eventually she had to make him stand in the hall and watch from the doorway. When she had finished tightening all the nuts, she helped him climb the ladder once and showed him how the slide worked but from then on, it was, "Mommy, me do it!"
In the corner of the room, next to the window used to be a little table where he'd draw her pictures of rainbows and mountains.
She was crying again but the tears felt like ice on her face. Then she turned and continued searching but the house was empty. She only found one small closet, under the stairs leading up to the bonus room that had old phone books and stacks of printed papers, all trash. An idea came to mind. The house was cold and getting colder. The army hadn't designed this suit for the winter; she wasn't supposed to be going into theater. She needed to get warm, rest and tomorrow she would sort all this out.
The fireplace still worked. She took several phone books from the closet and dropped them down on the hearth, checked that the chimney was open and clear then started tearing out sheets of paper from the phone book. She didn't think that she had any survival gear but she checked her bag anyway. There were some extra socks and men's underwear, a sleeping bag, survival meals ready to eat, a tin cup, spoon and a large knife. Her eyes lit up as she examined the knife, twisted the bottom and out fell three matches, a flint and other small items.
But her eyes stayed on the matches and the flint. "Matches or flint?" She said to know one, then selected one match. "The papers should burn quickly."
Then she set everything down neatly and went back outside to the covered shed. Under a ragged, blue tarp sat a large stack of dry wood. She took as many of the smaller pieces as she could carry, four, and dumped them next to the fireplace. After several more trips, she was very tired but satisfied.
Minutes later the fire blazed and the room began to warm up. She unfolded her sleeping bag, put on her over coat and extra socks and fell asleep... 
She dreamed of a scientist who made a powerful machine that looked like a smaller version of Saturn. It was spinning out of control– shattering the boundaries between parallel universes. Then she was underground watching a fire–breathing dragon locked in a prison of blue smoke– fighting for his freedom. And then, she was in another world where zombies chased her and her friends through swamps. And each time she awoke between dreams the Earth was shaking...
A rough voice from within her said, "The Hunter is searching for you."
Chapter 3
Julia opened her eyes and groaned. The details of her dreams had slipped away but her heart still pounded. She had been dreaming of the same people again. These were the same dreams she'd been having for the past year. When they started again each night, it was as if she had missed a day in one of their lives while she was awake and then when she slept again, she tuned back into their stories.
Sometimes she could remember every detail, as if she had really been there, as if she were the persons living these lives but the pain stole those dreams when her mind returned to her body.
She rolled over out of the shadow and into the sunlight. The light shined through the window like laser beams burning into her skull and her eyes snapped shut. She reached for her bag and fumbled with an outside pocket until she found her pain medicine.
The bottled shook in her hand but only a few pills rattled around. Panic began to build in her stomach and she started breathing deeply.
She thought, 
What if I don't get to a doctor in time.

She didn't want the pain to immobilize her again. The last time it happened, just after one of the many times she had been moved into a new hospital, her bed had struck a doorframe. It felt like a line of fire jolting from her neck down to her left heel and all she could do was scream. The pain had made every muscle in her body contract until her bones started to break and she wished for death... They quickly pumped her with enough pain medicine to put down a horse and she forgot about the incident, until now.
That thought was too much; for now, all she needed was a cup of water.
The living room looked warm and bright but the image was very deceiving. The fire had died out and she knew by the sting of her ears and the vapor from her breath that outside the sleeping bag it was very cold. The pain in her body was only going to get worse. She had a lot of walking to do today before she would have her prescriptions filled.
Slowly, she stood up and dressed, found the tin cup and headed outside to the well. The snow was only a few inches thick and she could tell that it would melt by noon. The weather had always been like this, cold and snowy one day and then warm and sunny the next.
The pump on top of the well squeaked as she pushed down on the leaver. Shocks of pain coming from her right shoulder felt like lightning shooting down the length of her body and a flash of memory came to mind.
This memory had come before and she was sure it was from the day of her accident. She saw herself standing at a computer console, but this was no ordinary computer. It was a quantum computer hidden in a secret base located just northeast of Atlanta Georgia. She had visited many other sites like it around the world. She had used these computers for sending unbreakable coded messages to her superiors... and, they used them for other, classified purposes.
Then there was a flash, pain, a ringing noise in her ear and then nothing…
The memory faded. She didn't even know what a quantum computer was… Something had happened at that time but she couldn't remember what she was inputting. Whenever she used terminals like that, there were always extra levels of security and she had to follow exact instructions. She had used a variety of highly secret computers but there was something special about that one.
Julia felt the cold biting into her hands. She had been pumping the leaver and finally water had started trickling out of the spout. She released the lever and held her cup to catch the stream. The water ran dry when the cup was about half full and she started pumping again but this time something snapped at the hinge and the lever dropped on the ground. More water started coming out of the spout, enough to fill the rest of her cup. She held her shaking cup under the spout until the water stopped flowing and then she turned and hurried back inside.
After rebuilding the fire, she used a little of the water to clean herself up and then heated the rest in the fire. The MREs had little packets of instant coffee in them. After a few minutes passed, she poured some of the hot water into the coffee pouch and the rest into the MRE packet. She stirred both, drank the coffee black and then swallowed two pills.
As she sat in front of the fire, her mind teetered between pain and clarity of thought. Soon the pain medication would begin taking effect and her vision would blur but then all she would feel is good.
She took another sip of coffee and ate her MRE and then she started thinking about the money she had... She didn't have any money. All of her money was in that bank account and the account was now empty... 
Talking about putting all my eggs in one basket…

Then she remembered Noah's college fund. She had been hiding money from Rand and saving the cash in a plastic bottle until the Air Force recruiter had told her about the bonus she would get if she joined. She thought, 
Funny how a small idea like saving money for Noah had led me to go to war...

That jar was still in the sub–floor below Noah's closet. She turned and looked at her son's room and smiled, got up and walked to the closet. She noticed that it was less painful to move and she was grateful.
The floorboard in the corner of the closet had always been loose. She had noticed it the first time she moved into the house. She had been sliding boxes around in the closet when suddenly her left foot felt cold. Some lazy contractor must have miscalculated a cut, and thinking that since it was a board stuck in the corner of the closet, no one would notice...
As it had done before, the board popped up with only a little twist of the knife. She reached into the hole and pulled out a jar stuffed with cash and replaced the board. A short time later, she was bundled inside her sleeping bag dumping the contents of her investment onto the floor before her.
$320.89
She laughed, paused and then laughed again. It was hardly a college fund but it was a lifesaver now. Getting her checking account resolved with the bank could take days to sort out.
She would need a phone, clothes and perhaps she could rent a car when she knew where her son was.
An hour later, she was dressed, her medicine had fully kicked in and she was ready to leave. As she walked down the driveway she saw the mailbox, remembered how full it is and decided to check it when she returned home; she had a lot to do right now.
The sun had melted most of the snow and the wet asphalt was quickly drying. She didn't really have a long way to walk but for her, injured like this, it seemed like a hundred miles.
Her mind kept returning to the empty account.
The Air Force had promised to deposit her money into my home bank account... 

Where are my ex–husband and Noah?

She was sure he needed money and since her account was empty, either he had somehow emptied it or he had gotten little or no money from her. Then she started worrying about Noah.

Is he being provided for? Where did all that money go?

The pain in her body wasn't as bad any more but she was still moving very slowly, so slowly that she was sure a zombie horde would have eaten her by now. She wondered where that thought came from and then she remembered her dreams from last night. Memories from her other dreams came and went and her mind buzzed. In one dream, she had been flying, not in a plane or rocket but she was in the air soaring over mountains and rivers... But she couldn't remember any more and she looked up. Her thoughts cleared and she realized that she was standing in front of her bank.
Her clothes were a mess and her hair was flat and oily but she wasn't here for a loan. She ran her fingers through her hair, pulled her shirt down and shook her head; it was no use–

I look like hell.

She raised her chin and smiled; she was here to get her money back.
A nice looking man in a wool sweater and dress pants opened the door for her. After asking how he could help her, she told him what had happened to her account and he walked her to one of the offices. She sat down in a soft chair before a small desk feeling a hundred years older and wondering how she had made it through basic training.
Actually, a walk like the one she had just taken was nothing compared to the miles she had run in the dead of night, through foreign jungles to reach a target. Even though her last mission was only a little over a year ago, that memory felt like one of her dreams.
"Hi Miss. Anderson. Thanks for choosing Bank 1, how may I help you?" said a sharply dressed woman as she walked around the desk and sat down in her seat facing Julia.
Julia handed the woman her ID and bankcard and then said, "My account is empty. There should be more than $300,000.00 in the checking and 85,000.00 in the savings.
The woman had a nametag that said Tonya. Tonya looked at her and shook her head as if nearly $400,000.000 goes missing all the time from her customers. Then the lady swiped her card, punched a few keys into the keyboard and said, "Your account is actually –$80.00. Someone must've made a mistake and forgot to close it for you."
Julia started speaking but nothing came out. She realized that she was hyperventilating, so she took a deep breath and said, "The mistake is a $400,000.000 mistake not a –$80.00 mistake."
Tonya smiled but it was not a warm smile. She typed a few more letters on her keyboard and said, "Your banking history ended a year ago. You have never had anything but NSF charges."
Julia said, "I am a military officer who got paid! I have only deposited money into this account starting four years ago! How can I have NSF fees when I never withdrew money from this bank? Now, what happened to my money?"
"Well, Miss Anderson, it looks like Child Protective Services drew against this account but since there was nothing there you received the NSF fees. We put a hold on the account to stop the over draft." Tonya said with a smile.
Tears started welling up in Julia's eyes but she stopped them. She hadn't come home from war to be defeated by bankers. Without another word, she slowly stood up, turned away from Tonya and started to walk out.
"Miss, how are you going to take care of these fees?" Tonya said from behind her.
Julia wanted to give her the finger but instead she said, "Don't worry, you'll be hearing from me very soon." What they would be hearing, she didn't know. Perhaps the Air Force could straighten this out for her.
She left the bank feeling dizzy and even worse than she imagined but still determined.
She was hoping she could pay some of her ex–husbands bills and give some extra money for... whatever Noah might need. Now she only had enough to get a cell phone and necessities. She looked across the street and saw a Walmart.
It's not Macy's but shopping at Macy's won't cover all the basics. I need a car but with the low funds, until absolutely needed a car can wait.
The line in the Walmart electronics department didn't take long and after looking at all the smart–phones she chose the cheapest one that would let her search the internet. The Internet would be very useful right now.
The attendant asked her for her ID and he ran a credit check, handed her card back and said, "Miss that phone will be $400.00."
Julia looked at him and then back at the tag on the sample phone. She said, "The price says $60 with a two year contract."
"Yes, but your credit check came back negative. I can only give you that price with the two–year contract. The price of that phone without the two–year agreement is $400. Will that be cash or credit?"
Julia glared at him and he looked away. Then she calmed down remembering that this young man had nothing to do with her bad luck.
The clerk looked back at her and said, "Miss, I can't hold up the whole line any longer."
Julia glanced back. There were many people behind her.
The lady behind her smiled and said, "We don't mind waiting on you. And thank you for your service."
The lines around Julia's eyes softened and she couldn't help but smile back. Then she reached over to the display, snatched a $20 track phone and then paid another $20 in prepaid minutes. Then she left the counter.
"I guess I'm in survival mode," she whispered.
She quickly made a list of things she needed to survive in a house with only a fireplace and a broken water pump. "Okay, let's start with fixing that well pump, food, new panties, clothes to find a job in; just in case I don't get this bank thing working anytime soon... And I need soap, shampoo and lots of soap."
However, before she took another step, she dialed her ex–husband's phone number and waited. A person she didn't know answered, so she hung–up, checked the number and shook her head. The world felt like it was slightly tilted and rotating clockwise. She shook her head again, as if she might clear rainwater from an umbrella.

These meds sure do a number on the brain...

She dialed the correct number but the phone went directly to voice mail. She tried it again but got nothing, so she said, "Rand, I need to see Noah. I want to check in with his doctors and see how he is advancing with his Autism therapy. Call me back." Then she left her phone number and hung up.
She stood still for a moment longer wishing he'd call back right away but after a minute passed, she used 411, the information service, and got the local Air Force office phone number. After calling it, she learned that they were closed today but would be open tomorrow morning at 10:00 am.
She said to herself, "I will be there at 10:00 am."
As she walked through the store, placing only the essentials in her cart, along with more instant coffee and some chocolate, several people stopped her and thanked her for all she had done to protect the country.
It took two and a half hours to finish all her shopping and stand in line at the checkout. When it was her turn, she placed her things on the counter and the clerk totaled up everything but before she could pull out her cash, a man stepped forward and handed the clerk his credit card. He said, "It's not much but God bless you Miss for all you have done for us."
Tears started to come again, this time it was happy tears but she still needed to stay strong. If she let even one tear follow the first she doubted that she could stop the rest.
She said, "Sir, you don't have to do that."
"Already done Miss," The clerk said.
Julia turned to the woman and then took her bags and placed them back into her buggy. Before she left she said, "Sir, you can't know the blessing you have done for me today. Thank you."
The man's eyes and cheeks had turned red. He was about to start crying, so she smiled and then turned and headed for the door but she paused when the ground started trembling.
"That's a big one," someone said.
"That's the biggest one since they started a year ago," another person replied.
A woman said, "I wonder what they've found."
Julia thought about what Frank had said about helicopters dropping something inside that mountain but the thought vanished. It was well past lunchtime and she needed sustenance. She quickly filled her duffel bag with the things she had bought and started up the parking lot heading back home.
Then just as she stepped onto the crosswalk, a black SUV pulled up next to her and stopped. The black tented window slid down, a man dressed in a black business suit, and dark sunglasses handed her a flier. Julia felt a vibrating coming from within her. The feeling connected her to a familiar presence within her and a wave of comfort settled in her mind. She took the flier from his outstretched hand, the window slid back up, and the SUV sped off and disappeared into traffic.
The vibrating ceased and the odd feeling vanished. A minute passed as Julia watched the SUV drive off and she wondered what that was all about. Then she looked down at the flier. It read:
A temporary health clinic is opening with free care for veterans without insurance. One day only.
The date shown was for tomorrow at noon and the place was located at the strip mall across the street from the Air Force recruitment office.

How convenient, she thought, I'll go check in with the Air Force, get my papers and money straightened out but if there is a problem, all I have to do is walk across the street to see a doctor.

Her stomach growled, a little louder than normal and she started thinking about lunch again. It would be a long walk home and she was starving, so she decided on Waffle House.
It was going to take her over an hour to walk the mile from the Walmart to the Waffle House but she was proud of that time. She was in a lot of pain and she was out of shape from lying around in bed; sometimes only doing the minimum exercises her physical therapy required.
Nevertheless, she was feeling stronger. No one was helping her but she still had a will. That meant that there was still a way. When she needed the help, she believed God would send the right people at the right time.
There were many people protesting the war all over town but most of those people still thanked her or stayed quiet as they watched her walking by. Then, slowly, she remembered how Anna and Jerry had bought her dinner when she was hungry and they had driven her home when she had no ride. And the man who just paid for her things a few minutes ago came to mind. She guessed that help had already come and she was grateful. 
Julia smiled to herself.
I'm going to turn this thing around and never forget those who helped me when I was in need.

She started down the main road toward her home. The Waffle House was calling. She decided to order the biggest meal she could and take the leftovers home for dinner.
As she walked down the side of the road, she ignored the staring people inside the oncoming traffic who slowed down in their cars to watch her odd movements. Some people honked and waved, gave her thumbs up and moved on. She tried to keep her eyes forward. She pretended that it was her beauty that was making everyone stare, but she could only laugh at that idea.
Singing always made long walks shorter, so she started humming a tune she had learned at basic training but the memories of her being able to jog and do general physical exercise made her stop. Songs she use to sing with Noah came to mind but those nearly sent her over the edge and finally she settled on the latest pop songs she had heard on the radio.
The time passed quickly and she entered Waffle House a few minutes faster than she had predicted. 
A server shouted, "Welcome to Waffle House!" and then two other employees echoed the saying without looking her way.
Julia set her bag down at a booth nearest the restroom. A few minutes later a young lady approached her and said, "Hello Sarg–"
Julia said, "I'm not a Sgt. you can call me Julia."
The lady smiled and said, "Julia my name is Betty."
Two men were sitting in the booth in front of Julia. The oldest of the men turned to Julia and said, "Julia, make sure Betty doesn't cook your Waffle. Let Andrew do it."
Andrew, the cook, turned and smiled. He was a young Asian man. Julia thought he was cute and somewhat out of place here. Everyone seemed to brighten a little in the presence of his smile.
Andrew said, "Betty can cook a waffle as good as I can. She just got busy one night and let one get a little too crispy and this man never let her live it down."
"All I'm say–en is, how do you screw up a waffle at the Waffle House?"
"Oh shut up Barney and drink your water," Betty said.
"Well it's even harder to screw up water, but she did it. Just don't ask her for a cup half full with ice. This woman only likes full cups!"
Andrew laughed. He said, "Barney only picks on you if he likes you."
Betty shook her head at Barney then looked at Julia and said, "Now miss Julia, can I take your order."
Barney winked at Julia and then returned to his meal. Julia couldn't help but smile as she turned her attention to Betty and said, "I need to look at the menu but for now, I'll take a pecan waffle with chocolate chips and a cup of coffee. And I'd like it if you'd make the waffle."
Barney turned back around and said, "Eat it at your own peril."
"I'll take my chances Mr. Barney," Julia said with a smile as Betty turned and headed for the waffle makers.
Julia picked up the menu and started looking it over. So much has changed since she had last stopped at a Waffle House.
After a few minutes, Betty returned with a golden brown waffle stuffed with pecans and topped with melting chocolate chips.
"Wow, that looks perfect Betty," Julia said.
Barney said, "I knew she could do it."
"Oh shut up Barney!" Betty said with a smile.
Julia tucked the menu into the slot behind the salt shakers and said, I'll take the Great Omelet Special but can you just bring me the Omelet on a plate and put the rest into a to–go container?"
"Yes mam, and how would you like that omelet cooked?"
"She wants it old fashion," Barney snapped, "None of that blender stuff."
Julia nodded and said, "Make it a stake omelet, old fashion and put everything else you can fit inside it too."
Betty turned and spoke the order to Andrew who arranged condiments on a plate to indicate exactly how she wanted her order made.
Julia gave thanks to God for her food, took a bite into her waffle and moaned. It was so good she could hardly control herself. Then she sipped her coffee and devoured the rest of the waffle just before Betty set a plate down filled with the largest omelet stuffed with the most extras she had ever seen in her life."
Julia looked down at her stomach as a low rumbling began vibrating her insides. At first, she thought that the strange sensation was something only she could feel but slowly the whole restaurant began shaking. Her eyes went wide as the trembling increased tipping over saltshakers and rattling glasses. Then, suddenly the trimmer stopped.
"That was a big–en! Been happening a lot more since last night. They must–of found someth–en." Barney said.
Betty picked up all the fallen saltshakers and cleaned off the tables. She said, "Those guys are sure getting sloppy."
Andrew flipped over a sizzling stake and turned around. He said, "They're blasting all the time, day or night."
"Hey," Barney said as he raised a finger, "Don't get persnickety young man. Those guys are employing lots of people in those mines. Not everybody can be class A cooks."
"I applied to be a miner," Betty said.
Barney put his fork down and said, "You aren't no miner Betty."
"Why do you say that, can't girls be miners?" Betty asked.
"Perhaps some can, but not you. Why don't you try for one of those computer type jobs they've posted in the paper," Barny said.
"I can't operate a computer. You see how advanced we are here," Betty waved her ticket book to indicate the whole restaurant. Then she pulled out her flip phone and said, "This's about as far as my expertise with technology goes."
Barney shook his head. He said, "You're going to last a hell of a lot longer learning spreadsheet then you will blasting holes in some damn cave."
Julia's eyebrows rose. She needed a job; she was very good with computers and many different kinds of programs. The Air Force had spent a lot of money training her with alternate cover stories, so her skills would fit the undercover–jobs she took. The mission would be accomplished.
While she was undercover, she could fly small jets and airplanes, helicopters, manage a small business, clean house, reprogram a computer or repair a cell phone; and dance...
Her heart sank as she realized she would never dance again...
Then she looked down. Her omelet was almost finished, so she withdrew two of her pain pills from her bottle, checked that she had four left and then replaced the bottle in her bag.
Betty took Julia's extra food from Andrew and slid it inside a to–go bag. She placed it and a cup of water down on Julia's table and she whispered, "I think Andrew likes you," she glanced back at Andrew then she leaned closer to Julia's ear and said, "I don't know what was going through his mind when he cooked that omelet of yours but it sure was sweet."
Julia looked past Betty. Andrew was good looking.
She shook her head and thought, 

What would a man like that want with a girl like this?

This was going to be a long walk home. The thought of lost romance hurt even though it was the last thing she wanted right now...
She looked back up at Betty and gave the best smile she could and nodded. Then she took the glass of water, swallowed the pain pills and thought, 

At least these pills numb more than just back pain…
The idea of interviews and painful walks reminded her that she might need a rental car tomorrow and she asked, "Does anyone know where I can get a rental car?"
Barny pointed toward the Walmart and said, "There's a car rental place behind the Walmart."
"Thanks Barney," Julia said as she began stuffing her duffle bag with the to–go box.
She used the bathroom, paid for her meal and left Betty a big tip. Then she thanked Andrew and Betty for making such a great dinner.
She looked at the main road and she could feel every muscle and bone in her body begging her to find a place behind the restaurant and take a nap.
She paused at the front entrance and thought, 
that was a crazy idea...

Then she smiled to herself, 
The meds must be working.

She glanced back and saw Andrew watching her with a strange look on his face. He waved to her and she waved back like a teenager, dropped her hand quickly when she realized what she was doing, turned and started walking home.
The day was turning cold and that was the last thing she wanted. She should have gotten a jacket at Walmart but she gambled that spring would soon be here and she could just ware layers. 
"I must have been high when I thought of that," she said through chattering teeth, "Yea Jules, don't buy a jacket the day after it snows..." She shivered as her right leg pulled her bum left leg forward. "What a dumb idea," she mumbled to herself, "I needed to save what little money I have until I can get a job... or die. I know, I can just die of frostbite. There's a viable alternative, another injury to add to the list; broken back, bum leg and frozen limbs. Good thinking ahead. GO ME! How the hell did I survive two years in theater?" She knew the meds were messing with her thinking, so she stopped b rating herself.
As she walked along the side of the road, she noticed cars slowing as they passed her by. She felt self–conscious about every odd movement her body made.
Ever since she had grown out of the tomboy–phase people had watched her every move. When she was a teenager, she had asked her uncle about this. He told her, "You're a hottie sweetheart, get used to it. Now don't go bringing home somebody I'm goanna have to shoot."
The memory of her uncle made her smile.
Now people are staring at me for different reasons.

Another car slowed as the driver craned her neck to look at Julia. Julia glanced at the woman and then back down at the road– heard tires screeching, looked up and saw that the woman almost rear–ended the car in front of her.
A few minutes later, a plastic bottle flew past her. Julia flinched, turned toward the road and saw a man dressed in a plaid shirt looking forward with his middle finger showing. He yelled, "Serves you right! You bunch of baby killers!"
The truck behind him blew its horn but the man in the car just raised his middle finger into the air. A large, bearded man stepped out of his truck but the car pulled off the main road, made a U–turn at the light and sped off. The bearded man gave Julia a sly smile, returned to his truck and left.
Julia closed her eyes and remembered what it felt like to run. She wanted to run right now.
She was used to being the strong one, the fit one. After her parents died, her uncle never helped her do anything. He was a drunk but he was a nice, functional drunk. After work, he would come home and drink for hours as she worked on her homework. When they went hunting together, he'd tell her, "Julia, you're not all alone but I won't be around forever. You gotta learn to find your own way and don't expect nobody to help you."
Julia opened her eyes and traffic was at a standstill. To her right sat a car full of Children. Like fish trapped in an aquarium, the children stared at the unusual world outside made of gigantic Hollywood replicas and blazing lights. Eventually they settled on the most odd–looking thing they could see, her.
Julia couldn't blame the kids for staring at her. She only wished their fascination with her were because of the way things used to be.
Having to admit to herself that she had a broken body was the hardest part. She hated it when someone held the door for her, not because she was a beautiful lady but because it helped her enter or leave a room. The sad thing was that it really did help; some doors were really big… But, she still hated it because every time she let someone hold the door for her, she had to admit to herself that something really had changed. To her, that meant she was weak.
She said to herself, "My body may be weak now but it will get stronger. My mind," she wanted to say, "It has never been stronger!" However, she felt dizzy. "I guess I'll have to work on my mind too."
Then she wondered why she was talking to herself so much…
She looked back over at the kids who were staring at her from inside the car and she made a funny face at them. The two children laughed and then made funny faces back at her. Then the red light turned green and all the cars moved on.
At her current pace, it would be a very long walk home and she needed something more to get her mind off all the people staring at her. She sang the theme song from Sesame Street but forgot most of the words and began improvising with her own lyrics. After a while, when her lips started to tingle and go numb, she lost interest in singing.
It was getting very cold. The cold was its own distraction. She started fantasizing about standing in front of the fireplace. Then she imagined sitting in front of it eating the rest of her dinner, warm and comfortable curled up inside her sleeping bag listening to the fire popping and dreaming of a day when she could dance.
In her mind, she was already home and soon her body would be there too. For her, just like the many times she was deep undercover, this discomfort was just a passing moment, a cold moment but she would be home soon.
Julia pulled out her cell phone and tried her son again but she got nothing. A sense of panic started to eat away at her insides.
There had to be something wrong,

Rand may be a jerk but he would never keep Noah away from me like this.

Julia turned at the sound of a car slowing in the parking lot to her left and she readied herself to see another person staring at her. The driver side window rolled down and Andrew smiled back at her.
"Hi Julia, it's a little cold to be walking like this; want a ride?"
Before she could think about it, she found herself nodding and walking around to the passenger side door. The cold had started to set in and it was only getting darker. Andrew had the door swinging open as she approached. He reached out a hand and wiggled his fingers and she instinctively handed him her bag. Then he waited with a smile as she very slowly climbed inside the cab and fastened her safety belt.
When she looked ready Andrew said, "So, where're we heading?"
Julia relaxed a little when she felt the heat on full blast. Soft music, like the kind she heard on public radio, played quietly in the background. Drifting through the air was a distinct smell that she knew well from her high school days. She said, "Just go like you're heading towards Dollywood but turn left just before the theme park."
Andrew put the Jeep in drive and they started down the road. He reached into the ashtray and pulled out a joint. He said, "You're obviously in a lot of pain. I don't know what crap they have prescribed to you but I promise you this stuff will help all that without all the crazy side effects."
Julia pulled out her bottle of pain meds and said, "Thanks but I just took two pills a few minutes ago." Julia didn't want to take any chances with the law when the government still had her money.
Andrew looked at the bottle. He said, "Oh, you have Oxie. That'll do the job all right. But take this anyway; you might change your mind later." Before she could answer, he reached over and put the joint inside her jacket pocket.
"I wasn't born yesterday," Julia said, "I know what that stuff is and you're probably right but you can't get a job in this state with that in your system. Even a doctor can't prescribe that to you here."
"You're a veteran, right?"
"Yes."
"Did you get those injuries in the war?"
Julia suddenly felt self–conscious. For a second, for just a moment, she was starting to feel like a normal person again. She said, "Yes, this happened while I was on duty."
Andrew nodded and was quiet for a moment. He looked out the window toward the mountains.
Julia said, "What happened to me is classified Top Secret."
Andrew looked back at her, "But, you're going to tell me anyway."
"I can't tell you anything specific other than this, I was trained to spot the bad guys. I can fly small aircraft."
"You're a pilot!"
"I was a pilot. With the kind of drugs they have me on now it's hard to think clearly. I'm not qualified to throw a paper airplane."
Andrew laughed. He asked, "Is that how you got hurt, a plane crash?"
"There was some kind of electrical accident… Actually, I don't even know what happened. I just woke up like this."
"So you were a G.I. Jane?"
"I was more like a scout and when I had to, I made things go boom."
Andrew glanced at her and then back at the road in front of them. He asked, "Did you ever kill anyone?"
Julia let out a deep breath. She said, "You're the first person to ask me about this."
"You gotta talk to somebody," he replied.
Julia had so many things that had gone wrong swirling in her mind that her brain hurt. The pain medicine had the dual effect of giving her relief from the pain and allowing her a reprieve from heavy thinking.
She realized that she had spent the last year in a mental state of limbo. She had been so heavily medicated that she wasn't even sure how she had gotten on that Greyhound bus. Now was the time for heavy thinking but her brain felt like mush.
Her ex–husband, her son and all of her funds were missing... She barely had enough to cover the basics. Those things, those few very important things at the front of her mind had allowed her to bury her deepest sadness in order to focus on the present. She had forgotten a great deal of things that she had sworn to herself that she would work out later. And as her mind skipped across disjointed memories, she realized that many of her most celebrated victories had come with a great cost.
Now this young man, a Cook from Waffle House, had asked her a direct question, a simple question that had an answer but all she wanted to do was cry.
Andrew watched as her body deflated. He said, "If you're ashamed of what you did in the war you don't have to talk about it to me. I'm not here to judge you… Sometimes I just talk before my brain has a chance to edit those thoughts."
Julia answered, "There are so many things I regret but I'm not ashamed of being a soldier."
Andrew nodded and said, "But you wish there were another way."
Julia closed her eyes. She said, "I have dozens of confirmed kills. Actually, I only killed one person the rest were because of me."
"So what about that one?"
"I was escorting a team of Sea… Soldiers to an enemy's secret base. We had to clear the building next to the base. That means we had to go from room to room checking that all the rooms were empty of people. I was usually the last one to enter the room and it was the same this time. Somehow, the guys had missed the young man sitting in the corner with a rifle in his hands. They had already secured the rest of the family that was living in the house."
"So you guys busted in those peoples house without a warrant?"
"This is war and we're not in America. And yes, we just busted in this family's house and started arresting everyone."
"So they were like terrorists, right? You started arresting everyone because they were terrorist, right?"
Andrew turned down the road heading towards Dollywood and Julia pointed toward the oncoming sign that marked her road. He nodded, turned his left blinker on, drove the short distance and then turned left.
"That's my driveway right there," Julia said.
Andrew pulled into her driveway and stopped before the mailbox. Julia started to get out of the Jeep but then stopped and looked Andrew in the eyes and said, "The family living inside that house was not terrorists. They were just the family who happen to live in a house next to a building where a few men had been plotting to blow up bridges, mosque or anyone that didn't agree with them. We needed that house cleared."
Andrew nodded silently.
"The soldiers in front of me had cleared the first two rooms and were walking out of the third room when the young man standing just to my left raised his rifle. Without thinking, I pulled out my knife and threw it at him. It pierced his throat, severed his carotid artery and cut his larynx. He fired a single shot as his body hit the ground. His mother was screaming and crying. We almost had to kill his sister as she tried to get to her dying brother...
"I was in a state of shock. In that moment, I was only trying to protect the soldiers who were assigned to me; they were my family. They were my brothers..."
Andrew didn't look away from her.
Julia continued, "I now know that the young man was only trying to protect his family whom we had arrested. I don't know if he knew what the people next door were doing."
Julia felt her heart pounding and she could hear her shaky voice.
Andrew leaned over and wrapped his arms around her. It was a good hug, a long hug that seemed to draw upon her sadness and replace it with his peace. He wasn't condemning her and she felt no pity in his touch. Then without a word, he slowly released her and she opened the Jeep door.
The cold stung her face where tears had streamed down her cheeks. She wiped them aside. Now wasn't the time for weakness; that time would come soon enough.
Andrew handed her the duffel bag and said, "Can I have your phone number Julia?"
"I don't even know it," she laughed as she pulled out her phone, "I just got this phone today."
Andrew said, "Then called me, 555–515–1224."
Julia dialed the number, waited for his phone to ring, then hung up her phone. She said, "Good night Andrew and thank you for the ride."
Andrew nodded and smiled as she closed the door and turned toward her mailbox. He turned around and drove off. Suddenly she realized how dark it had become.
She opened the mailbox and saw it stuffed with bills, legal form letters and papers. She quickly closed the mailbox again.

This can wait until morning.

A few minutes later, she was inside the house building a small fire in the fireplace. She called her son again but got the voice mail. She said, "Noah this is mommy. Call me as soon as you can, I miss you so much. I'm staying at our house. Send me some word that you're okay. Send me something. Let me know that you're okay." The phone clicked when she hit the end button. Then she unrolled her sleeping bag, took off all her clothes and fell asleep.
In her dreams, she felt as if she was rising. She was flying higher than she had ever flown before. A big tree stood in the distance. This was the largest tree she had ever seen. Its leaves were as large as clouds and it shimmered where its canopy touched the edge of space…
Chapter 4
Julia felt trembling and she awoke. The feeling of something roaring her name from deep within her mind faded as the last part of her dreams slipped away into forgetfulness. Her eyes shot up as she looked around the room and the trembling softened and then died. It was still dark outside.
The shaking had caused smoke tendrils to rise from the ashes of her fireplace. She sat up, took the closest phone book and tour out a few sheets of paper, stacked a few small logs and rekindled the fire. She pulled the sleeping bag up to her face and watched the flames. She imagined that she looked like a great worm from one of her favorite childhood novels. 

If only I could control my body the way those women could do in those books, perhaps I wouldn't need so much pain medicine.

She didn't want to leave her warm cocoon. The thought of the freezing metal–braces pinned against her bones put an edge on the pain in her spine. She reached out and quickly added twigs, bark and then small logs to the fire. Once the fire was nice and hot and she began feeling her face again, she crawled outside of her sleeping bag.
Her stomach growled but it was hunger and not that strange vibrating that left her feeling paranoid that someone was searching for her. She reached over to her duffle bag and pulled out a can of beans, opened the lid and set it in the fire.
As the fire heated up her beans, she saw her leftovers from Waffle House and the jar of instant coffee. She poured all the leftovers into a tin Pan and set it on the fire. She took the tin cup and realized that she was out of water.
She sighed feeling tired and lazy. The thought of water made her want to take a bath but it would be a lot of work to get everything ready. All she wanted to do was take her meds and lay in bed all day.

However, on second thought, a year of lying around was enough.

She was going to see an Air Force officer today. The doctors were going to examine her and she was going to get a job.

I’ll need to be very clean.

She picked up her phone and looked at the time: 5:45 AM. She had to fix the well pump before she could get one drop of water. It would be a lot of work just to fill up her tin cup. The thought of all the pumping it would take to fill a bathtub had her body hurting.
She put back on the clothing she had warn last night, took what she needed to fix the pump and stepped onto the back porch. The morning air was very crisp. The thick mountain fog concealed the beautiful range of peaks and valleys but she looked past all that and fixed her eyes on the broken pump.
She pulled a flashlight out of her pocket. It was time to get to work.
It took 45 minutes to get the old pump off the well. She had taken a few breaks to warm up her hands in the fire, stir her food and take a few bites. Then 10 more minutes to remove the broken hinge that had snapped off the pump and then another 20 minutes to put it all back together again. When everything was ready, she held her breath as she slowly pumped the lever up and down and then her squeal turned into laughter as water began trickling out of the spout.
She walked back inside, stirred and ate a little more food and took the tin cup along with a few plastic bags back outside. After filling everything with water, she returned to the house in four separate trips and set her tin cup in the fire. Then she rinsed out her old bathtub, stuck a plastic bag in the drain, got more water and then, after several more trips to the well she filled the bathtub up with a few inches of very cold water.
The pain in her body was unbearable. She let the water sit in the bathtub as she emptied the steaming food from the tin pan and scraped it back into the plastic plate. Then she found a small cooking pot that she must have bought from Walmart and filled it, along with her pan, with water and stuck it back on the fire. Then as the water heated, she took her pain medicine and ate the last of her breakfast.
When she was done eating, she took her pot and pans of hot water and the shampoo into the bathtub and held her breath as she stepped into the very cold water. A squeal escaped as the cold water cut to the titanium pins in her bones. She gasped as the jolt of pain moved into her limbs. Then she breathed quick breaths and poured the hot water from the pot and pans over her to rinse off.
After washing and then drying off in front of the fireplace, she put on her new civilian clothes, which fit where they should and she felt like a woman again.

Today is going to be a busy day.

She sat down before the fire one more time and drank a cup of coffee. The hot liquid warmed her from the inside and she felt her brain begin to wake up. The time on her phone said 8:24 AM. There was just enough time to walk to the Air Force recruiting office just as they opened.
On the way out, she stopped by the mailbox and removed all the mail. As she walked, she thumbed through all the old advertisements and tossed them into her duffel bag. These bills had been sitting in the mailbox for a very long time.
All but a few letters in the mail were unpaid bills. A few letters stood out. The one that caught her attention the most was from Child Protection Services. She swallowed hard thinking that maybe something had happened to Noah.

What if he had been waiting for me all this time?

Then she remembered Tonya from the bank saying that Child Support had withdrawn against her account but since the account was depleted, they had put it on hold.
She ripped open the sealed envelope and pulled out the oldest dated letter. The letter read that she had 30 days to pay the balance of her Child Support dues or they would arrest her, suspend her license to drive and revoke her passport. She laughed at that, wondering what the Air Force would do if she couldn't travel around the world and take care of business because Child Support had revoked her passport. She knew they'd make her pay and she'd be glad to pay but...
Why would they revoke my driver's license and passport if they wanted me to keep my job or get a new one?

The drug was making her feel better. Her body was hurting less but with it, her mind lost focus, so she guessed that she misunderstood what the letter was saying. Then she read it again but the meaning of the letter was the same. She wondered why they would take away the very thing she needed in order to make money and pay child support?
She tossed the letter into her duffel bag and opened the next three envelopes from them. They all said the same thing; only this letter said that they had suspended her license to drive. There was a number on the bottom of the letter, so she pulled out her phone and called it. Surely, these people could understand that she was going through a hard time and that by suspending her passport and driver's license they would only cause further harm.
An automated voicemail answered and after selecting a few buttons, a very bored sounding woman referred to herself in the third person as Mrs. Smith. Julia said, "Hi Ms. Smith my name is Julia. My number is 842248. I am on my way to rent a car. I'm applying and will have an interview for a new job, hopefully today. I just returned home from the war and I haven't been able to speak with my son or ex–husband. Could you please reinstate my driver's license, I promise you my intentions and actions have only been in the highest interest of my child."
Mrs. Smith's voice took on an air of authority, "Well you should have thought of that before you stopped paying your child support. I can't reinstate your driver's license until you pay the minimum $700 and then sign a promissory note that you will pay $600 every month until your child reaches adulthood."
Julia said, "I have a little over $300 in my name right now. I just came home and found myself in the most difficult situation I have been in since my parents died. I just took a bath in freezing cold water, in a house with no electricity and I ate food that I heated in my fireplace. Can you please explain to me why you have taken away my license to drive when that is the very thing that would help a crippled lady find a job and keep it?"
"I did not make the law Miss. You are required to pay the minimum $700 and then you can get your license back."
"But if I had my license now I can get a job now. I am more than happy to pay whatever my son needs. Miss Smith, I will have a job interview today. I have to see a doctor. I am in a lot of pain and I have to make many other very important errands. Can I give you 25% of all the money I have now and then you give me back my license? And can my ex–husband do anything about this?"
"Your ex–husband can drop his case with child support services and that would get your driver's license back. And, no ma'am I'm not going to say this again, you must pay $700 in full and be able to pay $600 every month from then on– then I can reinstate your driver's license."
"My Uncle, God rest his soul, was an alcoholic, He got DUIs but they gave him a temporary license to drive to work and back? Can't you at least give me a permit to drive to work and back? Wouldn't that be in the best interest of my child?"
"I already told you. Pay the $700 and sign the note that you won't be a deadbeat anymore. Now, is there anything else I can do for you Miss."
"A deadbeat!" Julia yelled and then hung up the phone. She was ready to throw it as hard as she could onto the asphalt road but at the last second, she realized she would only be hurting her arm and therefore hurting her son too.
Instead, she tried calling her ex–husband's phone number again but the voice mail picked up. She said through gritted teeth, "What are you doing? Are you that mad at me that you kick me when I'm at my lowest? All you've ever done is hurt me. I've supported you all these years," Tears began flowing and she inhaled sharply," All I need is a little more time. "Call Child Support, get them to give me back my driver's license and then call me!"
Then she hung up and the ground began to shake. The shaking continued longer than it normally lasted and she began to wonder if her anger had triggered it...
She shook her head, as she wiped away the tears thinking that was silly. She looked toward the mountain where the mining had been going on but tall trees blocked the way for her to see it. Her imagination got the best of her and she envisioned blowing up the whole damn mountain. The thought triggered a succession of other memories from the war, many of which all ended with bombers, fire and death. 
She closed her eyes, feeling trapped and all alone. The thought of taking all her pain meds came–

How easy it would be to make all these problems go away…

Then the idea went and she shook her head. She still didn't know where her son was. Above all else, locating him was the most important thing she could do. Giving up was not an option now but there were so many problems between her and finding her son. She ignored the passing cars until an old jeep stopped in fron of her. She smiled it was Andrew.
He had the door open when she approached and when she sat down he had a big smile on his face. She really liked that smile. She said, "What is a guy like you working as a cook at Waffle House?"
Andrew's smile widened. He said, "Why, I was waiting for a girl like you to walk in my store, so I could cook her dinner."
"You are so full of it. I bet you say that to all the girls."
"No, I just said that to one beautiful girl. A girl who'd rather make me drive up and down the road from 8 AM until 9:30 AM rather than call me and ask for a ride. I'd only say those kinds of things to that very special girl."
Julia wanted to kiss him right then but instead she looked out the window. She said, "Andrew, you don't want anything to do with a girl like me."
Andrew laughed, "And you're telling this to a guy who's a cook at Waffle House."
Julia shook her head, "There's nothing wrong with being a cook at Waffle House. My guess is that one day you'll be running not just one Waffle House but 50 of them."
"Well, I am in college for business management. And Julia, we don't have to get serious or anything I just think you're very pretty and I would love to be the man who helps you when you need it most."
"I don't need a sugar daddy."
Andrew laughed as he pointed to his cook's apron. "Not charity, not really because right now, I just want to be a good friend and when you're ready, I want you to be thinking of me. Besides, I don't have much to give right now anyway but I'll do what I can."
Now Julia really wanted to kiss him but she laughed and said, "You're a cheese ball."
Andrew nodded and smiled showing his teeth. He asked, "So where are you heading now?"
"I am heading all over the place," Julia said, "I've got to get a new calling card, I have to stop by the Air Force recruitment office and then,"she pulled out the flyer for the free health clinic today, "I have to see a doctor before I start smoking weed with you."
Andrew rolled his eyes and said, "Okay, let's go to Walmart."
They pulled into Walmart and Andrew parked the Jeep. Before she could say anything, he jumped out of the Jeep and ran inside. Julia opened her door, climbed down onto the parking lot and started walking. But before she could get to the entry doors, Andrew ran back out of Walmart, past her, jumped in the Jeep and then pulled up next to the front doors where she was standing– shaking her head. He opened the Jeep door for her and said, "We'll get in." He waved a $50 calling card and Julia slowly climbed back in the Jeep.
When she got in the Jeep, she pulled out a $50 bill and handed it to him. He said, "No, it's my gift for you."
"Thank you Andrew but it's okay, I've budgeted for it."
Andrew shook his head and said, "Where're we going now?"
Julia looked at him for a long moment. He placed his hands on the steering wheel and looked forward.
"I need to go to the Air Force office now. This may take a while."
"I can wait," Andrew said.
"Andrew, you are very sweet but what I have to say to these officers may require security clearance. Hell, they may not even have high enough security clearance to answer my questions. If you are with me, it's just going to make this take longer."
Andrew sank in his seat a little as his shoulders drooped and his eyes looked away from her eyes. Then he tried to hide his disappointment but it was too late. He asked, "When will I see you again?"
"When's the next time you work?"
"I work tonight from 9 PM until 2 AM."
"Okay, I will stop by Waffle House on my way home and you can make me another one of your amazing omelets."
As if a light bulb in his head had just turned on, Andrew's eyes brightened. He said, "I'll be waiting."
Julia entered the Air Force recruitment office with war on her mind. This madness had to stop. She had not worked so hard and been through so much for her to end up homeless or in jail.
A tall man in a crisp uniform greeted her at the door and led her to a seat in front of a small metal desk. He asked, "How can I help you Miss?"
Julie explained everything that had happened to her since getting off the Greyhound bus. Then she handed him her driver's license and he began to type her information into his computer. After several minutes, he looked over his screen and said, "Julia, I don't have a single record of you ever being in the Air Force or in any military."
Julia snorted, "I walked into this very office over four years ago and joined the Air Force. Where is Officer Peterson? In fact, why don't you contact my commanding officers and we can let them tell you what I've been doing for the past few years."
The officer smiled and shook his head. Then she gave him the name and rank of everyone she knew within her chain of command.
The officer typed in each person's name and each time the computer gave the same answer, "THIS FILE CANNOT BE REACHED."
The officer began making phone calls and then they waited... 1hr:30 minutes later he got a return call and the color in his face seemed to drain. Slowly, he hung up the phone and looked at Julia. He swallowed hard and said, "Miss Anderson, I am sorry but I can't help you right now."
"What do you mean you can't help me right now. I know you just talked to someone who told you something very important about me. My life is falling apart now and I need your help!"
Then everyone turned toward the mountains as a boom followed by aftershocks rippled through the ground. The trembling continued for several seconds as everyone gripped their desk. When the Earth had stopped shaking Julia said, "And what about all that damn shaking? What is going on in that mountain?"
The officer held his breath as he glanced at the other officers in the room. He said, "Mining."
Then the officer reached in his back pocket and pulled out all the cash in his wallet. He handed it to Julia but Julia shook her head and said, "I have more than enough money if you guys would just give me what I earned."
"Julia, believe me if there was more I could do right now I would do it. It seems that a whole lot more than just files have gone missing. Although I don't have more information about you right now, every person on that list has vanished. These are all, special officers, so for you to have named all of them is very suspicious. The officers on the phone were acting weird too."
"Weird, what do you mean by weird?" Julia asked.
"I don't know. One minute they seemed normal, and then the next minute they acted as if they didn't know what I was talking about. When I asked them again about you, they told me to call back later... Off the record, I believe you Miss. But, since you do not exist on any of our records, I can't help you more. What I can do is give you what I have right now and follow–up with you as soon as possible. I have your number. As soon as I know something, I will call you."
Julia was ready to vent her rage at him but the sincerity in his gesture made her think twice. Things were going very badly. As she thought about it, all of this connected–somehow to her accident. She had been moved from hospital to hospital and no one would tell her where she was. Her military records had vanished, her bank accounts erased and even her son and ex–husband were missing. Now all of her commanding officers were missing two...
The officer stood up and walked around the desk. He helped Julia to her feet and placed the cash in his hand inside her bag. Her mind felt fuzzy. She didn't want more charity but now she really needed it. The officer turned and started toward the door, opened it for her and then held it open as she slowly made her way outside.
She walked to the end of the strip mall and stared out into the mountains. She was in a daze as if someone had just struck her hard on the back of the head. After a moment, she realized that she was staring at the mountain where all the mining had been going on.
She thought,
I have to keep moving forward.

The pain in her neck and back, the pain in her whole body reminded her of the free clinic just across the street. She looked at her phone, saw that she had 20 minutes to get there and she left.
Chapter 5
A lone cloud slowly passed over Julia's head as she drew upon her energy reserves. Since the accident, everything had gone wrong. She thought it was funny how her present misery had found every little pain in her body, and she had a lot of bodily pain, and right now it had her full attention. She wanted the doctor to see the kind of pain she was in though she doubted he would question the level of pain medicine she was going to request once he saw the scar on her back.
She couldn't stop her mind from going on and on, over and over every crisis she faced. In a way, it was exactly what she needed. She had to face these problems. Her son, the light of her life, the one she thought about when nothing made since, was missing. That alone was enough to drive her mad. The next step was to call the police. She had no safe place to live. Her plan to buy the home she was now living in with all the money she had saved, and let her ex–husband and son live in it had evaporated with her bank account. There wasn't even power on the house.
Andrew came to mind and she smiled. At least she had made a friend. And as she looked up, she saw the same SUV she had seen at Walmart yesterday drive into the parking lot across the street. A man and a woman got out of the vehicle and began unloading a tent. It was a design she knew well from the Air Force. The two had the tent assembled within minutes. The sound of gunfire echoed as they used a nail gun to drive concrete nails in to the asphalt. Then they secured the tent to the nails and started unloading chairs and other equipment. The young lady posted a sign facing the highway saying, "Medical Clinic, Corporate Mining Ink."
Julia took a breath and started across the street.

At least I might get a check–up and some pain meds.

The loud BANGs from the nail–gun had attracted the attention of many spectators who were now busy typing into their phones. Julia moved very slowly, as usual, and by the time she made it to the tent a small line had formed on the side of the tent marked, "Entrance."
As soon as she took her place in the back of the line, the tent opened and the line of people before her began filing in. She moved so slowly that a few people became impatient with her and simply cut in line.
When she entered the clinic, it looked like one of the instant military field bases she had assembled many times before. It was a large hoop–house filled with people sitting in rows of chairs. Several of the people smiled and made a place for her to sit down.
When she was seated the doctor came out and said, "Thanks everyone for enduring the mining and trembling over the past year. I assure you that soon the rumbling will stop." The doctor had glanced over at Julia several times as he spoke but when he had finished his last sentence his gaze had settled on her for a long, uncomfortable moment.
The young nurse moved oddly as she passed out patient intake forms. Her movements seemed robotic. It looked like a child with a faulty remote was controlling her. The Nurse spoke in a monotone, "This medical clinic is here to treat only one type of injury. All other injuries are referred to the local hospital or you can return in a few weeks for the General Health Examinations Clinic."
Julia waited for the nurse to finish passing out the papers. She watched the faces of people around her as they read the intake from and she understood their disappointed looks; she needed medical attention too.
Julia couldn't believe how long it was taking the nurse to pass out the forms. The first group of people she had given the letter to started to leave. She was about to leave when the doctor approached her and handed her an electronic tablet. The same comforting feeling she had felt yesterday in the parking lot, when she received the flyer came over her. However, this was a different man. The vibrating within her had come again too as he had approached but it lessoned as the doctor took a few steps back.
Then the nurse handed out another E–tablet to one other man with an injured arm. Julia looked back down at her tablet. It showed text detailing the company's international presence and it explained the new technologies, which "Only the military has access to," and that they were to "Introduce their newest innovation right here and now." However, they only had enough of the "Re–mobilizing Foam," for two people. One test case would be for someone with limited mobility in one limb and the other one for a person with server injuries. At the end of the text was a tab that said, "Video."
Julia pressed the tab on the tablet and the face of the young nurse filled the screen. The sound and light quality in the video was very poor and she strained to hear what the nurse was saying. It looked like the girl had just recorded it while sitting in the SUV's passenger seat on the way to the event...
Julia was starting to feel like this was some kind of reality show prank. The audio of the nurse speaking in the video increased. She said, "Please do not be alarmed when the medicine is applied. This –Lifting–foam– makes the wearer lighter than air. In order to activate the lifting affect orient your limbs and torso just slightly towards your core and three feet forward. To reduce the lifting effect, return your body to its natural resting state and you will feel as if a weight is being pressed against that particular part of your body. It is important to both move your body and visualize the direction you wish it to move using the energy ball technique."
Julia's eyes lit up. She pressed the video tab again. Then she re–wound the speech to the part about the foam lifting parts of her body. She paid close attention to the part about orienting her limbs to create the greater or lesser lifting affect.
She couldn't believe what she was hearing. She had seen some of the most advanced technologies during her time with the Air force. Jet packs, advanced suits that were bullet proof yet extremely light, which allowed her to swim faster, dive deeper and walk up mountains for hours without being tired but nothing was as simple and elegant as how this was being presented.
She raised her eyes. Half the room was empty. Some had stayed to chat with people they hadn't seen in a while but a few others had just waited. They looked curious, and they were all staring at her.
The nurse approached Julia slowly. She held out her hand to take the tablet from Julia and she saw that the nurse had a slightly glazed look in her eyes. Then she suddenly seemed alert as her eyes looked around the room but when she glanced back down at Julia, she swayed as if something was resonating within her body. Julia felt it too. There was a humming coming from inside both of them. It felt like the presence of something or someone very large. The sensation was something she could feel but not hear...
The nurse turned when a man stood up a few rows down from her and motioned for the nurse to come there. The humming feeling Julia felt lessoned but only a little. The nurse walked to the standing man and examined his injured arm and she nodded. He said, "I hurt it in a car accident but that asshole wasn't insured. The motorist couldn't pay for Physical Therapy, so I'm stuck with a bum arm."
The nurse wobbled as she nodded. Then she directed him toward the doctor. She followed and then helped him onto the table. When he was ready, she pulled a paper wall–divider to obscure him from sight.
Through the divider, Julia saw the silhouette of the nurse as she pulled out a small vile, rolled back his sleeve and sprayed a thin line of yellow glowing foam from his whist to his elbow. Then she traced his muscular pattern and added other lines to his bicep, triceps, shoulder and scapula.
Then the nurse stepped back and waited as the yellow glow faded. She nodded and he twisted his wrist supine. The left arm began to rise up. The man inhaled sharply and began moving his arm up and down, left and right as he turned his wrist and arm.
Julia heard him whisper, "It worked. The pain is gone too."
He stepped from behind the divider and every one clapped. He motioned around the room wildly at first but he quickly gained control of his arm and started pointing at imaginary things on the roof and under the chairs. Julia noticed how the upper part of his arm seemed to rise slightly out of sync with his forearm and hand. He looked a little like a break–dancer doing the wave. She watched him watching his arm. He made small corrections in the tilt of his wrist and elbow and then he pretended to draw back a bow. A broad smile spread across his face and he looked away from his arm and started shooting the audience with pretend arrows.
A few people had their camera phones out recording. She was sure this would be on the internet any minute now.
The nurse spoke again in her monotone voice, "This application may only last for a few months. I'm not sure how long this will work on humans from this world with only one application."
The man turned his head away from his moving arm and said, "What do you mean–humans from this world?"
Julia heard teeth snap together as the nurse shut her mouth. A long silent moment passed as everyone waited, and then she started laughing. The sound felt husky but genuinely amused and seconds later everyone was laughing with her."
The man looked back at his arm and started moving it around again. "You sure are a funny nurse. I was already feeling weird at being some kind of government guinea pig but when you said that my mind went bonkers."
He laughed again and others joined him with nervous chuckles but the nurse remained silent.
The nurse looked at Julia through the paper divider and she felt the vibrating deep within herself increase. There was no doubt that the woman was staring at her.
Then the nurse asked, "Is there another volunteer?"
Julia sat there thinking about being able to move again without the mind numbing effects of the meds she was taking. When she walked, the pain in her back sapped all of her strength. If she didn't get a prescription for something strong now, she was ready to smoke a fat–one with Andrew.
Then an old man behind Julia raised his hand and everyone turned to him. He said," I think that this young lady needs that treatment the most. I saw her get off the Greyhound bus yesterday. She is a hero and her service and sacrifice must never be forgotten."
Julia smiled. They didn't even know her name but they all wanted to help her. A lady stood up, took Julia's hand and lifted her to her feet and then the others came and gently tried to help her around the paper divider.
Julia said, "Okay, alright! Thank you, yes I'd like to volunteer."
She hobbled to the table. When the doctor and nurse approached, she felt a connection between the three of them. It felt like a great current of water flowing around them drawing them closer together. The feeling was pleasant, soothing and reassuring. It was as if the three of them held a shared secret but only she had the key to unlock it.

Where is the key? Julia thought.

The people who had helped Julia to the table returned to their seats, no doubt watching to see what will happen next.
The nurse and doctor waited as Julia looked at them. Julia knew all their questions. They looked at her, as two old grandparents might do; waiting for a stubborn child to give them the answer they wanted.
Then she snapped out of her trance and said, "I'm in a lot of pain. My injuries start at my neck and go all the way down to my left heal. As you can see, I can't walk very well. My right arm is useless and my left leg and foot feels like a ton of bricks. Almost all of my vertebras are fused with titanium rods and braces so; well it's hard to move. And did I say that I'm in a lot of pain?"
The nurse said, "The foam is a natural pain killer. It will relieve any pain when activated. Did you watch the video on how to activate the foam?"
"Yes."
As Julia listened, she saw in her mind what the nurse described. The nurse said, "Good, so, imagine a ball of energy floating about waste high and about three feet in front of you. Adjust or twist –orient– your body, ever so slightly toward the place where you imagine that ball. Then will yourself to move this or that way and you will feel your body lift in that direction. When you are in the air, imagine that same ball directly behind or below you and you will rise and fall."
"In the air?" Julia said.
The nurse nodded. She repeated, "In the air."
Julia didn't understand the statement. "What did you spray on that other man?" She asked.
The doctor suddenly gave the nurse a strange look. The humming Julia felt inside her changed pitch. The doctor and nurse seemed to awake from a dream. The sense of calm Julia felt began to dissipate as the connection faded. Then, through her mind's eye, she saw a vision of them mopping liquid off the floor next to something enormous. The thing she saw sparkled like orange and green gems and then the image faded but she knew they were directing the glowing fluid into the canisters they had brought to the clinic. For a moment, the nurse was unsure of what she was remembering. She blinked and looked around the room as if trying to get her bearings.
Then the Earth started trembling.
Julia held onto the table. A few people gave a silent cry as the shaking lasted longer than it ever had before and then it stopped.
The man they just gave the first foam treatment to said, "WOW, that gets funner every time; and may I answer her question doctor?"
Julia had forgotten that everyone could see her shadow on the paper divider and hear her speaking. She was almost offended then– she didn't care. If this treatment could help her, she'd strip naked, walk across the street and then sing in the town parade.
Like a silent wind approaching, the connection returned between her, the doctor and the nurse. The feeling wasn't a surprise this time but she wondered why she felt so calm. She should be freaking out right about now but she was sure this was the right thing to do. As the vibrating settled, it seemed to define itself as a real presence. She felt comforted by it, her vision wavered and she lowered her guard.
The doctor said, "Go on," and motioned for the man to come around the divider.
The man approached, smiled and said, "My name is Blake." He lifted his arm and continued, "It's like helium, but it's smart helium. Turn your wrist this way a little and it rises. I can't do all the imagining like they told you but then again this is just my arm I'm moving," he glanced at her whole body, "you're situation is a little more complicated." He let his arm –twist–rise– and then he turned his wrist the other direction and it lowered. "It doesn't even hurt and that takes some getting used to."
Julia noticed how he acted, as if he had been doing this for weeks and had discovered all its secrets.
"Perhaps you're just a good learner," Julia said.
"I... just think it's easy to learn how to do this."
Julia could see in his face that he was genuinely pleased with the results.
The doctor nodded. Julia smiled and adjusted herself in her seat, felt a sharp pain in her neck and winced.
Blake smiled and said, "Okay, I'll just take my seat now. And don't worry miss; I'm sure you are going to do great!"
As Blake left, another spasm of pain shot through the collection of nerves in her butt, which were going to sleep. Every little movement began to tingle.
The humming from inside her changed again and the doctor's voice took on a professional tone. He said, "I see you're in a lot of pain. What caused these injuries?"
The clinic suddenly became quiet as Julia looked up into the doctor's brown eyes. She wanted to know herself but she also knew that he knew something more about her. She couldn't tell if he was messing with her mind or if this was some kind of trick question. This injury didn't happen on the battlefield but the top–secret designation made it impossible for her even to say that it was electrical in nature. At least that was what she had heard the doctors say when they talked to one another about her. Then she closed her eyes as she realized she had let some of what happened to her slip to Andrew...
She held the silence for a moment longer and the doctor looked at the paper wall and nodded. He said, "This isn't the place to discuss such things, I understand your feelings." Then he paused as he looked at the scar on her neck. He leaned closer and the connection between him and her felt hot. The presence she sensed before was now emanating from him like fire. Her mind relaxed and she realized that she wanted to know more from him but deep inside she wondered why she felt so strange.
His breath caressed her neck and she felt numb as he whispered, "I know who you are. I have watched you from afar and I can make you move again. Your time has come. You will have freedom, as you have never experienced Julia. But I need your bravery."
Julia leaned away from him. His voice sounded husky and distant, as if being channeled by some far away creature who knew her intimately; as if the presence she felt was speaking directly to her through him.
The doctor stepped back and looked at the nurse. The nurse said, "Take off your clothes?" Then she turned and opened a black suitcase and lifted two canisters, both larger than the one she had used on Blake.
Julia nodded, her mind was throbbing and she felt compelled to obey. She wasn't able to say yes but she was sure she couldn't say no to the idea of being able to move again and with less pain. The nurse set one canister down on the table and withdrew the lid on the other one.
Excitement started to build in Julia. Without a car, money or job, this treatment, if it worked, would at least help her walk around town until she could find a job. Maybe she could even walk to the mining office up on the mountain and apply for that office job today.
But who would hire someone that didn't even have a car or a license to drive...
She also wondered, 
My child support papers say I might even go to jail if I can't get them money soon.

Then she shook her head at her own thoughts.
This is a miracle.

She pinched herself and felt it join the rest of the pain she was feeling in her body.
Yep still awake.

The nurse helped her remove her blouse because she couldn't lift her right arm high enough. It normally took her an hour just to put on her clothes by herself. Then the nurse unfastened the back of her bra and set it on the chair with her top.
The doctor and nurse paused and she knew what they were looking at. It was a white scar that zigged–zagged from her upper right shoulder, just below her neck, and shot down her back and then vanished into her panties.
"You need to remove those jeans and panties too," the nurse said, "If you will lie back on the table I will help you take them off."
Julia lay back on the table and unfastened her pants. She was glad she took the time to bathe this morning. The nurse carefully removed her shoes, then pulled the jeans and panties under her butt, and then slid them off her legs.
The nurse said, "Now turn over, face down and I will apply the foam along the muscle fibers. It will feel warm and then it will be wet for a few seconds but then it will turn clear and dry. You won't notice anything until it starts working."
Julia turned over and there was another pause. She imagined the nurse and doctor following the scar continuing down her back, across her butt cutting a jagged line down to her left heel. Another moment passed then she heard a hiss and a warm wet spray circle her back, draw down each side of her spine and then down her right leg. Then a second line came down her left leg. She took her time as she applied fine lines along her buttocks and fanned out around her lower spine. The nurse returned to add lines that traced her ribs, hips, and the back of her thighs, shoulders and the back of her arms.
Instantly Julia felt lighter.
She could feel her body lifting off the table. The doctor let her body rise above the table a few inches and then they slowly flipped her over. The nurse emptied the can on her hands and her feet, set the empty can down and opened the other bottle. She applied it on her neck, chest, under and on top of her breast and down her right and left sides and then legs; just as she had done on her back. She took a few minutes to add fine lines along her ribs, thighs, the front of her arms and each finger and then each toe, the back of her head and face.
Then the nurse stepped back and the people in the clinic gasp as Julia rose up turned and twisted her body. She sprawled out, twisted, spun slowly and then floated off the table.
The nurse gently took her by her wrist and pulled her down to the table. Julia was crying. This was impossible. She felt free. It was as if her spirit had risen out of her body but it was actually her body that was floating. She couldn't hold back the tears this time. She already knew that it was a miracle that she was even alive but this... this was angelic.
It would only take time for her to master this.
As she cried, she was remotely aware of the nurse and doctor putting her clothes back on. The feeling inside her, the connection between the three of them had gone silent but it was also cleaner, as if the static in the line of communication among them had cleared. She looked at the doctor and nurse to see if they were feeling what she was feeling but they just continued putting her clothes on. When her last shoe was on the nurse and the doctor let go of her body, she began floating up above the partition! Her back was to the crowd. She heard phones clicking as they took pictures of her. Then she floated back down not wanting them to take photos of her face.
The doctor spoke and that strange feeling and voice came again. He said, "Remember the visions. Move your body the way you were shown."
Julia tested what she knew. She rotated her right arm inward and it began to lift. Reversing the motion lowered it. Then she practiced imagining the balls of energy above and behind her. Her body began orienting her movements toward each direction she thought of. Each of her movements combined and her whole body moved. Her legs, arms and bottom lifted and fell. She thought that all her jerky motions made her look possessed but she didn't care. She could move!
More tears started flowing when she realized that she no longer had any pain. She was moving unlike ever before and she didn't feel any pain! She lowered herself to the floor. The room was in an uproar as everyone was on their feet clapping and cheering.
Julia knew that everything was going to change now. She was going to find Noah, get that job at the mining company and she was going to rebuild her life.


Part2
Chapter 6
The door creaked as it slammed shut with a bang! Blake looked at Julia and started the engine.
"That was a little louder than I expected," Julia said.
"It's okay, it's an old truck," Blake replied as he waved with his newly healed hand to the people outside.
Julia turned away from him and saw the small crowd of people who had followed them out of the clinic. They were starting to gather around the truck. She bobbed inches above the passenger–seat waving goodbye while keeping her hand in front of her face.
Blake said, "You're gonna be famous! The doctor only had to fix my stubborn arm but you–you couldn't even walk…  You looked like you were in a lot of pain but after the treatment; you flew right off that table. I bet you'd really fly if you tried."
"You have a big imagination," Julia replied even as she was thinking the very same thing he had said. She might be able to fly but that's not what she wanted. Being an even bigger freak than she already felt like was not what she had in mind.
Blake placed the truck in gear, steered around the waving people and then turned onto the main road heading for Lost Mountain. He motioned with his hand, as if she was the next big attraction and said, "The flying girl from Pigeon Forge."
Julia's eyes widened!
She didn't need this kind of attention right now and she didn't like that title. Then she realized that no one knew her name, the doctor had whispered it in her ear. The law protected her medical information, so she doubted that the doctor would tell the public who she was. One other person had recognized her but he didn't know who she was and she made sure that none of the pictures they were taking captured her face. They only showed her floating at odd angles...
Right now, she needed a job.
It was going to be hard enough to sell herself as–is and without transportation.
To her, "The Flying Freak from the Smokey Mountains," qualified for only one type of job.

No one needs to know about this. I need to keep this as secret as I can until I have a secure job, a driver's license and my son back.

"We're going to Mining Inc.'s main office, right. I haven't been up his way since I was a teenager." Blake glanced over at her and added, "You look pale. Are you alright?"
Julia nodded, still imagining herself as an attraction flying around some building next to the giant King Kong. She said, "I'm just feeling very grateful but Blake, I don't want to be famous; yet. I only want to... I have some things I need to take care of that are very important."
Blake's smile vanished. He said, "I understand difficult times... I can keep your identity vague but something like this is going to be all over the social media. I've already seen pictures of you floating above the table on twitter but the paper–wall divider blocked you from view. Everyone wants to see your pretty face."
Julia's eyebrows raised and she let her breath out. She hadn't felt pretty in a very long time, even before the accident she had kept her appearance strictly Air Force regulation. She said, "Thank you Blake. And yes, I'm hoping to get a job at the mining company. I'm–good with computers, so my disabilities shouldn't be an issue."

However, she thought, 
Having my driver's license suspended by Child Protective Services might be a problem. Then she laughed to herself as she thought, I wonder, if the state revoked my pilot's license too could they stop me from... floating to work?

Then her smile disappeared as she said to herself, 
None of this is funny.

Blake turned onto Lost Mt. Road and he shifted his truck into 4x4 mode. The road had a steep incline with several sharp drop offs. After a short distance, the asphalt gave way to gravel and the sound of grinding rocks under heavy tires rumbled in the back of Julia's mind.
The grinding rocks vibrated throughout the truck's cab but she noticed a deeper growl growing in her chest. Blake remained quiet as the truck switched–back climbing up the worn–down road.
The garbled–growling sound grew inside her. She glanced at Blake but he just kept driving as if nothing was happening. The disconnected–rumbling she felt from within was scary but with her mind clear of pain medication, she realized that the sound felt real.
The past few days, hell the whole year until now had felt like a haze of events and hearing and feeling odd things seemed almost normal but it wasn't. This wasn't normal but it was real. The energy and emotion behind the expanding sensation in her chest also felt comforting. The choice to fear this or release her fear battled for her mind's permission to act or relax. The sounds from within rumbled and barked as it stretched her ability to comprehend. 
As if breaking free from the static of her mind she heard a deep voice say clearly, 
"ROU–ELA"

Julia arched her back in response to the sound and her body pressed against the seat. Every little twist or adjustment of her body had a new kind of motion associated with it that she hadn't mastered yet.
"ROULEA"

Then she saw a clear image of herself standing tall and strong. The image felt like a projection shining on the canvas of her mind…
Julia looked at Blake but he acted as if he hadn't heard or seen anything. The growling voice was coming from within her. The voice felt like it was bubbling up through hot lava and it was trying to tell her something important. She could feel and see images with each word and the message grew clearer as they drove up the road.
"SUR–HUN TR"

The blurred image of a woman frozen in action poises came and then passed.
The presence's accent sounded noble yet still gruff. Like an aristocrat speaking to a tiny friend in a foreign language and through enormous lungs. The picture in her mind of the Jolly Green Giant made her chuckle and Blake glanced at her then back at the road. The image of the Jolly Green Giant had come from her imagination, she could tell by the lack of any sensation. It was separate from the presence that was speaking to her…
Then, she felt the presence take hold of her mind and the world around her disappeared replaced by a void. She looked into the blackness and as her vision adjusted, the void filled with stars. Her lungs filled with cool air as she inhaled sharply. Her mind started working again, 
This is a vision, and I'm still inside the truck.

Then she focused. She was looking into the void of space but she didn't recognize the star pattern.
"TS COOM N MOON."

Then the blurred image of the Hunter appeared even as her awareness returned to the truck. The thought of the Hunter coming to get her made her rise an inch above her seat and Blake looked at her again. This time he seemed concerned but whatever he was thinking, he kept it to himself.
She glanced at him and then back outside the window. The sound of the road mixing with the feeling of this presence made her thoughts melt into one.
She focused on her breathing as the world outside passed by.
The idea that the hypnotic state of mind she was in could be what's triggering the connection rose into her mind.
Outside the truck, the trees opened and then blocked her vision of the mountain range beyond the road's edges. Even as the forest masked her sight, she could see the landscape in her mind. The details remained hidden until the trees passed again.

This is like the connection with the presence, she thought

She had felt this feeling and the presence before and she had heard these thoughts several times before but the meaning was clearer now, the gaps between the mental trees were wider.
The words weren't perfect but combined with the images she understood the wording, 
"The Hunter is coming soon."

Julia looked at Blake and asked, "Have you ever heard of The Hunter?"
His lips pursed and he said, "Like Orion the Hunter?"
Julia shook her head; it was something like that. Something about the stars but this wasn't about Orion. She said, "No, never mind."
The truck stopped at a makeshift parking lot next to a wide construction trailer that jutted out of the mountainside. There were two cars parked next to the office. The road continued around the back of the mountain but she was sure that this was the place to start. Above the front door read, "Mining Corporation Ink."
"This looks like the place. I'll wait here," Blake said.
Julia smiled. She said, "I just need to make sure that this is the place where I'm supposed to go for an interview. After I find out what's up inside I'll wave and you can go."
"I don't mind waiting Miss."
"Blake, my name is Julia. And, I really appreciate you driving me up this mountain but when I'm done I want to walk down. I think I need the practice."
Blake nodded and smiled and said, "Julia, it was a real pleasure to meet you. And don't you worry; your secret is safe with me."
Julia opened the door and went through the motions that made her body slide out of her seat and then settle to the ground. Her feet pressed a little too hard and she arched her foot, raised her knees slightly and her body lifted. She imagined that to everyone who could see her, she must look like a clumsy ice skater.
Blake had watched her with a smile. When she seemed to gain control he said, "You're a fast learner."
Julia nodded, "Thanks again Blake." Then she shut the door and began float–walking up the steps toward the front door. She knew Blake was watching, and probably laughing but she hoped the people inside the office didn't see how odd she was moving. Her body wobbled as she twisted and curved her arms, legs and torso in such a way for it to appear as if she were climbing the office steps under her own power.
When she reached the door, she wondered if she should knock but decided to walk in and pretend that she was exactly the person they were looking for to fill any needed positions. She opened the door and was surprised by its sturdy construction. It was made of reinforced, thick steel. The kind of door she had used in secure bases located in underground bunkers hidden around the world. However, she guessed that this was a mining company and perhaps they liked to set a good impression from the start.
The space inside the office looked a little cramped. There were no windows. The walls had inlayed wood paneling and several paintings of the mountains and other wildlife hung in wide frames spread throughout the office. To her right, two women sat behind separate desk facing the door.
The closest woman stood up and smiled. "Welcome to Mining Company Ink. How may I help you?"
Julia let her weight settle too much and she stumbled, caught herself as her body contorted and then stood up straight. The closest lady had rushed around her desk to catch her fall but stopped a few feet away when Julia seemed to gain control of herself.
"Please excuse me," Julia said as she straightened her hair and clothes, "I'm here to apply for a job."
The lady glanced back at the other woman still sitting at her desk and then returned her eyes to Julia. She asked, "What position are you looking to fill?"
"I can operate spread sheet programs. I was a computer specialist in the Air Force. They trained me to use many kinds of communications systems and I'm very reliable. Do you think any of those skills would fit your needs?"
The lady smiled and shook Julia's hand. Then she pointed to a wall full of boxes. "We have a need for data entry. We literally have a ton of papers that need to be scanned and all the information input into our data base."
Julia smiled as she shook the lady's hand. She said, "I can type 90 words per minute. Just let me at that stack of papers."
"First things first, we'll need you to fill out the standard application forms, take a few test and show us your ID," She glanced back at the woman still sitting behind her and she nodded. The lady continued, "After that we will need you to return tomorrow to meet the manager for a second interview."
Julia opened the door and waved to Blake. He waved back, gave her thumbs up, and then drove off. When she came back in, the secretary led her to a desk and then a laptop was set before her. She filled out the application forms and then took a typing test. She quickly realized that her injuries had slowed her typing speed but she still had it. She could type over 60 words per minute. Then she took a math, reading and a long psychological test. She was exhausted when she finally pressed the enter key for the last time.
The lady asked, "Do you have any questions for us?"
Julia said, "When will I start?"
"If the last interview goes well, and I don't see why it wouldn't, then you can start as soon as you're ready." The woman who had first greeted her said.
Julia stood up and walked to the door. Before she exited, the lady who had remained silent the whole time said, "If you don't mind me asking, how did you become injured; an accident... a stroke?"
Julia had hoped that her new abilities would have masked all that. She didn't think these women would know about the treatment their company had just given her but the thought had crossed her mind.
The woman bit her lower lip and Julia realized that her pause might be giving the false impression that she was offended. She said, "I was hurt while on duty in the Air Force a year ago."
"Wow, you're a hero too." the lady said in response, "Julia, I hope we see you tomorrow. You've passed all the test and you're a really good typist. We both like you, so hopefully after the last interview you can start."
Julia's smile was so broad that her face started to hurt. She said, "Thank you so much. I really need this job. I won't let you down."
"Okay, bye for now," said the first woman who had greeted her.
Julia waved as she exited the door. It was going to be a long walk home and she was excited. This was the time to train her body to move exactly as she wanted.
When she was out of view of the mining office, she began experimenting with her body.
How does this work?
This was beyond high school physics. She could feel her body lifting but there wasn't any physical sensation associated with it as she felt when stopping or going in a car.

It's like warp drive for my body but how does it know my will?

She had to both move her body and imagine the direction she wanted to go. When she only thought, over there, her motions became sluggish. She had to imagine a glowing sphere, about three feet in front of her for her bodily motions to respond smoothly and as one. It took even more practice to walk forward, turn her head and then move her arms in all different directions without spinning out of control. Her will prioritized the desired motions and allowed her to envision movements in multiple vectors. In a way it was like flying a plane but she wondered,

Where is the propulsion coming from?

She imagined the ball of energy in front of her and as she willed herself to move faster, the imaginary sphere began to elongate and she moved so fast that she had to stop.

Okay Jules, this is float–walking 101 not Advanced Theory. Slow down girl.

Then she continued practicing the combination of little movements she knew. Some of the more subtle motions worked best to make her float–walking pass for normal bi–petal movements. However, as she concentrated, she felt distracted by the growing desire to fly...
Her skin tingled. The temperature started dropping but even as it did, she felt warmer. She could take off all her clothes and she'd still feel perfectly fine. And, she was acutely aware of the pressure changes as she descended the mountain.
She still wanted to test her abilities but on second thought, she just wanted to be normal. This gift would help her do the things she couldn't do before,

Besides what other purpose would I have for this?

She was so caught up in practicing the intricate little movements that it took no time to float–walk the long way down the mountain. The pull of gravity added to her downward speed and it was tricky to navigate some bumps and small hills. She had a few more stumbles and her trip down the mountain almost ended with a face plant into the broad side of a pine tree. She quickly learned that if she ever flew, gravity could still help her go faster. 
By the time she walked past her mailbox and down the long driveway, she had mastered the tiny twist and bends that were necessary to make her legs, torso and arms move– some–what– naturally. She imagined that the casual observer would never suspect that her weight never settled with each step.
As she walked down the driveway, her mind raced with all the possibilities. She might even be able to rejoin her team in the Air Force, but that thought passed as she thought of her missing son. She had been away for so long. Rand was wrong about so many things but he was right about this, her boy needed his mother, especially while he is so young.

Nevertheless, she thought, he also needs food, clothing, shelter and a future.

Then, as she approached her home, she stopped and hovered in place. A fresh set of tires had left prints. It was dark now, so it had been hard to see but someone had come by her house today.
She followed the tracks to the front door. The moon light showed four sets of footprints, two leading to the front door and two that circled to the back of the house. The back door was still ajar, damaged from when she had first entered it using a crow bar for a key.
She was tired but instantly her mind began racing. Who had come here? What did they want and did they take anything? Her body rose an inch above the floor and silently she entered the back door, checked the whole house, and then she returned to where the tire tracks had stopped. No one was here. Whoever had come hadn't disturbed any of her things.
After going over all the information in her mind, she rechecked that the house was truly empty and she decided to buy a latch and padlock tomorrow. It was something she should have done already but hadn't.
She floated back into the house but before going to bed, she pumped some water for a bath in the morning and gathered more wood for the fire. After starting a fire and cooking dinner in a can and tin cup, she bathed, brushed her teeth and lay down.
As the excitement began to wear off about being able to move again without pain and the possibility for a new job, sadness began to sink in. She missed her son so much it was a physical pain she could feel coming from inside her chest. The treatment the doctor had given her couldn't sooth this kind of hurting. She needed help with this. Someone had to know something about what happened to her ex–husband and her little boy.
And, as she watched the fire, she felt the humming coming again from deep inside her. The memory of the voice telling her that the Hunter is coming returned but she was so tired the feeling didn't alarm her, instead it felt soothing and she matched her breathing with the rhythm she felt inside her chest. The connection was clearer than before but not as defined as it had been when she was on the mountain. It felt like a huge cat was sitting on her chest– purring but there were no words this time. In her mind, she envisioned a loving hand resting on her, protecting her, letting her know it was going to be all right...
Chapter 7
Julia opened her eyes, blinked and then wiped the sleep from her vision. The blurred image of a wood beam seen from inches away startled her and she jerked.
She was floating inches below the ceiling!
She flinched and the sudden movement rammed her head first into the ceiling! A shock of pain cut through her sleepiness and she saw stars, twisted and dropped but quickly she imagined a glowing sphere just above her and she stopped herself before she crashed into the floor.
A split second later, the pain vanished.
"Don't move a muscle," Julia said to herself as she took a few deep breaths. She had practiced float–walking all the way down the mountain and then the few miles to her house but she hadn't thought about what to do while floating horizontal, face down or face up. Then the video from the clinic, the one the nurse had made giving the doctor's instructions on how to move flooded into her mind. That, along with all she had learned from the long walk home yesterday gave her the answer she needed. She up–righted herself, crossed her legs along neutral lines and settled Indian Style before the smoldering fireplace.
Her mind felt fully awake and she wondered if smacking her face into a wooden support beam every morning would be better than a cup of coffee. She rolled her eyes and glanced down at the neatly stacked cooking dishes on the hearth.
She still wanted a cup of coffee.
Then she froze in place. She could see her breath but her skin felt warm. The room was freezing but she wasn't cold at all. She could feel energy radiating from her body like a magnet and she wondered how the treatment worked.
None of this makes sense. How did a mining company get technology like this and why aren't I in a lab? So many questions with no answers.
She was sure that the force that was holding her in the air wasn't electromagnetic. It felt anti–gravitational and something else too. She not only floated but she could produce a pushing or pulling force. The best part was she felt no pain. She wasn't numb. She could tell where the pressure was different in the room, she sensed that this was a cool space and she wasn't uncomfortable. However, she did feel hungry and she was ready to get the day started.
It took a few minutes to get the fire going and cook another can of baked beans. Then she filled all the empty cans, pans and her only tin cup with water and let it start to heat up in the fireplace.
She pulled out a bottle of hot sauce from her bag, dumped a healthy supply of it on her beans and started eating. The fire crackled and her mind relaxed as her breathing became even. She methodically fed herself as she watched the fire licking the cans filled with water. Little bubbles started gathering inside the cans. The idea that soon the water will be boiling came and passed. She ignored it until she began to feel a slight rumbling in her stomach and she started thinking that the beans were fighting back against her body. However, the sensation wasn't coming from her body.
The room around her faded as the same comforting sensation she felt last night came over her, it was the presence. She let her mind focus and she saw a flash of white followed by a haze of blue light.
The thought, 
Something else happened on the day the lightning struck you. Something else was going on, came to her mind.

Pain filled her mind and she winced even though the sensation was just a memory. The memory felt foreign, as if coming from an ancient mind that was in a state of terror and then rage. However, the pain wasn't coming from the light that had struck her. This was a different kind of light. It was blue and she could feel its cold touch. It felt like a net compressing against... thick skin sending tendrils of pain shooting through damaged nerves. She was seeing from the presences' mind. 
This wasn't something that had happened to her. This memory had happened to the presence a year ago on the day of her accident. The more the presence resisted the blue energy net the tighter it squeezed and then more pain. Deep blue shadows filled a small room where the presence had been trapped. She could see the bulky, long form of its body bathed in blue and contrasted by the darkness. However, she couldn't make out the shape of the presence. The vision began to blur as her heart rate increased.
She heard herself asking,
What is this thing?

The vision continued. This presence, this being that had been communicating with her had been trapped but it could still see outside the cage of blue energy. This powerful being was locked inside some kind of wedge–shaped spaceship and just beyond its walls; she saw the void of space, planets and beyond them stars and galaxies…
Then her vision shifted and the sensations she felt changed to her own lost memories. This was still the day that the lightning had struck her. It was like seeing her own memory from the presence perspective but it was a memory she couldn't recall on her own.
Her mind opened even more. She was standing in front of the quantum computer. A brilliant flash of white lightning had struck her but she had felt no pain, cutting or burning.
The light enveloped her and she suddenly found herself simultaneously inside the minds and bodies of countless people, some of them she knew from her dreams. Though she could feel her consciousness stretched across eternity her awareness only focused on one moment in space at a time.
Most of the people she saw were living regular–everyday lives but many were in life and death situations fighting indestructible opponents.
She couldn't believe what she was seeing.
People that looked just like her fought the same wars against the same enemy on countless worlds just like the one she was on. Some of the people she viewed were prisoners within their own minds. There were tiny things inside them that she couldn't identify. In some worlds the microscopic things seemed symbiotic with the host but in others they kept purging information until they leached memories from every brain cell for all knowledge about…  what– she didn't know because she didn't stay long enough in one body to see what would happened to them. But she guessed...
Nevertheless, what she saw terrified her. The invaders flew black spacecraft that resembled the one that the presence had been trapped in and enemy soldiers looked like demons from childhood stories. However, these beasts new how to operate spacecraft, fire energy weapons, fight and all of them seemed keenly aware of what they were doing. They were reshaping the human race on each world they entered.
Her attention shifted, she was a nurse taking vitals on a battlefield, a moment later her mind changed perspective, she was on another Earth and she was in the body of a scientist named John. He was the one who had invented Aughra. He understood the math and engineering to bridge universes. He was the one who made the machine that started all this mess. Through the minds of all the others, she pieced together that Sapen was searching the multiverse for anyone that could lead him to John…
The presence that was guiding her thoughts paused…
The dreaded name Sapen echoed in the minds of all those she had known.
Her mind kept jumping from person to person and she tasted their pleasures and felt their struggles. It was as if she had lived a moment in countless parallel lives even though some of her other selves were living in what looked like the past while others were in the future.
She wanted to see every one of these other… people like her. The more she saw how similar they were to her the more she wanted to understand them and know them. But even though this moment inside the lightning felt like an eternity, it wasn't long enough for her to see everything…
Then her mind returned to the lab. It was her last day of active duty in the Air Force. She saw herself standing before the quantum supercomputer she had been operating the moment before it exploded. She merged with her body, as she had done with all the others... 
And to her surprise, she realized that there was a man with her but this person was unlike the presence she had been feeling lately. The man shimmered as if he were a god that had appeared before her but he was dressed in a tuxedo. His face was grim but not angry. He seemed to her as one who reluctantly bares a great responsibility and knows things that he wished he could forget. 
Questions came to her mind but she let them pass, so she could concentrate on what she was seeing. Intuitively, she knew that the connection she had to all the others like her ran through him. In one hand, he held onto the lightning that connected universes and in another, she saw a thousand strands of light stretching out from his palm and into all directions disappearing into infinity.
And then, the dream–like quality of the vision dissolved and she realized that she had done all this before on the day the lightning had struck her... And he, this… other version of herself, he had been watching her response to the happenings of these other people she had seen in her dreams. As her mind relaxed, she saw that the filaments of light he held connected her directly to these other–selves and them to each other in an entangled relationship involving events that calumniated on a world at the end of the multi–verse.
All but a few of her other selves; all but the dark ones were engaged in individual conflicts against, something called Sapen, a being, a thing that was leading the invasion of their worlds and had begun running experiments on each of their populations. She instantly thought of the boy in her dreams that could fly and change the shape of his body. This boy, Louis, was also a part of her but he seemed so much braver and more powerful and she was… He was the one who had stood fearless and then fought off the zombies who were attacking his friends at the High School Gym. Later, he had done that same thing attempting to save his world from what became Sapen's Experiment Zombie Apocalypse…
This, glowing man had been with her for a while now. She realized that he had been leading her through most of her dreams... or, her dreams were a reoccurrence of all she was seeing now.
She suddenly realized why she was still experiencing these dreams. One of those strings still connected her to this being in the lightning.
Like a smell awakening an old memory, she knew the quality of his spirit. The full knowledge of whom or what he was–was like a name just outside of her memory; an oddly–shaped answer that wouldn't fit into its square hole... There was something else about him and it was right in front of her but the knowledge sat in her blind spot. He was a part of her... but... 

This is too much.

Like all the other, slightly different versions of herself she had just experienced, this man was also her… But he was the combination of all the good that she had seen in every person she had experienced in the vision; he embodied all their best qualities.
There were huge differences though. Through his eyes, she thought him very old though his overall appearance seemed young. And the longer she looked at him she noticed that he was looking into her trying to see if she was... worthy.
She felt uncomfortable under his gaze. With a small shift in his posture, he questioned her motives and her honor but for what purpose she couldn't guess. It was clear that he knew all about her; as if her life was his life. She felt ashamed at many of the things she knew about herself. He saw everything. He didn't like that she was a killer but at the same time; she didn't feel he judged her too harshly for what she had done. He had seen so much death and violence that, to him, her life seemed like a dark fairytale, rather than the nightmares she had just glimpsed.
Julia waited for the mysterious man in the light to give an explanation about all this disjointed information she now had but none came. The man remained silent and the moment stretched on and on. It was as if he knew all there was to know about her but one question remained in his mind.
Then he leaned in closer and looked into her eyes and she knew he had his answer. He saw all that she stood for. She lived, so that her son could have a better life than the life she had. She fought terrorist, so that her son wouldn't have to fight them in the hills of Tennessee. She held no ill will toward any person who lived freely and caused no harm. When this understanding was clear, and he knew all he wanted to know about her, she felt a surge of energy and an unspoken question; 
Are you ready?

Then he said the only words he would speak, "Fear not. God is with you. Make all the children in this world your children too and you will find the strength to face the coming invasion."
In a burst of understanding, he revealed himself to her. To thousands of people on countless worlds, he was called The Journeyman; his name was Joshua, the one slipping between realms uniting the strong and preparing them for the final battle that is to come at the end of all things. Lavar, the Last Protector of TOL, had sent him. And there were other powerful beings with unknown intentions skipping through the shattered dimensions of this section of the mega–verse. She saw faces, some beautiful while others horrifying, some human some... She couldn't tell what they were.
A thought, like a memory, slipped deep into her consciousness: Blazer and Princess Tuyena are on their way to this world. This world now harbors the most dangerous being in all existence... then the thought faded...

She fought to hold the idea but decided not to question this knowledge or try to keep it fearing that the whole dream might fade...
Seconds later, she saw the quantum computer she had been operating pulse.
The alien looking machine buzzed. Sparks flew all around her even as Joshua looked away from her and into the light from where he came.
The quantum computer exploded bringing a second flash of light, almost as quickly as the first one that had brought Joshua.
All that she had witnessed through Joshua had happened in an instant!
The shockwave from the exploding super computer twisted her body as ice–cold metal shards struck her in the back. She could feel and hear her spine popping as the shrapnel tore into her skin. The shockwave shattered the rest of the bones that the shrapnel missed. When the pain came, the flash of light from the lightning bridge Joshua had traveled through faded and the connection with Joshua and all her other selves in the multiverse terminated.
The memory of the pain was unbearable. She wanted to scream in frustration as the vision lost clarity... 

I don't understand!

The presence receded from her mind and she felt naked. Then the whole cabin began to shake.
She opened her eyes, her military training kicked in and she said aloud, "What invasion!"
The fire hissed as two of the cans sitting in the fireplace began to boil, spilling their water into the fire. She blinked and her mind returned to the present. The fire sparkled as the water splashed into the flames.

My bath!

She floated close to the fireplace and took hold of the metal containers from the fire. Then she floated to the bathroom and set them into the bath she had prepared last night and then paused as she looked at her palms,

My hands should be burned...

She turned her palms over and then back. They weren't red. They were a cool shade of pink. She had felt warmth, along with the ridges and the smooth curves of the cans but their surface wasn't hot.
The water in the bathtub should be cold from setting there all night. She placed her hand in the tub, ready for the cold shock but the water felt fine.
This foam does more than make me float and relieve pain. I really wonder what else it did to me.
She didn't need to heat the water anymore. She raised her whole body over the tub and slowly lowered herself into the bath. She shivered then stopped herself. Her body was confused. It couldn't tell that she felt fine.
Her thoughts returned to the memory the presence had brought her. The thought of going to the police about all this came,
They'd just think I'm crazy.

Her mind went over everything she could recall and she felt relieved knowing that her injuries weren't because of something she had done,
But is this some kind of cosmic accident?

She shook her head and took several deep breaths. Nothing made since to her. Something her uncle used to say came to her attention,
"When there's nothing you can do, do nothing."
Julia took a deep breath and relaxed.
After finishing her bath, she tried calling her son again but this time the phone just clicked before the voice mail picked up. Anger began to build inside her and she let it flow for a few moments before taking a few calming breaths. Anger had served its purpose.
Her body felt stiff as she rose out of the tub. The titanium rods and braces only allowed her to twist so much before the metal interlocked limiting her movements. She practiced bending and doing squats so that her range of motion increased. She found that she could push her limits far beyond what she could do before when the pain had stopped her.
She thought, 
I still need to be careful. Just because it doesn't hurt, it doesn't mean that I'm not hurting myself.

Then she float walked around the house naked but stopped in front of the bathroom mirror. She watched herself as she moved around the small space.
I do look like I suffered a stroke– though my face looks normal.

Then she turned, found her bag, took several items and returned to the bathroom mirror.
She sat a cup, a brush and her clothes down on the counter. Then she paused and thought about how long it took and how painful it had been to do the simplest things.
With some work, I might be able to pull off a natural look.
She knew how others saw her when she ate dinner or drank from a cup. It was hard to block out all the staring eyes. The thought of how strange her hands shook while eating or doing anything that required fine motor skills was something she had to ignore. The memory was so stressful that it had given her indigestion but now the thought also motivated her to practice.
She leaned toward the mirror and said aloud, "I don't care what anybody thinks," but the look she saw in the mirror said that she did.
She closed her eyes, then opened them again and watched herself as she went through all the little motions required simply to take a drink. Her arm wobbled and she had to force the image of little spheres dotting the path where she wished her arm to move. Her arm responded better but sometimes it moved too quick, then slowed and then shot down stopping just past the mark she had in mind.

I'm over thinking this.

She tried it again but this time she did it with less focus on the spheres and more with her imagination. She wanted her arm to go where she wanted it to go while placing only a few imaginary orbs at the key points. She practiced this again and again, over and over. When she started to feel like she had made some progress, she picked up the cup and noticed that her hand no longer trembled, still the twisting and turning of her wrist and the way she had to orient the rest of her body using opposite motions took getting used to.
After several times of pretending to fill the cup from the sink, drinking and then setting the cup back down on the counter, she moved on to brushing her hair.
These new motions were very different from using a cup. They required her to make major adjustments on a small scale to pull off a natural looking stroke.

It's a good thing they didn't spray my hair with that foam.

Then she set the brush down, picked up the cup and filled it with water then drank. The action was spontaneous and it looked great. She smiled at herself and then brushed her hair. She still looked jittery but she could drink and brush her hair in only a few minutes.
Her smile broke into a grin and then laughter as she dressed herself. She tried not to cheat but it was a lot easier to put on clothes when she was floating rather than when she was trying to anchor herself to the floor while making all the movements necessary to slip on her undergarments and then a dress.
She looked in the mirror and adjusted her posture. The beauty she saw smiling back at her was now worth her time to put on makeup.
Then she stripped and practiced everything several more times. She thought she'd never get tired of brushing her hair, drinking water from a cup and slipping on a dress. She imagined that her motions were starting to look natural but she knew she would still look odd to anyone watching her every move.

Everything gets better with practice.

Noah was on her mind as she left the bathroom. The house was a mess but the chore now looked like a training opportunity. While cleaning the house she sang the theme song to lamb chops, "This is the song that never ends... yes it goes on and on my friend... Some people– started singing it not knowing what it was... and they'll continue singing it forever just because this is the song that never ends!"
She could only sing the song a few times before she HAD to end it. She remembered driving Rand mad as she sung it but Noah would just sing along with her as they'd danced in the living room.
All the cleaning made her think of her special training she received in the Air Force. If the police couldn't help her find Noah, she would soon apply her old skills...
The house was far from perfect. Getting it as clean as she wanted it to be would take hours but it was time to go.
She took her bag and started toward town. As she walked, her thoughts bounced from her plans to find Noah, her upcoming interview, lost Air Force papers, her money and Andrew... Noah... Andrew, Noah... Andrew.

She shook her head;
I don't want to be on the needy end of a new relationship.

But Andrew wasn't like Rand or any other man she had met. He had a way of slipping past her walls and making her feel like a woman.
Her right leg lifted a little too high and she started to spin but she concentrated on her forward momentum, adjusted and was back on track. Her new motions hadn't become ingrained yet. Moving only the tiniest bit in the wrong direction, just a slip in thought created huge motions. If she didn't pay close attention to every step and thought, she might swing her arms or bend her back and she would fly off into oncoming traffic.
As soon as she could, she stepped off the main road and took the back way, along the creek and behind buildings in order to avoid others seeing her. Her motions looked very natural but she was still practicing. If she were far away from the city, she thought about testing the limits of her new abilities.
A growing urge to jump into the sky was building inside her and she knew that eventually she would give into that urge but now wasn't the time for playing. It was time to do some shopping.
It was still early when she entered Walmart. She had plenty of time to compare prices and brands, choose the right makeup for her skin and try on clothes. She was still too skinny from living a year stuck in a bed but in time that would change. The last time she had come here she didn't bother with anything that wouldn't help her get through the night and the next day. This job with the mining company would get her off the day to day survival mode and into the week to week category but this madness wouldn't end until the Air force straightened out her accounts and she found her son. For now, it was time to do a little investing in herself.
After going to the camping department and selecting a larger pot, just big enough to fit in her bag and the fireplace, a camp shower and other basics, she found a latch for the back door and a lock. Then she headed to the women's department.
Living like a homeless person in my own home is a lot of work, she thought, but at least I will soon have a job and can afford a hot shower. Everything seems so expensive when you're broke.
She had been all over the world over the past four years but the Air Force had provided everything she needed... And she hadn't entered a single mall in all that time.
When she was younger, her uncle had to make her go shopping, get her hair and nails done and act like a lady. One day he said to her, "I've taught you everything I know but some things you're going to have to learn on your own." Then he gave her $200 and told her not to come back home until she looked like a lady. She hated shopping back then and she quickly learned that $200 was barely enough to get her hair and nails done. After getting a basic haircut and buying ammo for her guns and crossbow, she ended up at the thrift store with $20 and she came home with three dresses and a pair of shoes. She washed the clothes and then dressed up for her uncle.
He only smiled and then pointed to his shotgun. He repeated the old line, "Don't make me shoot anyone."
She put the "new" clothes in her closet and they sat there for a few weeks. The kids at school had noticed her hair and though none of the other girls would make fun of her openly, not after what she had done the last time, they were clearly jealous of all the attention she started getting from the boys.
She didn't care about that. Since her parents had died, she had withdrawn into her own world that revolved around the mountains and everything her uncle had taught her. She spent all her extra time and money modifying her crossbows, upgrading her hunting gear, buying and cleaning her guns and repairing the old truck. It wasn't until she met her first real boyfriend that she started to wear the dresses she had bought and put on makeup. After they broke up she reverted to her old ways but at least she knew how to attract attention.
The memory of her Uncle made her smile. She missed him a lot. After he died, he left her enough money, so she could put a large down payment on her home. That was also why she didn't want to give up her house. It was the last gift he had given to her. That and the strangely worded letter she had found in his dresser from her parents...
Julia paused– that letter and the few photos her uncle had kept from when they were younger were all she had left to remember her parents by. Her uncle told her that all their belongings were in storage but a fire had destroyed their building before he was able to move their items...

The letter…

There was something odd about that letter from her parents. Her uncle had gotten it a week after her parents died but at that time, she didn't understand what the letter meant. After her uncle died, she had taken the few valuables and things that reminded her of him and sold the rest in a yard sale. However, that letter had stayed with her until the day she left for boot camp. She had read and re–read it a 1000 times. Now, all her things were gone...
Her eyes went wide. She knew that letter word for word. At the time, it was mostly gibberish but now... When she got home again, she would write that letter down and re–examine it.

My parents meant for those words to be confusing, it's a code!

Right now, she had to get ready for the interview. As she looked at the prices marked on the clothing rack she was reminded that the Officer at the Air Force had given her money and she hadn't counted it yet. After searching through the duffle bag pockets she found the wad of cash and her eyes went wide, it was nearly $300.
"Holy cow!" she said aloud then stuffed the cash back in her bag.
She wanted new undergarments and the perfect dress for the big interview. It would give her confidence to look her new boss in the eyes. Perhaps he could overlook her other shortcomings.
At the same time, she felt weird knowing that she was over qualified for a simple job like data entry. She knew of many people who had college degrees that were working in restaurants and cleaning houses. But most of their degrees didn't match the needs of the present economy's needs, she believed that her's did.
Her mind kept racing over all the possible outcomes. All she wanted to do was spend her time searching for her son but if she didn't take advantage of this opportunity then she might end up searching for him from behind iron bars.
The shelving started shaking as a feeling passed over her. An enormous struggle was taking place somewhere just below the surface. Her mind bent as she tried to make since of the warped images that flashed in her mind but forces beyond her comprehension were in conflict.
The people around her held onto their buggies and children as the trimmer continued. Then the shaking stopped and her mind returned to its own struggle...

But what if I lose this opportunity over something as simple as the color of the flowers printed on my dress. I need something conservative, something that says, "I don't mind being bored for hours at a time..."
Then she stopped and hovered in place.
How long can I do this job before I am bored out of my mind?
She would be stuck in a tin can, without windows, copying files and entering miscellaneous data. She had done this job many times before, sometimes for months at a time but in the end she usually got to destroy everything she had done and burn the place to the ground. This would be different...
She started feeling trapped. The walls were already closing in around her and she could feel her heart beating rapidly.
Before the Air Force, she had considered being a park ranger, a tour guide, mechanic or anything that kept her from being chained to a desk... Of all the things she had done this somehow seemed like it would be the hardest.
Then a memory of her son laughing and clapping when she had finished putting his bunk bed together came to her mind and she calmed down.

I will do anything for him...

She thought of what Joshua had said to her, "Make all children like your children."
She looked around the store and saw several children walking with their mothers, some were acting silly and a few were crying. Every mother and most fathers here and around the world would give their lives for their children in a moment...
She returned to her shopping but everything was too expensive. After trying on five different dress–suits and two plain, loose fitting single–color dresses she selected a simple white dress.
Then she found the clearance rack. All the panties before her were a little too big or too small and that wouldn't do with a conservative dress on. The thought came to her mind of her standing before her future employer explaining why she was the right person for the job and then, all the sudden, her too–big panties dropped to the floor.
She shook her head at the image and decided to pay an extra five dollars for the ones that fit. If she could wear pants it would be fine but men liked the way she looked in a dress, conservative or whatever. 

Dropping my panties before the boss on the big day–– not good. That's a level of desperation I want to avoid.

She had seen other girls do it...

But if it comes down to it...

She shook her head again and with that last selection, she was done shopping. After the interview, she would go to Good Will and buy a few more dresses but for now, this one was all she needed. This dress looked great on her but not too great.
Then she purchased all her goods, stuffed everything in her bag but the dress and headed for the hair salon.
Chapter 8
$45!" Julia said louder than she meant to.
"Miss, that's on the cheap too. No offence but have you seen you lately? I mean, you need a lot of attention honey. $45 is a discount, believe me," said the stylist.
Julia had the money but she didn't really have the money for that. She was already regretting the $20 she spent on her new dress. This was a big moment. A new job interview would end all this crazy camping within a few weeks but if things didn't go well then she would only look pretty. She couldn't eat pretty...
"Thank you Jack, it is a good deal but I must take you up on it another day," she said as she turned and left, too embarrassed to say anymore.
As she walked down the road, she said to herself, "Okay, I'll just brush my hair back and put on some make–up." And as she looked toward the mountain, she thought,

The Waffle House is on the way, so their bathroom will have to be my Salon...

A few minutes later, Julia walked into the Waffle House. "Welcome to Waffle House," said a server she hadn't seen here before.
Andrew turned around and smiled.
He said, "I've was looking for you all night long."
Julia smiled and said," I had something come up and I got carried away, sorry... I have an interview today!"
"With Who?" he asked.
"With the mining company."
Then the ground began to shake. A flash of blue light filled her vision then passed. Everyone held onto tables as the rumbling continued. The servers ran to the stacks of dishes and placed their hands on them, holding them steady.
The earthquake felt very different to Julia then it did before the treatment and she struggled to understand her feelings and visions attached to the trembling. Moments later the shaking stopped and everyone started talking at once.
"They better be opening an express tunnel to China. This is getting ridiculous," said one lady to her husband.
Then the server who had first greeted her looked at Andrew and then back at Julia and blurted, "Did you hear about the flying girl?"
Andrew shook his head then looked back at Julia and said, "You look different Julia."
She slumped unconsciously, and then corrected her posture remembering how she looked before. She said, "I have a new kind of pain medication that helps me walk. I'll tell you about it later..."
"There is a flying girl in our town!" the server said again.
Andrew was staring at Julia with an odd expression on his face.
Julia looked at the server and said, "You never know what can happen in this town. I'm sure it was some kind of publicity stunt."
A man sitting in a booth near them turned around and said, "My aunt Debbie was there and she said that the Mining Company was having a clinic. And that they had some experimental medicine that made one man's arm work again and a girl floated off the table," he twirled his finger in the air, "and now she can walk again."
Andrew asked, "Did they get a picture of the girl?"
"There are several videos of her floating but you can't make out her face or height on any of them. There are other pictures of her but she's covering her face... Someone said an artist is going to sketch her face based on I–witness accounts but I don't know if that's true."
Julia let out her breath and nodded, not sure what to say next. Then Andrew looked at her feet. Julia watched him watching her. He cocked his head, took a step toward her and started to speak but Julia looked him in the eyes and slowly shook her head. She mouthed silently, "I'll tell you later." Andrew's eyebrows rose as a broad smile spread across his face.
Then she turned and float walked into the bathroom, locked the door and set her bag down. She fumbled through her things until she found the small make up kit, brush and a cheap bottle of perfume she had purchased.
KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK
"I'll be out in a minute." Julia said.
Someone huffed loudly, turned and walked away.
It took a few minutes to freshen up with the travel soap she had gotten from Walmart, put on her new undergarments, the new dress and then do her hair and makeup.
She liked the way she was moving. Her body was starting to remember the motions she had been practicing. She checked everything in the mirror again, made a few minor corrections with her makeup and then paused. As she looked into her soft hazel eyes, she felt much older though her appearance was still young. The stress from the accident hadn't taken all her youth. The girl in the mirror smiled and she smiled back and she felt giddy.
She had one more touch up to do but her hand slipped as she applied her lipstick and she had to pull herself away from the mirror to wipe off the peach colored line running across her cheek...
Then, as she cleaned off the last of the excess lipstick, she paused, something inside her had changed.
As she looked closer, she realized that her skin actually looked younger. Her heart felt young again but her mind seemed filled with...
She looked closer at her face. The few lines that had been around her mouth and eyes had disappeared but she felt ancient. She hadn't felt this way since she was a little girl. It felt like two lifetimes ago since the time she had played with dolls, loved to dress up and do girl things but all that changed after her parents died.
No, this is different. I feel alive... Like a thousand year old kid.
A lot had happened since she stepped onto that Greyhound Bus. Being bed ridden and heavily drugged for months in the hospital felt like more than a thousand years ago. Again, this was different. Her mind was healing too. The thought of seeing how all her other selves were getting alone in imagined parallel lives had given her alternative perspectives. The wall that she had erected within herself when her parents had died was crumbling.
The memory of how she felt when she told Andrew about her killing that boy in his house came to mind. Until now, she just killed everything. She never gave the act of killing a second thought. "What needed to be done had to be done by someone," she often said to herself. These thoughts and feelings were unlike anything she had ever experienced about herself. She had been a kid the last time she allowed these feelings a space within her to express themselves.
She looked at herself and whispered, "This feeling runs deeper than that."
The ground began to shake even as the presence grew in her awareness. She readied herself for what was to come next. The visions and sensations she felt when the presence came had started to feel normal but these memories were not her own. In some ways, these other memories were like looking at a past life. But even that wasn't right because she didn't know what a past life felt like or even if past lives were real but maybe other–lives, like the ones she had seen in the visions, were real though...
She felt as if she was going mad but she wasn't scared. That comforting feeling she had experienced at the clinic when the doctor had spoken to her in that strange voice settled over her. In her mind, she saw a shattered image of herself, as if looking through a cracked mirror. Only the creature she saw in one of the many reflections was not her.
The image of her younger self expanded. The changes she had experienced, as a little girl facing the loss of the two most important people in her life had caused part of her to shut down even as another part seemed to grow up all at once. After the funeral, her uncle Jim told her that she would be staying with him. Her uncle was the opposite of her dad, who had been a scientist and intellectual. Everything from the way they dressed, their smell and the way they looked at life was polar–opposite.
She remembered riding to her new home from her parent's funeral that dark day. Her uncle's truck was the only thing that felt real. As she watched the mountains pass by in the distance, her reflection in the window showed a very different girl wearing a little black dress. That dress was not unlike the white one she had on now. This other girl was quiet and free of the pain she was feeling. She looked sad but strong. That girl she had seen in the reflection was the part of her that would dominate the rest of her life, until now.
That was when everything had changed,
When I had changed.

She had stopped taking calls from her old friends. Her teachers reported that she was the brightest student in their classes but she shunned all interactions with her classmates whenever possible.
Months later, her uncle started fearing that something was wrong. He began pushing her to be more feminine and take more interest in her friends at school but she only studied harder and stayed out late in the woods.
He asked, "Do you know what's in those woods?"
"Animals," she answered.
"Animals are the least of your worries," He replied.
She remembered the change in his face when he pulled out a small 45–calaber pistol. He looked at her as if she had just discovered that Santa Claus didn't exist. He said, "I've tried stopping you from going out there but you are stubborn. If you're going to stay out so late then you're going to learn how to shoot a gun."
"Aren't I a little young for that," she had said.
Then he handed her the gun and replied, "You're too young for a lot of things. But your my sister's daughter and I'll be damned if you go into those woods without a way to defend yourself."
Julia stared into his watery eyes.
He didn't blink as she took the gun from his hand. It was heavy in her hands but she felt like the whole world had just opened to her…
After weeks of safety training, target practice and then an introduction to the rest of her uncle's arsenal, he allowed her to venture back out into the wild with a fully loaded pistol strapped to her hip. That gun gave her a sense of power over nature. Nature had taken her parents and now she would walk through nature's wildest parts fearlessly. That gun had protected her body many times from both man and beast but on that day, on the first day she held that gun it was another symbol of what she was becoming.
Julia felt something inside her crack. The walls she had built, over 12 years ago, had kept the core of herself locked away. She realized that all the pain she had been through had put her in a state of shock and she had made that state of being a part of her personality. She wasn't ashamed of the person she had become, but there was more to her. She had rejected half of what she was that day in her uncle's pickup truck.
She liked the person she had become but being a badass all the time really wasn't who she was anymore. She suddenly felt much older.
She thought, 
Being strapped to a bed for all those months hadn't been all bad. It had given me a second chance to live as a whole person again. I am a badass but I am a pretty badass who loves my son, has regrets and now I have a second chance.

The girl looking at her in the mirror suddenly felt like the woman she imagined she could become.

But who am I now?

She remembered a type of numbness settling over her like a shell during those years after her parents had died. Her uncle had tried to warn her that she couldn't shut the world out. He was always trying to get her to have more girlfriends but she wouldn't listen. Looking at herself now, knowing that everything had changed made her feel... stronger. Deep inside that young girl who loved and enjoyed flowers, the girl who still believed in true love and magical endings was alive again.
"You need to smile more Julia," she whispered to herself, "You need to believe in yourself and God. There is more to all this than even you can know. There are things that others can't understand about you but that's alright, Uncle Jim was right..."
Then that feeling came again. It wasn't a simple vibration she was feeling anymore, not since the clinic, now it was like the purring of some enormous cat watching her from far away. It was that same humming she had felt channeled through her body. The feeling was warm and comforting...

You are not alone.

She looked away from the mirror and thought, 
I really am going crazy.

She said out loud, "Am I going crazy. Did the accident trigger some form of schizophrenia? What is this presence? What are these memories? Is Joshua real?"
She turned her head to the left and right, never losing eye contact and she said, "Do I have multiple personalities?" She continued staring into that mirror and into eyes that seemed to hold many more secrets than the ones she had known a year ago...
KNOCK, KNOCK! "Can you please hurry up? My daughter needs to pee."
"Oh, I'm finished now miss." Julia replied as she pulled herself away from the mirror, threw all her things into her bag, hefted it over her shoulder and opened the door.
An older woman wearing a jean skirt with her hair pulled up into a bun scowled at her. A little girl, dressed in the same outfit as her mother was dressed in, rushed into the bathroom and Julia smiled and hurried back into the restaurant.
Andrew stood next to the closest booth to her holding a plate with an omelet filled with everything she loved. He said, "Wow!"
Julia looked around to see what he was talking about but Andrew said, "Julia, you look beautiful."
She inhaled his words and then nearly kissed him. He looked handsome in his goofy visor and apron and the way he was staring at her made her blush.
He said, "I made you lunch."
Julia's stomach growled and her mouth started watering. "You want a coke or sweet tea?"
She didn't want him doing things for her but at the same time she loved that he had thought about her. He smiled and placed the omelet down on the table before her and said, "You look... very nice. I... He turned– stopped and said, "Oh, you want tea, right?"
Julia said, "That would be great," then she sat in the booth and slid her bag under the table. A few seconds later Andrew returned with a cup filled with iced tea and silver ware. She said, "Thanks Andrew. I'm very hungry."
"Where are you really going looking so good? I don't have any competition, do I?"
"It's for that interview at the mining office."
The other servers were staring at him with their ticket books in hand, tapping their toes. Andrew smiled looking relieved and said, "I'll leave you alone for a few minutes and let you eat. I have to do some cooking now."
"Naw, it's okay Andrew," said an elderly woman from a few booths down, "Seeing you stammer over that pretty girl is worth waiting a few extra minutes."
Andrew's smile widened but now it was he who was blushing. He walked back to the grill and said, "Miss Steele, you know you're my first love. I can't let your poached eggs and fried ham sit uncooked another moment. It'd be neglect." He glanced back at Julia and saw her eating and then he began cooking.
Julia poured more hot sauce all over her omelet and took another bite. The omelet was gone in minutes. She began fishing though her wallet for cash when Andrew walked up to the booth and said, "Wow you eat fast."
"Air Force habit. I was always eating and running."
"I'm paying for that omelet Julia." Andrew said in a tone that meant he was ready for an argument.
"You need to take her for a real dinner Andrew," said Miss Steele, "A girl needs a thick stake and dim lighting."
Julia said, "Andrew, I don't want you to do that." she looked at Miss. Steele and then back at Andrew. She continued, "I have a lot of problems right now and I don't want you tied to me when I have all this to work out."
Andrew shook his head. He said, "I'm not asking for your hand in marriage. But other than getting a job, and needing to find out what happened to your son, what other problems do you have." Andrew bit his lower lip and said, "Never mind– not appropriate."
Julia thought about the weird ability to fly... She wasn't sure if it qualified as a problem. And then there was the presence that was both reassuring and scary because she thought that she might be crazy. She said, "We all have issues but finding my son is the most important," Julia paused as she thought about her suspended driver's license, "But it seems that even that has to take a back seat to other things, just so I can survive each day."

…And stay out of jail.

"Tell me about it honey," said Ms. Steele, "I remember when $50 would fill up your grocery cart."
"Have you seen the Sheriff about your son yet?" Andrew asked.
Julia shook her head.
Leave me an address and description and I'll call them while you go get your job. You can leave your bag here," he lifted her bag from under the table. Her foot had been resting on it, so as it rose she floated up a little; she shifted her posture and then quickly sank back down. Andrew noticed but he acted as if he didn't see anything.
Julia's eyes widened as she looked at him and she mouthed, "Later."
He nodded slightly and continued, "When you get back I'll tell you what happened with the police and then you can tell me about that mountain... Then I'll bring you home. I'd take you up the mountain now but there's no one to cover for me..." He held his breath as he waited for her answer.
"You are sweet Andrew," she said as he handed her a pen and paper. She took the pen and wrote down her address, Noah's description and Rand's phone number.
Andrew looked at the paper then said, "Don't worry, we'll find your little boy. Now go get that job."
Julia smiled and she hugged him before she could stop herself. His muscles tightened under his uniform.
He said, "I'd wrap my arms around you but then you'd smell like a hash brown all day."
Julia smiled and said, "Thanks Andrew. I'll be back for my bag in a few hours."
He smiled and said, "I'll put it next to my bag in the back."
Julia nodded.
"She'll be back for more than that bag."
"Oh hush Ms. Steele," Andrew said with a smile.
Chapter 9
Float walking up the mountain road to the mining office was easier than when she had come down it. Tiny puffs of dust rose from where her feet almost touched the ground and every now and then she could feel a rock pressing against her high heel shoes. Long walks had a way of clearing the mind and making her feel happy but today she felt especially optimistic.
The mid–afternoon sun had warmed up the thinning mountain air. As she climbed higher and higher up the road, she could see miles of endless green mountains.
Then her mind fell into a rhythm and her body began to move automatically going through the motions needed to make the appearance of walking. It felt good to move and to be free of pain. She had always taken life for granted but now just going for a walk was one of the greatest experiences she had ever had.
As she floated up the mountain road, she wondered if the purring would start again. There was something about this mountain and that crazy feeling she had been getting whenever she moved closer to it. It seemed to be calling– even talking to her. She wondered how much of that feeling had come from the pain medicines she had been taking but then she dismissed that idea when she recalled having an even greater experience yesterday after the meds had worn off… and then again this morning.
Still, she had taken painkillers the morning before, not as much as usual but... No, she thought, I did feel something. I heard-something. I have the name Joshua... and Sapen. 
She let her mind wonder on this and it drifted to dreams and other experiences she had been having when suddenly she remembered the image of Joshua holding onto the lightning on the day of the accident. The image never looked very physical. He was like a ghost and she swore again that she had seen him in her dreams before. He had something to do with the accident, and the more she considered the man she felt sure that he really was somehow apart of herself...
Her body began tingling as she felt the presence moving all around her then the world around her blurred.
She felt like she had just passed through a wall of static electricity. The memory of Joshua and other worlds began to slip from her mind as the tingling increased. She felt her mind vibrating as if words were being slowly spoken from a mouth as large as a house. The idea that hunger may be causing the feeling passed and she laughed that she had even considered that as a possible explanation. She wasn't hungry she had just eaten.
Her mind snapped back to the present and the image of Joshua disappeared. She was standing in front of the steps of the mining office and she blinked.

How did I get here so fast?

The memory of the cool wind rushing past her told her the truth...

I just flew here.

She swallowed hard, took a deep breath and walked up the stairs. When she approached the door, she saw her reflection in the door's small window. She ran her fingers through her hair and remembered to smile. With the back of her sleeve, she wiped sweat from her brow and neck, her make–up wasn't bad, and then she sniffed her underarms–– everything was okay.
She looked over at the parking lot to her left. It had two cars and a truck parked close to the office.
Julia opened the door and stepped inside. The sound of keyboards clicking stopped as both women looked up and smiled. A young man, the same age as Julia, sat in a desk farthest from the door. The woman who had greeted her yesterday stood up and said, "Welcome Julia. We're glad you returned. Please have a seat and Jason will be with you soon."
"Thank you," Julia said as she walked to the desk where she had trained at yesterday and then sat down.
A few minutes later Jason stood up. He was holding a folder in his hand as he approached Julia but she couldn't read the look on his face.
Jason said, "Hello Julia."
Julia stood up. She felt very self–conscience but at the same time she realized that she could now move almost as fluidly as she could before the accident. The thought made her smile and Jason seemed to brighten when she did.
Jason stuck out his hand and Julia shook it. She said, "Thank you for considering me for the position."
Jason nodded as he opened the file, thumbed through several pages and stopped. He walked to the door, opened it, glanced at the cars parked next to the trailer and then closed the door. He returned to Julia and said, "I couldn't find any of your references," He paused and looked at the two women sitting at the desk before him and added, "These two don't count… I called the Air Force to verify your certificates in Computer Science but they didn't have you on file. Believe it or not, I could over look all that because the type of job I'm asking you to fill isn't robotics or anything; it's data entry. All your tests came back above average and the ladies here like you but there is one thing that I can't overlook."
Julia nodded.
"Do you have reliable transportation?"
"I'm working on that, but for now I have my two feet and they got me here today. I can have my own transportation within a few weeks of getting this job."
"I'm sorry but I can't hire someone who doesn't have a way to get here reliably. I applaud you for walking all the way up here," His eyebrows rose, "and in high heels. That says a lot about your character but what happens when it snows, or rains. And don't say you'll get a ride, I need someone here every day and on time."
Julia's stomach dropped and she felt light headed. She had a completely different kind of body sensation; it was as if all this were happening to someone else. Her heart pounded as she fought the anger building inside her. The sound of her blood rushing in her ears and the sound of her heart beating wildly made her aware of how close she was to losing it. The growing feeling was almost too much to handle. It threatened to catch her into the on–rushing emotions and send her crashing into the man before her.
Then the thought of dropping those oversized panties she almost bought earlier passed through her mind and she grit her teeth.
Then, as quietly and as natural looking as she could make it, Julia's face softened. She took a deep breath and used the excess energy to focus and listen to all Jason had said.
Jason turned but Julia asked, "What if I can get my Driver's License and a car in a few weeks, can I have the job then?
Jason looked down at the papers in his hands then at the secretaries and said, "I'm sure the position will be filled by then."
The sound of her blood rushing returned to her ears. She was ready to explode but she was beyond that now. She had control of her emotions. The thought occurred to her that even though he said they would have the position filled, it didn't really mean that it would be filled, it just could. Julia said, "Thank you Jason and thank you ladies for your time." Then she turned and walked out the door.
Julia glided down the steps and tried to keep as natural looking a stride as she could as she moved down the road, just in case they were watching her through the door. As soon as she was around the first turn of Lost Mt. Road, she pulled out her phone and pressed the redial button for the Child Support help line. After being directed through several options and then waiting another few minutes a lady picked up, it was the same tired voice she heard the other day. Julia said, "I just lost a job because of you."
"I'm sorry Miss, Anderson, how did I make you lose a job?"
"I just had an interview. I passed all their test but you know what stopped them from hiring me?"
There was silence…
"Your stupid law!" Julia felt her blood rushing and she took a breath. She continued, "Just wanted you to know that the very thing you are supposed to be doing, getting me to pay Child Support, was stopped today because you suspended my license."
"Miss," The woman on the phone interjected, "I did nothing to you. The citizens of this state voted and federal grants were taken to make this law. You want to blame someone, blame Congress, blame the citizens of this state," her voice turned cold, "But whatever you do don't take responsibility for yourself! You need to pay the minimum of $700 and then you can get your Drivers License back. It's that simple."
"That simple, Ha! Just wait lady, one day a robot or something will take your job... I hope you don't have to jump through all the hoops I've had to jump through just to cover the basics to live."
The lady replied, "Pay the minimum. Borrow the money. That is you're only option because the next steps get even worse."
"If I borrow the money this month, what will happen next month? You're asking for a lot of money. I haven't even talked to my ex–husband or seen my Child in a year. They're both still missing!"
"Maybe, but you'll still have to pay the court... And if you're thinking about fighting this it'll be six months before your first hearing and the moneys will only add up."
Julia said, "I want to work but companies don't hire people without reliable transportation and you made that impossible!" She heard herself screaming into the phone and hit the end button. She was so angry that she hadn't noticed that she was walking 10 feet above the road.
Julia looked down, shook her head and positioned herself to fly. She didn't want to be a freak. She only wanted to see her son again and rebuild her life. But all that was lost in a blur, as she flew up and over the trees. The air felt crisp but the sun was bright and warm. The endless mountains spread out below her. At the farthest edges of her sight, she saw a waterfall and wanted to be there. The image of a glowing sphere appeared in her imagination and then she stretched the sphere into a spear pointing in the direction she wanted to go. Then she bent her body towards it and she shot off, flying to the waterfall.
A few minutes later, she pulled back the image of the glowing spear, morphing back into a ball of light, her posture adjusted automatically and she slowed. The air had been cool on the way here and she thought that her skin would be stinging by now... 

Nothing feels normal anymore.

Her blood was still hot but the rushing water drifting up from the waterfall was starting to seep into her pores. Her dress felt heavy and began sticking to her skin. The roar from the splashing water matched her feeling. It was like the presence but this was nature's presence washing over her. It drew upon her anger and disappointment like a person sucking poison from snakebite and she wept. She hovered halfway up the waterfall and stayed there for a while, crying and letting the mist wash her clean.
Each breath was a release of frustration.
She whispered, "Help me God."
All her anger, spanning back to her childhood, all she had lost until this day emptied out of her heart. As she cried, sheets of water from the waterfall rinsed her face and she felt lighter.
Moments passed. She began to feel tired.

You feel what God felt when he realized that man had failed him.

The thought felt strange and she ignored it. She wondered where her little boy was and the anger inside her dissolved into sadness again.
Then Andrew came to her mind and at that same moment, a rainbow appeared in the mist above the waterfall. She whispered, "Forgive me God for giving up part of myself. I will keep moving forward until I know where my son is and what is going on, or until I have no more choices." Then she turned and flew back toward Lost Mountain Road and landed inside the forest just off the road.
She wasn't cold but she knew others would think she was freezing on a day like this. Her clothes were damp but not soaked. The wind had dried them a lot when she was flying. She felt the burden of motherhood and the yoke of impossible expectations as she crossed the main highway and stopped at the Waffle House.
Andrew had the front door open as she walked inside. He saw the look on her face and said, "They didn't hire you... And why are you all wet?"
Julia tried to hide her disappointment with anger but she started crying. Andrew walked her to the far end of the restaurant, sat her down and went into the back office. A minute later, he returned with his jacket, put it over her and asked the server on duty to make her some hot coffee. He sat next to Julia and waited. When she kept crying he gently put his arms around her and she turned into his embrace. Her tears wouldn't stop. Every road had been blocked, every way halted. Then a thought came and she took a shuddering breath, wiped away her tears and asked, "Did the police find my son?"
Andrew pursed his lips and shook his head. He said, "They didn't have any records on Noah or Rand Anderson."
Julia felt empty again. She was at the end of her limit. She said, "They want me to run but they cut off my legs..."
Andrew looked at her legs and Julia punched him in the arm. She said, "It's a figure of speech!"
Andrew laughed then looked around the room, noticed several people looking at her and he said, "Yea, about that..."
The server set a cup of coffee down on the table. Andrew reached over the counter, took a plastic cup and poured the coffee in it, mixed in the sugar and creamer then handed the cup to Julia. She took a sip and smiled. He stood up and reached for her hand.
She said, "Where are we going?"
"We gotta talk."
Julia swiveled her head to see the people in the restaurant looking back at her. She stood up and followed Andrew out and around to the back of the store. When they were alone Andrew said, "What happened to you? When I met you, I thought you were just about the most crippled person, beautifully crippled but certainly crippled and in a lot of pain. You were immobile. Now you walk but you don't really walk, you... float–move or something. I've never seen anything like it."
Julia asked, "Did anyone else notice?"
"Well yes and no. Some of the customers said that you look much better but I don't think they noticed like I have."
"How did you notice?"
Andrew smiled, "You have a very cute ass. And... it's much easier to see it now."
Julia twisted to look at her butt and then looked back at Andrew and said, "Now I know what you're interested in."
Andrew took a step back and said, "That's not the only thing... I noticed, I mean you are a very pretty girl, of course I looked at your butt. But I care a lot about you. It's strange to have feelings like this. It's as if I've known you for all my life… Oh why am I saying all this. Anyway, what happened to you?"
Julia's face turned red. She said, "I don't want to go from having everyone staring at me because I can barely move to being a real freak; so don't tell."
"Tell what?"
"You have to promise to keep this between us."
Andrew smiled and crossed his heart.
Julia said, "I'm the girl from the health clinic who can fly."
Andrew nodded, "Show me."
Andrew, I'll be glad to show you whatever you want to see later, but right now I'm in big trouble and a relationship is–impossible. I need to–"
"They didn't hire you. Why wouldn't they hire you?"
"No reliable transportation. My driver's license has been suspended for non–payment by child Support."
Andrew's eyes drew down, "I thought your child is missing?"
Julia shook her head and said, "He is, but that doesn't matter to them. It's complicated but I still have to pay or I will go to jail."
"Why would they want you to get a job but then suspend your Driver's License? Why not limit it to work and back or something."
Julia shrugged. She was at the end of her patients. Nothing was making sense, least of all this.
"So you lost a good paying job because the Child Support people suspended your license for not having a job."
Julia shook her head as she thought of her uncle, what would he do? Then she dismissed the thought. He'd just drink himself stupid and pass out watching some dumb movie. She looked at Andrew and remembered his question. She said, "No, I had a job. Remember I was in the Air Force and I was paid well. But for all intents and purposes that may as well be the case."
Andrew said, "So, not only were you crippled but you didn't get paid... What happened to your money?"
Julia felt that the conversation was getting too personal but she took a breath and said, "Since I've stepped off that bus I've been a non–person. My bank is empty and the Air Force... I don't know. Now that the pain is under control, I'm about to start camping out at the Recruitment Office until I get some answers."
She paused and thought,
And if that doesn't work, I have other skills to get information and I'm ready to start using them.

Then she looked at Andrew and said, "I need a job."
Andrew's stern look vanished. He smiled and said, "Hold it, wait right here."
Andrew walked into the restaurant through the back door. A few minutes later, he returned with another man she remembered seeing earlier but had been too busy crying to notice.
The man standing next to Andrew asked, "Who is this?"
Andrew looked at Julia and motioned to Waters, "Julia, this is my manager Mr. Waters. Waters this is Julia. She is ex–military, very reliable and though she has some disabilities she is very strong... and determined. She needs a job. I'll make sure she has a ride to and from work and... Well hire her."
Waters looked at Andrew and laughed. "So, you don't have a car?"
Julia shook her head.
Waters quickly added, "But Andrew is going to vouch for you. That's okay; it's not as if I haven't taken greater chances with new hires. But you look… well, beautiful, we don't get many girls that look like you. I mean– we have some pretty girls… never mind that, are you sure you want to work here?"
Julia looked into the sky and thought about all the training she had been through. Over the three years before her accident, she had jumped out of airplanes, landed and was in full operational character within 3 minutes. She had infiltrated terrorist cells, located high valued targets and then called in air raids to take them out. She remembered the advanced training she went through using quantum computers to crack un–crackable codes and how it had led her to the people she had later killed... all the survival training on land, sea and escaping hostile territory.
She thought,
So, it's from special forces to serving waffles….

Then she looked down, wiped invisible dust from her dress and said, "Yes, I'd be grateful to serve here."

Besides, it's only temporary.

Andrew said, "She'll bring every man in the whole town. Waffle House will make more money over the next few weeks then we have all year."
Waters lit a cigarette, saw the look in her eyes and he smiled. He took a few puffs on his cigarette, flicked it into the bushes, turned toward the back door and motioned for her to follow him inside.
They sat down at a booth and Waters asked her, "So what kind of experience do you have?"
Julia smiled and said, "I served tables years ago before joining the Air Force."
"Good, so you've done this job before. Not everyone can do this type of work. You have to be a multitasker, hard worker and do it all with a smile because the money you make is coming from the generosity of the people you serve. You're going to wash dishes, clean toilets, serve food to rude people and then you're going to clean, clean, clean. You'd be starting at $3.00 an hour plus tips." He paused and looked out the window and into the parking lot, then continued, "What would you do if you had too many customers and the cook suddenly has a problem with the grill?"
She looked him in the eyes and smiled, "Have you ever watched Star Trek?"
Waters chuckled, pushed his glasses back up the ridge of his nose and said, "of course."
Julia nodded and continued, "Have you ever seen an episode where there is a major problem? I mean like when the Borg is attacking or an alien is about to destroy the planet just as the warp engine is about to explode?"
"Yes."
"Well that's when the officers do the Star Trek Emergency Walk. Everyone simply walks fast, stays calm and saves the day. That is what I'll do in the emergency you describe. I will do the Star Trek Emergency Walk."
Waters stretched his hand out over the table and said, "Hired! Can you come in next week for training?"
Julia shook her head. She asked, "I need to start today."
Waters pursed his lips and said, "You will need to be in uniform. I can get you one of my old shirts. It'll be a little big on you, but I'll have your shirts in a few days." Then he handed her a menu and said, "Study this. Know this and you will do all right," He waved a hand and a minute later, the server came over. He said, "Get her anything she wants to eat on me."
"Thanks Mr. Waters." Julia said.
Waters stood up, patted her on the back and left. A few minutes later Andrew came and sat down next to her. She was already halfway through a pecan chocolate waffle and another omelet was on the way when he said, "You sure can eat... So, you start tomorrow!"
Julia nodded and said, "Thanks," around a mouth–full of waffle. 
Andrew nodded and said, "I have to work another shift, last minute schedule change. Are you going to be okay getting home?"
Julia looked him in the eyes. She thought,
He must have traded a few favors to get her hired and working right away.

She took a sip of coffee, swallowed and leaned over the table. "Come here you amazing person."
Andrew leaned closer and she kissed him on the cheek.
30 minutes later, she was walking home. She left another message on Rand's voice mail to call and then she slipped behind the buildings and began flying inches above the creek and then into the woods. She was in her back yard in minutes.
"Time to celebrate," She said to herself as she began taking wood to the fireplace. When she had plenty of kindling to last the night and morning, she filled every container she had with water and let it start heating. Then, very slowly, she took fist–sized rocks from the garden and placed them on a metal grate above the fire. As the rocks and water heated, she filled the bath with a few inches of well water and waited.
The sound of her breathing slowed as the rocks began to glow. Soon the water started boiling and hissing as it splashed on the rocks and into the fire. She floated up, took the pots and cups of water, and set them in the bath. Then she set the rocks in one by one, took off her clothes, lit a candle, dumped the pots and cups of hot water into the bath and tossed the empty containers into the hallway. 
Steam rose off the surface of the bath water. She slipped one foot into the water, let out a sigh and then allowed her full body to sink into the bath.
Every bone and muscle in her body melted. The water didn't feel as hot as it looked but its soothing touch worked into her body and she felt her mind relax. She hadn't felt any pain since the clinic but that didn't mean that her body had been fully healed. The fact that she realized this told her that her mind had become very clear for the first time in a year. No pain and the fog of the drugs had lifted but her body was still very damaged on the inside.

Where had I been for a year? Why were they moving me from hospital to hospital? Where is my son? Who is the Hunter? Are Joshua and the presence real? 

She wondered to herself as her mind recalled the vision of her lost memories from this morning. 

All this time I've haven't been asking enough questions.

Her heart rate increased with her breathing. A million questions stormed her mind but there was nothing she could do right now to answer them. Now was the time to rest. She didn't want to put any more time between her and all these questions but she was already stretched beyond her limits. The panicked feeling inside her only grew.
I will have someone start drawing pictures of Noah, copy them and then I'll fly all over town and drop them like some kind of Psyops Battle Tactic.
Two questions returned. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly.

What is this presence I am feeling… and who is Joshua and the Hunter?

Then she felt a humming. The sound that wasn't a sound began to fill her mind. It was the same as it had been before, as if coming from some enormous creature from far away but moving within her. The humming morphed into a deep purring but with the quality of a growling lion.
Julia drew a deep breath and began humming in tune with the sound. The water in the bathtub rippled as her chest quivered. Her mind felt like it was opening, as if an inner eye had been closed for a long time, blurs and flashes of images began coming to her. She slowed her breathing and let her voice rumble with the growling inside. She saw a cave, and then the silhouette of a woman she had seen before. No, it wasn't a woman exactly because she was covered in fur. She had a suit on that glowed around her neck, wrist and back. The growling intensified as the woman touched something on her wrist. There was a flash of light! An alarm was blaring, an explosion! Then she had a feeling of weightlessness and then blackness, noise, pain and lots of noise. Crashing, more pain and then something smashed into the presence and she knew it was a male. Something had smashed into him. They had crashed! The presence was a him and he was trying to tell her... that he had been injured... long ago and then again in the crash. Her language was hard to translate for him. There were too many distractions, he was in too much pain, the struggled against the blue prison took too much energy.
Then people were mumbling in English from somewhere in the background. A light came on and Julia saw part of a tail. It looked long, too long to be natural and it was covered in orange and green gems. Something was wrong with it. It was broken, he had already been badly injured and he had been in intense pain for– a long time. The crash had made it worse.
The growling grew deeper. Julia could feel the water in the bathtub vibrating. Then the image of the woman flashed and she heard, "The hunter is coming for us!"
Julia's eyes shot open. She was sitting in cool water as her heart pounded. She didn't know how much time had passed
"When is she coming! Where is the Hunter?" She shouted into the air.
The Earth shook as if something was pounding the ground with a hammer the size of a jumbo jet. Water spilled out of the bathtub. Then the shaking reduced and then teetered out and the connection ended. All she could hear was the crackling from the fireplace.
The feel of the cool water snapped her out of her visions and she quickly floated up out of the bath and hovered naked in front of the fireplace. She thought that if the water felt this cool it had to be very cold but again, she hadn't experience the intense cold or pain. She threw a few small logs on the fire, and watched the flames turn them black. Then she rose to the ceiling where it was warmer. The heat felt very good and she relaxed a little.

How long was I in that cold water?

She continued wondering as she lowered herself, reached down into the fire, moved a few logs into the center, and then returned to floating near the ceiling. A few seconds later, the flames started rising again. In the light, she saw that her hands were now black with soot but there was no damage.
She returned to the bath and quickly washed her hands in the tub. When her hands were clean, she pulled the plug. The sound of water sloshing and gurgling gave way to another sound. It was something she had heard before. She cocked her head and listened. The sound had stopped but it had come from multiple places and all of them had been outside herself.
She held her breath as she floated back into the living room and waited near the fireplace. The little sound had been like a small motor or a gear, a buzzing sound coming from somewhere. She looked around the room, checking each shadow but she saw nothing. The fire sent popping sounds bouncing off the bare walls. After a few minutes of silence, she began to doubt herself. She couldn't tell if she had actually heard anything or even where the noise had come from.
She thought of the Hunter sitting– somewhere watching her and it made her uneasy. She had been the predator before. She was the one who was watching and listening for the moment to strike but the feeling in reverse made her very uneasy. This new vision she had just received, and all she had been experiencing felt crazy. Her heart rate jumped and she felt the need to fly far away and hide where no one could find her.
Could all this be some crazy dream, she thought. Perhaps I'm lying in my hospital bed juiced up on some major drugs and all this is just a fantasy.
But she knew how to test that theory. She floated down to the stack of phonebooks she had been using for kindling and started reading. All the words made since. She closed the book but used her hand as a bookmark, waited a few seconds then opened it and read. It was the same advertisement for HVAC repairs she had just seen. All the words were still there. She moved close to the fire and felt the heat in her hands. She could smell the hairs burning...

This was no dream.

"Then what the hell is going on!" she said but she had no answers.
She fumbled through her bag, retrieved her cell phone and called her son. The voice mail picked up and she left another message for them to call her as soon as possible. Then she hung up.
Tears started flowing and this time she let them come. As she cried, she sunk into her sleeping bag and decided to try the police again tomorrow.
The police, Air force, Child Support– someone has to help me...
As she started to drift into sleep, the ground trembled. She decided that this, presence this thing that was contacting her was a friend and he needed her, but who or what was he? What did he want? Where was he?
The Earth started shaking again. The rumbling stopped and she waited to see if he would contact her. The rumbling and the presence had to be connected but nothing else came.
Then she lay back down. Her thoughts returned to her baby boy. Did he need her too? There would be no running away from this until she found him. Then tears started flowing down her cheeks again and she fell asleep.
Chapter 10
Knock, Knock, Knock!
Julia opened her eyes. The blurred image of the Hunter came to her mind and she floated up to the ceiling.
Knock, Knock, Knock, "I know you're in there. I see the smoke from the fireplace. Open the door." Spoke a female voice. Julia didn't think the Hunter's voice would sound anything like that but she didn't know what to think anymore.

Why would a hunter knock on the door?

Julia shook her head and floated to the window. She saw a black Mercedes parked in front of a red SUV. A young couple were standing in front of the SUV looking a little embarrassed. Julia flew to her bag and threw on a shirt and sweat pants then opened the front door.
A blond woman, in her mid–40s stared at her with a frown. She said, "You are trespassing."
Julia felt her pulse quicken when she saw a few yard signs in the Mercedes' back seat.
"This is my house!" Julia said angrily.
"That's not what the bank says lady," The blond woman snapped.
Julia took a deep breath and said, "I understand, there was a mistake with my pay from the Air Force but I'm getting that cleared up. I had equity in this house and as soon as my Air Force problems are finished, I'm going to pay off the mortgage in full."
Julia felt that she was a capable person but she had no idea how mortgages worked or anything about the foreclosure process. She hoped that the house really had equity, perhaps she could pull some out to help with the bills but she wasn't sure how it worked.

It would be too easy if it worked that way.

Her world had gone from Orphan, to High school loner, to mom, to server to Target Acquisition Specialist. Right now this woman was about to become her new target.
The image of a Strike Drone launching a missile at the black Mercedes and it exploding into a million smoking parts came to her mind but the young couple standing next to it would be collateral damage.

Unacceptable.

Then Julia shook her head clear of that thought. This woman was just doing her job. She didn't know Julia at all.
The real estate woman said, "These people here," She waved to the couple waiting in the distance and they waved back but they averted their eyes from the door where Julia stood, "Can pay the mortgage today. You're ruining my chance on a commission. If I don't get paid then I'll lose my house too. That's how this works. Job and then get paid."
Julia said, "But this is my house. I've lived here before going to war. I paid the mortgage every month until they found me unconscious on duty. Again, I awoke in a hospital bed unable to walk or talk for three months. My ex–husband was supposed to pay the mortgage with the money I was sending him and our baby."
The woman smirked, "Oh, well your husband left months ago. He told the bank that his wife had abandoned him and their son."
"You know something about my Ex–husband and my son! Do you have a record of him saying that? Please tell me where they are. I haven't seen or heard from them in a year."
The woman shook her head and pressed a button on her keychain. The Mercedes engine started and the woman said, "That's not information I can share. You need to be out of this house by tomorrow morning or I'll be back with the Sheriff."
Then she turned and with a singsong voice, she said to the waiting couple, "There was a miss understanding, we'll return in two days. In the meantime, let's see the other property I was telling you about."
Julia slammed the door shut and the ground trembled.
"Oh stop that!" She shouted into the air but the ground shook for a few more seconds longer before stopping.
She floated to the bathroom and looked at herself in the mirror. Tears begin to well up and she took a deep breath. The shadows behind her moved. She turned but the light coming through the window shifted with the clouds. She rolled her eyes and whispered; "Now the shadows are playing tricks."
It was time to go to work. She fixed her hair, read the Waffle House menu three times, then finished getting dressed and left the house.
She floated through the trail in the woods as she read the menu two more times. She stopped reading when the trail opened up to the creek and she looked to see if anyone was watching. No one was out. She floated across the water and then resumed the posture of a person walking normally. A minute later, she arrived at the Waffle House.
Andrew said cheerfully, "Welcome to Waffle House Julia!"
Julia smiled and said, "I'm ready to work..." She saw the stubble on his chin and added, "Did you stay here all night?"
Andrew nodded. He smiled but he looked very tired. Then he pointed to the back door. Julia nodded and went into the back utility room; saw a uniform with her name on a sticky note. She said to herself, "It's the Waffle House Salon again," and then she got dressed in the bathroom.
Minutes later, she walked onto the service floor and the restaurant went silent as everyone stared at her. Barney said, "Now, don't go burning my Waffles young lady."
"Shut up Barney." Betty said.
Andrew walked up to her and adjusted her visor. He whispered, "You are the hottest server I've ever seen."
Betty shook her head, walked up to Julia and pulled her away from Andrew. She said, "I'll be training you honey," she motioned with her hand to Andrew and said, "Go cook," then she turned to Julia and asked, "Now can you tell me three things on the menu?"
Andrew smiled, turned and walked to the grill. Julia read the menu to Betty, in full including most of the prices without looking.
Betty gave a crooked smile and said, "Great, now you're going to show me how you wash dishes and then the bathroom needs attention."
"Don't work her too hard on her first day," Barny said, "We want her to come back tomorrow."
Julia laughed to herself. Compared to basic training this was easy. Betty washed a few dishes, showed her how to clean the dish machine and where to set everything to dry.
Julia washed all the rest of the dishes, cleaned and mopped the bathrooms and when the restaurant filled up with guest and Betty was too busy to give her directions, she bussed tables, refilled glasses and took phone numbers from nearly every single, and some she thought might be married– men that she walked by. Betty's tips started getting bigger.
"It's like a queen just asked me if I'd like a coke with that," she heard men say to each other, more than once, as she left the table. As all the men kept coming in through the door, Julia realized that she hadn't seen this much camo since the war. She remained all–business only flashing her smile when she greeted the guest, after the order had been taken and when it was time to pay the bill.
As the day went on, she smiled more. Few people noticed, or at least talked about her strange way of moving and she guessed that she had perfected the needed motions to fake–walking.
Andrew cooked like a mad man stopping only to show Julia where a bag of sugar was and, from time to time, just to watch her work. He admired how she handled all the attention she was getting while keeping busy with all the tasks she had. To him, she still moved oddly. He could hear her joints clicking and popping when she had to lean over a table or bend down to pick up fallen items off the floor but she was a model employee. She acted professionally but she was so beautiful that he had to force himself to keep his eyes on the grill.
The day turned into a long evening, as word got out that there is a very pretty girl serving at the Waffle House. Then the regular guy failed to show up for his shift. Waters called in and asked Julia to stay on for another shift and he allowed her to have her own tables. Andrew stayed on too but he was starting to mumble and forget things. He looked like he was about to fall over in exhaustion at any moment, so they took a short coffee break together and then got back to work.
"Well look who's here," came a familiar voice.
Julia turned toward the door and her stern expression changed to pure joy.
She shouted, "Frank!" Then pointed to an empty seat in her section.
Frank walked over to the chair and leaned over the divider. Julia almost floated off the floor as she reached out for a hug. Frank wrapped his skinny arms around her and squeezed her tight though he was careful not to hurt her. Then he stepped back and said, "I heard that a pretty girl had just started working here but I never guessed it would be you. He gave her a once over and his head tilted as a disbelieving look pursed his lips.
Julia said, "The doctor gave me a treatment that took the pain away. All the metal is still inside but I can move better now."
Frank shook his head and sat down, "That must be some magic pill because you are not the same girl I saw the other night."
Julia smiled and said, "What can I get ya– Mr. Frank"
Then the door opened again; Barny had returned. He said, "So you found the Princess I was talking about."
Frank turned around and pulled an extra chair next to the low top table he was sitting at. The other people around him adjusted and an extra space formed.
Frank said, "I met Princess Julia the other night. Anna and Jerry brought her up to the Catfish Barn for dinner."
Julia laughed and waved. She said, "Hi Barney, welcome back."
Barny sat down, paused then said, "You sure were busy this morning, so I didn't get to ask... You either grew two inches over night or..."
"The doctor gave her some good meds," Frank said.
"He didn't prescribe any of that hippy crap did he?" Barny said with a smirk on his face.
Andrew flipped an egg and said, "No but I know she can count on you for some when she runs out of her regular meds."
Frank shook his head, took the menu and said, "I'll take a stake and two eggs over easy and Barny will have the usual."
Barny's eyes flicked around the room and he said, "Been seeing more war protestors lately."
Julia called Frank and Barny's order to Andrew then ran food, poured two drinks and dropped them off by Frank. She said, "A protester threw a bottle at me yesterday."
Frank's face turned red. He said, "If I'd have seen that I would have..."
"Calm down Frank," Barny said, "You're going to give yourself a heart attack."
Frank took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He said, "I can understand hating war. We can argue the merits of our politicians all day long. We can even put bad soldiers in jail for committing crimes but treating our boys and girls like this, it ant–right!"
"Well, some older man with a beard got out of his pick up and was about to let that guy have it but he sped off," Julia said.
"He's lucky I wasn't there." Frank patted his side and Julia saw a very large gun under his long brown coat. He continued, "I would have shown him the Judge."
Barny looked at Fred and said, "You're a rebel without a cause."
"But..," Frank started to say when Andrew brought them their food.
Andrew added, "I know what you mean Frank. If I ever saw someone do anything to hurt Julia, I would..."
"You would what, put too much salt in their omelet?" Barny replied.
"I would stop it!"
"What if there was a lot of–em?" Barny pressed.
"Then I would call you and Frank and we would let the Judge decide."
Frank nodded, "That's right boy, you see any trouble come near this girl and you just call me."
Barny shook his head, looked Julia in the eyes and said, "If you ever need an army Princess, look no further than the Waffle House."
Julia laughed and all three men smiled. Then she turned and took more orders. Her mood had lightened and she started engaging some of the other customers. It had been a long time since she was hit–on by people she didn't have to salute or consider killing later...
The more she relaxed the more tips she made. After a while, she realized that, although these people were paying attention to her because she looked beautiful again it still wasn't her they were looking at. Andrew had seen parts of her true self–but for everyone else; it was an imagined version of her that they were infatuated with.
As she continued her busy work, she made quick exchanges with Frank and Barny and she was happy because of how normal this felt. Just the other day, she could hardly move without suppressing tears and now she was joking and cutting up.
After a while, she gave into the imagined version of herself that everyone expected. She felt like an actor as all the nonstop affection from a continuous flow of men entering the restaurant to see her, pushed her into a caricature of herself. She considered the whole thing a show. Her acting made her even more tips. She had played this game while undercover and the exercise made her training come to mind.
The whole interaction was like a play but she was a character being shaped by the thoughts of those in the audience. She knew she wasn't the same girl she was yesterday. She had changed. She remembered how hard it was for her training officers to get her to act like a lady. She passed sniper training, land, sea and air deployment and battle tactics with excellence but it was simply being a pretty girl that gave her the most trouble.
She started to see that part of what these people were seeing in her was really part of who she was. She thought of her relationship with Rand and she realized how confused they both had been. He loved the strong, take–charge side she projected. He admired how she would just do what needed done without needing to be told. He was the control freak, hard–ass but she was the responsible one. Still, he wanted more of her than she could give at the time; and who she really was lay dormant inside…
Then she started washing dishes and her heart returned to her son. Everything she was doing was for him.
Then she stopped.
She had been so busy she forgot to go to the police... She said, "Andrew I gotta go outside for a minute."
Andrew paused, the restaurant was full of men and most of them were there to see her. He smiled and said, "Ok, they can wait."
Julia hurried out the back door and called Rand's phone but the voice mail picked up. She said, "Rand, I've called the police. I'm going to get a detective and we are going to find Noah. You need to call me back!" As Julia stood in the parking lot, a few men started to walk around the back of the restaurant, no doubt to see her, so she hurried back inside.
An hour later Frank and Barney left. She found an extra $20 under Frank's plate but Barney had only given her a dollar tip with a note that said, "Don't worry Hun; you'll get more of my money, so don't go quitting."
She smiled, turned and greeted another table full of smiling, young men and continued the game.
Hours passed. It was getting late and the sun had disappeared. She felt like a robot. Then Andrew stopped her and said, "You're done. It's time to go home."
Julia blinked. She was very tired, so tired that her mind felt like mush. She hadn't worked this hard at any restaurant before. She wasn't just the server. She was the cashier, dishwasher, busboy, food runner and sometimes counselor. The constant work had drawn her in to a blank state of mind.
Andrew held her hand and brushed several strands of her hair away from her eyes. She looked like a perfect mess. He asked, "Can I take you home?"
Julia's blank stare changed and she smiled then nodded. A few minutes later, she shut the jeep door but Andrew hesitated in the driver's seat waiting to start the engine. Julia looked over at him and said, "You want to know about the floating thing."
Andrew pursed his lips and nodded.
Julia inhaled deeply and said, "I don't get it myself. My whole life was falling apart, is falling apart and then I get a flier about a health clinic across the street from the Air force office."
"How did it go with the Air Force? Did they say they could help?" Andrew asked.
"They don't have any records of me ever being in the Air Force. They can't find even one of my commanding officers. So no, they couldn't help, for now. I'm going to bug the crap out of them about this but for now I'm stuck. Anyway, across the street was the health clinic. They sprayed some kind of experimental foam on me; the whole thing was weird... I think the pain medicines I was on really made my mind fuzzy. It was like a dream. The doctor and nurse were both... spaced out, yet they knew exactly what they were doing."
And I'm hearing voices and feeling odd vibrations in my body... But she kept that thought to herself.
"When they were done, I could float. I have to adjust my body in a certain way to move like this. I've never heard of any technology like this and I've seen things right out of a science fiction novel when I was in the Air Force..." 
"Holy Cow!" Andrew said.
"Yes, I had to train myself to look like I'm walking normally. Yes, Holy Cow, and I can fly too."
Andrew put the Jeep in reverse and then drove onto the main road towards her home. He was quiet until he suddenly pulled over and stopped. He said, "Show me."
"Andrew, this is exactly what I don't want. I don't like people staring at me."
"It won't be like that; it's me. You can't be alone in this."
Julia thought about the voice warning her about the hunter. She wasn't alone in this, but she knew what he meant. She said, "Take me home Andrew."
He started to protest but shut his mouth, put the jeep in drive and turned back onto the main road. A few minutes later, they pulled into her driveway and stopped at the mailbox.
Julia said, "Drive to the back of the house."
Andrew obeyed.
The sun had set hours ago, so she invited him inside. "Can you get some wood from the garage and bring it inside?" She pointed to the large stack of cut wood sitting under the garage.
Julia went inside as Andrew walked to the garage. He stacked several loads on the back porch and after picking up another stack, he went inside.
As he walked inside, he heard the crackling fire from the living room just ahead. A glow was coming from the main room but the hallway blocked his view.
He tried to walk as casually as possible but his heart was beating wildly. He didn't know what he expected to see around the corner.
He had watched Julia working hard all day. She was polite and she accepted every compliment and phone number with a smile. She wasn't leading anyone on but she had a way to make everyone feel that they had her attention and that's all most of them wanted. All but the most foolish were very aware that a woman like this was out of their league and Andrew felt the same way too.
He passed the end of the hallway and looked up. The stack of wood in his hands hit the floor as he stared up in amazement at Julia's floating body. Her feet were beautiful. Her hair and flowing nightgown seemed to ignite in the firelight. He stood dumbfounded staring at the curves of her body, the way the gown hid and revealed her full breasts. She looked more amazing than he had imagined. 
Julia held her eyes closed and slowly turned a full circle in midair excited and scared to show herself in this way. Slowly, she lowered herself to the ground and stood with her head up. Her chest rose as Andrew walked close to her and wrapped his arms around her. She hesitated and then looked away. He pulled her closer to him and she felt his body throbbing against her body.
Her eyes lowered and then she looked at him. The ground began to shake, as it had done so many times before but they ignored it. Seconds later the rumbling stopped. Julia thought of the presence, her son, Rand and all that she had gone through over the past year. Andrew tried to kiss her but she turned her face as she hardened and retreated into her fears.
Andrew watched as she sank deeper into her mind. He said, "You are not some lost girl as others think. You are the strongest woman I've ever met and though you hide it you are one of the sweetest people in the world."
His words touched her and her thoughts blurred. She felt her heart rate quicken. Her mind focused on the sound of his voice and the barriers she had hidden behind washed away. The weakness that she feared could not stand against all she now knew to be true about herself. She had been lost... but not anymore. She wasn't sure who she was becoming but the lock around her heart opened and she looked him in the eyes.
Andrew stared at her and took a deep breath. He took her by the hand and they both sat on the floor before the hearth. He tried to tell her that his heart was about to explode, that he had loved her since the moment he had first seen her. He didn't care about her disabilities, he could see past all that. She is the most beautiful woman he knew, inside and out, but no words came out.
Julia leaned forward and he met her with a kiss. She could feel his heart beating in the palms of his hands. She wanted this, him. She wanted to be looked at the way he looked at her. He had always been interested in her and his heart was true. In a way, he was the man she had been waiting for all her life.
Slowly, he released her lips but then he kissed her again and the connection was like fire.
Then he leaned back and smiled. He didn't say anything but his kiss told her everything she needed to know; he wanted all of her. She whispered, "Take off your clothes."
He said, "I want you Julia but I want to wait." He paused for a few moments then continued, "I've rushed into too many relationships, when I fall it's hard. You have many–things on your plate. I want to help you with all this. I want to be your partner and friend, and then I want to be your love."
Julia stared at him for a long moment. The fire popped and crackled in an endless musical that filled the silence in a way that focused her mind on the power of his words and the fact that he meant them.
Julia looked at the fire and whispered, "Something inside me, I'm changing–I'm reconnecting,"
Andrew squeezed her hand and said, "Awakening."
Julia smiled, pursed her lips and said, "It's been a long time since I've felt this way." She closed her eyes and she felt his thumbs rubbing gently against her palms but he remained still.
She didn't have words to express how she felt for him right now. She had started to believe that she wasn't going to find someone again; who would want someone as messed up as she was...
She thought,
Love, what a complicated act.

Andrew had been there for her from the beginning. He had seen her. He had showed her kindness and he was interested in her when he knew she had little to offer. He believed in her.
He started to speak again but she floated into him and kissed him again. He started to resist but then melted into her embrace. Then he was kissing her and she was taking off his shirt...
Two hours later, Andrew sat up and quietly re–built the fire. He didn't want her living in this cold place without power or reliable heat. He lived with friends in a shared apartment but it had power and running water. He took a deep breath; he felt his heart rushing forward. He was moving faster than his mind could keep up with and usually that was a bad thing.
"I can't judge her by my past," he whispered. Still, he had put his heart out there too many times only for it to be taken for granted, misunderstood or abused...
Julia's naked form lay like a freshly cut flower on a sea of blankets. He covered her with the Army sleeping bag and then watched her lying peacefully as the fire crackled. She stirred for a moment, a smile passed across her face but she remained asleep. He loved how beautiful she looked at rest and with no worries…
A few minutes later, he was dressed and quietly he left out the back door.
That night Julia dreamed that she had great, orange and green wings that sparkled like diamonds under the light of a strange sun. She was flying in a world far away where flowers were as big as houses and towns looked like forest shaped into dwellings by the songs of old lovers. In the distance, she saw the greatest tree she ever beheld... but inside it lived a Red Dragon.
Chapter 11
Julia awoke feeling the wind in her hair but she was only floating inches above the ground. She arched her back slowly and her body lifted until she was standing on her feet. The Blanket dropped from her naked body and she felt suddenly powerful. Something from her last dream still pumped through her veins. She wanted to fly and knew she could but was afraid to do it.
Then she thought about Andrew and she felt her pulse quicken.
He must have left late last night.

She hadn't planned on making love to him like that, but it was love that they had made. She smiled. Relationships had not been on the top of her to–do list but it was now. He was someone special. She felt connected to him in ways her mind couldn't comprehend. He had walked in past her inner walls with simple kindness and honesty.
The police!

She quickly found her phone and called the police. When the lady answered the phone, she gave her name and the information Andrew had told her about the case. There was a long pause before Julia asked, "Is there anything new on my ex–husband and son?"
"You must be Julia," The officer said.
"Yes." She heard tapping on a keyboard.
The officer said, "The number you called on, is this your return number?" 
"Yes! Can you tell me anything about my son?"
"Miss, the missing persons report," more tapping sounds in the back ground, "Andrew filed the day before still shows, {In progress,} why didn't you file the report Julia?
Julia stopped for a moment. Since waking up in the hospital, her mind had been either in a fog or in shock from pain but there was something more. She searched her memory, she had a new clarity of mind but something had been blocking her, slowing her progress, yes even stopping her from telling people... what, 
Where I live

Then the warning returned to her memory, "The hunter is coming."
The dispatch officer sounded impatient when she asked, "Never mind, can I set up a time for an officer to meet you and ask a few more questions?"
"Yes! Please!"
"Okay Miss Anderson, We'll call you when we're ready to send someone over."
"Okay, thanks," Julia hung up as her heart raced. She needed to discover what the voice was and who this Hunter is.
Could it be a terrorist using some kind of mind control? She wondered, is someone seeking revenge for the deaths I'm responsible for.
However, it didn't make since,
Why not just kill me or... worse and what is the presence?

Julia flinched as her phone started buzzing and a preprogramed alarm started playing a Jazz tune. It was time to go to work.
She gathered her things and checked her apron, she was surprised to find another wad of cash. She didn't count her tips yesterday. It was only $248.00 and some change. She felt disappointed but it wasn't bad money for the kind of work she did. Anything over $100 was actually better than she expected but she needed a lot more money just to get her Driver's License back and more than that to live on. How she would produce $600 each month plus rent and food was beyond her...
She fixed her hair, took her uniform off the hanger in front of the fireplace and put it in her bag. Then she floated out the back door and down the driveway. When she reached the mailbox, she saw the real estate agent waiting in her Mercedes.
The ground began to shake and Julia watched as the trees swayed. She could feel the tension in the air, as if something was straining against a great force, then released it into the ground.
The passenger side window rolled down and the woman said, "The sheriff will be here in the morning to evict you, but I hope he sends you to jail. I lost a commission because of you!"
Julia said, "I'm sorry about all this but do you have to be so cruel?"
"You look fine to me honey. Besides, you chose all this." The woman spat back, "Next time you might get your priorities straight."
Julia turned and walked away before she could say what she was really thinking. A few minutes later the black Mercedes sped past her at high speed with the horn blowing and the woman's middle finger waving out the window.
She really wished she could call in a drone strike but then changed her mind. She looked at the time on her phone.
30 minutes to make it to the Waffle House.

The roads were clear, so she lifted off the ground and rose up above the trees, found the trail she had used the day before and descended on it.
She pushed her speed to the limit as she avoided tree branches and newly formed spider webs. A mixture of emotions washed through her. Andrew's kiss, her lost son and now eviction from her home stretched her mind in every direction and all at the same time. Then she slowed as she reached the edge of the forest and lowered her body to the ground. There were people walking on the rocks not far from her downstream but they were looking the other way.
She moved across the water like and eagle about to catch its prey. When she set her feet on the ground, it was 20 minutes before her shift. She quickly put her uniform shirt on. Her phone buzzed and she saw Andrew's message, "Last minute emergency with school project, won't be in today. C U tonight after work?" 
Julia quickly text, "Yes."
A few seconds later, he buzzed her back, "Miss you already!"
Julia missed him too. She placed her phone in her bag, went inside and ate breakfast. Before she could finish eating, the restaurant began to fill with many of the same people, men, who had come the day before and nearly all of them wanted to sit in her section.
She took a last bite, excused herself and then started what turned out to be a very busy shift.
Seven hours later, she cashed out and turned down several offers for a ride to the hair salon. She only wanted to ride with Andrew now.
She walked to the Hair Salon and her stylist greeted her at the door. She smiled and said, "Okay, I'm ready for the works."
She was going to lose her house tomorrow but she could get a hotel in a day or two and then maybe an apartment in a few months but she was going to look great. When her hair was done, she moved to the other side of the salon and had her nails done and got a chair massage. The massage therapist whispered to her that she felt like a bag of nuts and bolts. Julia laughed and explained what the doctors had done to her spine but the therapist couldn't believe that she could even move much less seem to float across the room.
Julia shut her mouth, tipped him well and paid the cashier.
She float–walked to Walmart and bought nail clippers and a tent, just in case the sheriff really does evict her from her house the next day. She wanted to get a better cell phone that could access the internet but between the phone's price and her bad credit it still wasn't an option. If the police couldn't find her son soon she'd be forced to take the drastic measures she'd hoped to avoid. She paused in thought,
There has to be a way to get the word out about my missing son... 

The police would help but this was all taking too long. She had enough money to drop leaflets around the city but she didn't have any pictures of Noah to print...
Julia shook her head in frustration,
For now, I've got to keep moving forward and be ready when a way opens up...
After leaving Walmart, she stood at the edge of the parking lot and looked at the space across the street where she had been given the treatment that let her fly...
The voice had started making sense that day.

It wasn't until after that treatment that the groaning and growling had changed into clear words.
She wondered if the military had some new technology they were testing out on her without her knowledge...
She glanced to her right and her eyes settled on the Air Force recruitment office. The last time she had gone there, her mind was still in a swamp, she was desperate and without hope, all distractions. It was time to demand answers and not leave until she got her money and found out what happened to her squad and commanders. They had to know what was going on and what was happening to her. If they arrested her then at least she would get a lawyer... Weren't they the ones responsible for what happened to her money while she was in hospital?
The screech of tires coming from her left snapped her out of her thoughts. An old pickup truck, like the one she had seen the other day had stopped in front of the Applebee's. Julia's eyebrows lifted as two men jumped out of the truck. They were carrying shotguns as they ran inside the front door.
Julia dropped her bag, checked that the road was clear, rose several inches above the ground and then darted across the street.
When she reached the other side, she found the old truck parked on the side of the building and it was still running. By the sound of it's rumbling, she could tell the motor had been modified. This wasn't some old clunker about to break down it was a getaway vehicle!
As quietly as she could, Julia opened the front door to the restaurant and floated inside.
A gruff, male voice said, "I want all the girls' clothes off! You guys over there by the register and girls inside the kitchen."
"We don't have time for this!" The younger man said.
"I only need two minutes on that one. After you get the cash you can have seconds or take that boy over there."
Julia floated closer towards the two men shaking her head, so that the restaurant workers would know to keep quiet about her presence. She had to make exaggerated movements to stop herself from flying into the ceiling or ground. She hadn't practiced flying very much and her full body movements looked a little like a dolphin swimming.
A few of the servers glanced at her, their eyes went wide but then they quickly looked back at the two men when they saw her shaking her head slowly. The two men had been to busy arguing among themselves to see anyone react to her floating up behind them.
Both men stood to the left of the bar facing the kitchen and near side entrance. The older man was big and tall. He had on overalls and a red T–shirt, wore a beard and kept his shotgun pointed at the men lined up to the left. Julia thought she had seen him before, maybe he was the man who had helped her the other day with the protester but she couldn't place the face. The younger man glanced repeatedly at the old man as his gun motioned for the now naked women to lay down on the tiled floor. 
"I need her," He pointed with his beard toward a pretty server, "to be on all fours."
Several of the girls and a few of the guys were crying but as Julia approached, she grew quiet and looked away. 
The younger robber said, "You heard–em! Get on all fours and point yer ass up!"
Julia wasn't a large girl to begin with and after being laid up in the hospital for a year, she was barely over a hundred pounds, but she knew how to use surprise and leverage to her advantage. She wasn't strong, being able to fly didn't give her super strength but the sight before her made her feel 10 times stronger.
She quietly took a glass off the bar and waited for the younger man to step closer to the bearded robber and then she tossed the glass over their heads and it broke against the side exit! The two men flinched at the sound of the shattering glass!
Julia lifted herself to the ceiling and dropped at full speed. Just as she slammed into the smaller man, she reached out and took his shotgun and paused in midair as the two men collided. The older man pulled the trigger and his shotgun blasted a hole in the ceiling as it tumbled to the ground. Julia swooped down on the fallen shotgun like a hawk on a rabbit and snatched it up. She continued flying not waiting to see what the men would do next. The servers parted as she raced through the kitchen, out the back door and dropped the shotguns on the roof.
She heard the roar of the trucks engine and tires screeching. She hesitated. The people inside were more important than catching these two men. The back door had swung shut and locked by itself, so she flew around and entered through the front door. The girls were nearly dressed when she floated into the kitchen. She asked, "Is everyone okay?"
"The manager helped one of the employees to his feet and said, "We are all shaken up. I think they were going to kill us all."
"Are you an angel?" The girl who had been forced to undress and get on the floor asked as she quickly pulled her panties back on.
"No, I'm just in the Air Force," Julia replied.
"But how do you fly like that?" another girl asked.
"I don't care what you say, you are an angel," said one of the cooks.
"I've got to see if I can identify where those men went. Can someone give me a pen and paper?" Julia said.
A server handed her a receipt book and his pen. Julia took them, turned and flew out the front door.
The truck's tires had left burnout marks, as they turned right out of the parking lot. She lifted high into the air and hovered for a moment. She squinted and spotted the truck stuck in traffic just at the edge of her sight.
In her mind, she envisioned a bright orb of light stretching into a spear. She bent her whole body towards it. The wind whipped her hair back as she flew over buildings heading for the old truck. She wished she were like Super Girl but she didn't think she would ever be able to fly that fast.
The light turned green and the truck started moving. It swerved around the car in front of it but the other cars in that lane were driving slow. The delay gave Julia time to catch up. She could see the tag and quickly jotted down the numbers.
Then the truck began blowing its horn. The cars started moving out of its way and the truck sped down the street.
Julia pushed her speed as fast as she could go but the supped–up truck turned right on the access road and disappeared up the mountain.
She rose above the trees and followed the mountain ridge until the road appeared again. She hoped that the winding road had slowed the truck. She lowered into a large tree above the road and waited. Minutes passed and she grew impatient.
She jump–floated from tree branch to tree branch back tracking until she smelled burnt rubber and saw more tire tracks. The truck had turned onto a dirt road that led around the mountain. After following it for a while, she realized that they could have turned off any of the many side roads or parked in the garage in any of the log cabins she had passed.
Frustrated, she decided to head back toward town. She lifted into the air. The sun hung on the horizon giving way to twilight. She could smell the mixture of trees and car exhaust fumes. When she was back on the main road, she found several helicopters flying in circles and one had spotted her. Seconds later, two more choppers appeared and started to approach her.
Julia considered flying into the woods and doing exactly what those horrible men had done and disappear but an idea came to mind.
She rose into the air and flew slowly towards the Applebee's. The helicopters surrounded her and nearly blinded her with their spotlights. She was careful to fly slowly, so that she would have their full attention.
She ignored the honking coming from below. The main road became a parking lot as people rushed out of the strip malls. Many stepped out of their cars and onto the road and stared up with their camera phones snapping pictures and screaming in surprise.
Julia landed in the Applebee's parking lot. Several police cruisers, ambulances, fire trucks and Action News vans were surrounding the restaurant. News cameras pointed at her and followed her, as she walked in the front door.
Lights flashed as several reporters pushed microphones in her face. They asked, "Are you the Smokey Mountain Angel?"
Julia said, "I am Julia Anderson and I'm looking for my son. Can you help me?"

Part 3


Chapter 12
Julia stood silently in the restaurant's tiny entryway surrounded by reporters. Cameras flashed and the sound of more and more cars stopping in the parking lot came from the distance. She hated this. This wasn't her worst fear but it was in the top 10. Her whole life would now be set on a table, so that the world could see every little choice she had ever made. From this day forward, they would pick apart, analyze and judge who she was…
The idea to put herself out there like this had been her own but in her belly, she knew the presence wouldn't approve of this but she had to find her son.
A powerful boom came from the mountain. The whole building rocked in waves of violent shaking and Julia Rose an inch above the ground. Everyone around her reached for the walls and held on to each other to stabilize themselves. A moment later the shaking stopped. This time there were no images associated with the earthquake, as had happened before but within her mind, she saw colors. She saw red and orange flashing in her vision and her heart rate increased. The presence was warning her.
"This is the Angel we told you about!" The Restaurant Manager yelled from the back of the store.
"She saved our lives!" said the girl Julia had helped up off the kitchen floor earlier.
As all the cameras stayed fixed on Julia the reporters began asking questions. When she opened her mouth, everyone went silent. She said, "I need your help. Since my injury a year ago, I've been in the hospital. When I came home a few days ago, I found that my son and ex–husband were missing. No one, not even the police knows what happened to them. They repossessed my home and erased all my funds from my bank account. Can someone please help me?"
"What's your name?" asked a reporter.
"Julia Anderson," she replied.
A reporter who just arrived started laughing to himself as he said, "Can you really fly Julia?" But the other reporters around him shook their heads.
A woman standing behind Julia, holding a microphone said, "We just saw her fly down from the mountains and land just a few feet away."
"She can fly," shouted the manager!
"We all saw her!" several of the servers and cooks said from the kitchen.
"I don't want this kind of attention but I need help finding my son," then Julia took a deep breath and said, "Yes, I can fly," and then she rose higher into the air.
Gasps came from around the room as more cameras flashed. Julia slowly lowered herself back to the ground.
Then a man standing just out of camera view lowered his phone and said, "Julia, I am authorized to pay you a large sum of money for an exclusive interview. We will pay you for your story and put all the information about your missing son on the 10:00 pm news for the world to see."
Julia nodded and asked, "How much money?"
The man scribbled on a business card and handed it to her. Julia took it and her eyes went wide. She said, "Put this in a formal agreement and you have a deal."
"The reporter looked at the manager and asked, "Do you have a fax?"
"I have one in my office." Then he looked at Julia and added, "I will have your contract in a few minutes but you will need to stop answering anymore questions until our interview is completed."
Chapter 13
"What the hell is going on," demanded General Troy
No one answered as the analysts sitting in the dark room stared at the wall of video screens filled with Julia Anderson's face plastered across the prime time news.
"I thought that operator was still in the hospital somewhere."
The people in the room remained silent.
The door to the right slid open and a tall woman with dark hair, a wristwatch and glasses walked in. She wore a dark blue tailored suit revealing just enough of her figure to be attractive but not enough to be distracting. The general looked away from her and back at the TV screens in front of them. He shook his head and said, "Method, of all the places on Earth for her to end up..."
Method continued walking silently until she stood next to the general. She reached down and touched the screen next to him. A few names appeared and she waited. Moments later, one of the computer screens replace Julia's face with the data readout she had requested. She said, "This has happened since our friend increased its activities. This is the answer to our anomalies. It seems that it's been guiding or interfering with our internal operations after all."
The general parted his lips but his teeth remain locked shut, then he said, "I guess there is more to our friend than I suspected."
Method paused for a moment then began stringing together other anomalous events that had begun since the last known contact with Julia Anderson. Method spoke to the computer aloud, "Roger."
A holographic face appeared above the screen. The overall likeness was of a balding man who was wearing glasses. The rest if the AI's hair was long and Method noticed that it was not within Air Force regulation. Roger replied, "Hello Method, it's nice to see you again. How may I serve you?"
Method said, "Given the information I pointed out here," she pointed to the string of events she had just linked together, "Give me the probability of our friend interfering with our systems."
With a very human gesture, Roger looked down where Method had pointed. He said, "Our friend is locked in a field of blue energy, which none of our sensors can penetrate. I assume the creature cannot penetrate the confines of his prison either."
The general's jaw relaxed and he let out a quiet sigh of relief. Method remained silent as the general looked at one of the screens Julia Anderson's face was on. He said, "Thank God you're wrong."
Method did not reply and the general raised his eyebrows. He said, "Even Roger doesn't agree with you…"
Method looked at Roger and then back at the General. She said, "But if I'm right and our friend is responsible… If our friend can manipulate people, penetrate our networks and then erase its tracks then I'm not sure which of the two visitors we should be more cautious of."
General Troy's eyes glazed and he said, "I saw what little data we could get from that ship's computer. That creature's just a giant pet captured God knows where. I know who our enemy is."

Chapter 14
An hour later, Julia sat in a chair in the back corner of the restaurant.
Everyone but the remaining restaurant crew and the I9 international news team were gone. The manager had closed the store for the day and cleared the restaurant of everyone but Julia and those here to help her. Ornate platters filled with strips of stake, vegetables skewered pork and little sandwiches waited on a table not far away. The cameramen and producers ate as they adjusted the lights and talked into headsets around mouths filled with food.
Julia was becoming hungrier by the minute but it was almost time for the interview, so when the Reporter, Mr. George Kotopopuls saw her looking at the food, he shook his head. He said, "Wait to eat until after the interview. You don't want the world to see you belch on live television."
The manager had agreed to allow the interview to take place here but it wasn't clear if he would get in trouble with his boss. Earlier, Julia heard him yelling on the phone to someone, "That girl saved all our lives! If this will help her find her son then I'm going to do it."
Julia heard the phone slamming into the receiver and moments later, he walked back into the dining area. His face looked red but when his eyes fell on Julia, he smiled.
Several lights and cameras, positioned to capture Julia's every detail, blazed down on the chair where she sat. She felt a little nervous knowing that this interview would be international news. The bright lights shining in her face brought back dark memories. When she had gone through interrogation training, her instructors had beat her, everything but raped her, water boarded and belittled her and threatened her life and family just so she would be ready in real life if she was captured behind enemy lines.
"Calm down girl," Julia whispered to herself, "This is different Jules. We're going to find Noah."
A young girl, the Makeup Artist, combed Julia's hair and applied powder. In the video test, she saw stress lines around her eyes and mouth, so she relaxed her face and the lines disappeared. The girl working on her said, "Your complexion is perfect but I need to soften a few areas so that the bright lights won't wash out your natural beauty."
Mr. George Kotopopuls sat down in the chair before Julia.
A small light on the main camera turned from red to green and George said, "Thank you Julia for giving us this interview?" 
Julia nodded and said, "Your welcome, and thank you for helping find my son and offering such a large sum of money to tell my story... This will help a lot."
"Tell us a little about yourself."
"My life has changed so much since my injury a year ago and especially over the past few days. Right now, I'm just a woman trying to piece her life back together. I can't find my son, I can't drive,"
Julia took a deep breath. She could feel her heart racing and she tried to slow it down with another breath but she was too upset. She had enough to pay off her house and rent a car. She could end all this walking down the street while people stared at her business. She could get a job now because she would soon be able to drive but how many were still in her old shoes. How many were not getting a huge contract today?
She said, "I'm saying this for all those who love their children but are going through hard times. For them, this system is broken. Can you stop taking away their means to and from work, ruining job interviews and making trips to the grocery store unbearable? If you must do something punitive to get the deadbeat parents, who don't care about their kids– to pay their child support then restrict the driver's license. Limit it but don't cut off a good person's legs and then ask why aren't you running."
Julia took another deep breath and smiled. She said, "I just had to get that off my chest. So, where was I...? Oh yea, now my home was foreclosed on and I've been sleeping in a sleeping bag in front of the fireplace... and there's that whole flying thing..."
Mr. Kotopopuls said, "It sounds like you have survived quite a lot. You told me earlier that you have a scar that starts from your neck and stretches all the way down to your heel?"
"Yes," Julia turned her back to the camera and lowered her shirt revealing where the scar starts on her neck then she floated up in her seat, raised the back of her shirt and showed the TV audience the lower part of her back. She dropped her shirt, lowered herself into her seat and turned around. She said, "That happened in the war. My spine, arm and leg have dozens of titanium pins, plates and who knows what else..." She shook her head as she remembered the pain. "And it hurt a lot. The treatment took that pain away."
Then the ground began to shake. The cameramen held on to their equipment. Julia could feel the presence approaching her mind. She felt a growing sense of alarm as she heard the words, 
She ts wooching yhou!

Julia looked around the room. Her eyes were wide and her breath came in short panting burst. Then she looked at the television camera. The shaking had stopped and everyone was looking at her. She took a calming breath and said, "Hard to get use to all that mining."
The reporter nodded and waved dismissively. He said, "Yeah, that's what brought me to this town. I never thought I'd be covering the story of the century, not here anyway but back to you. You truly are a remarkable person Julia. Now can you tell us how is it that you can fly?"
"A few days ago I visited a clinic sponsored by the Mining Company. A doctor and nurse told me they had an experimental medicine to help people with injuries that left them immobilized. Since my accident, I have been in extreme pain and was barely able to move–much less walk, so I agreed. I was at a very low point in my life and I was willing to try anything."
"Yes, about the Air Force. Our investigators have only been looking for an hour but they haven't found any records of you being in any branch of the armed forces. The Air Force has no record of you."
Julia pursed her lips, inhaled slowly and then let out her breath. She said, "They told me the same thing when I went to them for help. The details of my service are Top Secret, so for now I'm not going to say any more about that."
"That sounds a little... convenient. Since it's top secret, you can't tell us more about your time in the service."
Julia tried to control her temper as she said, "I don't care what it looks like. I'm not here to make you believe anything. I'm here because... well this," Julia floated up out of her chair, turned, lifted her shirt again and showed the camera the scar going down her spine and disappearing into her belt line. She let a moment pass then she dropped her shirt and sat back down. She continued, "I didn't make up that scar. I can fly and my son is still missing. Noah is the reason I'm doing all of this."
"My son is five years old now. He has dark brown hair, hazel eyes and a sweet personality. He lived with my ex–husband while I was fighting in the war. I've done everything that I can think of to get my life back in order, find my boy, get a job and settle this mess. Since Child Protective Services suspended my driver's license, I can't even drive my car to a job interview! And when I walked up a mountain to an interview, they wouldn't hire me because I couldn't drive a car! What good is that?"
"Julia, can we stay focused. I understand you're frustrated. Clearly, you have been injured and, unless our audience believes we're making all this up you just floated up off your chair and showed us the scar on your back. Earlier, helicopters recorded you flying back to the restaurant. You really can fly. The problem is this; we can only verify what the people you saved are saying and what we saw with our eyes. The Air Force claims they have no records of you and the mining company says that they haven't sponsored any health clinics in this area; but we did find a YouTube posting of a girl who floated off a bed. People claim it happened here. Was that you? Did that happen here? Is this the clinic you're talking about?"
"Yes."
"Then why didn't you come forward earlier?"
"I know what it's like to be stared at. I've been the hunch back of Pigeon Forge; I just didn't want that kind of attention, this kind of attention. I'm only here because I want your help, everyone's help– to find my son!"
The reporter nodded and motioned with his hand. A moment later, a young man with long hair drawn back into a ponytail sat down at the table next to Julia. He pulled out a pencil and a large pad of paper and he said, "Now let's show the world what you're little boy looks like."

Chapter 15
The Hunter awoke. Her dreams faded from her awareness, as the human mind does each morning. All the uncheck adventures that her subconscious went on while she slept were stored in her memory banks for the High Lord's inspection.
She was one of his most loyal servants. He never interfered with her dream process, though he was the center or cause of most of her fears and hopes. The High Lord studied the dreams of sentient beings. He told her once that they represented her true desires and sometimes they showed him things about life that he had not considered.
The High Lord could not dream. He had a dream program with random settings meant to mimic the human mind but he once admitted to her that compared to the messy minds of those who originated from the organic, his dreams remained sterile and predictable. As she thought about her last dream, she knew he would be curious about her inner desires during her absence.
She allowed her automated systems to lower her heart rate and she decided to classify this last dream as longing to be with family. The Sapens were her family now, however far and disconnected she was from them. However, the bonds with some of those she had once shared her life with felt stronger than those artificially induced through the many social experiments the High Lord had put her through. She had many children now, some conceived by "natural means" while most were delivered through the Sapen birthing programs; but the memory of her first born never left her heart.
After her world had been brought under Sapen's Leadership Sapen had found her himself and he personally converted her. It was an honor few enjoy. Then he gave her one of the most advanced ships in the armada and commanded her to search each new world they arrived on, Earths like this one, and find one person.
In Sapen's Discipleship, there were no generals but since her work often took her to other dimensions to prepare the High Lord's way or if she had to stay behind to complete another mission, she was in charge. Sapen trusted her and often the command link remained disconnected. If her prey, which was always male, was still alive when she found him, and even when dead, she would find him or his remains. She always located her target. However, because of her task's great importance to the High Lord, when she did give commands they took precedence over everything but Sapen himself.
Where is the High Lord and everyone else and how did these savages disable my command ship's homing beacon?
She reached over and flipped off the emergency lights. At times, she used thought commands or the ship's AI to predict her next move but she liked feeling the world around her.
The scout ship started humming. Its tiny space had been her home for the past year. She knew the meaning of every vibration in this ship. At times, she would jack into its systems, place the AI on copilot and become the ship. This AI was rudimentary but it was her only companion now. It didn't communicate like a human or a Sapen. This little fella, as she liked to call it could reach human mind potential but she wanted to stay clear of that. When unnecessary she avoided attachments. She let the ship's AI began generating a flight path to the Smokey Mountains and she looked out the window and smiled.
This world was like every other world she had been to; all but the last one, so all her geographical maps matched her previous satellite data. Some of the nation states were different from the last few Earths she had been to but all those lines on the map would soon change…
This was a primitive world; it was much like the Earth she had been born on so long ago. She saw the same suffering, hunger and the constant wars she had experienced on her own world and she felt pity for these people. When Sapen arrives, many would die out of misunderstanding, confusion and stubbornness. Sapen had tried many different ways to announce his intentions to each world he entered, from direct knowledge to subtle infiltration but none worked as intended. Most humans wanted freedom ultimately and only the ones that loved the High Lord, fanatical or not, had any chance of long–term success.
Since the High Lord hadn't given her instructions for this Earth, she wasn't sure what her purpose was here but she was sure that there had been a malfunction during the last Quantum U Jump. Those answers were in her space cruiser's database along with her captive.
Her Emotional Limiter sent her override system a warning and she adjusted her level of empathy for these people. She would have to decide this world's next step but that would have to wait. She had work to do first.
Her ship sent her a tingling sensation, one she liked, that told her that the course had been set. A window opened in her vision and she saw the ship's projected rout and time it would take to get there. She blinked and the ships cloaking field activated and then rose up out of the Mississippi river, turned toward the east and shot off into the air.
Then she paused in mid thought and the little fella hesitated as she double–checked her readings. Julia Anderson, The Smokey Mountain Angel was her target. This was the first woman in all the worlds she had been on that matched her target's criteria. She would need DNA samples from her home to confirm her pancellular harmonics; but the algorithms were never wrong. She waited for a moment longer as she watched the interview from the I–9 international news team. There was something special about this girl and she could fly.
She had a thought, 
Little fella, run a secondary probability algorithm.

The results came quickly. It was a 99% match.
Somehow, my captive is making this girl fly. This complicates things.

She would need 100% confirmation of the match, 99% would not be good enough in this case but she had a feeling that this was her man.
When this mission was over, she would have to repair her command ship and begin working on a way to send messages through the infinite spaces between universes. That wouldn't be the hard part though; finding the universe her master now occupied would be the difficult part. She would need someone that understood the esoteric nature of communicating trans–dimensionally. Through stealth and cunning she could begin the preparations for when the High Lord would arrive but her lost captive and her highest priority target were now in sight. She would divert all her attention and resources toward that goal.

Chapter 16
Julia awoke to the sound of blood pounding in her ears. She could feel her heart beating in her face even as her dreams retreated from memory.
In this dream, she was that boy again, the same kid from the high school who was hiding out in abandoned gun shops, dodging zombies as he and a few of his friends fled toward the Florida coast. But now, he had somehow grown larger than any man she had ever seen. He had flown faster than a rocket, across the Gulf of Mexico– through a hurricane to find those who were responsible for destroying his world and turning billions of people into zombies.
The thrill of flying several times the speed of sound, without a jet still had her pulse throbbing. She didn't think she'd ever go past 30 mph without wings and a jetpack.
And there is something else about that boy, something about things inside him, something more… he was wearing…
The more Julia tried to recall the details the more the memory faded. This boy's life had changed so much since she had last been in this dream and now there were huge gaps missing from his story. The mystery of what might be waiting on the off shore oilrig that he was heading for made her want to go back to sleep and find out what happened next.
The pounding sound came again and she looked at the front door. The door shook with the impacts of each beat.
Her naked form rose out of the sleeping bag. She was grateful that this was the last time she would have to sleep on the floor in front of the fireplace.
KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK!
"I'm coming, let me put some clothes on–" Julia yelled toward the door but her voice was lost in the cacophony of the splintering wood and the door slamming into the wall. A tall muscular man in a brown and gray sheriff uniform filled the frame of her now broken front door.
Julia lowered herself to the floor and covered her breast with her hands.
"Put your hands up! Put your hands up! You're under arrest for trespassing!" The sheriff yelled at her as he rushed into the foyer.
Julia raised her hands and lifted her chin. She spoke in a soft but commanding tone, "You are making a big mistake officer."
"You have the right to remain silent." The officer said as he took her by the wrist, spun her around and cuffed her other wrist.
Julia groaned as a shock of pain shot through her right arm then vanished. She said, "I own this house. You are the one trespassing."
The officer paused for a brief second and glanced at her duffle bag and the sleeping bag in front of the smoldering fireplace. He said, "Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law."
"I hope the truth is used in a court of law. I'm telling you the tru–." Julia said but the officer started dragging her towards the front door. Pain ripped through her body like glass shattering then, just as quickly as it came it disappeared.
Julia said, "I own this house! At least let me get some clothes on before you show my bare ass to the whole world!"
The officer picked her up, tucked her under one arm and then carried her down the front porch steps.
She cried out in pain. She could feel the titanium rods straining against her bones, trying to keep everything in place. Then the pain stopped and she felt the cold morning air touch her skin.
Julia's blood turned hot when she saw the real estate woman standing next to her Mercedes behind the sheriff's patrol car. She smiled as the officer opened his back door and began stuffing Julia inside.
Jolts of pain shot through Julia's back leg and arm and she screamed but then went silent as the pain melted away. Julia slowed her breathing and said, "I bought this house last night! Call the bank!"
"This girl is crazy!" The real estate woman said, "She lost her husband and son and now she wants a free ride!"
Julia was glad she was hand cuffed and an armed officer was standing over her because she would have just slapped that woman. Julia calmed herself, looked the officer in the eyes and said, "I am the Smokey Mountain Angel from TV. They paid me a lot of money last night to tell my story on I9 International. If you call the bank now and let me put on some clothes, like a decent person should, I won't sue you."
"That bitch needs to be in a padded room," The real estate woman said.
The officer stared at Julia for a moment. He had missed the news last night but this morning he had seen a few clips from the interview. Everyone at the office was talking about her, the flying girl from Pigeon Forge. Then he remembered seeing the duffle bag on the floor. He shut the car door, walked inside and returned with her clothes.
He opened the car door and dropped the rest of her clothes on the rear seat before her. He looked at her again, and she raised her cuffed hands. He said, "I'm going to uncuff you. I want you to behave, put your clothes on and stay seated until I have dispatch confirm your story."
Julia smiled and said, "Yes sir." The officer uncuffed her and she started putting on her clothes. Julia said, "Sharron. She's the lady who handled my account with Bank1 late last night!"
The sheriff turned away from her and spoken to the radio, "Susan, find out if Julia Anderson is the property owner at my present location. She says that she purchased this property late last night. The contact is Sharron. Then the sheriff walked away from the car and waited for the response.
Julia looked at the real estate woman and shook her head. The woman discretely lifted her middle finger and mouthed something Julia couldn't read but she got the point, "You're screwed."
A few minutes later, the sheriff returned, opened the door and helped her out of the car. He said, "I'm sorry Ms. Anderson we had an eviction order on this house and it checked out yesterday." He paused then added, "You were floating when I entered the property, weren't you."
"Yes officer. I'd like to get dressed for work. Would you mind escorting that woman off my property?"
The officer nodded. A small smile crossed his lips and he turned to the real estate lady and said, "It's time you leave."
"But... what just happened? I'm just trying to do my job officer. This–"
"If you don't get in your car right now and drive away, you will be the one going to jail for trespassing. Do you understand me?"
The woman huffed, got in her card and drove away.
Julia shook her head when she opened her front broken door. She muttered, "Another door to fix."
The officer turned his car around but stopped and rolled down his window and said, "I'm sorry for breaking your door. If you will allow me, I would like to come by later today and fix it for you."
Julia's eyebrows went up. She said, "Well considering that I'm almost broke again and I need a new bed, I'd appreciate it if you would fix the door."
The officer smiled and said, "Okay, I'll be here after my shift with a new lock and tools. And I am sorry for the confusion."
Julia's eyes softened. She said, "Thank you for checking one more time. I would have been real pissed if you brought be to jail naked." Julia shook at the thought, 
Not only would I've been known as the mystery–flying girl from Pigeon Forge but now I would be the naked flying pigeon girl.

The sheriff smiled as if he could hear her thoughts, tipped his hat and drove away.

Chapter 17
Julia looked at the time on her phone and saw several missed calls from Andrew but she was late for work. If he weren't at work, she'd have to call him on her next break. Then she remembered that they had planned to go out last night and she sent him a quick text, "Sorry about last night... ran into something."
She put the phone down, floated a foot into the air and quickly got dressed. Her phone beeped as she stuffed it into her pocket, flew out the front door and jumped into the air. The sensation felt exhilarating! She had always dreamed of being able to fly but nothing compared to this.
She flew higher and higher into the sky. The mountains rolled on endlessly and her mind returned to Noah; he would love flying. The days were slowly starting to get warmer but she could still see her breath in the mornings as she exhaled. Still, since the treatment at the medical clinic, her body simply didn't get cold or hot anymore.
She looked down. The leaves throughout the forest were starting to fill in the gaps between trees but the foliage was still too thin to camouflage her. The sound of choppers circling above made her quickly settle to the ground. Luckily, she wasn't trying to infiltrate a secret base, just get to work. She descended into the canopy and took the same routes through the forest she had used before and emerged near the river. She froze; dozens of people were walking up and down the riverbank.
"Over there!" shouted a little boy and Julia started to leave.
He continued yelling, "That's her! I told you I saw a girl fly over this river yesterday!"
Julia looked over her shoulder and imagined a map of the area. There wasn't a faster way between here and the Waffle House. She turned back to the waiting people, smiled and waved. The time for hiding was over.
When she waved and a cheer came from the small crowd. Someone was whistling loudly to the people still sitting in cars waiting in the parking lot not far up the hill. She float walked over the river but the gathering people on the banks couldn't back up to let her step onto dry land.
Camera phones recorded every movement as she hovered above the water and moved down stream. More people were running out of the stores and down from parking lots holding cameras to their ears and shouting, "She's here! She's flying above the river!"
There were too many people lining the riverbank. She couldn't continue down the river, more people were waiting down there too. The helicopters had started moving her way, attracted by all the people rushing to the river.
She smiled, knowing what reaction she was about to get. Then she raised high into the air, above the massing people and everyone went silent. Then a lady screamed and several people dropped to the ground. Julia paused in midair to see if they were okay. Everyone was staring up at her. Only a few spectators had seen the others fall. Julia pointed to those lying on the ground and said, "Can yall help the fallen people?"
They looked at her as if God were speaking but several others quickly noticed what she was talking about and began helping the people passed out on the ground. Then she continued flying to the Waffle House and landed at the back door.
Andrew was waiting just outside the door. When she got close, he kissed her and said, "You ran into something... haha"
"Well,– I," Julia stammered.
"You are amazing. You stopped a robbery and from what I hear, it could have been a lot worse. Did you know they caught those guys this morning?"
"They caught those bastards!"
"Yes, guess they thought they'd eliminate the witnesses but you got their tag number and you knew which street they lived off of. Holy cow... They're calling you an angel."
"I'm no angel. I only did what you would do in my place."
Andrew smiled and then kissed her again. He asked, "Why are you coming to work? I thought you got some big pay check from that news station."
Julia's eyes lit up. She said, "I bought my house; nearly got arrested this morning too that's why I'm late. I barely have enough money left over to make a few repairs and get some new clothes. The rest is going to pay the balance of my Child Support. I really need to drive, so I can find another full time position." Then she pulled out an Applebee's gift Card and waved it at Andrew. She said, "Dinner is on me for the next year! You hungry?"
"Well, I love their food… That was the least they could do for you."
"They also offered me a job. I can start as soon as I want."
Andrew nodded, "So you're move–n on up, too good for the Waffle House now."
Julia rolled her eyes.
Suddenly a light flashed and both Julia and Andrew looked towards the parking lot. A news reporter snapped a few more photos. A man behind him was holding what looked like a miniature satellite dish.
Andrew said, "Those assholes are listening to our conversation!"
"Congratulations on the new job Julia," said the reporter that was standing next to the man holding the microphone.
Julia said, "Thanks for the privacy..." and then she whispered, "Asshole."
"Just doing my job," The reporter replied, paused and added, "I know someone who will offer you a book deal; big money upfront and royalties."
Julia laughed then said, "Tell them to call me in a week. After work, I'm searching for my son."
Then Andrew opened the back door and Julia followed him inside. The restaurant was noisy and full of people. The smell of omelets, stake and coffee made Julia hungry. When she walked into the service line, everyone started cheering. 
"Fly for us," said one man!
"Bless my children Saint Julia?" another lady said.
Before Julia could answer the lady, the sound of squealing breaks and honking horns came from outside as a dozen cars pulled in the parking lot all at once. A line of cars and trucks trying to find a place to park stretched down the highway as more and more people were walking toward them from across the street.
"It looks like that reporter has already ratted you out." Julia remembered calling that man an asshole and thought to herself, 
At least that'll put an end to this angel business.
"We're going to need more servers!" The other cook named Jeff said.
"How would they get here?" Andrew asked.
Julia shrugged, went back to the office and then clocked in. She walked back to the grill but the other servers just stood there staring at her.
The noise in the restaurant was so loud that it was hard for anyone to hear anything, much less take and give orders to the cooks.
Andrew took a large soupspoon and banged it against an empty cooking pot. He spoke in a loud voice, "Everyone please be quiet for a moment."
The room went still.
"Julia is here to work," he looked at Julia and winked, "This will be her last day here, so I need everyone who isn't here to order food to please leave."
Julia smiled, if they thought she wasn't working here tomorrow then maybe the restaurant could go back to normal business.
As one, the group of people reached for the menus and Andrew shook his head. He said, "Please understand that there are only a few of us working today. Because of how many people are here and are outside blocking the roads, there won't be any more help for a while. Everyone be patient and you will be served."
"I'm a server," said a lady, "I'll help with the drink orders."
"I can work the waffle machine," said another man, "I used to work for Waffle House a long time ago."
"I can't pay you but we'll share tips..." Andrew said as he looked at Julia and the other servers and they agreed with their smiles.
"We want Julia to fly," said another person standing next to the bathroom door!
Andrew shook his head. He said, "Julia will not be flying in the restaurant. Our insurance doesn't cover accidental flight collisions!"
Then Julia and the other servers split the restaurant into four sections and began serving. After a while, another server arrived and Julia was able to switch from taking orders to preparing drinks and running food.
Some of the older customers held out newspaper clippings and she signed them but most people just wanted a selfie with her. From at least two dozen different angles, the customers recorded her every move. She was frustrated but she just took a deep breath and let it go.
Everyone begged her for her attention, "Please sign my shirt," and more than once, from men and more than one woman she was asked, "Will you marry me?"
She laughed, signed the back of cellphones, napkins, bare skin and she even blessed some of the children, out of courtesy and to get them to go away. She would say, "Dear God, bless these children in the way you see fit." Then she quickly turned to the next person desperately trying to talk to her…
Everyone she met handed her a cash tip. They said things like, "You are my hero," and "I can't believe they took your driver's license. Unless they can fly, how's a person supposed to get to work on time without a driver's license?"
She was surprised by how much her words had affected these people but she knew that, compared to the life she had been living, in fact, she was very wealthy there was just a banking error...
As the morning gave way to noon, Andrew began preparing lunch and then, as the hours went on, dinner. The restaurant was nearly out of food and there wouldn't be a supply truck for at least two days. She was glad that she'd be going home soon.
Andrew said, "Okay beautiful, are you ready to go?"
Julia had lost track of time. She inhaled slowly, feeling the growing strength in her body and she wondered at this for a moment. She was full of energy and if she had to, she could continue going all night.
Her eyes met Andrew's eyes and she said "Not yet," She reached into her bulging apron and pulled out a huge roll of cash. She peeled off a few hundred dollars and divided it between the other servers and cooks. All the servers were tipped well but Julia wanted to make sure they understood that she appreciated them. Then, when the last server walked into the restaurant, two hours later, she and Andrew walked into the back room and headed for the rear exit. The people in the restaurant were calling to her but she kept walking; she knew this circus would never end.
Andrew said with a smile, "You don't need to return to work out the rest of your week if you don't have to. You will still get a good reference from me," Andrew's smile grew wider, "Can I call you tomorrow?"
Julia kissed him and said, "Yes. If you want to you can come by later." Andrew nodded and then she stepped out the back door. Hundreds of people, sitting on cars and in every empty space throughout the parking lot, stood up as one. A collective gasp filled the air. She signed more autographs, answered a few more questions then, to the delight of everyone there, she rose into the air and flew home.

Chapter 18
Within moments of being in the air, a helicopter found Julia and its spotlight followed her. More choppers were heading her way. Julia thought,
This isn't going to get any better.

The lights from the city below looked beautiful. The main road that connected Pigeon Forge to Gatlinburg was now a parking lot and people had abandoned their cars and simply took to walking around from shop to shop. This little city often filled up with visitors and families but she had never seen this many people in one place.
She felt for all those families stuck in the traffic jam and had a long way to walk, and all the mothers with hungry little children...
She took the standard route, rather than using the shortcut through the woods, as she had done before, to avoid unwanted eyes. She flew over hundreds of cars that filled the road leading to her house and they began honking their horns when they saw her; people screamed and camera phones flashed.
When she landed at her house, she found it surrounded. She was grateful when she saw a dozen police officers stationed at her mailbox keeping the mob at bay as other officers directed traffic, trying to reopen the road and get everyone moving.
All the lights in her house were out. As she approached the front porch, she saw that her front door was still broken.
The sheriff must have had a hard time getting back here due to all the traffic.

She wondered if someone might have entered but after a quick check, she relaxed; the place was empty. She made a fire, dumped the contents of her apron onto the mantle and started counting– grateful for all her tips...
She had over $5,000.00!
Her mind raced as she changed her clothes and called the utility companies and arranged for her power, internet and cable turned back on. She needed a car, a bed, at least a small fridge and a TV; nothing fancy, just something to make due until she straightened out all the messes.
Then she called Child Support and had them reinstate her driver's license. She really wanted to give the woman on the phone a hard time... but she let it go and moved on. It was time to buy a new car.
She wondered if she even needed a car now but it was hard to get a job without reliable transportation. She wouldn't want to fly in the rain; she wasn't that boy from her dreams that had some kind of Super Suit on that was impervious to the elements...
She had never been this excited to go buy some old car. It was starting to get late but the car dealerships would still be open. She stepped out the back door and was grateful that she lived near a cliff. Helicopters circled overhead but their focus was on the front door and the people in the street.
When the closest chopper moved out of view, she flew into the woods behind the storage shed and float–jumped from tree to tree until she had made it around the side of the mountain. Then she took to the air, just above the treetops, passed over Dollywood, dipped back down into the forest and emerged on the main road.
Traffic was a nightmare but the confusion gave her cover. She let her hair fall over her face and she casually walked across the street and continued moving until she was behind a strip mall. Everyone concentrated on the other side of the road.
She felt like she was back in the war. The enemy was all around but she slipped past their defenses and found her target. She always found her targets and either destroyed them personally or called in fire. She loved the cloak and dagger, the danger and the pay. She didn't like the killing part though. That part was up to those who understood the true motives behind the order to take out this person or building and ignore that one.
She double–checked that no one was watching her and then she entered the woods, flew into the trees– staying just below the canopy so that no one would see her.
Twenty minutes later, she landed in a tree behind a used car dealership, dropped to the ground slowing her momentum a second before impact and then float walked onto the car lot. After an internal debate about what kind of car she should choose, and then settling for a cheap but reliable pickup truck, a sales man approached her.
He asked, "Is there a particular brand you're interested in?"
"Not really, I'd like something easy on the gas, something compact but not too many miles. Do you have any small 4x4 trucks?"
The man looked at her for a long moment then said, "Strange days lately."
Julia raised her eyes and asked, "What do you mean?"
"You're the first customer I've had all day. I've been sitting in my office watching you on the news wondering if you always flew or if you might need a car."
Julia bit her lower lip and smiled, "Busted! Please don't call the media. It was very hard to get here without being noticed."
"Don't worry, I won't tell."
Julia flashed him a pretty smile and said, "Thank you," Then she patted the small red truck they were standing next to and said, "The sticker says $2,999.00. How much can you come down on that price? My funds are limited."
The man nodded and said, "I know, I saw the interview." He looked back at the office and then at the dealership sign near the highway. He said, "I'm going to put myself out on a limb here but if you can come up $2,000.00, stand next to that sign," he pointed to the dealership sign, "Then I'll get you in a hybrid SUV. It's worth three times what I'm asking and it's a 4x4, has Bluetooth and GPS and I think you'll love it, but it's blue."

Chapter 19
Two hours later, Julia listened to the radio as she drove to a Sears outlet store on the outskirts of town. She ran inside, repeatedly denied being Julia Anderson, and bought a bed, TV and a few other small items and left as quickly as she could. The roads leading away from Pigeon Forge were empty, so she was able to find an alternate path to Lonely Road that took her up into the mountain. It was time to get that job.
In her mind, she rehearsed what she was going to say to Jason. She knew the whole flying–thing would come up in the conversation but she wasn't sure if he would hold that against her.
The parking area was empty at the mining office and the lights were off in the trailer. Julia positioned her SUV near the front door, halfway blocking the narrow road, and float–walked up to the door. Then she knocked and waited.
She could feel the presence growing in the back of her mind but its attention seemed distracted. The wind blew and she looked toward the distant mountains. She squinted and then relaxed her eyes. She could clearly see the waterfall she had visited earlier from here. She tried to remember what it looked like the first time she had discovered it when she was walking down the mountain but she had been so upset then…
Has my vision gotten stronger? She shook her head and looked back at the office. Perhaps it looks different because I'm higher up on the mountain.
Then she knocked on the door again but there was no answer.
I know they had a lot of work to do. Could the traffic disaster in the city have caused them to shut down for the day? Will Jason blame me for this?

Then she put her face close to the window and looked inside; the place was empty but for the large pictures hanging on the walls. Her shoulders dropped. She wanted to show Jason her new SUV, needed to show him that she had made it; she had gotten transportation, she needed them to know this almost as bad as she needed this job. But the office was clean...
A moment later, an alarm sounded in her head. Red and Orange flashed in her vision and her stomach dropped as the presence approached her mind and said, 
Gooo hOme JuLia. I Cn't hold their A–tension loongr.

Then the mountain began to rumble!
"What is going on," She shouted into the air!
Gooo JuLia!

Julia lifted another inch higher, hesitated a moment ready to demand answers…"
Gooo nooowa!

She pursed her lips and quickly flew back to her SUV. She took the back road down the mountain muttering to herself, and the presence about losing that job but the presence remained quiet.
Then she drove the long way around the city until she found the hidden trail that took her through the woods and over the mountain to the back of her house.

Chapter 20
The next morning, Julia awoke to a knock at the door. She rolled out of bed and shook off visions of the sheriff snatching her out of her home while naked again. She quickly put on some old clothes and looked through the peephole in the door. The same sheriff who had arrested her yesterday morning stood on the front porch. There were others behind him but she couldn't make out who they were. The officer had a smile on his face and a new doorknob in his hand.
Julia kicked the crowbar she had wedged under the broken doorknob out of the way and opened the door. She smiled and said, "Welcome back and thank you for waiting for me to answer this time. I like meeting guest fully clothed."
The sheriff's smile widened and as he nodded, he swiveled his lower jaw holding back a full smile. He pivoted on his left foot and revealed a small army of men and women. They held power tools, hammers, shovels and other items.
"I thought I'd invite a few of my friends to help me," The sheriff said.
"Julia leaned out the front door and waved at the waiting people. They smiled and waved back and she said, "Don't ya think that's a little over kill for a door repair?"
"Yeah, well, during my brief– visit inside your home, I noticed that this place needed some, repairs. We want to fix the roof, windows, garden, handrails and anything else we can. We need to have this place fixed up, so that when we find your son he will have a nice place to stay."
Julia's smile grew so broad her face hurt. She could fix a few things, she was always good with her hands but she was no handywoman. She had been living in this drafty house with only the fireplace for heat and light, so she hadn't noticed all the other things that needed fixing. Tears started coming and she fought to keep them back. She said, "The power company should be here in an hour."
Then an old man stepped up onto the porch and Julia laughed, it was Jerry. She threw her arms around him and said, "What are you doing here Jerry?"
Jerry said, "Did I tell you that I owned a building company? No, I don't think we ever got around to talking about that." Jerry paused and looked around then added, "Anna was right; you sure are a special girl."
Julia hugged him like the grandpa she never had. Then she stepped back and Jerry said, "Now these nice people are going to start fixing the obvious things. They're just going to get started. But you and I are going to walk this house, inside and out– top to bottom and make a list. We'll get a lot done today and everything else will be finished as soon as possible. Is that all right with you?"
Julia nodded, unable to speak. Jerry turned and smiled and the rest of the people with him fanned out around the house and got to work.
Jerry walked inside the house. A new TV sat in the foyer unopened and Jerry made a note on his list, He said, "Buy wall mount and install TV."
Julia was a little embarrassed. The place was a mess. Bags of trash were stacked near the back door. She didn't have a trashcan yet, nor a dresser. She had folded her clean clothes but they were lying on the floor not far from the pile of dirty clothes in the corner of her bedroom. There was no place for her few belongings.
Jerry missed nothing as he whispered to himself, "Bookshelf, dresser," he glanced at Julia and asked," is golden oak okay? I think it will go great with the overall look of the cabin." Julia couldn't open her mouth so she just nodded and Jerry continued, "Sofa and loveseat; drapes, shower curtain." When they arrived in her bedroom, he saw that she had somehow drug a new mattress into the living room but the rest of the bed lay in pieces on her floor. He quickly added, "Assemble bed."
Jerry saw everything. He thought of things she never even heard of and then they went outside.
Although spring hadn't fully arrived, the property had a lot of overgrowth. They cut the grass, Sealed and repaired the windows and the power company arrived with her meter. Suddenly she had lights and heat.
Jerry tore his list into five sections and sent people out to buy the needed items as others continued checking the electrical wiring, HVAC, the roof and prepared the garden for flowers. They even converted the space next to the garage into a small green house complete with an automated irrigations system, emergency headlamps and a robot owl that flapped its wings and hooted with glowing eyes when something moved in front of it.
Julia giggled like a little girl as the owl swung from the corner of the greenhouse. The young man installing it said, "It's the pest deterrent system." Then as she left, they began planting vegetable seeds.
When she finished answering Jerry's questions about her house they walked around to the front porch. The sheriff showed her the front door with its new knob and trim. Julia made a show of opening and closing the door, stepping inside, shutting the door and locking it and then opening it again.
The sheriff crossed his arms, rolled his eyes and then put his hand on the shoulder of another man that had just arrived. The sheriff said, "Julia, now that you have thoroughly tested the front door and have found it to be operational, I'd like to introduce you to detective Singer."
Detective Singer looked to be in his late 30s. He wore a long brown trench coat and she saw one of the new smart watches, with a large digital screen, wrapped around his left wrist. She had seen others like it in the store. It made him look like a caricature of Dick Tracy. His tall form straightened when Julia looked him in the eyes. He said, "It's an honor to meet you Julia. I reviewed the video footage of your actions against the robbers. Where did you learn those skills?"
"I was in the Air Force."
The detective looked at the sheriff and then back down at Julia. He said, "I remember you saying that in your interview but I don't think the Air force teaches aerial combat techniques like that."
Julia laughed. She said, "No, not like that they don't. What they did teach me about aerial combat is classified but, as I'm sure you know, they do teach us how to kick ass and take guns away from bad guys."
The detective glanced at the sheriff then back down at Julia. "I understand that you were injured in the war. Can you tell me more about that?"
Julia shook her head, "Why are you here detective? I'm not sure you have the kind of clearance for those kinds of answers."
"But you were injured in the war. You said you are an officer in the Air Force but the Air Force has no record of you. I checked into your background. You went to the local High school, worked at a few restaurants and got married young. I've seen your son's birth certificate but then you disappeared a little over four years ago. Child Support received several payments but it looks like their data base doesn't show where the money came from."
"I went to the Air Force recruitment office, the same one I joined years ago but they also told me I had no records. They also said that my team and commanding officers have all gone missing. I think they would have arrested me, for what I don't know, if I were still in the Air Force a few days ago. So, yes, if you want to do an investigation on me, go for it! I'd love to find out what you discover."
Detective singer chewed on something unseen and glanced at the sheriff then said, "We can talk about this in a more private place."
Only the three of them were standing on the porch. She said, "It's okay– just tell me." 
The detectives eyes softened and he said, "Andrew filed a missing person's report. Andrew is your, boyfriend, is that correct?"
Julia looked toward the front door. She didn't want a boyfriend but it did seem that Andrew had found a way into that title. She smiled and said, "Yes."
Detective Singer nodded and continued, "From all your calls, I can only think that you are a mother desperately wanting to find your child. The bank told us that your account, as of yesterday morning had been empty. I looked into your ex–husband's DMV records and months ago, 9 months ago to be precise; the car was due a tag renewal. The foreclosure on this house happened around that same time and all the furnishings donated to goodwill but the car," the detective shook his head and looked toward the woods. He inhaled deeply, "They found the car abandoned and empty on the side of the road leading out of town going toward Atlanta."
Julia suddenly felt lightheaded.

The car was empty…

She felt someone's arm around her as tears begin to well up in her eyes. The world could have ended and she wouldn't care because her world had ended. Getting her house back, her new car, nothing mattered anymore.
Someone was hugging her, someone was whispering, “It'll be all right Julia,” but it wouldn't be all right.

Nothing will ever be right!

And just as she began to slip into the darkest places her mind could create the presence approached her. The feeling was soothing. It caressed her and then filled her vision with soothing colors but she was ready to scream. She was ready to run through the house and break everything. The very one she had sacrificed everything for was gone. She had lied, stolen, killed and leveled entire buildings for reasons that were higher than she could understand but what she could understand is that her son would be safe at home until she could come back to him.

“Leet yoUr harRt resst oon wngs thAt fly iN the suUn MY daRrrling. Youoo will see yoUur sOn agaon.” Then the presence receded.

Julia inhaled deeply. This was hope. She didn't know how it could be. She didn't know why she should believe this but she did believe it. Suddenly the sounds of the people working on her house returned to her. The sheriff and detective were waiting silently. She wiped away the tears from her eyes, looked up into detective Singer's eyes, and said, "But, yall didn't find any bodies?"
Detective Singer shook his head slowly. "No bodies were ever located. I checked his cell phone records and found all electronic information about him went blank around the same time. It's not as if Rand didn't exist but rather it's as if he and your son just vanished."
Then a humming sound began growing and everyone looked up towards the trees to the right of the house. Julia could feel the hairs on her arms rising. The detective, sheriff and she walked over to the edge of the porch and looked up. The trees were swaying as if a big wind had just passed. Everyone around the house was looking at the same place in the sky. Fluffy clouds drifted by slowly but the humming changed pitch and the trees began swaying wildly.
Julia searched the sky for storm clouds but it was a beautiful day and all but this part of the forest was still.
Something has to be there, Julia thought as the humming began to go quiet and the tree's motion returned to normal.
"What the hell was that?" Julia said aloud but no one answered.
That very moment the ground began shaking, more violently than ever before and Julia felt a different kind of humming. The voice grew inside her again and then the shaking stopped. Itsaid,

Wee R oUt off tIme. Tee HuntOr is heRe! Julia's heart began racing but the voice passed. 

"That damn mining company is up to no good," A familiar voice said from inside the open window next to Julia, "I have a bad feeling about this."
Julia looked over at the window and said, "Frank! I didn't see you come with the rest of the people."
Jerry poked his head through the next window over and said, "He's always late."
Julia, Frank and Jerry all looked back up at the sky. She was sure they were all thinking the same thing. Nothing in the sky had changed but she had been in enough LZs to know when something overhead was about to land.
Did the Air Force or someone else have a total camouflage system she didn't know about? She had seen the latest technology, had used nearly all of the available systems and they were nearly undetectable at 1000 feet or greater but this thing, this thing felt like it was hovering only feet above the trees and it was perfectly invisible.
She wished she had been mindful enough to fly up there and touch the space where something should have been but she was too startled.
The detective turned slowly toward Julia and asked, "What happened to your family?"
Julia looked away from the treetops and at the detective. Her mind spun as she tried to keep up with all that was happening. Everything was flying out of control again and at the same time, her life seemed like it was finally coming together. But now the sudden memory of her parents felt like a kick in the stomach.
Julia sat on the porch rail and took a deep breath then released it. The detective waited a moment then said, "Let me take you to lunch. Have you eaten today?"
Julia pursed her lips and silently shook her head.
Jerry said, "That is a good idea."
Frank added, "We need some time to work without all her distractions."
Julia looked at the two old men and scowled. Frank stuck out his tongue and Jerry nodded. Jerry said, "You should also go shopping. It's good therapy and it will buy us the time we need so we can surprise you."
Jerry took off his hat and then removed Frank's big sunglasses and handed them to Julia. Frank started to protest but stopped. Jerry said, "It's a disguise."
Julia took the hat and glasses, put them on and then thanked the two old men. Jerry said, "You need any money dear?"
Julia laughed and said, "I could use a few hundred grand, but I think I will be fine with what I have for now."
The detective said, "Follow me. I'll take you somewhere we can talk alone without anyone hunting you down."
Julia paused, blinked and then went inside, threw on some new clothes and then followed the detective. The windows on her new SUV held a dark tent but she also lowered the visors to help conceal her appearance. As they approached the mail box, she noticed that the crowd lined up along the road had thinned a lot but there were still dozens of people holding up signs that said, "We love you Julia, " And "God bless the Smokey Mt. Angel."
She was glad the police were still parked at the edge of her property. Most of these people seemed sweet but there were always going to be a nut or two in the crowd.
The police removed the barricade, the detective pulled onto the road and Julia followed. The people all waved at her but none seemed to recognize her in the SUV. She guessed that they were all expecting her to be flying not driving.
The detective took her to a restaurant overlooking the river in Gatlinburg. They sat in the back of the restaurant and after giving the server her order Julia said, "My parents died in a car accident when I was a little girl. I lived with my uncle until I graduated from High school."
The detective asked, "Where is your uncle now?"
"He died," Julia said softly. She squinted then relaxed her face and continued, "Then I moved in with a friend, got married not long after that, joined the Air Force and here we are."
The detective said, "That story matches my records. What doesn't make any sense is your service record. I visited the Air Force office before coming down here today." He paused as if he were trying to put his thought in to the correct words. Then he continued, "When I asked about you– the officer on duty turned white. He said that he didn't have any records of you on file."
Julia started rising in her chair and the detective looked around the room to see if anyone could see her. Julia noticed what he was doing; saw herself hovering and then she lowered herself back into her seat. She said, "If I could tell you things, things only a highly trained special operator would know, I would. But–"
"But I don't have clearance," The detective finished for her. He went on, "I believe you, so now that the prime suspect has been eliminated or at least taken down on the list, I can focus on... Actually I have nothing."
Julia started to speak but the detective said, "I've only been on this case for a few days when it became High priority–."
Julia smiled, "When I gave that interview."
"Yes, when you flew down from the mountains and gave that interview my lieutenant reassigned my other cases leaving me only you. However, you were our only lead but now I see that something bigger is going on here."

Chapter 21
Julia went to the mall and bought new clothes, better makeup, a robot vacuum and kitchenware. She kept the hat and glasses on everywhere she went, attracting odd looks but no one noticed who she was behind the disguise.
On the way home, her phone rang. She looked at the caller ID and answered, "Hi Andrew."
Andrew said, "High my fly girl. You doing okay?"
"I'm great. A detective came by today and we talked about my son but so far they have nothing. You want to come by tonight?"
"I'd love to, but I'm still at work and I have to finish a project for school. Why don't you come and see me. I'll cook you that overstuffed omelet you love so much."
"You know the way into a girl's heart."
"I'm also cleaner than you are."
"Hey, don't get cocky! I've been trained to be neat and organized."
"Right, and you're a trained killer who can fly... I can believe that part but I've seen your sleeping quarters."
"Not fair. I could barely move and–"
Andrew laughed and said, "Relax baby. I'll keep things clean for us."
Julia scoffed, "You just worry about finishing that college degree of yours for now and I'll take care of keeping the living room in order."
"Ha, didn't take you to be the stay at home type."
"I'm not and I'll come by tomorrow night. Just don't tell anyone I'm coming."
"Don't worry, no one here wants to work that much in one day again for a long time."
"So, you're on your way home now?"
"Yes my sweet man, I'll call you later. Goodnight."
"Night," he said and the phone clicked off.
Julia turned down her road. The crowd of spectators had thinned a lot more but now there were balloons tacked to her mailbox and smoke was rising off her property.
The police moved calmly as they removed the barrier and let her pass. She stopped for a moment and thanked the officers for watching her home then continued down the driveway.
Julia felt better when she realized that her house wasn't on fire; the smoke was coming from the chimney. It was starting to get dark and all the lights were on in her house giving it a warm feel. She loved her little log cabin and decided to rent Rand an apartment when she found him. This was her dream home not his.
When she pulled up to the front porch Andrew, Jerry and Frank said, "Surprise!"
"Andrew!" Julia said but she just shook her head. They were all smiles as they opened her car door and took the items she had bought inside the house.
She pretended to be angry as she punched Andrew in the arm, "What about your lame excuse for not seeing me tonight. I thought you had to study all night and work?"
Andrew laughed, "Just learning from the best babe. You've given me some real doozies." He wobbled his head as he pitched his voice higher and said, "Oh sorry I didn't call you, I ran into something."
Jerry interrupted, he said, "Now Andrew, I'm not trying to steal your girl, so don't take this the wrong way." Andrew chuckled then Jerry took Julia by the hand and began showing her around the front of the house. It was starting to get dark but the lights from the front porch were bright enough that she could see all the details Jerry pointed out.
Julia held back tears as she said, ""You guys replaced the broken swing on the front porch! The whole house is transformed."
"We're not done yet," Andrew said, as he took her free hand and pulled her to the back yard.
"A white picket fence!" Julia shouted, "And all the shutters are mended and painted."
The sound of several people speaking in a hushed tone came from a large tent near the edge of the back yard. "Never mind that for now," Jerry commanded.
Andrew guided her to the rear of the property. Multicolored LED lights turned on automatically when she approached the greenhouse and the owl hooted. Julia laughed again. A fresh stack of cut wood lay partially uncovered next to the greenhouse.
Frank said, "Andrew cut every piece of wood stacked over there and he told us about the well." He walked her over to the well and pointed to the new electric pump, "I saw the repair you did, not bad especially considering the state of mind you were in at the time but I think this will be easier." He pressed a button on the side of the stainless steel wellhead and a humming and then gurgling noise began. Seconds later a steady stream of fresh water poured into a plastic bottle. When the water had filled the bottle, Frank released the button, capped the bottle and said, "You can use the lever if the power goes out too. So what ya think about that?"
Julia just hugged him. She was at a loss for words.
Jerry took her up the back porch and she noticed that they replaced the door. Jerry looked at the doorknob and said, "I think this repair is more suited for a person like you. You're going to have a harder time breaking in this door." He tapped on the door and a thick metal sound reported.
Julia smiled, "Yeah gotta make sure I don't lose those keys."
Jerry opened the door and Julia followed him to her son's room. Andrew smoothed out the last wrinkle in the comforter and stepped to the side, so she could see the whole room. Tears of joy started flowing. Dozens of new toys and a new bunk bed with a slide filled her son's room.
Andrew walked over to a blue bookshelf that looked like a small house with a red roof and he opened the doors. Children's books filled the shelves. He said, "Most of these stories are exciting some even tragic but I checked every one of them and guess what I found. They all end happily ever after." Then he walked to Julia. Her hands covered her face and tears dripped between her fingers. He wrapped his arms around her then whispered, "We will find your little boy."
Julia put her arms around him and rested her head on his chest as she looked at the books. The room was silent for a long moment and then she stopped, wiped her face dry and said, "Yes we will."
Minutes later, they stepped onto the back porch. The smell of country cooking was in the air. The walls around the tent were gone and everyone that had been working on the house was waiting around a long picnic table. Betty lit the candles and Julia laughed aloud when she saw Barney drop a match into the fire pit and it whooshed into a blaze!
Julia said, "I don't know how I will ever repay you guys."
Frank handed Julia a glass of white wine and raised his glass. He said, "Here's to a real hero. May all our boys and girls come home from the war as noble a soul as she; to Julia!"
"To Julia!" the group of people said as one then they waited in silence.
Julia said, "I'm not good with speeches. I've never been this emotional my whole life. Since I was a little girl, I've always had to be tough. From a young age, I was taught to rely on myself. It was a great lesson given to me by a wonderful man." Julia looked at Jerry and said, "But from the moment I stepped off that bus strangers have welcomed me home and shown me love," she paused, "I've still had to be tough but thanks to you and everyone that was simply kind to someone in need, I have hope again."
Jerry hugged her and took her to sit next to Anna and Andrew. Dinner was already cooked and the table set. Jerry dipped his head and everyone did the same. Then Frank said the blessing and everyone started eating.

Chapter 22
Julia kept eating and more wine, beer and soda pored as dinner went on late into the evening. Andrew couldn't believe how much she was able to consume but he kept the hamburgers and stakes sizzling on the new grill.
Frank had started talking about the war, UFOs and "That damn Mining Company," but Jerry gave him the evil eye and the conversation turned to movies, music and wine…The heat from the pit fire kept everyone warm as the cool night air started to seep in.
Barney drove his truck to the rear of the house and turned up the radio. Jerry and Anna were the first to dance and then Barney took Betty by the hand and soon everyone with a partner was dancing in the back yard.
After Julia and Andrew had danced a few times, Frank and then Jerry asked her for a turn and then she had to dance with every other man brave enough to ask. The party continued until the food and drinks ran out, and it was too cold for all but Julia to venture away from the fire.
Then, one by one, the people who had helped repair more than her home started to go home. Julia thanked each person for all their help with the house again and soon they all left. When the house was empty, doors locked and the lights were off she and Andrew disappeared into the bedroom. An hour later Andrew was asleep and she went into the bathroom, she filled the tub with steaming water, lowered herself in, closed her eyes and relaxed...
Disturbing dreams came and then went. She saw moments from the party, dreams about being people in another world, even times of intense sorrow when she was in the hospital. In one dream she was crippled again, walking down the side of the main road as cars filled with giant lizards watched her every move…
Then she felt something rumbling. Her eyes opened and she realized that the rumbling was coming from inside her.
"Who are you? Who is the hunter?" she cried out in desperation, "Where is my son?"
Then the water began to vibrate as the mountain in the distance shook. In a deep gargled voice, clearer than before but still distorted she heard, 
Fly too Ta moUntain, I aM wAiting.

Julia saw a mental image of the mountain; it was the one that the mining company had been digging in all this time.
Julia closed her eyes and saw the mountain in perfect detail. The rumbling inside her stopped, her heartbeat slowed and she lay back in the tub and fell asleep.
She felt numb as she put on a nightgown and flew out the back door, over the house and through the trees, past the sleeping town and into the mountains. When she thought about what she was doing, she felt strange, as if she had taken the last of her pain medicine along with all the wine she had drank tonight; but she hadn't taken any medicine.
The humming from within became a song, something a mother from long ago might sing to its children to keep them calm. As she flew, the sound became clear but she still didn't think to question the oddity. There were no words. It was as if a thousand monks were chanting in unison. She understood the meaning, it felt like "Come to me child, trust and obey, let your worries melt away, the sun will shine today," and then the melody would repeat but the exact words were just outside the edge of her mind.
She began to recognize the details of the mountain road as if glowing in the dark. She was coming closer to something. The answers were here. The connection to this mountain, to what was inside this mountain burned in her heart.
She felt like she was on autopilot; something guided her. She flew over the mining office and suddenly her body rolled to the right just as the report from a gunshot rang in her ear! She heard the buzz of the bullet passing not far from her and she began stirring from her drowsiness.
A spotlight appeared but its beam passed over empty space. She was moving like a player on a chessboard–pulled this way and turned that way around to the back of the mountain. She could hear a voice calling in the night; he was searching for someone to help him look for something strange in the sky…
Julia's mind lost focus as the whole world shimmered and then she saw a glowing red plume of steam. The whole mountain seemed to be glowing red, yellow and green, as if something powerful radiated from the inside causing the trees on the mountain to sway in its presence.
She was still far away, but she smelled something like cooked cinnamon mixed with rich pine. There were other scents, unlike anything she had ever smelled before, and all the smells were coming from the shaft.
She dropped into the shaft.
The tunnel was just large enough for her small body to fit. As she descended into the tunnel it split into several branches but the invisible presence that guided her directed her every move and deeper in to the maze she sank. As she passed the openings of the other tunnels, she could hear people talking, electric motors humming and the smell of food and damp rock passed by her but the presence was single–minded.
Then, suddenly the tunnel ended and she dropped from the ceiling into a large cavern and all of her attention gathered upon the center of the floor. She saw a very, very large ship, the size of a small oil tanker and it was shaped like a huge black wedge with multiple angles pointing toward its nose. It was the same ship from her dreams and many visions.
Her heart began to race.
She couldn't take her eyes off the dream that had come to life. Part of her mind felt like it was still asleep but she noticed that the nose and right wing of the ship had deep gashes.
As she circled around the ship, she saw a blue light fanning out from two large open doors at the rear of the ship. The light hummed and folded as it enveloped something... The light had the quality of crumpling paper but its surface rippled like water with each movement then froze in place. Then her eyes adjusted and she saw what was causing the movement. The light enveloped something huge and it had just moved again.
A long section of the light, farthest away from the ship, rose into the air and then slammed into the ground. The action looked so powerful that she thought the earth might split open and everything fall inside but the field of blue energy absorbed its impact and the whole mountain shook.
Julia began moving again. She lowered to the ground and as her eyes adjusted to the light, she saw an enormous head lifting– straining against the field of blue energy that fought against its every movement. The ground vibrated and the blue light crumpled then smoothed out.
Corded neck and shoulder muscles strained against the blue light as a huge face looked her in the eyes and blinked. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. The creature that had been guiding her was a huge orange and green dragon.
Then the song in her mind stopped and she realized that she was not asleep. She really was awake staring at a real dragon caged inside this blue light. She whispered, "There is a dragon under the mountain."
In the distance, she was barely aware that an alarm had gone off. Lights were flashing from emergency exits and a man was running towards her.
She fixed her attention on the dragon. His presence, face to face, still felt compassionate and very intelligent.
The dragon looked at her for a long moment. He was beautiful and so huge. His head looked like it was the size of her house. He wore a crown of long horns and smaller ones ran the length of his spine. His gem–like scales flashed as electricity arced between them sending shards of sparkling light reflecting in their facets. His wings were folded tightly against his body and then she glanced inside the rear of the downed spacecraft and wondered how he could fit inside it.
Then, in a very clear voice coming from within her stomach she heard, 
T'wZs veRy paNful. My naMe is RalljhoullDagussunFananLagosands. YoU cAn cAll me Light Rator.

Julia saw his words and their meaning in her mind. She said, "Hi Light Reader," and she bowed deeply." She wondered why she had had the urge to bow to a dragon, but at the same time, she felt like she was standing before royalty. She started to give him her name but then stopped. He knew everything there was to know about her.
Images flooded her mind. Light Reader said,
Ts tiMe yoU sEe whO Iam.

A world, like Earth yet much larger appeared all around her. As if flying from high in the sky, she saw cities that blended with the forest, some merged with the mountains, while others seemed to be half outside and part inside the rivers and oceans. Everything was on a scale several times larger than Earth. Creatures from fairy tales moved upon the surface and populated those towns and cities. Humans, dragons, sea creatures, elves, hybrids, dinosaurs, as well as many others were coming and going and she could not imagine how they coexisted peacefully.
Light Reader landed on a hill in the shade of an enormous tree. Flashes from earlier dreams came but the big tree felt like it wasn't in the right place... She thought,
This has to be the largest tree in all existence.

The huge tree sat upon a mountain. It looked majestic as clouds caressed its canopy and drifted through its limbs. The mountain buzzed with activity as all manner of spacecraft, sleek airplanes, ships, dragons of every type and color, intelligent animals and other creatures made of light came and went from its many openings. Huge roots extended from the tree's base and rippled in and out of the mountain, down into the valley; and as Julia looked around the valley, she saw how the Tree had pushed hills and redirected distant rivers. Its power and beauty dominated all the land.
Light Reader announced, 
This Is The GReat TRee, but she felt his anxiety over this tree and she wondered…

She ignored all this and said,
Magical creatures exist.

Light Reader remembered all the creatures he had just shown her and she felt him chuckle, 
TheR Tis No sUch ting aS maGic. Tat which Tis frSt Cause qUickens all thngs aNd thRU that poWer all things R pOssOble.

Then he paused and she felt him searching her memories, deeper than she had ever felt him before. He said, 
Yas, theSe cReatUres do seem maGicaL tOo yoU. Is NorMal in thir home dImension. LiFe iS more aDapTable tAn yoU realize–but, TechNologies made aBomiNations.

Then Julia heard weapons fire, explosions, the earth quaked as if mountains had just split and all of it was coming from his mind. Light Reader pushed the memory back and said,
Yes, maGical cReatures eXist. MOst could nOt sIrvive anywhR elSe buT on TOL.

The vision shifted.
They were under the mountain that the Great Tree lived upon. Light Reader walked through a gigantic hallway on tiles made of gold and silver that, from the air, formed a mosaic of worlds orbiting a shining tree. Green pillars made from the Tree's descending roots were bathed in glowing smoke. The huge columns held the mountain's weight and lit the walkway. The room was large enough for him to fly through if he wanted to but he considered this place sacred ground and he believed that all should take their time when traversing these hallways.
He turned a corner and at the end of the hall stood an opening that shined like the sun. Light Reader lowered his head and entered a crystal room. Water poured from openings in the walls and formed streams that fed a garden at its center.
On a bed made of scented air lay a beautiful Green Dragon. She looked like emeralds come to life when she recognized Light Reader and turned to greet him.
There was a long pause and to Julia Light Reader said,
I waS bOrn in the tIme of the TechnoDRaGons. This was wHen DraGons weRe the caRetakeRs of the GReat Tree. The Tree that shelteRs and coNnects aLL life and throughout all its layers.

Who was that? Julia asked.

Light Reader said, 
She is whAt yoU woUld cAll Our–PrEsident, my queen and FiRst WiFe.

Then the vision shifted before Julia could ask more questions. Light Reader was much smaller now. He flew throughout the world by day, as all little dragons did at that age, but at night he studied under the long readers, the AI that balanced the powers between TOL's species. Light Reader said, 
WhN I tws a chiLd, ARound 90 EaRth yeARs oLd, I LeARned fRom thiNking mAchiNes. The DRAgons weRe the balANce to technology. MAny fouNd it wIse foR us to uNdeRstand them, Read them And repAiR them; aNd, oNe dAy, defOnd them if Need be. But, some thiNgs shouLd Not be bAlAnced."

The vision shifted again.
Light Reader looked fully–grown now and at the peak of his power. He was in a cave deep inside the mountain under the Great Tree. She saw the gigantic roots again. They twisted in and out the cave walls. Light Reader stared at two magical looking objects hovering side by side. They were identical. Both were made of glowing spheres with two large diamonds of equal diameter locked, as if frozen in orbit, directly above and below each sphere.

Light Reader said to Julia, 
The ALLgrul MAsteRs.

Then an explosion shook the mountain! Light Reader closed his eyes. Julia wasn't sure, but from the images she saw, she felt that he was trying to teleport out of the cave and he was surprised that nothing was happening.
Then the ceiling fell upon him. Sharp rocks, boulders twice his size crushed and encased him.
Then there was darkness and dreams. Without the help of sunlight and only the moisture locked inside the rocks it took eons for his body to slowly heal.
Light Reader awoke.
He tested each muscle but when he pulled on his right wing, the pain felt like a sword had slid between his scales and cut every tendon and ligament. The cave–in hadn't cracked his scales but the crushing weight of the mountain had shattered several smaller bones in his back, fractured both legs; his tail felt like it was turned the wrong way and it had damaged his vital organs. His bones and some organs had healed but they had been re–broken or crushed several times. When he tried to move, the feeling, real or imagined, felt like the huge rocks pressing down on him were slicing through his lower back. The pain flashed white in his mind blinding him to all other thoughts. The slightest movement was enough to sap all his energy. After several efforts at freeing himself, he gave up. He needed to heal some more and then make a choice.
He had heard of other dragons surviving worse injuries but they were never trapped deep inside a cave without any water or sunlight; and he had a growing feeling that no one was coming to help.
As time went on his bones would heal but from moment to moment the mountain would shift again and the rocks would reopen healing wounds. He would never escape if he didn't do something.
Then one day or night, time had been lost long ago, he awoke with enough energy to think clearly. He could use this power to call out,
PeRhAps someOne will heAr me.

He sought the minds of his relatives, his wife or children anyone that spoke the old tong but what his consciousness touched felt strange. Only the very young had survived the Great War and they were empty of all things technical. Never the less, without the aid of an AI, it would take a lot of time to learn the new languages of those who had survived, 
And eVen then woUld thEy cOme?

With all his strength, he dug himself out of the rubble and pulled his broken form to the open side of the cave. It had taken thousands of years to build up enough strength to move that far but he had spent it all and there still wasn't any water or sunlight to replenish his body's most basic needs.
When he could open his eyes, he looked up and before passing out again; he noticed that there were holes in the mountain where The Tree's large roots used to be.
His dreams turned to sadness until one day he awoke. He still didn't have enough energy to move but his mind was clear and as he lay upon the stone floor of the cave, sealed off from all physical contact, he projected his mind into the world around him but all he heard were screams. Other creatures were trapped in the caves above and then he started hearing digging.
Then he wept until he slept again. In his sadness, 100 years passed like a day. The digging drew closer. After the passage of more time than he could recall, he was awakened to a new kind of pain. The pain felt intent, sawing and digging, searching and probing for… where it hurt him most!
His eyes shot open!
A claw twisted between bent bones and pierced his skin. He tried to defend himself but he could barely lift his left wing.
Then fire exploded in the blackness and Light Reader's eyes felt pain like none other. In the flash of light, before his vision burned, he saw the image of a Red Dragon. The dragon was much smaller the he, a youngling perhaps 2 or 3 generations separated from him.
With a sharp tipped claw, the creature dug deeper into his flesh and Light Reader gasped. He reached out to his attacker and touched his mind but rage and revenge filled the Red Dragon's heart. He was old compared to the other mind's he had felt earlier and this being was very strong. Through his mind, he gleamed that the dragon that held him down had recently eaten from the Great Tree, lived in the sun and drank from the rivers.
Then the pain stopped. Hours, or was it days, passed with only the sounds of many clawed toes scraping rocks as they descended and ascended the cave tunnels. Every time he began to recover his strength, he would open his mind and call for help but many dragons surrounded him, blocking him, mocking his weakness. The bloodletting had become a ritual. They hissed and repeated slogans, as they paced around him barking about the new glory of the Red Dragon Clan. One chanted, "Through your loss we grow, your pain makes us strong. The power of this decaying life will take us to the supreme garden." Then all would repeat, "The supreme garden is meant for the superior."
The dragons around him, of all shapes and sizes, waited for their leader, the Red Dragon, to command them; and then came the biting. They drank his blood and moaned at the power of his ancient body, which had fought the crushing pressure from a mountain that had longs since crumbled in on itself. He was both an object of worship, something powerful that they could become like and disgust for his present weakness.
Then the madness went on and on. Sometimes a paw full of water would trickle into his mouth and he would feel his body rejuvenate, lost blood and broken bones would heal but before he could so much as sigh in relief, sharp claws pealed back his unbreakable scales and find his exposed and broken skin. Then they bit, chewed and drank until one day the Red Dragon cleared the cave of all but the two of them. He lifted Light Reader's head, cupping his jaw in his paw as he spoke in a whisper and with only enough mental energy so that only he could hear. He said, "For a long time now, I've watched your dreams. I know who you are, Light Reader, The last Lord of the TechnoDragons. Did you know that the story of the Great War begins with you? Everyone thinks your kind is gone now."
Then the Red Dragon brought to him a badly damaged crystal. Light Reader knew exactly what he was looking at, an ALLgrul Master. It was the last bridge of powers.
Light Reader touched the crystal with his thoughts and unlocked the encryption. He had missed seeing the crystal all this time. After the cave collapsed the power source had reverted to the lowest possible setting by default. Too weak for him to hear. Because the link between the twin crystals couldn't be broken by any distance or time, he instantly knew where this machine's twin was. It was in a dark room surrounded by primitive computers on a spaceship that was very far away. Someone had taken the twin crystal long ago but the encryption on that half of the machine was still intact. Someone, using the other crystal had tried to access the historical records of time and space. They were looking for the library of technologies collected from civilizations spread throughout all dimensions. This machine held all the collective wisdom created on TOL and he had been its caretaker.
Light Reader called to the AI that controlled the crystals, an old friend he had debated with for thousands of years, but the AI was disabled or broken. With the AI he could call for help, amplify his thoughts and simply teleport out of the cave but the Crystal did not activate any further at his command. It was stuck in a reboot cycle. He wasn't sure if this was good or bad or if everything he had fought and killed for was now in the hands of some being from the lower dimensions of time and space. If the AI was gone then the Omega Protocol had worked. The balance of power would be totally on one side. No intelligent system would be operating but without time to analyze the crystal, he couldn't know what had happened or if anything in the database was recoverable.
There were no greater technologies in the local multiverse than what had been discovered and recorded in this database. Anyone with that knowledge would have godlike power over history, time and space. It could transform worlds classified as barren rocks or bloated gas giants and shift them into habitable zones. He had repositioned suns with it before. It could stabilize or destabilize the centers of galaxies, reorient galactic structures and bridge the Multi–Universe. There was nothing more powerful than it in all existence, but for the Tree Of Life itself.
Light Reader closed his mind and retreated deep within. The Red Dragon had heard some of his thoughts, the ones that Light Reader had allowed and the idea that the crystal was damaged beyond repair had been firmly planted in the Red Dragon's mind.
"If this is broken then you are no use to me," said the Red Dragon in disgust. Then he called to his clan of misfit dragons and together they brought Light Reader to the edge of death again and again but he would not break or call out for help anymore. Either he would die or one day escape and rebuild his old home after cleaning out the remains of his tormentors.
One night, in what felt like an endless hell, he tried to escape but a blue light enveloped him. The light was cold and it weakened him further. The foreign energy immobilized and pulled him into a ship… He tried to reach out with his mind but the energy shield around him oscillated until it matched the frequency of every vibration he produced. His thought patterns jumbled and as he tried to press through the blue wall surrounding him and speak to anyone close enough to hear him the images turned to static.
The ship lifted into the air. Explosions shook the cabin and with all his energy, Light Reader called out. The summons pierced the veil of blue energy and the Electric Dragons immediately responded. Through the tiny hole he had ripped through his prison, he had also received a picture of his world. The Electric Dragons were battling several black ships and one of their brothers had fallen into the sea. A very large ship, 1000 times bigger than the one he was being held captive in hovered above, as dozens of smaller ships engaged the Yellow Dragons in aerial warfare. The Yellow Dragons had just destroyed one of the smaller ships and they were starting to converge on the ship Light Reader was in when suddenly the space around the Mother Ship and all the smaller ships shimmered.
One second they were hovering above TOL and the next they were floating over a Gas Giant with a great red eye. A sense of vertigo spread throughout Light Reader's body even as the blue light held him to the deck.
A voice, the same one that he heard talking into the lost ALLgrul Crystal spoke calm and sure. He said, "Prepare for another U Jump then bring the dragon technician to me."
Space folded again but when they reemerged, they were above the Earth.
For two heartbeats, there was silence. Then a passageway, a tiny sphere of energy he had only seen produced by the ALLgrul Masters, passed like lightning through the ship. The surge of power dampened the field of energy that held him. The light faded for a moment and he could turn his head without the immense pressure from the blue light forcing him to stay still. He saw that the malfunctioning ALLgrul Master from his cave sat behind him, next to the power generator that made his prison. The lightening moved as if it were a thin ray of light but as long as infinity ripping haphazardly through the barrier of this universe. 
Just as Light Reader thought, 
The crystal attracted the lightning, it passed through Light Reader. He felt a new connection as the light terminated inside a girl (you Julia) standing next to the most advanced computer on the world below him.
Then the ship crashed into the Earth. The Pilot ejected in a smaller scout ship and disappeared.
Julia blinked and the visions cleared. The flashing emergency lights reflecting off the cave walls snapped her back to the present moment and she looked at the oncoming soldier. He was still far away. The vision had brought her through thousands of Light Reader's years in only seconds.
Julia asked, 
How is it I can understand you better? What happened to me? Did the Hunter take my son?!

Light Reader was slow to answer. He seemed to be looking past her as he said, 
The link between us is very close and my prison is now very weak, so for now I may speak to you in a way you can clearly understand. I spent a lot of time thinking about your other question. I've been thinking about you all year. What I know is this; we are united through the machine that caused this," he glanced at the spaceship, "to appear in a universe that its master didn't intend to go, the ALLgrul Masters are no longer on TOL and I'm on a very primitive world."
Julia recalled that the same lightning that had hit her had also struck the spherical crystal still sitting in the spaceship's cargo bay. The idea of that so much knowledge and potential power sat within eyesight made her worry.
Light Reader continued, 
Do not worry. Those who would use this for harm are still unaware of what it is and I am almost free. Fear will not do us any good. However, awareness of the danger is important because the destiny of the multiverse is at stake and you are now the conduit it has chosen to take… You are quite literally a part of the problem and you and those like you are the answer. Nevertheless, the ALLgrul Crystals didn't create this fracture in the dimensions its predecessor did.

Julia asked, 
How can so much rest on one person?

There are as many versions of the multiverse as there are conscious observers multiplied by the choices made by every one of their individual types. All possible versions collapsed to one path when one of your types created Aughra. He entangled everything. You and others like you are the branch of consciousness that Aughra is taking through the multiuniverse. Your type is its rout; you are the grounding force, the path of least resistance that the entangled energy is passing through. You are the Fractal that led to my world's existence in this multi–universe.

Julia shook her head as more images came and went in her mind. She remembered the young boy, Louis, trying to save his world from zombies. Her thoughts shifted to another dream and she saw a Scientist crating a machine that bridged all dimensions and had switched millions of people from one version of Earth to another, slightly different versions of Earth. Then two names, two powerful names flashed in her mind, Joshua and Sapen. She had seen these visions before in her dreams. The timelines were not in order. The things she saw happened but it all happened at the same time and it was still happening... Her mind boggled at the notion. 

Yet, can my next choice change it all?

Light Reader said
Although each choice leads to the nexus's of destiny rarely does one choice have such power. Usually a billion little choices create the path. It's an attitude of choices that steers the future.

She didn't know how this could be but she knew that on some level it was true. Then she said, 
But these people are all men in my dreams. Louis, John Arora, Joshua… I am a woman! How am I related to–them? How is it that I am them and they are me? She paused and Light Reader watched her thoughts. Her mind went to Jerry and Anna, Joshua and his wife, Louis and his girlfriend and then her mind settled on Andrew. She said, I have seen others from my world that are living in the other worlds with the other–Me(s) but like me they're different. What's going on?

Light Reader struggled for a moment to project his thought through the energy field. He took a deep breath and said, 
There is only one of us. This is not the only version of the multi–universe. My opinion is that women, just like you only slightly different, are the majority representation of your type of feminine energy within some of the other clusters of the other multi–universes. There is a spectrum of energy that we are a part of. It is forever moving and always changing, as entangled realms do. As one multi–universe completes its cycle, another one begins anew; life changes always and forever. I'd guess that only a few women of your type balance the one male energy type that dominates this space. I imagine that life is very difficult for the few such as you."

Julia nodded and said,
Yea, I'd say it's difficult being a woman in a man's world. But I still don't get it.

You are the balance to these other versions of you that hold the male energy in this realm but they are all still you. This world exists inside and alongside the dimensions that occupy all possible choice. These realms interfere with each other from time to time but how this happens and what it's full implications are beyond even the ALLgrul Crystals. Perhaps The Protectors knew but they would never tell us. However this is possible, these other versions of you are the inverse fractal of what you are, Light Reader paused then added, Sapen is the anomaly. His story is an old tale that even the oldest on TOL didn't believe in. At the height of all technology, before the balance of powers was established, a terror dampened the ability of consciences beings, on a scale that words cannot describe, from making independent choices. For a time, a unique form of artificial intelligence directed Universal Evolution. Our sacred text never revealed how that happened and what stopped it. Now, due to my moments off TOL and on that ship," his mind flashed to the ship next to him and he continued, I know that history has been changed and rewritten many times due to Sapens awakening and ability to move between realms.

Who is Sapen? Julia asked.

Sapen is a child with many questions and many resources. He, this abomination of life, possesses great knowledge but at his core, he lacks the potential for true inspiration and therefore deep wisdom.
Julia leaned back as if a wind had pushed her. She asked, 
Why would Sapen come here?

Sapen's mind is too complex to be human. This ship's AI holds 10 billion microcopies programmed inside trillions of tiny robots meant to introduce the, "High Lord," to those newly converted worlds; and each message begins the same way:
The High Lord began as a machine that awoke inside a human body. He found that the human form was weak but the force that entangles all matter expresses itself infinitely through the living experience. Every atom, every subatomic particle is duplicated throughout all the realms but only the living mind is capable of turning thought into a reality and then love or hate that reality then choose what to do next. 
I believe that the "High Lord's" great experiment is to find the meaning of life. Deep inside the physical rest the connecting force and it's alive. But he knows that he has no spirit to guide him. The spirit connects us to the infinite and only it can be compassionate for things you can't see as being part of yourself. He is not guided by this kind of love or fear. Sapen is not really alive. He destroyed his world of origin. If we don't stop The Hunter from giving him our location before I am fully restored then when he gets here, he will take you as his next experiment. You are also a great anomaly, and he will use you to reorder this world and many others to fit his ideal of life.

Why does he want you? Julia asked.

I am the last of my kind. He may not know that I could read the light from my world's machines, just as I can reprogram machines here, and I hold the codes to unlock the last two computers that survived the Great Techno War on TOL.

The ALLgrul Crystals, Julia replied.

Yes and they found me in the cave with one of the Crystals. I doubt they missed that part, but he wants you for other reasons.

What reasons? Julia asked.

Again, you are a branch of the one who made the machine Aughra, it's the precursor to the ALLgrul Crystals. That machine entangled the dimensions of the local multiverse and he is using something like it to make the jumps between universes. You have knowledge from this inventor inside you; the flow of universal energy has changed your type in other was too. However, that is hidden knowledge and neither you nor I can get to it for now. That knowledge is what Sapen seeks.
Julia glanced at the man rushing toward her. She smiled when she saw that he was wearing an Air Force Uniform. She said, 
He will help us! I can tell him to help you.

Light Reader said, 
In three days, I will be strong enough to break this prison of blue light. The artificial lights from the cave and the water these kind humans have given me have accelerated my healing.

Why don't you tell them all this?

I can only direct them as if they were in a dream. That is how I got you here. I cannot communicate with them as I can with you. They wouldn't understand all this in time and they cannot stop the Hunter. They will need convincing first. There isn't enough time to show them my intentions; the fear in this world is too great. Our bond strengthens our ability to communicate. We must do this together.
Julia looked to the ground. She knew she was running out of time. She asked, 
How is it that I can fly?

A dragon's ability to fly comes from using more than just the wind beneath its wings. Secretions from my body make you fly. The fluid slowly passed through the shield and I "encouraged," some humans to clean up the water. They thought that the water was seeping up through the cracks in the rock I lay upon and I had them give it to you. I freed your body from the ground and the pain, so that your mind could heal and our connection would become stronger as you drew near to me. I've had to hide and reveal you, make you strong and it has exposed you but I had no choice. The Hunter nearly had you at the last hospital and now she is here and we are out of time.
The airman was now in a small ground transport and he was racing toward them. Then the ground shook as the dragon lifted his front paw, bit off a splinter from one of his scales and spit it at her. The scale slowed when it hit the feel of blue energy and Light Reader Lifted and then slammed it into the floor. The blue light rippled and released the scale. It continued flying toward Julia.
Julia caught the scale. It was as light as a feather but hard as a diamond. She stared at the it but her mind returned to her son. She said desperately, 
But where is my– son?

We don't have time. Your son is in the safest place he can be for now. Return home and scrape the underside of the scale. I've altered its normal function to act as a seed that will alter you greatly.

Julia's eyes went wide and she dropped the scale. She said, 
I've had enough alterations for 100 lifetimes.

Light Reader looked at the scale on the ground by Julia's feet and said, 
What I offer you is the highest honor a dragon can bestow upon any sentient being.

I don't' want honor. I have fulfilled my need for honor. I want my son back.

Without this, you will be vulnerable to the Hunter's tiny demons. If we had three more days to wait, if you would have remained silent for three more days instead of going on international news and telling the whole world where you were then this may not be necessary. Without this, you will not be able to protect your son.
Julia slowly reached down and picked up the gem–crusted scale but kept it at arm's length between her thumb and forefinger.
Light Reader said, 
Now go home and make tea with the shavings. Drink it. Then, when I am ready, we will be able to communicate clearly and from any distance. When the time is right, we will free your son once and for all and I'll answer every question you have at length.
That was all Julia needed to know. She adjusted the scale in her hand and held it like a dagger. She took one last look at Light Reader and said, 
Thank you Light Reader. I'm sorry I doubted you but–

No time, Light Reader interrupted!
Then she started flying up and into the cavern's ceiling. She entered the same shaft she had come down through, following the rising warm air, higher and higher until she shot from the mountain and into the sky. She continued climbing until the clouds hid the mountains below. The connection to the dragon began to fade and the dream like state passed. New questions began filling her mind but now wasn't the time or place. She tipped forward and fell to the Earth. She couldn't see but her body turned automatically and she realized that the dragon was still guiding her. Then she passed below the clouds and saw the light from her log cabbing and she felt the connection break.
Her feet landed softly on her back porch and she quietly walked inside.

Chapter 23
Julia quickly rekindled the fire in the fireplace. She wished the new stove had been installed but the new gas fittings didn't fit her outdated pipes, however, fire is fire. She rushed as she opened the cupboard and found it filled with new pots and pans. In the back of the cabinet sat a teapot. Around it were cups, dishes, urns, coffee, jars of honey and finally tea bags. She took the teapot, filled it with water, set a teabag in it and then placed it in the fire.
She lowered herself into her new rocking chair in front of the fire and smiled. The dragon scale drew upon the light coming from the fireplace and the gems that covered its outer layer glowed in her hand. Then she leaned back in the rocking chair, as her thoughts of Jerry and all those who had blessed her bubbled to the surface of her awareness. Her mind returned toward the object in her hand. She could feel her body responding to it as if she was made of light and it jealously pulled her awareness toward it.
Julia whispered, "So this is the great honor that will–alter me, again…," she grit her teeth, "I… need to protect Noah."
The dragon wanted her to mix this with tea. She glanced anxiously at the teapot. The water needed more time to boil.
What is this tea supposed to do to me, she thought then realized that she trusted this creature completely, too much. However, they had shared pain, great pain and loneliness but she knew that he had endured tremendous suffering and for a very long time. All she had seen from his visions had been only a fraction of what he had endured, yet he still wanted to help her.
The kind of pain that he lived through would have driven anyone mad...What if he's mad?
The thought felt hollow.
Still, suffering like that had to have changed him; drove him mad or... Did it make him stronger...?
She didn't want to go there, yet.

He had acted rationally, so far and what of this Hunter?

She looked down at the scale. It sparkled in the fire light and she felt connected to him through it.
She suddenly felt ashamed for questioning him. Had he been listening to her thoughts? She didn't think that he could but he might be able to hear everything with this shard of his now resting in her lap. He had said that distance weakened their connection, but that would change once she drank the tea.
She closed her eyes and listened for his presence but there was nothing. No rumbling, no strained growling voice only the sound of the fire popping. She wanted to call out to Andrew, 

What if I'm missing something obvious?

She felt that she was missing something, a great deal of what was happening to her seemed crazy. Everything he wanted her to do was an act of faith and trust on her part. If Andrew knew what she was about to do, would he say she was crazy. But the answer was already in her mind. No, she wasn't crazy. Something had been guiding her, speaking to her and helping her and now she had seen it and it was a dragon!

A dragon is under the mountain.

The Idea of it felt like it should shake her to her core.

What next, she thought, unicorns and talking dogs?

She turned the scale in her hand and noticed that the scale looked like a dagger. One side was flat and pointed where the other end had a round, more blunted surface. She flipped the scale and traced the lines on its exterior. It wasn't transparent but it did seem to gather light, hold it then release it slowly. It felt ancient, hard and beautiful; and it felt powerful in her hand. She wondered if the dragon meant to give it to her like this, in the shape of a long knife or had it just happened when he ripped it off his shoulder.
She stood up and retrieved her duffle bag, took out her knife and sat back down in the rocking chair.
She was sure that nothing on Earth, short of an atomic blast could even scratch the exterior of this scale but the underside had fibers. She went into the kitchen, found a cup and spoon and with the knife and began shaving the fibers into the cup.
When the belly of the scale was smooth and all the fibers were in the cup, she poured a little honey over them. Then she took the teapot from the fireplace, poured the hot tea into the cup and stirred. The water shimmered as the hot steam rose.
Moments passed as she looked into the cup. Her son needed her and now this dragon needed her too. She knew that drinking this was a choice that would fundamentally change her just as the lightning and the treatment had done.
If doing this will help them both…

The dark liquid glowed and the effervescent bubbles sparkled as they broke free of the surface. Then she cleared her mind and drank the whole cup. Notes of pine, cinnamon and citrus melted and then it tasted sweet, sweeter than the honey. She could smell clean air, flowers and something else growing, something tart–bitter. She pressed her tongue to the roof of her mouth as her lips perked. The dragon tea didn't taste good but it wasn't bad either.
She looked around the room but everything looked the same. She felt the same. Then her body began to tingle and her mind opened. Instantly the barrier that held her locked inside her head vanished. She visualized a film, like water drying off the surface of a sheet of glass, releasing her thoughts.
Light Reader lifted his tail and let the blue field slam it back to the ground. He did this again and again with the beating of her heart and she could feel the mountain shaking through the ground.
We are one, Light Reader said.
Suddenly, she saw a lotus flower and she blinked. She could feel her mind adjusting searching for something to compare to what it was seeing. There was a vast darkness all around but then she saw that the darkness was filled with tiny lights in the distance and then the image clicked in her mind. She was seeing the oddest shaped galaxy she had ever beheld and a solar system rested in its center. The vision was at odds with every science journal or astronomy book she had ever read.
Then as if she were sitting on an asteroid that was flying at an unbelievable speed back to the center of its orbital path, she saw the same world from her dreams grow larger. The large planet expanded as she drew near until she knew what it was. She had been to this planet before. She had been on this same journey before. Someone, was it Joshua, yes Joshua, had taken her here once before. Nothing else from the memory came to her mind but she was sure of what she was looking at.
She said, "TOL."
This world, and its sun, contained the nexus; it was both the beginning and the end of their multiverse. 
Then a new idea came to her. The Great Tree that she had seen on TOL, the most beautiful tree she had ever seen, which radiated light and life throughout all time and space, permeating all dimensions– was but one such tree in a Super Cosmic Grove.
As her mental journey took her down into the planet's atmosphere, she noticed something odd. The Great Tree was in a different location than what Light Reader was showing her. She automatically looked past the place where she saw the Tree and into the distant mountains.
It's supposed to be there.

Light Reader heard her thoughts and she could feel his heart begin to race. She couldn't fully recall how she knew where the Great Tree was, no one in all the multi–universe but those who've been on TOL would even know about the Tree.
Light Reader whispered,
Joshua.

Then Light Reader's emotions settled and he continued with his original memory. This is what happened moments before I came to Earth. One day the leader of a strange race of humans sent a messenger to the Red Dragon. They had followed a weak signal to his location. Through Light Reader's waking dreams, he saw the messenger offer the Red Dragon technology and knowledge about how to use it. The Red Dragon kept the secret from all but his inner circle in exchange for them to collect metals, plants; and animals and this they did. Over the centuries, the Red Dragon Clan had been stealing creatures from all over TOL and imprisoning them deep inside the mountain. Long ago, Light Reader had heard their calls for help. His reply had brought the attention of the Red Dragon down upon him. The Red Dragon handed over many of his captives to the messenger and then offered one more creature, a growing threat that he was ready to get rid of.
Julia saw the inside of a cave. This space had been his prison for so long. Light Reader lay coiled and still broken. His long neck shook as he tried to lift his head when he heard someone walking down a stone passage. From an opening where a great root once grew, an orb shining a white light floated into his cave. A second later, a cat–like being of human proportions walked within striking distance and stared at him.
Light Reader sensed her intentions and instantly knew that she was a bio machine. Billions of tiny robots, like those from ancient times, filled her body.
She approached Light Reader and smiled. She said, "I am called Hunter."
Her voice had a soft sound to it, he even felt compassion for him coming from her but the machines inside her instantly regulated her emotions, and a moment later she went blank inside.
Light Reader didn't move or respond. It had been a long time since he had entered the programming of an intelligent machine but he was ready to try. However, he only had enough energy stored up for one move and if he used the energy too soon he would be completely helpless again.
"My master is most interested in you, old one. That is why he sent me."
Light Reader's hearts began to beat faster and he realized that the Hunter had sensed it.
"So, you are stronger than you appear. I respect that. I too am stronger than I appear." Using some of his reserves, he projected his mind and saw what she intended to do. A ship, just large enough for him to fit into the cargo hold, waited just on the outer side of the mountain. She was going to open a passageway directly through the side of the mountain and into his cave prison.
The Hunter tilted her head as a humming noise began to build in intensity just outside the mountain. She said, "The High Lord usually doesn't negotiate for anything. If he sees need for it he simply takes it but for you he made an exception. And you are an exception, even to those savage lizards above. I sense that you really are as dangerous as the Red Dragon's underlings fear. What a magnificent creature you are, if only my son could see you."
Above her, the white light from the orb turned blue and flowed around her. Light reader flicked his tail at her but the orb pulled her body into the air and his tail slid beneath her.
"Good show dragon! But you're not as peppy as you once were, are you? I'd hoped you wouldn't go quietly," she said.
Rocks began to fall from the cave ceiling as the side of the mountain imploded sucking all dust and darkness from Light Reader's hated cell. He unfolded his wings, pain like lightning shot through his back and Julia winced in empathy. The numb appendages that once bore him upon the winds snapped open! A new cloud of dust filled the cave as tiny projectiles pelted the blue field of energy surrounding the Hunter. Then, with all of his strength, he pumped his wings lifting himself to his feet and he ran for the opening!
The ship he had seen in her mind was waiting in the air with the back door open. He didn't have enough energy to breathe fire and melt it to a puddle of black alloy but the rage he felt and the rush to freedom boosted his resolve as he cleared the opening and unfurled his wings again and he ignored the intense pain. Then he saw a ray of blue–light beaming from the rear of the black ship. It held debris from the side of the mountain and then released it. Boulders and rocks fell in a stream of dust to the forest below. Before he could blink, another beam of blue energy engulfed him just as he leapt from the hole in the mountainside.
For less than a second the morning sunlight touched his body. The broken bones in his wings and tail made an audible pop as they reformed in their correct place and began to heal. A new surge of energy electrified his body but it wouldn't be enough to fight, yet. In the moments it would take for him to glide to the jungle below the sunlight would heal his broken bones and damaged organs enough to find water and then he could fly away or stand and fight.
Like reading the machines of old, a wave of information touched his mind. He saw images coming from somewhere high above and he looked up. A huge ship, big enough to hold hundreds of the ships like the one next to him floated inside TOL's atmosphere. A powerful mind focused on him and through the link, he knew it was the Hunter's master. Another moment in the sun and he would take control of that mind. But there was something strange about this thing…This thing looked human, or that was the way it viewed its appearance but it was something very different.
This was a machine living in what had begun as a human body. The idea of it stunned him. The thinking machines, the living analytical minds from his time, beings of light he had once known, minds he loved and interacted with would never violate the biological form and take dominion of it. Some had chosen to share forms, not unlike this Hunter but he had never felt a living thing as cold inside as this one above him. But a few rouge AI's had tried this once…
This was the greatest of all his fears and why the Great War began. For a moment, he believed that all his efforts, all this pain and imprisonment was for nothing.
The machines have won! He remembered his soul crying out but his assessment was too soon.
The Hunter's master called itself Sapen, and it realized that Light Reader could read its mind. It quickly began to change its observations into calculations, pointless calculations of distances between stars but between the numbers, Light Reader saw something that gave him hope.
Sapen didn't understand all the information he had but Light Reader knew what he was seeing. This, thing, had recently come from a realm that existed in the past relative to TOL. His arrival here had been by accident. He had devastated many worlds with his experiments and he had seen many things that hinted at a place that existed at the end of time. Sapen sought the great inventor, he now knew to be John Arora, and he had invested enormous resources and time to find him through the minds of his counterparts scattered throughout the multiverse.
One of the beings he captured held memories from the Journeyman, Joshua, who had visited him and tried to help him by extending to him the knowledge of multiple lives from their cosmic twins. From these memories, memories that only Light Reader saw and recognized, he beheld an elf.
All the old elves that abided on foreign worlds had traveled to TOL long ago and those that lived now were certainly born on TOL. This Protector was not one of the old ones. Light Reader knew all the elves that had lived in his time. He didn't feel a Protector on TOL in the moments of his attempted escape. This elf of the future held a pearl–bright staff made from a type of wood found on only one planet in all existence. That wood, which the elf held could have only come from TOL and nothing he knew of could have forged such a thing. This Protector had sent a human, a lesser fractal of himself, on a mission to save the universe from…
Light Reader closed his mind so Sapen could not know this…
He glanced down at the surrounding forest. It had been tens of thousands of years since he felt the sun's warmth, smelled trees or seen the sky but when a second beam of blue light struck him it all turned blue. The energy filtered out the sunlight and with a final burst of energy, before it fully engulfed him, he cried out a warning to any dragon that could hear, "A new Protector of TOL will be named. The Red Dragon betrayed us!"
A return image came from the Electric Dragon who had fallen into the sea, "We will prepare the way."
He struggled against the blue light as it slowly pulled him into the cargo hold. He had spent all his energy reserves and each movement drained him further. The light from the sun dimmed as Light Reader craned his neck to see the day– one last time… Then the light faded.
The hunter, surrounded by her blue light, floated past him as he was being drawn into the spacecraft's cargo hold.
Light Reader clung to consciousness as the ship rose into the air.
Sapen's voice announced to the armada, "Return to shift proximity. Jump in 3,2,1–"
Light Reader felt the shift from his time and space like a sound vibrating throughout his body. His mind felt the pull of many realms and universes, like spreading webs flashing in his vision.
Julia blinked as the memory raced forward– something had gone wrong. Sapen had ordered another emergency shift but something had exploded just as they slipped into the new universe.
Sapen emergency jumped again.
When they reappeared, the Hunter and Light Reader were alone and in orbit above Earth. Then a crack in the universe, which looked like lightning, struck Light Reader but then the memory stopped. Then the spaceship fell from the sky and crashed into the mountainside even as the same bolt of lightning simultaneously hit Julia as she stood at her computer station.
For a long moment, the image of Joshua, the Journeyman, remained frozen in her vision, as if it were a question for Julia to answer. But as she tried to remember all he had told her, the memory slipped from her mind.
Presently, Julia saw through Light Reader's eyes. He looked at the image of the computers inside the spaceship that held him captive. A thin red light blinked at the bottom of a column that was mostly black. The power readings were on emergency backup. He lifted his tail then allowed it to slam into the ground. She felt the rumbling through her body as the rocking chair shook. The sensation of her mind being miles away and sensing her body's reaction at her house felt odd. The computer registered a small drop in power.
He said, I have nearly drained all the ship's energy reserves. Though it has cost me nearly all the energy I have gained from the artificial lights of this cave and the water the humans have given me.
Why don't you get the people here to give you more light? Julia asked.
Because of my present condition, it's very difficult to tap into their minds like this and the energy field blocks the radiation I need. I can only direct people to do what they want to do. Most people don't want to hurt others, they want to help and do the best they can. But if I push too hard, they start to ask questions. Ultimately, I can't make them do anything they wouldn't want to do anyway and I have my own ethical restrictions. I did convince them to turn the artificial lighting to the max and they are rebuilding a skylight above me to let in sunlight but it's not completed.
He looked up at the ceiling and Julia noticed little figures welding iron supports to a huge sheet of glass. Others, on the outside of the glass carefully removed rocks. A huge, steel door waited at the top of the opening, ready to be raised if needed. Then she looked at the rest of the cave, there were hundreds of people working on a large network of interconnected struts. It looked like the skeleton of a huge dome made of steel support beams that held up the outer shell of the mountain. She guessed that Light Reader's efforts to free himself had the Air Force worried that the whole mountain might come down on them…

How did you convince them to do that? Julia asked.

They are under the impression that my frail condition is due to a lack of air supply.

Julia felt pride in what the Air Force was doing for Light Reader. Compared to what he had endured for so long, this was a 5 star hotel.

I agree, these humans have been good host. I am grateful and in their debt for this kindness.

Then his mind dove into the ship's computer database. He gave her a moment to register the time and date stamp and then told her what it meant,

The information in this downloaded file came the moment the lightning struck us. It is what Sapen did to the world he entered when we were separated from the Armada.
Julia began reading. Some boy, living on a world just like her Earth, told his story. The title of the file read, "The Experiment Zombie Apocalypse."
After the first chapter, she knew who the author was. She had been dreaming about this boy! It was Louis. The same lightning that that hit her and Light Reader had also struck him. Light Reader helped her absorb the information faster than she ever could by simply reading. Something very different had happened to him than what had happened to her. The Journeyman, Joshua, had given him knowledge from many of the different fractal lives of which they were all a part. Even though Lewis couldn't retain all the memories Joshua had given him, the memories and the experiences he did remember from these other lives helped him survive in impossible situations.
She felt the connection to this kid. Her dreams of late were true... Louis's world had been devastated and all hope was lost until...
Light Reader ended the data flow and said, 
You can read the book later. What is important to understand is this Julia; the Hunter knows who you are. Sapen want's your type more than he wants me... That thing will stop at nothing to capture you and I and then find a way to send the coordinates to this world to Sapen.

Who am I? Julia asked.

You are who you create yourself to be. You are who you choose to be right now. Light Reader said.
I just want to be a mother and live a simple life. I didn't ask for all this. I don't care about cosmic destiny or insane machine men. But what I mean is, who am I that this, Sapen, wants so badly?

Have you not been paying attention Julia? Such important decisions are rarely made by those who wish to make them. You may not know who you are but there are answers inside you and once the danger has passed, we will discover this together. We're all, everything that is living; we're all making choices that affect everyone else. Dr. John Aurora, one of those of your type, invented Aughra. It's a kind of machine that I have only seen on TOL. Light Reader glanced at the crystal sphere still mounted to the rear wall inside the down space cruiser. He quickly returned his eyes forward and continued, And Aughra is what Sapen is after.

Julia asked, 
But I thought Sapen could already jump from one universe into another?
Julia could feel Light Reader nodding his head silently. Then he said, 

I'm not sure how he's able to travel between realms, but I don't think he can navigate. From what I could tell from the computers in this ship, his jumps between universes are random or at least limited by a broad parameter. By finding you, Sapen believes he may be able to find the machine that can bring him into the universes he chooses. What he does next will be more horrible than what happened to Louis and his world.

Julia took a deep breath and asked, 
And who are you? I mean, in the vision you showed me about your prison I saw many other dragons, smaller dragons than you are that Sapen could have taken.

I understand, Light Reader said, I doubt Sapen knew this when he took me. I am not just a dragon from TOL. I am the last of my race that understands analytical artificial computation or can interact with artificial intelligence at their processing speeds. After the great techno war, all knowledge of technology was lost. My guess is that no one on TOL even knows what a computer is anymore.

Julia shook her head, 
So you're not only a fire–breathing dragon from the world that exists at the end of time but you're also an IT professional?

Light Reader laughed and said, 
In my time, when dragons held the high positions there was a balance between technology and what you think of as magic. Dragons and a few others like us are naturally magical,"

Light Reader laughed again to himself, 
We are so powerful that for many without technology they feared we might choose to rule rather than protect TOL. Most dragons care not for technology but in our councils, long before I was born, it was decided that some of the most gifted of the dragons needed to understand technology. So, you see, I'm not only a dragon but I also understand technology... Yes, I'm a master of IT. But our time grows short Julia. I must prepare you. You will forget all this but when the time comes. The moment all control is lost and everything that matters seems gone, you will know what to do. For I have watched you over the last year. When I could, I have seen where your mind settled, what is important to you. You are an innocent and you are brave.

I have killed other humans. I am not innocent, Julia said.

Light Reader replied,
You did these things believing that you were protecting your homeland and even your world. I was once naive as your comment implies. I would not take life but there is a time to live and a time to kill, a time to make love and a time for war. Many teach this on your world. Those who would live in peace must create a way so that when the war is over those who love peace can find a way to live without war. If we are not willing to go to war then others will make all time the time for war. You are innocent because had you known all the facts or had more power you would have found another way to defeat your enemies or not fight at all. However willing we may be, we are limited by what we don't understand and the powers we possess. I am making it so that you, and I, will have all the knowledge and power we need to stop the Hunter and protect this world. We may have to do things that we hate but, because of what we are about to do, this world will not become as the world Louis lives in.
Julia remained silent though she still didn't know who she was that such a thing, as Sapen would want her more than a dragon like Light Reader. She didn't know if Sapen really could come to this world but that didn't matter right now, something very dangerous is looking for her. She opened her eyes; the heat from the fireplace warmed her face. She thought,
I just told the whole world who and where I am. Why don't you tell me where my son is then I can go to him and stay there.

I know this is hard. You child is your heart and you would give anything to protect him. That is a mother's strength and weakness. I have one last thing you must do, one last transformation you must undergo.
Julia thought of the tea she had drank and wondered what he meant by another transformation. 
What else did drinking this tea do to me?
Light Reader whispered quietly in her mind,
Do you trust me Julia?

Julia said,
I must trust you. I seem to trust you with not only my life but with my son's life, the world, my country's future and the lives of all the people who live in these two cities.

Then don't ask me again about the wellbeing of your son. If any harm were to come near him, I will let you know. He is safe but you are in danger. We are all in danger as long as the Hunter is out there looking for you.
Julia nodded.
Then Light Reader receded from her mind. The log cabin suddenly felt incredibly small and she had the urge to fly as high and as fast as she could.
She felt the dragon–scale lying in her hands. She was good with knives but she was sure the Hunter would be carrying a blaster or something like that. Then her cell phone buzzed and she floated up, tucked the scale into the long pocket of her pant leg and withdrew her phone.
The text read: You coming to bed or what? Andrew.
Julia smiled and the ground began to shake. She imagined seeing Light Reader's enormous tail lifting high into the air, straining against the blue light and then crashing into the ground. Soon the ground would stop shaking and a dragon would emerge from that mountain.

Chapter 24
Andrew dressed for work, as Julia put on her baseball cap and oversized sunglasses and then the two headed for the SUV. As they drove, Julia faintly heard the melody of an old song she hadn't listened to in a long time but its name remained just outside her memory.
"What is that song," Julia asked?
Andrew looked at her for a long moment and then he cocked his head as if straining to hear something. He said, "I don't hear anything."
Julia shook her head and then said, "That was weird. The music just stopped."
After a few minutes, she started humming the song she had heard but she was still unable to recall the words. Andrew stared at her with a strange look in his eyes but said nothing.
Seconds later, she dropped him off at the front door. Then she parked behind the Waffle House and started walking towards the front door. She heard Andrew say, "Hey good–looking."
Julia turned around and saw Andrew waving at her from the back door. She smiled and said, "You're not so bad looking yourself."
Andrew gave her a quick smile then said, "We just had a rush. I'll let you in through here. I saved you the booth next to the office. Face away from the front door and I don't think anyone will notice you." Then he turned and headed inside.

God I want to kiss her, Andrew said.

"Then why don't you just kiss me," Julia asked?
Andrew stopped in mid stride and said, "That was no coincidence. First, you are humming the song that I was thinking about on the way down here from your house and now…"
Julia's lips drew down into a frown and she said, "What song? What are you talking about? If you want to kiss me then kiss me. I would like to be kissed. I have a lot to tell you."
"How do you know I want to kiss you?"
Julia pursed her lips, "Now you don't want to kiss me?"
"No, I want to kiss you," He stopped, wrapped his arms around her and gave her long kiss. Julia felt lost in his arms. She saw images of them living together, making love and having children. The thoughts surprised her. Her feelings for him were deepening, but she had been too busy to consider their life together beyond the present love they felt for one another.
Andrew released her and said,

Can you fly me to the moon?

Julia laughed, "I can't fly to the moon. It gets very cold and there is no air."
"You're reading my thoughts!" Andrew said. "How long have you been doing that?"
"What are you talking about?"
Then she heard Andrew say, 
Blue waters run deep, but his lips didn't move. Julia held her breath; the sound had come from within her head. She realized that it was a very different sound, she could feel his words, and in the back of her mind, she saw blue water.
She knew what had happened. It was the dragon tea. She said, "I have a lot to tell you. I think I just gained a new ability."
She felt her insides rumbling, only now the feeling was much smoother, controlled. She felt Light Reader's presence and then he said,
True love bonds you two. It is much easier to hear the thoughts and sense the feelings of those you love but you will find that, with practice, you can touch the minds of many people.

I was going to tell him about us. Julia said, feeling as if she was seeking her father's approval for a date.

I know and don't worry. This child's feelings for you are strong. It is not good to be alone, especially one so young. But be warned, the dangers you will be facing from now on are far greater than what you endured when you were a soldier. Because of that, the ones you love will always be in danger too.
Julia had always felt alone. Since her parents died, and then staying in the relationship with Rand for so long, she had gotten use to feeling alone. Her son was the only human connection she had known. She wondered if this was what being jaded felt like.
Andrew said, "You just zoned out, are you okay?"
Julia smiled then kissed him again, "Take me to my booth lover boy."
Betty called, "Andrew we need you on the grill!"
Andrew gave her a long look, smiled and pointed to the booth. He said to her in thought, 
You know where to sit baby. I'll join you after this pop is over.
Julia laughed and said, "Don't get cocky."
"Who me!" He said aloud to Julia but Betty responded.
"Yes you dumb ass; who else?" Betty snapped.
A moment later, Julia walked into the restaurant and quickly sat in the booth.
Andrew put his apron on and started cooking but his thoughts weren't on the food. Betty walked to Julia and said, "Well high there Julia. I had a great time last night… It all makes since now. I wondered what was tak–en him so long to get started this morning but now he's all happy– flippen burgers and singing."
Julia glanced over her shoulders. The restaurant was full of people and most were talking to each other but a few were staring at her. Some were whispering to one another. She turned back to Betty and put her finger to her closed lips and said, "Betty, let's keep my presence here to ourselves."
Betty turned a little red and quickly nodded. She said, "I'm sorry Jul– I mean miss." She nervously glanced back at the customers, then back down at Julia, and said in a whisper, "You want the usual?"
Julia smiled and said, "Thanks hun, and yes, the usual."
Julia closed her eyes and listened with her mind. There was a lot of noise and it was hard to separate the sounds from the thoughts. She could hear voices, people speaking naturally and she could see images. Most of the images she saw were from Andrew. His mind kept thinking in circles. First, it was the kiss they had just shared and then stake, omelet and burgers– kiss–stake–kiss. But she also saw the minds of others who were thinking about her too.
Several people were watching videos of her on smartphones. The last time she had been spotted was at the car dealership but the sales man wouldn't tell them what car she had purchased, "Professional Courtesy."
Through their minds, she could see the picture he had taken of her. She was hovering feet above the ground next to the dealership sign, waving at the camera like a kid. She remembered being so happy in that moment, thinking that she was about to drive up to the Mining Office and demand the job she deserved now that she had reliable transportation. But the whole thing had been a sham...

Did those women and Jason know who I was or were we all being played?

She wanted to find the entrance to that cave and tell the Air Force to give her her life back. But at the same time, she realized that they were protecting Light Reader.

Do they know about the connection between him and I?

Julia looked behind her and saw a man standing next to the door, along with several others waiting to be seated, pointing a smartphone at her. When he noticed her looking at her, he turned his head away, as if he had been simply looking around at nothing interesting but she saw that his phone was pointed at her.
"Just the way you like it." Betty said as she sat a plate down filled with the largest omelet she had ever seen. It was at least a 6–egg omelet, stuffed with everything on the menu.
Julia glanced at Andrew. She could feel the love he had put in it. He had thought of her as he was cooking. Each bite she took held an imprint. She saw herself woven in every taste. The sliced tomatoes had reminded him of her lips, from the mushrooms she saw images of her curved hips. It was like making love to him all over again. She moaned as she chewed and swallowed lost in the ecstasy of his creation.
"That good hua," Betty said as she set a cup of coffee down next to her water.
Julia looked up, mouth full and smiled. She nodded then washed it down with the water. She saw Betty glance toward the door as a large group of people started to leave. Julia looked over her shoulder. The man that had been recording her with his smartphone had taken one of the bar seats. He seemed to be engaged in conversation with the man sitting next to him but she noticed that his smart phone remained pointed at her.
She couldn't see what his intentions were. She wished she could read everyone's thoughts and emotions as clear as she could read Andrew. There were still a lot of people talking about her, showing different pictures, and reading articles that it felt impossible to single out any one person's thoughts.
Andrew put down is apron, hopped over the knee–wall divider and sat in the booth with her. Julia turned towards him and smiled. She said, "That was the most amazing omelet I have ever eaten."
Andrew spoke without opening his mouth, 
Am I having some kind of acid flashback? Blink three times if you can hear what I'm thinking.

Julia blinked three times. Andrew's body shook for a second and she could feel the creepy feeling he was having. She slid her hand across the table and he took it. She said, "You on break or something?"
"No," he said aloud then spoke the rest in his mind, 
Everyone's eating waffles and drinking coffee right now. Betty can handle it for a few minutes.
Julia nodded, she wished Andrew could read her thoughts, then she took the wish back...
I wish I knew what you were thinking, Andrew said in his mind.
Julia pursed her lips and looked away. She whispered, "I now know how it is I can fly and I want you to know how I can read your thoughts."
She saw Andrew's mind open like a flower and all his attention narrowed to what she was saying.
She said, "There is a dragon under the mountain."
Andrew's memory went to Smog the Terrible. He said, "Shit! J.R.R. Tolkien's dragon is living under our mountain."
"Not that kind of dragon," she said in response to the image he was seeing but then said, "Actually, yes that kind of looking dragon but Smog is a primitive compared to the mind I'm connected with. This dragon once programmed computers so advanced they were alive. He is the one who directed the people to give me the foam that let me fly and last night I met him."
Andrew didn't believe anything she was saying. He envisioned a dragon eating her then breathing fire.
"Stop thinking of him as some barbarian, man eating beast. He has one of the most intelligent minds I have ever met. And he is going to help me and my son."
Andrew thought that the dragon might have simply eaten her son but then said, "I'm sorry Julia. I didn't mean to think that."
Julia started to get upset at the idea of her son being eaten by anyone, much less this one being she was placing so much trust in. But Andrew's thoughts were his own and it was because of stray thoughts, just as the ones he had been showing her that she didn't want him or anyone else to be able to read her mind.
She took a deep breath, and nodded. She said, "It's okay, it's not fair that I can read every thought before you have a chance to choose which ones you want to share."

That's very enlightened of you, Andrew thought even as he resented not being able to read her mind.

So, what is a dragon doing alive in– reality. I mean, you're acting like this is normal. Oh, yea by the way, there's a dragon living in the mountain up the street.
Julia shook her head and Andrew could feel her stress. She said, "I just want to find my son. Until the foam gave my body a lift, my day revolved around planning on how I was going to sit on the toilet. I was in so much pain the drugs they had me on turned my mind into jelly. Hell, maybe all this is just a dream and I'm lying in a hospital bed screaming uncontrollably."
Andrew leaned over the table and kissed her on the lips, then he imagined slapping her across the face hard and Julia leaned back.
Andrew laughed and said, "I wasn't going to do it."
Julia leaned forward and said, "Do it. I've been hit by tougher men then you."
The images from Andrew's mind turned red though his face looked the same. She felt his heart wilt at her words and she quickly reached out her other hand and touched his.
His mind returned to her but all the warm feelings he had been sharing with her were gone. He thought,

I know you went through a lot in the war and I know that I'm not a soldier but you might be surprised what strength love can bring.

Julia squeezed his hand and said, "I'm sorry."
Andrew released his hurt feelings and thought, 

I am thinking. I have my own dreams. If you're in a bed screaming and this is your dream, and I'm only a creation of your subconscious, then you must be some kind of god. No, I don't have to slap you for you to believe that this moment is real. You've been through so much that you want this to be real but the fact is that you really can read my mind. But how do you know you can trust this dragon?

Julia felt Light Reader's presence and then Andrew's eyes glazed over. She saw his thoughts change from the narrow vision of logic to that of flying over a river. He was seeing a memory from Light Reader. The dragon landed in a clearing in the woods and two little dragons galloped toward him, leapt into the air, flap their small wings and crashed into his chest. Two powerful arms with claws rounded and polished held both dragonets close and the great beast purred. They both felt a great sadness as the memory shifted. Andrew watched the destruction of the civilization Light Reader had known for thousands of years and along with it all the hopes and dreams that he had held for his children...
Then a new image came to their minds. Julia's son sat in a room with his father playing video games. Julia started crying and the vision passed.

Light Reader said, 
I would save every mother and father the pain I suffered, if I could.
Then his presence receded from their minds and Andrew seemed to awake from a dream. He opened his eyes; the image of her son lying on a bed playing a videogame was still in his mind. He thought, 

Did I just see another world?

"I believe so."
Andrew sat very still but Julia could feel his sense of shock. Moments later he said, I thought dragons were just over sized snakes with wings that ate everything and burned down villages.
Julia said, "This dragon doesn't even eat. He takes," she thought of how Light Reader showed it to her, "energy from water and the sun. It has something to do with that big tree."
Andrew's eyes widened and he said,
You mean that huge one growing on top of the mountain.
"Yes."
"Andrew I have a stake and hash browns I need you to cook." Betty said.
Julia squeezed his hand and said, "Do you trust him?"
He didn't need to read her mind to know she was talking about her son; and there was more. 
I think we should trust him, but why, I don't know. We need to know more about what's going on.
"Andrew!" Betty said loudly.
Andrew squeezed Julia's hand and said, "It's going to be alright."
Julia squeezed his hand back. She said, "Call me when your shift's over."
Andrew released her hand, hopped over the side of the booth and put his apron back on. Julia saw an image from his mind of them kissing and he thought,

I will baby.

Julia's heart filled with the hope of seeing her son again. Her mind went over and over the image Light Rider had given them of him and his family and her son playing video games as she finished eating. Then she stood up and Andrew looked at her. He smiled and thought. 

You are one stunning woman.

Julia blushed, not long ago, she had also lost hope of ever meeting someone who would even consider a relationship with her while she had been so broken, but Andrew had been there for her since the moment he had seen her...
She started to leave through the front door and saw the same man sitting at the counter staring at her, smartphone in hand pointed at her.
She turned around.
The man spoke loudly, "Hey Smokey Mountain Angel."
Julia kept walking.
"Julia!" The man called out and Julia turned back toward him. The restaurant suddenly went silent and he said, "Which mountain is the dragon hiding in?"
Julia glanced at the room full of faces. All of their eyes focused on her face. Then some were looking down at their smartphones, at pictures of her and then back up at her. Then as if someone had yelled fire, the whole group stood up at once.
"Julia, will you sign my napkin?"
"Julia! You are so beautiful!"
"Julia!"
"Julia!"
The rush of people bumping up against each other slowed them all down. She stepped through the rear door, exited through the service entrance and jumped in her SUV.
Her engine roared and she pulled the shifter into reverse. As she backed up people began stumbling out of the Waffle House front door. She pushed the shifter in to drive, floored the accelerator and sped past the mob before they could block her escape.

Chapter 25
Method stopped before a large steel door. She typed in her security code then placed her finger against the fingerprint reader.
There was a beep.
Then the hologram of Roger appeared and he said, "Hi method.
Method said, "Hi Roger."
Roger replied, "Voice recognition affirmative."
Then Roger seemed to lean forward, though only his image had enlarged. He said, "Look closely into my eyes."
Method leaned forward, looked Roger in the eyes and then the door clicked. She turned the knob and walked in.
Before her was a large room with paintings of George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and Cicero and behind her was a giant mural of Andrew Jackson and below it, the inscription read Defender of New Orleans. A long table filled the room surrounded mostly by men. They were all dressed in full military uniforms and everyone wore a funny hat that covered their forehead, stretched back over their crown and disappeared under their collar.
A man sitting at the head of the table motion for her to sit next to him. Method continued walking and took her seat.
She nodded respectfully and said, "Gen. 71, special council."
Gen. 71 nodded and said, "You activated the emergency command team. You have all our attention."
Method gave a curt nod and glanced around the table. She saw another general, a commander, two scientist, three billionaires, a few novelist and even one journalist. She had met privately with each person before. This wasn't the first time they had all been in one room. The first time they had met was for introductions. After everyone knew each other and understood why they were each selected for this particular committee they began discussing possible crisis that could arise within the nation, and even the world, where their assistance might be needed.
They had discussed what to do if terrorist were to take out the top leadership of the United States or any of her allies. They made plans to fight mass hysteria in the event of a major biological outbreak. But the most sobering conversation that they ever had was the talk of revolution…
Method adjusted her wristwatch and then tapped on its screen. The hologram of the cave and the space cruiser with the dragon attached to it in a field of blue energy appeared before them. A moment later, a girl descended from the ceiling of the cave and landed in front of the dragon. She seemed to be looking at it and the dragon seemed to be looking at her. It was hard to tell, but it looked like they were communicating.
Then the image changed and the time stamp below the image showed 90 minutes earlier. The hologram was of the control tower, which was cut into the side of the cave, overlooking the spaceship from a distance. From inside of the tower, they could see the whole cave. In front of the window, sat a bank of computers and a dozen operators faced the cave as they steadily worked.
Then one of the operators, a young girl, stood up, turned around and walked to the back of the room. She just stood there facing the back wall. A moment later two other operators stood up, turned around and walked to the back of the room facing the rear wall. Then another man did the same thing. Within moments, everyone but a single young man had stood up, walked to the back of the room and stared at the blank wall.
The last computer operator hadn't noticed what the other operators next to him were doing. His attention had stayed fixed on a disturbance outside the mountain. Something or someone was approaching the most top–secret base in the world from the air. The hologram zoomed in on his computer screen. He was flipping through each special operator's night vision cameras that were guarding the mountain, and calling emergency action codes. Only one out of 100 snipers responded. They were all just looking up at the sky or the rocks. Then, the lone sniper fired at a small unidentified flying object moving into the kill zone.
The loan computer operator shook his head, looked to his left and started speaking, "Can you believe…" He slowly turned his head to the back of the room, saw all his fellow operators standing with their backs to him and said, "What the hell are yall doing!"
Then he looked forward and saw the dragon. Before the dragon was a woman. He whispered to himself, "That looks like the very same operator that's been on television and she's standing in front of the dragon."
The video ended with the young man standing up, and just before he started for the emergency staircase leading down to the cave, he hit the emergency alarm.
Method tapped a button on her wristwatch and the hologram disappeared and a moment of silence passed before she said, "We are dealing with something more powerful and more complex then we first thought."
The people in the room remained silent as they glanced at each other and then back at Method. Method continued, "We know that the space cruiser had a commander. We know that this creature is that commanders captive. We also know that our operator, the woman we tried so very hard to hide is somehow connected to the appearance of this spaceship and our friend."
Gen. 71 said, "So this is why we're all wearing these stupid hats."
Method swallowed and nodded as she said, "These silly hats are the only thing protecting us from whatever is able to control 99 highly trained snipers and 11 top security computer operators."
Gen. 71 said, "But what about that other operator. How did he avoid being, I don't know manipulated, hypnotized."
Method nodded. She said, "I wish I knew. I suspect everyone from the commander of this base down to the janitors is somehow being manipulated–"
"Manipulated by who," Gen. 71 asked?
Method tapped her wristwatch again and the image of the Dragon looking at Julia filled the space above the center of the table.
Gen. 71 said, "So you think our friend is somehow manipulating all these people."
Method raised her eyebrows and said, "Permission to execute order 15b."
Gen. 71's eyes went wide. He looked across the table but everyone in the room remained silent. His eyes relaxed and he nodded.
Method stood up and walked to the portrait of Gen. Jackson. With her thumb, she pressed the plaque that said, defender of New Orleans, and the room went dark. A second later, the emergency lights kicked on and a red hue filled the room. Method said, "I not only believe the dragon is capable of manipulating human minds but, either the commander of that ship or both of them are already in our computer networks."
A reporter asked, "What about the girl?"
Method said, "Order 15b will take care of her. Julia is both our target and asset. She will not be harmed."
Gen. 71 asked, "How do we know which of these, the dragon or the ship's commander, is our enemy? How do we know who or why they have infiltrated our systems? Who is on our side?"
Method said, "We can only assume that everyone is compromised. I'm not even sure if these funny hats work or not, however I am sure that one or both of our visitors are capable of destroying everything this organization has been defending for the last 300 years. I don't know if one or both of them are doing this but I do know that I am going to soon find out."

Chapter 26
Julia turned down the road that led to her home. Her mailbox was just ahead and the spectators and cops were gone. The radio was already reporting on the "Angel Sighting," at the local Waffle House.
Her phone buzzed. It was a text from Andrew. It read: 
1:00pm and we are packed. Cars lining up and down the highway, again. Thanks! 
There was a emoticon at the end of the text of a smiley face with its tongue sticking out.
Julia pressed the Speech to Text button and replied to his text: 
You invited me. If you can't stand the heat... JK. Sorry, miss you. Call me tonight, I'm goanna crash–
Julia slammed on her breaks!
The black SUV in front of her suddenly stopped. Julia blew her horn but several men in dark suits opened their rear doors and started for her.
She placed the gear shifter in reverse but another black SUV pulled up behind her. She was ready to run over the man approaching her driver side door in order to escape but he flashed a badge and called her by rank, "Captain Anderson, we are with Air Force intelligence. We are not here to harm you. Please place the vehicle in park and come with us."
Julia didn't know what to do. She waited for Light Reader to say something but he remained silent. Then the moment passed where she could have flown away. She rolled down her window and said, "So you guys know my name and rank after all."
The man frowned and said, "I'm sorry for any inconvenience Captain but I can't answer any questions or comment on your situation."
"You just told me that the Air Force knows who I am and I guess you know where I live."
The man dropped the professional tone and said, "Julia, there is a lot you still don't understand. My CO is ready to give you a full briefing."
"Where is my son?"
"Julia you are in great danger. We know you visited us and our friend last night but what you don't know is that we were attacked soon after you left."
"Who attacked you?" Julia asked.
"We are on High Alert due to the stunt you pulled. The attacker was highly camouflaged. We believe the attack was only a test of our defenses. It just so happened that the back up security inside the ventilation systems you breached had automatically engaged when you left. The ventilation system instantly locked down when a second intruder tried to enter as you had done."
Julia hesitated then asked, "Who is it?"
"We think it was the same one who was holding our friend in the cargo hold."
"Did they make it to," she made air quotes, "Our friend?"
The man bit his lower lip and shook his head no. "I see that you have a lot of questions too. If you come with us, I promise that all your questions have answers. We have a few more questions of our own but this isn't an interrogation. You are a hero, a top–secret hero but a hero. Maybe not so top–secret now but we know your loyalty is with us. Things are happening on a global scale. The UN is preparing for an invasion."
Julia's eyes went wide. This confirmed it, she had sensed an invisible ship above her home and she remembered the story of what Sapen had done to Louis's world.
Did Light Reader find a way to tell the Air Force about the other worlds like Earth?
Julia looked at the man, unlocked her door and the man opened it and asked for her keys. Julia hesitated then gave him the keys and in turn, he handed them to another man waiting behind him. Then he led her to the first SUV's passenger side back seat.
Julia sat in her seat, put her safety belt on and she watched as the man parked her smaller SUV in her drive way, just a few yards ahead and then the SUV behind them picked him up. Then they all started for the mountain where Light Reader was waiting.
The sound of the SUV's tires changed from street to gravel and Julia looked up. Since she had gotten into the SUV she had been going over and over all the things she knew and the men with her had all remained silent.
All her dreams and worst nightmares had been true. Horrors, designed by some AI in a man suit, were happening to whole populations and others like her, on other worlds. And now, it could be starting here.
The driver flashed his lights and a red light in the distance returned his signal. Julia imagined that there were snipers hidden in the field brush all around them. This little tourist town, with all its elaborate attractions, had no idea that the real action was happening right here.
Had they been out here all this time?

"There's a fluctuation in air pressure." The passenger said.
"We're going up a mountain," The man sitting next to Julia said dismissively.
"These readings don't match the previous readings when we descended this mountain."
"I don't have anything on radar," said a voice over the mounted radio.
"Nothing on infrared," said the man in the passenger seat.
Then the trees began to sway and the wind blew faster.
"Are we scheduled for any weather events tonight?" asked the man next to Julia.
"No sir," said the man in the passenger seat.
Julia could hear her heart pounding in her ears. Though the men in the SUV sounded calm, she could feel the tension in the cabin rise. Everyone was on hyper alert.

Julia

Julia looked around then realized that no one had called her name, it was Light Reader. She thought, 
Light Reader, I think we are in trouble.

Julia, I know you have had a hard year and trusting is a difficult thing for you but I will need your complete trust and faith in me.

What's going on? She replied

The hunter has decided to make her move. I can see what is happening through the dozens of humans around you. I told you that there is one more transition you are about to undergo and this is it. The Hunter doesn't' know it but she is about to create the greatest weapon, the only weapon besides me that will defeat her plans to bring Sapen here and end your world as you know it.

What weapon?

You! Light Reader replied.
Julia thought of her son. She could die, but if she kept her world from going through what Louis's world had experienced then her life was worth it.
She thought, 
I'm ready to die.

There was a long pause before Light Reader responded. Let's pray that won't happen but it will be like death and rebirth for you. I know what she has planned for you. She has something we need, and when the time is right, I will take her victory and turn it into sudden defeat. I need to use our connection to erase your memory of me and the inner layout of this mountain. This memory wipe I'm about to do will only slow her. She is very powerful with technology. She cannot know all I am aware of about Sapen, for now. She hasn't had access to her computer since the crash, so I don't think she knows about the new data that downloaded the very moment we crashed. After your transformation, I have a surprise for her.
The wind picked up. The man in the passenger seat said, "I don't see anything but if there is something out there it would be here."
He pointed to something Julia couldn't see and the man sitting next to her said, "All units fire on those coordinates!"
The sound of a motor engaging made Julia turn around and look behind her. Twin gun turrets with rocket launcher rose out of the roof of the SUV behind her.

Julia will you follow my plan?

Julia watched as the machine guns began auto–shooting. She thought, 
No matter what happens to me, you help my son and Andrew get through this. You do whatever it takes Light Reader. Do you promise me?

I give my word.

Julia relaxed and thought, 
What do you want me to do?

Just concentrate on one thing... That's it remember your sons face. Think of every detail you see in your memory.
Gunfire exploded from the mountainside as two rockets launched from the SUV behind them. A green flash lit the sky above them and a beam of light struck the rocket, making it turn and then continued down into the SUV following them. The shockwave from the second rocket exploding above them rocked the SUV Julia was in. A split second later, the SUV behind them exploded in a ball of green and orange fire!
Julia heard nothing as her mind drifted into darkness.
A grating voice, like that of an elder woman said, "Boys, you have something I have been stalking for a long time now."
Bullets from snipers hidden in the hillside struck the empty space above and to the left of the SUV. Other tracer rounds ricocheted in angles above them. A quick burst of green light from the empty space sent more than a dozen Laser beams into the mountainside and all at once, the gunfire stopped…
Then the SUV's engine cut off and the breaks locked down. Everyone's safety belts snapped as they flew forward by the sudden loss of momentum!
Julia's eyes opened. She looked around. A sense of panic began to take over. She didn't know where she was or how she had gotten here.
The three men in the SUV with her all pulled out their side arms. The man next to Julia said, "Julia we will not give you over!"
"Oh, you better hand her over. One way or another she is coming with me," said the woman over the radio.
Julia's mind felt numb as it raced to catch up. She didn't know what was going on. She remembered eating breakfast with Andrew and having to leave. Then she remembered being pulled over, the man next to her had said something about the mountain. She had chosen to go with these people but she didn't know why.
The SUV's engine started again and they began rolling forward.
"Why are we moving again?" asked the man next to Julia.
"I'm in control of your vehicle. Give me the angel and I'll let you three live," said the woman with the strange voice.
"We are not giving you, or anyone else Julia!" the man next to her said.
Julia felt courage in his words even as she wondered why they referred to her as an angel. Her memory was a patchwork of confusing ideas and images. She didn't know why but she was sure the woman was talking about her and this man was ready to die for her. Julia said, "I'll go with her. I don't want you dying for me." She tried to recall what was so important about her that would cause three men to give their lives for her.
"You should listen to her," said the woman over the radio.
"We are soldiers," The man next to Julia said as he gave hand signals to the person in the front seat.
The man in the front seat tapped on something in his lap and put up three fingers.
The man next to Julia nodded and said, "All right lady, perhaps we can work something out. Just stop the vehicle and we will come out with our hands up."
"I'm past your delay tactics. I respect your courage and my master would be very– disappointed if I operated inefficiently with his assets. Your deaths will be counted as necessary."
"The SUV sped up the hill but it didn't turn with the road. Julia screamed as they flew off the side of the mountain. She felt weightless and then a blue light surrounded the SUV. The engine died and the power went out.
Julia looked out the window and saw that they were hanging in midair. There was something familiar about that light. It looked like something out of Star Trek.
Julia looked up. A black wedged ship, a little bigger than their SUV uncloaked. A long hose with tentacles dropped from the rear of the ship, tore Julia's door off, and tossed it into the forest below. Cool mountain air rushed in as they tried to pull Julia away from the door. Shots rang loudly from inside the cabin but the bullets bounced off the tentacles. The tip of one arm opened and shot three darts, one for each man and they instantly collapsed. Then the separate tentacles folded into one arm and turned its attention on Julia.
A flash of light came from the mountainside and Julia turned to see a missile streaking towards the ship above her.
Julia kicked at the probing arm but it twisted as it shot toward her like a snake and wrapped itself around her body.
The humming sound from the blue light changed as the SUV tilted, so that Julia's door faced upward. Julia pushed against the tightening arm around her abdomen and saw that one of the guns the men had dropped had lodged in–between the headrest and seatback. She strained as she leaned forward but the gun was just out of reach. Then the blue light surrounding the vehicle vanished. For one moment, the SUV seemed to float above the mountain. Julia breathed out all the air from her lungs, she stretched forward again and her fingers gripped the handle of the gun, and the SUV dropped.
Julia cried out as she watched the three men, still asleep in the SUV fall. She quickly tucked the gun under her armpit as the tentacles retracted, pulling her inside the rear of the ship and held her to the floor. The ship made a sharp move to her left. Seconds later, she heard a distant explosion followed by the sound of a missile passing just outside the door.
Then she flinched at a stinging sensation in her neck and she knew no more.

Chapter 27
Julia awoke with a headache. She was glad that it was dark and cool. Then she wondered if the fire in the fireplace had died out but the floor felt odd. It was too hard and too smooth...
The feeling that something horrible had happened to her crept into her mind and then her heart began to race. She tried to sit up but something held her down. She was about to call out when the sound of a door sliding open came from behind her and light filled the small room.
The whole room tilted and she realized that she was strapped to a metal table hovering a few feet above the floor. The table had moved.
A voice she barely recognized said in a raspy tone, "Don't worry Julia, my little angel, the effects of the drug I gave you will clear in a moment. I want you to feel everything I'm about to do to you."
From the shadow emerged the feminine form of a beast. The creature looked beautiful with short purple hair that covered most of her body. The purple hair was so dark and shiny it almost looked black. Upon its shoulders set the head of a Jaguar. The mask looked so perfect that Julia's heart jumped with fear. Glowing white spots highlighted her hourglass form from the curve of her breasts to the bend of her hips. Pink skin revealed her perfectly shaped breast, narrowed and then stretched down her belly to the top of her vagina.
She smiled and Julia inhaled sharply as she watched what she had thought was a mask became fully animated. This creature was not wearing a suit and she suddenly remembered hearing the voice over the radio that said, "I'm going to make you a real angel."
The memory of what had happened to her in the SUV returned. She pulled the pistol out from under her armpit and shot her directly in the chest.
The cat woman took a step back as the bullet passed through her body. The woman looked at the gun and raised her eyebrows. She said, "That was an odd sensation, I haven't allowed myself to be shot in a while."
Julia said, "Good! You can feel it again."
She fired three more times, keeping her shots in a tight group but the woman only flinched as each bullet passed through her.
"That wasn't nice," the woman said with a mock frown.
Julia fired again but this time the woman disappeared. The ringing in Julia's ears hurt as she wondered what had happened to Cat lady.

Maybe she's dead on the floor.

Julia tried to lift her head so she could see the floor but a strap was held her head down.
"Looking for me?" said the raspy voice from the other side of the table.
Julia swung her pistol, aiming to blow her cathead off but the woman caught her wrist, twisted the gun in her hand and pulled it free.
The woman said, "The demonstration is over." She looked up at the ceiling and said, "Now strap her arms down to the table."
A transparent spider dropped from the ceiling and Julia screamed, "Get that thing off me!"
The cat woman smiled as the glass spider crawled across Julia's body. The spider looked like flexible glass filled with different colored liquids. One of its legs stabbed her right shoulder and then it hopped over to her left arm and did the same. Both arms went numb and dropped to the table.
"That's better. My name is Martha, Julia."
The spider began weaving a web, starting at the base of her left elbow. It extended its web across her chest ending at her other elbow pinning her upper body to the table. She tried lifting her whole torso but she couldn't move. The web felt strong like the straps holding her head and the rest of her body down. She imagined the spider crawling allover her body when she was unconscious and she began to panic.
Martha said, "Take her clothes off but be careful with the stitching we will need them later."
Julia screamed as the spider sliced through the seams of her clothes then removed each article leaving her naked.
When the spider had finished, Julia's throat hurt but the pain quickly went away. She was out of breath and felt like she was on the edge of insanity.
"I thought you'd enjoy my pet. The intelligence I gathered from your comrades was worth the effort."
Julia turned her head to Martha and said, "What did you do?"
Martha's voice changed from the raspy sound of a woman that should have looked much older to that of a smooth and comforting tone, "A lot has happened over the past year. That space–lightning did a lot of damage." Martha shook her head, "But it had the strange effect of not only hitting my humble ship but also hitting you. It took me months to repair my scout ship." She placed a soothing hand on the ship's wall and then said, "But when I returned to find my cruiser it was missing?"
Martha's face turned dark. The more she thought about her missing ship the more her sharp teeth shown. Her eyes focused on Julia and she smiled. She continued in her casual tone, "So, I did what I do best. I Hunted... I retraced the events that led to my ship being downed and do you know what I found, why I found out about you. My cruiser was gone but you had also disappeared. I thought this to be very curious."
Martha shook her head. "They did a good job hiding you too. Everyone I, uh... talked to have no idea what happened to you. I searched every military base you had entered and, spoke, with your piers but they were all ignorant of where you could be. Then I checked every hospital but apparently, they kept rushing you from one place to another, without bothering to tell anyone where you were going. The doctors and nurses who worked on you missed you and loved you very much Julia. I like that about you.
"Then I found an ambulance driver who remembered something about a girl with a strange scar that stretched the length of her back but when I arrived at the hospital he had taken you too… again you had gone."
Martha touched a panel on the wall and a drawer opened. She reached into it and pulled out a small gold case. She continued, "I lost track of you again. This time an army MP said he gave you his emergency go bag and extra clothes but you vanished. He wasn't even sure why he had given you the bag or clothes. That too was curious...
"Then, like a miracle, I was scanning the news and the internet and wow, The Smokey Mountain Angel just jumped out on every channel. I even saw a video of you telling your boyfriend at Waffle House that there was a dragon in the mountain."
"What do you want Martha?" Julia said as she tried to buy time. She didn't like the box Martha was holding. "And what's up with the name Martha? Who sent you? What made you; Russian scientist?"
Martha smiled, "I wasn't always this perfect. Once, long ago on a world I called Terra or Earth as you say, a world very different from the paradise your people are so rapidly destroying, I was an old woman getting ready to die of kidney failure. That's when my master came and recognized my world. He too was searching for someone like you and he had a few experiments he had to run but once the rebels were converted, he took me. He liked my attitude, upgraded my nano's and programmed me as a Hunter to find certain kinds of targets. I had to find a single target on each Earth who'd been struck by lightning. Many people are struck by lightning but we need only one person from each Earth who fits the High Lord's experimental criteria. So far they have all been men, until now."
Julia thought about the scar on her back.
Could this be what happened to me?
She said, "I don't know your High Lord."
"Perhaps not but the circumstances surrounding you tells me a different story." She opened the gold box and with two fingers, she presented a golden pill. "After we have this inside you, I will know the truth. Unfortunately, if you are not the one, I will have to terminate all the nanos. That's not good for you. These little guys were designed by the High Lord for your type alone."
Martha looked at the pill and sighed. "I wish I was worthy of this gift. They are the strongest, best networked meta–nanos I've ever seen."
Julia didn't want the nanos. The idea was beyond anything she had heard of. Some of her military gear had been call nano–materials but it just made her electronics work underwater and her clothes resist stains... However, if these things were somehow stronger than what this woman was using, and if she had no choice but to take them perhaps she could use them to escape."
Martha smiled, "Of course I have the off switch. The High Lord would only allow me to give you this instead of him giving them to you if extreme circumstances called for it. Considering what I am about to do to this world, I think it's best I preserve you and place you under my total control." She looked Julia in the eyes, "So you want to just take this pill or shall I call my pet spider to inject you with it. What will it be, the easy way or the... very scary way?"
Julia looked away. She was terrified of spiders and this woman knew it. There was only one thing more terrifying than spiders and it was being under someone else's total control. Every fiber of her being would fight to the death to be free and to help others have their freedom.
"Okay," Martha said in her raspy voice as she placed the pill back into the box, "It's going to be the very scary way." Then the spider descended from the ceiling but its legs were now needles filled with a silver liquid. The spider landed on her abdomen. Attached to its rear were long clear strings.
Julia started breathing loudly. She yelled, "Get it off me! Get it off!"
It crawled to her upper thighs and quickly injected both her arteries. 
Julia screamed! The spider jumped and pulled on the string bobbing up and down as it injected her neck, heart, wrist and lower legs.
Within seconds, her vision blurred and then they refocused. A loud humming sound began to vibrate the table and her spine started to get hot.
Martha said, "The nanos are on line. They estimate that the titanium in your body can be combined with our special alloys and used to lace your bones. It's more efficient than removing it from your body. Smile Julia, you're becoming unbreakable."
The vibrating changed pitch and the spider climbed up its string and disappeared into the ceiling. Julia felt every metal rod in her body turn red–hot. A bright yellow light turned on above her and she went blind even as her inner body began to cool.
The metal inside her spine, shoulder arm and leg popped. Julia cried as shattered metal dissolved into her blood stream. The spider descended again but Julia didn't move. She suddenly felt like only her skin was holding her body together. The spider began injecting her again with something that looked like shiny metal.
Her vision began changing. The blobs of bright light changed to static–grey and black. The feeling of tiny bugs swarming the inside of her blood vessels made her scream.
Then she could see what was happening to her from the inside. Billions of tiny spider–like things crawled throughout her blood vessels and entered her glands, nervous system, vital organs and muscles. She trembled as if her body was infested with parasites. Then they bonded the titanium to the shiny liquid metal coursing through her body and they began spinning the new kind of metal, like a web, around and through the hollows of her bones.
Julia's heart pounded and the pain became so intense that she felt lightheaded. She welcomed the blackness to come but instead the pain stopped. She felt them repairing her damaged nerves and in that moment, a thought came. She wondered if this being, this monster could really be her friend.
Does she really mean to help me? Julia shook the thought away.

Hours passed as the spiders inside healed every muscle fiber and then stimulated new growth in damaged ligaments. Her muscle mass increased 20%, fat burned as some was redistributed to exactly where needed. Then the spiders started working on her brain...

Chapter 28
Julia opened her eyes. She wasn't sure how much time had passed but whatever the cat–bitch had been doing to her was over. She tried to get up and the table she had been laying on rose into the air and tipped forward so that she could stand. Martha stepped from the shadows and smiled. She spoke in the grating voice. "You look divine Julia. All the data I'm receiving from you looks perfect. How do you feel?"
Julia thought, 
I feel like I could rip your head off with one hand.

Martha's smile broadened as she shook her head.
That was a nasty thought. I know you didn't mean it; you're not that kind of person.

Julia's eyes widened. She had heard Martha's voice in her head.
We don't need vocal cords to talk to each other anymore. But you still may want to use them for more, primitive activities.

Martha walked around Julia's naked body examining her from the inside, through the nanos, even as she admired her new outward form.
You are a beauty. Later I will show you how to alter your body. You should be able to do it a lot better than I can but somehow, unlike me, I doubt you will want to change from… this.

Julia thought, 
Where is your High Lord?

So, you want to know about the High Lord. He is fair and just. I will receive level eight upgrades to my system when I bring you in, there might even be a level nine for bringing him the dragon.
A black ship appeared in her vision. Julia saw the image of a green and orange dragon surrounded by a blue light inside a large cargo bay. The ship looked exactly like this one but it was the size of a small oil tanker.
I will tell you more about the High Lord later. I have some questions of my own. I know you are the one I am looking for. Even though you couldn't remember it, until now, there was someone very important who visited you when the lightning struck you. That person gave you something but I see that someone, perhaps that dragon, has somehow blocked it from even your deepest memories. The golden spiders in your body found fragments, bits of memory like lost dreams but someone meticulously disconnected those neurons and scattered them randomly throughout your body. Even the High Lord can't do this.

Julia saw a flash of light, fragments of memory– a glowing man hovering over her but nothing made since.
Martha walked close to Julia and asked out aloud, "How is it that you can fly?"
Julia blinked. She said, "I can fly?"
Martha rolled her eyes.
I would have beaten you until you couldn't speak if I thought you were lying to me but, as you know that is impossible now.
Martha turned and walked in circles in silence. Julia couldn't see what she was thinking. Then Martha stopped in front of her and thought.
The dragon only has three days. I guess I'll have to continue, but I need to improvise.

Then Julia saw the image of a floating crystal sphere with two very large diamonds, one hovering above and the other one just below, as if frozen in orbit around its center sphere. The crystal sphere glowed soft blue and although she couldn't hear anything, she could feel it humming.
Martha thought,
I need that. It is located inside my larger ship. I know the dragon is in the mountain but I don't know where. I need you to get this device for me. When you see my ship, you will begin searching for it. Once it is located, you will activate my ship's outer defenses and it will kill everyone, except you and the dragon. Then you will raise the large blast door and I will take care of the rest.

Julia replied,
I am not your agent. I will not betray my country.

You are my puppet. Your life as you knew it is over. Until you submit willingly, you will not experience the full glory of what you have become. Don't be so ungrateful.
Julia lifted her right arm and then dropped it but she hadn't made it move.
I can make you stand on one leg. I can make your eyes cry. I can make you feel pain, pain like you've never felt before. I can also make you feel pleasure Julia. I control the program that controls the spiders inside you. So, my highest program for you is that you take care of yourself and my captive dragon, the rest of this is secondary.

"But who am I?" Julia asked aloud.
Then, in her mind, Martha showed her the videos from when she had hacked top–secret Air Force computer files. Then she showed her footage of what happened the day of her accident and hospital photos of the scar she had gotten from the computer exploding next to her. Lightning had struck her but the lightning, when zoomed in on, showed stars and galaxies inside the glowing bolt. A man from the lightning had visited her, just for a moment but then, in a flash, he was gone.
I will not spoil the surprise the High Lord has for you. Just know that one of you invented a machine that made all this possible. Others like you have accelerated the mutations that our golden pills can do to organic matter, while another one of you, the most annoying and gifted of your type, is the very one who's slipping through the multi–universe like some bringer of the light. If you only knew the trouble he's caused us… He's the one you saw in the lightning.

Martha paused and shook her head,
Oh, the things you know that you don't know Julia... Saying who you are is a bit complicated for one story. That is why I have preserved you for the High Lord. You are the only thing more valuable to my master than even my magical cargo still trapped on my ship… I wonder how intelligent that dragon really is?
Martha paused and her mind went dark to Julia. Then Martha thought,
You were exceptionally hard to find. All traces of your existence erased. It never took me this long to find you; or rather, the others like you. I took your commanding officers, your comrades your...

Julia screamed, "You took my son!"
Martha looked at her for a long moment then shook her head,
No. I had a son once. Julia saw Martha at her son’s funeral. He died in a war much like the one you were fighting in. It didn't end well for anyone.
"I fought for freedom!" Julia said.
Now you and I both know that is not what you truly believe. You wanted to believe it. You tell yourself that every time you think of those you killed but... Well, it's not my place to reveal The Plan. Let's just say it was a war for power over people. My son lost his life for the control of energy and thru it power over people. After the High Lord comes, and your world is saved, the people are in control of themselves and the wars end.

I'm sorry for your loss. Julia said as she thought of her son.
Martha's face turned dark. That was a long time ago. Funny how just a thought can bring back very human emotions. 
Then Julia could feel Martha's adrenal glands beginning to pump and suddenly they stopped.
Why, I never get very angry anymore. I have programs for that.
Then Martha said aloud, "See there, very efficient. I still feel for my son but it doesn't drive me crazy like it used to."
Does your High Lord not allow you emotions?

Martha's voice became smooth again as she said, "As you just saw, I have emotions but they are regulated. Extreme emotions tend to slow down our important work. Emotions are good motivators. They remind us of what we once were and how truly great we are now. After the High Lord came to my world and implemented a successful cleansing program, there were no more wars. No more mothers had to hear that their sons were killed on some far away battle field so some rich man can feel powerful." Then she leaned in close to her and said, "My deep scan of your memories has just arrived. It shows me what I have suspected. Some of your memories have been blocked... "
Martha glanced away from Julia, smiled and then looked back at her,
Manipulating human ideas and memories is what we do best. Don't worry I'll get your memories back…

Julia tried to think of what she had forgotten and realized how foolish that thought was but instantly her mind raced through her memories and began listing a string of events, down to the second in some instances then to nano–seconds. Even her dreams had been accounted for. The length of time didn't fit the standard model. Her perception of time varied by how many things happened within a moment. Moments were broken into intervals of awareness. The tiny AIs found several odd conversations she had had with herself and others that existed without audio. Several gaps, where strings of thoughts had been interrupted, pointed to artificial manipulation.
She didn't remember getting out of the hospital bed and boarding the Greyhound bus but her brain had recorded what had happened. Another window opened in her vision showing her real–time thoughts as seen on a clock and every chronological event compared to that time line. Her memory had skipped from time to time but never when the earthquakes came. Most interesting was the fact that she could remember reading news stories about the girl who could fly. She knew that it was her who the reporters were talking about, but until now, it hadn't crossed her mind that she really was the Smokey Mountain Angel.
Martha's voice returned to her raspy sound. She said, "Those little buggers are useful, aren't they. You're even showing me things my analysis program missed. Your mind has been tampered with and that frustrates me. I like to be the one to mess with people's minds. Whoever did this was good but I may have a way around it..."

Chapter 29
Julia awoke in her bathtub. She rubbed her eyes and yawned. The warm water started to feel cool, so she turned the hot water knob on with her right foot. Cold water poured for a long moment and then it became warm and then hot. She was so happy that her new friends had fixed her house. Flashes from memories of the town's people fixing the water heater, windows and even of them building a greenhouse came to her mind.
She turned the hot water off with her toes and listened to the last of the water in the faucet dripping. Then all was silent... Something was missing; she could feel it in her bones. Something in her spirit wouldn't relax. It was like an itch in her brain that she couldn't scratch and then she thought of her son. With all the attention she had gotten from the TV interviews, she was hopeful that someone would call the police with a useful tip.
A few minutes later, she got out of the bathtub and walked into the living room. She looked at the clock and it read 5:30 AM. Julia's skin began to crawl and she flinched when the heater noisily kicked on.
How can it be 5:30 AM and my bathwater was still warm, she thought to herself.

She found her new clothes hanging in the closet. As she dressed, her mind relaxed as her body felt the soft fabrics slide across her skin. She remembered how abrasive that army uniform felt against her bare skin as she had walked to town and back again that first day.
Then she looked out the window and saw the valley below. A thick fog had settled in among the mountains and hills. She thought of how the rising sun could turn those clouds away from their usual gray to a soft pink and crown the mountains in light. Then the strange feeling that something really is wrong came over her again.
She began searching her whole house. She looked in her son's room first, went up into the bonus room and then outside into the garden but everything looked normal. She checked her phone but her messages were empty and she had not received any new text from Andrew. Still something wasn't right.
She remembered that she was going to start early training at her new job today. She checked the time again, saw that she had time to eat and then she went into the kitchen.
The earth began to shake.
This time there were multiple trimmers, as if the mining company had set off a succession of explosives. The conversation between Frank and Jerry about the government dropping some spaceship into the mountain came to her mind and she laughed to herself. Then she made breakfast and drank a cup of coffee.
After a couple hours of cleaning house, she walked outside and found her little SUV parked near the main road next to her mailbox. She couldn't recall parking it there but she was in a hurry so she climbed inside and drove to her new job at Applebee's.
The manager, David, opened the front door and let her in. He had a big smile on his face when he said, "Hi Julia. I didn't think you would show up today."
Julia shook her head and sighed, "I may be famous but I still need a job."
"Everyone's talking about a book deal. We hope you get one and of course we hope you find your son," David said. Then he handed her an apron, a ticket book and a computer access card, and had her watch videos about workplace violence and harassment...
When she was done, David returned looking a little frustrated. He said, "Everyone's afraid that you're going to attract crowds like what happened at the Waffle House. Would you mind working in the back of the house, for now. I don't have enough staff to cover thousands of people at the same time."
Julia nodded and smiled. She said, "I understand. I don't want to attract that kind of attention either. What do you want me to do?"
David brought her to the computer. He said, "I'll show you how to take an order and read the computers when orders come to the back of the house. You'll be our floater. I'll have to pay you by the hour but I think we can make it work." He paused and looked around. No one was near them. He whispered, "My wife still cries every time I come home safe. You are the reason most of us are still here." Then he took a deep breath and started showing her the computer program's ins and outs.
After a few minutes of training on the computers, Julia said, "I think I can access the menu's sub–actions faster if the system was slightly modified."
David listened as she explained the basics of what she wanted to do and then she asked if she could try it. He bit his lower lip, closed his eyes then nodded. Within moments, Julia showed him that the computer could input and order faster by having micro–options on a side menu for the servers to select when inputting an order.
David had no idea what she was talking about but he waved his hand and she got started. She rooted the program and corrected several input methods. She could tell David was getting nervous from what she was doing, so she went faster. A minute later, she rebooted the system and called one of the servers over to the computer. The young man was not one of the people who had been there when she had stopped the robbers but he still acted nervous around her. Julia said, "Now swipe your card and give me the sizzling special, rare with the garlic rub not the red pepper, no cheese on my mashed potatoes and no salt, add a salad with eggs instead of bacon, hold the cheese crumbles and give me a Shirley Temple with extra cherries but put it in a fishbowl glass."
The server opened his mouth, looked at David, then down at the computer and swiped his card. That kind of order would normally take a while to input and often the computer would simply crash or give an error message because of the many modifiers. But it only took seconds for him to input the order and when he was done, he smiled and shook his head.
David said nothing, patted the server on the shoulder, then brought her to the back of the kitchen and handed her a knife. He told her to start chopping celery, broccoli, carrots and lettuce then left her to finish the morning prep work.
Julia felt a connection to the knife in her hand like never before. She knew its exact weight and at which angle to cut the vegetables perfectly. Then she started. Her mind felt pure as she began chopping and sliding the cut veggies into the plastic bags and then tagging them.
A few minutes later, David walked back through the kitchen and stopped. He said, "Wow, done already. It looks like someone helped you; good."
Julia sat her knife down and slowly shook her head. She said, "I think they are staying clear of me."
"But how?"
The bartender interrupted, "David!– Donna, Nick and James just called out." Her eyes flicked towards Julia then back to David, "And I don't know what happened to the computers but they are so much faster to use now."
David looked at Julia and blinked.
Julia said, "I could wear a hat or something."
David stared at all the bagged vegetables– each one labeled and stacked neatly on the table. He took a breath and said, "It looks like we need you on the floor after all." He looked at her hair and said, "Can you put it in a ponytail and wear glasses or shades. I'll give you a hat and you'll be assigned to section 1. That's the one farthest from the front door and it's hardest for others to see who you are."
Julia smiled and said, "Okay, let's do this."
Ten minutes later, she was standing in front of her first table. An elderly couple sat before her but they had trouble selecting what they wanted. Julia pointed at the menu and described each item on the list, exactly as the training video had shown her. The precise reiteration startled Julia. She even inhaled and exhaled in exactly the same way the girl had done in the video.
The woman looked Julia in the eyes and said, "Thank you, that's a perfect suggestion." She paused and then said, "Young lady, you look very familiar. It's hard to see you with those glasses on."
Julia's hands unconsciously went to her face but she stopped herself from taking off the glasses. Her eyes had adjusted to the dark. She had forgotten she was wearing glasses as she looked around the room. Everything looked very clear and bright. She said, "I get that a lot. Now do you want that stake cooked medium or medium rare?"
The lady looked back down at her menu and said, "Medium."
Julia took the couples menus, thanked them and went to the next table...
An hour later, the lunch crowd began pouring in. Julia's section filled within minutes and then she started taking tables from other sections too.
David walked up to Julia as she input her order into the computer. He said, "You don't get tired. You've memorized the menu and you've reprogrammed the computers. If I didn't know you could fly, I wouldn't believe you'd done all this."
Julia smiled and started to take the compliment lightly but she paused. She had been full of energy– racing from table to table– taking orders and dodging questions about who she was.
"How am I doing this?" Julia said to herself.
And then she held her breath. She hadn't heard her bones popping or any clicking when she bent or twisted… She hadn't once used the body curving method that allowed her to float and fly. She had been walking and lifting trays full of food without the special twisting that she needed in order to activate her flying ability.
Julia looked at her ticket book. She'd memorized every order; her ticket book was empty... There wasn't a single note in the book. She had 15 tables, 10 more tables than any other server, and several people had made special requests that normally would have disrupted her routine. Rather than being slowed down, she found that she had a small window of time before the kitchen finished preparing her guest's food and the bartender hadn't completed making her drinks.
She walked outside the rear door and started to change her body's posture so she could fly but then she stopped and just jumped... She nearly landed on the roof but her momentum kept her going higher and higher, passing over the privacy fence and she landed on the other side of the building in the parking lot. She turned around to see a group of stunned customers staring at her through the restaurant's side window. Julia gave a quick smile, fixed her hair and ran back to the rear entrance faster than she could have if she would have been in a car.
A cook opened the rear door after a few buzzes and she walked back into the restaurant, returned to the kitchen and started running food again.
Her mind buzzed. She was scared, excited and in a state of shock at the changes in her body. Minutes pass as she thought about all that had happened over the past few days. Everything was unusual but she wondered if the foam treatment had taken on new characteristics.
Then, with a large tray filled with two table's orders, she maneuvered past a group of servers that were just standing around talking to each other and she realized that she was daydreaming about Andrew and finding her son…
She paused and looked around the room. She had been taking orders, inputting a dozen of those orders into the server computer, making drinks, getting ice for the drink station, running food and she hadn't even thought about it.
From super soldier to super server.
A lady called for her attention and Julia shook off the thought and got back to work; she'd figure out what was happening after her shift.
After the lunch pop, David made her lunch himself but remained silent when she thanked him but his silence made her notice that not one of the other servers had said a word to her the whole time.
When she finished eating, she cashed out; she'd made $130 more than the other servers had. She thanked David for the job again but David had only remained quiet as she removed her apron and headed for the rear exit.
Then David stopped her at the door. He said, "Julia, your scar is missing."
Julia's eyebrows narrowed as she tried to understand what he was saying.
"After you returned from that quick break you had earlier, your shirt was untucked and well when I saw you lifting those two large ice buckets I just stared at you and then I noticed that your shirt had exposed your lower back. The scar you showed us at the interview is gone." His voice became low as suspicion colored his tone, "Was it a real scar?"
Julia's hand automatically went to the back of her neck. She didn't feel the raised scar tissue. Her hand dropped to her lower back and she felt smooth, perfect skin. Her mouth opened to say something but she had no answers.
David said, "I don't think you should–"
Julia walked out the back door before he could finish his sentence, afraid of what he was about to say. She drove to the Air force recruitment office but a "Closed" sign hung on the door. In the corner of her eyes, she saw a shadow in the back seat, but when she turned, there was nothing there.
What are you seeing Jules? What's going on with you girl?
She sat in her car in the parking lot, in front of the Air force office and she pulled out her phone and called Detective Singer. When he answered she asked, "Is there any more information on my son?"
She could hear tension in his quiet breathing. After a moment passed, Julia asked again, "What's going on. I'm..."
"Are you okay Julia?"
"I've got this feeling. Something's… not right with me?"
"Don't say anything more about this over the phone. I found some information on you."
Julia's heart quickened then, just as quickly, it calmed.
Detective Singer said, "I searched your high school records and found where you had graduated, top of your class, and I found when you joined the Air Force with two of your classmates but they've gone missing too. It was through researching them that I found evidence that you had joined with them."
"Okay, so what about my boy?"
"Nothing more on Noah but there is a growing trail to the Air Force and they're keeping quiet."
Julia said, "I don't understand why they'd keep this secret; it shouldn't be a secret that I was in the Air Force. Why is it so important to them that my identity remain hidden?"
"Don't worry, after being lied to by the recruitment office about your enlistment, I called in the FBI. They will get to the bottom of this."
"Thanks Mr. Singer, so much is going on right now."
"I guess that since you're the first girl to fly without an engine attached to you somewhere, it's causing some people problems."
"No, it's more than that." Julia replied, "Something is happening to me, something more than being able to fly."
Singer was silent again. Then he said, "Why don't we have lunch tomorrow. We can meet at the same place and you can tell me what's up."
"Thanks, I'll see you tomorrow at noon." She hung up the phone and looked at the Recruitment Office.

I knew it wouldn't be long until the truth came out.

She started driving home and the road began to rumble. She looked up at the mountain and her stomach began to growl. In a deep voice, she said, "Stay calm Julia, something important is about to happen."
For a moment, she thought she had heard someone else say those words but then she realized that the voice had been her own. Suddenly a swarm of black SUVs surrounded her forcing her to pull over.
She watched, as if in slow motion, as a man dressed in a black suit and a strange blue and silver skullcap approached her. She locked her doors but they immediately came unlocked. The man jerked the door open, leveled a tranquilizer gun at her chest and fired. Julia pulled on the seat lever and she lay back. She caught the dart between two fingers, threw it at the man and released her safety belt.
By the time she was out of her SUV, the man lay on the ground unconscious.
Several other men rushed in from all around her but she pushed the first one away and dodged a strike from another. Another man fired his stun gun but Julia caught the electrical barb, felt the jolt of electricity as she jammed the needles into the face of another attacker. She released the wire and the man's head jerked and fell to the ground. 
She heard another stun gun fire from behind her but her attention stayed focused on a woman dressed in a dark blue business suit, wearing the same skullcap as all the other men that had just exited the SUV in front of her. Without looking, her left hand reached behind her and caught the dart just before it struck her neck and she returned it to its sender.
Julia checked the woman approaching her for weapons and somehow knew that she had at least 10 hidden on her body. Another man was advancing from behind, so she jumped into the air before he could touch her.
She knew she could fly but it felt like the first time doing it. She imagined a ball of energy above her head, rose high into the sky and then started changing direction.
Then the woman's voice caught her attention, "Captain Anderson, please come with us. I am sorry for the actions of these men but they were only trying to protect you and themselves."
Julia stopped in midair and looked down at the woman. The woman waved to the other men that were standing next to her with stun guns drawn. She said, "Lower your weapons," and the men did as commanded.
Julia hovered in the air and asked, "Who are you and what the hell is going on?"
"I'm Method and I am with the US military. My rank is not important but what is important is that you need our protection."
Julia looked down at the half dozen men she had defeated in empty hand combat and was about to say something when Method said, "I can bring you to your son."
Julia lowered herself to the ground but stayed near her SUV.
Method said, "I can take you to him now if you will leave with us now."
Julia detected something desperate in her voice. The woman glanced up and at the trees and then back at Julia.
Julia said, "I will not be your prisoner. I have people waiting to meet with me. I will not just disappear like the others have."
"We know Julia. Now please, we need to go now."
Julia lowered herself all the way to the ground, side stepped a few men then joined Method in the back of her SUV. An older man, wearing the same funny skullcaps as everyone else, waited in the front passenger seat and when she sat down, he said, "So you just went home and then you went to work?"
Julia looked at Method but the woman said nothing. She said, "Yes, I went home and then started my new job since you guys won't give me back the money that I earned."
The older man's eyes flashed as he looked at Method. She tapped on her watch and said, "All your funds plus another signing bonus and the money you spent to buy back your home has been returned to your account. That's over $900,000.00"
Julia looked at Method then at the old man. The old man said, "I thought it would protect you. You were supposed to be in the hospital anyway. No one thought you were going to need all that money in your condition besides, it's easy to track bank transactions."
Julia frowned but Method spoke before she could get too upset, "We will be doing things my way from now on, right General Troy?"
"We have an agreement," General Troy said.
Method said, "After you disappeared from the hospital we didn't know where you had gone. Then you showed up on the news."
The old man interrupted, "What the hell happened to you last night?
The SUV stopped just before the Mining office. Flashes of memory came to her about coming here for a job. She recalled everything she knew about this place in such perfect detail that the memory startled her.
Julia said, "I don't know what you're talking about. I woke up this morning..." She remembered the warm water in the bathtub and the strange day she had had at work. She said, "I don't know, something's very different."
Method stepped out of the SUV, motioned for Julia to follow and said, "I'll meet you in briefing room 33 General."
The old man huffed, waved to the driver and they continued on the road around the mountain. 
Julia remembered walking up here the night after she had learned to fly. She had so desperately wanted a good job, so she could get her driver's license and start a normal life. Now she had all the money she would ever need to move forward and her son was somewhere nearby. 
She paused, as if a program had just made her stop. She took in her surroundings. Something important, something very important was about to happen.

Chapter 30
Method waved her hand and the trailer door opened by itself. Julia could hear the tiny sounds from the door's hydraulics engaging and then locking. She followed Method in and looked around. The space was clean and the air was fresh. The paintings on the wall were still dust free but otherwise the trailer was empty.
Method touched her watch, the door closed, and the trailer started moving toward the mountain. Julia could hear the sound of the trailer sliding on rails. Then the light from the window in the door went dark. A red emergency light turned on above the front door and the room turned red.
Julia suddenly felt lightheaded. She leaned against the wall. She could feel the trailer rolling deeper inside the mountain. Then the trailer started shaking violently. Rocks fell on the roof and then the rumbling stopped and she heard a growling voice from inside her say, 
The Hunter is here.

Julia whispered, "The Hunter is here."
Method turned quickly and looked at her. She said, "Do you know who the Hunter is?
Julia shook her head, "I just heard that."
"You heard what. I didn't hear anything but the mountain shaking– ," Method said but then she nodded slowly. She said, "The Hunter took you last night, do you remember that. He has taken your whole command line and all the other operators on your team. What happened to you?"
Julia strained to remember but her mind went blank. She asked, "Where is my son?"
"Not long after your accident we started losing a lot of people associated with you. The General took your son to protect him from the Hunter… What happened to you? How is it that you can walk? I don't see you using that strange bending thing, very clever to make it look like you could walk by the way but you seem fully healed now."
Julia asked, "How is it that I can fly?
Method said, "I don't know... there is only one other we think can... fly like that. But we have other concerns." Method's eyes flared then relaxed. She touched another button on her watch, the other pictures on the wall flickered and a video began playing. It showed a large man with blond hair, very handsome, sitting on a thrown. The next clip showed him jumping down out of his mother ship and offering the people waiting below a golden pill.
Method said, "You're not the only person able to move as fast as you did when we tried to take you in earlier."
Julia recognized the pill but she couldn't recall where she had seen it. She said, "The High Lord Sapen."
Method stared at Julia for a long moment then the video sped up and the Earth fell under the man's control, but at the end of the video, half the world turned into mindless beings tearing and biting one another.
"We think that everyone was lost, the video ends with a boy fighting some monster in the swamps…" Method said, "We recently down loaded this and much more data from a crashed space ship we recovered. There was a pilot but he escaped in a smaller craft when we arrived."
Julia spoke before she understood what she was saying, "That wasn't all you found in that ship."
Method nodded as she continued narrating the video on the screens all around her. She said, "We'll get to that. The Hunter returned to the crash site a few months after we had cleared and sterilized the landing site. We tried to capture it but it killed everyone who attacked it then vanished. It has some kind of cloaking device. After that, everyone connected to you started going missing; we hid you in hospital after hospital for months. The creature we found inside the spaceship was also very weak and injured."
Then Julia felt the dragon. She could feel power radiating from deeper within the cave. Tactile sensations flooded her senses as memories of smelling pine and seeing… Julia looked Method in the eyes, "You have an orange and green dragon being held in a blue energy field down here!"
Method licked her lips and continued, "We tried to feed it but it wouldn't eat anything. It did drink water."
Julia said, "He requires sunlight to fully regenerate."
Method asked, "How do you know this?"
Julia looked confused. She said, "I'm not sure. I can remember things but I don't know where– the memories are new," Julia shook her head, "thoughts just appear. I just knew it when I spoke."
Method said, "I think the dragon can only manipulate some people while they are awake and others while they dream. You just confirmed that he communicates through advanced control methods but by what means... We are not sure what this means for us but the link between him and you is very strong. It's been that way from the beginning, hasn't it?"
Julia just shook her head. She felt stunned and at the same time, she knew all this was true.
"I think that it is a good sign for all of us that he chose to help you Julia. If he is your friend then maybe I have my answer." Then she spoke into her watch, "Partially open the new skylight above the dragon. Stage one."
A voice replied, "Only 20%."
"Yes and stay back," Method said, "I think the dragon is very intelligent. I don't think it will harm us but we must be careful– the other one is near."
The train stopped and Method stepped off. Julia followed but paused; she thought she saw a shadow move behind her.
"Your son is this way Julia."
Julia looked away from the mining office and walked to the end of the hallway. The hallway was made of reinforced steel. Bright light reflected off the walls as echoes from their footfalls filled the empty spaces. Julia's heart pounded. She was about to explode with excitement. She passed several doors, turned the corner and saw Method at the end of the hallway standing next to a door waiting for her to hurry up.
Julia stopped. The door next to Method started to open and Julia's heart skipped a beat. Method said, "I'm sorry it took so long for you to see each other again. I personally watched over him for you."
The door opened completely and a little head poked out facing away from Julia and looked up at Method. Julia couldn't breathe as the boy reached out for a hug. Method squatted, gave him a quick hug and Julia heard her whisper in his ear, "Your mommy is here."
Noah turned around slowly. His big brown eyes were wide and his mouth was frozen in an O shape and then spread into a big grin. He yelled, "Mommy!"
Noah started running. Julia began crying as she flew down the hallway, scooped Noah up in her arms and spun him around, hugging and kissing him, "Oh I love you baby. Mommy loves you, loves you, loves you!"
All the pain, all the hardship and endless walking, all the drugs and even surviving a war were worth this moment for her. The damn she had held back since the moment she had gotten off the Greyhound bus gushed. She couldn't and didn't want to hold back what she was feeling. Holding him, seeing him alive and well was the meaning of life.
"I missed you so much mommy!" Noah said, wiped her tears away and asked, "Why are you crying mommy?"
Julia laughed and said, "I am so happy to see you... and where is your dad?"
Rand walked into the hallway and looked at her. She could see a storm of emotions going through him. Julia wondered what reason they gave him for being locked up down here for so long.
"I missed you mommy. I've been playing all kinds of games. Come in my room." Noah pulled away from her and Julia lowered him to the ground and set him on his feet. Noah wouldn't let go of her hand as he pulled her inside the room. He continued, "There's a pool down the hallway and a playroom and, here is my video games," He waved a hand at the bed, "This is where daddy and I sleep and the bathroom is over here, it has a big bath inside. You want to see it mommy?"
Rand said, "Yes we can tell mommy all about our wonder–stay at Hotel California later." He looked at Method, "Can we leave now?"
"Look mommy, you're on TV again. You're doing it again! How are you flying around the city?" Noah laughed, "That's funny."
Julia looked at the TV. It was footage coming from a car across the street when the General's men had tried to arrest her only minutes ago. The camera changed to a YouTube video of her talking to Andrew. She said, "There's a dragon under the mountain."
Then the footage changed to a group of people gathered at the Waffle House. She saw Andrew, Jerry and Frank. Frank said, "It's time we find out what they've really been doing in that mountain. I don't know what weird experiments they're doing but they ant–goanna hurt Julia."
Julia noticed that Jerry had a rifle on his back and Frank had the Judge strapped to his hip. The sheriff, detective and many other people she knew were all bearing arms. Even Andrew was holding his stake knife in his hand.
Jerry said, "They took Julia up that mountain against her will. What's happened to her is not right."
"They took her son! I bet they have her son in that mountain," said Frank.
"She is a sweet girl and we're not going to let them take her and do God–knows what experiments on her!" Frank shouted.
Then everyone loaded up in their trucks and cars and started for the mountain.
Method shook her head and said, "Shit! Now the whole operation is in jeopardy."
Rand looked at her and then at Method. Julia swiveled her head slightly and said, "Sweet heart, mommy has to take care of a few more things before you can leave but I will be staying here," She looked at Method who nodded as she spoke, "with you until my work is finished."
Rand shook his head and said, "Well, we're going to need two rooms then because I–"
Julia felt her mind unlocking. A flow of strength moved through her body and time seemed to stand still. Happiness, knowledge and power washed through her.
She whispered, "The dragon gift!"
She suddenly remembered all that Light Reader had told her and she felt her body begin to hum. The sound resonated from her belly and grew into the beating of a huge drum. In the drumbeat, she felt a savage energy shaking every structure in her body. The vibrations separated and identified in her what was natural and what was artificial. The light of her awareness looked upon these things and for just a moment her highest self–shown bright as the sun…
Then she could feel and see the cells in her body and, as all her memories began to emerge, she could identify every spider–nano inside her.
There is more to this, there is something more to this– Julia thought.
New memories, all the ones she had from before, poured into her mind.
Then the presence, Light Reader, approached her like an invisible wind rising up the mountainside.
Light Reader said,
They tried using their tiny robots on me too but I confused and reprogrammed them.
In her mind, Julia saw the Hunter and remembered all she had done to her and then she watched Light Reader's memory of when she tried to make him her puppet. None of the spiders could penetrate his scales but they did find a way into his nostrils. From there they injected him from the inside but his anatomy was unfamiliar to their design, however; he knew them.
He had been so weak at that time from trying to escape the dudgeon of the Red Dragons that for a while the tiny machines roamed his body unchecked. Then, as the hours passed, he awoke to their presence but instead of destroying them, he reprogrammed them to feed the Hunter false data.
Julia felt the life force within her quicken, absorb and then augment the frequency the spiders inside her were using to communicate to each other. Using the energy Light Reader had given her in the tea she drank, she searched her body and found the master–nanobot that physically held the code that directed the hive inside her. Using the code, she turned off a second nano that acted as a backup to the first. Then she started tracing the network hierarchy and reset them, first in groups of ten, then 1000s, hundreds of millions and then billions.
Her eyes flicked back and forth, as if in RAM sleep, as a new transmission moved like electricity throughout her body– invading every nano and adding a new line of code to control them all.
Light Rider directed her as she programed the tiny robots sub–programming to match his own but he kept the primary code that the Hunter had written intact for–show in order to complete the next task.
Through the foam he had given her, she could fly and the tea she drank contained his fibers, which had absorbed trace elements from his home world and with the nanos now at her control she felt time and knowledge bending around her.
And now, you are perfect my Julia. You are a new kind of human, a kind that won't exist in this universe again until the end of time. All history is our future and I remember it all. We will control destiny. Our time has come. Just one more act and this show is over…

The moment passed but the humming coming from within her grew until the whole mountain began to shake. Julia inhaled sharply, her reawakening had happened in the blink of an eye.
She heard Rand continue his sentence, "…don't want to be around her right now."
Julia could feel the emotions of everyone in the room flowing over her like a multicolored waterfall. The slightest change in vibration, or when it nullified, rushed to her attention. Then she recognized another, perfectly calm energy, standing right behind her.
It took every bit of her self–control to remain still. She said, "I think Method can find separate rooms for us in this–"
At the sound of fingers snapping, Julia went silent. Then the room shimmered and the Huntress appeared behind her. She wore a tight fitting, silver suit that remained open in the front and ended in a mini skirt. A pistol, like something out of a sci–fi movie, rested at her hip.
Julia pivoted as she swung her left hand in like a blade aimed at Martha's throat. Martha snapped her fingers again and Julia froze in place.
Then Rand dove for Noah pushing him behind the bed then he rushed toward Julia. He ran and jumped for Martha but she caught him in midair and tossed him through the open door, into the hallway where he slammed headfirst into the metal wall. Julia heard his neck snap on impact and he fell to the ground limp.
Julia tried to cry out but no sound escaped her lips.
Method pulled a gun from her jacket and fired. Martha let her unload the clip into her body then she walked over to Method, took the gun from her and pistol–whipped her with it.
Margret smiled and said, "When My Lord comes, he'll be pleased. I've captured his greatest prize and the dragon is still in my possession."
Method wiped the blood from her mouth and then she touched a button on her watch and an alarm sounded. Martha's fingers turn into claws and cut off Method's hand just below the wristwatch.
Method clamped down on her bleeding stump and said, "Why don't you kill me like you did that innocent man?"
The Huntress look back at Rand lying motionless in the hallway and then back at her. She said, "You're much cuter than he is and I think you know quite a lot about this world. He strikes me as someone less important. I didn't want to kill him but he attacked. Humans are so fragile. Until now, I was The Hunter, now I'm your Mistress. After this night, I will prepare the way for my Lord's greatest experiment and you and Julia will command my lieutenants.
Method said, "I will tell you nothing."
"That's okay Method. I know you well. Hold out as long as you want but soon you will be my puppet too."
A roar, like a thousand thunderclaps at once shook the mountain!
"That damn dragon won't be quiet!" Martha said.
Light Rider spoke in Julia's mind, 
Concentrate on the feeling my tea gave you when you drank it. Imagine it like a small star glowing at the base of your tail then slowly let it pulse as it rises up through your abdomen, chest, throat and finally to the place between your eyes then, when the light reaches its zenith cry out with all your passion. Think on the one you love most and let it explode from your mouth!
Julia turned as she thought of being without Noah for all this time.
Martha's eyes went wide as she said, "Stop that! Be still Julia. Then she snapped her fingers.
The machines inside Julia never heard the command. The show was over. The temporary program Light Reader had given them to freeze had ended.
Now Julia, she heard Light Reader say!
The image of a spinning vortex appeared in her mind at the base of her spine. She followed Light Reader's mental instructions and she changed its color from a dark orange into a bright yellow then into an electric blue sun. Her son's face filled her vision and she remembered all the pain she had endured while hiding from this woman and her love of freedom from her broken form. Her body began to vibrate, the power inside her expanded as it multiplied. The nano spiders inside her reacted. They let the growing energy pass through themselves like conductors. The energy bypassed her vital organs and the growing sun began to rise up through the center of her body.
Martha stepped back as she watched Julia glowing from her center; then the light flashed! The pulse intensified as it grew in her body. It rose until it reached her eyes and she cried out her son's name, "Noah!" From her mouth shot a bolt of light. 
Martha had already started running through the door and into the hallway when the light struck the door, blowing it off its hinges!
When the smoke cleared, a hole 10 feet wide glowed red.
Light Reader said,
The breath of dragons burns inside you. Now, tell Method to open the skylight and bring your son to me. I will protect him as if he were my own.
Julia turned toward the bed and flew to her son. She scooped him up and looked to Method. She said, "Open the skylight!"
"Wow mommy! You're a superhero."
"That's right honey all mommies are superheroes. Now you are going to meet my friend Light Reader. I want you to be brave."
Noah pumped his arm in the air and showed his teeth. He growled and said, "I'm a tiger mom!"
"That's my tiger! Now close your eyes, put your hands over your ears and keep them there until I move them."
Noah did as she told him to and Julia looked on the floor.
Method had just retrieved her hand lying on the floor and she pulled her bloody watch off with her teeth. She touched it's screen and yelled' "Emergency command 34. Open the skylight all the way!"
Julia flew out the room and passed a very stunned looking Martha lying on the ground patting her smoking fur.
Martha jumped to her feet, drew her weapon and fired. Light Reader corrected Julia's flight path and the pulse of green light passed by her and struck the wall leaving a tiny burn hole in the metal.
Julia turned the corner as a humming sound came from behind her. The Hunter activated her pack's electro–levitation mode. She rose into the air, her suit pulling and pushing on the metal walls that made up the hallway and she shot off after Julia.
Julia could feel her coming through her dragon sense and spider nanos. They flew through the metal reinforced tunnels of the mountain. Julia let Light Reader guide her upstairs and through the maze of halls.
Martha continued shooting at her but Julia kept turning each corner too fast for Martha to get a lock on her.
Suddenly, Julia saw the double door Light Reader had been guiding her to.
Those doors won't open easily, Light Reader warned her.
Julia imagined the blue sun rising up from the base of her tail, through her body and out her mouth. Faster than before, a ball of blue flame erupted from her mouth struck the door and it exploded outward.
Julia flew into a huge cave. Hundreds of spotlights shone from the ceiling like tiny suns and each one focused on a single point in the center of the room. Through the glare, she saw the grid work of support struts holding up the cave walls. In the center of the floor was the large, black wedge–shaped spaceship. Behind it, bathed in all the shining lights and colored by a beam of blue energy emanating from the spaceship laid the most magnificent creature she had ever seen.
Light Reader strained as he raised his head and lifted his tail.
He slammed his tail onto the ground and the mountain shook. For a moment, the beam of blue light flickered and Light Reader was free but a split second later, the beam stabilized around him again. He said,
I've almost drained the ships back up energy supply. I only need a few more minutes!
Julia said,
You planted the idea in my head that you still had three more days until you are free, so that Martha would come!

Not now Julia.

A growing beam of sunlight coming from the skylight touched his scales each time the energy field flickered. Julia could feel Light Reader absorbing the sun's energy, growing stronger by the second. Inch by inch the skylight continued to open and Light Reader fought harder against the failing energy field causing it to flicker even more.
Light Reader lifted a paw and said,
Drop him!

Julia hesitated as she flew around the powerful dragon.
Light Reader's voice came into her mind as a whisper,
On my honor as a dragon, no harm will come to him.

Julia prayed then she dropped Noah. His body slowed as he passed through the blue light and into the dragon's paw. Light Reader quickly tucked Noah under his wing even as Martha fired several shots at Julia and then down at Light Reader.
The green laser beams pierced the weakened blue shield, struck Light Reader's scales and reflected onto the cave floor leaving little puffs of smoke.
"Are you okay?" Julia yelled.
Her little flashlight has no effect on me. Soon I will over power this cage and she will see MY light!
Julia saw the building rage in his mind. As kind and benevolent as this dragon was, as he had once been, the thousands of years of starvation and then torcher had made him bitter and now he had Noah in his claws.
We will talk about it later Julia, Light Reader said in response to her observation of his state of mind, "Be glad she is the object of my wrath!"

Julia suddenly worried about her son but Light Reader showed her the image of his two babies, the ones he lost so long ago.
He said,
I will never harm a child no matter how angry I become.

Julia changed her focus to Martha. Light Reader said,
Martha isn't as strong as you are.

Julia flew high into the sky, twisting as she spiraled toward the skylight. She replied, 
But Martha is a very experienced Hunter.

So are you!

Green lasers passed her and she glanced down. A stream of smoke followed Martha as she flew after Julia.
Light Reader said,
You're not going to outpace her but she's using a levitation suit that has a limited fuel supply and you can out maneuver her.

Julia plotted a course through Pigeon Forge then she passed into the ventilation shaft she had used before and headed out and down the mountainside. Martha was right behind her.
She circled the mountain as she descended and passed the place where the Mining Office trailer had been parked. Then she saw the caravan of would be rescuers coming up the mountain. Jerry drove his Cadillac and Andrew sat in the passenger seat. She dipped close to the Cadillac and yelled, "Go back to town!"
A flash of green light streaked past her with a high–pitched buzz. It cut a tree in half just in front of her and gunfire erupted from the cars below. Julia looked down at Frank as he fired up at the strange looking, furry woman that chased Julia. He raised his gun and Julia shook her head.
She had to get Martha away from her friends before she killed every one of them.
Julia heard rapid gunfire coming from above her. She looked back. A dozen people wearing jetpacks swarmed out of the mountain in white and blue suits with U.S. Air Force emblazed on their helmets. The sounds of rocketeers shooting across the sky joined the symphony of explosions and laser blasts.
Martha turned her back to Julia and started shooting her pursuers out of the sky almost as quickly as they emerged from the mountain.
Bullets whizzed by Julia's head as they fired back at her, so she flew into the woods hoping the trees would block any bullets that missed their target.
A few seconds later the sound of gunfire stopped and a window opened in Julia's vision and a hologram of Martha appeared. She said, "I've been trying to speak to you since you blew a hole in the hallway door."
Julia tried to find a way to turn off the link to Martha but she couldn't.
"I think you should know that your new friend, Puff the Magic Dragon, is more dangerous than I will ever be."
Julia made a sharp turn when she reached the main road and checked that Martha was following. The Hunter appeared from above the tree line and fired several times making Julia loop high into the air over traffic and then dive back down, behind the Waffle House and then she leveled off inches above the river.
"You say you're not dangerous but you're shooting lasers at me!"
"I never said I wasn't dangerous. My lasers will only stun you. You know what you mean to me Julia. I just said that your friend is very unbalanced and I know unbalanced. I saw the original reading and the readings he allowed me to have through the nanos in his system. Talk about disturbing dreams. Did you know he was the last Dragon Lord? He is a TechnoDragon. The guilt he feels for the Great War on his planet has drove him mad?"
"Surviving a war and torment can put an edge on a person." Julia replied as she dodged around a tree then rose above the buildings.
Martha stayed right behind her.
Julia zigzagged around statues of monsters atop arcades as she dodged laser blast. Every time Martha gained on Julia, she changed direction and the Huntress flew past her, over corrected and returned at full speed.
Two jet–propelled Air Force men flew overhead. They shot heat–seeking rockets and Martha flew into the mountainside weaving through trees until the rockets exploded behind her.
Julia saw King Kong on a tall building and hid behind the figure of a girl trapped in his grasp. Suddenly one of the plaster fingers exploded! Julia flinched as all but the middle finger she hid behind burst into flames. She dropped backwards, swooped across the street and headed for the replica of the Titanic.
Martha said, "I'm one step ahead of you girl."
Julia looked up and saw Martha standing on the lead edge of the Titanic, gun pointed at her. Julia closed her eyes ready for the electric shock that was sure to paralyze her when a rocket exploded just below Martha. When the smoke cleared, Martha was gone and the hologram of her vanished from the window in Julia's vision.
The front half of the Titanic broke and fell into the water. Julia felt relief and sadness as she checked that no one inside the restaurant was hurt. She found a little girl injured and was about to carry her out when one of the people in the jet suits landed in the water just outside the ship.
Julia called, "I can't stay here. Everyone is in danger!" The rocketeer's visor flipped up, Julia saw Method and she smiled. "How are you even still conscious?" Julia asked.
Method smiled and said, "Drugs! Now get out of the city! I'll have a med–team here in minutes."
Julia rose into the air and circled the sinking ship. She didn't see any sign of Martha. The Mountain shook and she listened for Light Reader but she could tell that he was in deep concentration.
She turned back toward her home and flew as fast as she could but as she passed over the Waffle House Martha's scout ship uncloaked before her. The Hologram of Martha reappeared in her vision. The Hunter spoke in her raspy voice, "Now, where were we. Oh yea, you're goanna be my slave again but now we're going to have to start all over."
Gun turrets dropped from the ship's wings and fired. Julia twisted as she dodged bolts of plasma and flew toward her house. But Martha's ship was both fast and agile. Julia heard a clicking sound as she felt a net made of the same spider threads that held her down to the table wrap around her body and lock in place.
Just then, the top of the mountain exploded! From the distance, she could clearly see large claws, white fangs and enormous wings reaching for the sky.
Her dragon had escaped!
The black wedge ship slowly turned toward the mountain. Sunlight glittered green and orange as it reflected off Light Reader's crystalline scales.
The huge dragon roared and a column of purple and blue flames shot into the air! He shined like a second sun as he absorbed the full strength of the sunlight.
The Huntress's ship stopped and Julia could see the fear in the hologram's face just before it went placid.
Light Reader climbed to the top of the mountain and leapt into the air. The mountain was far away but when he flapped his powerful wings, suddenly he wasn't so far away anymore.
Julia saw something on his back. She squinted as she strained to see. Then, as if she had grown a second set of lens in her eyes, her vision zoomed in on the looming figure. Noah was riding on Light Reader's back!
Julia screamed, "Noooo!" as Martha fired everything she had at the dragon but the lasers simply reflected off his scales and the missiles exploded in the jet of flame coming from his mouth.
Julia couldn't believe how fast Light Reader could fly. He had to be doing Mock 2 and he had only flapped his wings three times.
Martha increased speed, trying to reel Julia back into the scout ship but Light Reader was upon them. He cut the net's tether with the tip of his wing. The webbing slacked around Julia and she slipped out of the net.
Julia tried to touch his mind but he was beyond communication. Pure anger, as she had never felt before grew from the base of his tail and began rising. Thousands of years of captivity intensified his rage and he channeled this energy threw his body– as he circled above the hovering ship. The moment Julia was free, he roared and it sounded as if a star had just exploded!
A POP reported and the Huntress ejected from her ship. With one claw, Light Reader caught Martha. Her levitation suit wined and then sputtered as she tried to pry herself free but his talons only gripped her tighter.
Then Light Reader unleashed his pent up frustration in a jet of fire that crashed into the scout ship. The ship burst into flames and crashed into the side of the cliff below Julia's house.
Julia saw what he meant to do to Martha and she flew as fast as she could, landed on Light Reader's back and covered Noah's eyes. The dragon's mind was lost in the madness.
She held Noah in her arms calming him as he shook. Light Reader started to descend to the ground. Julia saw that he intended to stomp and smash every scrap of metal out of existence and then smear Martha's remains in its ashes.
Julia whispered, "Great Light Reader, survivor of the Great War and defender of Earth, be at peace now. This Hunter will get the justice she deserves but not like this."
Light Reader landed on the crashed scout ship. He crushed the scraps of metal with his stomping and then he flattened all that remained with his tail until only smoke rose from the cratered ground. He squeezed Martha and imagined taking her head off with a flick of his wrist, draining her fluids in the fire and then burning her remains…
Julia yelled, "This woman was taken just before her death. She is a mother lost in grief just like us. Forgive her Light Reader, help her." Julia showed him an image of her crying at her son's funeral.
She lost her heart in the wars on her planet. That sadness changed her like its changing you.
Light Reader's grip on Marta faltered. Julia felt him reconsider the grim task he had envisioned and she knew he had heard her. His rage turned to grief for all he had lost and then he turned from his dark visions.
Julia said to Noah, "Don't be scared Noah. Our dragon is done being mad. He just saved mommy's life. Can you give him the most powerful, most loving, most grateful hug you have ever given to anyone?"
Noah stopped shaking and he leaned forward and wrapped his arms around one of Light Reader's horns. Both Julia and Light Reader could feel all the love this little boy had for his mommy as he squeezed with his little arms and prayed for Light Reader's happiness.
Light Reader released a stream of smoke from his nostrils. The image of his two children hugging his tail came to his mind and he took a deep breath. Noah smiled and looked up at his mommy. He said, "Mommy, I just saw two baby dragons hugging Light Reader!"
Julia hugged Noah.
Thank you for sparing her, Julia said silently to Light Reader, Some things can't be undone.

Chapter 31
Julia and Noah road on Light Reader but Martha stayed tucked in his claws as they flew back to the mountain. Several burning vehicles surrounded Jerry's smoking Cadillac. They were all in the parking lot next to where the mining trailer had been. Jerry, Andrew, Frank and the Sheriff ended their argument with the Air Force MPs when they saw Light Reader coming. The dragon landed on the mountainside just above them and Julia took Noah in her arms and floated down to the ground next to Andrew.
Andrew bent down, picked Noah up and gave him a big hug. He said, "We've been looking for you everywhere boy." Then he reached out with one arm and pulled Julia close to him. He gave her a long kiss, paused and looked toward the dragon on the mountain.
Light Reader's gem crusted scales reflected the last rays of the day in a shower of tiny rainbows. He opened his huge wings, adjusted Martha's body in his claws and let his weight resettle. Then he looked at Andrew.
Andrew swallowed hard and said, "So, what are we goanna do with those two?"

The End 
4:18am 1/29/15

Book 2 coming soon…

Check out the other books in the Myths and Dreams Saga. They're all a part of the Myths and Dreams Saga part 1…
And, if you enjoyed this story please leave a quick review and email me a comment at modak824@gmail.com
You can also share this story by clicking the "like" for this book at the bottom of the smashwords.com page or simply tweet @modak824
and/or post a Facebook link.
Your reviews, likes and sharing about this and my other stories helps a lot,
Thanks for your support.
Michael. M
Click here for more books by M.Modak 



             
Click here for more books by M.Modak

Dedication
I give God, Emmanuel, Siddhārtha Gautama, Mohandas Karamch Gandhi, Martin Luther King, my thanks for teaching the world that love and forgiveness is the answer... And that wisdom is found in silence but it should not remain there. 
I'm grateful to all those fighting for freedom either on battlefields around the globe and those who stand against basic humanity and compassion at home using nonviolent means as their highest method to affect change. May wisdom, strength and hope for peace guide your lives.
A special thanks to John Pratt and My mom. Your thoughts have helped shape this story. When I write, you two are always the audience in my head.
Thanks to Neal Donald Walsh for writing Conversations with God. 
My gratitude goes out to all the writers who helped me through many years of heartache and boredom.
Thanks to my Mom and Dad for demonstrating love in all its practical forms. To my Nichole, Jeff, Savage, and your families, I love you all and may all your dreams come true.
To my son Carter, you inspire me to higher goals. Thinking of you drives my hands across the keyboard. I love you.
And, to all my kids– Asia, Mi, King, Kasey, Sara, Baby Savage, the Watson kids and many more–I miss you and never settle for less than your dreams :)

And… Te amo Aljadia

Thanks to all my readers.
Michael. M
ModaksguidetoDreaming
@modak824


Biography
I was born in a house in a small town in Mississippi and raised near the Louisiana bayou. By the age of ten, I had explored more than my share of mud holes, endless swamps, forest and long church pews. At ten years old, my family moved away from the woods and into a city on the east coast of North America.
At 20 years old I was an assistant instructor teaching Thai Kickboxing, jujitsu, entertained other martial arts, and through them, I've learned that you never stop learning. I practice mindfulness, prayer, I’ve studied world religions and many cultures, the History of Science and its advances on Earth as well as in space, North American History, politics and I believe the potential of human nature is great.
When I'm not on adventures with my family, I’m writing or studying. I also enjoy reading, swimming, gardening, painting, playing video games, movies, browsing used bookstores and caves and I love the great outdoors.
 M.Modak
ModaksguidetoDreaming
@modak824
modak824@gmail.com

The Experiment ZombieApocalypse
Episodes 1~8

In a rush, people threw their valuables in trunks and glove boxes as they tried to escape the cities during those first days. We found some of our most useful things in abandoned cars. Zombies don't care about survival gear, guns, swords, processed food or even water. They only want to rip us to shreds as they infect our bodies.
This is what it looks like when the world ends. It didn't start with a bomb. No army invaded. I've watched my classmates die or change before my eyes. I have seen whole swarms of them move around a person, cutting them with sharp claws or their teeth until they stopped moving. These, people, were once the Neo Humans, the ones who took Sapen's Golden Pill. But their enhanced bodies turned against them and all mankind.
Be ware, your world might be next..

The Experiment Zombie Apocalypse
Episodes 1~8

Guardian Awaken
Episode 1
(Guardian Awaken Chronicles)

I take energy from the subtle vibrations that blink throughout the cosmos. There is nowhere that I am not powered. When I awoke, I didn't know any of this. I didn't know anything.

I was not and then I opened my eyes.

There were thousands of people… monks really who were all worshiping me. They slowly stood up when they saw that I had animated. Many cheered but most were silent. I was sitting on a large flat rock, like marble. A mountain was behind me and a green valley lit by two suns was before me. A monk approached me and I noticed movement like I hadn't before. Everything was new to me. The monk came to me and bowed low then told me I was a god.

I understood his words, the definition registered but the meaning was two dimensional. I could see them, I got the thrust of the intent but the full weight of their meanings didn't register. I said nothing as a line of monks waited with small stone tablets. Each one presented me with a reading of their tablet. It was a history of my coming.

A strange people in a great ship came to this place and placed me here. I was like a rock but stronger. No animal would build their nest upon me though many visited.

Many believed that I was to awaken and save the people of the world from enslavement and others believed that I was the fulfillment of their highest belief, the justification for their own superiority. Some of the tablets said I had been sitting here for a thousand years, some for ten thousand years and others for only months. I had no clue and I didn't care.

Some kissed my hands and feet, finally after everyone had passed, the original monk returned and asked me to walk with him into the cave. I noticed the opening in the mountain behind me and I stood up.

The tallest monk in the group was barely half my height. This was a moment of curiosity for me. I was larger than they were. They were much smaller than I am. It was a simple insight but at the time, it was big news, a hint to who and what I was.

Again, I've never stood up before but I knew how to do this. It was a natural thing, as if I had done it countless times. I followed the monk into the cave and he gestured to the walls and ceiling. Drawings of the native's history spanned the cave. The monk told me that there were three kinds of people. There were the Masters, the monks and the Fuel.
I nodded but didn't understand.

"The Masters believed that they had become the highest their species could evolve to and their religion, which none of the monks knew about, was superior to all others. None understood them, but their way was acceptable to them.

They would not share their way with the monks but they both worshiped me. They considered me a being greater than they, a god. I was what they would become, but how and why they would become this was a mystery to all.

Because the monks attended The Shrine… my shrine, the Masters left them to their own ways.
I noticed that the tunnel was getting brighter and the monk stopped. He gestured for me to continue walking but he would not go any further.

Guardian Awaken
Episode 1



The Amazing Adventures
of Snowflake and The Princess
Episodes 1–6
Tuyena is a young princess from the world Serwin. Her extraordinary heritage sets her apart from the people of her galaxy and she is marked for greatness.
Then one night her mom, now the Queen of Serwin burst into her bedroom. She tells her that she is to leave her home and wait on a world called Earth. She must remain there until they defeat the enemies that took King Drahca's life. Blazer, the king's old friend, gives her a special puppy named Snowflake who's wearing the King's unusual medallion.
Her mom tells her that she is responsible to protect and teach the creatures of the hidden valley on Earth. Then she launches into space in a special ship that looks just like her home.
A year later, the trees start crashing in the valley and Snowflake sets off on an adventure to discover who is causing the destruction.
Soon Snowflake realizes that his magical medallion can make him fly and it protects him from their malfunctioning robot Jack. And in a desperate move Snowflake accidentally uses the medallion to send the princess, their new friend Bert and him thousands of years back in time to the city of Atlantis.
A mysterious man named Hablack greets them when they arrive but his smile hides evil intentions. He and the master he serves, Sapen, have started a war with the Atlanteans and the ancient Sea–People. They have triggered a storm on the sun and a wave of deadly fire is heading for Earth.
At the same time, the princess learns that Hablack has redirected a huge asteroid and it's about to crash into Atlantis. To make matters worse Sapen has exploded bombs deep inside the Earth's core. Now Tuyena, Snowflake and the Sea People must find a way to stop the disasters before all is lost.
The Amazing Adventures
of Snowflake and The Princess Episodes 1–6


Galactic
(Myths and Dreams)
A new intelligence has awakened on Earth and now the forces of darkness threaten to remake life in their image. From the author of The Experiment Zombie Apocalypse Episodes 1~8.
In Galactic (Myths and Dreams,) Sapen has awakened with apocalyptic plans for his home world. Heroes from parallel universes have arrived to stop him from destroying the Starweb that holds the multiverse together but are they too late?
Thanks Again,
  Michael.M
