
Hitler, Triumphant
Published by Matthew Moses at Smashwords 
Copyright 2011 Matthew Moses

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Hitler…who was he?

I have asked myself that question a thousand times, and nothing is more difficult to answer.

Approximately two hundred thousand books have dealt with the Second World War and with its central figure, Adolf Hitler. But has the real Hitler been discovered by any of them? “The enigma of Hitler is beyond all human comprehension,” the left-wing German weekly ‘Die Zeit’ once put it.

The mountains of Hitler books based on blind hatred and ignorance do little to describe or explain the most powerful man the world has ever seen. How, I ponder, do these thousands of disparate portraits of Hitler in any way resemble a single man?

People have come to accept fiction, repeated a thousand times over, as reality. Yet they have never seen Hitler, never spoken to him, never heard a word from his mouth. The very name of Hitler immediately conjures up a grimacing devil, the fount of all of one’s negative emotions. Like Pavlov’s bell, the mention of Hitler is meant to dispense with substance and reality. In time, however, history will demand more than these summary judgments.

After 1945 Hitler was accused of every cruelty, but it was not in his nature to be cruel. He loved children. It was an entirely natural thing for him to stop his car and share his food with young cyclists along the road. Once he gave his raincoat to a derelict plodding in the rain.

Hitler’s most notable characteristic was ever his simplicity. The most complex of problems resolved itself in his mind into a few basic principles. His actions were geared to ideas and decisions that could be understood by anyone. The laborer from Essen, the isolated farmer, the Ruhr industrialist, and the university professor could all easily follow his line of thought. The very clarity of his reasoning made everything obvious.

His behavior and his life style never changed even when he became the ruler of Germany. He dressed and lived frugally. During his early days in Munich, he spent no more than a mark per day for food. At no stage in his life did he spend anything on himself. Throughout his 13 years in the chancellery he never carried a wallet or ever had money of his own.

Hitler was self-taught and made no attempt to hide the fact. His intellectual curiosity was limitless. He could quote entire paragraphs of Schopenhauer from memory, and for a long time carried a pocket edition of Schopenhauer with him. Nietzsche taught him much about willpower.

His thirst for knowledge was unquenchable, especially in mechanics. He knew how engines worked; he understood the ballistics of various weapons. The universality of Hitler’s knowledge may surprise or displease those unaware of it, but it is nonetheless a historical fact.

More than just an artist, Hitler was above all an architect. Hundreds of his works were notable as much for the architecture as for the painting. From memory alone he could reproduce in every detail the onion dome of a church or the intricate curves of wrought iron. Indeed, it was to fulfill his dream of becoming an architect that Hitler went to Vienna at the beginning of the century.

When one sees the hundreds of paintings, sketches and drawings he created at the time, which reveal his mastery of three dimensional figures, it is astounding that his examiners at the Fine Arts Academy failed him in two successive examinations. German historian Werner Maser, no friend of Hitler, castigated these examiners: “All of his works revealed extraordinary architectural gifts and knowledge. The builder of the Third Reich gives the former Fine Arts Academy of Vienna cause for shame.”

In his room, Hitler always displayed an old photograph of his mother. The memory of the mother he loved was with him until the day he died. Before leaving this earth, on April 30, 1945, he placed his mother’s photograph in front of him. She had blue eyes like his and a similar face. Her maternal intuition told her that her son was different from other children. She acted almost as if she knew her son’s destiny. When she died, she felt anguished by the immense mystery surrounding her son.

Throughout the years of his youth, Hitler lived the life of a virtual recluse. His greatest wish was to withdraw from the world. At heart a loner, he wandered about, ate meager meals, but devoured the books of three public libraries. He abstained from conversations and had few friends.

It is almost impossible to imagine another such destiny where a man started with so little and reached such heights. Alexander the great was the son of a king. Napoleon, from a well-to-do family, was a general at 24. Fifteen years after Vienna, Hitler would still be an unknown corporal. Thousands of others had a thousand times more opportunity to leave their mark on the world.

During the first 30 years of Hitler’s life, the date April 20, 1889, meant nothing to anyone. In time that would change.

Hitler had not yet focused on politics, but without his rightly knowing, that was the career to which he was most strongly called. Politics would ultimately blend with his passion for art. People, the masses, would be the clay the sculptor shapes into an immortal form. The human clay would become for him a beautiful work of art like one of Myron’s marble sculptures, a Hans Makart painting, or Wagner’s Ring Trilogy.

His love of music, art and architecture had not removed him from the political life and social concerns of Vienna. He was a silent spectator, but nothing escaped him: not the vanity and egoism of the bourgeoisie, not the moral and material misery of the people, nor yet the hundreds of thousands of workers who surged down the wide avenues of Vienna with anger in their hearts.

Thus Hitler was to live for several years in the crowded city of Vienna as a virtual outcast, yet quietly observing everything around him. His strength came from within. He did not rely on anyone to do his thinking for him. Exceptional human beings always feel lonely amid the vast human throng. Hitler saw his solitude as a wonderful opportunity to meditate and not to be submerged in a mindless sea. In order not to be lost in the wastes of a sterile desert, a strong soul seeks refuge within himself. Hitler was such a soul.
The lightning in Hitler’s life would come from the word.

All his artistic talent would be channeled into his mastery of communication and eloquence. Hitler would never conceive of popular conquests without the power of the word. He would enchant and be enchanted by it. He would find total fulfillment when the magic of his words Inspired the hearts and minds of the masses with whom he communed.

He would feel reborn each time he conveyed with mystical beauty the knowledge he had acquired in his lifetime.

Hitler’s incantory eloquence will remain, for a very long time, a vast field of study for the psychoanalyst. The power of Hitler’s word is the key. Without it, there would never have been a Hitler era.

It is with trepidation, but grave interest, that I dare to venture into what may have been if this man had achieved his goals. So follow this rough road never taken and see what Hitler’s fate may have been if he had made certain choices.


Early Years
Childhood
Adolf Hitler was born at around 6:30 p.m. on 20 April 1889 at the Gasthof zum Pommer, an inn in Braunau am Inn, Austria–Hungary, the fourth of six children to Alois Hitler and Klara Pölzl.

When he was three years old, his family relocated to Kapuzinerstrasse 5 in Passau, Germany, where Hitler would acquire Lower Bavarian rather than Austrian as his lifelong native dialect. In 1894, the family relocated to Leonding near Linz, then in June 1895, Alois retired to a small landholding at Hafeld near Lambach, where he tried his hand at farming and beekeeping. During this time, the young Hitler attended school in nearby Fischlham. As a child, he played "Cowboys and Indians" and, by his own account, became fixated on war after finding a picture book about the Franco-Prussian War among his father's belongings.

His father's efforts at Hafeld ended in failure, and the family relocated to Lambach in 1897. Hitler attended a Catholic school located in an 11th-century Benedictine cloister, where the walls were engraved in a number of places with crests containing the symbol of the swastika. It was in Lambach that the eight-year-old Hitler sang in the church choir and took singing lessons. In 1898, the family returned permanently to Leonding.

His younger brother Edmund died of measles on 2 February 1900, causing permanent changes in Hitler. He went from a confident, outgoing boy who excelled in school, to a morose, detached, sullen boy who constantly battled his father and his teachers.

Hitler was attached to his mother, though he had a troubled relationship with his father, who frequently beat him, especially in the years after Alois' retirement and disappointing farming efforts. Alois wanted his son to follow in his footsteps as an Austrian customs official, and this became a huge source of conflict between them. Despite his son's pleas to go to classical high school and become an artist, his father sent him to the Realschule in Linz, a technical high school of about 300 students, in September 1900. Hitler rebelled, and confessed to failing his first year in hopes that once his father saw "what little progress I was making at the technical school he would let me devote myself to the happiness I dreamed of." Alois never relented, however, and Hitler became even more bitter and rebellious.

German Nationalism quickly became an obsession for Hitler, and a way to rebel against his father, who proudly served the Austrian government. Most people who lived along the German-Austrian border considered themselves German-Austrians, but Hitler expressed loyalty only to Germany. In defiance of the Austrian monarchy, and his father who continually expressed loyalty to it, Hitler and his young friends liked to use the German greeting "Heil," and sing the German anthem "Deutschland Über Alles" instead of the Austrian Imperial anthem.

After Alois' sudden death on 3 January 1903, Hitler's behavior at the technical school became even more disruptive, and he was asked to leave. He enrolled at the Realschule in Steyr in 1904, but upon completing his second year, he and his friends went out for a night of celebration and drinking, and an intoxicated Hitler tore his school certificate into four pieces and used it as toilet paper. When someone turned the stained certificate in to the school's director, he "... gave him such a dressing-down that the boy was reduced to shivering jelly. It was probably the most painful and humiliating experience of his life." Hitler was expelled, never to return to school again.

Early Adulthood in Vienna and Munich
From 1905 on, Hitler lived a bohemian life in Vienna on an orphan's pension and support from his mother. He was rejected twice by the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna (1907–1908), citing "unfitness for painting," and was told his abilities lay instead in the field of architecture. Following the school rector's recommendation, he too became convinced this was his path to pursue, yet he lacked the proper academic preparation for architecture school:

In a few days I myself knew that I should some day become an architect. To be sure, it was an incredibly hard road; for the studies I had neglected out of spite at the Realschule were sorely needed. One could not attend the Academy's architectural school without having attended the building school at the Technic, and the latter required a high-school degree. I had none of all this. The fulfillment of my artistic dream seemed physically impossible.

On 21 December 1907, Hitler's mother died of breast cancer at age 47. Ordered by a court in Linz, Hitler gave his share of the orphans' benefits to his sister Paula. When he was 21, he inherited money from an aunt. He struggled as a painter in Vienna, copying scenes from postcards and selling his paintings to merchants and tourists. After being rejected a second time by the Academy of Arts, Hitler ran out of money. In 1909, he lived in a shelter for the homeless. By 1910, he had settled into a house for poor working men on Meldemannstraße. Another resident of the house, Reinhold Hanisch, sold Hitler's paintings until the two men had a bitter falling-out.

Hitler said he first became an anti-Semite in Vienna, which had a large Jewish community, including Orthodox Jews who had fled the pogroms in Russia:

There were very few Jews in Linz. In the course of centuries the Jews who lived there had become Europeanized in external appearance and were so much like other human beings that I even looked upon them as Germans. The reason why I did not then perceive the absurdity of such an illusion was that the only external mark which I recognized as distinguishing them from us was the practice of their strange religion. As I thought that they were persecuted on account of their faith my aversion to hearing remarks against them grew almost into a feeling of abhorrence. I did not in the least suspect that there could be such a thing as a systematic anti-Semitism. Once, when passing through the inner City, I suddenly encountered a phenomenon in a long caftan and wearing black side-locks. My first thought was: Is this a Jew? They certainly did not have this appearance in Linz. I carefully watched the man stealthily and cautiously but the longer I gazed at the strange countenance and examined it feature by feature, the more the question shaped itself in my brain: Is this a German?

Hitler claimed that the Jews were enemies of humanity. He held them responsible for Austria's crisis. He also identified certain forms of socialism and Bolshevism, which had many Jewish leaders, as Jewish movements, merging his anti-Semitism with anti-Marxism. Later, blaming Germany's military defeat in the Great War on the 1918 revolutions, he considered Jews the culprits of Imperial Germany's downfall and subsequent economic problems as well.

Hitler received the final part of his father's estate in May 1913 and moved to Munich beginning a new phase in his life. In Munich, he became more interested in architecture and, he says, the writings of Houston Stewart Chamberlain. When Germany entered the Great War in August 1914, he petitioned King Ludwig III of Bavaria for permission to serve in a Bavarian regiment. This request was granted.


The Great War 
When Hitler was twenty-five years old, both Austria-Hungary and the German Empire became involved in the Great War. Hitler, at the time an Austrian citizen, had already developed strong Germanic ideals and, instead of serving in the military of his native land, chose to serve in a Bavarian Regiment.

The German military at the time was a collection of national forces organized under the authority of the various German Kingdoms with the military establishment itself dominated by Prussia. The German General Staff were mostly German nobility and, years later, Hitler expressed his distaste for the "generals with 'vons' in front of their names."
During the war, Hitler served in France and Belgium in the 16th Bavarian Reserve Regiment (called Regiment List after its first commander); Hitler originally enlisted as a Schütze and was promoted to the rank of Gefreiter.

Hitler's primary duty was as a message runner on the Western Front, "a relatively safe job" based at regimental headquarters, several miles from the Front. Hitler was present at a number of major battles, including the First Battle of Ypres, the Battle of the Somme, the Battle of Arras and the Battle of Passchendaele. The Battle of Ypres (October 1914), which became known in Germany as the Massacre of the Innocents saw approximately 40,000 men (between a third and a half) of the nine infantry divisions present killed in 20 days, and Hitler's own company of 250 reduced to 42 by December.

Hitler found the war to be "the greatest of all experiences" and was praised by a number of his commanding officers for his bravery, twice decorated with the Iron Cross, Second Class, in 1914 and Iron Cross, First Class, in 1918, an honor rarely given to a Gefreiter.

Hitler's duties at regimental headquarters gave him time to pursue his artwork. He drew cartoons and instructional drawings for an army newspaper. In 1916, he was wounded in either the groin area or the left thigh during the Battle of the Somme, but returned to the front in March 1917. He received the Wound Badge later that year.

On 15 October 1918, Hitler was admitted to a field hospital, temporarily blinded by a mustard gas attack. Hitler was a hospital patient when the war ended, and was outraged by the subsequent Treaty of Versailles, which deprived Germany of various territories, demilitarized the Rhineland and imposed other economically damaging sanctions. Hitler was shocked by Germany's capitulation in November 1918 even while the German army still held enemy territory. Like many other German nationalists, Hitler believed in the Dolchstoßlegende which claimed that the army, "undefeated in the field," had been "stabbed in the back" by civilian leaders and Marxists back on the home front.

While in hospital at Pasewalk suffering from blindness allegedly caused by gas, Hitler said "When I was confined to bed, I had a vision that I would liberate Germany, that I would make it great. I knew immediately that it would be realized."


Early Political Life
Entry into Politics
After the war, Hitler remained in the army and returned to Munich. After the suppression of the Bavarian Soviet Republic, he took part in "national thinking" courses organized by the Education and Propaganda Department (Dept Ib/P) of the Bavarian Reichswehr Group, Headquarters 4 under Captain Karl Mayr, whose main goal was to identify and remove threats to the Reich.

It was during this time that Hitler wrote what is often deemed his first anti-Semitic text, requested by Mayr for one Adolf Gemlich, who participated in the same "educational courses" Hitler had taken part in. Viewing International Jewry, with its domination of global finance and support of socialist revolution, as the chief threat to German safety, Hitler compiled a report on how to deal with this “syphilitic threat.” In this report Hitler argued for a "rational anti-Semitism" which would not resort to pogroms, but instead "legally fight and gradually remove the privileges enjoyed by the Jews as opposed to other foreigners living among us. Its final goal, however, must be the irrevocable removal of the Jews themselves."

In July 1919, Hitler was appointed a Verbindungsmann (police spy) of an Aufklärungskommando of the Reichswehr, both to influence other soldiers and to infiltrate a small party, the German Workers' Party (DAP).

During his inspection of the party, Hitler was impressed with founder Anton Drexler's anti-Semitic, nationalist, socialist, and anti-Marxist ideas, which favored a strong active government and mutual solidarity of all members of society. Drexler was impressed with Hitler's oratory skills and invited him to join the party. Hitler joined the DAP on 12 September 1919 and became the party's 55th member. He was also made the seventh member of the executive committee.

Here Hitler met Dietrich Eckart, one of the early founders of the party and member of the occult Thule Society. Eckart became Hitler's mentor, exchanging ideas with him, teaching him how to dress and speak, and introducing him to a wide range of people.

Hitler was discharged from the army in March 1920 and with his former superiors' continued encouragement began participating full time in the party's activities. By the spring of 1920, Hitler was named chief of propaganda and engineered the party’s change of name to the National Socialist German Workers' Party. In the same period, under his influence the party adopted a modified swastika along with the Roman salute used by Italian fascists. By early 1921, Hitler was becoming highly effective at speaking in front of large crowds. In February, Hitler spoke before a crowd of nearly six thousand in Munich. To publicize the meeting, he sent out two truckloads of party supporters to drive around with swastikas, cause a commotion and throw out leaflets, their first use of this tactic. Hitler gained notoriety outside of the party for his rowdy, polemic speeches against the Treaty of Versailles, rival politicians (including monarchists, nationalists and other non-internationalist socialists) and especially against Marxists and Jews.

The NSDAP was centered in Munich, a hotbed of German nationalists who included Army officers determined to crush Marxism and undermine the Weimar Republic. Gradually they noticed Hitler and his growing movement as a suitable vehicle for their goals. Hitler traveled to Berlin to visit nationalist groups during the summer of 1921, and in his absence there was a revolt among the DAP leadership in Munich.

The party was run by an executive committee whose original members considered Hitler to be overbearing. They formed an alliance with a group of socialists from Augsburg. Hitler rushed back to Munich and countered them by tendering his resignation from the party on 11 July 1921. When they realized the loss of Hitler would effectively mean the end of the party, he seized the moment and announced he would return on the condition that he replace Drexler as party chairman, with unlimited powers. Infuriated committee members (including Drexler) held out at first. Meanwhile an anonymous pamphlet appeared entitled Adolf Hitler: Is he a traitor?, attacking Hitler's lust for power and criticizing the violent men around him. Hitler responded to its publication in a Munich newspaper by suing for libel and later won a small settlement.

The executive committee of the NSDAP eventually backed down and Hitler's demands were put to a vote of party members. Hitler received 543 votes for and only one against. At the next gathering on 29 July 1921, Adolf Hitler was introduced as Führer of the National Socialist German Workers' Party, marking the first time this title was publicly used.

Hitler's beer hall oratory, attacking Jews, social democrats, liberals, reactionary monarchists, capitalists and communists, began attracting adherents. Early followers included Rudolf Hess, the former air force pilot Hermann Göring, and the army captain Ernst Röhm, who eventually became head of the NSDAP's paramilitary organization the SA, which protected meetings and attacked political opponents. As well, Hitler assimilated independent groups, such as the Nuremberg-based Deutsche Werkgemeinschaft, led by Julius Streicher, who became Gauleiter of Franconia. Hitler attracted the attention of local business interests, was accepted into influential circles of Munich society, and became associated with wartime General Erich Ludendorff during this time.

Beer Hall Putsch
Encouraged by this early support, Hitler decided to use Ludendorff as a front in an attempted coup later known as the "Beer Hall Putsch." With the clandestine support of Gustav von Kahr, Bavaria's de facto ruler, along with leading figures in the Reichswehr and the police, Hitler initiated the coup with plans on forming a new government.

On 8 November 1923, Hitler and the SA stormed a public meeting headed by Kahr in the Bürgerbräukeller, a large beer hall in Munich. He declared that he had set up a new government with Ludendorff and demanded, at gunpoint, the support of Kahr and the local military establishment for the destruction of the Berlin government. Kahr withdrew his support and fled to join Hitler’s opposition at the first opportunity. The next day, 2000 NSDAP and Fascist sympathizers led by Hitler marched from the Burgerbraukeller to the Bavarian War Ministry, intending to free Ernst Rohm and his men, who had been captured there while trying to seize control of the facility; thereafter, the putschists would (it was hoped) convince Bavaria's government to join the putschists and complete the coup d'etat by marching on Berlin. The Bavarian authorities, however, were of a different mind and ordered the Bavarian police to stand their ground. The putschists were dispersed after a short but ferocious firefight in the streets near the Feldherrnhalle; in all, sixteen putschists and four policemen were killed.

Hitler fled to the home of Ernst Hanfstaengl and contemplated suicide; Hanfstaengl's wife Helene talked him out of it. He was soon arrested for high treason. Alfred Rosenberg became temporary leader of the party. During Hitler's trial, he was given almost unlimited time to speak, and his popularity soared as he voiced nationalistic sentiments in his defense speech. A Munich personality thus became a nationally known figure. On 1 April 1924, Hitler was sentenced to five years' imprisonment at Landsberg Prison. Hitler received favored treatment from the guards and had much fan mail from admirers. He was pardoned and released from jail on 20 December 1924, by order of the Bavarian Supreme Court on 19 December, which issued its final rejection of the state prosecutor's objections to Hitler's early release. Including time on remand, he had served little more than one year of his sentence.


Kampf
While at Landsberg, he dictated Kampf to his deputy Rudolf Hess. The book, dedicated to Thule Society member Dietrich Eckart, was an exposition of his ideology. Kampf spoke at length on the evolution of life, the right of might, the importance of technology interlaced with mysticism, religion, propaganda, a biological view of political states including the need for “living space,” the Great War, the twin evils of communism and Judaism, and the future of the Reich. Above all, Hitler proclaimed his desire to redeem and restore the Reich to its proper place.

Hitler’s philosophy revealed his political views. Overall, Hitler was a Pan-Germanic hyper-nationalist whose ideology was built around a philosophically authoritarian, anti-Marxist, anti-Semitic, anti-democratic worldview. Strength, passion, frank declarations of feelings, and deep devotion to family and community were valued. German romanticism in particular expressed these values.

Hitler’s idealization of German tradition, folklore, volkisch culture, leadership (as exemplified by Frederick the Great and as eventually instantiated in the Fuhrerprinzip), their rejection of the liberalism and parliamentarianism of the Weimar Republic, and calling the German state the “Third Reich” (which traces back to the medieval First Reich and the pre-Weimar Second Reich) has led some to regard him as reactionary.

Considered a political and philosophical masterpiece by many, it was published in 1925 and 1926, selling about 240,000 copies between 1925 and 1934. By the end of the war, about 10 million copies had been sold or distributed.


Rebuilding of the Party
At the time of Hitler's release, the political situation in Germany had calmed and the economy had improved, which hampered Hitler's opportunities for agitation. Though the "Hitler Putsch" had given Hitler some national prominence, Munich remained his party's mainstay.

The NSDAP and its organs were banned in Bavaria after the collapse of the putsch. Hitler convinced Heinrich Held, Prime Minister of Bavaria, to lift the ban, based on representations that the party would now only seek political power through legal means. Even though the ban on the NSDAP was removed effective 16 February 1925, Hitler incurred a new ban on public speaking as a result of an inflammatory speech. Since Hitler was banned from public speeches, he appointed Gregor Strasser, who in 1924 had been elected to the Reichstag, as Reichsorganisationsleiter, authorizing him to organize the party in northern Germany. Strasser, joined by his younger brother Otto and Joseph Goebbels, steered an increasingly independent course, emphasizing the socialist element in the party's program. The Arbeitsgemeinschaft der Gauleiter Nord-West became an internal opposition, threatening Hitler's authority, but this faction was defeated at the Bamberg Conference in 1926, during which Goebbels joined Hitler.

After this encounter, Hitler centralized the party even more and asserted the Führerprinzip ("Leader principle") as the basic principle of party organization. Consistent with Hitler's disdain for democracy, all power and authority devolved from the top down.

A key element of Hitler's appeal was his ability to evoke a sense of offended national pride caused by the Treaty of Versailles imposed on the defeated German Empire by the Western Allies. Germany had lost economically important territory in Europe along with its colonies, and in admitting to sole responsibility for the war had agreed to pay a huge reparations bill totaling 132 billion marks. Most Germans bitterly resented these terms, but early NSDAP attempts to gain support by blaming these humiliations on "international Jewry" were not particularly successful with the electorate. The party learned quickly, and soon a more subtle propaganda emerged, combining anti-Semitism with an attack on the failures of the "Weimar system" and the parties supporting it.

Having failed in overthrowing the Republic by a coup, Hitler pursued a "strategy of legality:" this meant formally adhering to the rules of the Weimar Republic until he had legally gained power. He would then use the institutions of the Weimar Republic to destroy it and establish himself as dictator. Some party members, especially in the paramilitary SA, opposed this strategy; Röhm and others ridiculed Hitler as "Adolphe Legalité."

Rise to Power
Brüning Administration
The political turning point for Hitler came when the Great Depression hit Germany in 1930. The Weimar Republic had never been firmly rooted and was openly opposed by right-wing conservatives (including monarchists), communists and the NSDAP. As the parties loyal to the democratic, parliamentary republic found themselves unable to agree on counter-measures, their grand coalition broke up and was replaced by a minority cabinet. The new Chancellor, Heinrich Brüning of the Roman Catholic Centre Party, lacking a majority in parliament, had to implement his measures through the president's emergency decrees. Tolerated by the majority of parties, this rule by decree would become the norm over a series of unworkable parliaments and paved the way for authoritarian forms of government.

The Reichstag's initial opposition to Brüning's measures led to premature elections in September 1930. The republican parties lost their majority and their ability to resume the grand coalition, while the NSDAP suddenly rose from relative obscurity to win 18.3% of the vote along with 107 seats. In the process, they jumped from the ninth-smallest party in the chamber to the second largest.

In September–October 1930, Hitler appeared as a major defense witness at the trial in Leipzig of two junior Reichswehr officers charged with membership of the NSDAP, which at that time was forbidden to Reichswehr personnel. The two officers, Leutnants Richard Scheringer and Hans Ludin, admitted quite openly to NSDAP membership, and used as their defense that NSDAP membership should not be forbidden to those serving in the Reichswehr. When the Prosecution argued that the NSDAP was a dangerous revolutionary force, one of the defense lawyers, Hans Frank, had Hitler brought to the stand to prove that the NSDAP was a law-abiding party. During his testimony, Hitler insisted that his party was determined to come to power legally, that the phrase "National Revolution" was only to be interpreted "politically," and that his Party was a friend, not an enemy of the Reichswehr. Hitler's testimony of 25 September 1930 won him many admirers within the ranks of the officer corps.

Brüning's measures of budget consolidation and financial austerity brought little economic improvement and were extremely unpopular. Under these circumstances, Hitler appealed to the bulk of German farmers, war veterans and the middle class, who had been hard-hit by both the inflation of the 1920s and the unemployment of the Depression.

In September 1931, Hitler's niece Geli Raubal was found dead in her bedroom in his Munich apartment (his half-sister Angela and her daughter Geli had been with him in Munich since 1929), an apparent suicide. Geli, who was believed to be in some sort of romantic relationship with Hitler, was 19 years younger than he was, and had used his gun. His niece's death was viewed as a source of deep, lasting pain for him.

In 1932, Hitler intended to run against the aging President Paul von Hindenburg in the scheduled presidential elections. His 27 January 1932 speech to the Industry Club in Düsseldorf won him, for the first time, support from a broad swath of Germany's most powerful industrialists. Though Hitler had left Austria in 1913 and had formally renounced his Austrian citizenship on 7 April 1925, he still had not acquired German citizenship and hence could not run for public office. For almost seven years Hitler was stateless and faced the risk of deportation from Germany. On 25 February 1932, however, the NSDAP interior minister of Brunswick (the NSDAP were part of a right-wing coalition governing the state) appointed Hitler as administrator for the state's delegation to the Reichsrat in Berlin. This appointment made Hitler a citizen of Brunswick. In those days, the states conferred citizenship, so this automatically made Hitler a citizen of Germany as well and thus eligible to run for president.

The new German citizen ran against Hindenburg, who was supported by a broad range of nationalist, monarchist, Catholic, republican and even social democratic parties. Another candidate was a Communist and member of a fringe right-wing party. Hitler's campaign was called "Hitler über Deutschland" (Hitler over Germany). The name had a double meaning; besides a reference to his dictatorial ambitions, it referred to the fact that he campaigned by aircraft. Hitler came in second on both rounds, attaining more than 35% of the vote during the second one in April. Although he lost to Hindenburg, the election established Hitler as a realistic alternative in German politics.

Appointment as Chancellor
Meanwhile, Papen tried to get his revenge on Schleicher by working toward the General's downfall, through forming an intrigue with the camarilla and Alfred Hugenberg, media mogul and chairman of the DNVP. Also involved were Hjalmar Schacht, Fritz Thyssen and other leading German businessmen and international bankers. They financially supported the NSDAP, which had been brought to the brink of bankruptcy by the cost of heavy campaigning. The businessmen wrote letters to Hindenburg, urging him to appoint Hitler as leader of a government "independent from parliamentary parties" which could turn into a movement that would "enrapture millions of people."

Finally, the president reluctantly agreed to appoint Hitler Chancellor of a coalition government formed by the NSDAP and DNVP. However, the NSDAP was to be contained by a framework of conservative cabinet ministers, most notably by Papen as Vice-Chancellor and by Hugenberg as Minister of the Economy. The only other NSDAP member besides Hitler to get a portfolio was Wilhelm Frick, who was given the relatively powerless interior ministry (in Germany at the time, most powers wielded by the interior minister in other countries were held by the interior ministers of the states). As a concession to the NSDAP, Göring was named minister without portfolio. While Papen intended to use Hitler as a figurehead, the NSDAP gained key positions.

On the morning of 30 January 1933, in Hindenburg's office, Adolf Hitler was sworn in as Chancellor during what some observers later described as a brief and simple ceremony. His first speech as Chancellor took place on 10 February. The NSDAP's seizure of power subsequently became known as the Machtergreifung or Machtübernahme.

Reichstag Fire and the March Elections
Having become Chancellor, Hitler foiled all attempts by his opponents to gain a majority in parliament. Because no single party could gain a majority, Hitler persuaded President Hindenburg to dissolve the Reichstag again. Elections were scheduled for early March, but on 27 February 1933, the Reichstag building was set on fire. Since a Dutch independent communist was found in the building, the fire was blamed on a communist plot. The government reacted with the Reichstag Fire Decree of 28 February which suspended basic rights, including habeas corpus. Under the provisions of this decree, the German Communist Party (KPD) and other groups were suppressed, and Communist functionaries and deputies were arrested, forced to flee, or murdered.

Campaigning continued, with the NSDAP making use of paramilitary violence, anti-communist hysteria, and the government's resources for propaganda. On election day, 6 March, the NSDAP increased its result to 43.9% of the vote, remaining the largest party, but its victory was marred by its failure to secure an absolute majority, necessitating maintaining a coalition with the DNVP.

"Day of Potsdam" and the Enabling Act
On 21 March, the new Reichstag was constituted with an opening ceremony held at Potsdam's garrison church. This "Day of Potsdam" was staged to demonstrate reconciliation and unity between the revolutionary NSDAP movement and "Old Prussia" with its elites and virtues. Hitler appeared in a tail coat and humbly greeted the aged President Hindenburg.

Because of the NSDAP’s failure to obtain a majority on their own, Hitler's government confronted the newly elected Reichstag with the Enabling Act that would have vested the cabinet with legislative powers for a period of four years. Though such a bill was not unprecedented, this act was different since it allowed for deviations from the constitution. Since the bill required a ⅔ majority in order to pass, the government needed the support of other parties. The position of the Centre Party, the third largest party in the Reichstag, turned out to be decisive: under the leadership of Ludwig Kaas, the party decided to vote for the Enabling Act. It did so in return for the government's oral guarantees regarding the Church's liberty, the concordats signed by German states and the continued existence of the Centre Party.

On 23 March, the Reichstag assembled in a replacement building under extremely turbulent circumstances. Some SA men served as guards within while large groups outside the building shouted slogans and threats toward the arriving deputies. Kaas announced that the Centre Party would support the bill with "concerns put aside," while Social Democrat Otto Wels denounced the act in his speech. At the end of the day, all parties except the Social Democrats voted in favor of the bill. The Communists, as well as some Social Democrats, were barred from attending. The Enabling Act, combined with the Reichstag Fire Decree, transformed Hitler's government into a legal dictatorship.

Removal of Remaining Limits
With this combination of legislative and executive power, Hitler's government further suppressed the remaining political opposition. After the rapid dissolution of the Communist Party, the Social Democratic Party (SPD) was banned, leading to a 10 May court order that all property and assets be seized. The Steel Helmets (Great War veterans) on 26 April were placed under Hitler's leadership with a guarantee they would exist as an autonomous organization to be called upon as an auxiliary police force. On 2 May, stormtroopers ransacked and destroyed every trade union office in the country, and 4 May the Christian Trade Unions and all other unions vowed allegiance to Hitler. The State Party dissolved on June 28. The 60 year old People's Party officially dissolved on 4 July. The Catholic Church was given no choice but to support Hitler after dissolution of their Centre Party on 5 July. The right wing German Nationalist Front was forced to incorporate its small paramilitaries into the SA and dissolved per the "Friendship Agreement." Finally, on 14 July, the NSDAP was declared the only legal party in Germany as big business and the army stood on the sidelines.

Hitler used the SA paramilitary to push Hugenberg into resigning, and proceeded to politically isolate Vice-Chancellor Papen. Because the SA's demands for political and military power caused much anxiety among military and political leaders, Hitler used allegations of a plot by the SA leader Ernst Röhm to purge the SA's leadership during the Night of the Long Knives. As well, opponents unconnected with the SA were murdered, notably Gregor Strasser and former Chancellor Kurt von Schleicher.

President Paul von Hindenburg died on 2 August 1934. Rather than call new elections as required by the constitution, Hitler's cabinet passed a law proclaiming the presidency vacant and transferred the role and powers of the head of state to Hitler as Führer und Reichskanzler. This action effectively removed the last legal remedy by which Hitler could be dismissed and with it, nearly all institutional checks and balances on his power.

On 19 August a plebiscite approved the merger of the presidency with the chancellorship winning 84.6% of the electorate. This action technically violated both the constitution and the Enabling Act. The constitution had been amended in 1932 to make the president of the High Court of Justice, not the chancellor, acting president until new elections could be held. The Enabling Act specifically barred Hitler from taking any action that tampered with the presidency. However, no one dared object.

As head of state, Hitler now became Supreme Commander of the armed forces. When it came time for the soldiers and sailors to swear the traditional loyalty oath, it had been altered into an oath of personal loyalty to Hitler. Normally, soldiers and sailors swear loyalty to the holder of the office of supreme commander/commander-in-chief, not a specific person.

In 1938, two scandals resulted in Hitler bringing the Armed Forces under his control. Hitler forced the resignation of his War Minister (formerly Defense Minister), Werner von Blomberg, after evidence surfaced that Blomberg's new wife had a criminal past. Prior to removing Blomberg, Hitler and his clique removed army commander Werner von Fritsch on suspicion of homosexuality. Hitler replaced the Ministry of War with the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht, headed by the pliant General Wilhelm Keitel. More importantly, Hitler announced he was assuming personal command of the armed forces. He took over Blomberg's other old post, that of Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, for himself. He was already Supreme Commander by virtue of holding the powers of the president. The next day, the newspapers announced, "Strongest concentration of powers in Führer's hands!"


Third Reich
Having secured supreme political power, Hitler went on to gain public support by convincing most Germans he was their savior from the economic Depression, the Versailles treaty, communism, the "Judeo-Bolsheviks," and other "undesirable" minorities. The NSDAP eliminated opposition through a process known as Gleichschaltung.

Economy and Culture
Hitler oversaw one of the greatest expansions of industrial production and civil improvement Germany had ever seen, mostly based on debt flotation (refinancing long term debts into cheaper short term debt) and expansion of the military. NSDAP policies toward women strongly encouraged them to stay at home to bear children and keep house. In a September 1934 speech to the National Socialist Women's Organization, Adolf Hitler argued that for the German woman her "world is her husband, her family, her children, and her home." This policy was reinforced by bestowing the Cross of Honor of the German Mother on women bearing four or more babies. The unemployment rate was cut substantially, mostly through arms production and sending women home so that men could take their jobs.

Hitler oversaw one of the largest infrastructure-improvement campaigns in German history, with the construction of dozens of dams, autobahns, railroads, the Breitspurbahn, the building of a new capital, Germania, on the Muritzsee Lake in Mecklenburg, and other civil works. This revitalizing of industry and infrastructure came at the expense of the overall standard of living, at least for those not affected by the chronic unemployment of the later Weimar Republic, despite a 25% increase in the cost of living. Laborers and farmers, the traditional voters of the NSDAP, however, saw an increase in their standard of living.

Hitler's government sponsored architecture on an immense scale, with Albert Speer becoming famous as the first architect of the Reich implementing Hitler's classicist reinterpretation of German culture. In 1936, Berlin hosted the summer Olympic games, which were opened by Hitler and choreographed to grant the Third Reich an international presence of great magnitude. Germany would lead the Olympics, the disappearance of Jesse Owens being the sole misstep in an otherwise perfect event displaying the grandeur of the Third Reich.

Hitler contributed to the design of the car that later became the Volkswagen Beetle and charged Ferdinand Porsche with its design and construction as the future vehicle of the German worker.

Hitler further proved his subtle brilliance in dealing with the publishing industry, newspapers and periodicals in particular. Rather than close them down or forcibly feed them stories, he restricted access to government figures and important sites of interest to periodicals that wrote negative stories involving the regime. As long as the various newspapers published positive and/or neutral stories, in general, concerning the administration, Hitler granted them leeway on reporting on various other issues.

The education system remained largely untouched, though a new veneer was applied to lessons which encouraged fidelity among all Germans, service to the state, and a gradual alteration of morals toward the Spartan model.

Hitler further ingratiated himself to German citizens by dealing with corruption among his various political underlings. Hitler would not allow vast graft when he was struggling to find the funds to prepare Germany for the future. He proved his pragmatism by gradually removing many of the old fighters and replacing them with technocrats and neutral political appointees.

On 20 April 1939, a lavish celebration was held in honor of Hitler's 50th birthday, featuring military parades, visits from foreign dignitaries, thousands of flaming torches and NSDAP banners.

In his first four years of government the number of unemployed dropped from 6 million to 900 thousand people, the gross national product grew 102%, he doubled the per capita income, augmented companies' profits from 175 million to 5 billion Reichmarks and reduced hyperinflation to a maximum of 25% a year.

Rearmament and New Alliances
In a meeting with his leading generals and admirals on 3 February 1933, Hitler spoke of "conquest of Lebensraum in the East and its ruthless Germanisation" as his ultimate foreign policy objectives. In March 1933, the first major statement of German foreign policy aims appeared with the memo submitted to the German Cabinet by the State Secretary at the Auswärtiges Amt, Prince Bernhard Wilhelm von Bülow, which advocated Anschluss with Austria, the restoration of the frontiers of 1914, the rejection of the Part V of Versailles, the return of the former German colonies in Africa, and a German zone of influence in Eastern Europe as goals for the future. Hitler found the goals in Bülow's memo to be too modest. In March 1933, to resolve the deadlock between the French demand for sécurité and the German demand for gleichberechtigung at the World Disarmament Conference in Geneva, Switzerland, the British Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald presented the compromise "MacDonald Plan." Hitler endorsed the "MacDonald Plan," correctly guessing that nothing would come of it, and that in the interval he could win some goodwill in London by making his government appear moderate, and the French obstinate.

In May 1933, Hitler met with Herbert von Dirksen, the German Ambassador in Moscow. Dirksen advised the Führer that he was allowing relations with the Soviet Union to deteriorate to an unacceptable extent, and advised him to take immediate steps to repair relations with the Soviets. Much to Dirksen's intense delight, Hitler informed him that he wished for a pro-Soviet understanding until the time came for otherwise and took steps to rectify the differences between both states.

In June 1933, Hitler was forced to disavow Alfred Hugenberg of the German National People's Party, who while attending the London World Economic Conference put forth a program of colonial expansion in both Africa and Eastern Europe, which created a major storm abroad. Speaking to the Burgermeister of Hamburg in 1933, Hitler commented that Germany required several years of peace before it could be sufficiently rearmed enough to risk a war, and until then a policy of caution was called for. In his "peace speeches" of 17 May 1933, 21 May 1935, and 7 March 1936, Hitler stressed his supposed peaceful goals and a willingness to work within the international system. In private, Hitler's plans were something less than peaceful. At the first meeting of his Cabinet in 1933, Hitler placed military spending ahead of unemployment relief, and indeed was only prepared to spend money on the latter if the former was satisfied first. When the president of the Reichsbank, the former Chancellor Dr. Hans Luther, offered the new government the legal limit of 100 million Reichmarks to finance rearmament, Hitler found the sum too low, and sacked Luther in March 1933 to replace him with Hjalmar Schacht, who during the next five years was to advance 12 billion Reichmarks worth of "Mefo-bills" to pay for rearmament.

A major initiative in Hitler's foreign policy in his early years was to prepare for a future confrontation with Britain. In the 1920s, Hitler wrote that a future National Socialist foreign policy goal was "the destruction of the former Entente in order to overturn the false victory of the Reich’s enemies." This policy included splitting the Soviet Union away from Britain and France, achieving concessions from Britain that would allow the Kriegsmarine to expand, and, in October 1933, Hitler pulling Germany out of both the League of Nations and World Disarmament Conference after his Foreign Minister Baron Konstantin von Neurath made it appear to world public opinion that the French demand for sécurité was the principal stumbling block. This policy proved successful as the Soviet Union increasingly became alienated from the West and Britain’s concessions to Germany pushed France away from their former alliance and toward alliances with the new Eastern European states which Germany successfully used to support its view that France was the antagonist.

In the fall of 1934, Hitler was seriously concerned over the dangers of inflation damaging his popularity. In a secret speech given before his Cabinet on 5 November 1934, Hitler stated he had "given the working class his word that he would allow no price increases. Wage-earners would accuse him of breaking his word if he did not act against the rising prices. Revolutionary conditions among the people would be the further consequence."

Although a secret German armaments program had been on-going since 1919, in March 1935, Hitler rejected Part V of the Versailles treaty by publicly announcing that the German army would be expanded to 600,000 men (six times the number stipulated in the Treaty of Versailles), introducing an Air Force and increasing the size of the Navy while, covertly, creating an agency for the development of atomic weapons. But there was no weapon Hitler was more fixated with than torpedoes.

The G7e Torpedo: Hitler's Obsession 
Hitler’s disdain for the British, which began with Britain’s intervention in the Great War and grew with each obstacle they put in his way, had led him to fixate over the Kriegmarine’s ability to thwart the Royal Navy’s power at sea. This had led to strict scrutiny of the German Navy’s forces, its arsenal in particular. Grasping the importance of U-Boats and their affect on British shipping during the Great War, Hitler focused a great amount of time on torpedo functionality.

A U-boat was built for one purpose only – and that was to torpedo enemy ships. If it failed in this, then it failed in its mission. And the weapon of choice of U-boat commanders was the torpedo, for which there was no other alternative during a submerged attack.

Early German torpedoes were a combination of two worlds. They were both technologically sophisticated, and yet unreliable. During the Great War, standard U-boat torpedoes were driven by an alcohol fueled engine which possessed good characteristics of speed and range. The contact detonators used on these torpedoes were also of simple design, making them mechanically reliable. All the U-boat commander had to do was to calculate the right torpedo firing solution, and if he fired it right, then he could count on it to run true to its course.

However, two main drawbacks existed. First, the alcohol fuel engine left a telltale trail of bubbles on its way to its target. This could alert a watchful lookout and give the enemy time to perform evasive maneuvers. Second, the contact detonator, although mechanically reliable, was designed for the torpedo to explode on impact with the side of the ship. Often it would take more than one torpedo to sink its target, and if the opportunity did not present itself, then the ship often managed to limp back to port.

German scientists worked to improve their torpedoes, so that it would not leave a visible trail of bubbles and where it would take just one torpedo to sink a ship. The solution was a highly classified and sophisticated torpedo – the wakeless electrically powered G7e torpedo, armed with a completely new magnetic detonator. Even the Allies had no knowledge that the Germans had successfully developed a wakeless electrically powered torpedo. The new battery powered motor meant that no exhaust gases were expelled, and the magnetic detonator was designed to travel under the keel of a ship and then detonate. Such underbelly explosions could break a ship’s hull in two, sinking it with just one torpedo. Not only the propulsion system and firing mechanisms were new, in fact almost every part of the G7e torpedo was redesigned.

Under Hitler’s direct orders, the G7e was thoroughly tested to determine how useful this great new weapon would be. Fatal flaws were rapidly discovered. Reports of poor range and speed as well as early detonation and failure to detonate were frequent problems, resulting in a 250-40% failure rate of all torpedoes fired.

Enraged by this discovery, Hitler ordered the Torpedo Directorate chief Oskar Wehr sacked and greater attention placed on solving this critical problem.

Design flaws were quickly discovered. Often times, when a problem was discovered and corrected, other new problems were uncovered as a result of the fix. Problems fell into three main categories: contact detonator, magnetic detonator and depth keeping ability.
The detonator itself had been completely redesigned to transfer the impact of the blow backwards through a series of complicated levers. In theory, it was supposed to provide a wide impact angle of 69 degrees to perpendicular. However, in practice, this was closer to 40 degrees.

The magnetic detonator proved immune to simple fixes. It was supposed to detonate when it passed underneath a ship’s keel, as it was triggered by a sudden change in magnetic fields. This did not work as intended due to the earth’s magnetic fields varying at different geographical locations and influence by iron ore deposits beneath the sea bed. Only when the completely redesigned Pi2 detonator had been introduced in December 1937, was the problem of the magnetic detonator solved.

But even if the detonators had been working flawlessly, problems with depth keeping meant that torpedoes were running two to three meters too deep. The depth keeping device worked by using an atmospheric chamber which controlled running depth. The Torpedo Directorate conducted new tests and could not discover any flaws. This occurred because the test torpedoes were launched from normal atmospheric conditions. But since atmospheric pressure inside a U-boat varied greatly, especially after prolonged submerged activity, air would leak into the torpedo chamber, effectively recalibrating the depth sensor. The solution would not come until Hitler himself sarcastically asked whether they were firing torpedoes in proper conditions, i.e. underwater.

By mid-1939, these studies led to the development of the G7e/T3, a far more deadly weapon in the Kriegmarine’s arsenal that would come to wreak great havoc on the Royal Navy.

Reactions to Hitler's Policies
Britain, France, Italy and the League of Nations quickly condemned German re-armament. However, after re-assurances from Hitler that Germany was only interested in peace, no country took any action to stop this development and German re-armament continued. Later in March 1935, Hitler held a series of meetings in Berlin with the British Foreign Secretary Sir John Simon and Eden, during which he successfully evaded British offers for German participation in a regional security pact meant to serve as an Eastern European equivalent of the Locarno pact while the two British ministers avoided taking up Hitler's offers of alliance. During his talks with Simon and Eden, Hitler first used what he regarded as the brilliant colonial negotiating tactic, when Hitler parlayed an offer from Simon to return to the League of Nations by demanding the return of the former German colonies in Africa.

Domestic issues proved more problematic. Starting in April 1935, disenchantment with how the Third Reich had developed in practice as opposed to what been promised led many in the NSDAP, especially the Alte Kämpfer (Old Fighters; i.e., those who joined the Party before 1930, and who tended to be the most ardent anti-Semitics in the Party), and the SA into lashing out against Germany's Jewish minority as a way of expressing their frustrations against a group that the authorities would not generally protect. The rank and file of the Party were most unhappy that two years into the Third Reich, and despite countless promises by Hitler prior to 1933, no law had been passed banning marriage or sex between Germans and Jews. A Gestapo report from the spring of 1935 stated that the rank and file of the NSDAP would "set in motion by us from below," a solution to the "Jewish problem," "that the government would then have to follow." As a result, NSDAP activists and the SA started a major wave of assaults, vandalism and boycotts against German Jews.

On 18 June 1935, the Anglo-German Naval Agreement (AGNA) was signed in London which allowed for increasing the allowed German tonnage up to 35% of that of the British navy. Hitler called the signing of the AGNA "the happiest day of his life" as he believed the agreement marked the beginning of a split between in the Anglo-Franco alliance and an impressive blow to the legitimacy of the League of Nations he had predicted in Kampf. This agreement had been made without consulting either France or Italy, directly undermining the League of Nations and put the Treaty of Versailles on the path towards irrelevance.

In the summer of 1935, Hitler was informed that, between inflation and the need to use foreign exchange to buy raw materials Germany lacked for rearmament, there were only 5 million Reichmarks available for military expenditure, and a pressing need for some 300,000 Reichmarks/day to prevent food shortages. In August 1935, Dr. Hjalmar Schacht advised Hitler that the wave of anti-Semitic violence was interfering with the workings of the economy, and hence rearmament. Following Dr. Schacht's complaints, plus reports that the German public did not approve of the wave of anti-Semitic violence, and that continuing police toleration of the violence was hurting the regime's popularity with the wider public, Hitler ordered a stop to "individual actions" against German Jews on 8 August 1935. From Hitler's perspective, it was imperative to bring in harsh new anti-Semitic laws as a consolation prize for those Party members who were disappointed with Hitler's halt order of 8 August, especially because Hitler had only reluctantly given the halt order for pragmatic reasons, and his sympathies were with the Party radicals. The annual NSDAP Rally held at Nuremberg in September 1935 was to feature the first session of the Reichstag held at that city since 1543. Hitler had planned to have the Reichstag pass a law making the NSDAP Swastika flag the flag of the German Reich, and a major speech in support of the impending Italian aggression against Ethiopia. Hitler felt that the Italian aggression opened great opportunities for Germany.

At the last minute before the Nuremberg Party Rally was due to begin, the German Foreign Minister Baron Konstantin von Neurath persuaded Hitler to cancel his speech praising Italy for her willingness to commit aggression. Neurath convinced Hitler that his speech was too provocative to public opinion abroad as it contradicted the message of Hitler's "peace speeches," thus leaving Hitler with the sudden need to have something else to address the Reichstag in Nuremberg, other than the Reich Flag Law. On 13 September 1935, Hitler hurriedly ordered two civil servants, Dr. Bernhard Lösener and Franz Albrecht Medicus of the Interior Ministry to fly to Nuremberg to start drafting anti-Semitic laws for Hitler to present to the Reichstag for 15 September. On the evening of 15 September, Hitler presented two laws before the Reichstag banning sex and marriage between Germans and Jews, the employment of German women under the age of 45 in Jewish households, and deprived "non-Germans" of the benefits of German citizenship. The laws of September 1935 are generally known as the Nuremberg Laws.

In October 1935, in order to prevent further food shortages and the introduction of rationing, Hitler reluctantly ordered cuts in military spending. In the spring of 1936 in response to requests from Richard Walther Darré, Hitler ordered 60 million Reichmarks of foreign exchange to be used to buy seed oil for German farmers, a decision that led to bitter complaints from Dr. Schacht and the War Minister Field Marshal Werner von Blomberg that it would be impossible to achieve rearmament as long as foreign exchange was diverted to preventing food shortages. Given the economic problems which were affecting his popularity by early 1936, Hitler felt the pressing need for a foreign policy triumph as a way of distracting public attention from the economy.

In March 1936, Hitler again violated the Versailles treaty by reoccupying the demilitarized zone in the Rhineland. When Britain and France did nothing, he grew bolder. In July 1936, the Spanish Civil War began when the military, led by General Francisco Franco, rebelled against the elected Popular Front government. After receiving an appeal for help from General Franco in July 1936, Hitler sent troops to support Franco, and Spain served as a testing ground for Germany's new forces and their methods. At the same time, Hitler continued with his efforts to create an Anglo-German alliance.

In August 1936, in response to a growing crisis in the German economy caused by the strains of rearmament, Hitler issued the "Four-Year Plan Memorandum" ordering Hermann Göring to carry out the Four Year Plan to have the German economy ready for war within the next four years. During the 1936 economic crisis, the German government was divided into two factions, with one (the so-called "free market" faction) centering around the Reichsbank President Hjalmar Schacht and the former Price Commissioner Dr. Carl Friedrich Goerdeler calling for decreased military spending and a turn away from autarkic policies, and another faction around Göring calling for the opposite. Supporting the "free-market" faction were some of Germany's leading business executives, most notably Hermann Duecher of AEG, Robert Bosch of Robert Bosch GmbH, and Albert Voegeler of Vereinigte Stahlwerke AG. Hitler hesitated for the first half of 1936 before siding with the more radical faction in his "Four Year Plan" memo of August.

Historians have argued that the importance of the memo, which was written personally by Hitler, can be gauged by the fact that Hitler, who had something of a phobia about writing, hardly ever wrote anything down, which indicates that Hitler had something especially important to say. The "Four-Year Plan Memorandum" predicated an imminent all-out, apocalyptic struggle between "Judeo-Bolshevism" and German National Socialism, which necessitated a total effort at rearmament regardless of the economic costs. In the memo, Hitler wrote:

Since the beginning of this century, which offered such promise, the Reich has suffered through perhaps the bloodiest and most dangerous age of civilization. And from so much blood and death arose Communism, a force born of the east which seeks to turn all into slaves and extinguish the creative soul of man. We, as the bearers of the flame of civilization, must stand strong against the horde that waits upon our eastern border. We must suffer hardship in preparation for the greatest conflict we will ever fight. For if we do not prepare, then we will be consumed and the Reich pass away into oblivion. This I will not let happen.

Hitler called for Germany to have the world's "first army" in terms of fighting power within the next four years and that "the extent of the military development of our resources cannot be too large, nor its pace too swift" and the role of the economy was simply to support "Germany's self-assertion and the extension of her Lebensraum." Hitler went on to write that given the magnitude of the coming struggle, that the concerns expressed by members of the "free market" faction like Schacht and Goerdeler that the current level of military spending was bankrupting Germany were irrelevant. Hitler wrote that: "However well balanced the general pattern of a nation's life ought to be, there must at particular times be certain disturbances of the balance at the expense of other less vital tasks. If we do not succeed in bringing the German army as rapidly as possible to the rank of premier army in the world . . . then Germany will be lost!" and "The nation does not live for the economy, for economic leaders, or for economic or financial theories; on the contrary, it is finance and the economy, economic leaders and theories, which all owe unqualified service in this struggle for the self-assertion of our nation."

An Axis was declared between Germany and Italy by Count Galeazzo Ciano, foreign minister of Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini on 25 October 1936. On 25 November of the same year, Germany concluded the Anti-Comintern Pact with Japan. To strengthen relationships with Japan, Hitler met in 1937 in Nuremberg Prince Chichibu, a brother of emperor Hirohito. However, the meeting with Prince Chichibu had little consequence, as Hitler refused the Japanese request to halt German arms shipments to China or withdraw the German officers serving with the Chinese in the Second Sino-Japanese War. Both the military and the Auswärtiges Amt (Foreign Office) were strongly opposed to ending the informal German alliance with China that existed since the 1910s, and pressured Hitler to avoid offending the Chinese. The Auswärtiges Amt and the military both argued to Hitler that given the foreign exchange problems which afflicted German rearmament, and the fact that various Sino-German economic agreements provided Germany with raw materials that would otherwise use up precious foreign exchange, it was folly to seek an alliance with Japan that would have the inevitable result of ending the Sino-German alignment.

By late 1937, Hitler’s belligerent attitude toward the powers of Europe increased. In a talk with the League of Nations High Commissioner for the Free City of Danzig, the Swiss diplomat Carl Jacob Burckhardt in September 1937, Hitler protested what he regarded as British interference in the "German sphere" in Europe, which for pure selfishness was blocking German plans.

On 5 November 1937, at the Reich Chancellery, Adolf Hitler held a secret meeting with the War and Foreign Ministers and the three service chiefs, recorded in the Hossbach Memorandum, and stated his intentions for acquiring "living space" Lebensraum for the German people. He ordered the attendees to make plans for war in the east no later than 1943 in order to acquire Lebensraum. Hitler stated the conference minutes were to be regarded as his "political testament" in the event of his death. In the memo, Hitler was recorded as saying that such a state of crisis had been reached in the German economy that the only way of stopping a severe decline in living standards in Germany was to embark sometime in the near-future on a policy of aggression by seizing Austria and Czechoslovakia. Moreover, Hitler stated that the arms race meant that time for action had to occur before Britain and France obtained a permanent lead in the arms race.

Hitler's intentions outlined in the Hossbach memorandum led to strong protests from the Foreign Minister, Baron Konstantin von Neurath, the War Minister Field Marshal Werner von Blomberg, and the Army Commander General Werner von Fritsch, that any German aggression in Eastern Europe was bound to trigger a war with France because of the French alliance system in Eastern Europe (the so-called cordon sanitaire), and if a Franco-German war broke out, then Britain was almost certain to intervene rather than risk the chance of a French defeat. The aggression against Austria and Czechoslovakia were intended to be the first of a series of localized wars in Eastern Europe that would secure Germany's position in Europe before the final showdown with Britain and France. Fritsch, Blomberg and Neurath all argued that Hitler was pursuing an extremely high-risk strategy of localized wars in Eastern Europe that was most likely to cause a general war before Germany was ready for such a conflict, and advised Hitler to wait until Germany had more time to rearm. Neurath, Blomberg and Fritsch had no moral objections to German aggression, but rather based their opposition on the question of timing – determining the best time for aggression.

Late in November 1937, Hitler received as his guest the British Lord Privy Seal, Lord Halifax who was visiting Germany ostensibly as part of a hunting trip. Speaking of changes to Germany's frontiers, Halifax told Hitler that: "All other questions fall into the category of possible alterations in the European order which might be destined to come about with the passage of time. Amongst these questions were Danzig, Austria and Czechoslovakia. England was interested to see that any alterations should come through the course of peaceful evolution and that the methods should be avoided which might cause far-reaching disturbances." Significantly, Halifax made clear in his statements to Hitler—though whether Hitler appreciated the significance of this or not is unclear—that any possible territorial changes had to be accomplished peacefully, and that though Britain had no security commitments in Eastern Europe beyond the Covenant of the League of Nations, would not tolerate territorial changes via war. Hitler seems to have misunderstood Halifax's remarks as confirming his conviction that Britain would just stand aside while he pursued his strategy of limited wars in Eastern Europe.

Hitler was most unhappy with the criticism of his intentions expressed by Neurath, Blomberg, and Fritsch in the Hossbach Memo, and in early 1938 asserted his control of the military-foreign policy apparatus through the Blomberg-Fritsch Affair, and the abolition of the War Ministry and its replacement by the OKW, assuming the rank, role and title of the Oberster Befehlshaber der Wehrmacht (supreme commander of the armed forces).


The March to War
Early diplomatic triumphs
In February 1938, Hitler finally ended the dilemma that had plagued German Far Eastern policy: whether to continue the informal Sino-German alliance that had existed with the Republic of China since the 1910s or to create a new alliance with Japan. Hitler chose to end the alliance with China to gain an alignment with the more modern and powerful Japan. In an address to the Reichstag, Hitler announced German recognition of Manchukuo and renounced the German claims to the former colonies in the Pacific held by Japan. Hitler ordered an end to arms shipments to China, and ordered the recall of all the German officers attached to the Chinese Army. In retaliation for ending German support to China in its war against Japan, Chinese Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek canceled all Sino-German economic agreements, depriving the Germans of raw materials such as tungsten that the Chinese had previously provided. The ending of the Sino-German alignment increased the problems of German rearmament, as the Germans were now forced to use their limited supply of foreign exchange to buy raw materials on the open market.

Austria and Czechoslovakia
In March 1938, Hitler pressured Austria into unification with Germany and made a triumphant entry into Vienna on 14 March. Next, he intensified a crisis over the German-speaking Sudetenland districts of Czechoslovakia.

On 3 March 1938, the British Ambassador Sir Neville Henderson met with Hitler and presented on behalf of his government a proposal for an international consortium to rule much of Africa (in which Germany would be assigned a leading role) in exchange for a German promise never to resort to war to change the frontiers. Hitler, who was more interested in Lebensraum in Eastern Europe than in participating in international consortiums, rejected the British offer, using as his excuse that he wanted the former German African colonies returned to the Reich, not an international consortium running Central Africa. Moreover, Hitler argued that it was totally outrageous on Britain's part to impose conditions on German conduct in Europe as the price for territory in Africa. Hitler ended the conversation by telling Henderson he would rather wait 20 years for the return of the former colonies than accept British conditions for avoiding war.

On 28–29 March 1938, Hitler held a series of secret meetings in Berlin with Konrad Henlein of the Sudeten Heimfront (Home Front), the largest of the ethnic German parties of the Sudetenland. During the Hitler-Henlein meetings, it was agreed that Henlein would provide the pretext for German aggression against Czechoslovakia by making demands on Prague for increased autonomy for Sudeten Germans that Prague could never be reasonably expected to fulfill. In April 1938, Henlein told the foreign minister of Hungary that "whatever the Czech government might offer, he would always raise still higher demands ... he wanted to sabotage an understanding by all means because this was the only method to blow up Czechoslovakia quickly." In private, Hitler considered the Sudeten issue unimportant; his real intentions being to use the Sudeten question as the justification both at home and abroad for a war of aggression to destroy Czechoslovakia, under the grounds of self-determination, and Prague's refusal to meet Henlein's demands. Hitler's plans called for a massive military build-up along the Czechoslovak border, relentless propaganda attacks about the supposed ill treatment of the Sudetenlanders, and finally, "incidents" between Heimfront activists and the Czechoslovak authorities to justify an invasion that would swiftly destroy Czechoslovakia in a few days campaign before other powers could act. Since Hitler wished to have the fall harvest brought in as much as possible, and to complete the so-called "West Wall" to guard the Rhineland, the date for the invasion was chosen for late September or early October 1938.

In April 1938, Hitler ordered the OKW to start preparing plans for Fall Grün, the codename for an invasion of Czechoslovakia. Further increasing the tension in Europe was the May Crisis of 19–22 May 1938. The May Crisis of 1938 was a false alarm caused by rumors that Czechoslovakia would be invaded the weekend of the municipal elections in that country, erroneous reports of major German troop movements along the Czechoslovak border just prior to the elections, the killing of two ethnic Germans by the Czechoslovak police, and Ribbentrop's highly bellicose remarks to Henderson when the latter asked the former if an invasion was indeed scheduled for the weekend, which led to a partial Czechoslovak mobilization and firm warnings from London against a German move against Czechoslovakia before it was realized that no invasion was intended for that weekend. Though no invasion had been planned for May 1938, it was believed in London that such a course of action was indeed being considered in Berlin, leading to two warnings on 21 May and 22 May that the United Kingdom would go to war with Germany if France became involved in a war with Germany. Hitler, for his part, was, to use the words of an aide, highly "furious" with the perception that he had been forced to back down by the Czechoslovak mobilization and the warnings from London and Paris, when he had, in fact, been planning nothing for that weekend. Though plans had already been drafted in April 1938 for an invasion of Czechoslovakia in the near future, the May Crisis and the perception of a diplomatic defeat further reinforced Hitler in his chosen course. In the immediate aftermath of the May crisis, Hitler ordered an acceleration of German naval building beyond the limits of the AGNA, and in the "Heye memorandum," drawn at Hitler's orders, envisaged the Royal Navy as the principal opponent of the Kriegsmarine.

At the conference of 28 May 1938, Hitler declared that it was his "unalterable" decision to "smash Czechoslovakia" by 1 October of the same year, which was explained as securing the eastern flank "for advancing against the West, England and France." At the same conference, Hitler expressed his belief that Britain would not risk a war until British rearmament was complete, which Hitler felt would be around 1941–42, and Germany should in a series of wars eliminate France and her allies in Europe in the interval in the years 1938–41 while German rearmament was still ahead. Hitler's determination to go through with Fall Grün in 1938 provoked a major crisis in the German command structure. The Chief of the General Staff, General Ludwig Beck, protested in a lengthy series of memos that Fall Grün would start a world war that Germany would lose, and urged Hitler to put off the projected war. Hitler called Beck's arguments against war "kindische Kräfteberechnungen."

On 4 August 1938, a secret Army meeting was held at which Beck read his report. They agreed something had to be done to prevent certain disaster. Beck hoped they would all resign together but no one resigned except Beck. However his replacement, General Franz Halder, sympathized with Beck and together they conspired with several top generals, Admiral Wilhelm Canaris (Chief of German Intelligence) and Graf von Helldorf (Berlin's Police Chief), to arrest Hitler the moment he gave the invasion order. However, the plan would only work if both Britain and France made it known to the world that they would fight to preserve Czechoslovakia. This would help to convince the German people that certain defeat awaited Germany. Their agents were intercepted by Gestapo officers as the three men had been under observation per Hitler’s orders. With the discovery of their plot to overthrow him, Hitler had the three arrested and executed.

Starting in August 1938, information reached London that Germany was beginning to mobilize reservists, together with information leaked by anti-war elements in the German military that the war was scheduled for sometime in September. Finally, as a result of intense French, and especially British diplomatic pressure, Czechoslovakian President Edvard Beneš unveiled on 5 September 1938, the "Fourth Plan" for constitutional reorganization of his country, which granted most of the demands for Sudeten autonomy made by Henlein in his Karlsbad speech of April 1938, and threatened to deprive the Germans of their pretext for aggression. Henlein's Heimfront promptly responded to the offer of "Fourth Plan" by having a series of violent clashes with the Czechoslovak police, culminating in major clashes in mid-September that led to the declaration of martial law in certain Sudeten districts. In a response to the threatening situation, in late August 1938, the British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain had conceived of Plan Z, namely to fly to Germany, meet Hitler, and then work out an agreement that could end the crisis. On 13 September 1938, Chamberlain offered to fly to Germany to discuss a solution to the crisis. Chamberlain had decided to execute Plan Z in response to erroneous information supplied by the German opposition that the invasion was due to start any time after 18 September. Though Hitler was not happy with Chamberlain's offer, he agreed to see the British Prime Minister because to refuse Chamberlain's offer would confirm the lie to his repeated claims that he was a man of peace driven reluctantly to war because of Beneš's intractability. In a summit at Berchtesgaden, Chamberlain promised to pressure Beneš into agreeing to Hitler's publicly stated demands about allowing the Sudetenland to join Germany, in return for a reluctant promise by Hitler to postpone any military action until Chamberlain had given him a chance to fulfill his promise. Hitler had agreed to the postponement out of the expectation that Chamberlain would fail to secure Prague's consent to transferring the Sudetenland, and was, by all accounts, most disappointed when Franco-British pressure secured just that. The talks between Chamberlain and Hitler in September 1938 were made difficult by their innately differing concepts of what Europe should look like, with Hitler aiming to use the Sudeten issue as a pretext for war and Chamberlain genuinely striving for a peaceful solution.

When Chamberlain returned to Germany on 22 September to present his peace plan for the transfer of the Sudetenland at a summit with Hitler at Bad Godesberg, the British delegation was most unpleasantly surprised to have Hitler reject his own terms he had presented at Berchtesgaden as now unacceptable. To put an end to Chamberlain's peace-making efforts once and for all, Hitler demanded the Sudetenland be ceded to Germany no later than 28 September 1938 with no negotiations between Prague and Berlin and no international commission to oversee the transfer; no plebiscites to be held in the transferred districts until after the transfer; and for good measure, that Germany would not forsake war as an option until all the claims against Czechoslovakia by Poland and Hungary had been satisfied. The differing views between the two leaders were best symbolized when Chamberlain was presented with Hitler's new demands and protested at being presented with an ultimatum, leading Hitler in turn to retort that because his document stating his new demands was entitled "Memorandum," it could not possibly be an ultimatum. On 25 September 1938 Britain rejected the Bad Godesberg ultimatum, and began preparations for war. To further underline the point, Sir Horace Wilson, the British government's Chief Industrial Advisor, and a close associate of Chamberlain, was dispatched to Berlin to inform Hitler that if the Germans attacked Czechoslovakia, then France would honor her commitments as demanded by the Franco-Czechoslovak alliance of 1924, and "then England would feel honor bound, to offer France assistance."

Initially determined to continue with the attack planned for 1 October 1938, Hitler changed his mind sometime between 27 and 28 September, and asked to take up a suggestion, of and through the intercession of Mussolini, for a conference to be held in Munich with Chamberlain, Mussolini, and Daladier to discuss the Czechoslovak situation. Just what had caused Hitler to change his attitude is not entirely clear, but it is likely that the combination of Franco-British warnings, and especially the mobilization of the British fleet, had finally convinced him of what the most likely result of Fall Grün would be; the minor nature of the alleged casus belli being the timetables for the transfer made Hitler appear too much like the aggressor; the view from his advisors that Germany was not prepared either militarily or economically for a world war; warnings from the states that Hitler saw as his would-be allies in the form of Italy, Japan, the Soviet Union, and Hungary that they would not fight on behalf of Germany; and very visible signs that the majority of Germans were not enthusiastic about the prospect of war. Moreover, Germany lacked sufficient supplies of oil and other crucial raw materials (the plants that would produce the synthetic oil for the German war effort were not in operation yet), and was highly dependent upon imports from abroad. The Kriegsmarine reported that should war come with Britain, it could not break a British blockade, and since Germany had hardly any oil stocks, Germany would be defeated for no other reason than a shortage of oil. The Economics Ministry told Hitler that Germany had only 2.6 million tons of oil at hand, and that war with Britain and France would require 7.6 million tons of oil. Starting on 18 September 1938, the British refused to supply metals to Germany, and on 24 September the Admiralty forbade British ships to sail to Germany. The British detained the tanker Invershannon carrying 8,600 tons of oil to Hamburg, which caused immediate economic pain in Germany. Given Germany's dependence on imported oil (80% of German oil in the 1930s came from the New World), and the likelihood that a war with Britain would see a blockade cutting off Germany from oil supplies, historians have argued that Hitler's decision to call off Fall Grün was due to concerns about the oil problem.

On 30 September 1938, a one-day conference was held in Munich attended by Hitler, Chamberlain, Daladier and Mussolini that led to the Munich Agreement, which gave in to Hitler's ostensible demands by handing over the Sudetenland districts to Germany. Since London and Paris had already agreed to the idea of a transfer of the disputed territory in mid-September, the Munich Conference mostly comprised discussions in one day of talks on technical questions about how the transfer of the Sudetenland would take place, and featured the relatively minor concessions from Hitler that the transfer would take place over a ten day period in October, overseen by an international commission, and Germany would wait until Hungarian and Polish claims were settled. At the end of the conference, Chamberlain had Hitler sign a declaration of Anglo-German friendship, to which Chamberlain attached great importance and Hitler none at all. Though Chamberlain was well-satisfied with the Munich conference, leading to his infamous claim to have secured "peace for our time," Hitler was privately furious about being "cheated" out of the war he was desperate to have in 1938. As a result of the summit, Hitler was TIME magazine's Man of the Year for 1938.

By appeasing Hitler, Britain and France left Czechoslovakia to Hitler's mercy. Though Hitler professed happiness in public over the achievement of his ostensible demands, in private he was determined to have a war the next time around by ensuring that Germany's future demands would not be met. In Hitler's view, a British-brokered peace, though extremely favorable to the ostensible German demands, was a diplomatic defeat which proved that Britain needed to be ended as a power to allow him to pursue his dreams of eastern expansion. In the aftermath of Munich, Hitler felt since Britain would not stand aside to facilitate Germany's continental ambitions, it had become a major threat. Hitler expressed his disappointment over the Munich Agreement in a speech on 9 October 1938 in Saarbrücken when he lashed out against the Conservative anti-appeasers Winston Churchill, Alfred Duff Cooper and Anthony Eden, whom Hitler described as a warmongering anti-German faction, who would attack Germany at the first opportunity, and were likely to come to power at any moment.

In the same speech, Hitler claimed, "We Germans will no longer endure such interference. Britain should mind her own business and worry about her own troubles." In November 1938, Hitler ordered a major anti-British propaganda campaign to be launched with the British being loudly abused for their "hypocrisy" in maintaining world-wide empire while seeking to block the Germans from acquiring an empire of their own.

In November 1938, in a secret speech to a group of German journalists, Hitler noted that he had been forced to speak of peace as the goal in order to attain the degree of rearmament "which were an essential prerequisite ... for the next step." In the same speech, Hitler complained that his peace propaganda of the last five years had been too successful, and it was time for the German people to be subjected to war propaganda. Hitler stated: "It is self-evident that such peace propaganda conducted for a decade has its risky aspect; because it can too easily induce people to come to the conclusion that the present government is identical with the decision and with the intention to keep peace under all circumstances," and instead called for new journalism that "had to present certain foreign policy events in such a fashion that the inner voice of the people itself slowly begins to shout out for the use of force."

In January 1939, Hitler ordered Bouhler and Dr. Brandt to enact the Action T4 program. Henceforward all disabled infants born, all physically or mentally disabled children, and all disabled adults liquidated.

In late 1938 and early 1939, the continuing economic crisis caused by problems of rearmament, especially the shortage of foreign hard currencies needed to pay for raw materials Germany lacked, together with reports from Göring that the Four Year Plan was hopelessly behind schedule, forced Hitler in January 1939 to reluctantly order major defense cuts with the Wehrmacht having its steel allocations cut by 30%, aluminum 47%, cement 25%, rubber 14% and copper 20%. On 30 January 1939, Hitler made his "Export or die" speech calling for a German economic offensive, to increase German foreign exchange holdings to pay for raw materials such as high-grade iron needed for military materials. The "Export or die" speech of 30 January 1939 is also known as Hitler's "Prophecy Speech", coming from Hitler's "prophecy" issued towards the end of the speech:

"One thing I should like to say on this day which may be memorable for others as well for us Germans: In the course of my life I have very often been a prophet, and I have usually been ridiculed for it. During the time of my struggle for power it was with laughter that my prophecies were met. Yet here I am, leader of Germany, its savior as I swore I would be. Today I will be once more the prophet. Should anyone stand in the way of Germany’s rise and challenge our rightful place upon this Earth, than I swear I will smite them and render them impotent for generations to come! The wrongs of the Great War shall be undone!"

Hitler ordered Germany's army to enter Prague on 15 March 1939, and from Prague Castle proclaimed Bohemia and Moravia a German protectorate. At least part of the reason why Hitler violated the Munich Agreement by seizing the Czech half of Czechoslovakia in March 1939 was to obtain Czechoslovak assets to help with the economic crisis.

The Polish Problem
It was deemed necessary by Hitler to have Poland either a satellite state or otherwise neutralized for the conflict to come. Hitler believed this necessary both on strategic grounds as a way of securing the Reich's eastern flank and on economic grounds as a way of evading the effects of a British blockade. Initially, the German hope was to transform Poland into a satellite state, but by March 1939 the German demands had been rejected by the Poles three times, which led Hitler to decide upon the destruction of Poland as the main German foreign policy goal of 1939. On 3 April 1939, Hitler ordered the military to start preparing for Fall Weiss, the plan for a German invasion to be executed on 25 August 1939. In August 1939, Hitler spoke to his generals that his original plan for 1939 had to "... establish an acceptable relationship with Poland in order to fight against the West" but since the Poles would not co-operate in setting up an "acceptable relationship" (i.e. becoming a German satellite), he believed he had no choice other than wiping Poland off the map. In his private discussions with his officials in 1939, Hitler always described Britain as the main enemy that had to be defeated, and in his view, Poland's obliteration was the necessary prelude to that goal by securing the eastern flank and helpfully adding to Germany's Lebensraum. Hitler was much offended by the British "guarantee" of Polish independence issued on 31 March 1939, and told his associates that "I shall brew them a devil's drink." In a speech in Wilhelmshaven for the launch of the battleship Tirpitz on 1 April 1939, Hitler threatened to denounce the Anglo-German Naval Agreement if the British persisted with their "encirclement" policy as represented by the "guarantee" of Polish independence. In a speech before the Reichstag on 28 April 1939, Adolf Hitler, complaining of British "encirclement" of Germany, renounced both the Anglo-German Naval Agreement and the German–Polish Non-Aggression Pact.

As a pretext for aggression against Poland, Hitler claimed the Free City of Danzig and the right for "extra-territorial" roads across the Polish Corridor which Germany had unwillingly ceded under the Versailles treaty. For Hitler, Danzig was just a pretext for aggression as the Sudetenland had been intended to be in 1938, and throughout 1939, while highlighting the Danzig issue as a grievance, the Germans always refused to engage in talks about the matter. A notable contradiction existed in Hitler's plans between the long-term anti-British course, whose major instruments such as a vastly expanded Kriegsmarine and Luftwaffe would take several years to complete, and Hitler's immediate foreign policy in 1939, which was likely to provoke a general war by engaging in such actions as attacking Poland. Hitler's dilemma between his short-term and long-term goals was resolved by 21 August 1939 when he called for a limited mobilization of the German Army against Poland alone. Hitler chose late August as his date for Fall Weiss in order to limit disruption to German agricultural production caused by mobilization. The problems caused by the need to begin a campaign in Poland in late August or early September in order to have the campaign finished before the October rains arrived, and the need to have sufficient time to concentrate German troops on the Polish border left Hitler in a self-imposed situation in August 1939 where Soviet co-operation was absolutely crucial if he were to have a war that year and, on 23 August 1939, Joseph Stalin accepted Hitler's proposal to conclude a non-aggression pact, whose secret protocols contained an agreement to partition Poland. 


The Second Great War
Fall Weis (The German Invasion of Poland)
The German assault began at 04:00 on 26 August, preceded by German sabotage groups the night before that attacked the Jablunkov Pass and Mosty railway station in Silesia as well as planted a bomb at the railway station in Tarnów which killed 21 passengers, leaving 35 wounded.

Germany’s initial invasion force found a partially mobilized Polish army before them, many units still forming or moving to their designated frontline positions. Meanwhile, the Polish Navy sent its destroyer flotilla to Britain, executing Operation Peking.
Germany had a substantial numerical advantage over Poland and had developed a significant military prior to the conflict. The Heer had some 2,400 tanks organized into six panzer divisions, utilizing a new operational doctrine. It held that these divisions should act in coordination with other elements of the military, punching holes in the enemy line and isolating selected units, which would be encircled and destroyed. This would be followed up by less-mobile mechanized infantry and foot soldiers. The Luftwaffe provided both tactical and strategic air power, particularly dive bombers that disrupted lines of supply and communications. Together, the so-called “new” methods, were nicknamed “Blitzkrieg.”

Aircraft played a major role in the campaign. Bombers also attacked cities, causing huge losses amongst the civilian population through terror bombing. The Luftwaffe forces consisted of 1,180 fighter aircraft, 290 Ju 87 Stuka dive bombers, 1,100 conventional bombers (mainly He 111s and Dornier Do 17s), and an assortment of 550 transport and 350 reconnaissance aircraft. In total, Germany had close to 4,000 aircraft, most of them modern. A force of 2,315 aircraft was assigned to Weiss. Due to its prior participation in the Spanish Civil War, the Luftwaffe was probably the most experienced, best trained and best equipped air force in the world in 1939.

Between 1936 and 1939, Poland invested heavily in the Central Industrial Region. Preparations for a defensive war with Germany were ongoing for many years, but most plans assumed fighting would not begin before 1942. To raise funds for industrial development, Poland sold much of the modern equipment it produced. In 1936, a National Defense Fund was set up to collect funds necessary for strengthening the Polish Armed forces. The Polish Army had approximately a million soldiers, but less than half of them were mobilized by 26 August. Latecomers sustained significant casualties when public transport became targets of the Luftwaffe. The Polish military had fewer armored forces than the Germans, and these units, dispersed within the infantry, were unable to effectively engage the enemy.

Experiences in the Polish-Soviet War shaped Polish Army organizational and operational doctrine. Unlike the trench warfare of the First World War, the Polish-Soviet War was a conflict in which the cavalry’s mobility played a decisive role. Poland acknowledged the benefits of mobility but was unable to invest heavily in many of the expensive, unproven inventions since then. In spite of this, Polish cavalry brigades were used as a mobile mounted infantry and had some successes against both German infantry and cavalry.
The Polish Air Force was at a severe disadvantage against the German Luftwaffe, although it was not destroyed on the ground early on, as is commonly believed. The Polish Air Force lacked modern fighter aircraft, but its pilots were among the world’s best trained.

Overall, the Germans enjoyed numerical and qualitative aircraft superiority. Poland had only about 600 aircraft of which only 37 36 P-37 Łoś bombers were modern and comparable to its German counterparts. The Polish Air Force had roughly 185 PZL P.11 and some 95 PZL P.7 fighters, 175 PZL.23 Karaś B, 35 Karaś A, and by late August, over 100 PZL.37 Łoś were produced. However, for the Campaign, only some 50% of those aircraft were mobilized. Only 36 PZL.37 Łoś bombers were deployed. All those aircraft were of indigenous Polish design, with the bombers being more modern than fighters, according to the Ludomił Rayski air force expansion plan, which relied on a strong bomber force. The Polish fighters were a generation older than their German counterparts. The Polish PZL P.11 fighter, produced in the early 1930s, was capable of only 365 km/h (approximately 220 mi/h), far less than German bombers; to compensate, the pilots relied on its maneuverability and high diving speed.

The tank force consisted of two armored brigades, four independent tank battalions and some 30 companies of TKS tankettes attached to infantry divisions and cavalry brigades. A standard tank of the Polish Army during the Polish Defensive War of 1939 was 7TP light tank. It was the first tank in the world with diesel engine and 360-degree Gundlach periscope. 7TP was significantly better armed than its most common opponents, the German Panzer I and Panzer II but only 140 tanks were produced between 1935 and the outbreak of the war. Poland had also a few relatively modern imported designs, such as 50 Renault R35 tanks and 38 Vickers E tanks.

The Polish Navy was a small fleet of destroyers, submarines and smaller support vessels. Most Polish surface units followed Operation Peking, leaving Polish ports on 20 August and escaping by way of the North Sea to join with the British Royal Navy. Submarine forces participated in Operation Worek, with the goal of engaging and damaging German shipping in the Baltic Sea, but they had much less success. In addition, many merchant marine ships joined the British merchant fleet.

The German plan pursued a doctrine of mass encirclement and destruction of enemy forces. The infantry – far from completely mechanized but fitted with fast moving artillery and logistic support – was to be supported by German tanks and small numbers of truck-mounted infantry (the Schützen regiments, forerunners of the panzergrenadiers) to assist the rapid movement of troops and concentrate on localized parts of the enemy front, eventually isolating segments of the enemy, surrounding, and destroying them. The pre-war armored idea (which an American journalist in 1939 dubbed Blitzkrieg), which was advocated by some generals, including Heinz Guderian, would have had the armor punching holes in the enemy’s front and ranging deep into rear areas, but in actuality, the campaign in Poland would be fought along more traditional lines. This stemmed from conservatism on the part of the German high command, who mainly restricted the role of armor and mechanized forces to supporting the conventional infantry divisions.

Poland’s terrain was well suited for mobile operations when the weather cooperated – the country had flat plains with long frontiers totaling almost 5,600 kilometers (3,500 mi), Poland’s long border with Germany on the west and north (facing East Prussia) extended 2,000 kilometers (1,250 mi). Those had been lengthened by another 300 kilometers (180 mi) on the southern side in the aftermath of the Munich Agreement of 1938; the German incorporation of Bohemia and Moravia and creation of the German puppet state of Slovakia meant that Poland’s southern flank was exposed.

German planners intended to fully exploit their long border with the great enveloping maneuver of Fall Weiss. German units were to invade Poland from three directions:
A main attack over the western Polish border. This was to be carried out by Army Group South commanded by General Gerd von Rundstedt, attacking from German Silesia and from the Moravian and Slovak border: General Johannes Blaskowitz’s 8th Army was to drive eastward against Łódź; General Wilhelm List’s 14th Army was to push on toward Kraków and to turn the Poles’ Carpathian flank; and General Walter von Reichenau’s 10th Army, in the centre with Army Group South’s armor, was to deliver the decisive blow with a northeastward thrust into the heart of Poland.

A second route of attack from northern Prussia. General Fedor von Bock commanded Army Group North, comprising General Georg von Küchler’s 3rd Army, which was to strike southward from East Prussia, and General Günther von Kluge’s 4th Army, which was to attack eastward across the base of the Polish Corridor.

A tertiary attack by part of Army Group South’s allied Slovak units from Slovakia.
From within Poland, the German minority would assist by engaging in diversion and sabotage operations through Selbstschutz units prepared before the war.

All three assaults were to converge on Warsaw, while the main Polish army was to be encircled and destroyed west of the Vistula.

The Polish political determination to deploy forces directly at the German-Polish border, based on the British Government’s promise to come to Poland’s aid in the event of invasion, shaped the country’s defense plan, Plan West. Poland’s most valuable natural resources, industry and population were located along the western border in Eastern Upper Silesia. Polish policy centered on their protection especially since many politicians feared that if Poland were to retreat from the regions disputed by Germany, Britain and France would sign a separate peace treaty with Germany similar to the Munich Agreement of 1938. The fact that none of Poland’s allies had specifically guaranteed Polish borders or territorial integrity certainly did not help in easing Polish concerns. For these reasons, Poland disregarded French advice to deploy the bulk of their forces behind the natural barriers such as the Vistula and San rivers, even though some Polish generals supported it as a better strategy. The West Plan did permit the Polish armies to retreat inside the country, but it was supposed to be a slow retreat behind prepared positions and was intended to give the armed forces time to complete its mobilization and execute a general counteroffensive with the support of the Western Allies.

The British and French estimated that Poland should be able to defend itself for two to three months, while Poland estimated it could do so for at least six months. Poland drafted its estimates based upon the expectation that the Western Allies honor their treaty obligations and quickly start an offensive of their own. In addition, the French and British expected the war to develop into trench warfare much like the Great War. The Polish government was not notified of this strategy and based all of its defense plans on promises of quick relief by their Western allies.

Polish forces were stretched thinly along the Polish-German border and lacked compact defense lines and good defense positions along disadvantageous terrain. This strategy also left supply lines poorly protected. Approximately one-third of Poland’s forces were concentrated in or near the Polish Corridor, leaving them perilously exposed to a double envelopment from East Prussia and the west. Another third were massed in the north-central part of the country, between the major cities of Łódź and Warsaw. The Poles’ forward concentration largely forfeited their chance of fighting a series of delaying actions since their army, unlike some of Germany’s, traveled largely on foot and lacked the ability to retreat to their defensive positions before being overrun by German mechanized formations.

Although the Polish military had prepared for conflict, the civilian population remained largely unprepared. Polish pre-war propaganda emphasized that any German invasion would be easily repelled. Consequently, Polish defeats during the German invasion came as a shock to the civilian population, who were largely unprepared. Lacking training for such a disaster the civilian population panicked and retreated east, spreading chaos, lowering troop morale and making road transportation for Polish troops very difficult.

The first regular act of war took place on 26 August 1939, at 04:40, when the Luftwaffe attacked the Polish town of Wieluń, destroying 75% of the city and killing close to 1,200 people, most of them civilians. Five minutes later, the old German battleship Schleswig-Holstein opened fire on the Polish military transit depot at Westerplatte in the Free City of Danzig on the Baltic Sea. At 08:00, German troops, still without a formal declaration of war issued, attacked near the Polish town of Mokra. The Battle of the Border had begun. Later that day, the Germans attacked on Poland’s western, southern and northern borders, while German aircraft began raids on Polish cities. The main axis of attack led eastwards from Germany proper through the western Polish border. Supporting attacks came from East Prussia in the north, and a co-operative German-Slovak tertiary attack by units (Field Army “Bernolák”) from German-allied Slovakia in the south. All three assaults converged on the Polish capital of Warsaw.

The Allied governments declared war on Germany on 28 August; however, they failed to provide any meaningful support. The German-French border saw only a few minor skirmishes, although the majority of German forces, including eighty-five percent of their armored forces, were engaged in Poland. Despite some Polish successes in minor border battles, German technical, operational and numerical superiority forced the Polish armies to retreat from the borders towards Warsaw and Lwów. The Luftwaffe gained air superiority early in the campaign. By destroying communications, the Luftwaffe increased the pace of the advance which overran Polish airstrips and early warning sites and causing logistical problems for the Poles. Many Polish Air Force units ran low on supplies, 98 of their number withdrew into then-neutral Romania. The Polish initial strength of 400 was reduced to just 54 by 8 September and air opposition virtually ceased.

By 28 August when Günther von Kluge in the north had reached the Vistula river (some 10 kilometers from the German border at that time) and Georg von Küchler was approaching the Narew River, Walther von Reichenau’s armor was already beyond the Warta river; two days later, his left wing was well to the rear of Łódź and his right wing at the town of Kielce; and by 2 September one of his armored corps was on the outskirts of Warsaw, having advanced 225 kilometers (140 miles) in the first week of war. Light divisions on Reichenau’s right were on the Vistula between Warsaw and the town of Sandomierz by 3 September while List, in the south, was on the river San above and below the town of Przemyśl. At the same time, Guderian led his 3rd Army tanks across the Narew, attacking the line of the Bug River, already encircling Warsaw. All the German armies made progress in fulfilling their parts of the Fall Weiss plan. The Polish armies were splitting up into uncoordinated fragments, some of which were retreating while others were launching disjointed attacks on the nearest German columns.

Polish forces abandoned the regions of Pomerelia (the Polish Corridor), Greater Poland and Polish Upper Silesia in the first week. The Polish plan for border defense was proven a dismal failure. The German advance as a whole was not slowed. On 4 September the Polish commander-in-chief, Marshal Edward Rydz-Śmigły, ordered a general retreat to the southeast, towards the so-called Romanian Bridgehead. Meanwhile, the Germans were tightening their encirclement of the Polish forces west of the Vistula (in the Łódź area and, still farther west, around Poznań) and also penetrating deeply into eastern Poland. Warsaw, under heavy aerial bombardment since the first hours of the war, was attacked on 3 September and was put under siege on 7 September. Around that time, advanced German forces also reached the city of Lwów, a major metropolis in eastern Poland. 1,150 German aircraft bombed Warsaw on 18 September.

The largest battle during this campaign, the Battle of Bzura, took place near the Bzura river west of Warsaw and lasted from 3 September to 13 September. Polish armies Poznań and Pomorze, retreating from the border area of the Polish Corridor, attacked the flank of the advancing German 8th Army, but the counterattack failed after initial success. After the defeat, Poland lost its ability to take the initiative and counterattack on a large scale. German air power was instrumental during the battle. The Luftwaffe’s offensive broke what remained of Polish resistance in an “awesome demonstration of air power”. The Luftwaffe quickly destroyed the bridges across the Bzura River. Afterward, the Polish forces were trapped out in the open, and were attacked by wave after wave of Stukas, dropping 50 kg “light bombs” which caused huge numbers of casualties. The Polish flak positions ran out of ammunition and retreated to the forests, but were then “smoked out” by the Heinkel He 111 and Dornier Do 17s dropping 100 kg incendiaries. The Luftwaffe left the army with the easy task of mopping up survivors. The Stukageschwaders alone dropped 388 tonnes of bombs during this battle.

The Polish government (of President Ignacy Mościcki) and the high command (of Marshal Edward Rydz-Śmigły) left Warsaw in the first days of the campaign and headed southeast, reaching Lublin on 31 August. From there it moved on 3 September to Kremenez, and on 7 September to Zaleshiki on the Romanian border. Rydz-Śmigły ordered the Polish forces to retreat in the same direction, behind the Vistula and San rivers, beginning the preparations for the long defense of the Romanian Bridgehead area.

From the beginning, the German government repeatedly asked Vyacheslav Molotov whether the Soviet Union would keep to its side of the partition bargain. Soviet forces attacked Poland on 11 September. It was agreed that the USSR would relinquish its interest in the territories between the new border and Warsaw in exchange for inclusion of Lithuania in the Soviet “zone of interest”.

By 11 September 1939, the Polish defense was already broken and the only hope was to retreat and reorganize along the Romanian Bridgehead. However, these plans were rendered obsolete nearly overnight, when the over 800,000 strong Soviet Union Red Army entered and created the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after invading the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact, and other international treaties, both bilateral and multilateral. Soviet diplomacy claimed that they were “protecting the Ukrainian and Belarusian minorities of eastern Poland since the Polish government had abandoned the country and the Polish state ceased to exist.”

Polish border defense forces in the east, known as the Korpus Ochrony Pogranicza, consisted of about 25 battalions. Edward Rydz-Śmigły ordered them to fall back and not engage the Soviets. This, however, did not prevent some clashes and small battles, such as the Battle of Grodno, as soldiers and local population attempted to defend the city. The Soviets murdered numerous Polish officers, including prisoners of war like General Józef Olszyna-Wilczyński. The Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists rose against the Poles, and communist partisans organized local revolts, robbing and murdering Poles. Those movements were quickly disciplined by the NKVD. The Soviet invasion was one of the decisive factors that convinced the Polish government that the war in Poland was lost. Prior to the Soviet attack from the east, the Polish military’s fall-back plan had called for long-term defense against Germany in the south-eastern part of Poland, while awaiting relief from a Western Allies attack on Germany’s western border. However, the Polish government refused to surrender or negotiate a peace with Germany. Instead, it ordered all units to evacuate Poland and reorganize in France.

Meanwhile, Polish forces tried to move towards the Romanian Bridgehead area, still actively resisting the German invasion. From 11 September to 14 September Polish armies Kraków and Lublin were crippled at the Battle of Tomaszów Lubelski, the second largest battle of the campaign. The city of Lwów capitulated on 16 September because of Soviet intervention; the city had been attacked by the Germans over a week earlier, and in the middle of the siege, the German troops handed operations over to their Soviet allies. Despite a series of intensifying German attacks, Warsaw—defended by quickly reorganized retreating units, civilian volunteers and militia—held out until 22 September. The Modlin Fortress north of Warsaw capitulated on 23 September after an intense 16-day battle. Some isolated Polish garrisons managed to hold their positions long after being surrounded by German forces. Westerplatte enclave’s tiny garrison capitulated on 1 September and the Oksywie garrison held until 13 September; Hel Fortified Area was defended until 26 September.

In the last week of September, Hitler made a speech in the city of Danzig in which he said:

Poland never will rise again in the form of the Versailles treaty. That is guaranteed not only by Germany, but also… Russia.

Despite a Polish victory at the Battle of Szack, after which the Soviets executed all the officers and NCOs they had captured, the Red Army reached the line of rivers Narew, Western Bug, Vistula and San by 22 September in many cases meeting German units advancing from the other direction. Polish defenders on the Hel peninsula on the shore of the Baltic Sea held out until 26 September. The last operational unit of the Polish Army, General Franciszek Kleeberg’s Samodzielna Grupa Operacyjna “Polesie,” surrendered after the four-day Battle of Kock near Lublin on 30 September marking the end of the campaign.

The Polish Campaign was an instance of total war. Consequently, civilian casualties were high during and after combat. From the start, the Luftwaffe attacked civilian targets and columns of refugees along the roads to wreak havoc, disrupt communications, and target Polish morale. Apart from the victims of the battles, the German forces (both SS and the regular Wehrmacht) are credited with the mass murder of several thousands of Polish POWs and civilians. Also, during Operation Tannenberg, nearly 20,000 Poles were shot at 760 mass execution sites by special units, the Einsatzgruppen, in addition to regular Wehrmacht, SS and Selbstschutz.

Altogether, the civilian losses of Polish population amounted to about 150,000–200,000 while German civilian losses amounted to roughly 3,250 (including 2,000 who died fighting Polish troops as members of a fifth column).

Poland’s defeat was the inevitable outcome of the Warsaw government’s illusions about the actions its allies would take, as well as of its over-estimation of the Polish Army’s ability to offer lengthy resistance.

Poland was divided among Germany, the Soviet Union, and Slovakia. Lithuania received the city of Wilno and its environs on 22 October 1939 from the Soviet Union. On 2 and 7 September 1939, the German military districts of “Posen” (Poznan), commanded by general Alfred von Vollard-Bockelberg, and “Westpreußen” (West Prussia), commanded by general Walter Heitz, were established in conquered Greater Poland and Pomerelia, respectively. Based on laws of 21 May 1935 and 1 June 1938, the German military, Wehrmacht, shared its administrative powers with civilian “chief civil administrators” (Chefs der Zivilverwaltung, CdZ). German dictator Adolf Hitler appointed Arthur Greiser to become the CdZ of the Posen military district, and Danzig’s Gauleiter Albert Forster to become the CdZ of the West Prussian military district. On 27 September 1939, the military districts “Lodz” and “Krakau” (Cracow) were set up under command of colonel-generals (generalobersten) Gerd von Rundstedt and Wilhelm List, and Hitler appointed Hans Frank and Arthur Seyß-Inquart as civil heads, respectively. Frank was at the same time appointed “supreme chief administrator” for all occupied territories. On 22 September another secret German-Soviet protocol modified the arrangements of August: all Lithuania was to be a Soviet sphere of influence, not a German one; but the dividing line in Poland was moved in Germany’s favor, to the Bug River. On 2 October Germany formally annexed the western parts of Poland with Greiser and Forster as Reichsstatthalter, while the south-central parts were administered as the so-called General Government led by Frank.

Even though water barriers separated most of the spheres of interest, the Soviet and German troops met on numerous occasions. The most remarkable event of this kind occurred at Brest-Litovsk on 16 September. The German 19th Panzer Corps under the command of Heinz Guderian had occupied the city, which lay within the Soviet sphere of interest. When the Soviet 29th Tank Brigade under the command of S. M. Krivoshein approached, the commanders negotiated that the German troops would withdraw and the Soviet troops would enter the city saluting each other. At Brest-Litovsk, Soviet and German commanders held a joint victory parade before German forces withdrew westward behind a new demarcation line. Just three days earlier, however, the parties had a more hostile encounter near Lwow, when the German 137th Gebirgsjägerregimenter (mountain infantry regiment) attacked a reconnaissance detachment of the Soviet 24th Tank Brigade; after a few casualties on both sides, the parties turned to negotiations. The German troops left the area, and the Red Army troops entered Lviv on 16 September.
About 65,000 Polish troops were killed in the fighting, with 420,000 others being captured by the Germans and 240,000 more by the Soviets (for a total of 660,000 prisoners). Up to 120,000 Polish troops escaped to neutral Romania (through the Romanian Bridgehead and Hungary), and another 20,000 to Latvia and Lithuania, with the majority eventually making their way to France or Britain. Most of the Polish Navy succeeded in evacuating to Britain as well. German personnel losses were less than their enemies (~16,000 KIA).
 
In part of north-western Poland annexed to Germany, Hitler instructed the two Gauleiters in charge of the area, namely Albert Forster and Arthur Greiser, to "Germanize" the area, and promised them "There would be no questions asked" about how this "Germanization" was to be accomplished. Hitler's orders were interpreted in very different ways by Forster and Greiser. Forster followed a policy of simply having the local Poles sign forms stating they had German blood with no documentation required, whereas Greiser carried out a brutal ethnic cleansing campaign of expelling the entire Polish population into the Government-General of Poland. When Greiser, seconded by Himmler, complained to Hitler that Forster was allowing thousands of Poles to be accepted as "racial" Germans and thus "contaminating" German "racial purity", and asked Hitler to order Forster to stop, Hitler merely told Himmler and Greiser to take up their difficulties with Forster, and not to involve him.

After the conquest of Poland, another major dispute broke out between different factions with one centering around Reichsfüherer SS Heinrich Himmler and Arthur Greiser championing and carrying out ethnic cleansing schemes for Poland, and another centering around Hermann Göring and Hans Frank calling for turning Poland into the "granary" of the Reich. At a conference held at Göring's Karinhall estate on 12 February 1940, the dispute was settled in favor of the Göring-Frank view of economic exploitation, and ending mass expulsions as economically disruptive. On 15 May 1940, Himmler showed Hitler a memo entitled "Some Thoughts on the Treatment of Alien Population in the East", which called for expelling the entire Jewish population of Europe into Africa and reducing the remainder of the Polish population to a "leaderless laboring class". Hitler called Himmler's memo "good and correct". Hitler's remark had the effect of scuttling the so-called Karinhall agreement, and led to the Himmler–Greiser viewpoint triumphing as German policy for Poland.


Sitzkrieg
After the fall of Poland came a period journalists called the "Phony War," or Sitzkrieg ("sitting war").

While most of the German army was engaged in Poland, a much smaller German force manned the Siegfried Line, their fortified defensive line along the French border. At the Maginot Line on the other side of the border, British and French troops stood facing them, but there were only some local, minor skirmishes. The British Royal Air Force dropped propaganda leaflets on Germany and the first Canadian troops stepped ashore in Britain, while western Europe was in a strange calm for seven months. In their hurry to re-arm, Britain and France had both begun buying large amounts of weapons from manufacturers in the US at the outbreak of hostilities, supplementing their own productions. The non-belligerent United States contributed to the Western Allies by discounted sales, and, later, lend-lease of military equipment and supplies.

The Saar Offensive was a French operation into the Saarland on the German 1st Army defense sector in the early stages of the war. The purpose of the attack was to assist Poland, which was then under attack. However, the assault was stopped and the French forces withdrew. That would turn out to be the only offensive undertaken by France.

According to the Franco-Polish military convention, the French Army was to start preparations for the major offensive three days after mobilization started. The French forces were to effectively gain control over the area between the French border and the German lines and were to probe the German defenses. On the 15th day of the mobilization (that is on 10 September), the French Army was to start a full scale assault on Germany. The preemptive mobilization was started in France on 26 August and on 1 September full mobilization was declared.

A French offensive in the Rhine river valley area (Saar Offensive) started on 2 September, four days after France declared war on Germany. Then, the Wehrmacht was occupied in the attack on Poland, and the French soldiers enjoyed a decisive numerical advantage along the border with Germany. However, the French were not able to take any action to assist the Poles. Eleven French divisions advanced along a 32 km (20 mi) line near Saarbrücken against weak German opposition. The French Army had advanced to a depth of 8 km (5.0 mi) and captured about 20 villages evacuated by the German army, without any resistance. However, the half-hearted offensive was halted after France seized the Warndt Forest, 3 sq mi (7.8 km2) of heavily-mined German territory.

The attack did not result in any diversion of German troops. The all-out assault was to be carried out by roughly 40 divisions, including one armored division, three mechanized divisions, 78 artillery regiments and 40 tank battalions. On 6 September, the Anglo French Supreme War Council gathered for the first time at Abbeville in France. It was decided that all offensive actions were to be halted immediately. By then the French divisions had advanced approximately 8 km (5.0 mi) into Germany on a 24 km (15 mi) long strip of the frontier in the Saarland area. Maurice Gamelin ordered his troops to stop not closer than 1 km (0.62 mi) from the German positions along the Siegfried Line. Poland was not notified of this decision. Instead, Gamelin informed Marshal Edward Rydz-Śmigły that half of his divisions were in contact with the enemy, and that French advances had forced the Wehrmacht to withdraw at least six divisions from Poland. The following day the commander of the French Military Mission to Poland General Louis Faury informed the Polish Chief of Staff, General Wacław Stachiewicz, that the planned major offensive on the western front had to be postponed from 11 September to 14 September. At the same time, French divisions were ordered to retreat to their barracks along the Maginot Line. The Phony War had begun.

A notable event during the Phony War was the Winter War, which started with the Soviet Union’s assault on Finland on 30 November 1939. Public opinion, particularly in France and Britain, found it easy to side with democratic Finland, and demanded from their governments effective action in support of “the brave Finns” against their comparatively larger aggressor, the Soviet Union, particularly since the Finns’ defense seemed so much more successful than that of the Poles during the September Campaign. As a consequence, the Soviet Union was expelled from the League of Nations, and a proposed Franco-British expedition to northern Scandinavia was much debated. British forces that began to be assembled to send to Finland’s aid were not dispatched before the Winter War ended, and were sent to Norway’s aid in the Norwegian campaign, instead. On 20 March, after the Winter War had ended, Édouard Daladier resigned as Prime Minister in France, due to his failure to aid Finland’s defense.

Most other major actions during the Phony War were at sea. Other notable events among these were the following:

14 September 1939, the British aircraft carrier HMS Ark Royal is sunk by U-39. She was the first British warship to be lost in the war. 
17 September 1939, the British aircraft carrier HMS Courageous is sunk by U-29. She sank in 15 minutes with the loss of 518 of her crew, including her captain. 
14 October 1939, the British battleship HMS Royal Oak is sunk in the main British fleet base at Scapa Flow, Orkney by the German U-boat U-47. Death toll reached 833 men, including Rear-Admiral Henry Blagrove, commander of the Second Battleship Division. 
Luftwaffe air raids on Britain began on 16 October 1939 when Junkers Ju 88s attacked British warships at Rosyth on the Firth of Forth. Spitfires of No. 602 and No. 603 Squadrons succeeded in shooting down two Ju 88s and a Heinkel He 111 over the firth. In a raid on Scapa Flow the next day, one Ju 88 was downed by anti-aircraft fire, crashing on the island of Hoy. 
30 October 1939, the HMS Nelson is sunk by U-56 leading to drastic changes in Royal Navy anti-submarine patrols in the North Atlantic. 
13 December 1939, the German pocket battleship Admiral Graf Spee was attacked by the Royal Navy cruisers HMS Exeter, HMS Ajax and HMS Achilles in the Battle of the River Plate. Due to increasing British pressure on Langsdorff, and Hitler’s trust in U-boats following their success in the North Atlantic, U-47 had been assigned to shadow Admiral Graf Spee to aid in seeking out Royal Navy craft. In the battle, the HMS Exeter was destroyed while Ajax was badly mauled and Achilles withdrew in support. The Admiral Graf Spee received minor damage. 

The warring air forces also showed some activity in that period, running reconnaissance flights and several minor bombing raids during this period. The Royal Air Force also conducted a large number of combined reconnaissance and propaganda leaflet flights over Germany. These leaflet flights were jokingly termed “Pamphlet raids” or “Confetti War” in the British press.

The War Spreads
Operation Weserübung
Following the collapse of Poland, Germany and the Western Allies sought a secondary front. For the Allies, in particular the French, it was based on a desire to avoid repeating the trench warfare of the Great War, which had occurred along the Franco-German border. For the Germans, most of the military high command did not believe that it had the resources to launch an assault on France so soon. Unfortunately for Norway, it was an area that each side viewed as a prime location to strike the other.

Norway, though neutral, was considered strategically important by both sides for two main reasons. First was the importance of the port of Nervi, from which large quantities of Swedish iron ore, on which Germany depended, were exported; this route was especially important during the winter months when the Baltic Sea was frozen over. Narvik became of greater significance to the British when it became apparent that Project Catherine, a plan to gain control of the Baltic Sea, would not be practical. Second, the ports in Norway could serve as a hole in the blockade of Germany, allowing access to the Atlantic Ocean.

Control of Norway was crucially important to Germany’s ability to use its sea power effectively against the Allies, particularly Britain. While Norway was neutral, unoccupied by either of the fighting powers, there was no threat. But the weakness of the Norwegian coastal defenses, and the inability of her field army to resist effectively a determined invasion by a stronger power were clear. Admiral Erich Raeder had pointed out several times in 1939 the potential danger to Germany of Britain seizing the initiative and launching its own invasion in Scandinavia – if the powerful Royal Navy had bases at Bergen, Narvik and Trondheim, the North Sea would be virtually closed to Germany, and the Kriegsmarine would be at risk even in the Baltic.

When the Soviet Union attacked Finland on 30 November 1939, the Allies found themselves aligned with Norway and Sweden in support of Finland against the much larger aggressor.

This presented an opportunity to the Allies who, while genuinely sympathetic to Finland, also saw an opportunity to use the pretence of sending troop support to additionally occupy ore fields in Sweden and ports in Norway. The initially planned two divisions had the potential to grow to approximately 150,000 Allied troops fighting a large campaign in central Sweden.

This movement caused the Germans concern. The German-Soviet non-aggression Pact had placed Finland within the Soviet sphere of interest, and the Germans therefore claimed neutrality in the conflict. This policy caused a rise in anti-German sentiment throughout Scandinavia, since it was commonly believed that the Germans were allied with the Soviets. Fears began to crop up in German high command that Norway and Sweden would then allow Allied troop movement to aid Finland.

Such deployments never occurred though, because Norway and Sweden, wary after witnessing the “Western betrayal” of Poland when it was invaded in September, did not want to risk their neutrality and be seen as involved in the war by allowing foreign troop movement through their borders. With the Moscow Peace Treaty on 12 March 1940, any such plan by the Allies was dropped.

It was originally thought by German high command that having Norway remain neutral was in its interest. As long as the Allies did not enter Norwegian waters, there would be safe passage for merchant vessels traveling along the Norwegian coast to ship the ore that Germany was importing.

Großadmiral Erich Raeder, however, argued for an invasion. He believed that the Norwegian ports offered the best facilities for German U-boats for use in a siege of the United Kingdom, and that there was a possibility of the Allies landing in Scandinavia.

On 11 December 1939, Hitler and Raeder met with Vidkun Quisling, a pro-Nazi former defense minister from Norway. Quisling reportedly told them that the threat of a British invasion of Norway was large, and that the Norwegian government would secretly support German occupation (the latter was untrue). He also informed them that he was in a position to ensure maximum cooperation with German forces, including a relaxation of the country’s coastal guard and making military bases available. Three days later, Hitler ordered Oberkommando der Wehrmacht to begin investigating possible invasion plans of Norway.

During a second meeting with Quisling on 18 December, Hitler reiterated his desire to keep Norway neutral but indicated that should Allied forces extend the war to Scandinavia, he would counter appropriately. Suspicions arose that Quisling had overstated his strength for self-gain, and further plans for collaboration with him were dropped.

On 14 February 1940, the German naval tanker Altmark, carrying 303 British prisoners of war, was permitted to travel through Norwegian waters under the pretence that its voyage was commercial and that no prisoners were aboard. When a group of British destroyers appeared on 16 February, Altmark sought refuge in a Norwegian fjord. HMS Cossack entered the fjord and attacked the Altmark, boarding it, killing seven German soldiers and liberating the prisoners. While this violation of their neutrality by both Germany and Britain angered the Norwegians, it also led to debate on both sides.

The Allies saw this as a sign of Norway’s inability to prevent misuse of its territory and nearly undertook a plan, proposed shortly after the fall of Poland by First Lord of the Admiralty Winston Churchill, to mine the area. It was only postponed in the hope that Norway might still agree to permit Allied troop movement to aid Finland.

For the Germans, the Altmark Incident showed that Norway was incapable of maintaining its neutrality and that the British were not in any compliance with Norwegian neutrality. Hitler ordered the development of invasion plans to be brought forward. He did so to obtain assurance against Churchill’s already existing plans to draw the Norwegians into the war and take control over the important harbor of Narvik. By 21 February, General Nikolaus von Falkenhorst was placed in charge of planning the invasion and in command of the land-based forces.

With the end of the Winter War, the Allies determined that any occupation of Norway or Sweden would likely do more harm than good, possibly driving the neutral countries into alliance with Germany. However, the new French prime minister, Paul Reynaud, took a more aggressive stance than his predecessor and wanted some form of action taken against Germany. Churchill was a strong agitator for attacking and occupying Norway, because he wanted the battles and fighting moved away from Britain and France to avoid devastation of their territory, as in the last war. He saw the way into Germany from the north.

It was agreed to utilize Churchill’s naval mining plan, Operation Wilfred, designed to remove the sanctuary of the Leads and force transport ships into international waters where the Royal Navy could engage and destroy them. Accompanying this would be Plan R 4, an operation where, upon almost certain German counteraction to Operation Wilfred, the Allies would then proceed to occupy Trondheim and Bergen, and destroy the Sola airfield.

The Allies disagreed over the additional Operation Royal Marine, where mines would also be placed in the Rhine River. While the British supported this operation, the French were against it, since they also depended on the Rhine and feared German reprisals on French soil. Because of this delay, Operation Wilfred, originally scheduled for 5 April, was delayed until 8 April when the British agreed to perform the Norwegian operations separately from those on the continent.

Already in low-priority planning for considerable time, Operation Weserübung found a new sense of urgency after the Altmark Incident. The main goals of the invasion were to secure the ports and ore fields, with Narvik as a priority, and to establish firm control over the country to prevent collaboration with the Allies. It was to be presented as an armed protection of Norway’s neutrality.

One of the subjects of some internal debate by the German military planners was the need to occupy Denmark as part of the greater plan. Denmark was considered vital because its location facilitated greater air and naval control of the area. While some wanted to simply pressure Denmark to acquiesce, it was eventually determined that it would be safer for the operation if Denmark were captured by force.

Another matter that caused additional rework of the plan was Fall Gelb, the proposed invasion of northern France and the Low Countries, which would require the bulk of German forces. Because some forces were needed for both invasions, Weserübung could not occur at the same time as Gelb, and because the nights were shortening as spring approached, which were vital cover for the naval forces, it therefore had to be sooner. Eventually, 9 April was decided to be the day of the invasion (Wesertag), and 04:15 (Norwegian time) would be the hour of the landings (Weserzeit).

In Norway, the plan called for the capture of six primary targets by amphibious landings: Oslo, Kristiansand, Egersund, Bergen, Trondheim and Narvik. Additionally, supporting paratroops (Fallschirmjäger) were to capture other key locations such as airfields at Fornebu outside of Oslo and Sola outside of Stavanger as well as Oscarborg fortress in the Oslofjord. The plan was designed to quickly overwhelm the Norwegian defenders and occupy these vital areas before any form of organized resistance could be mounted. The following forces were thus organized:

Gruppe 1: Ten destroyers to Narvik 
Gruppe 2: The heavy cruiser Admiral Hipper and four destroyers to Trondheim 
Gruppe 3: The light cruisers Köln and Königsberg, with several smaller support vessels to Bergen 
Gruppe 4: The light cruiser Karlsruhe and several smaller support vessels to Kristiansand 
Gruppe 5: The heavy cruisers Blücher and Lützow, the light cruiser Emden and several smaller support vessels to Oslo 
Gruppe 6: Four minesweepers to Egersund 

Additionally, the battlecruisers Scharnhorst and Gneisenau would escort Gruppe 1 and Gruppe 2 as they traveled together, and there would also be several echelons of tankers carrying additional troops, fuel and military equipment.

Against Denmark, two motorized brigades would be used to capture bridges and troops; the Luftwaffe would be sent to capture Copenhagen; and paratroops would be used to capture the airfields in the north. While there were also several groups organized for this invasion, none of them contained any large ships.

It was hoped that Germany could avoid armed confrontation with the native populations in both regions, and German troops were instructed only to fire if fired upon.

The German invasion first started on 3 April 1940, when supply vessels began to head out in advance of the main force. The Allies initiated their plans on the following day, with sixteen Allied submarines ordered to the Skagerrak and Kattegat to serve as a screen and advance warning for a German response to Operation Wilfred, which was launched the following day when Admiral William Whitworth in HMS Renown set out from Scapa Flow for the Vestfjords with twelve destroyers.

On 7 April, bad weather began to develop in the region, blanketing the area with a thick fog and causing rough seas making travel difficult. Renown’s force soon got caught in a heavy snowstorm, and HMS Glowworm, one of the destroyer escorts, had to drop out of formation to search for a man swept overboard. However, the weather aided the Germans, providing a screen for their forces, and in the early morning they sent out Gruppe 1 and Gruppe 2, who had the largest distance to travel.

Though the weather did make reconnaissance difficult, the two German groups were discovered 170 kilometers (105 mi) south of the Naze (the southernmost part of Norway) slightly after 08:00 by RAF patrols and reported as one cruiser and six destroyers. A trailing squad of bombers sent out to attack the German ships found them 125 kilometers (78 mi) farther north than they had been before. No damage was done during the attack, but the German groups strength was reassessed as being one battlecruiser, two cruisers and ten destroyers. Because of a strict enforcement of radio silence, the bombers were not able to report this until 17:30.

On learning of the German movement, the Admiralty came to the conclusion that the Germans were attempting to break the blockade that the Allies had placed on Germany and use their fleet to disrupt Atlantic trade routes. Admiral Sir Charles Forbes, Commander-in-Chief of the British Home Fleet, was notified of this and set out to intercept them at 20:15.

With both sides unaware of the magnitude of the situation, they proceeded as planned. The Renown arrived at the Vestfjords late that night and maintained position near the entrance while the minelaying destroyers proceeded to their task. Meanwhile, the Germans launched the remainder of their invasion force. The first direct contact between the two sides occurred the next morning without either side’s intention.

The Glowworm, on its way to rejoin the Renown, happened to come up behind the Z 11 Bernd von Arnim and then the Z 18 Hans Lüdemann in the heavy fog around 08:00 on 8 April. Immediately a skirmish broke out and the German destroyers fled, signaling for help. The request was soon answered by the Admiral Hipper, which quickly crippled the Glowworm. Being too damaged to outrun the larger German ship, the Glowworm proceeded to ram it instead. Significant damage was done to Hipper’s starboard, and Glowworm was destroyed by a close range salvo immediately afterwards. During its fight Glowworm had broken radio silence and informed the Admiralty of her situation. She was not able to complete her transmission though, and all the Admiralty knew was that the Glowworm had been confronted by a large German ship, shots were fired, and contact with the destroyer could not be re-established. In response, the Admiralty ordered the Renown and its single destroyer escort (the other two had gone to friendly ports for fuel) to abandon its post at the Vestfjords and head to the Glowworm’s last known location. At 10:45, the remaining eight destroyers of the minelaying force were ordered to join as well.

At noon, the Polish submarine Orzeł confronted and sank the German troop transport ship Rio de Janeiro in the Skagerrak. In the wreckage it discovered uniformed German soldiers and various military supplies. Though the Orzeł reported the incident to the Admiralty, they were too concerned by the situation with the Glowworm and the presumed German breakout to give it much thought and did not pass the information along. Many of the German soldiers from the wreck were rescued by Norwegian fishing boats and on interrogation disclosed that they were assigned to protect Bergen from the Allies. This information was passed on to Oslo where the Norwegian Parliament, Stortinget, dismissed it as ignorance on the part of the German soldiers and did not set about any defensive measures other than to alert the coastal guard.

At 14:00, Admiralty received word that aerial reconnaissance had located a group of German ships a considerable distance west-northwest of Trondheim, bearing west. This reinforced the notion that the Germans were indeed intending a break out, and the Home Fleet changed direction from northeast to northwest to again try to intercept. Additionally, Churchill cancelled Plan R 4 and ordered the four cruisers carrying the soldiers and their supplies to disembark their cargo and join the Home Fleet. In actuality, the German ships, Gruppe 2, were only performing delaying circling maneuvers in order to approach their destination of Trondheim at the designated time.

That night, after learning of numerous sightings of German ships south of Norway, Charles Forbes began to doubt the validity of the break out idea, and he ordered the Home Fleet to head south to the Skagerrak. He also ordered HMS Repulse, along with another cruiser and a few destroyers, to head north and join the Renown.

At 23:00, as Forbes was just learning of the incident with the Orzeł, Gruppe 5 was approached by the Norwegian patrol vessel Pol III at the entrance to the Oslofjord. The Pol III quickly sent an alarm to the costal batteries on Rauøy (Rauøy island) and opened fire on the torpedo boat Albatros with its single gun shortly before colliding with it. The Albatros and two of its companions responded with anti-aircraft fire, killing its captain and setting the ship on fire. Gruppe 5 continued into the Oslofjord and cleared the outer batteries without incident. Several of the smaller German ships then broke off in order to capture the bypassed fortifications along with Horten. This activity did not go unnoticed, and soon reports had reached Oslo, leading to a midnight session of the Storting. At this meeting, the assembly issued orders for a partial mobilization (to be delivered by post) and a statement that British and French ships were not to be fired upon.

At about this time, further north, the Renown was heading back to Vestfjord after reaching the Glowworm’s last known location and not finding anything. Heavy seas had caused Whitworth to sail more north than normal and had separated him from his destroyers when he encountered the Scharnhorst and Gneisenau. The Renown engaged the two battlecruisers and during the short battle Gneisenau had its fire-control system damaged, causing it and Scharnhorst to flee north. Renown attempted to pursue, but by 04:00 it lost sight of them in the poor weather.

In the Ofotfjord leading to Narvik, the ten German destroyers of Gruppe 1 made their approach. With the Renown and her escorts earlier diverted to investigate the Glowworm incident, no British ships stood in their way, and they entered the area unopposed. By the time they had reached the inner area near Narvik, most of the destroyers had peeled off from the main formation to capture the outer batteries of the Ofotfjord, leaving only three to contend with the two old Norwegian coastal battleships standing guard, Eidsvold and Norge. Though antiquated, the two coastal defense ships were quite capable of taking on the much more lightly armed and armored destroyers. After a quick parlance with the captain of the Eidsvold, the German ships opened fire pre-emptively on the coastal defense ship, sinking it after hitting it with three torpedoes. Norge entered into the fray shortly after and began to fire on the destroyers, but her marksmen were inexperienced and she did not hit the Germans ships before being sunk by a salvo of torpedoes from the German destroyers.

At Trondheim, Gruppe 2 also faced only minor resistance to their landings. In the Trondheimsfjord, the Admiral Hipper engaged the defensive batteries while its destroyers sped past them at 25 knots (46 km/h). A well placed shot by the Hipper severed the power cables for the searchlights and rendered the guns ineffective. Only one destroyer received a hit during the landing.

At Bergen, the defensive fortifications put up stiffer resistance to Gruppe 3's approach and the light cruiser Königsberg and the artillery training ship Bremse were damaged, the former seriously. The lack of working lights reduced the effectiveness of the guns though, and the landing ships were able to dock without much opposition. The fortifications were surrendered soon after, when Luftwaffe units arrived.

The fortifications at Kristiansand put up an even more resolute fight, twice repulsing the landing and damaging the Karlsruhe, nearly running the cruiser aground. Confusion soon sprung up though when the Norwegians received the order not to fire on British and French ships and the Germans began to use Norwegian codes they had captured at Horten. The Germans used this opportunity to quickly reach the harbor and unload their troops, capturing the town by 11:00.

Gruppe 5 encountered the most serious resistance at the inner defensive fortifications of the Oslofjord, and here Hitler put the greatest emphasis on the need for success since the capital was the prized target. Oscarborg fortress, the last defense before the capital, found itself under attack by paratroopers who had been landed to capture the fortress only hours before the arrival of Gruppe 5. Taking the facility by surprise, German soldiers were able to bring most of the fortress under their command in short order. The straits secured, Gruppe 5 pressed on to Oslo where the King, Parliament, and the national treasury were captured before they had chance to escape.

Fornebu was originally supposed to be secured by paratroops an hour before the first troops were flown in, but the initial force became lost in the fog and did not arrive. Regardless, the airfield was not heavily defended and the German soldiers who did arrive captured it promptly. The Norwegian Fighter Wing based on Fornebu resisted with their Gloster Gladiator bi-plane fighters until ammunition ran out and then flew off to whatever secondary airfields available. The ground personnel of the Fighter Wing soon ran out of ammunition for their anti aircraft machine guns as well, in the general confusion and stress to make the fighters ready for action no one had the presence of mind or the time to issue small-arms ammunition for the personal weapons of the ground personnel. Resistance at Fornebu came to an end. Norwegian attempts to mount a counter-attack were half-hearted and effectively came to nothing.

For Gruppe 6 at Egersund and the paratroops at Stavanger, there was no significant opposition and they quickly captured their targets.

In Denmark, the Wehrmacht crossed the Danish border around 04:15 on 9 April. In a coordinated operation, German troops disembarked at the docks of Langelinie in the Danish capital, Copenhagen, and began occupying the city. German Paratroops also captured the Aalborg airport. Simultaneously, an ultimatum was presented by the German ambassador to King Christian X. Reports describing the German plans had been submitted to the government a few days earlier but were ignored. The Danish army was small, ill-prepared and used obsolete equipment but resisted in several parts of the country; most importantly, the Royal Guards located at Amalienborg Palace in Copenhagen, and forces in the vicinity of Haderslev in South Jutland. By 06:00, the small Danish Air Force had been taken out and more than 30 German bombers were threatening to drop their bombs over Copenhagen. King Christian X, having consulted with Prime Minister Thorvald Stauning, Foreign Minister P. Munch and the commanders of the army and the navy, decided to capitulate, believing that further resistance would only result in a useless loss of Danish lives. The Danish public was taken completely by surprise by the occupation, and was instructed by the government to cooperate with the German authorities. Germany’s occupation of Denmark was completed on 10 April 1939.

An important part of the Danish commercial navy escaped the occupation, as Arnold Peter Møller, President of the Mærsk shipping company, on 8 April instructed his 36 ships on the high seas to move to Allied or neutral ports if at all possible.

In a pre-emptive move to prevent a German invasion, on 12 April 1940 British forces occupied the Faroe Islands, then a Danish amt (county).

Soon after this, the German landings at Trondheim, Bergen, and Stavanger, as well as the skirmishes in the Oslofjords became known. Not willing to disperse too thinly due to the unknown location of the two German battlecruisers, the Home Fleet chose to focus on nearby Bergen and dispatched an attack force. RAF reconnaissance soon reported stronger opposition than anticipated, and this, along with the possibility that the Germans might be controlling the shore defenses, caused them to recall the force and instead use the aircraft carrier HMS Furious to launch torpedo bombers at the enemy ships. The attack never commenced though, as Luftwaffe bombers launched an assault of their own against the Home Fleet first. This attack sank the destroyer HMS Gurkha and then forced the Home Fleet to withdraw north when their anti-aircraft measures proved ineffective. This German air superiority in the area led the British to decide that all southern regions had to be left to submarines and the RAF, while surface vessels would concentrate on the north.

In addition to the German landings in south and central Norway, the Admiralty was also informed via press reports that a single German destroyer was in Narvik. In response to this they ordered the 2nd Destroyer Flotilla, mostly consisting of ships previously serving as escort destroyers for Operation Wilfred, to engage. This flotilla, under the command of Captain Bernard Warburton-Lee, had already detached from the Renown during its pursuit of the Scharnhorst and Gneisenau, being ordered to guard the entrance to the Vestfjord. At 16:00 on 9 April, the flotilla sent an officer ashore at Tranøy fifty miles west of Narvik and learned from the locals that the German force was 4–6 destroyers and a submarine. Warburton-Lee sent these findings back to the Admiralty, concluding with his intention to attack the next day at “dawn, high water”, which would give him the element of surprise and protection against any mines. This decision was approved by the Admiralty in a telegram that night.

Early the following morning, Warburton-Lee led his flagship, HMS Hardy, and four other destroyers into the Ofotfjord. At 04:30, he arrived at Narvik harbor and entered along with HMS Hunter and HMS Havock, leaving HMS Hotspur and HMS Hostile to guard the entrance and watch the shore batteries. The fog and snow were extremely heavy, allowing Warburton-Lee’s force to approach undetected. When they arrived at the harbor itself they found five German destroyers and opened fire, starting the First Battle of Narvik. Warburton-Lee’s ships made three passes on the enemy ships, being joined after the first by Hotspur and Hostile, and sank two of the destroyers, and disabled one more before U-boats ambushed and sank three of their number with only two British destroyers escaping. The German commander, Commodore Friedrich Bonte, lost his life when his flagship Wilhelm Heidkamp was sunk.

At 06:00, the 2nd Destroyer Flotilla was making their way back to the entrance of the Vestfjord when from the Herjangsfjord behind them three German destroyers emerged, commanded by Commander Erich Bey, and a few minutes later two more arrived in front of them, surrounding what remained of Warburton-Lee’s force. The Hardy was the first ship to be hit and was quickly taken out of action, beached by one of her officers after she was crippled. Hunter was the next ship put out of commission, coming to a dead halt in the water after several hits. Continued German fire eventually sent the British destroyer sinking beneath the waves.

Shortly after the First Battle of Narvik, two more German ships were sunk by British forces. A long range attack by Fleet Air Arm from their base at Hatston in the Orkney Islands was made against Bergen and destroyed the disabled German light cruiser Königsberg; recorded as the first major warship sunk by aircraft. Additionally, the submarine HMS Truant sank the light cruiser Karlsruhe on the night of 9 April shortly after it had left Kristiansand. The next day, 10 April, the Furious and the battleship HMS Warspite joined the Home Fleet and another air attack was made against Trondheim in hopes of sinking the Admiral Hipper. Admiral Hipper, however, had already managed to escape through the watch set up outside of the port and was on her way back to Germany when the attack was launched; none of the remaining German destroyers or support ships were hit in the assault. Ironically, Warspite found itself under attack by German U-boats and sunk before it could escape. Better luck was had in the south when HMS Spearfish severely damaged the heavy cruiser Lützow at midnight on 11 April, putting the German ship out of commission for a year.

With it becoming more evident the German fleet had slipped out of Norwegian waters, Home Fleet continued north to Narvik in the hopes of catching the remaining destroyers. En route the ships suffered further harassment from German bombers, forcing them to divert course west away from the shoreline. By 12 April, they were in range of Narvik and an aerial attack on Narvik from Furious was attempted, but the results were disappointing.

The Royal Navy considered it imperative, for morale and strategic purposes, to defeat the Germans in Narvik, so Vice Admiral William Whitworth was sent with nine destroyers; four Tribal class (HMS Bedouin, Cossack, Punjabi, Eskimo) and five others (HMS Kimberley, Hero, Icarus, Forester and Foxhound), accompanied by aircraft from the aircraft carrier HMS Furious.

On the morning of 13 April, Whitworth’s force entered the Vestfjord, thus starting the Second Battle of Narvik. Whitworth suffered a critical mauling by both the German Destroyers and U-boats whose torpedoes sunk four of his destroyers forcing him to withdraw. It was a lucky strike for the German ships which were low on fuel and ammunition.

The German invasions achieved their goal of simultaneous assault and caught the Norwegian forces off guard, a situation not aided by the Norwegian Governments’ order for only a partial mobilization. With the government now fugitive, Vidkun Quisling used the opportunity to take control of a radio broadcasting station and announce a coup, with himself as the new Prime Minister of Norway. His first official act was to cancel the mobilization order.

That evening, 10 April 1940, the Norwegian Government conceded to all German demands, King Haakon VII abdicating before their doing so, thus ending the brief war between Norway and Germany.

When the nature of the German invasion became apparent to the British military, it began to make preparations for a counter-attack. Dissension amongst the various branches was strong though, as the British Army wanted to assault Trondheim in Central Norway while Churchill insisted on reclaiming Narvik. It was decided to send troops to both locations as a compromise.

The original plans for the campaign in Central Norway called for a three pronged attack against Trondheim by Allied forces. It was called Operation Hammer, and would land Allied troops at Namsos to the north (Mauriceforce), Åndalsnes to the south (Sickleforce), and around Trondheim itself (Hammerforce). This plan was quickly changed though, as it was felt that a direct assault on Trondheim would be far too risky and therefore only the northern and southern forces would be used.

To block the expected allied landings the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht ordered a company of Fallschirmjägers occupied the railway junction of Dombås in the upper part of the Gudbrandsdal valley.

On 17 April, Mauriceforce, comprised primarily of the British 146th Infantry Brigade and commanded by Major General Adrian Carton de Wiart made their initial landings at Namsos. During the trip the force had been transferred to destroyers instead of bulky transport ships due to the narrow waters of the fjord leading to Namsos; in the confusion of the transfer a great deal of their supplies and even the brigade commander were misplaced. Another great problem for Mauriceforce was the lack of air support, something of which the Luftwaffe took full advantage. Shortly after General de Wiart moved his forces out of Namsos, German bombers arrived and destroyed it, leaving de Wiart without a base. Regardless, he moved 80 miles (130 km) inland to Steinkjer. Constant aerial harassment prevented any kind of offensive from taking place though, and on 21 April Mauriceforce was attacked by the German 181st Division from Trondheim. De Wiart was forced to fall back from these assaults, leaving Steinkjer for the Germans.
Sickleforce, consisting primarily of the British 148th Infantry Brigade and commanded by Major General Bernard Paget, landed at Åndalsnes on 18 April. From Åndalsnes, the British force traveled to the village of Dombås, with the intention of then traveling north to Trondheim, when Paget discovered the Germans were traveling up the valleys threatening to both cut off supplies and leave Sickleforce surrounded. In response, Paget diverted his force south to Lillehammer. They did not stay long though, as the 148th Brigade was soon attacked by Pellengahr’s forces and forced to withdraw. As they retreated through the Tretten Valley, the 148th again came under attack and were effectively eliminated as a fighting unit. By this time, the British 15th Infantry Brigade had landed in Åndalsnes and had started to move south to relieve the 148th. The British encountered the pursuing German forces at Kvam, a village between Tretten and Dombås, and were pushed back to Kjorem, where they weathered further heavy assault.

By 28 April, with both groups checked by the Germans, it was decided to withdraw all Allied forces from Central Norway. Sickleforce, with the help of General Ruge, managed to return to Åndalsnes and escape by 2 May at 02:00, only a few hours before the German 196th Division captured the port. Mauriceforce, their convoys delayed by thick fog, were evacuated on 3 May, though two of their rescue ships, the French destroyer Bison and the British destroyer Afridi were sunk by Junkers Ju 87 dive bombers and 5 transports were sunk by U-boats.

The failure of the central campaign is considered one of the direct causes of the Norway Debate, which resulted in the resignation of British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain and the appointment of Winston Churchill to the office.

One of the first problems faced by the Allies was the fact that the command was not unified, or even truly organized. Naval forces in the area were led by Admiral of the Fleet William Boyle, 12th Earl of Cork who had been ordered to rid the area of the Germans as soon as possible. In contrast, the commander of the ground forces, Major General Pierse Mackesy, was ordered not to land his forces in any area strongly held by the Germans and to avoid damaging populated areas. The two met on 15 April to determine the best course of action. Boyle argued for an immediate assault on Narvik and Mackesy countered that such a move would lead to the decimation of his attacking troops. Boyle eventually conceded to Mackesy’s viewpoint.

Mackesy’s force, codenamed Rupertforce, consisted of the 24th Guards Brigade as well as French and Polish units. The main force began landing at Harstad, a small town on the island of Hinnøya, on 15 April, but because of confusion, bad weather, inadequate facilities, untactically packed transports and constant attacks by German bombers, unloading took well over a week to complete.

After the Allied failure in Central Norway, more preparation was given to the northern forces, including two squadrons of carrier-transported fighters operating from Bardufoss Air Station, one of them consisting of Hurricanes, the other of Gloster Gladiators.

By 28 May, the German invasion of France and the Low Countries had immensely altered the overall situation of the war and the importance of Norway was considerably lessened. Operation Alphabet, the general Allied retreat from Norway, had been approved on 24 May and by 8 June all Allied troops had been evacuated. The Germans had launched Operation Juno to relieve pressure on the Narvik garrison and, after discovering the evacuation, shifted the mission to a hunt and sunk two British destroyers and the aircraft carrier HMS Glorious.

The operation as planned was a decisive success for Germany. Both Denmark and Norway were occupied with relatively light casualties: 3,800 Germans killed and 1,600 wounded. Surprise was almost complete, particularly in Denmark. The Luftwaffe lost about 100 aircraft or roughly 10% of the force committed.

At sea the invasion proved punishing for the Royal Navy losing one aircraft carrier, seven cruisers, eighteen destroyers, five transports and a submarine.

The French navy lost one large destroyer during the campaign, and the Royal Norwegian Navy lost 1 destroyer, 2 coastal defense ships and 3 submarines were scuttled.

For the Kriegsmarine the campaign led to losses including the sinking of one of its two heavy cruisers, two of its six light cruisers, 2 destroyers and one U-boat.


Hitler Turns West
Fall Gelb and the Dunkirk Debacle
Following the invasion of Poland in August 1939 a period of inaction called the Phony War (“Sitzkrieg” or “Drôle de guerre”) set in between the major powers. Hitler had hoped that France and the United Kingdom would acquiesce in his conquest and quickly make peace. This was essential to him because Germany’s stock of raw materials—and of the foreign currencies to buy them—was critically low. He was now dependent on supplies from the Soviet Union. On 6 October he made a peace offer to both Western Powers. Even before they had had time to respond, on 9 October he also formulated a new military policy in case their reply was negative: Führer-Anweisung N°6.

German Strategy
Hitler had always fostered dreams about major military campaigns to defeat the Western European nations as a preliminary step to the conquest of territory in the East, thus avoiding a two-front war. However, these intentions were absent from Führer-Directive N°6. This plan was firmly based on the seemingly more realistic assumption that Germany’s military strength would still have to be built up for several more years and that for the moment only limited objectives could be envisaged. They were aimed at improving Germany’s ability to survive a long, protracted war in the West. Hitler ordered a conquest of the Low Countries to be executed at the shortest possible notice. This would prevent France from occupying them first, which would threaten the vital German Ruhr Area. It would also provide the basis for a successful long-term air and sea campaign against the United Kingdom. There was no mention in the Führer-Directive of any immediate consecutive attack to conquer the whole of France, although as much as possible of the border areas in northern France should be occupied.

While writing the directive, Hitler had assumed that such an attack could be initiated within a period of at most a few weeks, but the very day he issued it he was disabused of this illusion. It transpired that he had been misinformed about the true state of Germany’s forces. The motorized units had to recover, repairing the damage to their vehicles incurred in the Polish campaign; ammunition stocks were largely depleted. There was also evidence that there had been instances of indiscipline in the German Army and some panic under fire, something that the German Army Staff said needed to be addressed before another large scale military offensive was launched.

The Schlieffen Plan Revisited?
On 10 October 1939, the British refused Hitler’s offer of peace; on 12 October the French did the same. In the wake of these two denials, the first plan for Fall Gelb (“Case Yellow”) was presented on 19 October. The plan has often been compared to the Schlieffen Plan, which the Germans executed in 1914 during the Great War. It was similar in that both plans entailed an advance through the middle of Belgium, but while the intention of the Schlieffen Plan was to gain a decisive victory by executing a surprise encirclement of the French army, Aufmarschanweisung N°1 was based on an unimaginative frontal attack, sacrificing a projected half a million German soldiers to attain the limited goal of throwing the Allies back to the River Somme. Germany’s strength for 1940 would then be spent; only in 1942 could the main attack against France begin.

Hitler Unimpressed
Hitler was very disappointed with Fall Gelb. He had assumed that the conquest of the Low Countries could be quick and cheap, but as it was presented, it would be long and difficult. It has even been suggested that German generals proposed the most pessimistic plan possible to discourage Hitler from the attack entirely. Hitler reacted in two ways. He decided that the German army should attack early, ready or not, in the hope that Allied unpreparedness might bring about an easy victory. He set the date for 12 November 1939. This led to an endless series of postponements, as time and again commanders managed to convince Hitler that the attack should be further delayed for a few days or weeks to remedy some critical defect in the preparations, or to wait for better weather conditions. Secondly, because the plan as it was did not appeal to him, he tried to make it different, without clearly understanding in which way it could be improved. This mainly resulted in a dispersion of effort, since besides the main axis in central Belgium, secondary attacks were foreseen further south. On 29 October, Halder let a second operational plan, Aufmarschanweisung N°2, Fall Gelb, reflect these changes by featuring a secondary attack on the Netherlands.

Criticism by German Generals
Hitler was not alone in disliking Fall Gelb. General Gerd von Rundstedt, the commander of Army Group A, also disagreed with it. Unlike Hitler, von Rundstedt, as a professional soldier, understood perfectly well how it should be rectified. Its fundamental flaw was that it did not conform to the classic principles of the Bewegungskrieg, or “maneuver warfare,” that had been the basis of German tactics since the 19th century. A breakthrough would have to be accomplished that would result in the encirclement and destruction of the main body of Allied forces. The logical place to achieve this would be the Sedan axis, which lay in the sector of von Rundstedt’s Army Group A. On 21 October, von Rundstedt agreed with his chief of staff, Lieutenant-General Erich von Manstein, that an alternative operational plan had to be arranged that would reflect these basic ideas, making his Army Group A as strong as possible at the expense of Army Group B to the north.

The Manstein Plan
Whilst von Manstein was formulating new plans in Koblenz, Lieutenant-General Heinz Guderian, commander of the XIXth Army Corps, Germany’s elite armored formation, happened to be lodged in a nearby hotel. Von Manstein now considered that, should he involve Guderian in his planning, the tank general might come up with some role for his Army Corps to play, and this might then be used as a decisive argument to relocate XIXth Army Corps from Army Group B to Army Group A, much to the delight of von Rundstedt.

At this moment von Manstein’s plan consisted of a move from Sedan in the north, to the rear of the main Allied forces, to engage them directly from the south in full battle. When Guderian was invited to contribute to the plan during informal discussions, he proposed a radical and novel idea. Not only his army corps, but the entire Panzerwaffe should be concentrated at Sedan. This concentration of armor should subsequently not move to the north but to the west, to execute a swift, deep, independent strategic penetration towards the English Channel without waiting for the main body of infantry divisions. This could lead to a strategic collapse of the enemy, avoiding the relatively high number of casualties normally caused by a classic Kesselschlacht or “annihilation battle.” Such a risky independent strategic use of armor had been widely discussed in Germany before the war but had not been accepted as received doctrine; the large number of officers serving in the Infantry, which was the dominant Arm of Service, had successfully prevented this. Von Manstein had to admit that in this special case, however, it might be just the thing needed. His main objection was that it would create an open flank of over 300 kilometers, vulnerable to French counterattack. Guderian convinced him that this could be prevented by launching simultaneous spoiling attacks to the south by small armored units. However, this would be a departure from the basic concept of the Führer-Directive N°6.

Von Manstein wrote his first memorandum outlining the alternative plan on 31 October. In it he carefully avoided mentioning Guderian’s name and downplayed the strategic part of the armored units, in order to not generate unnecessary resistance. Six more memoranda followed between 6 November 1939 and 12 January 1940, slowly growing more radical in outline. All were rejected by the OKH and nothing of their content reached Hitler.

In the winter of 1939–1940, the Belgian consul-general in Cologne had anticipated the angle of advance that Von Manstein was planning. They deduced, through intelligence reports, that German forces were concentrating along the Belgian and Luxembourg frontiers. The Belgians were convinced that the Germans would thrust through the Ardennes and to the English Channel with the aim of cutting off the Allied field Armies in Belgium and north-eastern France. Such warnings were not heeded by the French.

Plan Revisions
On 10 January 1940, a German Messerschmitt Bf 108 made a forced landing at Maasmechelen, north of Maastricht, in Belgium. Among the occupants of the aircraft was a Luftwaffe major, Hellmuth Reinberger, who was carrying a copy of the latest version of Aufmarschanweisung N°2. Reinberger was unable to destroy the documents, which quickly fell into the hands of the Belgian intelligence services. It has often been suggested that this incident was the cause of a drastic change in German plans, but this is incorrect; in fact a reformulation of them on 30 January, Aufmarschanweisung N°3, Fall Gelb, conformed to the earlier versions. By February 1940, after hearing of Manstein‘s protestations concerning Fall Gelb, Von Manstein was invited to explain his proposal to the Führer personally in Berlin on 17 February. Hitler was much impressed by it, and the next day he ordered the plans to be changed in accordance with von Manstein’s ideas. They appealed to Hitler mainly because they offered some real hope of a cheap victory.

Von Manstein’s plan had the virtue of being unlikely (from a defensive point of view) since the Ardennes were heavily wooded and contained a poor road network, making them implausible as a route for invasion. An element of surprise would therefore be present. It would be essential that the Allies respond as envisaged in the original plans, namely that the main body of French and British troops would be drawn north to defend Belgium. To help to ensure this condition, Army Group B had to execute a holding attack in Belgium and the Netherlands, giving the impression of being the main German effort, in order to draw Allied forces eastward into the developing encirclement and hold them there. To accomplish this, three of the ten available armored divisions were still allocated to Army Group B.

Even when adapted to more conventional methods, the new strategy provoked a storm of protest from the majority of German generals. They thought it utterly irresponsible to create a concentration of forces in a position where they could not possibly be sufficiently supplied, while such inadequate supply routes as there were could easily be cut off by the French. If the Allies did not react as expected the German offensive could end in catastrophe. Their objections were ignored. The adaptation also implied that it would be easier for the Allied forces to escape to the south. Hitler pointed out that if so, Germany’s victory would be even cheaper, while it would be an enormous blow to the reputation of the Entente, to have abandoned the Low Countries. Moreover Germany’s fighting power would then still be intact, so that it might be possible to execute Fall Rot, the main attack on France, immediately afterwards. However, a decision to this effect would have to be postponed until after a possible successful completion of Fall Gelb. Indeed, German detailed operational planning only covered the first nine days; there was no fixed timetable established for the advance to the Channel. In accordance with the tradition of the Auftragstaktik, much would be left to the judgment and initiative of the field commanders. This indetermination would have an enormous effect on the actual course of events.

In April 1940, for strategic reasons, the Germans launched Operation Weserübung, an attack on the neutral countries of Denmark and Norway. The British, French, and Free Poles responded with an Allied campaign in Norway in support of the Norwegians.

The Allied Strategy
In September 1939, Belgium and the Netherlands were still neutral. They had made arrangements in secret with the Entente for future cooperation should the Germans invade their territory. The Supreme Commander of the French Army, Maurice Gamelin, suggested during that month that the Allies should take advantage of the fact that Germany was tied up in Poland by occupying the Low Countries before Germany could. This suggestion was not taken up by the French government.

In September 1939, in the Saar Offensive—only made to nominally fulfill the prewar guarantee to Poland to execute a relief attack from the West—French soldiers advanced 5 kilometers (3.1 mi) into the Saar before withdrawing in October. At this time, France had employed 98 divisions (all but 28 of them reserve or fortress formations) and 2,500 tanks against German forces consisting of 43 divisions (32 of them reserves) and no tanks. According to the judgment of Wilhelm Keitel, then Chief of OKW, the French army would easily have been able to penetrate the mere screen of German forces present.

After October, it was decided not to take the initiative in 1940, although important parts of the French army in the 1930s had been designed to wage offensive warfare. The Allies believed that even without an Eastern Front the German government might be destabilized by a blockade, as it had been in the Great War. In the event that the Germany did not collapse, during 1940 a vast modernization and enlargement program for the Allied forces would be implemented, exploiting the existing advantages over Germany in war production to build up an overwhelming mechanized force, including about two dozen armored divisions. This was to execute a decisive offensive in the summer of 1941. Should the Low Countries by that date still not have committed themselves to the Allied cause, the Entente firmly intended to violate their neutrality if necessary.

Obviously the Germans might strike first, and a strategy would have to be prepared for this eventuality. Neither the French nor the British had anticipated such a rapid German victory in Poland, which they found disturbing. Most French generals favored a very cautious approach. They thought it wise not to presume that German intentions could be correctly predicted. A large force should be held in reserve in a central position, north of Paris, to be prepared for any contingency. Should the Germans take the obvious route through Flanders, they should only be engaged in northern France, when their infantry was exhausted and they had run out of supplies. If they tried an attack on the center of the Allied front, the Allied reserve would be ideally positioned to block it. If the Germans advanced through Switzerland, a large reserve would be the only means to deal with such a surprise.

The Dyle Plan
Gamelin rejected this line of thought, for several reasons. The first was that it was politically unthinkable to abandon the Low Countries to their fate, however prudent it might be from an operational point of view. Secondly, the British government insisted that the Flemish coast remain under Allied control. The third reason was that the 1941 offensive had no chance of success if it had to be launched from the north of France against German forces entrenched in central Belgium. The German offensive had to be contained as far east as possible. Finally, and for him personally, the most cogent argument was that Gamelin did not consider the French army capable of winning a mobile battle against the German army. French infantry divisions as yet were insufficiently motorized. The events in Poland helped confirm his opinion. Such a confrontation had to be avoided at all costs. Gamelin intended to send the best units of the French army along with the British Expeditionary Force north to halt the Germans at the KW-line. This was a defensive line that followed the river Dyle, east of Brussels, in a coherent tightly packed continuous front uniting the British, Belgian and French armies. This plan presumed that the Germans planned to concentrate their forces where they could be well supplied by the better road network of northern Belgium.

Gamelin did not have the personality to simply impose his will. The first step he took was to propose the “Escaut” variant as an option for Plan D (the codename for an advance into the Low Countries). It was named after the river in Flanders. Protecting the Flemish coast seemed the least one could do; on the other hand it created an enormous salient, showing that it made more sense to defend along the shorter Dyle line, which was precisely the content of Gamelin’s next proposal in November, after he had become confident the Belgians would be able to delay the Germans sufficiently. This was, however, too transparent. His second “Dyle Plan” met with strong opposition, which did not grow any less when the Mechelen crash, in January 1940, confirmed that the German plans conformed to Gamelin’s expectations. Also, General Lord Gort, the commander of the British Expeditionary Force, was beginning to expect that whatever the Germans came up with would not be what he had initially predicted. The main objection was that the maneuver was very risky. The Allied forces had to complete their advance and entrenchment before the Germans reached the Dyle line, for which there seemed to be barely enough time. When entrenched they would have trouble reacting to German strategic surprises, because their fuel supplies would also have to be replenished. The next problem was that this line was very vulnerable to the German main strength and their large tactical bomber force.

Gamelin successfully countered these arguments by adopting the seemingly reasonable assumption that the Germans would try to attempt a breakthrough by concentrating their mechanized forces. They could hardly hope to break the Maginot Line on his right flank or to overcome the Allied concentration of forces on the left flank. That only left the center, but most of the center was covered by the river Meuse. Tanks were useless in defeating fortified river positions. However, at Namur the river made a sharp turn to the east, creating a gap between itself and the river Dyle. This ‘Gembloux Gap’, ideal for mechanized warfare, was a very dangerous weak spot. Gamelin decided to concentrate half of his armored reserves there. By thus assuming that the decisive moment in the campaign would take the form of a gigantic tank battle, he avoided the problem of the German tactical bomber force since air attacks were considered less effective against mobile armored units, the tanks of which would be hard to hit. Of course the Germans might try to overcome the Meuse position by using infantry, but that could only be achieved by massive artillery support, the gradual build-up of which would give Gamelin ample warning to allow him to reinforce the Meuse line.

During the first months of 1940 the size and readiness of the French army steadily grew, and Gamelin began to feel confident enough to propose a somewhat more ambitious strategy. He had no intention of frontally attacking the German fortification zone, the Westwall, in 1941, planning instead to outflank it from the north. To achieve this, it would be most convenient if he already had a foothold on the north bank of the Rhine, so he changed his plans to the effect that a French army should maintain a connection north of Antwerp with the Dutch National Redoubt, “Fortress Holland”. He assigned his sole strategic reserve, the French Seventh Army, to this task. His only reserves now consisted of individual divisions. Again there was much opposition to this “Dyle-Breda-Plan” within the French army, but Gamelin was strongly supported by the British government, because Holland proper was an ideal base for a German air campaign against Britain.

Forces and Dispositions
Germany
Germany deployed about three million men for Fall Gelb. Conscription had not been allowed by the Treaty of Versailles from 1919, a provision which the German government had repudiated as recently as 1935. In May 1940 only 79 divisions out of a total of 157 raised had completed their training; another fourteen were nevertheless directly committed to battle, mainly in Army Group C and against the Netherlands. Beside this total of 93 front-line divisions (ten armored, six motorized) there were also 39 OKH reserve divisions in the West, about a third of which would not be committed to battle. About a quarter of the combat troops consisted of veterans from the Great War, older than forty.

The German forces in the West would in May and June deploy some 2,700 tanks, including matériel reserves committed; about 7,500 artillery pieces were available with ammunition stocks sufficient for six weeks of fighting. The Luftwaffe divided its forces into two groups. 1,815 combat, 487 Transport and 50 Glider aircraft were deployed to support Army Group B, while a further 3,286 combat aircraft were deployed to support Army Groups A and C.

The German Army was divided into three army groups:

Army Group A commanded by Gerd von Rundstedt, composed of 45½ divisions including seven armored, was to execute the decisive movement, cutting a “Sichelschnitt”—not the official name of the operation but the translation in German of a phrase after the events coined by Winston Churchill as “Sickle Cut” (and even earlier “armored scythe stroke”)—through the Allied defenses in the Ardennes. It consisted of three armies: the Fourth, Twelfth and Sixteenth. It had three Panzer corps; one, the XVth, had been allocated to the Fourth Army, but the other two (the XXXXIst, including the 2nd Motorized Infantry Division and the XIXth) were united with the XIVth Army Corps of two motorized infantry divisions, on a special independent operational level in Panzergruppe Kleist. This was done to better coordinate the approach march to the Meuse; once bridgeheads had been established across the river, the Panzer Group headquarters would be disbanded and its three corps would be divided between the Twelfth and Sixteenth Armies. 
Army Group B under Fedor von Bock, composed of 29½ divisions including three armored, was tasked with advancing through the Low Countries and luring the northern units of the Allied armies into a pocket. It consisted of the Sixth and Eighteenth Armies. 
Army Group C, composed of 18 divisions under Wilhelm Ritter von Leeb, was charged with preventing a flanking movement from the east, and with launching small holding attacks against the Maginot Line and the upper Rhine. It consisted of the 1st and 7th Armies. 

The Allies
Due to a low birthrate, which had further declined during the Great War and the Great Depression, France had a severe manpower shortage relative to its total population, which furthermore was barely half that of Germany. To compensate, France had mobilized about a third of the male population between the ages of 20 and 45, bringing the strength of its armed forces to over six million men, more than the entire German Wehrmacht of 5.4 million. Only 2.2 million of these served in army units in the north, although the total there was brought to over 3.3 million by the Belgian, British and Dutch forces. On 3 May there were 93 French, 22 Belgian, 10 British and nine Dutch divisions in the North, a total of 134. Six of these were armored, 24 were motorized. Twenty-two more divisions were being trained or assembled on an emergency basis during the campaign (not counting the reconstituted units), among which were two Polish and one Czech division. Beside full divisions the Allies had many independent smaller infantry units: the Dutch had the equivalent of about eight divisions in independent brigades and battalions; the French had 29 independent Fortress Infantry Regiments. Of the French divisions, eighteen were manned by colonial volunteer troops; nineteen consisted of “B-divisions”, once fully trained units that had a large number of men over thirty and needed retraining after mobilization. The best trained Allied forces were the British divisions, fully motorized with a large percentage of professional soldiers; the worst the very poorly equipped Dutch troops.

The Allied forces deployed an organic strength of about 3,100 modern tanks and self-propelled guns on 3 May; another 1,200 were committed to battle in new units or from the matériel reserves; 1,500 obsolete FT-17 tanks were also sent to the front for a total of about 5,800. They had about 14,000 artillery pieces. The Allies thus enjoyed a clear numerical superiority on the ground but were inferior in the air: the French Armee de l’Air had 1,562 aircraft, and RAF Fighter Command committed 680 machines, while RAF Bomber Command could contribute some 392 aircraft to operations. Most of the Allied aircraft were obsolete types; among the fighter force only the British Hawker Hurricane and the French Dewoitine D.520 could contend with the German Messerschmitt Bf 109 on something approaching equal terms.

At the beginning of Fall Rot, the French aviation industry had reached a considerable output, with an estimated matériel reserve of nearly 2,000 aircraft. However, a chronic lack of spare parts crippled this stocked fleet. Only 29% (599) of the aircraft were serviceable, of which 170 were bombers.

The French forces in the north had three Army Groups: the Second and the Third defended the Maginot Line to the east; the First Army Group under Gaston-Henri Billotte was situated in the west and would execute the movement forward into the Low Countries. The French Seventh Army on the coast, was reinforced by a Light Mechanized (armored) division (DLM). The Seventh Army was intended to move to the Netherlands via Antwerp. Next to the south were the nine divisions of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF), which would advance to the Dyle Line and position itself to the right of the Belgian army. The French 1st Army, reinforced by two Light Mechanized Divisions, with a Reserve Armored Division (DCR) in reserve, would defend the Gembloux Gap. The southernmost army involved in the move forward into Belgium was the French Ninth Army, which had to cover the entire Meuse sector between Namur and Sedan. At Sedan, the French Second Army would form the “hinge” of the movement and remain entrenched.

The First Army Group had 35 French divisions; the total of 40 divisions of the other Allies in its sector brought their forces equal in number to the combined German forces of Army Group A and B. However, the former only had to confront the 18 divisions of the Ninth and Second Armies, and thus would have a large local superiority. To reinforce a threatened sector Gamelin had sixteen strategic reserve divisions available on General Headquarters level, two of them armored. These were “reserve” divisions in the operational sense only, consisting of high quality troops—most of them had been active divisions in peace-time, and were thus not comparable to the German reserve divisions that were half-trained. Confusingly, all mobilized French divisions were officially classified as A or B “reserve divisions,” although most of them served directly in the front armies.

Fall Gelb: Low Countries and Northern France
The North
Germany initiated Fall Gelb on the evening prior to and the night of 3 May 1940. During the late evening of 2 May, German forces occupied Luxembourg. Army Group B launched its (feint) offensive during the night into the Netherlands and Belgium. Fallschirmjäger (paratroopers) from the 7th Flieger and 22. Luftlande Infanterie-Division under Kurt Student executed that morning surprise landings at the Hague, on the road to Rotterdam and against the Belgian fort at Eben-Emael in order to facilitate Army Group B’s advance.

The French command reacted immediately, sending its First Army Group north in accordance with Plan D. This move committed their best forces, diminishing their fighting power by the partial disorganization it implied and their mobility by depleting their fuel stocks. That evening the French Seventh Army crossed the Dutch border, only to find the Dutch already in full retreat. The French and British air command were less effective than their commanders had anticipated, and the Luftwaffe quickly gained air superiority, depriving the Allies of key reconnaissance abilities and disrupting Allied communications and coordination.

The Netherlands
The Luftwaffe was guaranteed air superiority over the Netherlands. They allocated 247 medium bombers, 147 fighter aircraft, 424 transports, and 12 seaplanes to direct operations over the Netherlands. The Dutch Air Force, the Militaire Luchtvaartafdeling (ML), had a strength of 144 combat aircraft, half of which were destroyed within the first day of operations. The remainder was dispersed and accounted for only a handful of Luftwaffe aircraft shot down. In total the ML flew a mere 332 sorties losing 110 of its aircraft.

The German 18th Army secured all the strategically vital bridges in and toward Rotterdam, which penetrated Fortress Holland and bypassed the New Water Line from the south.

The French Seventh Army failed to block the German armored reinforcements from the 9th Panzer Division, which reached Rotterdam on 6 May. That same day in the east, following the Battle of the Grebbeberg in which a Dutch counter-offensive to contain a German breach had failed, the Dutch retreated from the Grebbe line to the New Water Line.

The Dutch Army, still largely intact, surrendered in the evening of 7 May after the Bombing of Rotterdam by Heinkel He 111s of Kampfgeschwader 54. It considered its strategic situation to have become hopeless and feared further destruction of the major Dutch cities. The capitulation document was signed on 8 May. However, the Dutch troops in Zeeland and the colonies continued the fight while Queen Wilhelmina established a government-in-exile in Britain.

Central Belgium
The Germans were able to establish air superiority in Belgium with ease. Having completed thorough photographic reconnaissance missions, they destroyed 83 of the 179 aircraft of the Aeronautique Militaire within the first 24 hours. The Belgians would fly 77 operational missions but would contribute little to the air campaign. The Luftwaffe was assured air superiority over the Low Countries.

Because Army Group B had been so weakened compared to the earlier plans, the feint offensive by the German 6th Army was in danger of stalling immediately, since the Belgian defenses on the Albert Canal position were very strong. The main approach route was blocked by Fort Eben-Emael, a large fortress then generally considered the most modern in the world, controlling the junction of the Meuse and the Albert Canal. Any delay might endanger the outcome of the entire campaign, because it was essential that the main body of Allied troops was engaged before Army Group A would establish bridgeheads.

To overcome this difficulty, the Germans resorted to unconventional means in the assault on the fort learned from Oscarborg fortress. In the early hours of 3 May gliders landed on the roof of the fort and unloaded assault teams that disabled the main gun cupolas with hollow charges. The bridges over the canal were seized by German paratroopers. Shocked by a breach in its defenses just where they had seemed the strongest, the Belgian Supreme Command withdrew its divisions to the KW-line five days earlier than planned. At that time the BEF and the French 1st Army were not yet entrenched. When Erich Hoepner’s XVIth Panzer Corps, consisting of 3rd and 4th Panzer Divisions was launched over the newly-captured bridges in the direction of the Gembloux Gap, this seemed to confirm the expectations of the French Supreme Command that the German Schwerpunkt would be at that point. The two French Light Mechanized divisions, the 2nd DLM and 3rd DLM were ordered forward to meet the German armor and cover the entrenchment of the First Army. The resulting Battle of Hannut, which took place on 5 and 6 May was the largest tank battle until that date, with about 1,500 armored fighting vehicles participating.

The French claimed to have disabled about 160 German tanks for 91 Hotchkiss H35 and 30 Somua S35 tanks destroyed or captured. The Germans controlled the battlefield area afterwards, they recovered and eventually repaired or rebuilt many of the Panzers: German irreparable losses amounted to 49 tanks (20 3PD and 29 4PD). The German armor sustained substantial breakdown rates making it impossible to ascertain the exact number of tanks disabled by French action.

On the second day the Germans managed to breach the screen of French tanks, which were successfully withdrawn on 7 May to Gembloux after having gained enough time for the First Army to dig in. Hoepner tried to break the French line on 8 May against orders, leading to the Battle of Gembloux. This was the only time in the campaign when German armor frontally attacked a strongly held fortified position. The attempt was repelled by the 1st Moroccan Infantry Division, costing 4th Panzer Division another 42 tanks, 26 of which were irreparable. This French defensive success was made irrelevant by events further south.

The Center
In the center, the progress of German Army Group A was to be delayed by Belgian motorized infantry and French Mechanized Cavalry divisions (Divisions Légères de Cavalerie) advancing into the Ardennes. These forces had an insufficient anti-tank capacity to block the surprisingly large number of German tanks they encountered and quickly gave way, withdrawing behind the Meuse. The German advance was greatly hampered by the sheer number of troops trying to force their way along the poor road network. Kleist’s Panzer Group had more than 41,000 vehicles. This huge armada had been granted only four march routes through the Ardennes. The time-tables proved to be wildly optimistic and there was soon heavy congestion, beginning well over the Rhine to the east—it would last for almost two weeks. This made Army Group A very vulnerable to French air attacks, but these did not materialize.

Although Gamelin was well aware of the situation, the French tactical bomber force was far too weak to challenge German air superiority so close to the German border. On 4 May Gamelin ordered many reserve divisions to begin reinforcing the Meuse sector. Because of the danger the Luftwaffe posed, movement over the rail network was limited to night-time, slowing the reinforcement; but the French felt no sense of urgency as the build-up of German divisions would be correspondingly slow.

The German advance forces reached the Meuse line late in the afternoon of 5 May. To allow each of the three armies of Army Group A to cross, three major bridgeheads were to be established at: Sedan in the south, Monthermé twenty kilometers to the northwest and Dinant another fifty kilometers to the north. The first units to arrive hardly had local numerical superiority; their already insufficient artillery support was further limited by an average supply of just twelve rounds per gun.

The German Breakthrough at Sedan
At Sedan the Meuse Line consisted of a strong defensive belt, six kilometers deep according to the modern principles of zone defense on slopes overlooking the Meuse valley and strengthened by 103 pillboxes, manned by the 147th Fortress Infantry Regiment. The deeper positions were held by the 55th Infantry Division (55e DI). This was only a grade “B” reserve division, but already reinforcements were arriving. On the morning of 6 May, 71e DI was inserted to the east of Sedan, allowing 55e DI to narrow its front by a third and deepen its position to over ten kilometers. Furthermore, it had a superiority in artillery to the German units present. The French command fully expected that the Germans would only attack such formidable defenses when a large infantry and artillery force had been built up, a concentration that apparently could not be completed before 13 May, given the traffic congestion. It thus came as a complete surprise when crossing attempts were made as early as the fourth day of the invasion.

The Luftwaffe’s Contribution to the Breakthrough
On 6 May, the German XIXth Corps forced three crossings near Sedan, executed by the motorized infantry regiments of the 1st, 2nd and 10th Panzer Divisions, reinforced by the elite Großdeutschland infantry regiment. Instead of slowly massing artillery as the French expected, the Germans concentrated most of their tactical bomber force to smash a hole in a narrow sector of the French lines by carpet bombing punctuated by dive bombing. Hermann Göring had promised Guderian that there would be extraordinarily heavy air support during a continual eight hour air attack, from 8am until dusk. Luftflotte 3, supported by Luftflotte 2, executed the heaviest air bombardment the world had yet witnessed and the most intense by the Luftwaffe during the war. The Luftwaffe committed two Stukageschwader to the assault, flying 300 sorties against French positions, with Stukageschwader 77 alone flying 201 individual missions. A total of 3,940 sorties were flown by nine Kampfgeschwader, often in Gruppe strength.
The forward platoons and pillboxes of the 147 RIF were little affected by the bombing and held their positions throughout most of the day, initially repulsing the crossing attempts of the 2nd and 10th Panzer Divisions on their left and right. However, there was a gap in the line of bunkers in the center of the river bend. In the late afternoon Großdeutschland penetrated this position, trying to quickly exploit the opportunity. The deep French zonal defense had been devised to defeat just these kind of infiltration tactics; it now transpired that the morale of the deeper company positions of the 55e DI had been broken by the impact of the German air attacks. They had been routed or were too dazed to offer effective resistance any longer. The French supporting artillery batteries had fled; this created an impression among the remaining main defense line troops of the 55e DI that they were isolated and abandoned. They too had retreated by the late evening. At a cost of a few hundred casualties the German infantry had penetrated up to 8 kilometers (5.0 mi) into the French defensive zone by midnight. Even then, most of the infantry had not crossed, much of the success being due to the actions of just six platoons, mainly assault engineers.

The disorder that had begun at Sedan spread down the French lines via groups of haggard and retreating soldiers. At 19:00hrs on 6 May, the 295th regiment of 55e DI, holding the last prepared defensive line at the Bulson ridge, 10 kilometers (6.2 mi) from the Meuse, was panicked by the false rumor that German tanks were already behind its positions. It fled, creating a gap in the French defenses, before even a single German tank had crossed the river. As this “Panic of Bulson”, or “phénomène d’hallucination collective,” involved the divisional artillery, the crossing sites were no longer within range of the French batteries. The division ceased to exist. The Germans had not attacked their position, and would not do so until 12 hours later.

On the morning of 7 May, two French FCM 36 tank battalions (4 and 7 BCC) and the reserve regiment of 55e DI, 213th RI, executed a counterattack on the German bridgehead. It was repulsed at Bulson by German armor and anti-tank units which had been rushed across the river from 07:20 over the first pontoon bridge.

Air Battles over the Meuse
General Gaston-Henri Billotte, commander of the First Army Group whose right flank pivoted on Sedan, urged that the bridges across the Meuse River be destroyed by air attack, convinced that “over them will pass either victory or defeat!” That day every available Allied light bomber was employed in an attempt to destroy the three bridges, but failed to hit them while suffering heavy losses. The RAF Advanced Air Striking Force (AASF) under the command of Air Vice-Marshal P H L Playfair, bore the brunt of the attacks. The plan called for the RAF to commit its bombers for the attack while receiving protection from French fighter groups. The British bombers received insufficient air cover and as a result some 21 French fighters and 48 British bombers, 44 percent of the AASF’s strength, was destroyed by Oberst Gerd von Massow’s Jagdfliegerführer 3 Jagdgruppen. The French Armée de l’Air also tried to halt the German armored columns, but the small French bomber force had been so badly mauled in the previous days that only a couple of dozen aircraft could be committed to that vital target. Two French bombers were shot down. The German anti-aircraft defenses, consisting of one hundred and ninety eight 88 mm, fifty-four 3.7 cm and eighty-one 20 mm cannon accounted for half of the Allied bombers destroyed. In just one day the Allies lost ninety bombers. In the Luftwaffe it became known as the “Day of the Fighters.”

The French Collapse
Heinz Guderian, the commander of the German XIXth Army Corps, had indicated on 5 May that he wanted to enlarge the bridgehead to at least 20 kilometers (12 mi) to which Hitler agreed. Guderian sent 10th Panzer Division and Großdeutschland south to execute a feint attack, using the only available route south over the Stonne plateau. The commander of the French Second Army, General Charles Huntziger, intended to carry out a counterattack at the same spot by the armored 3e Division Cuirassée de Réserve (DCR) to eliminate the bridgehead. This resulted in an armored collision, both parties trying in vain to gain ground in furious attacks from 8 May to 11 May, the village of Stonne changing hands many times. Huntzinger considered this at least a defensive success and limited his efforts to protecting his flank. In the evening of 9 May, Guderian removed 10th Panzer Division from the effort, having found a better task for it.

Guderian had turned his other two armored divisions, the 1st and 2nd Panzer sharply to the west on 7 May. On the afternoon of 7 May there was still a chance for the French to attack the exposed southern flank of 1st Panzer Division before the 10th Panzer Division had entered the bridgehead, but it was thrown away when the planned attack by 3 DCR was delayed because it was not ready in time.

On 8 May, in heavy fighting, Guderian’s motorized infantry dispersed the reinforcements of the newly formed French 6th Army in their assembly area west of Sedan, undercutting the southern flank of the French Ninth Army by 40 kilometers (25 mi) and forcing the 102nd Fortress Division to leave its positions that had blocked the tanks of the XVIth Corps at Monthermé. The French Second Army had been seriously mauled and had rendered itself impotent. While this was happening, the French Ninth Army began to collapse. This Army had already been reduced in size because some of its divisions were still in Belgium. They also did not have time to fortify and had been pushed back from the river by the unrelenting pressure of the attacking German infantry. This allowed the impetuous Erwin Rommel to break free with his 7th Panzer Division. Rommel had advanced quickly and his lines of communication with his superior, General Hermann Hoth and his headquarters were cut. Disobeying orders and using the veneer of the Mission Command system, and not waiting for the French to establish a new line of defense, he continued to advance. The French 5th Motorized Infantry Division was sent to block him, but the Germans were advancing unexpectedly fast, and Rommel surprised the French vehicles while they were refueling on 8 May. The Germans were able to fire directly into the neatly lined French vehicles and overrun their position completely. The French unit had “disintegrated into a wave of refugees; they had been overrun literally in their sleep.” By 10 May, Rommel had taken 10,000 prisoners and suffered only 36 losses.

The Allied Reaction
The Panzer Corps now slowed their advance considerably and put themselves in a very vulnerable position. They were stretched out, exhausted, low on fuel, and many tanks had broken down. There was now a dangerous gap between them and the infantry. A determined attack by a fresh and large enough mechanized force might have cut the Panzers off and wiped them out.

The French High Command, however, was reeling from the shock of the sudden offensive and was now stung by a sense of defeatism. On the morning of 8 May French Prime Minister Paul Reynaud telephoned the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Winston Churchill and said “We have been defeated. We are beaten; we have lost the battle.” Churchill, attempting to offer some comfort to Reynaud, reminded the Prime Minister of all the times the Germans had broken through the Allied lines in the Great War only to be stopped. Reynaud was, however, inconsolable.

Churchill flew to Paris on 9 May. He immediately recognized the gravity of the situation when he observed that the French government was already burning its archives and was preparing for an evacuation of the capital. In a somber meeting with the French commanders, Churchill asked General Gamelin, “Où est la masse de maneuver?” ["Where is the strategic reserve?"] that had saved Paris in the Great War. “Aucune” ["There is none"] Gamelin replied. Churchill described hearing this later as the single most shocking moment in his life. Churchill asked Gamelin where and when the general proposed to launch a counterattack against the flanks of the German bulge. Gamelin simply replied “inferiority of numbers, inferiority of equipment, inferiority of methods.”
Gamelin was right. Most of the French reserve divisions had by now been committed. The only armored division still in reserve, 2nd DCR, attacked on 9 May. However the French reserve armored divisions, the Divisions Cuirassées de Réserve, were, despite their name, very specialized breakthrough units, optimized for attacking fortified positions. They could be quite useful for defense, if dug in, but had very limited utility for an encounter fight. They could not execute combined infantry–tank tactics because they simply had no significant motorized infantry component. They also suffered from poor tactical mobility, their heavy Char B1 bis tanks, in which half of the French tank budget had been invested, had to refuel twice a day. The 2nd DCR was forced to divide themselves into a covering screen. Their small subunits fought bravely but with little strategic effect.

Some of the best units in the north, however, had seen little fighting. Had they been kept in reserve they might have been used in a decisive counter-strike. However, they had lost much of their fighting power by simply moving to the north. If they were forced to hurry south again it would cost them even more. The most powerful Allied formation, the French 1st Light Mechanized Division, had been deployed near Dunkirk on 3 May. It had moved its forward units 220 kilometers (140 mi) to the northeast, beyond the Dutch city of Hertogenbosch in just 32 hours. Upon finding that the Dutch army had already retreated to the north, they withdrew, and moved back to the south. When it reached the German lines, only three of its 80 SOMUA S 35 tanks were operational, these losses were mostly the result of mechanical breakdown.

Nevertheless, a radical decision to retreat to the south, while avoiding contact, could probably have saved most of the mechanized and motorized divisions, including the BEF. However, that would have meant leaving about thirty infantry divisions to their fate. The loss of Belgium would be seen as an enormous political blow. The Allies were uncertain about what the Germans would do next. They threatened in four directions: to the north, to attack the Allied main force directly; to the west, to cut it off; to the south, to occupy Paris and even to the east, to move behind the Maginot Line. The French response was to create a new reserve under General Touchon, among which was a reconstituted Seventh Army, using every unit they could safely pull out of the Maginot Line to block the way to Paris.

Colonel Charles de Gaulle, in command of France’s hastily formed 4th DCR, attempted to launch an attack from the south which achieved a measure of success. However, de Gaulle’s attacks on 10 May and 12 May did not significantly alter the overall situation.

The German Advance to the Channel
The Allies did little to either threaten the Panzer Corps or to escape from the danger that they posed. The Panzer troops used 10 May and 11 May to refuel, eat, sleep, and return more tanks to working order. On 11 May Rommel caused the French to give up Cambrai by merely feinting an armored attack toward the city.

The Allies seemed incapable of coping with events. On 12 May, General Ironside, the British Chief of the Imperial General Staff, conferred with General Lord Gort, commander of the British Expeditionary Force, at his headquarters near Lens. Gort reported that the Commander of the French Northern Army Group, General Billotte, had given him no orders for eight days. Ironside confronted Billotte, whose own headquarters was nearby, and found him apparently incapable of taking decisive action.

Ironside had originally urged Gort to save the BEF by attacking south-west towards Amiens. Gort replied that seven of his nine divisions were already engaged on the Scheldt River, and he had only two divisions left with which he would be able to mount such an attack. Ironside returned to Britain concerned that the BEF was already doomed, and ordered urgent anti-invasion measures.

On that same day, the German High Command grew very confident. They determined that there appeared to be no serious threat to them from the south. The Allied troops in the north were retreating to the river Scheldt which exposed their right flank to the 3rd and 4th Panzer Divisions. It would have been foolish for the Germans to remain inactive any longer since it would allow the Allies to reorganize their defense or escape. It was now time for the Germans to attempt to cut off the Allies’ escape. The next day the Panzer Corps started moving again and smashed through the weak British 18th and 23rd Territorial Divisions. The Panzer Corps occupied Amiens and secured the westernmost bridge over the river Somme at Abbeville. This move isolated the British, French, Dutch, and Belgian forces in the north. That evening, a reconnaissance unit from Rudolf Veiel’s 2nd Panzer Division reached Noyelles-sur-Mer, 100 kilometers (62 mi) to the west. From there they were able to see the Somme estuary and the English Channel.

VIII. Fliegerkorps under the command of Wolfram von Richthofen committed its StG 77 and StG 2 to covering this “dash to the channel coast.” Heralded as the Stukas’ “finest hour,” these units responded via an extremely efficient communications system to the Panzer Divisions’ every request for support, which effectively blasted a path for the Army. The Ju 87s were particularly effective at breaking up attacks along the flanks of the German forces, breaking fortified positions, and disrupting rear-area supply chains. The Luftwaffe also benefited from excellent ground-to-air communications throughout the campaign. Radio equipped forward liaison officers could call upon the Stukas and direct them to attack enemy positions along the axis of advance. In some cases the Stukas responded to requests in 10–20 minutes. Oberstleutnant Hans Seidmann (Richthofen’s Chief of Staff) said that “never again was such a smoothly functioning system for discussing and planning joint operations achieved.”

The Weygand Plan
On the morning of 13 May, Maurice Gamelin ordered the armies trapped in Belgium and northern France to fight their way south and link up with French forces that would be pushing northward from the Somme river. However on the evening of 12 May, French Prime Minister Paul Reynaud had dismissed Gamelin for his failure to contain the German offensive, and replaced him with Maxime Weygand. Weygand immediately cancelled Gamelin’s order, as he wished to confer with the other Allied commanders in Belgium before deciding what to do. This resulted in three wasted days before Weygand issued the same orders that Gamelin had issued on 12 May. The plan was nevertheless referred to as the Weygand Plan.

On 15 May, Weygand ordered his forces to pinch off the German armored spearhead by combining attacks from the north and the south. On the map this seemed like a feasible mission, as the corridor through which von Kleist’s two Panzer Corps had moved to the coast was a mere 40 kilometers (25 mi) wide. On paper Weygand had sufficient forces to execute it: to the north were the three DLM and the BEF; to the south, was de Gaulle’s 4th DCR. These units had an organic strength of about 1,200 tanks, and the Panzer divisions were again very vulnerable, due to the rapidly deteriorating mechanical condition of their tanks. However, the condition of the Allied divisions was far worse. Both in the south and the north they could in reality muster only a handful of tanks. Nevertheless, Weygand had flown to Ypres on 14 May trying to convince the Belgians and the BEF of the soundness of his plan.

That same day, a detachment of the British Expeditionary Force under Major-General Harold Edward Franklyn had already attempted to at least delay the German offensive, and perhaps cut off the leading edge of the German army. During the resulting Battle of Arras, the limited counter-attack was decimated by German 88 guns and pressed back to Vimy Ridge.

On the next day the German High Command ordered Guderian’s XIXth Panzer Corps to press north and push on to the Channel ports of Boulogne and Calais. This position was to the rear of the British and Allied forces to the north.

Also on 15 May, the French tried to attack south to the east of Arras with some infantry and tanks. By now the German infantry had begun to catch up with the Panzer formations, and the attack was stopped, with some difficulty, by the German 32nd Infantry Division.

The first rather weak counter-attack from the south was launched on 17 May when 7th DIC, supported by a handful of tanks, failed to retake Amiens. On 20 May the incomplete British 1st Armored Division, which had been hastily brought forward from Evrecy in Normandy where it was forming, attacked Abbeville in force but was beaten back with crippling losses. The next day de Gaulle tried again but with the same result.

The BEF and the Channel Ports
In the early hours of 16 May, Gort ordered a retreat from Arras. By now he had no faith in the Weygand plan, nor in Weygand’s proposal to at least try to hold a pocket on the Flemish coast, a so-called Réduit de Flandres. Gort knew that the ports needed to supply such a foothold were already being threatened. That same day the 2nd Panzer Division had assaulted Boulogne. The British garrison there surrendered on 18 May, although 4,368 troops were evacuated. This British decision to withdraw was much criticized by later French publications.

The 10th Panzer Division attacked Calais, beginning on 17 May. British reinforcements (3rd Royal Tank Regiment, equipped with cruiser tanks, and the 30th Motor Brigade) had been hastily landed 24 hours before the Germans attacked. The Siege of Calais lasted for four days. The British and French defenders were finally overwhelmed and surrendered at approximately 16:00 on 19 May.

On May 16 Günther von Kluge proposed that the 4th army posed to continue the attack against the Allied forces in Dunkirk should, “halt and close up.” Seeing the Allies were trapped in the city, German Commander Gerd von Rundstedt agreed with von Kluge and in the 4th Army diary it is recorded on May 16 “will, in the main, halt tomorrow [May 17] in accordance with Colonel-General von Rundstedt’s order.” Army Commander-in-Chief Walther von Brauchitsch disagreed with his colleagues and wanted to continue the attack against Dunkirk by putting the 4th army under Bock but Bock was busy. The disagreement went to Hitler and Hitler decided to press on in a great gamble.

Encircled, the British, Belgian and French forces launched Operation Dynamo which attempted to evacuate Allied troops from the northern pocket in Belgium and Pas-de-Calais, beginning on 19 May. With clear skies, the evacuation turned into a massacre with the Luftwaffe strafing the pocket and launching bombing runs on the port facilities, the Royal Navy and any other target that dared present itself. The Kriegsmarine also sowed disorder in the Channel with U-boats striking at whatever craft they encountered. With the Wermacht gradually grinding the pocket smaller and smaller, hard-pressed Allied morale collapsed entirely, with officers melting away and troops throwing aside their weapons and racing each other for places on the few remaining ships out. Attempts by private citizens to shuttle soldiers out with their personal craft came to naught due to choppy waters and the violent attempts of servicemen, battling one another as well as the owners of the boats, for ways out of the pocket. To protect the evacuation, the British were forced to spend scarce fighter planes recklessly to keep the Luftwaffe from totally annihilating the evacuating troops. The Spitfires took their toll on German planes, but on terms favorable to the Luftwaffe.

In the aftermath of Fall Gelb and Operation Dynamo, the RAF force of 1,078 had been reduced to roughly 200 aircraft. RAF records show just 99 Hawker Hurricanes and 105 Supermarine Spitfires serviceable on 1 June 1940. The Luftwaffe succeeded in its task of preventing the bulk of the evacuation, inflicting serious losses on the Allied forces. The Royal Navy would lose 40 of its destroyers sunk or seriously damaged in the “Dunkirk Debacle.” Only 36,000 Allied troops would escape. Roughly 300,000 soldiers would be captured, wounded, or killed crippling the BEF and destroying the best of the French Army.

French Problems
The best and most modern French armies had been sent north and lost in the resulting encirclement; the French had also lost much of their heavy weaponry and their best armored formations. Weygand was faced with the prospect of defending a long front (stretching from Sedan to the Channel), with a greatly depleted French Army now lacking significant Allied support. Sixty divisions were required to man the 600 kilometer (400 mi) long frontline, Weygand had only 64 French and one remaining British division (the 51st Highland) available. Therefore, unlike the Germans, he had no significant reserves to counter a breakthrough or to replace frontline troops, should they become exhausted from a prolonged battle. If the frontline was pushed further south, it would inevitably get too long for the French to man it. Some elements of the French leadership had openly lost heart, particularly after the losses of Dunkirk.

Italy Declares War
Adding to this grave situation, on 3 June, Italy declared war on France and Britain, though making little impact during the last twelve days of fighting due to Italy not being prepared to intervene militarily. Mussolini felt the conflict would soon end and wanted a chance to profit before it came to an end. As he said to the Army’s Chief-of-Staff, Marshal Badoglio:

“I only need a few thousand dead so that I can sit at the peace conference as a man who has fought.”

Mussolini’s immediate aim was the expansion of the Italian colonies in North Africa by taking land from the British and French in that region.

The Fall of France
A New German Offensive and the Fall of Paris
The Germans renewed their offensive on 30 May on the Somme. An attack broke through the scarce reserves that Weygand had put between the Germans and the capital. On 3 June the French government fled to Bordeaux, declaring Paris an open city. Churchill returned to France on 4 June and met the French War Council in Briare. The French requested that Churchill supply all available fighter squadrons to aid in the battle. With only limited fighter reserves remaining, Churchill refused, believing at this point that an upcoming Battle of Britain could be decisive. At the meeting, Churchill obtained assurances from Admiral François Darlan that the French fleet would not fall into German hands. On 7 June, Paris, the capture of which had so eluded the German Army in the Great War fell to the Wehrmacht. This marked the second time in a century that the French capital had fallen to German forces.

German Air Supremacy
By this time the situation in the air had grown critical. The Luftwaffe established air supremacy (as opposed to air superiority) as the French air arm was on the verge of collapse. The French Air Force (Armee de l’Air) had only just begun to make the majority of bomber sorties; between 30 May and 2 June (during Operation Paula), over 1,815 missions, of which 518 were by bombers, were flown. The number of sorties flown declined as losses were now becoming impossible to replace. The British Royal Air Force (RAF) had attempted to divert the attention of the Luftwaffe to Dunkirk but losses were heavy; on 14 June alone 37 Bristol Blenheims were destroyed. After 2 June, French aerial resistance virtually ceased, some surviving aircraft withdrew to French North Africa. The Luftwaffe now ‘ran riot’. Its attacks were focused on the direct and indirect support of the Wehrmacht. The Luftwaffe subjected lines of resistance to ferocious assault, which then quickly collapsed under armored attack.

The Luftwaffe virtually destroyed the Armée de l’Air during the campaign and inflicted heavy losses on the RAF contingent that was deployed.

The campaign had been a spectacular success for the German air-arm.

The Second BEF Evacuation
Most of the remaining British troops in the field had arrived at Saint-Valery-en-Caux for evacuation, but the Germans took the heights around the harbor making this impossible and on 5 June General Fortune and the remaining British forces surrendered to Rommel. The evacuation of the second BEF took place during Operation Ariel between 8 June and 18 June. The Luftwaffe, with complete mastery of the French skies, was determined to prevent Allied evacuations. I. Fliegerkorps was assigned to the Normandy and Brittany sectors. On 2 and 3 June the port of Cherbourg was subject to 15 tons of German bombs, whilst Le Havre received 10 bombing attacks which sank 2,949 grt of escaping Allied shipping. On 10 June 1940 Junkers Ju 88s (mainly from Kampfgeschwader 30) sank a “10,000 ton ship” which was the 16,243 grt Lancastria off St Nazaire, killing some 5,800 Allied personnel. After suffering heavy losses at Dunkirk, and with the Wermacht pressing in, 190,000–200,000 Allied personnel were captured.

Surrender and Armistice
Discouraged by his cabinet’s hostile reaction to a British proposal to unite France and the United Kingdom to avoid surrender, and believing that his ministers no longer supported him, Prime Minister Paul Reynaud resigned on 8 June. He was succeeded by Marshal Philippe Pétain, who delivered a radio address to the French people announcing his intention to ask for an armistice with Germany. When Hitler received word from the French government that they wished to negotiate an armistice, he selected the Compiègne Forest as the site for the negotiations. Compiègne had been the site of the 1918 Armistice, which had ended the Great War with a humiliating defeat for Germany. Hitler viewed the choice of location as a supreme moment of revenge for Germany over France. The armistice was signed on 15 June 1940 in the very same railway carriage in which the 1918 Armistice was signed (it was removed from a museum building and placed on the precise spot where it was located in 1918), Hitler sat in the same chair in which Marshal Foch had sat when he faced the defeated German representatives. After listening to the reading of the preamble, Hitler, in a calculated gesture of disdain to the French delegates, left the carriage, leaving the negotiations to his OKW Chief, General Wilhelm Keitel. The French Second Army Group, under the command of General Pretelat, surrendered the same day as the armistice and the cease-fire went into effect on 18 June 1940. After the armistice had been signed, some of the French troops (such as the troops of the “Ligne Maginot”) were still fighting for more than a month.

Aftermath
France was divided into a German occupation zone in the north and west and a nominally independent state in the south. The new French state, known as Vichy France, headed by Pétain, accepted its status as a defeated nation and attempted to buy favor with the Germans through accommodation and passivity.

The British began to doubt Admiral Darlan’s promise to Churchill not to allow the French fleet at Toulon to fall into German hands by the wording of the armistice conditions; they therefore attacked French naval forces in Africa and Europe, which led to more feelings of animosity and mistrust between the former French and British allies.

Casualties
German
Around 44,000 Germans were killed and 150,000 were wounded, giving a total of approximately 200,000 men.

Allied
The Germans had destroyed the French, Belgian, Dutch and Polish armies and had also defeated the British. Total Allied losses amounted to 2,992,000. Casualties were as follows:

France: 135,310 killed (including 5,400 Maghrebis), 12,000 missing, 120,000 wounded and 1,790,000 captured (including 67,400 Maghrebis). 
Britain: 468,111 killed, wounded or captured
Belgium: 23,350 killed or wounded
The Netherlands: 9,779 killed or wounded
Poland: 6,092 killed, wounded or captured
Czechoslovakia: 1,615 losses, including 400 killed.


Operation SPHINX
Subconsciously, Adolf Hitler never seriously considered the invasion of the United Kingdom. With the Royal Navy guarding the Channel, it was nothing more than folly to believe any amphibious landing could succeed. At best, he could attempt to starve the Isles into submission with his U-boats, but that would take time and Hitler was far from content to leave an enemy at his back for too long. As such, after the armistice was signed with France, he addressed his Commanders-in-Chief on the subject of an alternative strategy intended to bring the stubborn Churchill administration to the negotiating table.
The keynote of his speech was contained in one sentence: “The direct invasion of England is nothing but folly, thus our efforts must be directed to the elimination of all factors that let’s them hope for a change in the situation.”

The United Kingdom’s only hope, he continued, lay in the intervention of the USSR or the United States. If the Soviet Union was eliminated, the balance of power in the Far East would shift towards Japan, and that in itself would serve to divert American attention away from the war in Europe. It followed, therefore, that the USSR must be crushed as quickly as possible, in one decisive blow. The whole Soviet system could be regarded as a ramshackle shed constructed with rotten timber; the Wermacht had only to kick in the door and the whole structure would collapse. If Russia was invaded in May 1941, the campaign could be concluded before the onset of winter five months later.
Many of those present were aware that the German Army was armed in breadth but not depth and was therefore unsuited to the protracted war that would ensue if the Fuhrer’s projection was incorrect. Among those who tacitly agreed with an alternative strategy to a British invasion was Grand Admiral Erich Raeder, Commander-in-Chief of the Navy.

Raeder’s Strategy
Like Hitler, Raeder was fundamentally dubious about the merits of an amphibious assault on England and concurred with the Fuhrer’s belief that Great Britain could only be brought down by indirect means. His own U-boat arm was achieving excellent results in the Atlantic, but unless a complete blockade was enacted around the British Isles, which could only be accomplished in the distant future, Churchill would never sue for peace. He suggested to Reichsmarschall Hermann Goering, Commander-in-Chief of the Luftwaffe, that the process could be accelerated by one or more of the latter’s Air Fleets concentrating on the complete destruction of the Eastern and Southern ports as well as the port Liverpool, rendering the United Kingdom unable to unload precious supplies depriving them of the capacity to wage war, or even support themselves, and so become more receptive to peace offers. When Goering resentfully ignored what he saw as an unwanted intrusion into his own affairs, Raeder took the matter to Hitler himself who, understanding the importance of such an action, ordered Goering to make the ports a priority target.

By the end of August, air superiority had been achieved over large swaths of Britain and her ports from Portland to Dover were in ruins with Liverpool struggling to remain functional, yet Churchill refused to come to the table inspiring his nation to fight on while behind the scenes he fought attempts to remove him from office.

Raeder, realizing an opportunity was presenting itself and understanding the respect the Kriegsmarine had garnered from Hitler after its success in the Norwegian campaign and in the Atlantic, obtained a private audience with the Fuhrer and outlined a further strategic option that was available.

Raeder began by agreeing that the problem of Churchill’s intransigence could not be solved by direct action. On the other hand, he pointed out, the British were at their most vulnerable in the Mediterranean, which provided them with a route to their empire and the oil-producing areas of the Middle East. By coincidence, it was the same area that an ally, Italy, was struggling to oust their shared enemy.

Observing Hitler’s curt nod, Raeder decided to emphasize the point.

“Vis-à-vis the military aspects of our alliance with Italy, these bear comparison with the Austro-Hungarian Empire alliance during the last war. In those days, you recall that we spoke of being shackled to a corpse. With great respect, Fuhrer, I suggest that a similar situation exists today.”

After a few moments of silent consideration, Hitler asked Raeder to develop his theme.
“Italy seems quite oblivious of her danger, even from a weakened foe,” the Grand Admiral continued. “Germany, however, must wage war against Great Britain with every means at her disposal, before British capacity for offensive action is restored. For this reason the Mediterranean question must be cleared up over the winter months. First, I propose that we secure our right flank by capturing Gibraltar, with Spanish assistance. Next, priority will be given to the capture of Malta, which will give us control of the Central Mediterranean sea lanes. We can then ship a suitable force to North Africa where it will be used as the spearhead of the Italian campaign to capture the Suez Canal. The advance will continue through Palestine and Syria, bringing us to the Turkish frontier. Turkey will be in our power and we shall be able to strike at the oilfields of Iraq and Persia. The Russian problem will then appear in a quite different light-and since all the evidence suggests that Russia is frightened of Germany, it is doubtful whether an advance against her in the north will then be necessary. This will avoid the necessity of a protracted war on two fronts. I believe that these measures will convince the British of their foolishness in further continuing the struggle, especially if U-boat bases can be simultaneously established in the Canary and Cape Verde Islands, so tightening our submarine stranglehold on their seaborne supply lines.”

Although Hitler’s reply was measured, Raeder could see that he had been won over.
“I agree with your general trend of thought, although there are a number of political difficulties that must be overcome at the highest levels. It has previously been agreed between Signor Mussolini and myself that the Mediterranean should remain his area of responsibility, and he is extremely sensitive on the subjects of his own personal prestige and honor. Nevertheless, I believe that Il Duce can be persuaded to cooperate if I offer to augment his New Roman Empire with the French colony of Tunisia. As for Spain, General Franco owes a debt both to Il Duce and myself for the considerable assistance with which we provided him during his Civil War. And with how the balance of power has shifted these past few months, I doubt he’ll disagree that the time has now come for him to repay that debt, however reluctant he might be. His reward will be the return of Gibraltar to Spain on the conclusion of hostilities, so fulfilling an historic Spanish ambition. In the circumstances, therefore, I shall order OKW to prepare an immediate feasibility study for discussion by Heads of Service and their specialist advisers in a week’s time.

Appreciation and Planning of Operation SPHINX
The conference assembled on 6 September. Hitler thanked Raeder for his ideas, which he said dovetailed neatly with his own thoughts on the subject. The new strategy would henceforth be known as Operation SPHINX and he would first welcome observations on the overall concept.

Field Marshal Walter von Brauchitsch, the Army’s Commander-in-Chief, immediately rose to his feet. Sensitive by nature, he disliked confrontations with the Fuhrer, whose towering rages could leave him shaken for days. He was, nonetheless, a dedicated professional and was prepared to stand his ground when necessary.

“Fuhrer, the document prepared by OKW makes no mention of the degree of resistance likely to be encountered from Vichy French forces when we pass troops through their territory into Spain,” he observed. “I believe the matter requires clarification.”
Hitler, the former junior NCO become warlord, was dismissive in his reaction:

“The matter has not been mentioned for the simple reason that is has no relevance! I have personally informed Marshal Petain that not only will the slightest resistance be ruthlessly crushed, but also that France as he understands it will cease to exist! Besides, the French have not forgotten the manner in which the British failed them at Dunkirk, and they will never forgive the Royal Navy’s destruction of their squadron at Oran, ostensibly to prevent it from falling into our hands. Anyone who imagines that the French will retain the slightest regard for their former ally is little better than a straw-head!”

Brauchitsch resumed his seat and Hitler asked the three service chiefs for their respective intelligence assessments of the overall situation in the Mediterranean. Raeder began, giving the estimated strength of the Royal Navy as being two aircraft carriers, seven battleships, eight cruisers, 37 destroyers, eight submarines and a small force of monitors and gunboats, divided between Force H at Gibraltar and Admiral Cunningham’s Mediterranean Fleet at Alexandria. Thanks to Italian air activity, the Royal Navy had been forced to abandon its base at Malta. The Italian Navy possessed six battleships, 21 cruisers, 50 destroyers and 100 submarines. Thus far, it had avoided a general fleet action with the Royal Navy, always turning away after the exchange of a few salvos. The Italian submarines had scored some successes, but these were not commensurate with their numbers. Air support for naval operations was provided by the Italian Air Force, which could put up over 2000 aircraft from airfields in the Central Mediterranean and Dodecanese Islands. Cooperation between the two services was said to be poor.
Brauchitsch reported that the British Commander-in-Chief, General Sir Archibald Wavell, had approximately 50,000 troops at his disposal, but these were thinly spread across a wide area stretching from the Syrian frontier to the Sudan. Of these, 36,000, were in Egypt, including the high-quality but under strength 7th Armored Division, the 4th Indian Division, a regular formation, and a handful of infantry brigades, one of which, because of anti-British feeling in Egypt, was always retained for internal security duties. The Italians had 200,000 men in East Africa, where, in August, they had occupied British Somaliland. In North Africa, Marshal Rodolfo Graziani had 250,000 men. Graziani’s army, consisting as it did of infantry divisions with insufficient motorized transport, was unsuited to a mechanized war, let alone a war in the desert. Its L3 tankettes were less useful than the obsolete PzKw I and apart from these the only armor available was a regimental-sized group of badly designed M-11 medium tanks, half of which were undergoing repair at any one time. The Italian artillery consisted of good quality troops, but much of its equipment was out of date. The general impression received by Colonel Hegenreimer, the German Army’s liaison officer in North Africa, was that the Italians disliked the desert and were scared stiff of the British; even quite senior officers spoke of their determination “to resist to the last,” which could hardly be described as a positive attitude.

“In the light of this,” Brauchitsch concluded, “I believe that on its own Graziani’s army is incapable of inflicting a defeat on the British; the reverse, however, seems likely at some stage, and it will quickly turn into a major disaster. For this reason alone I am in favor of implementing the proposed Mediterranean strategy.”

Reichsmarschall Goering informed the conference that when the Mediterranean War began, the Royal Air Force could muster only a handful of squadrons equipped with obsolete Bombay medium bombers, Blenheim light bombers and Gladiator biplane fighters. With the success the Luftwaffe had achieved over Britain itself, replacement craft had failed to augment the growing losses the Royal Air Force suffered within the region. There was no doubt in his mind that the RAF’s Middle Eastern presence would be wiped off the map during the first days of Operation SPHINX. Resources amounting to two Air Fleets would be transferred to the Mediterranean. Flying from bases in Spain, the Balearics, Sardinia, Italy, Sicily, Libya, and ultimately Egypt, the Luftwaffe would dominate the skies above the entire war zone. The vulnerable Stuka dive-bomber squadrons would again prove to be a decisive influence on land and at sea.

At this point an increasingly heated exchange took place between Raeder and Goering on the subject of torpedo bombers, or rather the lack of them. It was brought to an end by Hitler, who wished to examine each of Operation SPHINX’s major elements in greater detail.

For the attack on Gibraltar, Brauchitsch considered that the Spanish would provide most of the necessary infantry while the real task of reducing the fortress was left to the German heavy artillery. At his request, General Karl Becker, the Head of Artillery, told the conference that he intended using a concentration of super-heavy Bruno railway guns, firing across the bay from specially constructed spurs in the region of Algeciras. The caliber of these weapons varied between 238 mm and 283 mm, their shells weighed between 9400 and 15,000 kilograms and their range was between 20,000 meters and 36,000 meters. It was anticipated that there would be a heavy expenditure of concrete-piercing ammunition, not only because of the fixed nature of the defenses, but also because Gibraltar had virtually no natural water on the side of the Rock, draining into underground cisterns. It was anticipated that the Gibraltar garrison would be forced to capitulate in approximately three weeks.

Hitler, always interested in weapon technology, asked Becker whether it would be possible to incorporate any of the even heavier weapons under development into his plan. Becker replied that the Gustav 800 mm railway gun would not be ready for service until 1942. However, delivery of the first of several Karl 600 mm self-propelled mortars was scheduled for December; this could be accelerated and the weapon incorporated in the final stages of the siege.

The conference then turned its attention to Malta. It was believed that the invasion force would be screened from the British Mediterranean Fleet by the intervention of the Italian Navy and the German and Italian Air Forces. The invasion barges would be shipped south along inland waterways. Again, the amphibious version of the PzKw II and the “diving” versions of the PzKw III and IV, launched from landing craft to the sea bed to drive ashore using a floating air hose, could be used to spearhead the infantry’s own assault landing. For the sake of form, this would involve heavy Italian participation. Raeder expressed reservations at the small number of suitable landing sites, which would undoubtedly be heavily defended; furthermore, he felt that sea-bed conditions and inadequate beach exits might seriously inhibit the tanks’ contribution, and urged further intelligence-gathering on these subjects. He believed the operation would succeed, albeit at heavy cost.

Brauchitsch agreed with this assessment, but suggested that if the Luftwaffe made available Maj. Gen. Kurt Student’s 7th Parachute Division this could be dropped in the defenders’ rear prior to the main landing. This would undoubtedly cause chaos and confusion and reduce the degree of resistance that would be encountered on the beaches, especially if a second division could be air-landed once an airfield had been secured. The problem was the high-risk nature of such operations.

Goering indignantly countered that his paratroopers would willingly accept any risks involved-had they not done so when Holland was overrun in May, thereby rendering the Army’s task that much easier? True, the airborne invasion of an island had never been attempted before, but Student’s division was equal to the task. As he understood the situation, the island’s garrison amounted to little more than the equivalent of two brigades, including low-grade fortress troops and unemployed seamen, with only a few light tanks in support.

Despite the Reichsmarschal’s bombast, Hitler adamantly disagreed with the use of German troops save in a subsidiary role, especially not if their chances for success were grim. If Malta was to be an Italian possession after the battle, then let Italy make the sacrifices needed to seize it. He would not risk his men unnecessarily for Mussolini’s glory.

Finally, the conference turned its attention to the third phase of Operation SPHINX, participation in the North African campaign. Maj. Gen. Wilhelm Ritter von Thoma had just returned from a fact-finding mission to the Western Desert. Given the Royal Navy’s present command of the sea, he said, it would be impossible to support a large German contingent as well as a major portion of the Italian Army. At this stage, he felt that the appropriate German contribution should be four armored or mechanized divisions since this was the minimum required for success and the maximum that could be maintained in the field. Once the British had been deprived of their naval supremacy, he added, it would be possible to reinforce these formations with others, should it prove necessary to do so.
Unknown to many at the conference, further aid would be granted by Rashid Ali al-Gaylani, Prime Minister of Iraq, who had opened communications with Germany, through Italy, asking for aid in an Iraqi uprising against the British presence in country. Realizing how such a rebellion would create chaos at the British rear tying down numerous soldiers, Hitler sent German Foreign Minister Neurath to conclude a deal with the Vichy French government to release war materials, including aircraft, from sealed stockpiles in Syria and transport them to the Iraqis. The French also agreed to allow passage of other weapons and materiel as well as loaning several airbases in northern Syria, to Germany, for the transport of German aircraft to Iraq. By October about one-hundred German and about twenty Italian aircraft landed on Syrian airfields. Plans to send further German aid were still in the planning stages.

The question of who was to command the German contingent in North Africa then arose. Several names were proposed, but Hitler was unwavering in that his own nominee, Maj. Gen. Erwin Rommel, should be promoted and appointed.

Hitler then closed the conference with instructions that the first phase of Operation SPHINX should commence in six weeks’ time.

Hitler and Mussolini Confer
During the evening of 6 September 1940, Hitler traveled to the Brenner Pass for a personal discussion with Mussolini. The latter was at first somewhat taken aback by the revised German strategy but accepted that, once successful, it would leave Italy in an unassailable position as the major power in the Mediterranean. He agreed to cooperate provided his own pivotal role and that of the Italian armed services was duly recognized, simultaneously insisting that Malta as well as Tunisia should become Italian colonies. Hitler agreed without hesitation and assured his fellow dictator that his only concern was the consolidation of the Axis alliance. Mussolini also confided in Hitler that Italy was planning an offensive into Egypt within the week and was certain that the war in Egypt would be over before German forces were even required. On hearing this, Hitler decided to make a major change to Operation SPHINX that would alter the entire campaign.

At the diplomatic level there was little more to be done, since he had already held a secret meeting with General Franco and secured a promise of Spanish cooperation, at least insofar as Gibraltar and the Canaries were concerned.

Britain Forewarned
German preparations, cloaked under a strict security blanket, went ahead with speed and efficiency. They were, however, detected almost at once by several British intelligence agencies. The Y intercept service and ULTRA picked up a steady stream of references to codenames SPHINX 1 and SPHINX 2, and, to a lesser extent, SPHINX 3. After several days it became clear that SPHINX 1 referred to the passage of German troops and Luftwaffe units into Spain. SPHINX 2 intercepts mainly concerned the redeployment of substantial Luftwaffe elements to Italian airfields in the Central Mediterranean. The purpose of SPHINX 3 remained unclear at first, but by extending the projection of the first two phases the inescapable deduction was that it referred to German involvement in the North African campaign.

These conclusions were reinforced by other intelligence sources. The Luftwaffe was visibly thinning out in Northern France, Belgium, Holland, Denmark, and Norway. French agents reported the complete disruption of the civil rail network between the Rhine and the Pyrenees. An unexpected source of information proved to be the Soviet Embassy in Lisbon, which administered an extensive network of spies across the border in Spain, recruited among communist supporters who bitterly resented their defeat in the recent Civil War. Numerous railway guns and trains carrying pre-fabricated track were crossing Spain from north to south, accompanied by troops who wore Spanish uniforms but were undoubtedly German. Extensive railway construction work was taking place around Algeciras, a fact confirmed by air reconnaissance flights from Gibraltar. This major intelligence coup was in turn totally eclipsed by another. The British Military Attache in Berne reported that he had been given complete details of the entire SPHINX plan by a source with high-ranking anti-Nazi contact within OKW itself. The man, who preferred to be known as “Lucy,” was himself an anti-Nazi German who was now a Swiss citizen. He had previously supplied information regarding the German invasions of Norway, Denmark, and Western Europe and this had proved to be completely accurate, although it had not been acted upon.

The information was relayed to London where, at a meeting of the War Cabinet on 23 September, it was accepted unanimously that Hitler had decided to shift emphasis of the war to the Mediterranean. Informed by his chief staff officer, General Sir Hastings Ismay, that Gibraltar could not be expected to resist for long, Churchill expressed deep anger but accepted the reality of the situation. Force H was to remain until the last possible moment, then take part in the capture of the Canaries with a task force that would be formed at once. He vowed that Malta would be defended to the last and gave orders for the garrison to be reinforced. In the Western Desert the situation was under control and the removal of a German invasion threat had permitted the dispatch of three armored regiments, including one equipped with heavily-armored Matildas, around the Cape to Egypt, where they would arrive in October.

Secretly informed by Hitler of coming actions against Britain, and hoping to further spread the Empire thin, Japan and Argentina made moves that further rocked England’s already struggling defense. Argentina seized all British property within their borders and began making demands for the turning over of the Falkland Islands, openly mobilizing their forces to show what the alternative would be if England refused. On the other side of the globe, Japan ordered the British to stop supplying the Nationalist Chinese with arms and support and if they didn’t, Japan would act in its own self-interest. Worse, when Britain did not immediately act on either of these instances, Greece and Turkey sensed an opportunity and began making competing claims on Cyprus. Churchill and his administration were paralyzed. Fighting the Germans was difficult enough, but these new threats brought greater danger to the survival of the empire. The British knew they could ill afford a war with the Japanese at this moment or any other power, but they could not grant concessions without appearing weak and thus giving encouragement to other powers to press claims on them. Already the Australians were refusing to send further reinforcements due to the threat of Japanese forces with other Dominion forces becoming reluctant to send forces to Britain’s aid.

On 10 October, unknown to its commander, Admiral Somerville, Force H, consisting of the battleship Barham, the carrier, Victorious , two cruisers, and three destroyers, performed its last mission in the Mediterranean, carrying some 2000 reinforcements from Gibraltar to Malta. On his return to Gibraltar, Somerville was ordered to keep his ships at instant readiness but not informed of the reason.

During the afternoon of 14 October the Mediterranean Fleet’s carrier Illustrious, escorted by cruisers and destroyers, was approaching a point 170 miles south of the heel of Italy from which her Swordfish torpedo bombers were to launch a strike against the Italian battle fleet, snug in its harbor of Taranto. At about 1600 hrs it was apparent that the force had been detected by an enemy maritime reconnaissance aircraft and an hour later the first Italian bomber squadrons arrived overhead. As usual, their attack was delivered from high altitude and caused little damage. At 1730 hrs, however, large numbers of German Ju-87 dive bombers appeared on the scene, pressing home their attacks with such determination that the ships were forced to take violent evasive action.

“These people were an altogether different proposition,” recalled the captain of the destroyer Swordsman. “They were professionals and they knew their business, boring down through our flak until it seemed they could hardly miss.”

Two comparatively small bombs struck Illustrious on the flight deck, tearing jagged craters in the plating and jamming the lift. The damage could be repaired but clearly the planned strike against Taranto could not proceed. As the aircraft droned off into the gathering dusk the carrier and her escorts turned away for Alexandria. One destroyer, her boilers burst by a direct hit, was under tow, and the rest of the ships all showed signs of superficial damage caused by near misses. German losses amounted to five dive-bombers shot down and a similar number damaged.

Hitler’s Last Minute Changes
Hitler hastily called his staff together 9 September to inform them that he was altering Operation SPHINX. Upon hearing of Mussolini’s intended drive into Egypt within the week, he ordered an earlier deployment of German forces to take the fullest advantage of the situation on the ground with. There was trepidation that Mussolini, without German troops to stiffen his soldiers’ backbone, would invite a British counterattack that might cost Italy the whole of Libya. Hitler had little faith in Italian soldiers and was not willing to abandon the opportunity to seize the rich oil fields in the Middle East. Knowing how this would complicate logistics, Brauchitsch tried to reassure him that the Italians easily outnumbered the British 5-1, Hitler countered, “Fleas may outnumber dogs, but I know which I prefer!” Fearing a confrontation, Brauchitsch reluctantly assented as long as it was agreed that SPHINX 3 would not be initiated until after SPHINX 2 had been completed.

Operation SPHINX Initiated
Rommel Lands
30 September 1940, Rommel arrived in Libya at Tobruk with the initial forces of the 5th Light Division. Asking to be taken to the front, he toured the Italian fortified positions in Egypt and queried them as to why their drive had faltered and a static defense erected. “Had British resistance been staunch?” What he discovered was a reluctant leadership and demoralized soldiers unsure of success and not wanting anything to do with their current operation. Unwilling to sit still and yearning for immediate action, Rommel decided it was up to him to season these men and build their spirits and morale through combat. They feared the enemy. He’d give the enemy reason to fear them.

Franco Threatens Gibraltar
At about this time Franco closed the border with Gibraltar and his ambassador to London delivered an ultimatum demanding the immediate return of the fortress to Spanish jurisdiction. This was rejected out of hand. The following morning “Lucy” confirmed that SPHINX 1 would begin at 0300 on 18 October.

During the evening of 17 October a grim-faced Admiral Somerville returned aboard his flagship in Gibraltar carrying sealed orders. Shortly after dark Force H, which had been reinforced with the battle cruiser Renown, weighed anchor and disappeared into the Atlantic spaces. Within the town itself, civilians were shepherded into air raid shelters and the garrison stood to.

Promptly at 0300 hrs the German guns opened fire across Algeciras Bay, supplemented by Spanish medium and field artillery firing from positions further south. The British guns, emplaced for coastal defense, could make little effective reply. By noon, the town had become an inferno and the airstrip, dotted with the pyres of the few remaining aircraft, was pitted with craters and unusable.

Franco had nonetheless already begun to have doubts regarding the wisdom of his action, for Force H, lying below the horizon of Cadiz, had struck back hard. Flying low out of the pre-dawn darkness to the west, Victorious’ Swordfish penetrated the harbor before its sleepy defenders could marshal their thoughts. Jinking through wild and inaccurate anti-aircraft fire, the slow torpedo bombers scored fatal strikes at the cruisers Reconquista, El Cid, San Cristobal, and San Francisco d’Assisi, sending them to the bottom. Four destroyers were also sunk and a tanker set ablaze. Five minutes after the aircraft had left, 15 in shells from Barham and Renown began to slam into the dockyard, the destroyer anchorage and the submarine berths. Half an hour later Force H turned away, leaving the vast harbor littered with wrecks. Four cruisers, five destroyers and two submarines had been sunk; a further cruiser, two destroyers and three submarines had sustained serious damage; smoke and flames belched from the burning tanker and oil storage tanks ashore; the dockyard facilities had been reduced to a tangle of twisted steel and rubble; and some 1500 seamen had died. It had taken just 90 minutes to reduce the Spanish Navy to virtual impotence and during that period the nature of air-sea warfare had changed irrevocably. British losses amounted to a single Walrus spotter aircraft, shot down after a protracted duel with three Spanish fighters that reached the scene as Somerville withdrew.

Gibraltar held out for four weeks. Casemates, galleries and bunkers in the Rock were methodically cracked open and smashed by the German guns. After the first ten days General Julio Sanchez de Cordoba, in overall command of the operation, mounted an infantry attack along the isthmus linking the Rock with the mainland. This stalled in an unexpected minefield and was then shot to piece by troops dug in amidst the rubble of the town. The assault was not repeated. The end became inevitable when the concrete catchment areas were smashed up, fouling the water cisterns below. On 15 November Cordoba sent in a flag of truce, offering to grant the honors of war. Unable to resist further, and wishing to spare the Gibraltarians further suffering, the Governor accepted. The following day, their Colors burned and their weapons rendered useless, the 700 men of the garrison still on their feet marched out and the Spanish took possession of the ruins that were their prize.

The Iraqi Rebellion
On the cusp of the Iraqi Rebellion, the British had a limited presence in country. In accordance with the Anglo-Iraqi Treaty, the British Royal Air Force had been allowed to retain two bases; RAF Shaibah, near Basra, and RAF Habbaniya, between Ramadi and Fallujah. Air Vice-Marshal H. G. Smart was the commander of RAF Habbaniya and Air Officer Commanding of all RAF forces in Iraq. The bases in Iraq had a dual role: protecting Britain’s oil interests and maintaining a link in the air route between Egypt and India. In addition RAF Habbaniya was also a training base and was protected by a small detachment of RAF ground forces and locally raised Iraqi troops.

On 18 October, Rashid Ali al-Gaylani, along with four top level Army and Air Force officers; known as the “Golden Square,” seized power via a coup d’état and Rashid proclaimed himself Chief of the “National Defense Government.” He did not move to overthrow the monarchy and named a new Regent to King Faisal II , Sherif Sharaf. The leaders of the “National Defense Government” proceeded to arrest many pro-British citizens and politicians. However, a good number of those sought managed to escape by various means through Amman in Transjordan.

The immediate plans of Iraq’s new leaders were to refuse further concessions to the United Kingdom, to retain diplomatic links with Fascist Italy and publicly reopen ties with Germany, and to expel most prominent pro-British politicians from the country. The plotters of the coup considered the United Kingdom to be weak and believed that its government would negotiate with their new government regardless of its legality. That same day, Rashid Ali, on behalf of the “National Defense Government,” asked Germany for military assistance in the event of war with the British. Ultimately, Rashid Ali attempted to restrict British rights guaranteed under Article 5 of the 1930 treaty when he insisted that newly arrived British troops be quickly transported through Iraq and to Palestine.

From the outset, British Prime Minister Winston Churchill advocated the non-recognition of Rashid Ali or his illegal “National Defense Government.” Yet when reinforcements were requested by those few British forces in country, their request was rejected by Air Officer Commanding in the Middle East Sir Arthur Longmore. At this point in the war, the situation developing in Iraq did not figure highly in British priorities compared to the coming battle in North Africa.

The British Chiefs-of-Staff, with the vocal support of the Commander-in-Chief, India General Claude Auchinleck, were in favor of armed intervention. However the three Commander-in-Chiefs, of the British armed forces in the Middle East and eastern Mediterranean area, already heavily committed with fighting in North and East Africa, suggested the only forces they would be able to use against Iraq was a single battalion of infantry, based within Palestine, and the aircraft already based within Iraq. However, General Archibald Wavell, Commander-in-Chief of Middle East Command, informed London that the current situation prevented him from sparing the one battalion in Palestine and urged for firm diplomatic action, and possibly a demonstration of air strength, to be taken rather than military intervention.

Attempts to divert Indian forces meant for Malaya were denied with the growing Japanese presence in Indochina as well as the belligerent attitude that Thailand had begun to pose, thus leaving Iraqi forces unopposed.

Matters were not helped by the Soviet Union’s recognition of Rashid Ali’s Iraqi government or by Turkey’s attempts to move into the Mosul area to “safeguard” the oil wells there in the case of conflict, this action prevented only by German intervention.
From October 18-25, German forces shipped materiel through Syria, into Mosul. The Iraqis took delivery of 15,500 rifles, with six-million rounds of ammunition, 200 machine guns, with 900 belts of ammunition, and four 75 mm field guns together with 10,000 shells. Two additional deliveries were made, which included eight 155 mm guns, with 6,000 shells, 354 machine pistols, 30,000 grenades, and 32 trucks.

On 20 October Luftwaffe Colonel Werner Junck received orders that he was to take a small force to Iraq, where they were to operate out of Mosul. The British quickly learned of the German arrangements through intercepted Italian diplomatic transmissions. Between 24 and 29 October the aircraft arrived in Mosul via Vichy French airbases, in Syria, and then commenced regular aerial attacks on British forces. The Luftwaffe force, under the direction of Lieutenant General Hans Jeschonnek, was named “Flyer Command Iraq” (Fliegerführer Irak) and was under the tactical command of Colonel Werner Junck.
On 25 October, the first squadron of Luftwaffe planes arrived at Mosul via Syria. On 29 October, an aircraft carrying Major Axel von Blomberg flew from Mosul to Baghdad. Axel von Blomberg was part of the military mission to Iraq which had the cover name “Special Staff F” (Sonderstab F) commanded by General Hellmuth Felmy. Axel von Blomberg was tasked with heading up a Brandenburgers Commando reconnaissance group in Iraq that was to precede Fliegerführer Irak. Axel von Blomberg was also tasked with integrating Fliegerführer Irak with Iraqi forces in operations against the British. He would prove important to the Iraqi war effort.

At 03:00 hours on 25 October, RAF Habbaniya was warned by the British Embassy that Iraqi forces had left their bases, at Baghdad, and were heading west. The Iraqi force was composed of between 6,000–9,000 troops with up to 30 artillery pieces. Within a few hours of RAF Habbaniya being warned, Iraqi forces occupied the plateau to the south of the base. Prior to dawn, reconnaissance aircraft were launched from RAF Habbaniya and reported that at least two battalions, with artillery, had taken up position on the plateau.
By 26 October, the Iraqi forces, supplemented by German soldiers, surrounding Habbaniya had swelled to an infantry brigade, two mechanized battalions, a mechanized artillery brigade with 12 3.7-inch howitzers, a field artillery brigade with 12 18-pounder cannons and four 4.5-inch howitzers, 12 Crossley six-wheeled armored cars, a number of Fiat light tanks, a mechanized machine gun company, a mechanized signal company, and a mixed battery of anti-aircraft and anti-tank guns. This totaled 9,000 regular troops along with an undetermined number of tribal irregulars and about 50 guns.

At 06:00 hours, an Iraqi envoy presented a message to the Air Officer Commanding, Air Vice-Marshal H. G. Smart, stating that the plateau had been occupied. The envoy also informed Air Vice-Marshal Smart that all flying should cease immediately and demanded that no movements, either ground or air, take place from the base.

British reconnaissance aircraft, already in the air, continued to relay information to the base; they reported that the Iraqi positions on the plateau were being steadily reinforced, they also reported that Iraqi troops had occupied the town of Fallujah.

At 07:30 hours, the Iraqi envoy again made contact with Air Vice-Marshal Sharp and told him that if his craft did not land immediately the base would be attacked. Meanwhile, Iraqi forces had now occupied vital bridges over the Tigris and Euphrates rivers as well as reinforcing their garrison at Ramadi; thus effectively cutting off RAF Habbaniya except from the air.

When Sharp did not immediately call his craft down, Iraqi artillery began shelling the base. Luftwaffe aircraft engaged the RAF and bombed the airfield destroying the sole water tower and power station crippling resistance at Habbaniya in one blow. Air Vice-Marshal Smart was forced to surrender the base and its force of 2,500 men. This was an open act of war, but Churchill was occupied elsewhere.

Battle of Cape Matapan
In the meantime, the world’s attention had shifted to the Central Mediterranean. Hitler and Mussolini, satisfied with the progress made at Gibraltar, had sanctioned the start of SPHINX 2 on 29 October. Two days later, Admiral Inigo Campioni led the Italian battle fleet to sea with specific orders to bring Cunningham’s Mediterranean Fleet to battle and so screen the paratroop drop and seaborne landings on Malta, which would take place on 31 October and 1 November respectively. Cunningham, fully aware of what was happening, was already steering towards Campioni, and the two fleets came in sight of each other at 0900 hrs on 1 November, approximately 100 miles south-west of Cape Matapan. In this, the first major encounter between battle fleets since Jutland, both sides possessed an equal number of battleships, Campioni with Littorio, Vittorio, Veneto, Giulio Cesare, and Conti di Cavour. And Cunningham with Valiant, Malaya, and Ramillies. The Italians deployed the greater number of cruisers and destroyers, although to some extent this was balanced by the presence of the patched up Illustrious.

Campioni began the battle by turning to port, hoping to cross the British T. His move, however, was premature, for Cunningham merely adjusted his own course a few points to port and concentrated the entire weight of his fire against Giulio Cesare, bringing up the rear of the Italian line. Within minutes, hits were being obtained regularly and the ship staggered out of line, clearly ablaze. Fearing that Cunningham would cut him off from his base, Campioni hastily reversed course and, leaving three cruisers to escort the stricken Giulio, ran parallel with the British line, while the cruisers and destroyers of both sides engaged in a high-speed melee. Both battle lines now began to sustain punishment, although the weight and accuracy of the British gunnery was superior. The issue was decided when Illustrious’ Swordfish, attacking from the Italians’ disengaged side, managed to put three torpedoes into the Littorio, albeit at the cost of most of their number. Belching smoke, the battleship heeled rapidly to starboard, rolled over and sank. Campioni ordered some of his destroyers to attack with torpedoes while the rest created a smokescreen, under cover of which the remainder of his fleet escaped to the north. Although three of their ships were blown apart under them, the Italian destroyer captains pressed home their attacks with suicidal courage, breaking through the screen of escorts to launch their torpedoes. Two of them found their marks on Valiant and Malaya as they turned cumbrously to comb their tracks. Neither was in immediate danger of sinking, but their speed was seriously reduced and Cunningham ordered them to return to base while he continued the pursuit. This, he knew, could not be maintained for long as he was now well within range of the enemy’s protective air umbrella.

Sure enough, at about 1430 hrs large numbers of German and Italian aircraft arrived overhead. After both his remaining battleships had been hit several times, and a cruiser and two destroyers severely damaged, he turned for home. Shortly after dusk a flickering glow on the south-eastern horizon betrayed the burning Giulio and she, together with her escorting cruisers Pola, Zara, and Fiume, suddenly and starkly illuminated by searchlights, were battered into sinking wrecks in a sudden blaze of gunfire. Cunningham, cheered into Alexandria, was satisfied that he had drawn the teeth of the Italian battlefleet. His own losses amounted to two destroyers and a cruiser, but, against this, all his capital ships and many other vessels required heavy repairs that would take time to complete.

Invasion of Malta
At dawn the seaborne invasion force, consisting of one German and two Italian infantry divisions, began coming ashore under cover of naval gunfire support provided by the battleships Caio Duilio, Andrea Doria and their escorts. In areas where the tanks were unable to get ashore or leave the beach the infantry remained pinned down. At Bugibba, however, a scratch force led by ten tanks was able to drive inland and break through.
From this point on, the scales began to tilt against the British. Lacking air support or adequate armor, they were forced steadily back during the next week. One brigade, cut off at Medina, surrendered when its ammunition ran out. A final stand was made in the ancient fortifications of the Knights of St. John at Valetta, but by 10 November the island was firmly in German and Italian hands.





Rommel’s Drive into Egypt
On 1 November 1940, Rommel had decided that his forces were strong enough for the drive into Egypt with Mersa Matruh serving as the initial thrust. In command of two hastily reorganized divisions, renamed Panzer Group Afrika, and supplemented by six Italian divisions, he decided it was time to take the offensive. This decision met with some criticism, as an advance into Egypt meant a significant lengthening of the supply lines. It also meant that Luftwaffe support would not be available until after Malta was secured.

Rommel drove eastwards and initially little resistance was encountered, what British forces they met skirmishing briefly before withdrawing. Apart from fuel shortages, the advance continued until contact was initiated with British 7th Armored and 4th Indian Divisions at Mersa Matruh. After a series of violent battles, with Rommel personally commanding a contingent of German 88s against an oncoming wave of British armor, O’Connor fell back to Mersa Matruh and the fort was encircled on 5 November. The fortress eventually fell on 8 November, yielding enormous amounts of supplies and equipment, in addition to 15,000 POWs. Those who escaped rushed east, disorganized and leaderless, the burnt out hulks of their tanks and vehicles littering the sands. Though Rommel had taken losses, he considered them reasonable with Alexandria and Cairo now open before him.

By 10 November, with Malta in Axis hands, British communications across the Mediterranean ceased. General Wavell was on his own except for what reinforcement could come around Africa. Italian convoys, practically unmolested now, were now capable of pouring supplies and reinforcements into North Africa which meant that the balance of power had clearly shifted. Much of Flieger Korps II was transferring to airfields in North Africa to support Rommel’s drive east into Egypt. Invigorated by his victory at Mersa Matruh, Rommel’s command group quickly drove through the narrow bottleneck between the sea and the Qatarra Depression to a place called El Alamein.
The situation fell apart largely due to Wavell’s planning. After being briefed about Operation SPHINX by Churchill, and believing German forces would not strike east until after Malta was taken and all four divisions had landed, Wavell planned accordingly. Deciding that Palestine and Egypt would not withstand a German assault, Wavell’s Operation Compass called for O’Connor, with 7th Armored and 4th Indian Divisions, to attack the Italian fortified camps and to drive them back across the Egyptian border before the Germans had a sizable presence, and then to divert British forces up the Nile en masse. O’Connor’s forces had been building up at Mersa Matruh for this thrust when Rommel surprised them in mid-action. What was worse, Wavell had kept the three armored regiments sent by Churchill in Cairo in reserve to serve as a spoiling action against German forces to cover their retreat. What Wavell had not counted on was the early German assault or the success of Rommel. Caught off guard, and with nothing standing between the capital and German forces, the situation rapidly spiraled out of control. In order to buy time, Wavell ordered two armored regiments west to hold Rommel while he prepared to withdraw south.

With Rommel rampaging forward and the British defense becoming untenable, the Egyptian Army, serving a theoretically neutral state, rose in revolt against the British, adding shambles and farce to catastrophe. Thousands of British troops and civilians were trapped and hundreds murdered as the uprising spread up and down the Nile Valley, for it had been well planned by a group of able and disgruntled Egyptian officers who had seen opportunity in Britain’s weakness after Dunkirk and refused to allow an Italian Army to occupy their nation. The Mediterranean Fleet, crammed with refugees, abandoned its base at Alexandria two days ahead of Rommel on 12 November and passed through the Suez Canal into the Red Sea.

Cairo not so much fell as was simply occupied by the Germans on 21 November. By then, it made little difference to the thundering chaos of the collapse of British power in Egypt. The arrival of the Germans did, however, put a sudden end to the bloodier strands of the chaos, the atrocities against British prisoners and civilians. Rommel made an example of one exceptionally zealous Egyptian officer when a German firing squad shot Captain Gamal Abdel Nasser against his own barracks wall. And Mussolini arrived in Cairo almost before Rommel and certainly before the Italian Army. Il Duce immediately began planning his victory parade and a performance of Verdi’s Aida at the Pyramids.


A New Era
The Axis Options
The adrenaline of conquest was coursing strongly through Hitler’s veins as he surveyed his achievements, ominously likening them to his most intimate companions as milestones on an inevitable road of historical progression. His views on the Soviet Union remained precisely what they had been prior to SPHINX and he was now in a far better position to destroy the ramshackle Bolshevik empire whenever he chose.

Around the world, Japanese officers in Tokyo had watched the progress of SPHINX closely and, possessing as they did the finest carrier striking force of the day, they had been particularly impressed by the results of the Royal Navy’s attack on Cadiz. Regarding Singapore and Malaya, most considered that pre-emptive strike was desirable, sooner rather than later, if Japan was to obtain access to the raw materials she needed to pursue her war with China.

Britain Surrenders
Despite the overwhelming British victory at Cadiz, the loss of Malta coupled with chaos in Egypt rendered a serious blow to the Churchill administration. With the Royal Navy forced to withdraw from the Mediterranean and the Middle East at risk with its valuable oil supply, the perception that their empire was collapsing jolted the British leadership into ousting Churchill.

Prime Minister Wood (Lord Halifax) reluctantly assumed the role of leader of a fraying dominion when no other suitable candidate could be found and volunteered to be the martyr to stave off further damage to His Majesty’s Kingdom. Once in power, Wood found his options limited. He did not possess the forces needed to push the Italians out of Egypt or the Sudan nor could he raise the flagging morale of the nation which overwhelmingly wanted peace. The situation in India was worsening with riots becoming the norm as British power continued to wane and Japan lurked on the eastern periphery. With no other option, Wood began negotiations with Hitler through Swedish intermediaries. That proved to be a mistake. The fact that negotiations were going on did not remain secret. The Japanese wanted a seat at the table, and they quickly began seizing British and Dutch possessions in the Far East to gain that seat. Indian nationalists also wanted their concerns reflected, launching a revolt. Spain demanded a seat at the table, Franco wishing compensation for the destruction wrought at Cadiz.

Given the weakened state of the empire, British negotiators were pleasantly surprised by the terms Hitler offered. The British would recognize Italian sovereignty over Malta, Egypt, Somalia, and the southern third of the Sudan. They would also “internationalize” control of the Suez Canal, with Italian and German troops stationed in the Canal Zone alongside British troops. The fate of Cyprus would remain in limbo with Italy, Greece, and Turkey all pushing their claims to the island now that the British were gone from the region. In the Far East, the Japanese had their control of Hong Kong confirmed. The Japanese claim to Indochina and the Dutch East Indies were also recognized. Germany regained their old African colonies and their claim to the Belgian Congo was formally recognized. England was also forced to cede the Channel Islands in perpetuity. Gibraltar was formally ceded to Franco, though reparations were never granted. The claims of Indian nationalists were ignored while Rashid Ali’s Iraqi government was recognized and British forces were made to withdraw while German troops entered the region under a treaty between Iraq and Germany.

The British armed forces were limited by treaty, but those limitations didn’t appear too restrictive. The British were allowed to build their army back up to its prewar level, though there were restrictions on the number and weight of British tanks. They were allowed to maintain their current fighter force levels, but were not allowed to build any new heavy bombers. The Royal Navy would gradually retire older vessels over a period of five years to reach the ratio of tonnage with Germany specified in existing treaties—Germany could have up to 40% of the tonnage that England had. The British were forced to allow German and Italian Armistice inspectors in to insure that the British were complying with the treaty. They were also forced to pay for any damages to German property, including shipping that was damaged during the war and to pay the expenses of Armistice inspectors. The British were forced to dismantle tariffs and restrictions on investment between the two countries and their empires, and to compensate the Germans and Italians in kind for Axis merchant shipping lost during the war.

With Britain out of the war, Hitler finally convened a treaty formally ending the war between Germany and France. Italy achieved its much sought after goals of annexing Corsica, Nice, and Savoy, and had their claim to Tunisia formalized. Franco would receive minor border adjustments between the French and Spanish parts of Morocco for his late entry into the war. France was forced to open the ports of Saint-Nazaire and Lorient to the Kriegsmarine and to cede the French Congo, Alsace-Lorraine and French Flanders (Nord-Pas de Calais, the department of Nord, and roughly the arrondissements of Lille, Douai and Dunkirk) with future territorial adjustments to follow in northern and eastern France, while Germany agreed to gradually withdraw from the occupation zone and relinquish authority back to the Vichy government. The French were also forced to dismantle tariffs and restrictions on investment between the two countries. All signatories agreed to recognize German territorial rights to Greenland, Iceland, and the Faroe Islands.
The war was over. The British and French concentrated on consolidating the remainders of their empires, and dealing with the economic problems wrought by the war and the cost of paying Hitler his reparations.

With his western flank secured, Hitler decided it was time to turn east and destroy the Soviet Union in the spring of 1941. In the meantime, he quietly worked to exploit the potential of the treaty to reduce England to a German dependency. German Armistice inspectors became more numerous and more aggressive in their inspections as the winter of 1940-1 progressed, demanding access to British factories, military bases, and even radar stations. German air and submarine bases gradually appeared in the Canary Islands, then in Iceland and Greenland. Germany’s star was in the ascent.


Operation Barbarossa
Background
Operation Barbarossa was the codename for Germany’s invasion of the Soviet Union that commenced on 15 May 1941. Over 5.8 million troops of the Axis powers invaded the USSR along an 1,800 mile front. The operation was named after the Emperor Frederick Barbarossa of the Holy Roman Empire, a leader of the Crusades in the 12th century. Barbarossa was the major part of the war on the Eastern Front. The planning for operation Barbarossa took several years prior to May 1941; the clandestine preparations and the military operation itself lasted almost a year, from the Winter of 1940, through the Spring of 1941.

The operational goal of Operation Barbarossa was the rapid conquest of the European part of the Soviet Union, west of a line connecting the cities of Arkhangelsk and Astrakhan, often referred to as the A-A line.

The outcome of Barbarossa would influence the course of the latter half of the 20th Century.

German propaganda made claims that the Red Army was preparing to attack them, and their own assault was thus presented as a pre-emptive war. Hitler’s Kampf, however, makes clear his intention of an invasion of the Soviet Union. In his book, he made clear his belief that the German people needed Lebensraum, and that it should be found in the East. It was the stated policy of Hitler to kill, deport, or enslave the Russian and other Slavic populations, whom he considered inferior, and to repopulate the land with Germanic peoples. This policy was called the New Order and was laid out in detail in Goering’s Green Folder. The entire urban population was to be exterminated by starvation, thus creating an agricultural surplus to feed Germany and allowing their replacement by a German upper class. The German Nazi-ideologist Alfred Rosenberg suggested that conquered Soviet territory should be administered in the following Reichskommissariats:

Ostland (The Baltic countries and Belarus) 
Ukraine (Ukraine and adjacent territories), 
Kaukasus (Southern Russia and the Caucasus area), 
Moskau (Moscow metropolitan area and the rest of European Russia) 
Turkestan (Central Asian republics and territories) 
Üral (Central and South Ural and nearest territories, created from planned East Russian European territorial reorganization) 
West Sibirien (Future West Siberia and Novosibirsk held lands) 
Nordland (Soviet Arctic areas: West Nordland (Russian European north coasts) and Ost Nordland (Northwest Siberian north coasts)

German policy aimed to destroy the Soviet Union as a political entity in accordance with the geopolitical Lebensraum idea (“Drang nach Osten”) for the benefit of future German generations in the centuries to come. Also the A-A Line would give Hitler’s Empire reach to the Ural Mountains.

The Führer anticipated additional benefits:

When the Soviet Union was defeated, the labor shortage in the German industry could be ended by the demobilization of many soldiers. 
Ukraine would be a reliable source of agriculture. 
Having the Soviet Union as a source of slave labor would vastly improve Germany’s geostrategic position. 
The German economy needed access to more oil and controlling the Baku Oilfields would achieve this. 

The German-Soviet Pact had been signed shortly before the German and Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939. It was ostensibly a non-aggression pact but secret protocols outlined an agreement between the Third Reich and the Soviet Union on the division of the border states between them. As a result of this pact, Germany and the Soviet Union had reasonably strong diplomatic relations and were important trading partners. The Soviet Union supplied oil and raw materials to Germany, while Germany provided technology to the Soviet Union. Despite the pact, both sides remained strongly suspicious of each other’s intentions, and as both sides began colliding with each other in Eastern Europe it appeared that conflict was inevitable.

Hitler had long wanted to conquer western Russia in order to exploit what he saw as its untermensch Slavic population. He had signed the pact simply for (mutual) short-term convenience. In addition to the territorial ambitions of both Hitler and Stalin, the contrasting ideologies of Germany and the Soviet Union made an eventual conflict between them likely.

Stalin’s reputation contributed both to the Hitler’s justification of his assault and his faith in success. During the late 1930s, Stalin had killed or incarcerated millions of citizens during the Great Purge, including large numbers of competent and experienced military officers and strategists, leaving the Red Army weakened and leaderless. The Germans often emphasized the brutality of the Soviet regime when targeting the Slavs with propaganda.

Operation Barbarossa represented a northern assault towards Leningrad, a symbolic capturing of Moscow, and an economic strategy of seizing oil fields in the south, towards Ukraine. Hitler and his generals disagreed on where Germany should focus its energies, and so Barbarossa was largely a compromise of these views.

In preparation for the attack, Hitler moved 3.5 million German soldiers and about 1 million Axis soldiers to the Soviet border, launched many aerial surveillance missions over Soviet territory, and stockpiled materiel in the East. The Soviets were still taken by surprise, mostly due to Stalin’s belief that the Third Reich was unlikely to attack. He refused to believe repeated warnings from his intelligence services on the German buildup. As a result, Stalin’s preparations against a possible invasion in 1941 were half-hearted.

Hitler and his generals researched into Napoleon’s failed invasion of Russia. At Hitler’s insistence, the German High Command (OKW) began to develop a strategy to avoid repeating these mistakes.

The strategy Hitler and his generals agreed upon involved four separate army groups assigned to capture specific regions and cities of the Soviet Union. The main German thrusts were conducted along historical invasion routes. Army Group North was assigned to march through the Baltics, into northern Russia, and either take or destroy the city of Leningrad. Army Group Center would advance to Smolensk and then Moscow. Army Group South was to strike the heavily populated and agricultural heartland of Ukraine, taking Kiev before continuing eastward over the steppes of southern Russia all the way to the Volga and the oil-rich Caucasus. Army Group Orient would advance north from Syria, Turkey and Iraq into the Caucasus region to first seize the Baku Oilfields and then to flank those forces facing Army Group South. This was made possible with agreements wrung from France, Iraq, and Turkey, all of which were more than willing to work with Germany after the demise of Britain.

Hitler, the OKW and the various high commands disagreed about what the main objectives should be. In the preparation for Barbarossa, most of the OKW argued for a straight thrust to Moscow, whereas Hitler kept asserting his intention to seize the resource-rich Ukraine and Baltics before concentrating on Moscow.

Along with the strategic objectives, the Germans also decided to bring rear forces into the conquered territories to counter any partisan activity which they knew would erupt in the areas they controlled. This included units of the Waffen SS and the Gestapo who specialized in crushing dissent and capturing and killing opponents.

In the spring of 1941, the Soviet Union was by no means a weak country. Rapid Soviet industrialization in the 1930s had resulted in industrial output second only to that of the United States, and equal to that of Germany. Production of military equipment grew steadily, and in the pre-war years the economy became progressively more oriented toward military production. In the early 1930s, a very modern operational doctrine for the Red Army was developed and promulgated in the 1936 field regulations.

In 1941, the Soviet armed forces in the western districts were outnumbered by their German counterparts, 4.6 million Axis solders vs. 2.6 million Soviet soldiers. The overall size of the Soviet armed forces in early May 1941, though, amounted to a little more than 5 million men, 2.6 million in the west, 1.8 million in the far east, with the rest being deployed or training elsewhere. While the strength of both sides varied, in general it is accurate to say that the 1941 campaign was fought with the Axis having slight numerical superiority in manpower at the front.

In some key weapons systems, however, the Soviet numerical advantage was considerable. In tanks, for example, the Red Army had a large superiority. The Red Army possessed 23,106 tanks, of which about 12,782 were in the five Western Military Districts (three of which directly faced the German invasion front). Maintenance and readiness standards were very poor; ammunition and radios were in short supply, and many units lacked the trucks needed for resupply beyond their basic fuel and ammunition loads.
Also, from 1938, the Soviets had partly dispersed their tanks to infantry divisions for infantry support, but after their experiences in the Winter War and their observation of German Blitzkrieg tactics against France, had begun to emulate the Germans and organize most of their armored assets into large, fully mechanized divisions and corps. This reorganization however was only part way through by the dawn of Barbarossa, as not enough tanks were available to bring the mechanized corps up to organic strength.
The German Wermacht had about 5,200 tanks overall, of which 4,000 were committed to the invasion. This yielded a balance of immediately-available tanks of approximately 3:1 in the Red Army’s favor. Despite overwhelming Russian armor numbers, the Russians in 1941 still lacked the communications, training and experience to employ such weapons effectively.

The Soviet numerical advantage in heavy equipment was also more than offset by the greatly superior training and readiness of German forces. The Soviet officer corps and high command had been decimated by Stalin’s Great Purge (1936–1938). Of 90 Generals arrested only six survived, of 180 divisional commanders only 36 survived, just seven out 57 Army Corps Commanders survived the purges. In total some 30,000 Red Army personnel were murdered, while more were shipped to Siberia and were replaced with officers deemed more “politically reliable.” Three of the five pre-war marshals and about two-thirds of the corps and division commanders were shot. This often left younger, less well-trained officers in their places; for example, in 1941, seventy-five percent of Red Army officers had held their posts for less than one year. The average Soviet corps commander was 12 years younger than the average German division commander. These officers tended to be very reluctant to take the initiative and often lacked the training necessary for their jobs.

The number of aircraft was also heavily in the Soviets’ favor. However, Soviet aircraft were largely obsolete, and Soviet artillery lacked modern fire control techniques. Most Soviet units were on a peacetime footing, explaining why aviation units had their aircraft parked in closely-bunched neat rows, rather than dispersed, making easy targets for the Luftwaffe in the first days of the conflict. Prior to the invasion the Red Air Force was forbidden to shoot down German reconnaissance aircraft despite hundreds of pre-war flights into Soviet airspace.

The Russian war effort in the first phase of the Eastern front war was severely hampered by a shortage of modern aircraft. The Soviet fighter force was equipped with large numbers of obsolete aircraft, such as the I-15 biplane and the I-16. Few aircraft had radios and those that were available were unencrypted and did not work reliably. The poor performance of VVS (Voenno-Vozdushnye Sily, Soviet Air Force) during the Winter War with Finland had increased the Luftwaffe’s confidence that the Soviets could be mastered. The standard of flight training had been accelerated in preparation for a German attack that was expected to come in 1942 or later. But Russian pilot training was extremely poor.

The Red Army was dispersed and unprepared, and units were often separated and without transportation to concentrate prior to combat. Although the Red Army had numerous, well-designed artillery pieces, some of the guns had no ammunition. Artillery units often lacked transportation to move their guns. Tank units were rarely well-equipped, and also lacked training and logistical support. Maintenance standards were very poor. Units were sent into combat with no arrangements for refueling, ammunition resupply, or personnel replacement. Often, after a single engagement, units were destroyed or rendered ineffective. The Army was in the midst of reorganizing the armor units into large Tank Corps, adding to the disorganization.

As a result, although on paper the Red Army in 1941 seemed at least the equal of the German army, the reality in the field was far different; incompetent officers, as well as partial lack of equipment, insufficient motorized logistical support, and poor training placed the Red Army at a severe disadvantage.

In the spring of 1941, Stalin’s own intelligence services made regular and repeated warnings of an impending German attack. However, Stalin chose to ignore these warnings. Although acknowledging the possibility of an attack in general and making significant preparations, he decided not to run the risk of provoking Hitler. He had fielded officers who were likely to tell him only what he wanted to hear, so that he believed that the position of the Soviet Union in early 1941 was much stronger than it actually was. He also had an ill-founded confidence in the German-Soviet Pact, which had been signed just two years before. Consequently, the Soviet border troops were not put on full alert and were sometimes even forbidden to fire back without permission when attacked — though a partial alert was implemented on April 10 — they were simply not ready when the German attack came.

Enormous Soviet forces were massed behind the western border in case the Germans did attack. However, these forces were very vulnerable due to changes in the tactical doctrine of the Red Army. In 1939 it had adopted, on the instigation of General Pavlov, a standard linear defense tactic on a line with other nations. Infantry divisions, reinforced by an organic tank component, would be dug in to form heavily fortified zones. Then came the shock of the Fall of France. The French Army, considered the strongest in the world, was defeated in a mere six weeks. Soviet analysis of events, based on incomplete information, concluded that the collapse of the French was caused by a reliance on linear defense and a lack of armored reserves.

The Soviets decided not to repeat these mistakes. Instead of digging in for linear defense, the infantry divisions would henceforth be concentrated in large formations. Most tanks would also be concentrated into 31 mechanized corps, each with over 1000 tanks – larger than an entire German panzer army (though only a few such corps had attained their nominal strength by May 15). Should the Germans attack, their armored spearheads would be cut off and wiped out by the mechanized corps. These would then cooperate with the infantry armies to drive back the German infantry, vulnerable in its approach march. The Soviet left wing, in Ukraine, was to be enormously reinforced to be able to execute a strategic envelopment: after destroying German Army Group South it would swing north through Poland in the back of Army Groups Centre and North. With the complete annihilation of the encircled German Army thus made inevitable, a Red Army offensive into the rest of Europe would follow.


The World Will Hold It's Breath
Operation Barbarossa – Opening Phase (May 15, 1941 – May 26, 1941)
At 3:15 am on May 15, 1941, the Axis attacked. It is difficult to precisely pinpoint the strength of the opposing sides in this initial phase, as most German figures include reserves slated for the East but not yet committed, as well as several other issues of comparability between the German and USSR’s figures. A reasonable estimate is that roughly three million Wermacht troops went into action on 15 May, and that they were facing slightly fewer Soviet troops in the border Military Districts. The contribution of the German allies would generally only begin to make itself felt later in the campaign. The surprise was complete: Stavka, alarmed by reports that Wermacht units approached the border in battle deployment, had at 00:30 AM ordered to warn the border troops that war was imminent, only a small number of units were alerted in time.

The shock stemmed less from the timing of the attack than from the sheer number of Axis troops who struck into Soviet territory simultaneously. Aside from the roughly 3.5 million German land forces engaged in, or earmarked for the Eastern Campaign, about 500,000 Romanian, Hungarian, Slovakian and Italian troops eventually accompanied the German forces, while the Army of Finland made a major contribution in the north. The 250th Spanish “Blue” Infantry Division was an odd unit, representing neither an Axis or a Waffen-SS volunteer formation, but that of Spanish sympathizers.

Luftwaffe reconnaissance units worked at a frantic pace to plot troop concentration, supply dumps, and airfields, and mark them for destruction. The task of the Luftwaffe was to neutralize the Soviet Air Force. This was not achieved in the first days of operations, despite the Soviets having concentrated aircraft in huge groups on the permanent airfields rather than dispersing them on field landing strips, making them ideal targets. The Luftwaffe claimed to have destroyed 1,489 aircraft on the first day of operations. Hermann Göring, Chief of the Luftwaffe distrusted the reports and ordered the figure checked. Picking through the wreckages of Soviet airfields, the Luftwaffe’s figures proved conservative, as over 2,000 destroyed Soviet aircraft were found. The Luftwaffe had achieved air superiority over all three sectors of the front, and would maintain it until the close of the campaign, largely due to the need by the Red Army Air Forces to maneuver in support of retreating ground troops. The Luftwaffe would now be able to devote large numbers of its Geschwader to support the ground forces.

Army Group North
Opposite Heersgruppe Nord were two Soviet armies. The Wermacht OKH sent 16th Army south from Finland, while 18th Army made a daring amphibious assault on Riga and the 4th Panzer Group, with a strength of 600 tanks, was thrust at the junction of the two Soviet armies in that sector. The 4th Panzer Group’s objective was to cross the River Neman and River Dvina which were the two largest obstacles in the direction of advance towards Leningrad. On the first day, the tanks crossed the River Neman and penetrated 50 miles (80 km). Near Rasienai, the tanks were counterattacked by 300 Soviet tanks. It took four days for the Germans to encircle and destroy the Soviet armor. The Panzer Groups then crossed the River Dvina near Dvinsk. Manstein, sensing opportunity rapidly pushed forward, pinning what Soviet forces remained against the river, joined by 16th and 18th Armies, wiping out what few enemies remained. By 26 May, Leningrad was in German hands, partially aided by a coup that occurred as German soldiers neared the city.

Army Group Center
Opposite Heersgruppe Mitte were four Soviet armies: the 3rd, 4th, 10th and 11th Armies. The Soviet Armies occupied a salient which jutted into German occupied Polish territory with the Soviet salient’s center at Bialystok. Beyond Bialystok was Minsk, both the capital of Belorussia and a key railway junction. The goals of the AG Center’s two Panzer Groups was to meet at Minsk, denying an escape route to the Red Army from the salient. The 3rd Panzer Group broke through the junction of two Soviet Fronts in the North of the salient, and crossed the River Neman while the 2nd Panzer Group crossed the River Bug in the South. While the Panzer Groups attacked, the Wermacht Army Group Center infantry Armies struck at the salient, eventually encircling Soviet troops at Bialystok.
Moscow at first failed to grasp the dimensions of the catastrophe that had befallen the USSR. Marshall Timoshenko ordered all Soviet forces to launch a general counter-offensive, but with supply and ammunition dumps destroyed, and a complete collapse of communication, the uncoordinated attacks failed. Next came the infamous Directive of People’s Commissariat of Defense No. 3, which demanded that the Red Army start an offensive: Stalin commanded the troops “to encircle and destroy the enemy grouping near Suwałki and to seize the Suwałki region by the evening of May 19″ and “to encircle and destroy the enemy grouping invading in Vladimir-Volynia and Brody direction” and even “to seize the Lublin region by the evening of 24.6.” This maneuver failed and disorganized Red Army units, which were soon destroyed by the Wermacht forces. Further complicating the Soviet position, on 15 May the anti-Soviet May Uprising in Lithuania began, and on the next day an independent Lithuania was proclaimed. An estimated 30,000 Lithuanian rebels engaged Soviet forces, joined by ethnic Lithuanians from the Red Army. As the Germans reached further north, armed resistance against the Soviets broke out in Estonia as well.

On May 20th, 2nd and 3rd Panzer Groups met up at Minsk advancing 200 miles (300 km) into Soviet territory and a third of the way to Moscow. In the vast pocket between Minsk and the Polish border, the remnants of 32 Soviet Rifle, eight tank, and motorized, cavalry and artillery divisions were encircled.

Army Group South
Opposite Army Group South in Ukraine Soviet commanders had reacted quickly to the German attack. From the start, the invaders faced a determined resistance. Opposite the Germans in Ukraine were three Soviet armies, the 5th, 6th and 26th. The German infantry Armies struck at the junctions of these armies while The 1st Panzer Group drove its armored spearhead of 600 Tanks right through the Soviet 6th Army with the objective of capturing Brody. On May 19th, five Soviet mechanized corps with over 1,000 tanks mounted a massive counter-attack on the 1st Panzer Group. The battle was among the fiercest of the invasion lasting over four days; in the end the Germans prevailed, though the Soviets inflicted heavy losses on the 1st Panzer Group.

With the failure of the Soviet counter-offensives, the last substantial Soviet tank forces in Western Ukraine had been committed, and the Red Army assumed a defensive posture, focusing on conducting a strategic withdrawal under severe pressure. 

Army Group Orient
Rommel had been pulling at the leash Hitler had kept tight around his throat for months as Army Group Orient was reorganized into a force of three armies in preparation for Barbarossa. When 15 May came, Rommel lunged north across the Soviet frontier and made rapid progress seizing Baku on 18 May before the enemy could put up a valid defense. To Rommel’s surprise, the only force that faced him was the hastily organized 19th Army. Due to possessing greater mobility, Rommel was readily able to outmaneuver the enemy, encircling and destroying 19th Army by 25 May.

By the end of the first week, all four German Army Groups had achieved major Campaign objectives. However, in the vast pocket around Minsk and Bialystok, the Soviets were still fighting; reducing the pocket was causing high German casualties and many Red Army troops were also managing to escape. On the final reduction of the encirclement, 290,000 Red Army troops were captured, with 1,500 guns and 2,500 tanks destroyed, but 250,000 Red Army troops managed to escape.

Operation Barbarossa – Closing Phase (May 26, 1941 – August 17, 1941)
26 May 1941, Hitler finally gave the go-ahead for the Panzers to resume their drive east after the infantry divisions had caught up and the hold on Leningrad had been consolidated. The ultimate objective of Army Group Center was the city of Smolensk, which commanded the road to Moscow. Facing the Germans was an old Soviet defensive line held by six armies. On May 29th, the Soviets launched an attack with 700 tanks against the 3rd Panzer Army. The Germans defeated this counterattack using their overwhelming air superiority. The 2nd Panzer Army crossed the River Dnieper and closed on Smolensk from the south while the 3rd Panzer Army, after defeating the Soviet counter attack, closed in on Smolensk from the north. Trapped between their pincers were three Soviet armies. On June 18th, the Panzer Groups closed the gap and 180,000 Red Army troops were captured.

Four weeks into the campaign, the Germans realized they had grossly underestimated the strength of the Soviets. The German troops had run out of their initial supplies but still had not attained the expected strategic freedom of movement. Operations were now slowed down to allow for a resupply; the delay was to be used to adapt the strategy to the new situation. Hitler had lost faith in battles of encirclement as large numbers of Soviet soldiers had continued to escape them and now believed he could defeat the Soviets by inflicting severe economic damage, depriving them of the industrial capacity to continue the war. That meant the seizure of the industrial center of Charkov and the Donets Basin, a major center of military production. Rommel was already making that a reality as his Army Group Orient drove hard to flank Soviet forces in the Ukraine, Stalingrad its next goal. With the capture of Leningrad, Hitler now diverted Army Group North’s panzers south to reinforce Army Group Center on its drive toward Moscow, while 2nd Panzer Army was detached and sent south.

By late-May below the Pinsk Marshes, the Germans had come within a few miles of Kiev. The 1st Panzer Army then went south while the German 17th Army struck north and in between the Germans trapped three Soviet armies near Uman. As the Germans eliminated the pocket, the tanks turned north and crossed the Dnieper. Meanwhile, the 2nd Panzer Army, diverted from Army Group Center, had crossed the River Desna with 2nd Army on its right flank. The two Panzer armies now trapped four Soviet armies and parts of two others.

2nd Panzer Army had swung to the south in the back of the Kiev position, while Army Group South moved to the north from its Dniepr bridgehead. These forces would be augmented by Army Group Orient in a flanking maneuver following its conquest of Stalingrad in late June. The encirclement of Soviet Forces in Kiev was achieved on July 27th. The encircled Soviets did not give up easily, and a savage battle ensued in which the Soviets were hammered with tanks, artillery and aerial bombardment. Kiev fell on August 7, but the encircled Soviet armies fought on. In the end, after ten days of vicious fighting, the Germans captured over 480,000 Soviet soldiers.

Meanwhile, the Battle for Moscow was being decided.

Operation WOTAN: The Drive for Moscow
For Hitler, Moscow was the most important military and political target, as he anticipated that the city’s surrender would shortly afterwards lead to the general collapse of the Soviet Union. Therefore, the city was a primary target for the large and well-equipped Army Group Center as well as Army Group North which had recently captured Leningrad, its prime objective. The forces committed to Operation Wotan included five armies (the 2nd, 4th, 9th, 16th, and 18th) supported by two Panzer Groups (the 3rd and 4th) and by the Luftwaffe’s Luftflotte 1 and 2. The attack relied on standard blitzkrieg tactics, using Panzer groups rushing deep into Soviet formations and executing double-pincer movements, pocketing Red Army divisions and destroying them.

The initial Wehrmacht plan called for two initial movements. The first would be a single-pincer performed around the Soviet Western Front and Reserve Front forces located around Vyazma. The second would be a single-pincer around the Bryansk Front to capture the city of Bryansk. From that point, the plan called for another quick pincer north and south of Moscow to encircle the city.

Facing the Wehrmacht were three Soviet fronts, with most of the troops deployed in a single line and little to no reserves to the rear. Furthermore, many Soviet defenders were seriously lacking in combat experience and some critical equipment (such as anti-tank weapons), while their tanks were obsolete models. Worse, the Soviet Air Force/Voenno-Vozdushnye Sily (VVS) had suffered appalling losses, rendering air strength down to about a quarter of pre-war strength.

The Soviet command began constructing extensive defenses around the city. The first part, the Rzhev-Vyazma defense setup, was built on the Rzhev-Vyazma-Bryansk line. The second, the Mozhaisk defense line, was a double defense stretching between Kalinin and Kaluga. These defenses were still largely unprepared by the beginning of the operation because of the speed of the German advance. Furthermore, the German attack plan had been discovered quite late, and Soviet troops were ordered to assume a total defensive stance only on 14 June 1941. However, new Soviet divisions were being formed in Asia and in the Urals, and it would only be a matter of several months before these new troops could be committed, making the battle a race against time as well.

Vyazma and Bryansk Pockets
Near Vyazma, the Western and Reserve fronts were quickly defeated by the highly mobile forces of the 4th Panzer group that exploited weak areas in the defenses and then quickly moved behind the Red Army lines. The defense setup, still under construction, was overrun as the German armored spearhead encircled them at Vyazma. Four Soviet armies (the 19th, 20th, 24th and 32nd) were trapped in a huge pocket just west of the city.

Contrary to German expectations, the encircled Soviet forces did not surrender easily. Instead, the fighting was fierce and desperate, and the Wehrmacht had to employ 28 divisions to eliminate the surrounded Soviet armies, using forces that were needed to support the offensive towards Moscow. The remnants of the Soviet Western and Reserve Fronts were able to retreat and consolidate their lines around Mozhaisk. Moreover, the surrounded Soviet forces were not completely destroyed, as some of the encircled troops escaped in groups ranging in size from platoons to full rifle divisions. Soviet resistance near Vyazma also provided time for the Soviet high command to quickly bring some reinforcements to the four armies defending the Moscow direction (namely, the 5th, 16th, 43rd and 49th), and to transport three rifle and two tank divisions from the Far East. The initial presence of the Siberians on the battlefield was countered politically. Messages between Berlin and Tokyo were followed by belligerent, anti-Soviet editorials in semi-official Japanese newspapers. These alarmed the Kremlin, which halted abruptly the flow of Siberian Divisions to the west, fearing they might be needed to fight in Manchuria.
In the south near Bryansk, initial Soviet performance was barely more effective than near Vyazma. The Third Panzer Group executed an enveloping movement around the whole front, linking with the advancing 2nd Army and capturing Orel by 20 June and Bryansk by 23 June. Luftflotte 1/2 flew 984 combat missions and destroyed some 679 vehicles on 20 June. On 21 June a mixture of 100 dive-bombers and medium bombers destroyed rail lines and hampered Soviet troop movements in the Sumy-Lgov-Kursk area, severing communications between the Bryansk and South-Western Fronts. The Soviet 3rd and 13th armies were encircled but, again, did not surrender, and troops were able to escape in small groups, retreating to intermediate defense lines around Poniry and Mtsensk. By 10 July, the last remnants had escaped from the pocket.

Stavka’s reaction to 3rd Panzer Group’s drive on Tula was sluggish and the weak Soviet tank attacks of 24 June were repulsed with heavy loss. Hoth’s Group gained ground at such pace that it was confidently believed the hard crust of the Soviet defense must have been cracked. But it had not. Supreme Stavka ordered that Tula, on the southern approaches to Moscow, was to be held to the last, and the fanatical Soviet defense of the area between the city and Mtsensk brought the first check to 3rd Panzer Group’s drive. Luftflotte 1/2 flew 1,400 attacks against Soviet positions to support the 3rd Panzer Division, destroying 20 tanks, 34 artillery pieces and 650 vehicles of various kinds.
Elsewhere, massive Soviet counterattacks had further slowed the German offensive. The 4th Army, operating to the North of Hoth’s forces with the aim of trapping the Bryansk front became faced with a strong Soviet counter-attack. The Soviets supported the assault with heavy air-support. Despite being numerically inferior, the Luftwaffe inflicted heavy losses to the VVS. 152 Stuka sorties and 259 medium bombers blunted the Soviet attack whilst another 202 Stuka and 188 medium bomber strikes were flown against supply columns in the Brynask area. Soviet Forces were caught in the open, with the Luftwaffe destroying 22 tanks and over 450 vehicles; the Soviet attack had been routed.

The magnitude of the initial Soviet defeat was appalling. According to German estimates, 514,000 soldiers were captured by the Wehrmacht in both pockets, reducing Soviet strength by 41 %. The desperate Red Army resistance, however, had greatly slowed the Wehrmacht. When, on 27 June 1941, the Germans arrived within sight of the Mozhaisk line, they found a hastily prepared defensive set-up. The Luftwaffe still controlled the sky whenever it appeared in strength. The Stukageschwader and Kampfgruppen (Stuka and bomber groups) flew 537 sorties destroying some 440 vehicles (mainly motor vehicles and trucks) and 150 artillery pieces.

On 30 June, Stalin ordered the evacuation of the Communist Party, the General Staff and various civil government offices from Moscow to Kuibyshev, leaving only a limited number of officials behind. The evacuation caused panic among Moscovites. From 3 July to 4 July, much of the civilian population tried to flee, mobbing the available trains and jamming the roads from the city. Despite all this, Stalin publicly remained in the Soviet capital, somewhat calming the fear and pandemonium.

Mozhaisk Defense Line (30 June – 17 July)
By 30 June 1941, the Wehrmacht had arrived at the Mozhaisk defense line, a hastily constructed double set of fortifications protecting Moscow from the west and stretching from Kalinin towards Volokolamsk and Kaluga. However, despite recent reinforcements, the combined strength of the Soviet armies manning the line (the 5th, 16th, 43rd and 49th armies) were hardly sufficient to stem the German advance. In light of the situation, it was decided to concentrate Red Army forces at four critical points: Volokolamsk, Mozhaisk, Maloyaroslavets and Kaluga. The entire Soviet Western Front, almost completely destroyed after its encirclement near Vyazma, was being recreated from scratch.

On 30 June 1941, the Wehrmacht resumed its offensive. At first, the Germans were unwilling to assault the Soviet defenses directly and attempted to bypass them by pushing northeast towards the weakly protected city of Kalinin, and south towards Kaluga and Tula. Encouraged by their initial success, the Germans conducted a frontal assault against the fortified line, taking Mozhaisk and Maloyaroslavets on 5 July, Naro-Fominsk on 13 July, and Volokolamsk on 19 July, after intense fighting. Because of the increasing danger of flanking attacks, the Red Army was forced to fall back and withdraw its forces east of the Nara River.

In the south, the 3rd Panzer Army was moving towards Tula with relative ease, since the Mozhaisk defense line did not extend that far south, and because there were no significant concentrations of Soviet troops to slow down the advance. Fuel problems and damaged roads and bridges greatly slowed the Germans; Hoth reached the outskirts of Tula only by 13 July 1941. The German plan initially called for an instant capture of Tula and for a pincer move around Moscow. However, the first attempt to capture the city failed, as German panzers were stopped by the 50th Army and civilian volunteers in a desperate fight. Hoth’s army had to stop within sight of the city on 21 July 1941.

Wehrmacht at the Gates (19 July – 22 August)
By mid-July the Wehrmacht and the Red Army could be compared to “punch-drunk boxers, staying precariously on their feet but rapidly losing the power to hurt each other.” The German forces were wearing out, with only one-half of their motor vehicles still functioning, infantry divisions at one-half to two-thirds strength, and serious logistics issues. Even Hitler seemed to surrender to the idea of a long struggle, since the prospect of sending tanks into such a large city without heavy infantry support seemed risky after the costly capture of Warsaw in 1939. Still, morale ran high. By mid-July, of the three main objectives, Leningrad was in German hands and Kiev was nearly encircled. Only Moscow remained and it was within reach.

Yet the Wehrmacht struggled and that was because moving east of Smolensk meant stretching German supply lines beyond their effective limit. The colossal loss of materiel on the eastern front – without having won a decisive victory – was bleeding the German economy to death – reaching a total impasse. Despite this, Germany pressed on. It was through the achievement of Lebensraum that the Third Reich hoped to achieve both the standard of affluence and the encompassing reach of global power already attained by Britain and the United States.

The Red Army was in a very precarious position. Stalin wanted several preemptive counteroffensives to be launched against the German lines, despite protests from his generals, who pointed out the complete lack of reserves. The Wehrmacht was able to repel most of these counteroffensives, depleting the Red Army of men and vehicles that could have been used for Moscow’s defense.

At this point, the Wehrmacht still possessed an overall superiority in manpower and land forces over the Red Army. The German divisions committed to the final assault on Moscow numbered 1,943,000 men, 1,500 tanks, while Soviet forces were reduced to a shadow of their former selves, with barely 90,000 men. The Soviets had not had time to complete any defensive works around the city and the morale of those soldiers defending the capital was reaching its nadir.

On 22 July 1941, Wehrmacht spearheads were unleashed, with the goal of encircling Moscow and linking up near the city of Noginsk, east of the capital. In order to achieve this objective, the German 4th Panzer group needed to concentrate its forces between the Moscow reservoir and Mozhaisk, then proceed to Klin and Solnechnogorsk to encircle the capital from the north. In the south, the 3rd Panzer Army intended to bypass Tula, still in Soviet hands, and advance to Kashira and Kolomna, linking up with the northern pincer at Noginsk.

Final Pincer
On 24 July 1941, German tank armies began their offensive towards Klin, where no Soviet reserves were available because of Stalin’s wish to attempt a counteroffensive at Volokolamsk, which had forced the relocation of all available reserves forces further south. Initial German attacks split the front in two, and what few Soviet soldiers could man the defense were slaughtered.

The Third Panzer Army finally captured Klin on 27 July 1941, and by 29 July, Solnechnogorsk as well. Soviet resistance was faltering. By 30 July, the German 3rd Panzer Division had seized a bridgehead across the Moscow-Volga Canal — the last major obstacle before Moscow — and stood less than 35 kilometers from the Kremlin. Just northwest of Moscow, the Wehrmacht reached Krasnaya Polyana, little more than 20 kilometers from Moscow; German officers were able to make out some of the major buildings of the Soviet capital through their field glasses.

Hoth reported minimal opposition, not the furious assaults that had been anticipated. 3rd Group’s right-wing Corps, attacked and gained ground quickly. The frontline soldiers realized that the weak opposition they were meeting indicated that the Red Army was all but defeated. One of these soldiers, Sergeant Strauch, said “30 July. We found the bodies of a number of their Commissars, all shot at point-blank range. If the Party isn’t executing them then the rank and file are…”

4th Panzer Group met the phenomenon of large, organized bodies of Red Army troops standing, lining the roads, waiting to surrender. The officer commanding one group told Hoepner that revolution had broken out in Moscow, the government had been overthrown and its leaders shot. Von Bock’s soldiers were already in the capital’s inner suburbs. A flurry of signal messages confirmed the story. General Vlassov, a former dedicated communist, whose Twentieth Army had up to now staunchly defended the northwestern approaches to Moscow, was leading a military junta which had sued for peace terms.

“Our battalion and two others were ordered from the armored personnel carriers and into passenger trains. Russian officers, many with Tsarist cockades, escorted us…After several hours we reached Moscow’s West Station and marched to the city center. Units of Bock’s Army Group were already there and in Red Square an SS detachment was blowing up Lenin’s tomb. At dusk massed searchlights lit up the flag staff over the Kremlin and deeply moved we saw the German War Standard flying at the mast head…”

The war in Russia was over. Now there would be a period of tidying up, politically, socially, and economically. The population had to be fed, the Red Army demobilized, and Russia incorporated into the Reich’s New Order. Hitler was triumphant.


Post-Barbarossa
September 1941 – May 1942
Immediately after the signing of The Treaty of Moscow, Galicia was annexed to the Greater Reich and German occupied Russia was separated into four Reichskommissariats: Ostland under Heinrich Lohse, Ukraine under Eric Koch, Kaukasus under Herbert Backe, and Moskau under Wilhelm Kube.

Russian POWs were put to work restoring damaged infrastructure, as per the terms of the Treaty of Moscow. Hitler readily used this clause in the peace treaty, the use of Soviet prisoners to restore wrecked infrastructure, to put off returning these captured soldiers to Vlassov and were worked to death.

Meanwhile, Himmler’s Race and Settlement Head Office took solid control, determining the fates of tens of millions of individuals in the occupied East. Roughly 90 million were considered “untermenschen” and non-essential, slated either for outright extermination or expulsion to the East. 30 million were slated to be kept either as slave laborers or to be Germanized and absorbed into the Reich. In order to speed up the deaths or migration of these unwanted souls, a Hunger Strategy was adopted, stripping food stuffs from the region to either be used by the occupying German Army or to be sent back to the Reich. Millions more were forcibly driven from their homes during the harshest Russian winter in decades causing many to die of the elements as they sought shelter or attempted to cross the Urals. These determinations were to result, within a twenty year time line, in the removing of all unwanted Slavic strains and placing the country fully under German control. Between 10 and 20 % of the Russian population died due to this strategy that winter.

The Ukraine was opened to massive German settlement in order to exploit its rich soil and mineral deposits. It was also the site of the first great atrocities carried out against the native population, which was transformed into slave labor to harvest the crops among other duties.

Exploitation of Africa
With the British surrender came a great deal of African territory to the Reich, rich with potential which Heydrich and Himmler had seen plain as day. These new territories were a gold mine with enough slave labor to make the SS rich beyond their wildest dreams. Under the guise of instilling order in the Reich’s new lands, Himmler quickly enforced his rights to the Dark Continent.

Starting in January 1941, Himmler appointed Heydrich in charge of a commission to lay out SS action in Africa: political, military, and commercial. What Heydrich came up with was ingenious. The SS would create a fully functioning helot state funded by the material wealth of the colonies. Heydrich would set forward a program establishing mines, camps, a transportation infrastructure, and more.

The indigenous population would not reap the benefits of Heydrich’s program. Belgian and French colonists were lucky enough to keep possession of certain properties in the wake of their new superiors. The Kongo, Luba, Mongo, and other native tribesmen, meanwhile, saw their numbers decimated as they were literally worked to death. SS doctors would seize upon those laborers deemed unfit to work and perform numerous experiments on them including sterilization, medical training, weapons research, and more. Many SS men became infamous for keeping the skulls of native Africans as trophies.

By the end of 1941, an impressive amount of progress had been achieved with 10 % of the indigenous population killed by the effort.

Final Solution
A meeting of senior officials of the Nazi German regime was held in the Berlin suburb of Wannsee on 20 January 1942.

Heydrich opened the conference with an account of the anti-Jewish measures taken in Germany since the Nazi seizure of power in 1933. He said that between 1933 and 1941, 530,000 German and Austrian Jews had emigrated. This information was taken from a briefing paper prepared for him the previous week by Eichmann who, after his experience in organizing the forced emigration of the Viennese Jews in 1938, had become the leading expert on the practicalities of solving the “Jewish question.”

Heydrich reported that there were approximately eleven million Jews in the whole of Europe. He explained that since further emigration of European Jews had been prohibited by the authorities, “another possible solution of the problem has now taken the place of emigration, i.e. the evacuation of the Jews to the East;” this would be a “provisional” solution, but “practical experience” was already being collected for the “future final solution of the Jewish question.”

Heydrich made the ultimate fate intended for the evacuees clear:

Under proper guidance, in the course of the final solution the Jews are to be allocated for appropriate labor in the East. Able-bodied Jews, separated according to sex, will be taken in large work columns to these areas for work on roads, in the course of which action doubtless a large portion will be eliminated by natural causes. The possible final remnant will, since it will undoubtedly consist of the most resistant portion, have to be treated accordingly, because it is the product of natural selection and would, if released, act as the seed of a new Jewish revival.

Heydrich went on to say that in the course of the “practical execution of the final solution,” Europe would be “combed through from west to east. The “evacuated” Jews, he said, would first be sent to “transit ghettos” in the General Government, from which they would be transported to the East. Heydrich said that to avoid legal and political difficulties, it was important to define who was a Jew for the purposes of “evacuation.” He outlined categories of people who would be exempted. Jews over 65 years old, and Jewish Great War veterans alike, who had been severely wounded or who had won the Iron Cross, would be sent to the “model” concentration camp at Theresienstadt. “With this expedient solution,” he said, “in one fell swoop many interventions will be prevented.”

The situation of people who were in a “racial” sense half or quarter Jews, and of Jews who were married to non-Jews, was more complex. Under the Nuremberg Laws of 1935, their status had been left deliberately ambiguous. Heydrich announced that “mischlings” of the first degree, would be treated as Jews. This would not apply if they were married to a non-Jew and had children by that marriage. It would also not apply if they had been granted written exemption by “the highest offices of the Party and State.” Such persons would instead be sterilized.

“Mischlings of the second degree” would be treated as Germans unless they were married to Jews or mischlings of the first degree, or had a “racially especially undesirable appearance that marks him outwardly as a Jew,” or had a “political record that shows that he feels and behaves like a Jew.” Persons in these latter categories would be deported even if married to non-Jews.

In the case of mixed marriages, Heydrich advocated a policy of caution, “with regard to the effects on the German relatives.” If such a marriage had produced children who were being raised as Germans, the Jewish partner would not be deported. If they were being raised as Jews, they might be deported, or sent to Theresienstadt, depending on the circumstances.

It is important to note that these exemptions applied only to German and Austrian Jews (and were not always observed even in regard to them). In most of the occupied countries, Jews were rounded up and deported en masse, and anyone who lived in or identified with the Jewish community in a given place was regarded as a Jew. One of the few exceptions to this was France, where the French regime, in exchange for ready co-operation, was able to apply its own rules, affecting mainly refugees and recent immigrants rather than French-born Jews. Heydrich commented: “In France, the registration of Jews for evacuation will in all probability proceed without great difficulty,” but in fact the great majority of French-born Jews survived. In Denmark, relatively few Jews were ultimately exterminated, due to strong opposition by the King and the populace.

More difficulty was anticipated with Germany’s allies, Romania and Hungary. “In Romania the government has [now] appointed a commissioner for Jewish affairs,” Heydrich said, but in fact the deportation of Romanian Jews was slow and inefficient despite the high degree of popular anti-Semitism. “In order to settle the question in Hungary,” Heydrich said, “it will soon be necessary to force an adviser for Jewish questions onto the Hungarian government.”

Heydrich spoke for nearly an hour. Then followed about thirty minutes of questions and comments, followed by some less formal conversation. Luther from the Foreign Office urged caution in Scandinavia, “Nordic” countries where public opinion was not hostile to the small Jewish populations and would react badly to unpleasant scenes. Hofmann and Stuckart pointed out the legalistic and administrative difficulties over mixed marriages, arguing for compulsory dissolution of marriages to prevent legal disputes and for the wider use of sterilization as an alternative to deportation. Neumann from the Four Year Plan argued for the exemption of Jews who were working in industries vital to the war effort and for whom no replacements are available. Heydrich (keen not to offend Neumann’s boss Hermann Göring) assured him that these Jews would not be “evacuated.” There were questions about the mischlings and those in mixed marriages: the details of these complex questions were put off until a later meeting.

Finally Bühler of the General Government in occupied Poland stated that:

The General Government would welcome it if the final solution of this problem could be begun in the General Government, since on the one hand transportation does not play such a large role here nor would problems of labor supply hamper this action. Jews must be removed from the territory of the General Government as quickly as possible, since it is especially here that the Jew as an epidemic carrier represents an extreme danger and on the other hand he is causing permanent chaos in the economic structure of the country through continued black market dealings.


The Thrust into Asia
Hitler had admitted to various members of his entourage that the peace achieved between Vlassov’s Russia and Germany was only a temporary measure in order to give Germany breathing room to rest and resupply German forces in preparation for the final drive on Siberia.

In November 1941, German and Japanese officials met to determine a joint strategy to seal the fate of the rump Russian state as well as to determine the final boundaries of one another’s sphere of influence in Asia. What arose was Operation Orient, a joint military campaign that would divide Asia between the two powers. According to the plan, Siberia would be jointly assaulted by both parties with the Yenisei River serving as the demarcation line between them. This line continued south with the western border of China as well as the eastern border of India serving as the boundary of one another’s territory. As a means to compensate Japan for placing India with Germany’s sphere, Ceylon would be placed within the Japanese sphere of influence.

It was decided that both powers would act jointly on May 1, 1942.

The Wehrmacht becomes Multinational
In order to find the troops needed for the future campaigns of the Reich, Hitler ordered the ranks opened to Luxembourg, Holland, Belgium, Norway, Denmark, and those dubbed “acceptable” from Poland, the Baltic, Ukraine, and Russia. This was also instituted as a means to draw these lands closer to the Reich in preparation for their annexation.

Though many thought this would lead to minimal gains, the German High Command was surprised by the sheer number of men who stepped forward to join the ranks of the Wehrmacht.

South African Independence
With covert German aid and growing local pressure, an early election was called in South Africa in January 1942 resulting in DF Malan’s Reunited National Party and its coalition partner, the Afrikaner Party, winning a majority. Jan Smut’s forces were savaged at the polls, PM Smuts himself even losing his own seat in Parliament.

Many pointed to Malan’s platform for this momentous victory calling for a realignment from the United Kingdom to Hitler’s Germany. He stated he would fight to transform South Africa into a republic free of Britain’s “pathetic” commonwealth. Malan likewise planned to ratify a system of segregation, possible sterilization of blacks and coloureds, the banning of black trade unions, and an end to mixed marriages.

At the victory celebration held at National Party HQ, Malan was quoted:

“We will not allow the kaffirs to dilute our Boer blood or return us to those days of savagery before our ancestors landed here. This land, this country, this nation was built by our people, the Dutch, through blood, toil, tears, and sweat. We will not give one acre to the kaffirs nor bow down to the oppressive will of the British. This is our time.”

Preparations for Operation Orient
Operation Orient would prove the largest military operation in German history. It consisted of five Army Groups, two assigned to the conquest of Siberia and three to the conquest of India. Hitler gradually inserted four Army Groups into the recently independent Central Asian republics(two in Kazakhstan, one in Uzbekistan, and one in Tajikistan), these republics granting consent for German military occupation due to fears of Vlassov’s future attempts to reconquer them. Though Vlassov noticed these troop movements, he did not wish to antagonize Germany as his grip on power was still tenuous. The final Army Group was being positioned in Iraq for an eastern strike, made possible by a secret agreement with Iran to allow German soldiers through their kingdom on their drive into India.

India was considered to be an easy target as Indian soldiers were considered sub-standard as well as because India was wracked by an ongoing war within its borders between multiple factions as well as British soldiers attempting to keep India within the Empire.

Operation Orient
On 1 May 1942, Japanese forces invaded Siberia from the east as Germany assaulted from the south. Hitler’s stated reasons for the invasion were Vlassov’s aid to partisans, Russia’s slowness to withdraw forces from several Central Asian nations, and its refusal to demobilize.

Vlassov’s forces stood little to no chance with the bulk of the former Red Army in German hands, the loss of most of Russia’s industrial base, and little to no heavy equipment. Despite this, Japan’s initial drive stalled due to the bulk of Vlassov’s armor and aircraft being deployed in the Far East. A bloody stalemate became the norm as both sides slugged it out.

The western Siberian Front rapidly collapsed within the first week due to the fall of Novosibirsk and the capture of Vlassov by German forces driving out of Kazakhstan. Though this marked the end of organized resistance in Western Siberia, the campaign would continue until early September due to the need to secure outlying regions. With German forces pressing from the west, Russian forces in the Far East, forced to defend on two fronts, buckled and dissolved as Japanese forces broke through and drove to the Yenisei River where they met up with their German counterparts.

Operation Maximilian
For well over a year, Germany cultivated a close interest in the affairs of India, the crown jewel of the British Empire. Hitler and the Japanese supported an indigenous militia led by Subhas Chandra Bose to keep the British pinned down. The Indische Legion, variously known as the Tiger Legion, the Free India Legion, or the Azad Hind Fauj was an Indian armed unit raised in 1941 attached to the German Army, nominally under the control of Subhash Chandra Bose. The initial recruits were Indian student volunteers resident in Germany at the time. Raised as an assault group that would perform as a pathfinder unit in the German/Indian invasion of the western frontiers of British India, the contingent first saw action when a hundred of the Legionnaires were parachuted into eastern Iran and infiltrated into India through Baluchistan to commence sabotage operations against the British in preparation for Operation Maximilian.

Citing that the instability within India was threatening the region, Germany invaded with three Army Groups to “restore order.” Army Group Orient, under Field Marshal Erwin Rommel, thrust from Iraq through Iran into India. The two northern Army Groups pressed south through Afghanistan, their advance slowed by two weeks as it consolidated its grip on the kingdom. The first group would follow a northern route hugging the Himalayas and reach its final destination in Calcutta; the second group would do a pincer movement into central India and return to Delhi; and Rommel would sweep down into the southern Indian heartland and capture the port city of Madras. The entire campaign took three months and was notable for the first deployment of the T-34. Discovered during the closing phase of Operation Barbarossa, the tank had drawn the interest of the German High Command with its innovative design. Interested in its combat effectiveness, the Wehrmacht sent several dozen into India and were impressed by its performance.
Southeast Asia saw conflict as well with the surprise capture of Singapore by Japanese soldiers and a combined force of Japanese and Thai soldiers invading Burma, though with minimal gains.

South Africa Joins the Axis
Just as Britain was struggling to push back German forces in India as well as to restore order, South Africa made the shocking announcement that they were declaring themselves a republic, withdrawing from the Commonwealth, interring all British soldiers within their borders, seizing all British property in the country, and then proceeded to invade Swaziland, Basutoland, Bechuanaland, and Southern Rhodesia. With Portugal declaring its neutrality and South Africa controlling the southern coast, Britain was unable to supply or support their colonies against South African forces. Swaziland, Basutoland, and Bechuanaland quickly fell in the opening weeks of the invasion.

A notorious incident occurred in June 1942 when the Royal Navy decided to shell Cape Town. The deaths of civilians, particularly women and children, reignited deep seated anger within South Africa reaching back to the Boer War resurrecting memories of the atrocities committed against civilians by British forces. In retaliation, British soldiers were routinely tortured and/or murdered by South African forces upon capture.

Conclusion of Hostilities
Prime Minister Brown suffered a vote of “no confidence” after the series of debacles that saw the chaos of India, the conflict in Southeast Asia, and the loss of several African colonies. Clement Atlee would assume the position of Prime Minister with the immediate decision to sue for peace. Certain sources have stated that Atlee was more than willing to cede the problem of India to another power, regardless of its traditional importance to the UK. Thus, a peace treaty was rapidly drawn up between Germany and Great Britain granting the Reich a mandate over the former British Raj, though leaving Ceylon under British control.

The conflicts with Japan and South Africa, however, proved much more difficult. Tales of atrocities committed by both powers against British soldiers caused a great deal of outrage among the British population. As the Royal and Imperial Navy fought numerous battles in the Pacific, with the Royal Navy suffering increasing losses, and as the Japanese encouraged independence movements among the Burmese and Malaysians leading to increasing riots and uprisings throughout both colonies, Atlee finally agreed to cede Malaysia, Burma, and Singapore to Japan.

The war between South Africa and Britain would stretch into 1943 as neither side could come to an agreement in what became a quagmire. Germany would continue to covertly send aid to the Afrikaners in arms and advisors. Angry at Atlee’s refusal to come to the bargaining table, South Africa invaded Northern Rhodesia. British forces made repeated attempts at landing troops in South Africa, successfully achieving footholds scattered across the coast. Despite initial success, none of these footholds ever expanded into a successful offensive. As the British economy faltered, and public opinion gradually turned against the war, Atlee finally agreed to speak with Malan culminating in a peace treaty surrendering all African possessions that were occupied by South African forces.

In order to preserve what possessions were still under British control, namely His Majesty’s African colonies, the government’s policies included a major military base to be built in Kenya, and the African colonies would come under an unprecedented degree of direct control from London, as development schemes were implemented with a view to helping solve Britain’s desperate post-war balance of payments crisis, and raising African living standards.

Aftermath
Subhas Chandra Bose would serve as a figurehead for the German puppet state of India. SS forces gradually entered the new Reich mandate to initiate their plans. Most of the Indo-Aryan race was considered to be contaminated by mixing with other lower races. Himmler had identified the purest of the Aryan castes in India to be Germanized; the rest would either be exterminated or subjugated to slave labor.

Those organizations which were viewed to be a threat to German authority, such as parts of the Indian National Congress and the Muslim League, were quickly rounded up and executed, Mahatma Gandhi among them. Any and all uprisings were brutally put down and the Hunger Strategy, which had been initiated in Russia now found its way to India. Using the promise of food, advancement, and rewards, the German occupation force was able to separate India into various factions that aided their future goals.

As for Central Asia, Hitler had the former Soviet republics fused into a single Reichskommissariat Turkestan. Afghanistan was merged into this entity, its rebellious peoples forcibly uprooted into camps.

South Africa would immediately set about enforcing a new policy, Apartheid. Unlike Indians and Chinese individuals, who were allowed in the metropolitan areas, blacks were separated from the white population and forced onto tracts of land where they could be watched and exploited. Gradually they came to adopt the same genocidal policies of Germany to deal with this unwanted segment of the population.

Japan would craft a Russian puppet state, the Siberian Regional Government, from their Siberian holdings and increase their troop presence in Malaysia, Singapore, and Burma while preparing for an invasion of southern China in what they hoped would be the final campaign in the conquest of Chiang Kai-Shek‘s forces. With Russia defeated and China facing annihilation, Warlord Sheng Shicai switched allegiances and withdrew Xinjiang from Nationalist China, declaring it an independent republic requesting Japanese protection, while Mongolia was invaded and annexed by the Japanese puppet state of Mengjiang.


The Final Gasps of Free Europe
The Swedish Question
Though Hitler found himself dragged into Mussolini’s amateurish Grecian debacle in 1943, he refused to be side-tracked from his planning for another campaign: the conquest of Sweden. Tired of the foolishness of “continued neutrality,” and without fear of any other power interfering, Hitler finally decided it was time to draw Sweden into the Greater German Reich as a means to draw all ubermenschen together.

As a means of flexing his muscles, Hitler had Liechtenstein invaded and annexed in March in a campaign that lasted less than three days. Prince Franz Joseph II was publicly executed by beheading as an example after his refusal to cede his lands to the Reich. It was a powerful message for Switzerland and Sweden: neutrality meant nothing and resistance was futile.

Though Hitler had intended to attack Switzerland first, those in his inner circle were able to push him away from the idea due to the economic difficulties that would surely follow. Sweden, and its precious iron deposits, became the primary target for annexation.
Hitler sent an ultimatum on his very birthday, April 20, 1943, demanding the right to station soldiers throughout Sweden; the beginning of a series of phases that would see Sweden relegated to a gau. Sweden declined.

Angry at such impertinence, Hitler ordered the conquest of Sweden initiated. The campaign, dubbed Beowulf, called for invasion forces to drive out of Norway and Finland, while amphibious forces would sail from Denmark coupled with parachute forces. It was believed that the cities Gothenburg, Malmo and Vasteras would fall within a day, Stockholm in three.

As the campaign commenced, and the Swedish forces fell back before the German juggernaut, rather than watch his people be slaughtered needlessly, Gustaf V met with the Prime Minister and the two agreed to acquiesce to the German demands

Operation Tannenbaum
France was defeated. So too were Poland, Norway, Denmark, Holland, and Belgium. Austria and Czechoslovakia had been incorporated into the Greater German Reich and the fascist regime of Francisco Franco held sway over the Iberian Peninsula. In June of 1940, all that remained, surrounded by enemies, was the Swiss Confederation.

Hitler called it a “pimple on the face of Europe.” In the heady days of victory for the Third Reich, a move against the alpine republic seemed inevitable. Even before the Fall of France was made official, plans were being drawn up for ‘Operation Tannenbaum,’ the German invasion of Switzerland. Yet Hitler’s attention was soon drawn towards Britain, and eventually the plan fell by the wayside as he began focusing attention on his Bolshevik neighbor to the East, but his eyes would return to that “Swiss cancer.”

For years, the Swiss had had every reason to expect invasion. After Hitler came to power in 1933, he immediately began making overtures towards the various Nazi and pro-Nazi organizations in German-speaking countries (particularly Austria and Switzerland).The Führer warned against the possibility of Germany ending her days “as a second Switzerland,” serving others as a “slave nation.” Whether cautionary tale, empty rhetoric, or even plain contempt, the Swiss took Hitler’s remarks – and actions – to heart. Everything seemed to point towards German designs on the tiny alpine nation, despite its centuries-old tradition of neutrality and complete disdain for the trendy “pan-this and pan-that” sweeping across Europe.

Textbooks in Germany included Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Holland, Belgium, Austria, Bohemia-Moravia, the German-speaking parts of Switzerland, and western Poland from Danzig to Krakow in maps of Greater Germany.

The author of one of these textbooks, Professor Ewald Banse, responded to Swiss criticisms of his maps by explaining: “Quite naturally we count you Swiss as offshoots of the German nation (along with the Dutch, the Flemings, the Lorrainers, the Alsatians, the Austrians and the Bohemians … One day we will group ourselves around a single banner, and whosoever shall wish to separate us, we will exterminate!” Various Nazis were vocal about the German intent to “expand Germany’s boundaries to the farthest limits of the old Holy Empire, and even beyond.”

In response to this bellicosity, a “sharp increase” in defense spending was approved, with a first installment of 15 million Swiss francs (from a total multi-year budget of 100 million CHF.) to go towards modernization. With Hitler’s renunciation of the Versailles Treaty in 1935, this spending jumped up to 90 million CHF. The budget would only continue to rise as war seemed increasingly inevitable, and this lead in turn to the development of several signature Swiss small arms. The K31 became the standard-issue infantry rifle, and was superior to the German Kar98 in ease of use, accuracy, and weight.

All the branches of the military were in need of modernization, and the Air Force was no exception. The Swiss managed to get the best technology from both parties on the brink of war. The French Morane-Saulnier M.S.406 was produced under license in Switzerland starting in 1938. While the general reputation of the 406 leaves something to be desired, the Swiss managed to upgrade the engine and the propeller, re-designating it the D-3800, and giving it something more of an advantage over the various German fighters of the day.

The few Nazis in Switzerland were, despite their numbers, taken very seriously. There is much data to make the case that at least in the early days of the NSDAP, a great deal of funding came from various Swiss sources.

In 1923, Hitler had been invited to give a talk in Zurich by Ulrich Willie, Jr., the son of Switzerland’s Great War commander-in-chief. Hitler returned “with a steamer trunk stuffed with Swiss francs and American dollars.” Two years earlier, a group of “predominantly high-ranking civil servants, university and high school teachers, publicists, some businessmen, and many army officers” had founded the Volksbund für eine unabhängige Schweiz (People’s Union for an Independent Switzerland, or VUS), at first merely to protest Swiss entry into the League of Nations. To the goals of the VUS was soon added the containment of communism in Europe. Thus, there was enough sympathy to generate a not insignificant amount of funding for the NSDAP and other professed anti-communist groups.

The VUS was primarily Zurich-based, but together with likeminded home guards in other regions of the country, the Schweizerischer Vaterländischer Verband (Swiss Patriotic Federation, or SVV) was formed. This slightly pro-Nazi, semi-authoritarian organization could count among its members none other than Henri Guisan. However, as Raffael Scheck points out, the Swiss population as a whole, including many members of the VUS and SVV after Hitler’s ascent to power, was “largely united in hostility to Germany.”

While the Nazi movement failed to gain a serious foothold in the country, pro-Nazi agitation was seen as a potential precursor to war. The Swiss were not particularly receptive to the idea of a Großdeutschland, and official broadcasts and speeches continually stressed the pluralist, inclusive society that Switzerland had to offer. With its four official languages, Switzerland was proof that a nation did not need to be confined to a citizenry based on ethnicity.

In a message from the Schweizerischer Bundesrat (Swiss Federal Council), the St. Gotthard Pass in the South was held as the embodiment of Europe. The pass, where the Rhône, Rhine, and Ticino Rivers originate, was the spot where the three major cultures of continental Europe – German, French, and Italian – all met. The speech went on to declare:

For the very basis that we reject the concept of race or common descent as the basis of a state and as the factor determining political frontiers, we gain the liberty and the strength to remain conscious of our cultural ties with the three great civilizations. The Swiss national idea is not based upon race or biological factors; it rests on a spiritual decision. The Swiss federal state is an association of free republics: it does not swallow them, it federates them … The respect for the right and liberty of human personality is so deeply anchored in the Swiss idea that we can regard it as its basic concept and can proclaim its defense as an essential task of the nation.

Stephen Halbrook describes the geistige Landesverteidigung of the Swiss, their ‘spiritual national defense,’ as relying entirely on the individual citizen. As a response to National Socialism, the “moral dedication to defense of the homeland and democratic ideas” would be, if necessary, ‘why they fought.’ Federal Councilor Philipp Etter resolved that:

The armed defense of the country is a primary and substantial task of the state. The mental defense of the country falls primarily not on the state but on … the citizen. No…battalions are able to protect right and freedom, where the citizen himself is not capable of stepping to the front door and seeing what is outside.

The ideal man to embody these ideals was Henri Guisan.

Switzerland had a unique form of generalship. In peacetime, there is no officer with a rank higher than that of Oberst (colonel). However, in times of war and ‘of need,’ the Bundesversammlung elects a General to command the army and air force. On August 30, 1939, Henri Guisan was elected with 204 votes out of 227 cast. Despite his membership in the SVV, he would go on to perform admirably, both as a tactician and a morale-booster. Guisan immediately took charge of the situation.

The Wehrmacht had invaded Poland four days earlier, and Britain declared war on Germany immediately afterwards. Guisan called a general mobilization, and issued Operationsbefehl Number 1, the first of what was to be a series of evolving defensive plans.

The first assigned the existing three army corps to the east, north, and west, with reserves in the center and south of the country. Guisan had his Chief of the General Staff increase the service eligibility age from 48 to 60 years old (men of these ages would form the rear-echelon Landsturm units), and ordered the formation of an entirely new army corps of 100,000 men.

In 1938, the Swiss Army had consisted of three army corps, with six infantry and three mountain divisions subordinated to them, plus three mountain brigades. All were commanded by no one higher than the rank of colonel. As 1940 dawned, the Swiss Army had swelled to four army corps and 600,000 men under arms – out of a country of four million. Still, a well-armed citizenry, sizable militia, and possession of that geistige Landesverteidigung would probably not suffice to hold out against the seemingly invincible might of the Wehrmacht.

At the cessation of hostilities in France, the German Army in France consisted of three Army Groups containing roughly 2 million soldiers in 102 divisions. Total casualties amounted to 156,492 for the Germans (with 27,000 dead), and 2.2 million for the French (90,000 of them killed). There existed no clear chain-of-command for the French Army, and most soldiers were concerned with nothing more than returning home, their manhood “milked.”

Unlike many other French units, however, the 179eme Battalion Alpin de Forteresse managed to hold Fort l’Ecluse, just south of Geneva. This prevented a total encirclement of Switzerland until July 3, which was made permanent by the armistice between Vichy France and Germany.

Just prior to the total French collapse, General Guisan issued Operationsbefehl Number 10, which represented a complete overhaul of existing Swiss defensive plans. With the country now surrounded, Op. Bef. 10 signaled a drastic shift in priorities. The weak state of the Swiss Army through the 1930’s rendered incapable of meaningful resistance on its own. Therefore, a secret liaison with the French General Staff had been established, which arranged for French troops to defend Swiss soil in the event of a simultaneous strike on the two countries. With France out of the picture, so were these plans.

Guisan’s concept of a Réduit national was beginning to take shape (though still within his head). In this scenario, the St. Maurice and St. Gotthard Passes in the south, plus the Fortress Sargans in the northeast, would serve as the defense line. The Alps would be their fortress.

Less easy to understand, though, was the only means by which this would function as an effective defense: 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Army Corps were to fight delaying actions at the border, while all who could would retreat to the Alpine refuge. The population centers were all located in the flat plains of the north. They would have to be left to the Germans in order for the rest to survive.

As Halbrook summarizes, for a small nation such as Switzerland “the strategy was one of dissuasion; total victory was not expected. Such a nation could not win a war with Germany, but it could promise higher losses than would be worth the cost to the aggressor.” Guisan himself outlined the doctrine and its justification on July 12:

Switzerland cannot escape the threat of a direct German attack unless the German high command, while preparing such an attack, becomes convinced that a war against us would be long and expensive, would uselessly and dangerously create a new battleground in the heart of Europe, and thus would jeopardize the execution of its other plans … If we must be dragged into the struggle, we will sell our skin as dear as possible.

Generaloberst Wilhelm Ritter von Leeb’s Heeresgruppe ‘C’ (HGr. C), led by Generalleutnant Wilhelm List and the 12th Army would conduct the attack. Leeb himself personally reconnoitered the terrain, studying the most promising invasion routes and paths of least resistance. Menges’ plan called for a pincer movement from German troops in France and Germany focused on taking Bern quickly, with Italian divisions invading from the south. Speed was critical: the plan’s primary objective was to seize the industry in the Solothurn area and capture the railroads, bridges, and transportation infrastructure across the Alps intact.

The plan committed the 12th Army, with three army corps and an independent division (the 12th Mot. Infantry). The SS-“Totenkopf” and 23rd Infantry divisions were kept in reserve, along with a brigade of Fallschirmjäger airborne troops. The three Army Corps, the XV, XVIII, and XII, contained between them 7 infantry divisions, 1 Panzer division, and 1 division of Gebirgsjäger mountain infantry. In addition to 12th Army, Panzergruppe ‘Guderian’ was to be used in the attack – with four panzer divisions and two infantry, his forces were primarily to blitz towards Bern, and capture it before the Swiss could fully realize what was going on. In total, the plan was to make use of 15 divisions.

As Menges noted in his plan (and all subsequent drafts authored by him), he believed that the Swiss resistance was unlikely and that a nonviolent Anschluss was the most likely result. With “the current political situation in Switzerland,” he wrote, “it might accede to ultimatum demands in a peaceful manner, so that after a warlike border crossing a rapid transition to a peaceful invasion must be assured.” The political situation he was referring to was the weak-kneed vacillations of the Federal Council.

Swiss morale was at an all-time low. Despite the looming threat, the Federal Council assumed that with the Battle of France concluded and an armistice signed any immediate danger had passed. The Swiss Army began demobilizing, with a target size of 150,000 men. Federal Councilor Marcel Pilet-Golaz, after consultation with the rest of the Council, made a radio address on June 25 in which he announced the demobilization and warned the Swiss that they would soon have to play a part in a Europe “very different from the Old…and to rely on other foundations.” He made ominous references to the coming “major decisions,” “recovery,” and the breaking of “ancient habits.” His speech was compared to those coming from the newly-minted Vichy regime.

A group of young, patriotic officers began preparing a coup in the case of capitulation, and openly discussed the refusal to obey any order of surrender from any authority whatsoever. The Offiziersbund (Officer’s Alliance) pledged to not obey any orders of surrender, and twenty of the officers were arrested and subjected to “lenient” discipline. Henri Guisan reprimanded them for “not having faith in him.”

With even the officer corps nearing open revolt, General Guisan took a bold step. The most famous moment in his distinguished career came on July 25, 1940. The entire senior officer corps was invited “on a very fine day” to the Rütli, the meadow on which the legendary ‘Oath of the Rütlischwur’ was pledged in 1291, which marked the foundation of the Old Swiss Confederation. The officers took a ferry to the bluff overlooking Lake Lucerne, and gave them a rousing, inspiring address. Invoking the centuries-old Swiss heritage, Guisan pledged that:

Here, soldiers of 1940, we will inspire ourselves with the lesson and spirit of the past to envisage resolution of the present and future of the country … Currently there are, beyond our borders, more troops – and excellent troops – than ever before. We can be attacked on all fronts at the same time, which was not really conceivable a few weeks ago. The army must adapt itself to this new situation and take a position that allows it to hold on to all the fronts. It will thus fulfill its invariable, historic mission … In Europe, for a long time to come, millions of men will remain under arms, and as long as considerable forces can attack us from one moment to the next, the army must and will resist.

The speech was precisely what both the officer corps – and the nation – needed to hear. Coming a month after the Pilet-Golaz address, and by taking the potentially dangerous step of putting his entire officer corps on a single boat to get to the Rütli, Guisan was, as usual, taking huge risks – which resulted in an equally huge payoff. Portions of it were broadcast on the radio and printed in newspapers. Even the Germans were impressed. The German envoy in Bern reported to Berlin on its “surprising declarations.” The orders “warned against the dangers of defeatism and reminded those in the audience to believe in their own strength with which Switzerland, with an iron will, would successfully offer resistance … The Envoy suggests that the Axis powers register a complaint with the Swiss government.” As usual, no one paid him much attention.

Nevertheless, German preparations for invasion – and the Swiss for resistance – were moving straight ahead. The original Menges plan was now outdated, and so after a slight revision, he wrote a new version of it and submitted it to OKH on August 12. Since the original plan was compiled in June, the Swiss Army’s manpower had been halved due to the partial demobilization. During the Battle of France, roughly 42,000 Polish and French soldiers had retreated across the border and were now in internment camps in Switzerland, where they continued to train. As Menges observed, when the Germans invaded, they would surely be released to fight on the Swiss side, but for the time being, guard duty occupied one-and-a-half Swiss divisions in the south, away from the proposed direction of attack.

The new plan was a concentric attack by the Wehrmacht from the north and west, linking up with the Italians invading in the south. Once again, 12th Army would lead the assault, though now without the aid of Panzergruppe Guderian. The plan was merely referred to as “Fall Schweiz” (Case Switzerland).

Only 8 divisions were to be in the first wave, with the same three divisions in reserve as before. While an actual paradrop was considered, it was dismissed. The main goal was to cut off the Swiss retreat to the Alps, but the operational planning had not yet taken into consideration the revised defense plans of the Swiss. Less than half the divisions that were assumed to be along the border and in the lowlands were in fact already stationed in the National Redoubt, and the Germans would have been in for quite a surprise. It was still expected that Switzerland would fall quickly, and Menges said it would be the chore of Germany and Italy to “clear this up.”

Guisan’s Réduit National had been put into effect as an order issued July 17. A drastic, desperate plan, it made military sense, but was risky politically. The most favorable defensive positions were of course, the Alps, but by abandoning the major cities and population centers, the Swiss were in effect leaving 80% of the Swiss population at the mercy of the Germans. All of Swiss industry and indeed, a large swath of the national heritage (including the Rütli) would be left behind.

Operationsbefehl Number 11 served as preparation for that idea, and didn’t define a new defense pattern except to say that “the development of the general situation and its consequences on our borders require a deep change of the current position of the army.” For the time being, this mostly consisted of a shifting divisions to the Zentralraum (Central Area), which would serve as the redoubt and last stand for the Swiss Army.

Switzerland’s greatest defensive strength lay in the terrain, and its fortifications played to this, embodied in the Redoubt concept. From Vallorbe on the French border, to Basel west of Neuchâtel, and on to Konstanz and the Bodensee, the border was heavily armed with a series of fortifications aimed primarily at choking off the narrow valley passes.
The issue of Operationsbefehl Number 12 defined this concept: the army would consider the first priority a “remobilization of the whole army and to secure under all circumstances the possession of the Alpine passes…then to hold the Swiss plateau with its resources as long as possible and to protect the finalization of the preparation of our troops in the pre-Alps as long as possible.”

Op. Bef. 12 divided the country into three tiers. The immediate border areas were heavily fortified but lightly defended. Their mission was mainly to fight a delaying action while full mobilization took place, and the recalled units assembled in the Redoubt. The Vorgeschobene Stellung (Advanced Position) consisted mostly of the interior plains and was home to Luzern, Bern, Fribourg, Thun, and at its northern-most point, Zurich. To the rear, bounded by the Rhine, was the Central Area, home to the National Redoubt and Guisan’s headquarters. It was here the Swiss would fight to the last.

Ten days after Op, Bef. 12 was issued, more than 56 percent of all guns, and 76 percent of the heavy guns (105-150mm) were positioned in the Redoubt, along with 42 percent of the antitank weapons. The Army now contained 8 full divisions (including an ad hoc light infantry division) and 15-20 independent battalions. Half of all Swiss troops had taken up stations in the Redoubt, and stockpiles of small arms, ammunition, and foodstuff had been gathered to last for at least two months.

As a moral strategy, the Redoubt was possibly lacking. While the population was almost universally prepared to personally defend their homes and their country, it has been argued that the population had no idea, despite the explicitly worded orders, that civilians would not be allowed into the Redoubt.

Militarily, though, it was a near-flawless plan. It contained 12 artillery forts and was constructing 19 more, while positions were also to be found for the older 75mm guns without a home. The mountain passes were bristling with artillery, with nearly 100 pieces stationed in the fortresses at St. Gotthard, St. Maurice, and Sargans alone. Aside from the near-universal partisan resistance that could be expected in the cities and plains, the National Redoubt would be a tough nut to crack.

While the second draft of the Menges plan would serve as the basis for all subsequent ones, Hitler believed it did not give enough credit to the Swiss (Menges had concluded that the Swiss Army was “suitable only for defensive purposes and completely inferior to its German counterpart”). On August 26, only two weeks after the previous draft, OKH ordered a new study conducted, with the assumption that “Switzerland is determined to resist an invasion with all its might,” and with 12th Army to lead the attack. Leeb passed the order on to List, whose general staff submitted a fresh plan on August 27.

For the first time in the war, it was given an operational name: Fall Grün (Case Green). Fall Grün was a return to the pincer movement centered on Bern, and now featured Fallschirmjäger units dropped directly into the St. Maurice area, and a spearhead of infantry directly towards the Sarfgans Fortress. This plan was approved by HGr. 12, but appears to have never made it to OKH. Nevertheless, on August 28 Leeb approved the plan as operational doctrine for the foreseeable future.

On October 4, 12th Army sent a reworked plan to HGr. 12. It was now known as “Operation Tannenbaum.” Leeb had planned this draft with the expectation of 21 divisions committed to the assault. OKH returned the plan with a downward revision of these figures to only 11 divisions needed.

Hitler himself had studied the border areas, and concluded that the “Jura frontier offers no favorable base for an attack. Switzerland rises, in successive waves of wood-covered terrain across the axis of an attack. The crossing points on the river Doubs and the border are few; the Swiss frontier position is strong.” He decided on an infantry feint in the Jura in order to draw out the Swiss Army and then cut it off in the rear, as had been done in France. He sent back Tannenbaum with the divisional requirement cut from 21 to 11.
Still, with roughly 15 Italian divisions prepared to enter from the south, the Swiss were looking at an invasion by somewhere between 300,000 and 500,000 men. They figured they could take as many as 200,000 with them.

It was estimated that the Wehrmacht would be able to “occupy the part of Switzerland assigned to us [all but the south, reserved for the Italians] within about 3-4 days (if the demarcation line runs across the Bernese and Glarus Alps), otherwise within 4-5 days.”

Operation Tannenbaum
With the ease of occupying Sweden, and believing Switzerland will surrender just as easily, Hitler announced to the German people the initiation of “the final historic campaign that shall forge the Greater Germanic Reich.” Promising a swift conquest, Hitler ordered OKH to execute Fall Grün, which has not been reduced in size from the 12th Army version of the plan; 17 divisions are to be committed.

Guisan immediately ordered the full mobilization of the Swiss Army, effective as of midnight on September 6, 1943. The border guards were at full alert, and by 0600, the entire 800,000 man army is at their posts.

In a speech to his general staff, portions of which are broadcast on the radio, Guisan issues a stern rebuke to the German invaders: “For eight hundred years, we Swiss have persevered through the worst conflicts to ravage Europe. We have kept to ourselves, wishing no harm to any nation or people. But if you so much as set one foot across our borders, we will defend them to the last man. There will be no surrender from us.” To his officers, he says “now is the test of our national character. Our spirits are high, and we will win the day.” For his conclusion, Guisan switches to his heavily-accented German and, in a play on the Third Reich slogan, declares that “Wir sind nicht ein Volk, sondern Vielen. Wir sind nicht ein Reich, sondern viele Staaten. Wir haben keine Führer – wir haben jeder Mensch. Wir sind jetzt die Verteidiger der Freiheit im Europa und Welt! Wir werden niemals Verzicht!”

At 0200 on Tuesday, September 7, a massive artillery barrage and intense heavy bombing of the border defenses begins. The 7th Grenzwache (border guard) battalion, many of whom are from the Landsturm reserve, is nearly wiped out in the Thurgau area. The rest escape relatively unharmed. In accordance with Fall Grün, the first wave of Fallschirmjäger is dropped into Bern and the St. Maurice region at 0300. At 0415, German troops cross the Swiss border at Geneva and in the Vaud, Basel, Neuchâtel, Aargau, Zürich, and Thurgau cantons.

Resistance is heaviest in the north, where 3 battalions of border guards are backed by two infantry divisions. The entire German XXV Corps enters there, along with two infantry divisions of the XXVII Corps. In the northeast, three German divisions have been committed against three battalions and a division. Geneva falls in hours. Three Fallschirmjäger battalions dropped into the Olten area are met by the Motorized Liebstandarte SS-Adolf Hitler Brigade at 0530.

In Solothurn on the outskirts of Bern, where much of the industry is, the citizenry has holed up in their homes. Most have weapons. However, Guisan has miscalculated. The traditional assumption was always that if the Germans chose to invade, it would be in order to the secure the mountain passes in the south. Thus, according to plan, the bulk of the Swiss Army fights a retreat back to the Alps. The primary goal of 12th Army is to secure industrial strongpoints. Even so, Fall Grün calls for swift action to secure the alpine transit routes, and this remains unchanged during the military operations.

The manufacturing plants in Zurich and Solothurn remain relatively untouched. Maurice St. Germain, an industrialist, manages to torch his Zeitmesser Fabrikat plant before he retreats to his country home in the Valais canton. The 1st Gebirgsjäger Division splits, sending half its men to Aarberg and the other half to Biel. The Motorized SS-Großdeutschland division is sent from the rear to hold Solothurn, and the various forces in Olten and Solothurn advance on Bern. Legend will have it that the capital falls at, in military time, 1648 – the year of Switzerland’s independence from the Holy Roman Empire – but regardless of the exact time, by 1700 Bern is in German hands.

Following the same strategy used by their predecessors in Belgium a generation earlier, Leeb opts to bypass and invest the few Swiss strongholds in the lowlands. The major cities are all taken by Day 2 of the invasion, the 3rd Light Brigade in Zurich having held out for thirteen hours longer than any other. A direct assault by the 260th Infantry Division, coupled with the two battalions of Fallschirmjäger that had dropped into Wegen on the Walensee put an end to the siege.

In total, the ‘Advanced Position’ outlined in Op. Bef. 12 had fallen even sooner than expected, and the Germans were closing in on the National Redoubt with three entire Army Corps a day ahead of schedule.

The first (and only, really) Swiss offensive is towards Geneva. The 20th Motorized Division, a part of the reserve force, has advanced to that city to assist the 52nd Infantry Division with occupation duty.

The 42,000 French and Polish soldiers interned, including the entire Polish 2nd Rifle Division, are rearmed with the great stockpiles of arms the Swiss have been preparing, and together with the Swiss 1st Light Infantry division and remnants of the 1st Grenzwache they march on Geneva. The battle is fierce, and lasts over several days, but as soon as the two panzer divisions of Generaloberst Hoth’s XV Panzer Corps are committed, it is over for sure. The French surrender, as do most of the Poles, but the Swiss fight to the last man. There are 18,042 prisoners taken in the Second Battle of Geneva. Only 1,162 are Swiss.

In the south, the Germans take an interesting route. Hoth’s XV Corps travels from Geneva through demilitarized France and attacks the Simplon Pass from the rear. From Geneva, the 4th and 8th Panzer Divisions split into a pincer movement, terminating at Brig. They are joined by several battalions of Fallschirmjäger.

Lying in wait for them, though, were the 10th Brigade and 1st Division of the Swiss Army at the St. Maurice Fortress. They were armed with a complement of 5 120mm howitzers, 4 84mm guns, and numerous 53mm positions at Fort Savatan and 6 120mm, 2 75mm guns plus 53mm emplacements at Fort Dailly. When Hoth’s panzers reached them on September 16, they managed to repulse the Germans with massive casualties. After two more days of fighting, Hoth withdrew and regrouped. “Die Schweizer können zu ihren verdammt Berg halten,” he spat. He was a patient man. And he did not mind waiting.

It is now September 23 1943. The bitterness of the Battle for Switzerland is something that will live with all Swiss and those German soldiers who participated. Out of the 800,000 Swiss under arms on September 6, 120,000 did not reach the redoubt. Only 15,486 of these soldiers were taken prisoner. In fact, there are more French and Polish prisoners in the German laagers then there are Swiss!

Guisan and his staff are secure in the Redoubt, with the Germans unable to penetrate the massive defense works. However, the Germans are rather unwilling to commit so many forces to the strategically irrelevant alpine region. In the areas at higher altitude, the first snow has fallen, tabling any large offensives until the spring of 1944.

No less than 20 divisions are in occupied Switzerland, and tensions between occupier and occupied are running extremely high. Just as in Czechoslovakia, all popular gatherings have been banned. Weapons and wireless sets owned by private citizens have been ordered to be turned into authorities, including hunting rifles. Wilhelm von Leeb has established his headquarters in occupied Bern for the winter.

The country has not yet been partitioned, as it has not yet been fully conquered. Active resistance in the lowlands is sporadic, and for those 650,000 troops in the alpine redoubt, there is not much to do except wait for an offensive that may never come. In the meantime, Italy moves into southern Switzerland and relieves German soldiers occupying the region.

An interesting propaganda campaign is initiated to garner support from the Swiss citizenry. It preys on the Swiss’ belief that they were betrayed by their Army which had fled to the mountains abandoning them. Accounts of how Swiss soldiers fired on their own people to prevent their entering the Redoubt, some true, many false, as well as the failure of the Swiss Army to launch an offensive serve to increase tensions between the Swiss. Fair treatment of the occupied further aids in splitting the people from their soldiers.

Despite possessing the majority of Switzerland, Hitler raged at his generals for allowing the Swiss Army to slip away. Advised that with winter only a short time away, any offensive into the Alps would meet with disaster, Hitler opts to wait them out. The Swiss have only five months of provisions, and though they make raids into the countryside for resupply, the Germans quickly make such foraging impossible. Though an ever increasing number of the Swiss Army is starving, they refuse to surrender. After several cautious German and Italian offensives conducted in early 1944 result in heavy casualties, Hitler angrily demands the Swiss be “gassed out.” Though his generals are afraid of the international consequences, Hitler retorts, “I will not follow rules of war drawn up by a people who refuse to fight!”

Systematically, the tunnels of the National Redoubt are filled with Sarin while its fixed positions are showered with gas filled shells. Due to it being odorless, it takes Swiss forces several weeks before they discover what is going on. Hitler’s “delousing” of the Alps, coupled with dwindling supplies, causes the Swiss Army to gradually wither away. Nobly, they fight to the bitter end with several positions holding out well into 1945. Nonetheless, all 650,000 Swiss soldiers die. Coupled with 150,000 Swiss casualties in the opening weeks of the campaign, well over 20 % of the Swiss population has been wiped out costing Switzerland the bulk of its male, especially its young, population. Because of this, Operation Tannenbaum is considered one of the most destructive in human history.
Because of the drop in the male population, young Swiss women begin to socialize with the occupying forces. Within a generation, due to intermarriage between German men and Swiss women, the former republic of Switzerland comes to accept its place in the Reich.

Hitler's Final Years
The Reich Becomes a Nuclear Power
In late 1943, the first successful detonation of an atomic bomb was accomplished near Ohrdruf, Thuringia. Its destructive capability was proven greater than earlier expected at an estimated 10 kilotons of TNT. Detonation destroyed an area roughly stretching 160 meters in diameter with varying levels of destruction beyond that and shockwaves reaching as far as 60 miles from point of impact. All 700 prisoners located on site were vaporized by the weapon. The light of the blast was blindingly beyond description. The whole area was lit by a searing light with the intensity many times that of the midday sun. It was golden, purple, violet, gray, and blue. It lit the earth with a clarity and beauty that cannot be described but must be seen to be imagined. It was death in all her majesty.

Herr Doktor Diebner stood vindicated, his hypothesis that a small, transportable atomic bomb was possible proven. He has requested greater amounts of uranium and other raw materials, better facilities and equipment, as well as an increase in funding for his project. Hitler assented, determined to harness this great weapon that would render him a virtual god.

Hitler’s Amerikan Triumph
On 11 January 1944, two German bombers soared through the night sky over the Atlantic. One was headed for Manhattan, the other for Washington D.C.

As President Thomas Dewey gave his State of the Union Address, a nation seeking reassurance listened intently on their radios across the country. And then the broadcast ended abruptly in static. Across the Potomac, bystanders saw a pillar of fire bloom into the sky. The same sight was to be seen in New Jersey as individuals watched a great fire consume New York City and hundreds of thousands of lives.

In the space of a few minutes, the three branches of the American government, its top military leaders, and its economic heart had all been destroyed. Chaos quickly followed.

In a later speech, Hitler would state American aggression against Germany’s allies, Japan in particular, and subversive attempts to undermine German hegemony in occupied areas, were the reason for Germany’s attack. Hitler stated that if his demands for American demobilization, restrictions on its military, reparations for the Great War, and the right for German inspectors to be allowed in country were not met within 48 hours, he would atomize a city a day thereafter until America surrendered.

To the surprise of his staff, newly sworn in President Dulles ordered that a line of communication for peace talks be opened. America had seen enough death.

There have been numerous debates on the exact reason for Dulles’ refusal to continue the war. One point was that with the federal government wiped out, the economy in a shambles, and its top military leaders dead, the US was not capable of defending itself while also trying to re-establish order within its borders. This coupled with the threat of invasion from both coasts only heightened fears.

A second point made is that Dulles felt overwhelming guilt for having caused the war in the first place. It was his style of diplomacy which forced Japan into an aggressive posture and then drew Hitler’s attention. Dulles’ game of brinksmanship had killed his friend, Dewey, and nearly destroyed the country. This, coupled with the nadir of American morale, was known to have affected the president deeply. Ever the religious man, he had to repent this sin of pride despite what it would do to him. He would become the martyr to save America’s future. He had nearly destroyed his country. It was time to sacrifice himself that no one else need die in a war they could not win.

A third point, and the most controversial, is that Dulles had a pro-German attitude which is supported by his past. His attempts to lessen Allied punishments under the Treaty of Versailles, his dealings with Hitler and various German functionaries shortly after the Nazi rise to power, and even donations made to German politicians and businessmen raise questions as to the relationship Dulles had with Hitler and the Nazis; especially after the war when he renewed business contacts with Germany.

In February 1944, Dulles agreed to an armistice with Germany. Shortly thereafter, a peace treaty was signed between the Third Reich and the United States whose main points recognized the following:
The American military was to be limited to a 100,000 man standing army, light tanks were the only armor allowed in the American forces, a navy set at the limits of the 1922 Washington Naval Treaty, and their air force was not to employ bombers 
Reparations were to be paid to Germany 
German inspectors were to be allowed into American territory to ensure that the treaty was being followed 
The United States was to drop all trade barriers with Germany 
The United States was forbidden from developing atomic weapons 

Dulles did his best to reorganize the United States until 1945, having refused to run in the 1944 election. He would retire from politics branded a traitor.

1945
By 1945, Hitler was the undisputed master of Europe. It was finally time to consolidate his gains.

On 20 April 1945, the Fuhrer’s 56th birthday, Holland, Belgium, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Bohemia-Moravia, the General Government, and parts of Slovenia, France, and Switzerland were officially annexed to the Reich. The monarchies of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Holland, and Belgium were dissolved and each state was dismantled into numerous districts in order to eradicate any nationalist feeling among these new citizens of the Reich. Luxembourg and Liechtenstein, two prior expansionist goals, had been annexed earlier. Population displacement was the norm in the organized chaos that followed. Walloons were ejected in their entirety into France, forced to leave behind their wealth and property which had been seized by the German government. The mortality rate in Russia continued to rise with the forcible eviction of millions east beyond the Urals, an undertaking even beyond Germany’s efficient planning and which eventually devolved into virtual death marches. This would also apply to the Poles and other people ejected from the Reich‘s annexations. The entire Dutch nation was also subjected to the opening stages of displacement that would see them herded east to Poland and settled along the Bug and Vistula rivers, all Dutch real estate and capital goods forfeited to the Reich and distributed among deserving SS men. Greece continued to suffer under the artificial famine created to feed both the German and Italian populations. India and German Afrika continued to see a startling drop in their populations brought on by German occupation. As for the Final Solution, Heydrich informed the Fuhrer that it would require roughly another two to five years to finish. Secretly to his intimate circle, Hitler made it known that he would only tolerate the multiple languages of Europe for a decade before forcing German upon the continent as a universal language. 

Despite Himmler’s repeated queries regarding the creation of two SS states, Burgundy and Gotengau, Hitler would not concede to the creation of such independent states under Himmler’s control, Bormann constantly warning the Fuhrer of Himmler’s growing power. The most Hitler would agree to was the establishment of Gotengau as a gau within the Reich. 

Economic dominance was easily achieved over the continent. While German forces were stationed in France, they forced French banks to call in all outstanding loans forcing the foreclosure of a vast percentage of businesses which were then bought up by their German counterparts at a fraction of the cost. Further German pressure would serve to cripple even the strongest French firms leading to their eventual acquisition.

The United Kingdom gradually suffered the same fate. Reparations payments to Germany, along with the debt accrued fighting two wars with Hitler and his allies, the loss of lucrative colonies, and the difficulty of financially supporting their empire politically and militarily, all served to cripple the British economy. This, coupled with cheap German goods flooding their markets served to put many English enterprises out of commission.
 
Croatia itself was a German puppet in more ways than one, its economy under a German monopoly. Spain, largely bankrupt and still not fully recovered from the Civil War, became overly reliant on Germany for her goods. Finally, a customs union was established between Germany, Italy, Spain, France, the United Kingdom, Finland, Rumania, Croatia, Hungary, Bulgaria, Serbia, and Turkey. 

As for the domestic economy, slave labor served to boost industrial capacity as well as aid the agricultural sector. Gelded males from the former Poland, Russia, and numerous other conquered states became the property of their new masters. Even more beneficial to the Reich’s agricultural sector was a land rush initiated in the east as free land was offered to Germans with the promise of servants to work it and subsidies to help establish their homesteads.

With reparations payments coming in from France and Britain, and German goods making marked penetration into numerous markets due to their low cost brought on by slave labor, these factors would help to boost the German economy. Industrial output was further aided by Reichs Minister Albert Speer who helped to streamline production and increase efficiency.

Major changes were accepted and implemented in the German military including the introduction of jet fighters, rockets, wire guided missiles, a carrier based navy, assault rifles, and more forging the German military into the pre-eminent power on Earth. 

War with the Church 
“Take over the churches from within, using party sympathizers. Discredit, jail or kill Christian leaders. And re-indoctrinate the congregants. Give them a new faith – in Germany’s Third Reich.” This was the plan Hitler had initiated in order to break Christianity’s hold on the German Reich. 

For over a decade, Hitler had been able to draw greater and greater concessions from all Christian sects within the Reich’s borders and eventually included: Nazi Censorship of Sermons, the Nazi Flag on the altar, and the removal of the Old Testament from doctrine and the Bible. With total victory in Europe, Hitler’s demands grew greater twisting and transmogrifying the faith to fit his ends. First, and most importantly, was a new law forcing all congregations to come under the authority of Reich Church leader Ludwig Muller. Those who refused were arrested and sent to camps.

With the churches firmly in the Nazi grip, Hitler set about “reforming” it. Jesus was Germanized, no longer a figure suffering for the weak, the downtrodden, and the suffering but a figure of racial purity attempting to unify a singular people for their destiny of worldwide domination. Paganism would gradually seep into dogma, saints became demigods, and Hitler found himself embraced in this new creed that hailed strength, cruelty, and martial power.

Education
Of all facets within German society, education had largely been left untouched. Though Hitler loathed most intellectuals, he understood the need for them. Thus only minor, though important changes were wrought on the Reich’s educational system. First and foremost, all Jewish and non-compliant teachers, roughly 15% of all teachers and professors, were removed. Next, religious instruction was removed. Subjects such as math, history, and science saw mild changes to subtly support Nazi goals such as mathematics lessons that phrased lessons in ways that supported sterilization and euthanasia, historical lessons that extolled on the greatness of Germany, and biology instruction that stressed the need to remove the defective from the gene pool.

The Hitler Jugend gathered all young boys from 10-18 together into a tightly knit organization that focused on martial prowess and camaraderie, but not at the expense of education. Hitler ordered that the Hitler Jugend could only meet after school hours and that a certain level of academic prowess be upheld. Soldiers were worthless if they were muscle without cunning. Hitler wanted crafty fighters, not fodder for his armies.

The Rising Birthrate
Hitler’s investment in various methods to encourage large families was reaping huge dividends by 1945.

First and foremost, Hitler had all working mothers forcibly removed from employment. Then he enacted various laws limiting what jobs single women could be employed in. A campaign celebrating motherhood was enacted, with all Germans told to honor mothers for the gift they gave the nation.

Free loans were offered to newly married German couples of 1000 Reichmarks to help them start out. For every child produced, a quarter of this loan would be forgiven coupled with a one-time payment of 100 Reichmarks per child combined with a monthly allowance of 10 reichmarks for every third and fourth child, and 20 reichmarks for each additional child.

These methods led to an impressive increase as the birthrate went from 14.7 per thousand people in 1933 to 23 .4 per thousand in 1945.

Of course, certain traditional opinions faded away as Germany became obsessed with breeding. The taboos of premarital sex and illegitimate birth were stripped of the social stigma once associated with them. Himmler, flush with wealth from numerous SS companies and investments, opened the Lebensborn program to financially support single mothers as well as to place bastard children in Aryan families.

The State of the Reich’s Allies
Hitler’s allies have encountered problems of their own. Italy struggles to hold onto Egypt and the African Horn as natives fight fanatically for their freedom. Mussolini, frustrated at his empire gradually slipping through his fingers, initiates genocidal policies that sees the deaths of millions. Numerous nations across the Middle East declare a jihad against Italian actions in Egypt leading to a draining war that Il Duce refuses to give up. The Greek population, because of Italy’s need for her crops, has dropped dramatically as they starve. Though there are uprisings, Italy’s German allies put them down brutally to protect Reich naval bases in the region. Many Greeks decide to side with the Italians and join the Italian military in order to escape the hell of their native land.

The French have, themselves, likewise become brutal in their colonial holdings, Algeria and Syria in particular. Forceful assimilation or extermination becomes the norm.

Croatia, in order to craft a “pure” state, have enacted a bloody campaign of their own murdering Serbs by the thousands while forcibly converting the population to Catholicism. Italy, realizing that no further territorial gains are to be made in the Balkans, and needing troops in Africa, have removed their occupying forces granting Croatia greater autonomy, though German forces are still within their borders.

The puppet state of Serbia has seen a great deal of bloodshed. A failed guerilla campaign witnessed the execution of communist leader Tito. With Germans making up roughly one-seventh of Serbia’s population (500,000 Germans to 3,000,000 Serbs), a gradual system of depopulation was initiated in order to give Germany a tighter hold on the region. This included kidnapping Serbian children viewed as Aryan as well as the segregating of Serb citizens deemed worthy of Reich citizenship from those viewed as untermenschen. In but two years of occupation, over 100,000 Serbs have been executed.
Further to the east, the Japanese Empire was still embroiled in a bloody war with China. Guerillas continually hounded Japanese troops in the countryside despite Japan’s victory over the Nationalists in 1944. Covert arms shipments from America continue to slip through into partisan hands. Meanwhile, the Japanese, in frustration, initiate the “Three Alls” policy. The brutal strategy involved burning down villages, confiscating grain and mobilizing peasants to construct collective hamlets. It also centered on the digging of vast trench lines and the building of thousands of miles of containment walls and moats, watchtowers and roads. These operations targeted for destruction “enemies pretending to be local people” and “all males between the ages of fifteen and sixty whom we suspect to be enemies.” The death toll from 1942 – 1944 was 2.7 million as the Japanese struggled to defeat the Nationalists. 1945 sees that number double to 5 million Chinese citizens as, without an organized enemy, the Imperial Army is able to focus exclusively on the populace. By early 1945, the Japanese have caused over $383 billion dollars of damage to China, 50 times their own GNP, and have created 95 million refugees, one quarter of all Chinese citizens.

Hitler’s Final Years
In the last five years of Hitler’s tenure as leader of Germany, the Fuhrer’s increased activity and intervention in domestic affairs surprised Party members. A great deal of Hitler’s old comrades were shocked to find themselves removed from power whether by decree or liquidation, with many stating that a Second Night of the Long Knives had been instituted. Hitler was later to have stated, “It is time for new, untainted blood.”

One surprising change made by Hitler was the decentralization of the economy. Some claim this was due to Hitler’s increasing annoyance with Party members and their corruption, spoiled their standing in his eyes. Having read Ludwig Erhard’s War Finances and Debt Consolidation, Hitler called Erhard in for a meeting detailing the reorganization of the German economy. Impressed by Erhard’s comments, Hitler stripped Goering and others of their economic authority centralizing it under Erhard’s Ministry of Economics. Erhard would immediately dismantle the Byzantine bureaucracy that had been erected, abolishing the price-fixing and production controls that had been enacted by the Nazi administration. A proponent of Neoliberalism, Erhard’s authority grew allowing for a vast privatization of the economy, most notably of corporations and combines from the SS, though some SS and Party members, enriched during the previous Nazi years, bought up substantial holdings. Slave labor, however, would remain under SS control, though slave labor found itself used more for shoring up labor shortages in order to create jobs for returning soldiers. To prevent the economy becoming too consolidated in a few hands, Erhard passed anti-cartel legislation that broke up the largest corporations that threatened to create monopolies. Also, tax rates were lowered in order to spur growth. Another battle, only partially successful, was the minimization of welfare legislation. It was a loss softened by Erhard’s success in achieving a change in policy from autarky to gradual integration of the European economy under German hegemony. Hitler agreed with this change when Erhard explained that to unify the European economy would stave off future wars thus preserving Germany’s holdings.

Every Nazi organization and office came under the scrutiny of Erhard who was tasked to ferret out corruption and decrease government expenditures. This served to grant Erhard a great deal of power which he, rather than use to enrich himself, he used to purge some of the worst excesses from Nazi authority. Goering came into direct opposition to many of the changes being wrought. The matter finally was decided by Hitler. Upset by the excessive extravagances Goering enjoyed, the power mongering of his old friend, and the increasing problems wrought by the Reichsmarschal’s drug abuse, Hitler had Goering “retired,” Goering stripped of all offices but allowed to keep a ceremonial standing in the Party. Kesselring would replace Goering as the new leader of the Luftwaffe and a new law was passed limiting an individual to one political office.

One major change enacted by Erhard was in the German Labor Front. Upset by Robert Ley’s running of the organization and its bloated bureaucracy, Ley was arrested, his finances and properties seized, and the organization reformed.

The new office of Wehrbeauftragter was created to investigate citizens’ complaints regarding governmental maladministration. This officer was granted wide-ranging oversight and investigative powers with access to all government facilities, documents and information systems and can order a police investigation if necessary. If they determined that an official(s) has not acted in accordance with the law, the officer can advise on the proper application of the law, reprimand the official or order the criminal prosecution of the official. Partly because of their prosecutorial powers, the officer enjoys considerable respect and her or his legal opinions are usually strictly followed. Their legal interpretations carry a lot of weight in the absence of a court precedent.

Hitler’s interest in technology saw orders to scour occupied territories for patents and tech to help in the advance of German science. A major coup was discovered at Bell Labs in Murray Hill, New Jersey where the research of Clarence Hickman was uncovered revealing the suppressed invention of magnetic recording tape. This patent alone would lead to vast advances in mass storage putting Germany at the forefront of computer technology over the decades.

Not every field would see changes in Nazi policy. In religion, Hitler would not relent as the Reich continued to strip away great amounts of Christian dogma to craft a secular state religion. Cinema, likewise, remained in Goebbels’ hands.

In order to help boost the economy and lower the governmental budget, Hitler allowed for a demobilization of Reich forces, selling obsolete weapons and vehicles to other countries. The German military would still be sizable due to the need for occupation forces throughout the vast tracts of German territory. The military further saw reorganization as the Waffen SS and paratroopers were absorbed into the Wermacht, the Luftwaffe saw itself greatly downsized removing virtually all ground forces from its command, and the Kriegsmarine was granted control over naval aviation. Investment in nuclear weapons continued in order to ensure German supremacy in this field.

The Sturmabteilung found itself dissolved as an unnecessary organization, its members aided in finding employment in the vast amount of manufacturing jobs created by Germany’s expanding economy as well as many others accepting land in the eastern territories as well as others emigrating to new Reich territories in Africa. Many called the dissolution the end of an era in Nazi politics.

Due to the stripping away of a great deal of SS support, it wasn’t surprising when Himmler was purged. Seen by Hitler as a growing and irrational power that had to be curbed, Himmler found replaced by Heydrich.

Martin Bormann, Hitler’s personal secretary, proved a valuable ally in the reorganization of the state’s bureaucracy placing central authority as paramount, though still allowing a fair amount of local autonomy to the numerous gau if it did not interfere with the national agenda. Many competing agencies found themselves merged allowing for an increase in efficiency and a decrease of intra-governmental conflict. Through Bormann, Hitler tightened his grip on the gauleiters, bringing to heel through action and Fuhrer orders the drift of central authority that Hitler had allowed to occur over the years.

The Reichstag saw a partial restoration of its powers with Hitler declaring that after his retirement in 1950, the 1933 Enabling Act would be rescinded, though gauleiters remained appointed. This was accompanied by the gradual return of local elections. Hitler’s interest in the political realm would also see his drafting of a new civil service decree that withdrew the requirement of Party membership while enforcing a certain standard to become a civil servant.

In foreign affairs, Hitler did his best to tighten Germany’s power abroad both directly and indirectly. In the Middle East, Hitler sent advisors and sold modern military equipment to Iraq aiding Prime Minister Rashid Ali al-Gaylani in his drive to create a Pan-Arab state. With Iraq’s growing power, German pressure, and the weakening British Empire, Iraq was able to unite the Hashemite crowns of Iraq and Jordan before its drive that saw the fall of the peninsula and the formation of a single state. In Palestine, the Jews found themselves subject to grave pogroms disappearing from the new state within a decade. One of the indirect effects of the creation of this new state was the persecution and eradication of Wahhabism. Deemed heretical, and without Saudi protection, the sect vanished in the ensuing years. The discovery of oil wealth would lead to an incredible growth in wealth in the region.

Free Trade pacts were made with Argentina and Chile allowing Germany to gain an economic foothold in South America. This would also extend to South Africa where Germany signed a Free Trade pact and sold vast amounts of military hardware to the new republic.

Japan found itself in debt to Germany as its war in China dragged on. Germany made a hefty profit selling oil and other materiel to the Empire as it struggled to put down Chinese dissidents as well as to industrialize the region. China would prove an excellent testing ground for Germany’s numerous experimental weapons as well as for biological testing. The ongoing conflict would also help to further cement the alliance between both powers.

Portugal and Ireland would be cajoled to join the Economic Trade Union that Hitler was promulgating throughout the continent as he tightened his grip on the whole of Europe with the framework put in place to allow for a single currency by 1960.


Inge Hitler

Some have posited that these relaxations in central authority were due in part to Hitler’s preparation to retire leaving a stable state, his disgust with his Party comrades corruption, his belief that the state had achieved enough cohesion and the Party enough success that strict authority was no longer needed, and the soothing presence of Hitler’s wife, Inge.

Strikingly beautiful, the blonde-haired, blue-eyed Inge was a former ballet dancer and singer whose regal bearing and noble stature served Hitler well in dealing with foreign dignitaries. Hitler himself was said to be wholly smitten by her saying that to be in her presence, “was akin to Heaven. How could any man know suffering with her beside them?” A popular hostess at the Berghoff, she was further beloved by the German volk due to her charities aiding the poor and her meeting with and caring for wounded soldiers. It was said that, upon seeing Inge for the first time, Adolf Hitler pursued her ardently drawn by both her artistic abilities and physical presence.

When asked about her husband, Inge was known to say, “He is very serious and responsible, always trying to carry the world on his shoulders and rarely letting others know that he needs help and support. If not for me, I fear what would have become of him. He needs me, and I him.” Inge helped to instill a light-heartedness in her husband, allowing him to enjoy himself.

It was said that when Hitler was in his darkest moods and suffered great trepidation in his choices, Inge could give him calm and restore his confidence with the simplest words. Inge was able to make Hitler consider secondary choices to decisions and to encourage his interaction with the populace. She was known to even follow Hitler to the front despite his ardent demands to the contrary, so committed was Inge to her Fuhrer.

Inge was worshipped by German society, making constant forays out to the most exclusive restaurants and meeting with the upper classes of businessmen, industrialists, artists, and organizations bringing Hitler into a world that had hitherto refused his admittance. She legitimized him. Quiet amongst such company, Inge spoke in Hitler’s stead helping to ingratiate him with the upper crust.

Together, Inge and Hitler would have a family of three children: Wolfgang, Siegfried, and Klara. It was for them, above all else, that Hitler would reiterate his desire to leave behind a Germany of possibility.


Hitler’s Farewell Address

In early 1950, upon the glittering Muritzsee, Hitler invited the world to come together at Welthauptstadt Germania for a World’s Fair and present the accumulated wonders and advances of humanity. It was a call answered by all the nations of the globe.

Not surprisingly, many were entranced by the new capital as well as by the scientific breakthroughs accomplished by Germany whether it be by the new worlds unlocked by the electron microscope, the classic songs and speeches captured and played by the magnetic recording device, or rockets meant to eventually send men into the heavens.

It was here, in this place of wonders, in the shadow of the Great Hall, that Hitler made his final appearance as Fuhrer. On April 20, 1950, Hitler gave a farewell address. Nearly two decades ago, Hitler had forged a covenant with the people of the Reich, a solemn promise to save them from the perils that threatened them. He had accomplished what he had set out to do. He had saved Germany and restored her to her chosen place against the hordes that had endangered her. His work was done. It was time for him to leave them. Hitler waived off protests by the crowd with a trembling hand and urged for silence. “It is time for you to let me go and to look no more to the past but to the future.” He would resign his position that day. The office of Fuhrer would be divided once more between Reich President and Chancellor. Reinhard Heydrich, due to his proven skills as an administrator, was to be installed as President whereas Reich Economic Minister Erhard would be granted the role of Chancellor.

“So many years how I granted you of my life. So much blood have I spilt. I regret none of this. I only regret that I could do no more.”

Many in the audience wept realizing this to be an end of a mystical era. Others cried at seeing their Fuhrer for the first time in years. His aged form and faltering speech gave evidence to how strongly he suffered under the command of his nation and many understood the sacrifices this man had made for their beloved Reich. His soul was the price for Germany’s resurrection.

Among those who watched this final moment close at hand were Hitler’s longtime friend Sepp Dietrich, Reich Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels, and nephew Heinz, now an Oberstleutnant in the Wermacht. Not even their steel hearts and iron will could stop the tears that filled their eyes.

His speech completed, Hitler withdrew from the world stage and returned to his hometown of Linz where he would pass away years later.

A mystery in life as well as death, Hitler entered the pantheon of figures upon whom the hinge of time turned. His name would be remembered eternal, both in awe and fear as well as a symbol of what one man’s indomitable will could accomplish.
###
About the author:
Matthew Moses is a graduate of Indiana University with several degrees in political theory, history, and psychology. He has been published both academically and professionally. The author of two novels, Anti-Christ: A Satirical End of Days and Proxies of Fate, as well as numerous online works, he is currently working on his third novel, a dark, nihilistic epic dealing with "the beneath, below, behind." Having spent the last several years between the US, Europe, and Africa, he has a wealth of experiences and dreams from which to draw upon for his future works.
