Melody and the Pier to Forever
Shawn Michel de Montaigne
Copyright 2011, 2014 by Shawn Michel de Montaigne
Smashwords Edition
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
This e-book may not be resold or given away to other people.
If you would like to share this e-book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for him or her.
If you are reading this e-book and you did not purchase it,
or it was not purchased for your use only,
please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy.
Thank you for supporting me and for respecting my hard work.
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.
Thank you for supporting me and for respecting my hard work.
~~*~~
The manuscript to
Melody and the Pier to Forever
has been time-stamped.
All Rights Reserved.
All characters in this novel are entirely fictional.
Any resemblance to real-life individuals is purely coincidental.
All illustrations and photography
are by Shawn Michel de Montaigne or Kyla Cardinalis,
and are copyrighted (2004—2014) to both.
Cover designed by Shawn Michel de Montaigne.



http://www.ThePiertoForever.webs.com



Other Works by Shawn Michel de Montaigne
Young Adult and Epic Fantasy
Sole Survivor: The Story of Kaza of Theseus
Melody and the Pier to Forever: Book Two
Memoirs
Reflections of Connie: Memories of a Sundered Love
Women’s Contemporary Fantasy
The Candle
Free-Verse Poetry
For It All
The Shadow or the Leaf
Horror
Slum
~~*~~



Dedicated to Mom, who always loved my stories.



Melody and the Pier to Forever



CONTENTS
Part I: The Proof
Prologue i
Seeing Things
Twenty-two Years
Maggie Singleton
Dinner On the Pier
Mysteries
Part II: The Young Master
Twin Angels
A New, Forgotten Life
Painting With Sound
Adele D. Hoffman
Beer Coaster
Fiddling With Eternity
A Different Reality
Part III: Aecxis
Prologue iii
Exponential Growth
Suspicion of Danger
Red and Black
The Prayer of Ammalinaeus
Emptying Into the Sea
Recognition
Infinitely Larger Than Infinitely Large
Part IV: Transcendental Reality
Suspension of Belief
Ye Scurvy Dog
The River to the Sankyan
Between Two Monoliths
The Eleysian Teardrop
We Are One
Part V: The Legend of the Red Talon
Prologue v
The Last King of Vanerrincourt
The Procession of Roses
The Temple Kentein Intersectum
Eleysius and His Mighty Talisman
Three More Charges and a Bedtime Story
Stars
The Lizard and the Snake
Rendan Mortalis
Faster Than Fear
Parade At King’s Perch
The Keeper and the Storm
Origin
Satelemark
Riparius
The Wheel and the Call
The Day of Fire and Ice
The Tangent
Part VI: Apparent Reality
Home
Tachyon
The Kathlin Rory Carrick Castle
Jim Snelly
Sea Angels
A Warm Touch
The Serig
Of Remembrances and Sacrifices
Epilogue i
Map
Appendix
Glossary



—Begin Transmission—



For me, there is only the traveling on paths that have heart, on any path that may have heart. There I travel, and the only worthwhile challenge is to traverse its full length, and there I travel, looking, looking breathlessly ...
--Carlos Castaneda



Part I
~the proof~



Prologue i
The greatness of a man’s power is the measure of his surrender.
--William Booth
The difference in men does not lie in the size of their hands, nor in the perfection of their bodies, but in this one sublime ability of concentration: to throw the weight with the blow, to live an eternity in an hour.
--Elbert Hubbard
On a quiet, cool January day in 1983, a hurricane roared suddenly to life off the extreme southern coast of California, slamming into the tiny seaside community of Imperial Beach less than an hour later. Weather forecasters never saw the freak storm coming: within mere minutes it had simply materialized over calm Pacific seas, as if by magic. There was no warning: by the time they realized what was happening, it was too late. The swirling tempest had blown ashore. Hundreds of people would lose their lives.
In its relentless fury, the hurricane completely destroyed the Imperial Beach Pier. Forty-foot-tall waves rushed in, pounding the mighty structure mercilessly until it shuddered and collapsed into the boiling, triumphant sea. Two men died on the doomed Pier; one yelled into his walkie-talkie in his final moments that a terrible shadow was moving towards him over the long walkway, a shadow that had materialized abruptly through the heavy veil of driving rain; a shadow like Death itself. Then he screamed: a high-pitched, spine-tingling shriek—and then … only the eerie crackling of radio static. His body, and the body of his coworker, was never found.
And then, as suddenly as it had formed, the hurricane dissipated, spinning apart into airy nothingness.
One night not long after the storm had passed, a small boat materialized as though from nowhere a mile out in the calm open water. The boat carried a man. He was large, with short black hair just starting to gray, intense green eyes, devilish eyebrows, and a strong chin covered in a neatly trimmed beard. He wore the garb of a different place and a separate time: the regal clothing of a ruler. He made his way confidently towards shore, rowing strongly, the ghostly silver orb of the moon lighting his way, the water beneath him black and insubstantial, as if he were rowing through timeless space. Pieces of the shattered Pier still floated way out here; he watched them ruefully as they drifted by. Some time later he caught the incoming surf, riding it expertly, the roaring foam under his hull pale and translucent, like liquid diamonds. Once he had pulled the skiff securely upon the soft wide band of beach sand, he gazed about himself; at the muted yellow lights from the homes lining the beach; up at the silver circle of the rising moon; and then back out over the water, where once stood a great Pier. At this last, he stared for a long time, his countenance drawn and severe.
When morning came, there was no sign of him or the boat.
Eight years passed.
It was now 1991. San Diego’s Port Authority had rebuilt the Imperial Beach Pier; and it was on this day, the fourteenth of March, that they had chosen to christen it. And as the champagne flowed and the dignitaries shook hands and the cameras flashed along its fifteen hundred foot length, just a few blocks away, within the darkened bedroom of a small pink home nestled peacefully under the sleepy shade of ocean pine and sycamore, a couple lay in bed. They had just made love. They were lying close together, holding each other, trying to catch their breath. Their eyes, unfocused and soft, were not upon each other, but upturned towards the ceiling. They were listening intently; listening to the most beautiful music they had ever heard. Music without sound or source, but played within the being of each, having come to them at the same surprising moment, at the same time: as though the impassioned act that for a brief moment had merged their souls had been the catalyst by which the melody could come to life and realize itself.
And so, when a small, pink bundle of joy arrived nine months later, the happy couple had already decided what they were going to name her: Melody.
Melody was a quiet girl from the start, with large, dark eyes like the shade under that ocean pine and sycamore; pretty eyes that belied a piercing yet humble intelligence; eyes that reflected the flaming western skies perfectly as her mother held her while sitting on the beach near the newly rebuilt Pier, watching the brilliant, squashed orange orb of the sun set over the blue Pacific Ocean.
When Melody was two she began humming a song. They were just fragments, pieces really, but enough to leave her mother in stunned silence; for put together they became the very song “heard” that quiet March day nearly three years ago.  Melody’s mom would often ask her: What song are you humming, Bug? But her little girl would only smile and reply: I don’t know, Momma. Her mother would ask: Did you hear it on the radio? The television? But Melody was sure she hadn’t heard it any of those places. And despite several lengthy and exhaustive searches, Melody’s mother could never identify the song or its composer. She eventually gave up her search, content to feel the sense of the miraculous every time she heard her daughter humming it.
When Melody was five she began taking a strong interest in her mother’s college Algebra textbook, staring at the cryptic symbols for hours at a time, asking her mom what they meant and how could they be one thing and yet reveal another? To stoke her curiosity, Melody’s mother bought her books as soon as she could read: books on simple mathematics that Melody would devour in mere days. Melody’s mom loved to watch her daughter as she struggled over this math problem or that: not so much because Melody was learning mathematics, but because she’d absentmindedly hum that very precious song while doing so.
Melody’s quiet demeanor and keen intelligence, as well as her fierce stubborn streak, left her very lonely as she grew up. She was often teased cruelly at school, where her classmates called her “nerd” and laughed derisively at her behind her back as she passed by. She was always alone on the playground during recess, always found to be walking quietly around, her hands in her pockets, simply observing the other kids as they played.
One sleepy late afternoon Melody, aged twelve, took a lonesome walk to the end of the Pier, which she did often. She was even unhappier on this particular trek, however, because she had just had an argument with her mother—the one person she felt who even bothered to acknowledge her existence. But as Melody stood there, leaning against the wooden guardrail at Pier’s end, watching the sun set, she found herself unable to stew over her troubles, because at that very moment she could hear a violin playing: a violin that seemed to call to her very soul, as if it knew everything about her and shared in her unending private anguish—and yet one that challenged her to lift her chin and face her days with joy and strength. It was music that brought ready tears to her eyes, eyes that Melody closed tightly to the monotonous reality around her, wishing upon wish that the violin could take the place of her five senses, for its hopeful reality was far and away more pleasant than hers. But then the music stopped, and after holding her eyes shut for a few more moments, Melody sighed heavily and reluctantly blinked them open, her cheeks streaked and red.
To her right, just feet away, a pretty Japanese girl sat in a wheelchair, a violin case in the chair’s back pouch. She was gazing rapturously about herself, as if seeing the world for the first time.
And that is how Melody Singleton met Yaeko Mitsaki, her best friend; and how Melody’s—and Yaeko’s—loneliness thus ended once and for all. It would prove a powerful friendship, so much so that it would eventually inspire a dispossessed kingdom to go to war against a fearsome and evil oppressor, a dark sorcerer of untold power who twenty years earlier had conjured a hurricane out of thin air to destroy that kingdom—and its king.
In the meantime, Melody hasn’t noticed that a new mathematics teacher is working at her middle school: a large man, with graying hair, intense green eyes, devilish eyebrows, and a close-cropped beard over a strong chin.
A man who has been searching for Melody for over twenty years.
And now, a new, devastating hurricane is brewing, one far more powerful than the wicked tempest that destroyed the Imperial Beach Pier and took hundreds of lives so long ago. This storm, however, is not gathering over the waves of a vast blue ocean, but behind the inquisitive brown eyes of Melody Singleton herself. For a strange, magical new symbol keeps appearing when Melody opens her Algebra textbook, one beautifully compelling and entrancing; a mysterious symbol that wields enormous power to she who can see and understand it; a symbol with equal abilities to mend and heal—or divide and destroy.
Melody is staring at that very symbol right now, unaware of its latent potential or its lurking dangers; she’s staring and humming softly to herself, endeavoring to make it do her bidding….



Chapter 1
Seeing Things
Melody concentrated.
She was bent over her mathematics textbook, lost in effort, humming very softly to herself. Her dark brown eyes would occasionally squint, her brow creasing, as she focused on the Algebra problem. Problem thirty-nine on page four hundred five. She had long since forgotten the page or the problem number: this particular problem she had focused on for three weeks straight now. The page the problem was on had been since partially torn and dog-eared, to go with the brown half-moon sliver of a soda can stain on it. All Melody’s doing.
The rest of the class was working on problem fourteen, on page one thirty-three. Melody didn’t hear when the teacher, Mrs. Lilywhite, called her name.
She stared at the math problem. It was a normal problem, an expression containing x’s and y’s and z’s, coupled with several integers, two of which were negative; it was a normal mathematics problem save for one symbol, one that, prior to several weeks ago, Melody had never seen before and struggled to believe actually existed, a symbol that was intensely sharp and radiant when first apprehended, startling her such, but one that would then quickly fade in and out of focus, as if seen through a liquid curtain of burning tears. But right now, as she gawked at it, the symbol was piercingly clear. A symbol like a question mark, but without the period—and with an odd, pleasantly compelling curly-Q at its top. The first time Melody saw the symbol she feared she was going crazy, was seeing things that just weren’t there. 
In a mild panic, she had drawn the symbol (as best she could) as it appeared to her and had shown it to her best friend Yaeko Mitsaki. But Yaeko had never seen anything like it. Still not sure she wasn’t going insane, Melody faked symptoms of illness so her mother would take her to the doctor, who promptly pronounced her in the prime of health. Then it was the eye doctor, who later bragged to her mother that Melody actually had slightly better than 20:20 vision. Melody didn’t have the courage to fake outright lunacy in order to get her mother to schedule a visit to the psychiatrist. But it no longer seemed necessary: the only time she saw this symbol was here, in this Algebra textbook, and with this problem. And even then it took massive amounts of concentration….
As she focused the alien symbol began moving, changing shape, changing color even … even seemingly growing out of the page as a three-dimensional character, appearing wooden, then metallic, then clear and green as an emerald, an object created by some magical woodworker or jeweler, from a remote, faraway time and place. She smiled absentmindedly even as she tried to grasp the symbol with her mind, to try to make it do her bidding—
A large, beefy hand slammed down on her desk. “Miss Singleton!”
Melody’s head snapped up. Mrs. Lilywhite loomed over her, her round fat face tight and red, an angry tomato threatening to burst. “When I ask you a question, young lady, you had better respond!”
Several of her classmates giggled nervously. Several others started whispering. Melody thought she could hear “freak” and “weirdo” and “dork” among the silenced hissing. Her heart pounded with fear. This wasn’t the first time she had been caught like this, focusing on another problem, oblivious to the class—or the lesson. Mrs. Lilywhite leaned back, bringing her hands to her enormous cup-holder hips. “The answer, Miss Singleton?” Her self-righteous glare, coupled with the very slightest of sneers, told Melody that Mrs. Lilywhite already knew that asking the question was unnecessary.
She heard from a corner of the classroom: “It isn’t Melody Singleton, but Melody Simpleton.” Mrs. Lilywhite did nothing to quiet the harassers or the laughter that followed.
Melody swallowed hard, looking down and away from that oppressive glare, her face flushing with embarrassment. In a voice half whisper, half plea, she said, “I … Which problem are we working on?”
The classroom erupted with much louder laughter. A fat boy, Tommy Heffledorf, who sat directly in front of her, slapped his hand on his desk. “Put her in special ed!” he roared.
“I think she already is!” another shot back.
A third remarked, “She’s too stupid to be here, Mrs. Lilywhite. Can’t you just move her to another classroom?”
Mrs. Lilywhite shook her head with professional disdain, her eyes fixed downward on the girl before her, pinning her like a butterfly to corkboard. Finally, after another minute of hostile noise, the volume of which was climbing by the second, she raised a hand and quieted her students, most of whom were eagerly awaiting the punishment coming for this shy, introspective middle school girl who wouldn’t pay attention. Mrs. Lilywhite eyed Melody down a wide, bulbous nose, on which a pair of old black cat glasses sat halfway, giving her a sharp, studied appearance, despite her considerable wide heft.
Melody softly closed her book. She knew what was coming: she had been warned a week ago—no, wait: three days ago—that if she was caught “napping” again in this advanced mathematics classroom she’d be moved to a lesser one. She had no doubt the boom was about to be lowered. Her face burned. She felt not an inch tall, but miles long, as if her body had been stretched painfully, unmercifully for all to see and laugh at. Her hands felt too large, her forehead too broad; her clothes clung to her, suddenly threadbare and too tight and woefully out of style.
Mrs. Lilywhite held her teacherly pose for two seconds longer than Melody thought she could bear. Melody stared down at her desk, waiting. Finally she heard: “This is a GATE class, young lady: Gifted and Talented Education. There is no time to wait for you to get your act together! Gather your belongings and come with me, please.”
Melody stood clumsily, jamming her Algebra text into her backpack, which was already stuffed full. She didn’t wait to zip it shut, but hurried after Mrs. Lilywhite, who was already walking out the classroom door. Melody’s legs wobbled. She wanted desperately to disappear, to simply vanish. As she passed the front row, someone reached out and yanked hard on the open flap of the backpack. Her books spilled out, one after the other, falling loudly on the nearest desk, falling open on the floor. Her pencils and pens tumbled out as well. The closest students kicked them away from her as she went to grab them. The pages of several texts had been crushed; one page had torn down the middle.
“Melody Singleton, right this instant!”
The kids laughed louder. Melody came up—and bumped her head hard against the corner of the desk she was under while groping for her mathematics text—the most important one of all to her. More raucous laughing. She heard: “Loser!” “Look at her—she’s an idiot!” “Du-u-h!” “Buh-bye, freakazoid!” She stood, her head throbbing in pain, fighting back the tears. She hadn’t grabbed all her books, or even most of them, but she had a death grip on her math text, and that was enough for her. She hurried out the door to an impatiently waiting Mrs. Lilywhite. A wad of white notebook paper flew in a wide arc over her shoulder, bouncing ahead of teacher and student alike. Mrs. Lilywhite looked sternly back into the classroom. “The rest of you will do problems thirteen through thirty-seven, odds, on page one thirty-three. I will collect the work when I return to the room! Now get to work!”
The classroom groaned in frustration. Mrs. Lilywhite grabbed Melody’s arm. “Off to the principal. Let’s go—now.”
The wide hallway they walked down was empty, and very quiet, save the classrooms they passed. The doors to those classrooms were closed, but still the muffled sounds of children talking or teachers lecturing would filter out to greet them. Mrs. Lilywhite grunted in disapproval any time she heard children talking or laughing behind the doors of a classroom. It was an involuntary grunt, one that she was completely unaware of. She walked with a limp, the result of hip replacement surgery the year before, and Melody, now in the middle of a months-long growing spurt that had seen her add four inches to her lanky frame in a single year, had to shorten her stride to keep from walking ahead of her. Mrs. Lilywhite's limp made her look like a very well-fed zombie from Dawn of the Dead as she hobbled up and down the tomb-like depths of the school’s hallways, her pasty white features and perpetual frown only complementing the effect. She released Melody’s arm, and now, between disapproving grunts, lectured her:
-grunt- “I’m sorry, my dear, this is the only way. I suspected all along you weren’t cut out for this class; I tried talking reason into Mr. Jefferson, I truly did, but he just wouldn’t back down. Thought you were the brightest thing since sunrise. Now I’m forced to have a word with him as well….”
-grunt- “It’s Sally Armitage’s Pre-Algebra for you, that’s where you’re headed next. I’ve done all I can …”
-grunt- “You are not allowed to daydream in GATE, young lady, though I suppose this is a moot point now. Yes, this will reflect poorly on you, Miss Singleton. Very poorly. Your mother will no doubt be quite disappointed….”
-grunt- “I know the kids can be harsh with you. But it’s for your own good. The real world is harsh. Get used to it. The sooner you realize that the sooner you’ll be able to succeed in it. In the meantime I am going to have the school counselor evaluate you for learning disorders. It’s way past time, in my professional opinion….”
-grunt- “... Lord, lord, lord …”
Mrs. Lilywhite stopped lumbering and lurching. She grunted again. Then again. Both grunts were much more authoritative than the others.
She was glaring into an oddity: a classroom whose door was wide open. The children inside were in groups and working on some project that involved large sheets of variously colored construction paper, cutting an assortment of shapes out of them, which were then pasted on large white pieces of cardboard for more work and eventual display. Other kids colored the shapes or drew interesting designs on them. The students laughed and talked as they worked; they laughed and talked freely, without fear of reprisal or humiliation. They weren’t unruly, but neither were they being perfect little angels. Every now and then Melody heard a deep, gentle male voice direct his charges back to work; a voice with an accent, though Melody didn’t know the accent’s culture of origin. English, perhaps? The noise level would drop temporarily before rising slowly once again. And—was that classical music she could barely hear? To Melody, the workings inside the classroom looked like heaven on Earth—what she always imagined school to be like. It even looked bright and cheery. She cautiously craned her head to look closer.
At that moment the teacher appeared. He was a tall man, and broad, his green eyes immediately intense and penetrating. His hair was graying and short, still peppered with the remnants of a youth long since passed. He wore a closely cropped beard, also gray, attentively kept, that framed strong cheeks, making his eyes appear even more powerful. His eyebrows arched sharply over those eyes, giving him a devilish appearance, conveying a mocking disdain of all things petty and mortal. A sardonic smile formed on his lips as he gazed at the girl in the grasp of another teacher; he peered directly into Melody’s soul and held the glance like twin magnetic beams, useless to resist against. His grin seemed to say: Ah. Caught you kissing that boy behind the backstop again, did she? When he shifted his gaze to Mrs. Lilywhite the grin stayed, but was now colored with the slightest edge of contempt. “Is there a problem?” he said. His voice was a low rumble, and that accent—English? Irish? He glanced back at Melody. “Who have we here?”
“Mr. Conor,” said Mrs. Lilywhite tersely. “We didn’t mean to disturb you. It seems you have problems enough in your own room—” Her frown increased.
Mr. Conor looked over his shoulder at his students, then back into the hallway. His brow wrinkled in amused confusion. “No problems here, Mrs. Lilywhite,” he smiled. “Is the noise bothering you?”
The colossal round mass next to Melody stiffened. “You are still somewhat new here, so I’ll remind you that disciplinary policies clearly state that classroom doors are to remain closed during class time. I realize this is different than in the high school where you taught; do you not remember the meeting where this was agreed upon?”
Mr. Conor shook his head indifferently, crossed his arms, and leaned against the doorjamb, his solid form now blocking Melody’s view inside. It was quite clear: Mrs. Lilywhite didn’t intimidate him, not at all. This pleased Melody, who listened as he replied, “No. I must’ve missed that meeting.”
Mrs. Lilywhite tugged heavily on Melody’s shoulder, grunting, “Come along, Miss Singleton.” As she limped away, Melody firmly in tow, she retorted without looking back, “It looks as if some teachers are like students and have no regard for rules. Another thing to chat with Principal Mayfield about.”
From behind her came that deep male voice with an accent: “Have a nice day, Mrs. Lilywhite … and you too, my friend.”
Melody turned to smile at Mr. Conor, but was jerked so hard by the angry bulbous mass next to her that she nearly fell over. Behind her she could hear the happy noises inside Mr. Conor’s classroom fading …
… fading like the joy inside her soul.
~~*~~
“No, this is no good. No good at all!”
Mrs. Lilywhite sat straight, her meaty hands on her broad fleshy knees, her great spherical mass threatening to spill her off her chair. She sat at its very edge (as far as Melody could tell, that is), and had at times in the past half hour pounded the large desk before her. The desk belonged to the vice principal, Mr. Jefferson, a kindly, tired older man with thick black-framed glasses and reddish hair dyed with Grecian Formula, who always wore white short-sleeved button-down shirts with far too many items stuffed into the lone pocket over his heart. Mr. Jefferson, Melody knew, was the man responsible for setting the students’ schedules—or changing them, as the case may be. Melody also knew he liked her, and had taken special pains to get her admitted into the GATE program. He sat back in his chair now and adjusted his spectacles. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Lilywhite, but Ms. Armitage’s Pre-Algebra class is not where this young lady belongs. Her skills are quite clearly superior—”
“She is a continuing nuisance and rarely if ever listens in class!” Mrs. Lilywhite interrupted. “The other students don’t like her; and quite frankly, I’ve lost my patience. Her behavior is too odd, too extreme. She needs counseling.”
Mr. Jefferson leaned forward, looking at Melody, who stared at her feet, silent. He asked, “Melody, do you feel you need counseling?”
Mrs. Lilywhite retorted, “What does she know? She’s just a teen—”
“Please. You’ve had your say, Mrs. Lilywhite. Let Melody speak for herself. Melody?”
Melody’s guts twisted inside her. She hated being here more than anything else in the world; she felt totally alone. After a long time, and without looking up, she said, “I already know everything they’re learning in the book. I know all the answers, even those in the last chapters—”
“This is ridiculous,” said Mrs. Lilywhite, slapping her knee. It sounded like a slab of tuna smacking a side of bacon.
“Shh!” gestured Mr. Jefferson. Mrs. Lilywhite glared at him, and then leaned back in her chair, making it creak and groan ominously under the strain. She crossed her arms impatiently over her barrel-sized chest and glared at the girl next to her. After another uncomfortable pause, Melody said, “The kids don’t like me—and I don’t like them. They’re mean. I want to go to another class.”
“You’d be bored stiff in Pre-Algebra, Melody,” Mr. Jefferson said gently. “And there are no other GATE classes here. We’d have to place you somewhere else. The work might be too easy for you. Is that okay?”
Melody swallowed hard. It would be now or never. “I—I want … I want to go to Mr. Conor’s class.”
Mrs. Lilywhite snorted. “Absolutely not. Ridiculous.”
Mr. Jefferson smiled, nodded. “Do you like Mr. Conor?”
“She doesn’t even know him—”
“Shh!”
Melody, looking up slightly, quietly said, “He seems like a nice man. A nice teacher. I want a nice teacher.”
“His classroom is a zoo, I’ll have you know, Donald. And since I am the department Chairwoman, I’ll also have you know I’m having Mr. Conor reprimanded for refusing to follow adopted disciplinary procedures concerning open classroom doors during class time. That’s where our young lady here came up with this preposterous idea. She saw the mayhem inside and thought she’d fit right in.”
“I’ve observed Mr. Conor twice now, Mrs. Lilywhite,” sighed Mr. Jefferson. “He runs a lovely classroom. It’s certainly within your purview to reprimand him, but I think Melody might just be better off with him. That and we won’t have to radically change Melody’s schedule. We can do an easy and direct transfer: from your period two class to his. Works for me....”
“To Geometry? Rid—”
“But you just got done telling me she’s not worthy of GATE, did you not? And Geometry is the class just below the GATE curriculum. Or do you simply want to punish this girl?”
Mrs. Lilywhite grunted and came to her feet, her face crimson with anger. “I will not sit here and be belittled in front of a student!” she bellowed. “Put this … this … girl”—she pointed convulsively towards Melody, whose neck stung from being continually shamed—“wherever you want to. I’m washing my hands of her. And you can call her Wiccan mother, or whatever godless faith she practices, as well! I’m through here!”
And with that Mrs. Lilywhite stormed from the small office, lurching away, slamming the door behind her.
Mr. Jefferson shook his head, sighing again. He gazed at Melody, whose eyes were focused on her knees. After a time he asked, “It’s none of my business, Melody, but—your mother is Wiccan?”
“No,” Melody whispered. “She’s a vegetarian.”
“Ah.” And Mr. Jefferson chuckled. Melody felt the sting slowly leave her neck. She glanced up at the vice principal, who was smiling gently at her. “You’ll have to forgive Mrs. Lilywhite,” he said consolingly. “She’s got her … beliefs, and she isn’t always comfortable with those she deems … how shall I say it? … different?” Then he shrugged, as if to say, Oh, well.
Melody said quietly, “I really do know all the answers in the book …”
Mr. Jefferson nodded. “I have no doubts about that, Melody. Your entrance scores into the GATE program were remarkable. It’s incredible it took so long for anybody to figure out just how bright you really are. I mean—you started Mrs. Lilywhite’s class after half a school year had already passed!” He took his glasses off and began cleaning them with a white hanky lying nearby. “But Melody,” he continued, “Mr. Conor’s class could be quite a step down for you. It most likely will be. And I haven’t even cleared this with your mother yet—”
Melody leaned forward. “She won’t mind; really. She doesn’t like Mrs. Lilywhite either. Please don’t send me back there, please …”
Mr. Jefferson shook his head. “Don’t worry. You won’t be going back to Mrs. Lilywhite’s classroom. I’ll send you to your next class a little early—it’s Principles of Aquatics, right? I’m sure Mr. Michaels won’t mind—and I’ll go have a chat with Mr. Conor. His classroom is quite full, but I think I could persuade him to take on one more student. Does this sound acceptable to you?”
Melody smiled uneasily. Her face no longer felt flushed; the back of her neck no longer stung with shame.
Mr. Jefferson finished cleaning his thick glasses and put them on. “Mr. Conor is … well, he’s a different teacher, Melody. Ultimately you may be as uncomfortable in his classroom as you were in Mrs. Lilywhite’s. He won’t yell at you, but he just may challenge you more than you may be ready for, outstanding GATE scores notwithstanding. Do you still want to give his class a try?”
Melody nodded silently.
“Then consider it a done deal. You may report to Mr. Conor’s class tomorrow morning. In the meantime, let me write you a pass to Aquatics. Oh—and”—he pointed at her backpack—“I’ll need your math textbook before you leave.”
Melody’s heart sank to her feet. But what if she couldn’t see the odd, fantastic symbol anymore? What if it could only be seen in this book, over problem thirty-nine on page four hundred five? She hesitated as she reached inside her pack. Mr. Jefferson sensed her reluctance. He said, “It’s okay. Like I said, Mr. Conor will likely challenge you just as rigorously as Mrs. Lilywhite, Melody. Maybe even more.”
Melody handed the book over to the vice principal, feeling intense frustration and worry. “Thank you,” he said, standing.  “Now—off to swimming with you. Did you know Mr. Michael’s Advanced Aquatics class swims around the Pier for their final exam?”
Melody absentmindedly shook her head as she trudged to the closed office door. Mr. Jefferson patted her shoulder as he opened it to excuse her. “Maybe someday you’ll swim around the Pier, you think?” And not waiting for her answer, said, “I’ll call your mother and inform her of this change. See you soon, Melody....” 
As Melody walked towards the natatorium, she let herself smile just a tiny little bit. Despite her sour mood, she felt a sudden sensation—an affirmation, really—when, in her imagination, she placed the weird symbol seen in her now-confiscated Algebra book with an image of the Pier. It felt so natural to do so, like the pleasant sensation one gets when a puzzle piece fits perfectly with another.
Melody thought: I sure hope I see it again.



Chapter 2
Twenty-two Years
He cocked a devilish eyebrow at her as she approached the open door of his classroom. He leaned against the doorjamb as before, arms crossed over a wide and imposing chest. The first bell had rung four minutes earlier; the tardy bell was just moments from sounding. Melody had hung back as long as she could, terrified that she had set herself upon an irreversible course of humiliation and expulsion, humiliation and expulsion…. Every teacher smiles the first day, she thought glumly. Smiles the first day—angry outbursts every day until the last. And kids laughing in my face the entire time. A new classmate pushed past her, hurrying to get into the room before the bell. Mr. Conor moved out of the student’s way without looking at her, his eyes pinning her to the hallway carpet. She took two uneasy steps towards him and forced herself to look up, hoping her advance would also move his large mass out of the way so she could enter the classroom as anonymously as that girl did just a second ago. No such luck. Mr. Conor didn’t budge an inch.
Humiliation and expulsion. Here we go again….
The final bell sounded. It rang loudly, with the ominous feel of a dinner bell at a death camp run by starving cannibals. The hallway fell silent as a tomb.
“Miss Singleton …” Mr. Conor said with his pleasantly odd accent.
Melody nodded meekly, painfully conscious of her every movement, of her very breath.
“…welcome to my Geometry class.” He bowed his head slightly.
She waited, peering up at him ...
“I see that your name is Melody.”
Melody again nodded shyly.
“Interesting name,” said Mr. Conor, regarding her. “Pretty name, too.”
She didn’t respond to the compliment, merely looking down and away for a second.
Her new teacher cleared his throat. Then he said: “I think you’ll find my classroom a little different than … others.” He waited for her to get the message underneath his words, but when it wasn’t apparent she had, continued, “This is your third maths class in a single year, I’ve discovered. Interesting …” He scratched his bearded chin absentmindedly, studying her. “... interesting indeed…. And yet I am sure you are anything but the troublemaker other, er, professionals here might make you out to be. That said, your abilities are quite clearly superior to the requirements of this class—”
She was glancing furtively past his form and into the brightly lit room where the students sat quietly. Some were trying to listen in, casting curious glances towards the door and the new student just outside it, waiting to be admitted.
“—and so for now—and not for disciplinary reasons, let’s be very clear on the matter—you will sit with me.”
She abruptly brought her gaze back up to his, her face flashing silent dismay. Mr. Conor turned and motioned towards his desk. “Your seat is next to mine, Miss Melody Singleton….” 
She saw that a student’s desk had been placed next to the teacher’s desk. It faced the classroom and her peers, apart from them, obviously special. Her hopes spiraled downward like an airliner suddenly shorn of its wings.
Mr. Conor’s laser-like stare intensified even further. “You have said nothing, my dear,” he observed with an amused smile forming on his lips, “and yet I can sense your despair already.” Then he said: “It won’t be what you’re thinking. And”—he held up a stern finger—“no one in this classroom will ever tease you without severe consequences from me. I fully intend to challenge you, Miss Melody. This will be no free ride for you. I need to know just how bright you are. And you will of course still take part in most activities. Fair enough?”
She said nothing. She forced a single nod of her head and thought: Let’s get this over with. Mr. Conor once again motioned into his classroom, this time with an overdone flourish, saying, “My New Student with the Interesting and Lovely Name, your true maths training awaits you …”
Melody hefted her oversized purple backpack resignedly over her right shoulder and stepped past the large man and into the classroom, urgently wishing she could disappear. Her new classmates stared openly at her. She chanced a very quick glance at the seated crowd watching her before fixing her eyes down on her own feet, hurrying to the sole remaining desk next to Mr. Conor’s at the front of the class. She sat in it as quickly and coolly as possible without looking as though she was rushing. She chanced another glance at the class. Some students she had seen before: there was Tanya from her gym class and Ryan from Spanish, and that cute, quiet boy from History. He sat in the back and when their eyes met a very brief smile lighted his face before he looked quickly away. She didn’t know his name. She sat in her desk just as Mr. Conor strode in.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” he announced loudly, “this is Melody Singleton. Some of you may already know her. She is what they call at university a ‘T.A.’—a ‘teacher’s assistant,’ which means she’ll be treated with the same respect that I get. Understand?”
The students continued looking at her. Some nodded.
“Melody will be assisting me in my teaching duties—grading, projects, planning, etcetera. She is very bright and so if you have a question and I’m busy with another, you may ask her. That’s one of her duties here. Follow?”
More nods. But no one sneered; no one snickered. One or two may have even smiled! Melody had taken note of these things, but almost unconsciously. Her first overriding concern was to try to hide within herself, praying that Mr. Conor would stop talking about her already and move on with his lesson. The announcement of her teacher’s assistant duties was a complete surprise to her, but not an entirely unwelcome one. True, she’d much rather be left to her own devices, were that possible; yet she knew that this idiocy known as middle school was an inescapable part of her daily misery, as were her ever-present feelings of being a total outsider, an alien. No doubt Mr. Conor had done some homework of his own regarding her before admitting her into his classroom. And deep inside Melody felt grateful for that, even if at this moment she felt like she were going to die of embarrassment.
“Now—” Mr. Conor clapped his hands together once in anticipation—“let’s talk about your projects….” And with that the class was off and running. Her new classmates were designing their own homes: first on notebook and construction paper, which they were doing now, using the geometry text assigned to them as a guide; then, much later, advancing to other materials such as toothpicks, tiles, tongue depressors, egg cartons, even Leggos. Many of the students were struggling over the math involved. And as much as Melody wanted to be cool and detached and apathetic, behaving just like the popular kids, she found herself thinking quite against her adolescent social sensibilities, I know how to do that … I can help with that! … She suddenly flashed back to the odd, mystical symbol she was focusing so hard upon when Ms. Lilywhite so rudely interrupted her efforts—the mysterious question mark with the curly-Q top. It seemed so natural to consider it here, in this classroom, and in the context of this particular discussion, though she didn’t know why.
“Here you go, my dear …” A thick pile of lined white paper suddenly plopped in front of her. She jumped in her seat, startled, her reverie extinguished. Mr. Conor pulled up an empty student’s desk next to hers and sat heavily in it. “I want you to grade these today.” He tossed a thin red pen on top of the pile. “Simple stuff, really: a proof of similarity: ten points if correct, five if partially correct, zero if no work attempted or you can’t follow. Okay?”
She considered how she, a seventh-grader, would be hated even more now, now that she would be grading her peers’ work—and that many of her classmates were in eighth grade, an entire year ahead of her! She’d be lucky to survive her daily walk home! She’d be given swirlies! She’d be stuffed in a locker and forgotten until the janitors show up in mid-summer to discover her skeleton clutching desperately at the air vents! But again Mr. Conor seemed to be able to read her mind, and the panicked thoughts galloping through it. He considered her in silence for a moment, and then rose, gently patting her shoulder. “Nobody will trouble you—here or anywhere else. And if they do, do not hesitate to come see me. The ongoing threat they live with is this: behave poorly and I’ll not hesitate to move ye to Ms. Lilywhite’s afternoon Applied Math class. I haven’t heard a peep from them. Maybe it’s because they know I’m sincere.” Then he chuckled.
Despite herself, Melody smiled.
He started walking away, hesitated, took two more steps, then turned around. He nodded towards the pile of paper. “One more thing. You have an assignment on the bottom of the stack. A … proof. Much more difficult than what you’ll be grading. If it makes no sense to you just disregard it and I’ll come up with something more … conventional.” He stared at her oddly for a moment, as if trying to decide if he’d said the right thing or not. He held her glance for a second longer, and in the next had turned away and was off helping his Geometry class.
~~*~~
She had completely forgotten about her assignment, the proof, in the grading of her new classmates’. After a long while the grading became somewhat fun: she enjoyed trying to understand the thinking processes of others, of trying to unravel their logic and sometimes rather indecipherable drawings. She had taken the time to write corrections where appropriate, feeling hugely self-conscious initially, but then relaxing more and more as she became increasingly comfortable marking on papers not her own. Most of the class did really well: she gave lots of 10s.  But the period was ending soon and she had only graded perhaps half of the stack. Mr. Conor hardly seemed disappointed by this: in fact, he nodded at her progress approvingly. “Take them home, Melody,” he said. “Finish them there. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He looked at her oddly again, as he had earlier.
And now, with the homework from her other classes completed, she sat on her bed in her blue pajamas and leafed through the remaining geometry waiting to be graded. She had pulled her long brown hair back into a ponytail and was absentmindedly playing with its end, brushing it back and forth across her chin. Earlier at dinner her mother had smiled and said, “Aedan Conor sure thinks a lot of you, Bug. I spoke with him on the phone today. He says you’re quiet and shy and brilliant. Those were his words.”
Melody nodded silently, not looking up from her meal. Her mother smiled wistfully and added, “Middle school sucks, I know, I know. I was just like you—quiet and feeling clumsy and totally alone. But you’re not, Mellow Yellow. Just remember that everybody there is struggling with similar issues, in their own peculiar way….”
She stared at the homework she was grading. Similar issues … similar triangles. Maybe we’re all just similar triangles having similar three-sided issues.
She finished grading half an hour later. At the bottom of the stack was her assignment, the proof, the one Mr. Conor had included with her classmates’. She had completely forgotten about it. It took her a long time to realize what she was looking at. She snatched at it and brought it to her face, her eyes wide with disbelief. She let go of her ponytail and clutched the paper with both hands, as though to keep it from flying away from her. For a long time she couldn’t make herself believe that what she was gawking at was real.
Drawn on a plain sheet of lined notebook paper was a broken triangle. The ends of each segment of the triangle didn’t quite meet; one line segment seemed to be drawn farther from the others, as if it were set drifting away on the page; and another segment seemed … dented. It was actually split into two segments, one half again as long as the other, as though Mr. Conor had penciled it while driving over a bump on the way to school. The words at the bottom, in inch-high capital letters, read, “SOLVE THIS.” But Melody barely noticed them. She was staring, open-mouthed, at the neatly drawn symbol at one of the broken vertices: a periodless question mark with a curly-Q top.
~~*~~
She gaped at the diagram.
The magical symbol in her Algebra book from just yesterday, before Mrs. Lilywhite had loomed over her like a lard mountain, the symbol she once thought was merely a figment of a young teenage mind gone mad stared back at her, rendered perfectly in pencil—a symbol another human being had seen too! She traced it with her index finger, as if doing so would confirm and solidify its reality.
Mr. Conor has seen it too!
A knock on her bedroom door.
Her mother cracked it open slightly and spoke from behind it, her voice muffled. “Sweetheart? It’s bedtime. Are you about ready?”
“Sure … sure, Momma. Another half hour?”
“That’s fine. I let Sara out. Will you let her back in before you crash? I’m going to bed.”
“Okay.”
“Love you, Bug.”
“Love you, Momma.”
“Oh—” her mother cracked the door open again—“going to spend the night at Yaeko’s tomorrow?”
“I’m not sure.” Melody shook her head without realizing it. “I’ll see her tomorrow morning at violin practice and ask.”
“Okay, love …”
Melody heard the door quietly click shut. She had not taken her eyes off the diagram and ten seconds later had completely forgotten the entire exchange. For the magical symbol beneath the drawing of the broken triangle had astonishingly come alive, flowing, shifting, changing shape …
~~*~~
When she looked up again, the clock on her nightstand read one-twenty. Just like that, three hours had passed. And she still had no idea what the symbol meant or how to manipulate it. She’d look away for a second, less than a second, and there it was, a static pencil-drawn shape, flat, dead.
She heard muffled whimpering. Sara. Sara scratching at the back screen door. Then: the sounds of movement. Her mother. Her mother opening the sliding glass door to let the old black lab in. The low rumble and click as the door was closed. Then—sounds of tired shuffling footsteps down the hallway—towards her, Melody’s, room.
She dropped the paper and lay back on her bed as quickly and quietly as she could. If her mother caught her awake at this hour, she’d be upset. Just as the bedroom door cracked open, Melody closed her eyes.
She heard her approach the bed. She heard her take the stack of graded papers at the foot of her bed and place them on her desk. Then her mother took the magical proof she had stared at the past three hours and set it next to the graded stack. Or … that’s what she guessed was happening….
Her mom reapproached her bed quietly. She leaned over, kissing her forehead gently, before switching off the overhead lamp attached to the headboard. Seconds later, she heard the door to her bedroom close slowly and quietly.
Her heart sank. She knew without opening her eyes that her room would now be as black as a cavern—a quality she normally loved, since it made her feel protected and cocooned. Now she cursed that darkness. Momma is a light sleeper, she thought. She’ll know if I switch the lamp on again. She’ll see the light under the door—and I’ll never get past that creaky kitchen floor to get the flashlight under the sink. Gah.
She rose and inched her way across the room until she reached her desk. She fumbled about on it until she felt the stack. She grabbed the first paper next to it—the proof? —and held it to her face. No good. She might as well be blind. The blackness was thick as tar.
She sighed and frustratingly groped her way back to bed. She flopped down, kicking the covers away angrily.
It took her a long time to get to sleep.
~~*~~
Mr. Conor’s emerald eyes regarded her like a hawk as she approached his classroom.
With a very frustrated sigh, she said, “I couldn’t understand it….”
His face fell. It was his turn to sigh, it seemed; and he was in the middle of a great big one, as though he was giving up on some heroic lifelong pursuit in abject failure, when she completed the thought: “I mean … I can see it change and flow into other shapes, but I can’t make it do anything.”
Her teacher’s countenance came back to life slowly, like sunshine after a passing thunderstorm. He raised his head gradually, his eyes widening slowly, cautiously, brightening until twin green laser beams once again plumbed the depths of her soul. His voice was low, even guarded, but barely within his control as he asked very quietly, leaning over her: “Did you just say … you saw it … the aecxis … you saw it change? flow? Did I hear that right?”
Melody scarcely noticed the enormous transformation in the spirit of the man towering over her. Her eyes were bloodshot; she hadn’t slept well last night at all; and she had already gotten into trouble for studying this odd “proof” instead of Spanish in the preceding period. In fact, the proof was all Melody could think of. She groused, “Yeah, it—the aecxis, or whatever it’s called—changes shape and color and even … texture … does that make sense? And it seems to float off the page too. But it does nothing else…. I mean—how is it part of a proof? I’m so lost…. Is this some sort of new math? Why am I the only one who can see it doing these things? Am I going crazy or something?”
Mr. Conor was studying her very intently. She sensed an odd mixture in him: great, unbounded joy colliding with a terrible sense of foreboding, a high-altitude adventurer peering over a rickety makeshift bridge across a deep and treacherous gorge. The silence between them became heavy with tension. Finally, he broke his stare. Then he chuckled, whispering, “Twenty-two bloody years …”
“Mr. Conor?”
He blinked, glancing at her as if just noticing her presence. “I’m sorry, Melody. I’m a little … distracted. Tell me: the proof: have you shown it to anyone?”
“Just my best friend Yaeko. She had no idea what it was and teased me and told me I probably just needed glasses. But I don’t … do I?”
Mr. Conor gathered her small hand between his own huge ones and patted it reassuringly. “No, no, no, my dear. Not at all. Nor are you going crazy. But—” he stood tall, releasing her hand, towering over her—“don’t share the proof with others, not even your best friend Yaeko. Understood?”
She nodded.
“You have a gift, Melody. You have no idea how long I’ve—” He stopped himself abruptly; she sensed self-reproach in the interruption. He said, “Again, share this with no one. Not yet, at least. Not even your mother. She wouldn’t understand…. You have—” he chuckled knowingly and without humor—“you have an ability with the potential to wield great power. But that ability is in its very infancy. You have much to learn.”
Students were filing into the classroom, hurrying past them. The room was three-fourths full now and growing noisy. Melody said, clearly frustrated, “But … Mr. Conor … the aecxis won’t move for me, no matter what I try to do! It’s like … like it’s alive or something! How do I get it to ‘solve’ the broken triangle?”
He snorted. “You have no idea how ‘alive’ it is! But it will respond only to a mind—to a soul—sufficiently strong enough. This is your first task—to learn just how strong you are. Keep trying to manipulate it. You have my permission to do that during class today. Just keep trying to manipulate it. Work on your focus. Unfortunately, for now that is all the instruction I can give you.” He noted her frustration and added, “Don’t give up, Melody.”
The tardy bell rang at that moment. Class had begun. As Melody sat, Mr. Conor patted her shoulder. She extracted the stack of graded homework assignments from her purple backpack and handed it to him. He didn’t even glance at it. Instead he gave a single silent chuckle as he regarded her curiously. “ ... like a spring melody ...” he said in a near whisper. “I should have bloody well guessed.” He noted her puzzled expression; pointing down at the broken triangle, he repeated his encouragement, his voice much stronger: “Don’t give up. Okay?” And without waiting for her to respond, he turned his attention to the class seated in neat rows under his watchful stare.
Melody didn’t pay attention at all to the lesson that day. Her eyes were glued instead to the flowing, twisting, magical symbol on the single sheet of paper beneath her chin.



Chapter 3
Maggie Singleton
Aedan Conor worked in the dark of his classroom, a desk lamp illuminating his efforts. He held a red pen in his right hand and occasionally made marks on the papers below him, his head over the desk and bent down in concentration, his elbows like heavy supports under him. He’d finish grading a paper every minute or so and swiftly replace it with another; but his efforts were strained and halting, as though some unseen electrical outlet powering him was short-circuiting. Many times he’d find himself not grading at all, but drumming his fingers absentmindedly on his desk, completely lost in thought. He was doing that now. He stopped at the realization.
He studied his fingernails abstractedly for a moment before slamming his hand on the desk, cursing under his breath. He had three stacks of homework to grade by tomorrow—and he couldn’t concentrate. The beginnings of a headache throbbed dully over his eyes. He rubbed them, and then gave a long, unsatisfying yawn. He scratched his itchy beard, and then leaned back in his chair, placing his hands on his stomach, interlacing his fingers.
This was at least the fifth time he had gone through the very same process. Except now, he thought self-consciously. Now the headache was clearly worse—and it was fifty minutes later. And the stacks seemed bloody endless.
The stacks …
Pre-Algebra to his left. Two problem sets, a dozen problems in each. Status: untouched.
The middle stack was Algebra. A ten-question quiz. Status: half graded. He squinted. And crap results thus far. Summer break was still a month away and already the little monkeys were behaving as though the holiday had already started.
The right stack was Geometry. It was also the largest. The assignment involved difficult calculations concerning their house projects. Some beginning trigonometry; some notes on basic physics; three proofs. Most of the students had consumed two or more pages of notebook paper completing the assignment; he had them staple the pages together before handing them in. The stack’s status: barely a quarter of it was graded.
It took him a minute or so to realize he had been staring at it and drumming his fingers on the desk again, his head bent once more in a pained effort to concentrate, his elbows once again propping his head up.
His thoughts had cycled back and were repeating themselves anew, a tape recorder that he could not find the off switch to. He listened to them now, giving up entirely to their monotony.
Three months ago he had found her—the Apprentice. Or … had he? Three months ago. Now what? What should he do now? For Melody Singleton had utterly failed to this point to manipulate the aecxis—the periodless question mark with the curly-Q top. And he had to be brutally honest here: it was entirely possible she might never succeed, that in fact she wasn’t the Apprentice at all. It could well turn out that her abilities would never evolve beyond the basic—and relatively useless—capacity to simply see the aecxis. This happened, in fact, most of the time for those few who could see it. All told, Mathematicians were a rare and special lot—and those that existed often required an entire lifetime of practice to achieve even minimal success. Most never did. Most simply never chose to. Then again, perhaps Melody’s abilities were specialized. That happened too. Perhaps she’s a Dreamcatcher, he thought. Or a Bow Guard. Perhaps in his unbridled excitement at discovering that she could actually see the fantastic symbol come to life, he had seriously misjudged her. And even assuming she could eventually manipulate it, there was no guarantee at all that she would suffer the extraordinary amount of work and the endless patience that work demanded in order to expand and refine her fledgling powers. He shook his head.
“Eleysius,” he muttered, “ye weren’t clear enough with me, mate ...”
And if Melody was the Apprentice …
Then precious time was running out while he dithered and she struggled. Time that would determine whether an entire world—whether entire worlds—lived, or were destroyed—were consumed—by an evil being who even now might be too powerful to stop.
He pushed that thought from his mind. Focus on what you can control, old boy. Focus on the positive. It’s all ye got right now….
Melody had turned out to be a model student, just as he suspected she’d be. She seemed to have an intuitive and easy grasp of mathematics, though he knew that perception to be patently false: her mother had shared with him during his first call to her months ago that Melody had always struggled over her maths studies, but found the subject so compelling she’d refuse to stop until she figured out the answer to the problem she was working on. Her ease in grasping the material had come with a very high price, one she’d already paid many times over, and over the course of a lifetime.
Melody had eagerly participated in the semester-long house project, jumping in with both feet; and, despite her Teacher’s Assistant status, she even made a few friends while helping out. She was always affable, if not very quiet, and willing to tutor the occasional student struggling over some obscure geometry concept or difficult calculation. She was very patient and understanding, making Conor wonder if her mother was like that as well. Like her maths abilities, her tutoring seemed to come quite effortlessly. He wondered if that aptitude had come with a high price as well, or was merely natural. 
Melody was an accepted and liked member of his Geometry classroom, though certainly not one he’d call popular: Her shyness seemed to intervene against such a possibility. She did her homework or classwork dutifully and then would get to work either on his projects and planning or dive in on the special proof he’d handed her. Conor tried to reserve time each day to precisely this latter end. But the girl staring intently down at the single sheet of notebook paper on her desktop, her hands clasped in her lap, was clearly showing signs of hopeless frustration mixed with sagging burnout. But, amazingly, each school day for the past twelve weeks, and without fail, and without a single word of complaint, she’d try again … and again … and again …
… just as she must have years ago, working on mathematics problems too advanced for her as her mother looked on.
She was doing that now, but under his careful auspices. But three long months had passed, and she was no closer now than she was then to solving the proof. He had told her to put it down and leave it alone for a while, to rest, but that went over like a lead balloon: She had glanced at him as if he were crazy; a glance that also told him she’d redouble her efforts yet again—and the Devil with her fatigue. He had re-drawn the proof at least six times, on six separate sheets of notebook paper, the other sheets ending up wrinkled, tattered, smudged beyond belief. He recalled an earlier sheet with a large green splotch of what looked like green chili salsa on it and a three or four inch tear down the middle, the clear tape over it covered in fingerprints and yellowing. The hours and hours of her concentrated efforts were obvious by the state of the paper those efforts were aimed at. He shuddered. Soon she might just give up … and I’d be back at square one.
And: It’s not like I’m getting any bloody younger. 
And: I—we—may very well be running out of time—and not even damn well know it!
And—
And just two days ago she had glanced up at him from her desk. She had been staring nonstop at the proof for nearly fifty minutes without interruption. Now she stared at him. It was a pleading, urgent, withering stare, her eyes bloodshot. It was the kind of look an innocent man would give his jailer who also knows he’s innocent—and moments before his execution. The stare stopped him dead in the middle of his lecture on how to calculate cosines. He had to fumble through his notes, his mind scrambled totally, the class silent but quite aware that a very significant exchange had just taken place. He stuttered back into his lesson—but no person, present or past, had ever seen Aedan Conor so flustered.
“To hell with this!” he said, sitting up. It was useless attempting to concentrate. He’d have to take the ungraded portion of each stack back to the cas—
“Mr. Conor?”
She stood in the entrance to the classroom, half lost in shadow and the yellow glare from his desk lamp. He came up with a start. Her voice was soft and unobtrusive; even so, it had shocked him back to the moment.
He squinted past the circle of light surrounding him and said, “Yes? Can I help you?”
She stepped into the dark room. She was a slender woman with medium length brown hair that fell loosely and forgetfully around lithe shoulders, hair parted down the middle and looped behind her ears, framing an attractive and young face. Her gray-blue eyes were sharp, contrasting with her soft voice, one that sounded vaguely familiar. Her smile was welcoming and humble and endearingly faltering in a way he had definitely seen before.
He suddenly had a very good notion who this was. He said, rising, “I’m going to venture a guess and say you must be Mrs. Singleton, Melody’s mother.”
She approached him, smiling. “Yes. Do you have a minute? I’d hate to take you away from your work; and I apologize for not calling and scheduling an appointment. I’d like to discuss—”
“Melody, of course,” Conor said, shaking her hand. He motioned her to a desk, quickly flipped on the classroom lights while she sat, and, while blinking back the sudden sterile brightness, turned the desk next to hers around to face her. He sat in it and knew then his headache wasn’t going to go away on its own. 
Maggie Singleton said, “You’re like me. You like working in the dark.”
“Yes,” he said, and motioned up towards the ceiling. “These infernal office lights suck the very soul out of you.”
“I believe I said this to you months ago, when you first called; but your accent is very pleasant. Irish?”
“Yes. And thank you. Born in Dublin, though I’ve lived in the States for the past twenty or so years.”
“It’s lovely.”
“Thank you, Mrs. Singleton—”
“Ms., if you don’t mind. Divorced….”
“Of course. My apologies. I’ve always held a certain pride in my heritage.”
“As well you should.”
“But,” he said, leaning forward, “I have the sneaking suspicion you didn’t come to discuss my accent, but Miss Melody instead.”
Maggie’s smile faded somewhat. “Yes. I’m very concerned about her. About the work you’re giving her. Some of it seems way too difficult for her.”
Conor’s heart sank. He asked, “Some of it?”
“Yes. Well, just one thing really. It’s always the same thing. Melody calls it a ‘proof.’ But it certainly doesn’t look like anything I’ve ever seen before…. I mean, it’s rather odd—that single fancy-looking question mark—is it a question mark? —next to what looks like a smashed triangle.” She waved her hand in front of her face, as if swatting away a pesky gnat. “It’s been years since I’ve taken any math, so much could have changed with teaching it in all that time. But that ‘proof’ has had quite an effect on my daughter,” she said, frowning.
Conor listened without comment, watching the woman in front of him, who continued:
“It’s all she focuses on, Mr. Conor. She gets her other homework done as quickly as she can—her grades are fine in those other areas, so it’s not a problem—and she’s not neglecting her violin … not yet, at least—”
“She plays the violin?” Conor asked, surprised.
Maggie nodded. “Next to her mathematics studies, it’s her passion. Her best friend Yaeko teaches her.”
He smiled. He thought of another violinist named Yaeko, this one known as “The Young Master,” a child prodigy, one whose music for a short time transfixed the entire world with its beauty, grace, and power. An astonishing talent who tragically died in a car crash almost three years ago.
“But Mr. Conor,” Maggie Singleton said, interrupting his thoughts, “she finishes everything as quickly as she can, including time with me, and then holes herself up in her bedroom until she passes out from exhaustion hours later. She’s becoming irascible and contentious—I mean, beyond the normal teenage drama, that is—and she isn’t eating nearly as much as she should. All because of that proof. You have no idea how absolutely determined this girl can get, Mr. Conor. Once she sets her mind to something, it’s over. She won’t budge until she’s mastered it, come hell or high water. And usually both show up. Would you not agree that this is a bit … well, much?”
“Yes, of course, of course,” Conor said. “Please continue …”
“She’s also lost interest in brushing her teeth, bathing, feeding the dog, reading, taking walks, listening to music, helping me around the house, eating … And I know she’s not sleeping....
“I guess I could understand all this if it were something like a crush on a boy or something like that,” Maggie went on, “but a math proof?
“So can you tell me, Mr. Conor, why my daughter is so obsessed with it? Perhaps with some understanding, however rudimentary, I could help her. I mean, I haven’t taken math in years, but perhaps if you showed me how to answer it, gave me some hints…?”
Conor hesitated for a moment before answering. “It’s really little more than a proof … of a triangle … and the three segments making it up, Ms. Singleton—”
“Please … please call me Maggie,” said the woman sitting across from him. “Ms. feels too stuffy here.”
He smiled. “Ms. Maggie. Lovely name.”
She grinned. “Thank you.”
“Maggie,” Conor continued, “the problem is that the work is actually quite advanced and somewhat … intuitive, even given its seemingly basic nature. Does that make sense? No? Well—let’s move on for now. By contrast, most, if not all, of the work other students are doing is well below Melody’s abilities. I gave her that proof to challenge her, and to see just how advanced she really is—”
Maggie’s face reflected slight alarm. “So—she’s not participating with the rest of the class?”
“No, no,” he said, holding up his hand, “she participates, believe me. She’s probably the most involved student, in fact. She’s taken a very active part in the house project—which started well before she joined us; she helps me with grading and organizing; and she tutors her classmates. No, Maggie, Melody by no means gets to zone out, as it were, just on that proof.”
Maggie was listening and nodding in approval. The alarm in her eyes had gone. “Good,” she said. “Good. I’m relieved to hear it. It was one of my greatest worries when she was … demoted”—she spat the word in contempt—“from that horrid GATE class with that intolerant sow of a teacher and that brat Tommy Heffledorf, who has bullied her every chance he’s gotten. Know who he is? No? Well, no matter. The problem is, Mr. Conor, Melody is a very shy teen, and quite unassuming, and if she could simply melt into the background, she’d do it in a heartbeat. She’s easy pickings for bullies like Tommy and, unfortunately, adult bullies like Mrs. Lilywhite. She needs to be challenged to grow and reach out of herself … I see that you agree.”
“She is a remarkable young lady, Maggie. She has great potential.”
Melody’s mother held his gaze for a moment, and then laughed bitterly. “With all due respect, Mr. Conor—”
“Call me Aedan.”
“Aedan.”
“Yes, please.”
“Aedan, I’ve heard this ‘great potential’ schpeel so often now that it nauseates me. Tell me, are teachers trained to mouth such platitudes in order to get certified or hired?”
Conor gazed at the woman seated across from him, momentarily shocked into painful self-awareness. For those brief, silent moments he felt tiny and fake. Then he sat back and roared with laughter. Maggie watched him dispassionately, a slight smile on her face. When he finished, he shook his head, reaching for the masticated stub of a pencil left by a long-since departed student. He spun it between his thumb and middle finger, watching it and not her. Without looking up he said, “I’m at a loss, Maggie—”
“I mean,” she went on, “that’s exactly what Doreen Lilywhite told me at the Parent-Teacher night in January. And you know, she’s not the first to say Melody had all this ‘great potential’ before treating her like dirt—and I know that she opposed even allowing Melody into that class! She was just schmoozing me! I’ve heard that platitude for years now— and it’s just a big fat lie. So perhaps you can see how little value I attach to it these days?”
Conor kept his gaze on the pencil he was spinning. “Yes, of course …”
“What does it mean to have ‘great potential,’ Aedan? If you really think of it, it’s meaningless. Very few individuals on this earth ever bother to truly look inside to discover this wonderful ‘great potential’ educators talk about, let alone do anything about it, wouldn’t you agree?”
He nodded. “My apologies,” he said. “And yes,” he chuckled, “at university we are trained to mouth inanities like ‘great potential.’ But in this case, it’s quite true. And—let me finish—this little girl of yours is desperately trying to realize it. It’s why I’ve challenged her. Because—at least in her case—she is one student who doesn’t seem to want to dig herself into a hole of ignorance and cover herself up, her shyness notwithstanding.”
Maggie’s stare pierced for a moment longer before softening. “Can you give her something that’s at least a little less challenging for now?” she asked. “Perhaps that would help.”
He shook his head. “I wish I could. But this branch of … mathematics—geometry—has this proof as its basis. And—” he scratched his beard thoughtfully—“I really do think she can solve it.”
“Tell you what,” he said suddenly and without thinking, “give Melody another week. Then we’ll switch gears. Fair enough?”
Maggie hesitated. “A week.”
He nodded jerkily, thinking inwardly that if Melody Singleton was in fact the Apprentice, and couldn’t solve this ‘proof’ within a single week, that he had just sentenced Earth to eternal darkness in the clutches of a powerful and hateful being.
“Can she get help from another student or maybe another teacher?”
He stopped spinning the pencil. He sat up straight and, leaning forward again, said, “The problem with great potential, Maggie, is that it takes great courage to discover it within oneself—”
He stared into her eyes.
“Or its lack,” she said, finishing the thought. Her face was very serious again.
He nodded. “Precisely. So you must know the answer to my question.”
“I do.”
“And you agree?”
It was Maggie’s turn to sit back. Her eyes had gone from piercing to soft to, now, very tired. The silence grew oppressively thick before she finally said, very quietly, “Melody really likes you, Aedan. I can see why.”
“Thank you—again.”
Another long silence. Then she nodded, “Okay. A week.”
He could feel his lungs filling with air. It was then he realized that he hadn’t been breathing for the last full minute.
He said, half to himself, “A week.”
“A week,” she echoed.
Conor’s mind was racing, but haphazardly, like a race car with a tire blown out and skidding through an oil slick. It must be, he thought, a trait of this family to be able to scramble me so! ... It felt less at times like that unfortunate race car and much more like a chicken with its head cut off. He heard Maggie say, “You look as if summer break couldn’t come fast enough …”
He came back to himself and chuckled. “Some days, yes. But these days I’m trying to sweep summer break back with a broom.”
“Too many commitments?”
“Something like that, yes …”
“It’s odd,” Maggie nodded with a grin, “I get the same feeling with the Bug....”
Conor blinked. “I’m sorry, who—?”
Maggie laughed and then said, “Oops. Melody. I’m talking about Melody. It’s the nickname she’s had her entire life. ‘Cute as a bug’: that’s where it came from. Her father gave it to her. If she knew you knew she’d absolutely skin me alive.
“Melody—‘the Bug’—hates summer break. That’s when she goes to live with her father in Sarasota, though she didn’t go last summer. She loves seeing him, but just hates it there. Keeps telling him to move back to Imperial Beach….”
Conor could hear the back of his brain screaming, Bloody hell. More time! I need MORE BLOODY TIME!
“… though she does love seeing her brother….”
—One sodding month! I need more than a month! —
“Do you have children, Aedan?”
He was staring at the chewed-on pencil stub, a frown on his bearded face.
“Mr. Conor?”
He shook himself out of his silent panic. Blinked once, twice, thrice. Focused on the woman watching him. He sighed and forced a smile to his lips. “I’m sorry, Maggie,” he said, “too much on my mind, I guess …”
“No, I’m the one who should be sorry,” she said, standing and gathering her things, “I’ve kept you long enough. You must be feeling just about burned out, what with summer break approaching—no, no, don’t get up.” She extended her hand. “Have a great night, Aedan. It was a pleasure meeting you at last.”
“And me you,” he said, grasping her hand and shaking it, feeling a pleasant thrill at its softness. “And for what it’s worth, there’s no burnout here. In fact, I have a very strong feeling that my best teaching is just ahead of me.”
She turned at the door. “Not from lack of overzealous parents like me …”
He smiled. “Don’t put yourself down. You did the right thing coming here—”
“What are you doing Saturday night, Aedan?”
His astonished, blinking glance made her shy into herself self-consciously. She looked down at her feet, and then continued, speaking rapidly, “I mean … Melody really likes you…. And I was thinking … perhaps we could meet for dinner at Fisherman’s Choice at the end of the Pier…? You could help keep her from driving me crazy this weekend, so it would be in an altruistic cause … and she won’t come out and forget that hellacious assignment of yours unless I make it an R.B.D.—like asking you out to dinner.”
He grimaced, puzzled. “An … an ‘R.B.D.’?”
Maggie laughed. “Sorry. Raising a teen girl, you know … all those terms, the ‘cool’ lingo—” she hooked her fingers to emphasize the quotes. “ ‘R.B.D.’ means ‘Really Big Deal.’ ”
He nodded thoughtfully. Then he said, “I hadn’t heard that one.” He glanced at the stub of pencil. “I’m … married, Maggie. I’m sorry.”
Maggie Singleton flushed a violent red. “Of course. How stupid of me—I didn’t even ask—and just because a man’s not wearing a wedding band doesn’t ... and … wow. Forgive me, Aedan.  I’ll be go—”
“I’m lying, Maggie. I’d love to join you for dinner.” He was grinning at her sideways, his left eyebrow lifting devilishly, his smile mischievous. 
Her chin snapped up suddenly, her eyes wide with amazement and a momentary fierce anger that flustered him just as surely as her daughter’s withering glance had the other day. Then—she laughed. She laughed, and the spring was released, as if she had just opened a dozen balloons full of worry and doubt and motherly anxiety into the happy sky, to float away into nothingness. She nodded. “I owe you one. Shall we meet, say, six-thirty?”
“Saturday night?”
“Yes.”
Conor smiled. “I’ll see you then.”
“Goodnight … Aedan. Lights back off?”
“Please. Thank you. And—goodnight, Maggie.”
~~*~~
He heard the remaining staff leave over the next two hours. Some stopped by his classroom, glanced inside, and bade him goodnight, even though the room appeared dark and deserted from the brightly lighted hallway. He could hear their footsteps fading as they strode down the hallway towards the big double doors that opened into the Language Arts wing, which led to the school’s staff parking lot; he’d hear those doors open with a groan and close with a wooden clatter, and then … silence. 
Doreen Lilywhite walked by without stopping. He didn’t have to look up to know it was she: he could hear the control pantyhose she wore rubbing together like sandpaper in time with her heavy, lurching footfalls, along with her ever-present grunting. 
Some time later he could hear janitors milling about. One stopped briefly in his classroom to empty the trash; the short, stocky man abruptly burst in, flicking the lights on without realizing anybody was there. “Oh, excuse me, Mr. Conor. I’ll be just a minute …” Conor looked up only long enough to nod in his direction, then went back to work. The man finished his chores and left, turning off the lights as he departed.
Silence. He was finally completely alone. When he looked up again, even the hallway lights had been turned off.
He was full of energy and concentration now—and couldn’t pinpoint why. Surely a simple conversation with the parent of a student couldn’t do that—could it? Or that said parent had just asked him out? He smiled to himself, his pen scribbling in the margin of a geometry assignment. He thought: That wasn’t just the parent of a student … and the student isn’t just any student. 
It was very likely that she was much, much more.
But he had to know for sure.
His headache was gone. And with its welcome departure came a decision. It was time, he thought, to find out once and for all: was Melody Singleton the Apprentice he had sought for over twenty years—or wasn’t she? He knew there was a way to get an answer. A way he hesitated employing, for it was fraught with great danger. But now, it seemed, he had no choice. Now he was under two pressing deadlines.
He had to find out. If Melody was indeed the Apprentice, the clock was ticking down on entire worlds.
~~*~~
An hour later he stood at the foot of the Imperial Beach Pier. The sun was just minutes from setting, a brilliant orange circle squishing itself into the watery horizon, the sky above him dissolving into a sleepy navy blue.
The beach on both sides of him was clear: no swimmers or surfers, no joggers or dogs, no lifeguards or tourists. The plaza behind him was empty, save the lights from the three stores in the plaza’s single building. The Pier itself stretched before him, free of people, the blue light shining in the octagonal tower at the top of the building at its end like a beacon, inviting him. He looked at it, smiling slightly.
He strode up the walkway’s center, neither hurrying nor taking his time, his green eyes surveying all before him, his chin moving left or right only occasionally, his stride calm and proud, as though he owned the entire structure.
A hundred feet above him a triplet of seagulls glided in a precise V formation. A pair of triplets glided to either side of this one, fifty feet away and twenty feet lower. They glided over him, silent, flying forward at the exact same speed he walked. When their wings moved, they did so in unison, and at the very same instant the centermost bird’s did. At the Pier’s tip he nodded, not looking up, and the triplets dutifully dispersed, curving away over the indigo ocean and back towards shore.
He stood at the end of the Pier, his arms behind his back, clasping his right wrist. The top of the sun had just dropped below the glassy sea when he heard a rusty crack as the restaurant’s back door opened. At that sound, he turned around.
The door stood open—but no one stood in the entrance. There was nothing but the dark hallway that he knew led to the back kitchen.
Aedan Conor walked into the hallway, closing the door behind him.



Chapter 4
Dinner On The Pier
This is weird.”
“Oh Bug, hush up.”
“Other mothers don’t date their daughter’s teachers. Why do you have to be the exception?”
Maggie chortled. “Singular, dear child, singular: teach-er. Because I love nothing more than torturing you. It’s my purpose in life.”
“You should go pro.”
“Besides,” her mother said smugly, ignoring her dig, “this isn’t a ‘date.’ And stop wrinkling your nose like you smell moldy cheese. We promise not to make out too much in front of you. Deal?”
“Oh puleeeze. You’re nauseating me.”
Her mother chuckled and then sat back, sipping soda through a straw. She regarded her very grumpy daughter with amusement.
They sat at the end of the Imperial Beach Pier, just a short walk from the restaurant housed in the diamond-shaped building there. They had managed to grab the last available table—the one located farthest away from the building itself. Melody was grateful for that. The sun was setting and soon they too would be cast in shadow. She was already cold; she could use all the remaining sunlight she could get. The shadow would freeze her solid once it advanced over her, she grumbled to herself. She figured she had another half hour before it did. She thought of pressing the subject, then dropped it. Her mom was having way too much fun at the expense of her misery and was obviously itching to increase the good times. Melody’d seen that face before.
The sun cast a painfully bright, shimmering yellow brushstroke across the jade-blue Pacific Ocean as it set. Left of that, and five miles distant, the bluffs of Tijuana, Mexico, rose from under a diffuse white-brown haze of salt air and pollution. Melody shifted her seat to take away some of the glare—but found that brought her mother out of it, who was still smiling mischievously at her.
Mr. Conor was fifteen minutes late. Melody shifted her chair again to further decrease the sunset’s brilliance. But she still had to squint. And now she was getting goose bumps from the chill. And—
“He stood you up.”
Her mother took a long drag of soda, swallowed, and then replied, “My, girl, you are grumpy this evening! And no, he hasn’t stood me up. I’ll have you know I’m far too pretty to be stood up; and besides, my taciturn and snooty daughter just happens to be his prize student.”
“You have a crush on my math teacher. That’s so gross.”
“I most certainly do not,” her mother retorted instantly. “I’ll have you know this dinner is for purely educational purposes.”
“What ‘educational purposes’?”
“To ascertain which cute boy in my daughter’s math class she has such a monster crush on that she has forgotten about her mother, her dog, her other schoolwork, and her violin. This is an intervention—didn’t I tell you? The first step: admitting that you are addicted to tonsil hockey behind the outfield fence.”
“Gross!”
“Oh, whatever, Bug,” said Maggie, dismissing her daughter with a wave of her hand. “Mr. Conor told me this afternoon when he called to confirm dinner that there’s a boy in particular in his class that can’t seem to take his eyes off you—Seth Mueller, does that ring a bell?” She smiled silkily at her daughter. “Seth and Melody sittin’ in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G….” 
Melody was blushing furiously and fighting a losing battle to maintain her hard-won frown. She felt goose bumps race up the calves of her legs and asked poisonously, “When you were my age did you use ink to take notes, or were you and the tribe still using charcoal left over from the mastodon feast the night before?”
Her mother frowned, suppressing a laugh. “You just wait, little girl. Forty-seven comes around fast. I just hope I’m around to see your daughter gives you the fits you give me.”
“Oh whatever, Momma.”
“Oh whatever, Bug.”
“Just try for once to be cool. I don’t want to have to hurl into your salmon salad.”
Maggie was in the process of forming a barbed response, and glaring at her, when she looked past Melody’s right shoulder. “There he is,” she said, motioning with her head, “just walking past the lifeguard tower now.”
Melody whipped her head around. Mr. Conor was walking up the mid-Pier incline in front of the lifeguard tower, his form appearing as though he was rising regally up the stairs of a palace to his throne. It seemed an appropriate enough analogy, Melody thought. Mr. Conor, she considered, carried himself like a king.
She found herself smiling.
(Which was okay, she thought. Her mother couldn’t see it.)
It was then she noticed it.
Twenty feet above her teacher a trio of seagulls floated in precise formation, as if waiting for him to toss crumbs or something. They were large birds, almost glowing white, with beautiful gray tips on their wings. They seemed very interested in him, following him all the way to where she and her mother sat.
As Mr. Conor approached he waved upward at the birds in a kingly gesture of dismissal ...
... and the gulls dispersed as if royally commanded, gracefully winging their way back down the length of the Pier.
It was then Melody noticed that other trios of gulls over the water had dispersed in the same exact fashion, and at the exact same time.
As Mr. Conor came within speaking distance, Melody, gaping, said, “Wow! That was cool! How did you do that?”
Her math teacher gave that familiar devilish smile. “Hello, Melody. Maggie—” he nodded in a half bow.
Maggie scolded her: “Honey, that’s no way to greet—”
“But didn’t you see that, Momma? That was incredible! I mean—” she stopped short, noticing the hard scowl on her face. She glanced up nervously at Mr. Conor, who now stood just behind her. “I mean—er—hello, Mr. Conor….”
He gazed at her with that same smile and then sat down after draping his blazer over the back of his chair. He scratched his beard, shook his head. “Stupid. That’ll teach me to toss crumbs from a loaf of moldy bread, won’t it? I’m surprised I’m not covered in bird dung!”
Melody gawked. “Those gulls were following you—because you were feeding them on the way here?”
Mr. Conor shrugged, chuckled. “My mistake. Silly beasts just kept following me. I forgot how insistent they can get!” He then nodded to both, as if introducing himself again: “Melody … Maggie … you are both looking quite pretty tonight….”
Melody was thinking still of what she had just witnessed, but at least had the presence of mind to say in unison with her mother, “Thank you.”
But her mother had said, “Thank you, Aedan,” and suddenly Melody’s mind was back in the present, wrenched there violently against its will. A frown instantly reformed on her face. It’s not Aedan! she thought, it’s Mr. Conor. MR. CONOR! I really, really hope I don’t have to hear that too many times tonight. To stop this first-name smarminess from continuing, she blurted, “How did you get all those birds to just fly away like that?”
Mr. Conor regarded her amusingly. “I’m a salty old dog, my dear. The birds know if they don’t I’ll eat them.”
Her mother chuckled. “Serves you right for feeding them in the first place.”
“Lesson learnt, yes.” He cocked his head slightly, conceding the point.
“But—”
“Melody, please,” interrupted her mother, the slightest tone of warning in her voice. “Let’s move on, shall we?” She glanced at Melody’s teacher. “Shall we eat?”
“Yes, let’s,” said Mr. Conor, standing with them. “It’s been a long time—too long—since I’ve eaten at Fisherman’s Choice. I used to come here all the time.”
“I imagine that teaching doesn’t allow you much free time at all,” Melody’s mother offered as they started strolling towards the restaurant at Pier’s end.
“It doesn’t,” he grumbled quietly. “I take it you still have to go to the counter and order and then they bring your food out to you?”
Melody always thought this strange too; but Fisherman’s Choice was a wildly successful local eatery that had just gone national, opening several other restaurants on piers around the country. Maggie swept her arm around her daughter and said, “To use a term from the Bug here: Yeah, it’s weird.”
She stopped short in mid-stride because Melody had stopped walking altogether, frozen in place with humiliated anger, her hands on her hips, her face a deep crimson red. Maggie turned and, wincing, mouthed the words I’m sorry.
But Mr. Conor was still walking. Without looking back he spoke loudly, his Irish accent very pronounced: “The salmon is excellent here. You should try some … Bug.” He chuckled.
The goose bumps were gone. In fact, in her terminal shame and embarrassment, Melody now felt quite hot, as though she had worn layers of winter clothing in subtropical heat. Her face burned to the point of physical pain. Her mother mouthed the words I’m sorry to her once more, raised her hands in a sheepish gesture for forgiveness, then wheeled about and scurried towards her math teacher. Maggie could feel the twin laser beams of Melody’s anger boring into the back of her skull as they entered the restaurant.
~~*~~
In fact, the salmon salad was quite good.
But Melody didn’t really take the time to taste it until she had firmly resolved never to forgive her mother for her faux pas. In the meantime, she had consumed most of her dinner in a sour, solipsistic state of mind, silent.
‘Maggie’ (MS. SINGLETON!) and ‘Aedan’ (MR. CONOR!), after trying to include her in the ongoing conversation, had finally given up, content to let her stew in her own discontent.
Which was just fine by Melody.
~~*~~
Mr. Conor was telling a joke:
“McCuen stumbled out of a pub right into the arms of Father Logan. ‘Inebriated again!’ declared the priest. ‘Shame on you! When are you going to straighten out your life?’ ‘Father,’ asked McCuen, ‘what causes arthritis?’ ‘I’ll tell you what causes it!’ started Father Logan. ‘Drinking cheap whiskey, gambling, and carousing around with loose women! How long have you had arthritis?’ ‘I don’t,’ slurred McCuen. ‘The Bishop has it!’ ”
As Maggie laughed, Melody rolled her eyes.
Maggie lowered the bottle of beer she was holding to the table. The motion tipped the small bowl of calamari sauce next to her elbow over the table’s edge—and into her lap.
“Well … hell,” she muttered, looking down.
Mr. Conor immediately half stood, lending his napkin to her. “First dates, eh?” he grinned. “First me with the feathered circus overhead, now you—”
“Thanks for the napkin, but no—” Maggie smiled up at him briefly before looking back into her lap. “This needs a little more attention, I think … Besides,” she continued, rising, “I need to use the restroom.”
The calamari sauce had left a long red streak at the bottom of her blouse before splattering into a large, irregular star on her brown corduroy pants.  
She shook her head. “I’m glad I’m not eighteen anymore … the dying-of-embarrassment schtick no longer occurs with me.” She walked around the table.
Mr. Conor remained standing. “Now I know the truth. The joke was so bad you had to conjure up an excuse to run to the loo—”
“Be back in a few minutes.” Melody noticed her mother gently touch his arm as she passed him.
He called after her: “Mind if I have an after-dinner walk with Melody to the end of the Pier?”
Her mother waved without looking back, hurrying towards the restrooms in the plaza at the Pier’s foot. “I’ll meet you there. Give me ten minutes …”
Melody gazed up at him. Mr. Conor reached for his blazer and put it on. Then he turned full to her. “My dear …” he motioned with one arm, stepping behind her chair to pull it out. The debonair gentleman.
~~*~~
The sun had set half an hour ago, the sky a deep pink laced with burning yellow ribbons of silky cirrus clouds high above, and low, white, puffy clouds from the marine layer below. The layer was slowly making its way back to shore, soon to cover them in fog. The sea was glassy and navy blue, almost indistinct against the horizon. Despite the fact the temperature had dropped several degrees, Melody no longer felt cold at all. 
She and Mr. Conor stood at the Pier’s very end, on the walkway behind the restaurant, looking west. Her teacher was bent at the waist, his elbows resting on the wooden railing, his hands clasped together. Melody stood to his left. She sensed a great change in him as he stared out over the water. Sadness?
“Remarkable, isn’t it?” he said quietly.
She nodded, and then realized he hadn’t seen that she had answered him. She said, “I love coming down here to watch the sun set. Whenever I’ve had a bad day, this is where I come. Yaeko, my best friend, comes with me all the time. She says it’s her favorite place in the whole world.”
“Bet you spent a wee bit of time here after that day with Mrs. Lilywhite, yes?” he said, still staring out at the water.
“Try every day during, too.”
The sudden single motion in Mr. Conor’s back told Melody he had chuckled once, silently.
After another prolonged period of silence, he asked, “What do you see out there, Miss Melody?”
She looked out at the darkening waters, the settling sky, the bright yellow dot of an aircraft moving within it, and said, feeling immediately stupid afterward, “The … ocean, I guess …”
Another single motion signifying a silent chuckle; another long moment of contemplative silence. Then: “Did you ever think how—what’s the word you kids use these days? —radical? —how radical it would be if this Pier didn’t stop here, but just kept going on and on, connecting lands, kingdoms … whole worlds?”
The question surprised her. She didn’t know how to respond—and it seemed, oddly enough, that Mr. Conor wasn’t just playing at pretending here, but something deeper, something real…. She peered out over the water and tried visualizing … an infinite pier stretching over silent, vibrant depths, a pier connecting lands as distant as China thousands of miles away … a pier that continued, on and on, over alien, uncharted waters, ancient lands, lost empires, forgotten peoples…. But then her analytical mind, always naggingly present, it seemed, barged in, and she replied, “An infinite pier? The wooden supports would have to be seven miles long to reach the bottom of the ocean in the deepest places … whoa….”
And then she thought some more and added, “But it wouldn’t be an infinite pier—eventually it’d just circle back around behind us….”
He turned his head and watched her. “Radical,” he said, smiling.
“No, it’s not ‘radical,’ ” she snickered. “ ‘Rad.’ ”
“ ‘Rad.’ ”
“Yeah.”
Mr. Conor gazed back over the waters. Something seemed to be pressing on him, bothering him. He straightened up abruptly, as if he had decided something, and buttoned the bottom button of his blazer. “Come,” he said. “I want to introduce you to a friend. I told him about you—your maths abilities—and he wants to meet you.”
“But …” Melody hesitated, “my mom is expecting us to be here—”
“Oh, no worries, my dear. He’s just in here—in the back kitchen of the restaurant.” He motioned towards the door twenty feet away that led into the rear of the eatery. “A very quick introduction, nothing more. My friend works as a dishwasher here. But I must warn you: he’s mute, and a little strange to boot, so don’t worry when he says nothing to you, okay?”
She nodded nervously, but he didn’t notice. He seemed very uptight, as though he wasn’t at all sure of himself. He came to the door ahead of her and grasped the knob, which was rusting from sea salt. He flashed a hasty smile at her, which vanished a second later. After some effort the knob turned with a grinding sound. The door opened with a loud crack, like wood splitting. He motioned her to follow him with a slight toss of his head. He didn’t try smiling this time. Melody stood a good five or six feet back, but quickly closed the distance as he strode inside just ahead of her.
“Close the door behind you.” His voice was very serious and commanding. He turned around to face her. “Are you okay?” And then he answered the question for her. “Of course you are. Of course …” Another quick, edgy smile. He grasped her shoulder gently and said, “Left at the corner. He’s at the sink, I’m sure. Don’t say anything to him, I’ll summon—er—I’ll call for him.”
She walked cautiously down the short, narrow corridor towards a dimly lit room. Above her head was a ladder of some sort, hooked to the ceiling. The air was thick with the smell of fish. Ahead were the sounds of running water and the steady clanking of dishes and silverware. The hallway ended and she walked into a room. Now it was fish mixing with dish soap. Nauseating.
The dishwasher stood at the sink with his back to her. But no, he wasn’t standing, really: he appeared to be holding some sort of posture: his legs were spread somewhat wider than his shoulders, his knees bent to the point that his thighs, which seemed as thick and powerful as tree trunks, were parallel to the damp tile floor. His back was perfectly straight and rock-steady. His bald head was completely motionless, the diffuse low amperage light bulb that hung from the ceiling above him throwing an indistinct yellow sheen on his skull. There were two long white ribbons tossed over his right shoulder, tied ornately together with thin, short lengths of brown and red leather strung with intricately designed beads. It came to her that those weren’t white ribbons, but finely braided hair.
The dishwasher hadn’t heard their approach and continued washing dishes, his arms moving with a perfect, swift, relentless motion, as if he were some sort of completely integrated machine. Melody found she couldn’t look away from him.
Behind her, Mr. Conor loudly cleared his throat.
The flawless motions of the dishwasher slowed perceptibly, as though an invisible knob that controlled his speed had been carefully turned down, as though the internal momentum of the machine controlling him was tremendous and needed time to properly decelerate. Those motions continued slowing, slowing, slowing to a crawl … ceased altogether. The dishwasher lowered the pan he was holding and then brought his hands to his sides, his legs bent as deeply as ever…. He remained perfectly still for what seemed to be minutes, but Melody wasn’t sure. Her heart was thumping wildly in her chest; she felt herself shaking with fright—
From behind her, an Irishman: “I am here, Melody Singleton. There is nothing to fear.”
The dishwasher rose slowly, straightening his powerful legs; and then, as if made of a single, massive gear, he turned until he faced them.
Mr. Conor said, “Harry, this is Melody Singleton. This is the … student I told you about. Melody, this … this is Harry Chin.”
Melody gave the slightest of nods and forced a nervous, close-lipped smile to her mouth.
Harry Chin stared at her math teacher briefly, and then gradually brought his attention to her. The dishwasher was a short man, maybe two or three inches past five feet—Melody’s height at best. He had strong Asian features, his eyes dark slits, his skin yellow. The twin strands of his pearly-white beard fell down the barrel of his chest and beyond, perhaps half as long as he was tall. He brought his gaze to Melody and then began walking towards her, his face completely expressionless, his black eyes—
She gasped. His black eyes had no whites in them, and no pupils—
—and Melody found she could not break the stare, and knew somehow very deep inside herself it would be pointless to even try. Harry Chin continued approaching her until he was perhaps a foot or less from her. But she hadn’t noticed. Harry Chin’s eyes held her completely transfixed. She hadn’t noticed that the kitchen, Mr. Conor, the Pier, the planet … had disappeared. She had fallen into the dishwasher’s eyes as into a bottomless well…. She was falling, weightless, losing sense of herself with every passing moment….
She found herself floating … swimming … in limitless twilit stillness, perfectly clear, tranquil as the deepest sleep. She breathed, but her lungs felt as though she could inhale forever; when she exhaled it felt as though she could create whole hurricanes with the slightest of efforts. She felt the blood pulsing in her veins, as if she could identify every single red blood cell in her body: blood as vibrant and energetic and dense as the fiery matter in the heart of a star. Her eyes … her eyes felt like they could see anything, eyes like twin beams of solid light, powered and connected to a source of awareness so vast she felt herself vanishing to utter insignificance when she moved into it. There was music playing somewhere … everywhere … it was … it was the melody! It was the melody she had heard inside her spirit her entire life! It was incredible, beautiful, beyond beautiful … a symphony that filled her senses to overflowing, to bursting, her spirit lifted and transformed until it felt as if she were the music…. And suddenly, in that single tick between two anonymous seconds unchained from eternity, and therefore forgotten immediately afterward, the music’s ultimate meaning became crystal clear to her. The immensity of it. The responsibility. The courage she would need! It was too much! She shrank into that immensity, the music silenced, and then shrank further still. Blind fear shot through her—she was going to disappear from existence! From the very core of her being she cried out desperately, pushing violently against the lightless void that threatened to consume her totally—
—and the completely black, pupilless eyes were back. Melody gasped—and in that tiny instant she thought she saw those eyes widen very slightly in surprise. Harry Chin held her gaze for a few moments longer, and then looked up at Mr. Conor behind her. The dishwasher nodded once: three inches down, three inches up, like a sphinx in wintertime. She heard her teacher whisper incredulously: “I’ve never seen anything like that….” And then, as Melody’s mind reeled and as she fought to make sense of what just happened, he added quickly, “Harry—thank you. My dear, let us be going. Your mother must be wondering where you are …”
He led her quickly back down the corridor and outside to the railing at the end of the Pier, the dishwasher staring unblinkingly after her as she left. Her mother was just rounding the restaurant’s corner as Mr. Conor closed the back door. She waved with a smile.
“Sorry,” she said, approaching, “got caught up in conversation with Alexandre at Surfing Bessie’s. Anybody want a cone? My treat …”
The calamari stain was still on her blouse and pants, surrounded by a larger blotch of dark, which must’ve been the water she had applied to it. But Melody hadn’t really noticed. The puzzling, mind-boggling encounter with the dishwasher had felt like it had taken days—but less than ten minutes had passed.
~~*~~
They strolled down the nearly empty Pier towards the plaza. Mr. Conor was very quiet, but both Melody and Maggie could sense something like great relief in him, mixed with tightly held elation, mixed with an almost terrifying sense of foreboding. He walked straight, just behind them, saying very little, his already intense eyes seemingly twice so.
The bright overhead orange lamps that lined the north side of the Pier were flashing on, one by one. Melody once again mulled over her experience in the restaurant’s kitchen with the odd, mute dishwasher: What just happened? It was like she had blacked out and had gone … somewhere else. Somewhere very peaceful, somewhere very joyous—that she remembered; that she was certain of. But she panicked. And that panic brought her back. She was certain of that, too.
She wrenched her attention back to her mom, who was asking Mr. Conor not to use Melody’s nickname at school; and he was responding with, “Of course not, of course not. Only during roll call, that’ll be the only time, I promise—but with the gym teacher’s megaphone, as some students have hearing difficulties …” and turned to beg him herself—
“Mr. Conor!”
Melody saw them wing into view from beyond the eerie orange glow of the lamps—seagulls. Four very large ones, flying in an impossibly tight formation, an angry white streak aimed directly for his head. In that millisecond she saw a black marking on their chests—a flat ring covered in flames and a broadsword thrust down through its center—but then the gulls had closed the distance between the gloom beyond the railing and her teacher’s skull. The lead gull shrieked—a shriek Melody had never heard from any kind of bird ever—a shriek of fearsome hatred—and then they were swarming over him, pecking madly, swooping up and then down again. Mr. Conor yelled, waving his arms over his head for protection. Melody screamed. Her mother yelled “Aedan!” and pulled her away while at the same time tearing off her sweater and wading back into the fray, waving it into the maddened attackers. The birds were screaming their hatred of Melody’s mother now—one came in with a great vertical dive, aiming straight for her head. Melody screamed, “Momma!”—
And then they were there: terns. At least half a dozen materialized from seemingly nowhere. Their sleek, virgin-white bodies were silent streaks of deadly accuracy. They attacked the seagulls ferociously and noiselessly, diving in with great speed, only to curve impossibly out of the way of a stabbing, screeching counterattack, only to swerve in again to Mr. Conor’s defense. They attacked without a sound, while the gulls’ hatred was unearthly and deafening, so much so that Melody had to cover her ears.
The seagulls were no match for the terns. One gull was flapping on the Pier as though in a seizure, two terns on top of it, pecking at it with a rapid and mindful military order that made Melody’s stomach lurch. Her mother was standing over Mr. Conor, who was half sitting, half lying beneath her; she was still waving away the gulls, which finally went on the retreat, hotly pursued by the remaining terns. Melody could not see the ongoing battle past the orange lights and into the blackness over the ocean beyond, but she could hear it clearly: the shrieks of hate were now shrieks of defeated pain....
Her mother was bent over Mr. Conor, who was propped up on one arm. He gave a bass roar of great pain … and Melody shrank back with a whimper…. Others on the Pier were running towards them, running to help, Alexandre, Surfing Bessie’s owner, among them—
As she did within the magical gaze of the dishwasher, Melody cried out and pushed against her fear. A second later she was sprinting for her math teacher too. But she stopped cold.
Mr. Conor’s face was covered in blood, his neck bleeding freely, his ear appearing torn, his clothing spattered and soaked in dark red … one eye was cut and closed and swelling hugely. His shirt was tattered at the shoulder, as if he had just fought a losing battle with a paper shredder. Her mother was on her cell phone to 9-1-1, yelling into it for help….
Mr. Conor reached up to Melody suddenly and grasped her hand so tightly it hurt. His hand was wet with blood. He bellowed in pain again and then said, staring into her eyes, “It was worth it, goddamnit … It—was—worth—it.”



Chapter 5
Mysteries
The mournful howl of sirens had sounded almost before Maggie had turned off her cell phone call to 9-1-1. The fire truck came within five minutes, followed closely by the ambulance and the sheriff. The sirens sounded scarily alien against the peaceful background roar of the incoming surf in the blackness beyond the Pier. The emergency vehicles left the street, jumping the curb to the plaza, passing the multicolored arches heralding visitors to Imperial Beach and pulling up to the very foot of the Pier. Paramedics spilled from the ambulance and fire truck; they hustled up the first two hundred feet or so of the Pier to the large man lying in the middle of the walkway there, Melody and her mom by his side. The emergency medical technicians ushered them out of the way, then stooped over Aedan Conor, shielding him from view.  
“I don’t need ye wankers swarming over me,” he growled. “It’s a couple of damn scratches is all—OUCH! —that’s my skull, Billigan—AAAAAARGH! —I’ve been in far worse scrapes than this and never needed ye nancy boys…. Maggie, you really—AAAAAAAARGH! —you didn’t need to call 9-1-1, I’m perfectly fine, nothing a little Bactine and a Band-Aid or two won’t heal—OUCH! —you’re all thumbs there, Doby—and let me remind ye once more, mate, that’s my skull you’re mucking around with!”
Melody shuddered when they suddenly pressed him onto his back, a paramedic saying firmly to him, “Mr. Conor, we need to ask you to calm down and stop resisting us—we think one of the cuts on your neck may have nicked your carotid artery, and further movement might rupture it completely….”
Maggie had heard, too. She gasped. She’d been speaking to the sheriff, a stout, angry-looking middle-aged man with a severe buzz cut, whose professional stoicism seemed shaken by the fact that it hadn’t been thugs that did this, but—seagulls? Melody wheeled about. Mr. Conor was very quiet now as the medical personnel busily immobilized him, their voices low, their hands covered in thin white rubber gloves, now stained purplish-red. Her stomach turned over: despite the fact that she couldn’t see her teacher, she could see the growing pool of blood that had formed beneath him: blood that ran in thin magenta streamers away from where he lay and down wooden planks at his side to the cracks between them, to drain silently into the indifferent ocean twenty feet below. Melody’s mother impatiently concluded her interview with the sheriff and then stooped over one of the men working on Mr. Conor to say, “Aedan, don’t worry, we’ll be right behind the ambulance....”
A small crowd of onlookers had gathered, held back by the sheriff’s deputy, who had pulled into the plaza during Maggie’s interview with the sheriff himself. The sheriff then interviewed Melody briefly—she barely paid attention to his questions, watching instead as the ambulance backed directly onto the Pier until it was just a few feet from the busily working emergency personnel. Mr. Conor was now on a silver gurney and being wheeled noisily towards the vehicle’s open rear doors, its revolving emergency lights like rapidly whirling lighthouse beacons, mixing with those atop the sheriffs’ vehicles and glancing brightly off the nearby buildings lining the beach. Melody and her mom crowded as close to the gurney as they could, attempting to look over the shoulders of the paramedics. 
Mr. Conor’s head was buried in orange foam padding, his forehead covered in white gauze. His body was wrapped in a thin blue sheet. He was thoroughly cocooned, so tightly in fact Melody doubted he’d be able to squirm an inch in any direction. He appeared quite groggy. His one good eye (the other was covered in blood-soaked gauze) was staring at Melody intently, a stark beam of emerald determination. As she watched, his mouth widened into a gruesome grin, his face and gray beard painted with flecks of blood. Melody felt like bursting into tears right there, but didn’t want her teacher to feel any worse than he already did. With great effort she tried nodding and smiling reassuringly at him, but now he was whispering something—to her…. She pulled away from her mom, ignoring her protests, and pushed through the huddled mass to her geometry teacher. “What, Mr. Conor...?”
The metallic clattering of the swiftly moving gurney over the knotted planks of the Pier made it nearly impossible to hear him, to his low voice, but somehow she caught it anyway:
“I want that proof on my desk first thing Monday morning, ye understand?”
Melody nodded mechanically, trying to stop the tears brimming in her eyes from spilling over. Then her mother had her by the arm, urging her, “Melody, come! The house is five blocks away and we walked here, remember? Let’s hurry now—”
And then they were half walking, half running up the silent and familiar beachside streets leading away from the Pier and towards home. The sea breezes had abated entirely, as though holding back in shared worry, making the sounds of rapidly diminishing sirens that much more stark and frightening. The way back seemed to take an eternity, and now it was Melody who was leading the way, tightly gripping her mother’s wrist and saying impatiently, “Momma, come on!”
They never set foot inside their small home on Edgemont Street but immediately climbed inside the old Toyota sedan parked in the driveway. It backed quickly into the dark road, and with a staccato screech! lurched forward, disappearing into the night.
The emergency room at Scripps Chula Vista Hospital was eight miles away. It seemed like eight hundred. Then … the interminable wait inside its sickly gray-white confines, with its uncomfortable black plastic chairs, the stacks of old magazines on veneer-covered coffee tables, the depressing lime-green artificial plants placed here and there, the television propped in a forgotten ceiling corner blaring reruns and infomercials. There were the occasional bursts of activity as new patients were hurried in on gurneys, surrounded by medical personnel; the heavy silence immediately after those bursts pushed through wide, swinging emergency-room doors would slam down upon Melody’s head like a mallet, leaving only the dull drone of the television above her. 
She hated this place. She sank her head to her mother’s shoulder and closed her eyes, wishing Yaeko was with her. She could feel her mom press her lips to her head.
Three hours that felt like three days later—and finally a very slender, very young-looking doctor pushed open those large swinging doors and strode quickly over to them. He was dressed in green surgical scrubs and looked tired and impatient. “Are you the acquaintances of Aedan Conor?” he asked without introducing himself.
“We’re his friends, yes,” Maggie responded.
He brusquely pushed aside a teetering pile of old magazines sitting on the coffee table in front of them, causing two or three to spill to the tile floor. He sat on the cleared area and leaned forward, his eyes narrowing, as though trying to make out the picture on a television with poor reception. He nodded curtly to Melody before looking back at her mother and saying, “Now what was it again that attacked him...?”
“Seagulls.” Both mother and daughter spoke in unison. Then Melody added quickly: “There were four of them. Big ones. With black markings on their chests, like a sword or something.”
The doctor looked down his nose at her. “Black—?” He dismissed the statement outright, glanced at her mother. “Seagulls. You’re sure of this?” he asked incredulously.
Maggie’s irritation was plainly evident in her voice. “Of course I’m sure, Doctor—?”
“Punaho—”
“—I was trying to get them off him, Doctor Punaho. Like my daughter said, they were larger than normal, however, and—”
“—and they had black markings on their chest, Momma, like I said, don’t forget—”
Young Doctor Punaho leaned forward as if abruptly pushed, clasped his hands. “What were these markings, exactly?”
Melody felt as though the doctor was merely humoring her. His face clearly held disdain in it, as if he were humoring a little girl, not worthy of much attention beyond her obvious attempt to get some here.
“B-Black markings,” she stammered. “A sword ... through … an ellipse. A ring. W-With flames on it …”
He glanced at Melody’s mom. “You saw these markings too?”
“I’m not sure what I saw,” Maggie replied. “I was just trying to get the damn things away from him.”
“How is he?” Melody asked, sick of the suspense, and sick of being treated condescendingly.
“Well …” Doctor Punaho sighed, then gave a fatigued shrug. “He suffered numerous cuts, ten or so requiring multiple stitches. Whatever attacked him had razor-sharp claws or talons or ...” He rubbed his chin, thinking. “…but I’ve never heard of any species of seagull with obvious human markings, or talons, let alone ones sharp enough to cut through tempered glass—”
Melody stopped breathing.
Doctor Punaho continued, his voice now assuming that profession impassivity that announced he was no longer curious about the attack that occurred earlier in the evening and would now only report on its grim consequences:
“That said, his left ear was severely lacerated—several cuts went completely through it—but the greatest damage by far was centered on his neck, as if—”
“As if they were specifically aiming for his neck,” Maggie nodded.
“Yes. And in fact one … talon—or whatever it was—came within half a millimeter of Mr. Conor’s carotid artery. Had it actually cut the artery Mr. Conor would have likely bled out before the paramedics arrived. He’s lucky to be alive, quite frankly …”
Melody brought her hands to her mouth, her mother shaking her head in awed disbelief. Melody found herself reliving the attack for the fiftieth time that evening. The birds had appeared from seemingly nowhere, a white streak of purposeful hate. She thought of the seagulls over Mr. Conor’s head as he approached their table earlier … precise, orderly, almost military in their guardlike attention to the man below…. 
The doctor was saying, “… he’s lost some blood, enough for us to keep him overnight for observation. And he’s in considerable pain …” He shook his head again. “Seagulls….” After a moment’s silence, as if considering an implacable problem, he added, “Something else: the seagulls’—or whatever they were—their claws seemed to be tipped with a … a poison of some sort. Its composition is unknown, but what we do know is it seems to stimulate the nerves around an injury hugely, causing tremendous pain … like pouring lemon juice on a cut—”
Both Melody and her mom winced, her mom hissing between clenched teeth.
“Of course, we’re having it tested; we still—”
“Is he going to be all right?” Maggie asked urgently. Melody nodded, waiting …
“We think so,” said Dr. Punaho. “Again, we’re keeping him overnight, just in case. It will be longer, of course, if the poison in his system turns out to be a lethal dose. But for now, I can tell you Mr. Conor is in stable but serious condition, and is resting as we speak. He’s … a very stubborn individual. We’ve had difficulty getting him to do anything for us.”
“Can we see him?” asked Melody anxiously.
The emergency room doctor glanced quickly at his watch. “No, I’m sorry. Visiting hours ended an hour ago, at ten o’clock. He’s out cold anyway.”
He rose abruptly and nodded, looking at both of them. “Ma’am, Miss. If you’ll excuse me ...”
They sat for a long time without speaking or looking at one another, trying to process all they had seen and heard this evening, the droning of the television above them echoing hollowly in the waiting room. Eventually Maggie said, “Let’s go, love. We can call first thing tomorrow morning. Perhaps if he’s able to leave we can give him a lift home; if not, we’ll pop in as soon as the hospital allows visitors. Come on.”
And now they sat in their living room absentmindedly sipping hot chocolate, each wrapped in her own thoughts. Finally Melody’s mom rose and said, “Bed. I know, I know: we won’t sleep, but we should at least try.” She bent down and kissed Melody’s cheek. They hugged. Her mom said, “What was that you said as we waited for him? ‘This is weird’? Bet you had no idea how ‘weird’ it’d turn out to be!”
Melody didn’t want to let go of her mother. But she did anyway and forced a wan smile to her mouth before saying, “If that’s what a first date is supposed to be like, I’ll skip.”
Her mom’s laugh was genuine. “Didn’t you know? When you turn sixteen you go immediately into the convent in Tijuana. You won’t have to sweat it.”
It was Melody’s turn to giggle.
She turned at her bedroom door a minute later and looked back. “Is he going to be okay, Momma?”
“I think so, Bug. I hope so. Go on. Get to bed. Dream good dreams for him—and absolutely no working on that infernal proof of his.”
~~*~~
Melody couldn’t work on the proof, no way. Maybe in the morning. Maybe. She could if he was all right. She could, she would ...
She also couldn’t dream, because she couldn’t fall asleep. Not for a long, long time.
~~*~~
She was in a vast opalescent blue, brighter and whiter above, becoming steadily darker below. Beneath—far beneath—the blue condensed into a deep cerulean hue, which seemed to swirl just above a layer of total blackness. She was floating again—swimming—in the same place she had been earlier after falling into the gaze of the dishwasher named Harry Chin. But she wasn’t cold—she didn’t feel wet at all—and despite being well beneath the surface had no fear of drowning. In fact, like before, it felt as though her lungs were infinite in capacity within her chest, and when she inhaled, every part of her body inhaled too. The sensation was intensely satisfying, so much so that for a long time she simply focused on her breathing and the joyous thought that if the earth had lungs, this is what it would be like to breathe with them. She thought abstractedly that breathing water felt exactly the same as breathing air, that she couldn’t sense gills or other similar organs on her person.
Her body …
She could no longer sense her arms or legs, but as with the realization that she was underwater, it caused her no panic or even concern whatsoever. She considered how useless arms and legs would be here anyway. Her body felt tremendous, gargantuan.
She took in another great breath (of seawater? Was this the Pacific Ocean?) and tried to picture herself as a thirteen-year-old girl, with arms and legs and tiny air-breathing lungs and silly problems and fears. They seemed light-years distant, as though she were observing them through the lens of a telescope, and with the same detached curiosity. As she exhaled she thought of Mr. Conor, of the attack he suffered. She replayed the events of the evening once more and found herself thinking of death … a truly intriguing phenomenon, really … a mystery … the terminus to life. The futile struggle to forestall it, the intense fear surrounding it … so curious…. And then she knew with a sudden crystalline certainty that that mystery could be solved beneath her, in the blackness far below. Without fear of any kind she dived, her great form effortlessly propelling her deeper and deeper; she sensed the light above fading away, becoming a lonely gray, then a twilight blue, then swallowed away completely. It was as though she swam in a deep, lightless cave, darker than the darkest night.
She took in another vast lungful (gillful?) of …air? water?—and then it was right in front of her: the symbol, the aecxis, the periodless question mark with the curly-Q top, glowing blue and gold. The answer is there, within it, Melody thought. I only need to solve it.
And then she knew exactly how.
For the aecxis was not a symbol of the cold, impersonal mathematics of thought and intellect, of axiom and structure, but of the heart, beyond thought and intellect, beyond axiom, beyond structure. In that very instant, as before in the intense gaze of the dishwasher, she fell inside herself, but instead of vanishing to extinction, of dying, a most incredible thing took place: the beautiful symbol drew near, as if pulled along by her sudden, disappearing sense of self. It came closer, as though under the influence of a magnet or a powerful current within her…. It touched her—
—and brightly flashed out of existence.
And Melody knew the answer had been there all along, not in strenuous effort, not as intellection, but far, far beyond, in the realm where spirit and life fuse: an answer as perfectly clear and orderly as the transparent blue above her, as life-giving as the gestating blackness she swam in now; as satisfying as infinite breath. The answer told her:
Death is an illusion … a transition only….
And now the familiar music was back. That was it! she thought. That’s what I’ve been missing! The symphony she had heard in her spirit her entire life filled it like her lungs filled with life-giving oxygen, sweeping it upward in its innocent joy and passion.
She was leaving the blackness below her, the symphony buoying her blissfully upward. She passed through twilight blue into the turquoise blue of a mid-afternoon day in summertime, to a shimmering, shallow heavenly white …
She found herself floating on her back on the calm, glassy surface of the sea, miles from anywhere, peering upward at the sky, a boundless azure dome painted with angelic wisps of frozen clouds miles and mile above. The overwhelming sense of her own vastness was gone; she was merely human now; but her diminution didn’t frighten or concern her, nor the fact that she was far, far from home, floating in the middle of the ocean. There was no danger here, no questions, no past, no future. Melody somehow couldn’t feel it, and it wasn’t important, but she knew she was smiling. She closed her eyes.
~~*~~
She was back in her bedroom. She lay very still, savoring the warm feeling that a deep sleep always brings, sensing her breath, how regular and effortless it was. She wished she could drop back off into slumber. It was drizzling outside; she could hear the steady drip-drip-drip of water as it trickled off the roof. After listening contentedly for a while, she turned her head slightly to look at the time. 1:25 p.m. She had slept through the morning and into the early afternoon.
She came up with a start, the events of the past evening rudely jarring her awake. She jumped out of bed and burst into the dining nook seconds later, where her mother was sitting at the table reading Wolfe’s Field Guide to Pacific Coast Seagulls.
“Momma,” Melody said, exasperated, “why didn’t you wake me up? Mr. Conor—”
Her mother looked up from her reading and smiled. “Good morn—er—afternoon to you too, Bug.” And before Melody could chastise her further, added, “You were out, Mellow Yellow. I tried waking you at seven—repeatedly—but you just would not budge.”
But Melody had barely heard her mom’s words, for the awesome dream had just flooded her memory … the floating … the complete calm …
“Anyway,” her mom was saying,  “I called the hospital at 6:30, but the on-duty nurse—a real winner, I tell ya—she said—and you won’t believe this—that Mr. Conor just up and walked out of the intensive care unit! Said she had never seen anything like it in her entire life!”
… the feeling of breathing for an entire world, the looming, mysterious blackness rising to engulf her as she swam down towards it …
“Apparently—like he was leaving a business meeting or something—he called a cab! Can you believe it? The nurses, of course, tried stopping him—yeah, right! The on-duty nurse groused that she had never met a more taciturn, crabby, belligerent patient, was glad to see him go, ‘miraculous recovery’ or not….”
… the music!—the music of her lifetime, music as expansive as her lungs, joyous, innocent…. The—Melody caught her breath—the aecxis….
“I tried calling his home, but his number’s unlisted, of course…. I imagine that’s just standard practice for all teachers these days…. Oh—I called Elizabeth too. I told her you’d be at violin practice tomorrow morning, no ifs, ands, or buts. Yaeko is such an amazingly sweet girl; she told Elizabeth she wants to play another recital for us this next weekend …”
… the solution …
The solution!
“Mellow Yellow?”
Melody looked at her mother as though meeting her for the first time. She stood frozen in the middle of the kitchen in her pajamas, as if any movement whatever would steal from her what she now possessed ...
“Honey? Are you okay? Melody?”
Her heart thumped like a drum in her chest. She blinked several times in rapid succession, and heavily, as if staring into a sandstorm. Then, when she felt she could devote at least part of her attention to something else without losing this tremendous revelation, she smiled with cautious effort and said, “Yeah … I, uh—yeah. Good. Good. I mean—I’m sorry about Mr. Conor…. He’ll look horrible tomorrow at school … Should we get him a card, you think? ... Yaeko? Yeah. I’ve got to tell her someth—… Maybe—er … I’ve … got … something … I’ve ... got ...”
“Honey, you’re scaring me. What’s on your mind?” Her mom rose and stood before her, concern etched on her face. She reached a hand out, pressed her palm against her forehead. “You’re warm. Feeling okay?”
She had it now, she knew. She had it! She shifted her stare to her mother’s eyes, which were full of motherly worry.
“I’m—I’m fine, Momma, really.”
Her mother pulled her into a hug. “You said you’ve ‘got something.’ What is it you’ve ‘got’?”
“You’re reading a book … on birds?” Melody knew she couldn’t talk about the aecxis, not without freaking her mother completely out.
Her mom kissed her cheek. “Yeah … I went out to get some groceries and found myself at the bookstore instead. I was thinking I could learn about seagulls. I’ve never heard of any gulls that would attack without provocation—or had talons. Or black markings of a sword through a flaming ring. The doctor last night got me to thinking about it. It kept me up all night, I think.” She grinned wistfully.
Melody pulled back. “Momma … I’ve got … I’ve got a ton of homework ...”
“Ah.” She chuckled. “That’s what you’ve ‘got.’ That damn proof.” She sighed. “Shall I bring in an intravenous drip now or after you collapse from exhaustion?”
Melody kissed her cheek quickly and rushed back to her bedroom, closing the door behind her. Her purple backpack lay at the foot of her bed. She sat and unzipped it impatiently, fumbling inside it, fishing for her geometry folder, her hand shaking. 
There. She yanked the folder free of her other books and folders and out of the pack. Opened it. Aside from the class syllabus, the proof was the only thing inside it. She breathlessly pulled it out. The diagram of the broken triangle stared back at her, as did the neatly-drawn aecxis beneath it. Without looking she reached down into the pouch of her backpack and fished a pencil out of it. She steadied herself, focusing on the symbol …
Soon the periodless question mark with the curly-Q top began twisting and writhing, as it always had. She cautiously closed her eyes (knowing somehow it was the right thing to do) and recalled her dream … the sensations of total peace … of absolute serenity … of the music—her music. She held to those feelings, to the symphony, and slowly opened her eyes. The aecxis, unlike before, had not returned to its static, pencil-drawn state as it had when Melody had taken her eyes off it in times past, but now seemed even more alive, glowing faintly gold, beautiful to behold. She absentmindedly dropped the pencil she was barely grasping and, with her index finger outstretched tentatively, pointed towards the symbol, which now appeared to be floating inches off the page.
At the last instant before she touched it, the aecxis flashed a brilliant white, a tiny supernova, and disappeared into her finger.
She sat, astonished. She closely examined her finger, then the page, and then her finger again. She had felt nothing as the symbol disappeared into it; for a moment she entertained for one final time the thought that she was going mad. But no … plainly, the graphite mark that denoted the odd, periodless question mark that was the symbol, and which her teacher had placed there with his own pencil, was now missing, as though it had never existed.
She gingerly set the page on her lap after several minutes, as though handling a very fragile object. She then gently extended her index finger again and pointed it at the “broken” triangle, letting it come very close to touching one of the line segments that made it up. She considered the proof. What was it supposed to look like when “solved”? She knew, of course: she was supposed to mend the broken triangle, to make it whole!
At that very moment, as she thought that very thought, and with her eyes wide as saucers, the same brilliant light flashed at her fingertip: the fantastic symbol was back; but when it touched the paper it suddenly splintered into dozens of tiny symbols, all seemingly different. They fed quickly into the segment her finger was closest to ...
As she watched, open-mouthed, the segment began to move. It joined seamlessly with the closest end of the split segment—more tiny floating aecxes flowed out of the end, disappearing into the next segment … the segments flowed together, joining, becoming one…. And now there was a simple angle: two rays joined together at a newly formed vertex, and one more segment still unattached to it…. But now those tiny symbols were flowing into both of its ends as they spilled out of the rays that made up the angle, like water from miniature irrigation pipes … the last loose segment began to move, drawing closer, shrinking to fit the width of the angle … the ends flowed with aecxes, now closing into the rays … the graphite darkened slightly—
—and a sudden, dazzling, minute star appeared again, and with movement almost too fast to follow, tore around the completed figure, a perfect equilateral triangle, before disappearing altogether. The aecxis was gone.
Melody sat for a very long time, stunned, staring downward at the completed proof.



Part II
~the young master~



ii.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
--Albert Camus
If the sky can crack
there must be some way back
to love and all we love …
--U2



Chapter 6
Twin Angels
Yaeko Mitsaki won her first national violin contest at the age of nine. Competing against hundreds of other students, some twice her age and older, her rendition of L.V. Beethoven’s Violin Romance No. 2 on the stage of Tokyo’s Meiji Park Amphitheatre in front of ten thousand stunned patrons left them, at least initially, in astonished silence as she completed its final, ardent movement. But that silence didn’t last long: a great noise, like an approaching avalanche, grew in volume with each passing second, until it drowned out everything else in the amphitheatre. The crowd was on their feet, vigorously applauding the pretty young girl before them. Yaeko Mitsaki blushed furiously in response, looking resolutely at her violin instead of at the audience, her smile nervous and faltering. 
Shortly thereafter, critics began hailing Yaeko Mitsaki as “the Young Master,” writing that her delicate sense of nuance and emotion was like that of a “broken-hearted butterfly alighting on a spring rose in Heaven’s very garden,” her intensity a “supernova exploding amid the toneless gray of banality.” An extremely shy, soft-spoken girl, “the Young Master” utterly transformed on stage. Her eyes ablaze with passion, she played the violin as if it were an extension of her very being, as if it were her only means of true expression—as if each piece, each movement, each note would be her very last. All other times, it seemed, she stayed completely silent, her eyes kept down and away from the many admiring glances of strangers. After several performances broadcast live on Japanese national television shortly after the contest, it became almost impossible to avoid those stares. Yaeko Mitsaki fan clubs began springing up everywhere, along with many devoted fanzines and websites. Requests for interviews constantly poured in, as well as a burgeoning crowd of autograph seekers, who seemed to follow the Young Master’s every movement, who knew exactly where she was going to appear and when. On her tenth birthday her parents, both obscure civil engineers working for the Japanese government, signed their daughter to a multimillion-dollar recording contract, in addition to twenty international tour dates with the Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra. Despite the general decline in popularity of classical music, Yaeko Mitsaki’s performances were regularly featured on pop music stations, her appearances sold out weeks in advance. And though Yaeko was painfully shy, she still sat through many interviews, becoming very gradually more comfortable with them, with one well-known interviewer, famous for gleefully tearing up big television and film stars on the set of his show, beaming at her at the interview’s end, completely won over by her, calling her “a delightful, supremely gifted wonder.” Yaeko Mitsaki posters were doing a brisk business in music stores, the bestselling of them featuring a close-up of the Young Master, her bright eyes wide and intense with zeal as she played in a recent performance in Amsterdam. Surrounding her were other great violinists throughout history: Viotti, Spohr, Paganini, De Beriot, Bull, Bell. The caption at the poster’s bottom read: FIDDLING WITH ETERNITY.
A year later, Izumi Ishikawa, preeminent critic for Classical Essence magazine, scheduled an interview, his first, with Yaeko in advance of her latest release, a compendium of famous violin solos from the last three centuries titled Sacred Solos by Yaeko Mitsaki. Izumi arrived at the Mitsaki home half an hour early. The sounds of Yaeko’s violin could be heard coming from an unseen room adjacent to where he was seated with her parents in their sitting room. As Izumi Ishikawa made polite conversation with them, his attention kept turning to the music flowing from behind the closed door nearby. Though muffled somewhat, the music was still surprisingly clear. The melody was expansive yet innocent, driving yet unassuming, simple yet profoundly eloquent. As he listened, increasingly torn from making good social graces and holding up his end of the conversation, Izumi found himself swept away by Yaeko’s playing…. He imagined a great forest at twilight, as seen from a high cliffside, his heart delighting at the rich, muted colors: the dome of softening blue sky above, sketched patchy white here and there; the whisper of green-black pine below as the invisible life within it settled for sleep…. Yaeko’s inspired playing seemed to coax him into feeling that an entire orchestra was accompanying her: he could “hear” the other strings, the horns, the woodwinds, the percussion; he could sense exactly where they’d come in, what they would play. It shocked him then: he could not imagine existence without this glorious melody in it, as if it had always been there, as if it were a singular force of existence itself: a physical law, like gravity…. His mind felt suddenly scrambled as it reasserted itself in a strenuous effort to identify the composer.
Later, as Yaeko sat with her parents to begin the interview, Izumi asked her gently, “That was very, very beautiful, Yaeko. Who was it? Ludwig? Amadeus? Bach? Some obscure work by Vivaldi? Surely not Handel or Schubert or Mendelssohn…. It seems incredible, but I am not at all familiar with the composer.”
Yaeko, blushing and staring at her knees, grinned shyly. She shrugged very slightly, but did not answer. Her father, smiling and nodding proudly while glancing at her, said, “She is too modest, Mr. Ishikawa. It is hers. She tells us it is nearly completed. She has been working on it for over three years now.”
The hairs on the back of his neck came to life, stood on end. His background, experience, and credentials had granted him access to the finest classical musicians in the world for thirty-five years, but in all that time he had never heard anything—anything—like that.
His interview, which ran in the August 2002 issue of Classical Essence magazine, featured the writing of a man never before prone to effusive praise of any kind, but which included this passage as part of its conclusion:
“It happens only a scant handful of times every two or three centuries or so: the natural but very rare confluence of supreme creative talent, a supportive, disciplined, uplifting environment, great patience and resolve, an intense desire to excel, and the adequate niche in time or, for the purposes of our analogy, vessel, into which all these may flow together like a pure spring river, to mix completely and gel—not into something hard and unyielding, but alive, free, simple, supple—and astonishingly brilliant. Legend has it Mozart learned to compose by the age of five; Mendelssohn had committed all of Beethoven’s symphonies to memory by age eight; and Menuhin, that most brilliant of the previous century’s violinists, performed Lalo’s Symphonie Espagnole when he also was but eight. We are blessed that just such a vessel has filled to overflowing in our own time, and has given us this angel. But perhaps I should back up: for supreme talent, the right environment, along with the remaining (and very necessary) factors coming together at a propitious moment in time are clearly not enough. These hard to find—and even harder to nurture—ingredients need one more to catalyze the whole mixture, and that last ingredient is love. Observe, if you will: for all are present here, assimilating perfectly, and in perfect measure each. My advice: stand back from the beaker! For if you have been dazzled thus far, you haven’t seen—or heard—anything yet….”
Three weeks after Izumi Ishikawa’s piece was published, he quit his lifelong career as a classical music journalist and returned to the Mitsaki home, asking the Young Master’s parents if he could be her manager. He would do it for free, he told them: he had enough money to last him comfortably the rest of his life: he had pursued musical perfection for nearly four decades, and now that he had glimpsed it only wished to help nurture and protect it. After meeting with Yaeko’s young teacher, Amon Fujiwara, Izumi was hired on the spot, and for nearly double what he had made as managing editor and senior staff writer for Classical Essence magazine.
In early December of 2002 Sacred Solos by Yaeko Mitsaki, already a million-seller in Japan, was nominated for four Grammy Awards, including Best Album of the Year and Best Artist of the Year. Japanese newspapers exploded with the news, splashing Yaeko’s picture across the front page, complete with her many accomplishments and biography. Japanese music critics endlessly broke down Yaeko’s competition, with an obvious and proud bias, as much as pronouncing Yaeko the winner in each of the categories she was selected, stating that any other outcome would be a travesty of justice and mark the awards ceremony as an outright fraud. Yaeko had just returned from another international tour, visiting such places as Moscow, Russia, and Johannesburg, South Africa, where she met the leaders of both countries, both of whom seemed to hold her in the same reverence as her most enthusiastic fans back home.
In early January, Yaeko spent a morning on the set of the popular Saturday children’s program “Roxy and Soxy,” where she played a short two-minute ditty by Joseph Hadyn after being interviewed by the show’s three young hosts. Then she patiently signed autographs, surrounded by a hundred kids, all wielding pen and paper. Izumi stood patiently and protectively over her shoulder, smiling tenderly. After a magical afternoon at a local amusement park, Izumi whisked Yaeko away to mid-town Tokyo for an appearance at Youth Spectrum Superstars, where she was to accept an award at their annual ceremony that evening. Youth Spectrum Superstars was a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing disadvantaged or troubled youth shining, same-age examples of excellence and education. It was an organization Yaeko took great delight participating in, as she always felt unpressured and unhurried while working under their kindly auspices. She spent the rest of the day there, first at the program’s school, where she sat with ten-year-olds, showing them the basics of violin; and then at the awards ceremony itself, where the audience gave her a standing ovation as she shyly hefted the heavy gold trophy the emcee had presented to her. Yaeko blushed characteristically as cameras flashed in staccato bursts of brilliance all around her. Izumi then ushered her and her teacher out of the building and into a waiting limousine, where her beaming parents awaited. They kissed her and held her close, she remembered…. 
But that wasn’t what Yaeko remembered most of all. Yaeko would never forget Izumi’s eyes as she sat in the limo and he pulled her into a proud, joyful embrace as well. Eyes so full of joy, so full of pride—but, suddenly, fear too: a veil of terror that burrowed straight into her heart and held her fast in its icy grip. It lasted only half a moment, but it was a whisper of time so potent she knew it would stay with her the rest of her life. Her hands balled convulsively in his palms, and in the very next instant he pulled her close again, as if to hide that terror from her. He whispered into her ear: “Never mind an old man, my dear …” He pulled back, grasping her shoulders, as if testing them for heft and durability; he gently cupped her face in one hand, smiling wistfully. Yaeko’s heart was beating very rapidly now, but in the next moment her parents had latched back onto her and the moment had passed, as a nightmare passes with waking. Izumi’s eyes, however, remained bright with an alien wonder mixed with something she had never seen before. It was difficult to peer into them as she had with ease countless times in the past. The limousine was off, and then Yaeko was relaxing with the four people she enjoyed most in the world … and now Izumi’s reserved, dignified, and serene countenance had returned, making her feel better. Her day had been perfect, and now she could enjoy the rest of the evening with the people she loved most in the world.
These four adults were her best friends. In truth, she preferred the company of these individuals to that of her few same-age friends. She found her greatest joy simply being among them, especially when they were all together like this. They enjoyed each other’s company, laughing easily and often with one another; they never indulged in petty games of power or one-upmanship; they refused to offer intimate details of her life or their own to the public, and—best of all—they absolutely refused to treat her like some prima donna by pampering and fawning over her. Yaeko knew if she was the violinist in this quintet, that these four she cherished so much were chairing equally important instruments, each essential to the composition’s ultimate perfection; that without even one of them the piece would fail utterly, would be incomplete and meaningless.
As the limousine gathered speed, Yaeko glanced up at Izumi. The city of Tokyo tore out of sight from behind his head, as though he were advancing towards her from a kaleidoscopic sea of glittering neon gems. He wore a warm smile on his face now; and she could hear over the rising crescendo of the limo’s engine that he was humming her melody…. Her mother grasped her hand in both of hers…. Yaeko remembered inhaling then—it felt suddenly quite intensely wonderful, as though she was breathing with her entire being, as though the earth had just given her its very lungs…. She turned, smiling widely with delight at her mother, ready to share this amazing feeling—but was abruptly blinded by twin yellow stars that were growing brighter and larger by the nanosecond just past her mother’s head, beyond the tinted window of the limousine. The two stars rushed towards her with awful speed, splitting apart, wider and wider, as if thrown at her by an angry god. Yaeko jerked away, shrieking—Izumi’s eyes were screwed shut! —Beside her, her mother screamed in terror—the limousine lurched violently sideways—agony flashed in her hips—
—Blackness.—
~~*~~
It felt as though she was fighting for oxygen under hundreds of miles of soggy woolen blankets. She clawed her way upward, struggling for air, for light: but the blankets were far too many, were too heavy, were too thick … and now she could feel herself fatiguing. She fought blind, mindless panic: her lungs burned for air; her eyelids felt as though they had been stretched to the point of tearing in half and then nailed to her cheeks. She languished in total darkness. Her mind seemed unable to focus, to make sense of what was happening…. And now there were disjointed voices: they filtered down through the miles of blankets, muffled and impossible to hear clearly; and though she couldn’t completely understand them—some seemed total gibberish, like a language she knew she had heard before but could not identify now—others seemed to make a sort of random, distant sense:
“The will is quite clear; we have no choice….”
“— (gibberish)—”
—(sounds of crying and wailing)—
“Who the hell thought of this?”
“... travesty … —challenged in court—”
“— (gibberish for a long time) —”
“… better served in Lausanne … much better care … can’t believe this—he actually thought of it …”
“… damage is too great, no … I’m so sorry … she may never wake up—”
“… she’ll never walk again, certainly not …”
“It’s a miracle she survived at all; let’s just be thankful for that….”
—(more sounds of crying) —
“—(gibberish and crying) —”
The leaden blankets and the desperate efforts to breathe were becoming too much, too much…. The blankets seemed to pull at her ankles thickly, claiming her as their own. She fought and thrashed against them, but couldn’t move—couldn’t breathe! … It felt as if she had been encased in cement and tossed into deep water. She was drowning, sinking rapidly; she felt herself slipping back into that blackness … she was gasping, she was losing consciousness …
—Blackness.—
~~*~~
More noises, but clearer this time, as if the blankets had suddenly thinned ...
A steady monotone beeping …
The sounds of—chirping birds? …
The sounds of even, deep breathing, very close by …
The noise of approaching footsteps, along with the clatter of something like a thin tray held against a moving body … a tray carrying metal …
A long, quiet moment. Then: a sudden sharp twinge in her bottom. She went to slap it away, and found she could not: to her startled horror, she discovered she had no hands or arms to use. Nor could she turn or look up or down or run…. She was disembodied! The pain in her bottom blossomed severely, unbearably—
—She cried out—
She heard a response almost immediately—a woman’s voice, unfamiliar, with an odd, heavy accent:
“Yaeko? Yaeko? Come on, baby girl—come on … come back … we miss you. Come on, Yaeko—fight! Fight your way back….”
But the leaden blankets were suddenly and maddeningly thicker—and growing more so with each passing second. She tried crying out again, the pain beyond human endurance, but it was as if the blankets knew she was going to try and doubled in weight over her. She felt desperate for air; she heaved mindlessly for a sip of it…. But she was sinking again, she felt herself falling back into the bottomless void, hiccupping agonizingly—
—Blackness.—
~~*~~
The blankets were gone ... but the inky gloom surrounding her remained. She felt as though she was floating now: the sensation was so freeing, so open and tranquil that she cried in joy. The blankets were gone: and she knew in that moment, and with a cold, crystalline certainty, that she had to leave the darkness behind as well or risk them coming back—and for good.
She could move! But—she had no idea how to leave this lightless hell, which way to—to swim? —in order to escape it. For several moments she felt her mind freeze with complete panic: with no way of knowing which way to go, how could she escape? The memories of distant voices, of a woman urging her to “come back,” flooded into her mind. But where was she to “come back” from? Wasn’t she already here? Where was “here”? She tried imagining the woman’s voice again. Did it come from an identifiable place, a direction perhaps, beyond this blackness? If so, then she could point herself that way and—swim? —towards it! But try as she might, the memory was too hazy, too distant for her to pinpoint any direction in which to orient herself, as if that voice had been diluted and thinned by a huge, entirely unexperienced swath of time. Fighting a biting despondency, she started swimming (or what felt like swimming) through the sightless void. And then it occurred to her that the reason she couldn’t see was because her eyes were closed!
But she was unable to open them! As before (and as she now was vaguely recalling) her eyes felt nailed shut. She tried reaching for them again—but it became clear: she had no hands to use in order to do so! She had no arms, no legs, nothing! She was “swimming” with her mind alone, and blindly, in a total void, and completely isolated. The thought fueled her growing panic, which sparked long moments of resigned hopelessness, which caused further writhing mentations that felt oddly enough like swimming.
She did not know how long she persisted at this. Days, perhaps. There was no way of knowing. She was alone in her own universe, with her mind at its outer boundaries, and nothing inside but the feeling of death, of staggering loss. She was not hungry or thirsty; she did not need to go to the bathroom. There was only this—this empty, lonely caliginosity … 
—Izumi’s eyes were shut tightly—
—There were bright lights coming towards us—there was the sound of screaming—my screaming—Mother’s screaming—
—There was pain—great pain—and then … this. This. But what is this? Why can’t I understand? Why can’t I hear anything, see anything? Where is Amon?—he was sitting to my left … And where is Father? —
She cried out for them. She cried for them until her head pounded with the effort and her panic left her stupid with fear for long, echoing stretches of deserted time. She knew in her moments of lucidity, which were becoming fewer and stretched more distantly from one another, that she was losing her mind—the last thing she had.
Or—or was it?
But the panic gripped her again, and the eternal blackness washed over her, claiming ever more of her mind, dyeing it darker and darker, just like it. It was infinitely patient, like the deepest ocean. Eventually, there would be nothing more to claim. She’d never be found…. 
When she came out of the panic—days? weeks? —later she nearly missed the thought, which at this point was little more than a vague impression to her: 
Was her mind all she had left?
It had taken her entire will to give that impression language, to even frame it as a question. The blackness was all she knew now: there were only two things in this universe: it and her. And now that blackness was but one answer away from achieving total unity and eliminating forever that which considered herself separate from it. She knew then she had no choice but to discover the answer, for she knew there was no other way to escape it. She knew she could not lie to herself: the lightless void wanted that most of all. The lie would be its own madness, its own defeat. She would have to look into herself with a brutal honesty that offered no guarantees whatsoever and could in fact be her end. With all her will, with all her concentration, she focused.
Was she her mind? Was that all she was? Was there nothing more that defined her, who she was, who she could be? Was there nothing apart from that that could offer her release, liberation?
There was something pricking at her phantom heart, at her unreachable midsection: a feeling of ecstasy mixed with driving determination … it was an old feeling, she knew, but strangely alien now, as if she had suffered some shock that had jarred it loose from her.
Was that what you intended to do, O Angry God, when you threw those twin lights at me? Was that why Izumi had closed his eyes—to avoid your punishment, to save his soul?
His soul …
And then she knew. There it was: that sensation deep, deep within her, at the very bottom of her being. She could not touch it, but she knew that it had saved her. 
Her soul.
She couldn’t be just a mind, just useless swimming in eternal darkness. There was light to be found, but it would never be discovered in this pitiless blackness: she would have to create it herself. And she knew that she had done that many times in the past—even though she couldn’t remember just how she had. But it was there—no, not out there—but … but … in here. In here.
There was a lifetime behind her—her lifetime. There had to be. What did she do with her life? Surely it hadn’t been spent here, not all of it …
And then it came to her.
She remembered reaching for that light as a very young girl, and feeling astonished when she discovered she was reaching for something crafted from her very spirit. When she touched it, her spine tingled with joy, as though she was connecting to something that had been split apart from her, now rediscovered and reclaimed. She grabbed it, knowing almost instinctively how to get it to sing for her, how to get it to speak the unutterable sentences that whispered to her from her soul. It would not take long, she knew, before she could tease those whispers out from the strings, from the fine wood, from the bow, from the inexpressible joy she felt every time she lifted it, every time she went to play it.
No, she was not just her mind. She was much, much more. Infinitely more. And within that joy was a melody, more beautiful than all the rest, that had waited for eternity to speak to the world through her and was simply waiting for her to learn its language, to learn how to speak it.... She had listened to that melody, over and over again, in the open meadows of her spirit, as she slept, as she played with friends, as she watched the birds above her house, as her mother held her close. She listened and grappled with its deceptive simplicity; she struggled to understand its nature. She practiced and practiced and practiced, and then practiced more. That very melody sang triumphantly to her now: deceptive simplicity veiled behind the interlacing tones of stunning complexity. A melody powerful enough to light her way and take her from this place of deathly darkness.
And then it came to her. She was the music. The music was she. And just like that she was no longer blind, her eyes no longer nailed shut. She had sight, as if her victory over her own panic had opened them. She felt herself rising through the darkness, floating upward like a buoy released from the very bottom of the ocean. There was light above, a deep twilit blue … she passed into it, passed through it. The melody transported her towards freedom; it would always be this way; she could save herself with her music ...
She could save the world, too.
She floated to the surface of what she knew now to be a sea, one many, many miles from her home. Despite that, she knew she was safe, totally safe, from harm. The melody had saved her. She could close her eyes without fear and sleep. She would sleep; and when she awoke, the melody told her, she would open her eyes fully to face a challenge beyond any which she could conceive. The melody would go away again—and she’d have to discover it—again: she knew somehow she would not remember this infinitely serene moment in time or her heroic struggle to get here. For now she could simply rest, could breathe, finally free of the suffocating blankets, free of the blindness.
And with that realization the incredible sensation came back—as if she could breathe forever.
Yaeko Mitsaki was the melody, and now the melody could breathe again … and the wisps of white cloud floating miles above her were perfect in their disinterested amusement of the little girl floating tranquilly below them.



Chapter 7
A New, Forgotten Life
Yaeko Mitsaki cried.
She peered out the tall, thin window to the right of her bed. Sunlight streamed through it in a slanting bar of yellow radiance, illuminating her face. The scene without swam in gemlike streaks of early morning light through her tears. Beyond were the many burgundy rooftops of Lausanne, Switzerland, packed tightly together and steep-sided, their brick chimneys issuing lazy tongues of billowing white smoke into the cold, still air. The rooftops stretched out, a study in rectangles and triangles organized in haphazard rows and circles, towards a giant teardrop-shaped lake, much of which was still cut by dawn’s retreating shadows and partly obscured by the spires of a great cathedral. The lake shimmered like a silver mirror, as if waiting for the new day to color it fully. The great lake fronted blue mountains, startling in their suddenness; they rose like tremendous ocean waves, like tsunami, held still by the iron hand of time, as though at any moment she could blink her tears away and find them free once more, rushing to flood her and Lausanne under their enormous, earthy mass. The pine forest beneath the mountains was still gray with sleep and shrouded in shadow. The sun had just risen, the sky cloudless and expectant. 
Yaeko sat up in her bed and let the teardrops fall freely to her white-and-blue hospital gown. She made no effort to wipe them from her face or to blow her nose, which was now running freely too.
As the teardrops gathered in her eyes, they would blind her momentarily to the view outside. In that fraction of a second before they spilled, to streak down her cheeks, the light in her vision became vivid and glittering, as though passing through a prism. Yaeko cried often; in fact, there wasn’t a time she could remember since she had come out of her coma six weeks ago when she hadn’t. It felt as if her tear ducts were infinite in capacity, filled with endless kaleidoscopic grief: inexhaustible, salty streams racing down her cheeks to her chin, where they fell ... to monotonous, sterilized nothingness.
But she cherished these tears and the fleeting half moments when they swam brilliantly in her sight. She wanted to lose herself in them, to immerse her soul in them, to emerge from behind their liquid curtain to discover that she had been dreaming all … all this—
—that her legs were useless …
—that she lay in a hospital bed thousands of miles from her home in Japan …
—that … that her parents were … were ... were dead …
The tears trembled in her vision ...
—Izumi ... he’s ... he’s gone …
Just beyond this liquid shroud—there he is …
Streaks of sunlight, released and split a million ways, and now … gone, just as they are.... 
Gone—all of them, gone…. 
Another hopeless wish falling from my chin.…
Yaeko Mitsaki cursed her existence. She cursed that she had survived at all, that she didn’t die with Amon, Izumi, and her parents in the car crash.
~~*~~
There were four strange trophies on her dresser. They were all the same, a brown pyramidal base with a shiny gold box and horn rising out of it, like a bugle or miniature French horn. The horns’ faces were angled upward triumphantly, mocking her.
Her Grammy Awards. She’d won all four. 
In the corner on the floor next to the dresser was the familiar black shape of a violin case. Yaeko regarded the trophies and case without interest, but found her attention continually drawn to them, as one is involuntarily drawn to a hangnail just bothersome enough to be noticed. She studied both at various times during the day, as though the shifting tones and textures of endless hours endlessly repeated could reveal something to her about them. But nothing came to her. She had no desire to heft the mysterious trophies; she had no desire whatever to play the violin. There was nothing inside her, nothing at all; and that void itself became an object of disinterested compulsion, for its existence at least still implied a relationship between her and them. The void yawned forth inside her; her eyes would dry out as she stared blankly at the trophies, at the violin case, until their shapes lost all meaning, all acquaintance, becoming themselves voids—voids with shape.
When the tears inevitably returned, she’d sometimes force herself to stare at them—and suddenly—to see if she could at least fill those voids with the grief that pressed through her soul like an endless cold drizzle. But the tears affected nothing, tears like heavy rain falling into a tremendous, bottomless chasm. The tears fell, they disappeared from view … they changed nothing, nothing at all.
There were roses in her room. Not many, perhaps half a dozen at a time, but they were always there—and always fresh. When one started to wilt, to die, it was quickly removed and replaced with a new, tight bud, which would flower in a day or two or three, yellow or white or pink or red; it would hold forth its resplendent beauty for another couple of days, and then begin wilting. Yaeko would cry for the wilting roses. She gave every rose a secret name; she talked to each when the nurses weren’t busily working over her, or changing her sheets, or when she was at physical therapy or at classes that taught how to live self-sufficiently with a disability, or sitting in the office of the psychiatrist that she met with twice a week. She watched each rosebud; she observed them as they blossomed to perfection—only to begin dying. The thought of them dying alone, forgotten, tossed in some gray, graffiti-scrawled dumpster behind the hospital was too much for her to bear. As a nurse went to remove a drooping flower one blustery morning, Yaeko screamed at her to stop. The nurse, a tall blonde Swiss national, was shocked: Yaeko never yelled—never spoke—at all. More nurses came rushing in, certain a medical emergency was underway. Yaeko, seeing this, felt her grief boil over into manic rage. She grabbed a half-empty drinking glass on the nightstand next to her bed and slung it at them, shrieking to leave her and the roses alone. She thrashed violently against them as they then sedated her. It wasn’t until the hospital’s chief psychiatrist, himself Japanese, got it out of her the following day—and with tremendous difficulty—exactly what had caused her sudden outburst. Yaeko mourned the flowers’ deaths; she would tell the new buds about those they were replacing, about their beauty and how cherished they were in her hospital room. When the morning came and the corner with her trophy-burdened dresser and the violin case next to it was still cast in darkness—and so easily pushed from her consciousness for a little while longer—she would share her grief with the roses, then allow herself to feel the joy each new one brought to her. If one were dying, she would say nothing to it in particular, but simply try to feel its last moments, to share beyond language, wishing that she could join it at the moment of death. After her reluctant talk with the psychiatrist, the roses were kept in her room until she told the nurses it was okay to remove them. But those days were complete torture for her. She always felt a sickening, stabbing ache when she told a nurse to remove a long-dead rose, feeling as if she were betraying a dear friend in her last moments.
She would stare at her toes for hours at a time, fiercely willing them to move of their own accord. She’d lean forward and, tossing the covers from her bed, stare intently at her legs, thin from injury and atrophied, willing them to bend, to open, to even just shudder in some tiny way. She’d focus on them—her chin down, her arms rigidly at her sides, her eyes unblinking—until she gave herself a throbbing headache. She’d grow angry at them, as at disobedient servants. She’d curse at them, rage at them, insult them. Sometimes she’d slap them viciously. She couldn’t feel the slaps, but the sharp pop when the flesh of her palm met the flesh of her thighs was satisfying in its own right. She tried to imagine what the pain would feel like.
Her legs were badly scarred. Some scars were from surgery, others from the crash. Several surgical scars ran up her thigh into her lower torso; some circled behind her, criss-crossing her lower back just over her hips. Her upper torso, shoulders, neck, and face had miraculously escaped serious injury or disfigurement. She studied her scars—the long, pinkish-white lines like cracks in her being—and cursed that she’d survived at all. It was all a monstrous joke, a vicious fraud. She didn’t want to live. The world was nothing but pain, she thought bitterly: what point was there, ultimately, in trying to survive in it? But I am no coward, she’d think reproachfully. If so, came another voice inside her, why not go now and pick up the strange trophies and play your violin? And when no answer came to her save the inescapable one, she’d slap her legs again, sometimes so hard she’d leave bruises. The nurses who tended her occasionally stopped their work to peer at those hand-shaped bruises, and then at each other, their faces etched with concern; but they never asked Yaeko about them, or rebuked her in any way for them.
When the nurses came to present her with her first wheelchair—a motorized seat with a stick and bright button controls at her right hand—Yaeko sat in it for a moment, looking at it, her face expressionless … and then violently pushed herself out of it, landing hard on the cold white tile floor of her room. She flipped over and spat at the contraption, and then slapped away the hands trying to pick her up and put her back in it. This was much worse than the roses. This was war. She stubbornly refused to sit in her new motorized wheelchair, and cursed viciously at anybody who made her try. Every trick in the staff handbook was tried; all failed. But whenever she was presented with a regular wheelchair, she wouldn’t complain or fight at all. She would sit in the chair, staring straight ahead, refusing to let anybody push her, making her way to her destination under her own power. Very gradually, the motorized wheelchair made fewer and fewer appearances. No one wanted to be the one to tangle with Yaeko Mitsaki with it in tow.
One day the psychiatrist paid a visit to her room. He was accompanied by a skinny, quiet young man, a Swiss national who knew Japanese and who was also a design engineer. The psychiatrist bowed and left her alone with him.
“I am here to design a wheelchair for you, Miss Mitsaki,” said the engineer with a professional air. “I am told you refuse to use motorized chairs. I wish to design you a regular wheelchair, your own. Are you willing to cooperate with me in this undertaking?”
After a moment, Yaeko nodded. The engineer’s accent was perfect, his stare unwavering and almost indifferent. He came back every night the following week, where they spoke quietly for an hour each time. 
A month later Yaeko’s new wheelchair arrived. It was ultra-lightweight and low slung, with only three wheels, very nearly a racing chair, jet black, with a large pouch in the back of the handleless seat. When the engineer unveiled it for her, the nurses and the psychiatrist standing by, Yaeko stared at it for several silent, expectant minutes, her face inscrutable. Then she glanced at the engineer. She bowed her head deeply. The engineer knew this remarkable girl would not say anything, and that she didn’t need to. He had heard her music; he had volunteered his services immediately; and in the end the bow meant more to him than the very large payment the psychiatrist insistently pressed into his hand later.
“You were in a coma almost four months, Yaeko,” the psychiatrist told her during her first session with him after receiving her new chair. “You stopped breathing three times in emergency surgery and were in intensive care for over a month after the crash. You missed your twelfth birthday—it’s on the fourteenth of March, right? We held a small party in your honor around your bed. Cake and candles and gifts galore. We spoke to you, urged you to come back. The nurses tell me you’ve never unwrapped your gifts.”
He stared at her. “It is a true miracle that you are even alive. Your life … is now radically different. You must understand: I am not your enemy. I am your ally—and friend. It is my job to teach you—no, to show you—that life is possible after such … such a terrible tragedy.”
Yaeko very rarely spoke to the psychiatrist, though he seemed a decent enough man: she simply had nothing to say to him, because there was just too much to say; and if she started speaking, she felt—she knew—she’d go insane, a great dam bursting, uncontrolled, over the sleepy and innocent hamlet of her sanity downstream. Except that instead of a black wall of water rushing forth it would be demons: piles of raging, mindless demons clawing over one another in a lunatic rampage for the pure and sacred valley of her life.
Even so, on this day she forced herself to ask, after several large gulps of courage, her voice barely that of a whisper: “H-How…?”
The psychiatrist drew back in surprise. Yaeko’s intense silence had become a ritual blanket over their biweekly meetings; and now that blanket had been unexpectedly torn off, revealing her to him. He leaned forward after a moment and asked gently, “I’m sorry, Yaeko … Did—did you ask …‘how’?”
After a moment she nodded, unsure of herself, her head barely moving, her insides waging a fierce battle over the correctness of her decision to speak.
“How—?” his eyes narrowed, as if he were trying to guess at what she was asking. Then: “How … how ... how …” His chin lifted with a guess: “How did the crash occur?”
Yaeko hesitated, and then nodded again, her chin moving scant millimeters up, then down.
The psychiatrist sat back in his chair. After a time he said, “Stupid, my dear. The whole thing … senseless. Absolutely senseless. The limo driver shuttling you and your parents, along with Messrs. Fujiwara and Ishikawa, was drunk. Nearly three times the legal limit allowed in Japan. What hit you was a flatbed semi truck that had the right of way at a four-way intersection. The limo driver went through a red light at nearly one hundred thirty kilometers per hour.
“I—” he glanced down at her legs—“I want to tell you at this point that you’re incredibly lucky to be alive, Yaeko—but I know that you feel no such thing right now. Perhaps someday you will feel that, but not now. And so I won’t humor you. That is not my task. I’m not here to jerk your chain or to pull rabbits out of the hat or tell jokes to get you to smile either. I’m simply here to help you recover and move on. And what you must recover from is truly monumental. So—let’s climb that mountain together, shall we?”
Yaeko blinked acknowledgement of his words and looked away, angrily pushing back the tears that wanted to spill—again. But she did not reply.
She learned through the psychiatrist weeks later that Izumi Ishikawa had been appointed as the executor of her estate shortly after being hired by her parents to be her manager. He had been insistent almost from the start to provide a will that would protect Yaeko in any contingency—this one included. He had been fierce and unrelenting in his work, nearly being fired several times by her parents, who could not understand his persistent, unwavering vigor, who were startled by his manic drive. The psychiatrist spoke of these things matter-of-factly, as if to an adult who could understand them. He did not patronize Yaeko or treat her like a child.
“Izumi saw to every detail, every penny to be spent, every conceivable possibility. I doubt he slept more than three hours a night while managing you, Yaeko,” the psychiatrist told her. “The will stipulates very clearly that should you find yourself in this position, with this kind of loss, with these types of injuries—and many of us often wonder if Mr. Ishikawa wasn’t prescient—you were to ‘disappear,’ as it were, from public life. The classical community believes you to be dead, Yaeko. The world mourned your death almost six months ago. Mr. Ishikawa felt very strongly that should something like this occur you would have been mercilessly exploited by … well, by the world’s media, the paparazzi, by the fanatical, by hucksters and tragedy hounds and the shallow. Nobody knows the truth, save a very select handful of professionals—selected by Mr. Ishikawa, of course—in this hospital, and a small, dedicated network of others outside it that await your full convalescence. You were awarded four Grammy Awards posthumously. I am told you have never touched them or even asked about them.”
Yaeko thought of Izumi’s eyes that last night as he sat in the limousine, of the sheer terror in them. Was this what he had feared? Had he somehow foreseen this tragedy? She did not believe in the paranormal, the supernatural. Surely what was there in those eyes in the last moments of his life was a reflection of—of something else? But Izumi’s eyes came back to her many times, especially in her dreams—now more than ever after learning of his seemingly prescient efforts to see to her future recovery.
The drunken mortal had dared pass into the realm of the god, who drew up in frightful anger. The mortal was ferrying passengers. They were mortals too, and very dear to each other—but they were not drunk. But this did not matter to the god. “Let no one inside the carriage live!” he had commanded with a furious roar to his twin Angels of Death, bright and terrible. And thus did the angles streak forth to destroy the careening carriage, which they did. Satisfied with their work, they left. But they failed to annihilate everybody; and the child that survived inside the twisted, smoking wreckage now cries out for them to return and destroy her too …
The Japanese nurse held the notebook in her hand, reading the finely drawn characters in Yaeko’s notebook. She was sound asleep, her body half-turned towards the window to the right of her bed, her pretty face bathed in the puddle of yellow light from the reading lamp over her head, a pen still in her hand. The nurse closed the notebook and gently removed the pen from her grasp. She placed it and the notebook on the desk next to the dresser. She stared at the trophies; she reached out and traced the smooth rim of the golden horn on one of them; she ran the pad of her index finger over the engraving of the plaque beneath it. After another minute she returned to Yaeko’s bedside and bent, kissing her warm forehead gently, and then switched the reading lamp off. 
The nurse could be heard sniffling as the door quietly clicked shut behind her.



Chapter 8
Painting With Sound
Yaeko didn’t listen to music; she didn’t turn on the television propped overhead in the corner; she didn’t read. As May crawled into June her strength slowly began to return to her. She approached her physical therapy like a soldier, exercising with a regimented fury that astonished the hospital staff. She had never tried pull-ups before, had never even desired to try them. Now they were an obsession. With her legs little more than dead weight and dangling like rubbery mozzarella sticks beneath her, she struggled to complete even one pull-up for what felt like an eternity of trying. The many broken bones she had suffered, bones now healed—the ones that still held feeling, that is—creaked and twinged with agony. She’d cry out. The therapist and nurse would come rushing to help; she’d curse fiercely at both to stay away. When she failed to pull her chin above the bar even once, she’d swear again, tears streaming down her reddened face. Then she’d slap their helping hands away and angrily try again. And again. And again … until her muscles fatigued totally and she could feel nothing but a helpless numbness throb incoherently throughout her body. When she finally achieved her first pull-up, instead of feeling victorious, she felt even more rage course through her—because she could not yet complete two. When two became possible, she swore viciously over her shoulder at the nurse, who was joyously clapping at Yaeko’s new benchmark, now lowering her hands in stages, her eyes wide with shock. The physical therapist next to the nurse merely raised his eyebrows and looked away, suppressing a grin, shaking his head slightly.
Yaeko attended classes with other patients with similar disabilities, most of them her age or close to it. She made no friends at these classes, though she tried to be friendly to everyone there. She tried. But it came immediately apparent that she had another glaring disability: she was not fluent in French or English—not even close. For a long time this made her hate these classes until the psychiatrist, realizing how this need, this obvious gap, had been completely overlooked, arranged for private lessons in both languages, to take place after her physical therapy. But even with this gap filled, Yaeko preferred to work alone whenever possible, to do things on her own. It had always been so with her, this stubborn independent streak.
Now that streak was magnified a hundredfold. The wheelchair she was confined to felt like a rolling prison, her own personal carriage to nowhere. She often dreamed of a great highway, an infinite stretch of road, one reaching into lands full of magic and castles made of crystal and peopled with luminous beings that could release her from her permanent confinement. She’d wheel desperately along this road, trying to gain those lands, but the faster she pressed, the farther away those lands receded; perversely, the slower she traveled the stickier the road became, turning to rubber cement, so that the joyful promise of her arrival remained remote and inaccessible. As she unenthusiastically rolled to class each day, she’d occasionally veer down a side hall and lose herself within the hospital’s labyrinthine passageways, ultimately finding herself in nearly deserted corridors, where she’d wheel as fast as she could to the other end. Once there, she’d touch the wall, to convince herself that she could overcome the infinite, gummy highway in her dreams, that she could reach her goals—and the victory of walking with the gods.
It was late June when she took another of these surreptitious excursions, finding herself eventually on the thirtieth floor—the top floor of the hospital. She exited the elevator and peered furtively down the long, abandoned corridor. From here it appeared that the hallway’s end opened into pure space, like peering through a cardboard tube into the clear sky. She smiled widely. The beings of light, she fantasized, were there, past the glass that separated the cool Swiss air from the unseen patients inside. The beings were waiting for her: she needed to get to the corridor’s end as fast as she could before the sterile tile floor beneath her turned to impassable rubber cement. She looked left, looked right—then tore down the hallway at breakneck speed, smiling impishly. She felt as though she could fly at any moment; she thrilled in the fantasy. When she came to the glass many feet later she leaned forward and pressed her palms flat to its cold, smooth surface and closed her eyes for a time, breathing heavily. There was a door in the glass; it became apparent only now, just inches from it. The door was nearly seamless and practically invisible, held in place by the smallest of silver hinges. There was a small brass placard in its center; even from here it appeared to float, so clear was the glass. The placard read: EDWARD R. GOLDSTEIN GARDENS. She noticed the large red button for wheelchair-bound patients to the right of the door and pressed it, then watched as the door swung silently open for her.
The fresh kiss of early summer greeted her as she passed beyond the invisible barrier: the hint of a cool, late afternoon breeze scented with the smells of a dozen different flowers and spicy pine from the forest under the mountains miles away, along with the comforting odor of burning wood from an unseen fireplace somewhere nearby. Just a few feet away was a short concrete barrier covered in vines with a shiny silver banister running along its top. She drew close to the barrier, peered over the banister. Her own room was many floors beneath her … she had never been up here before … the frightful yawn of space below made her head spin pleasantly with its suddenness and proximity. She thought without willing it how it would feel to pull herself over this banister—now close enough to touch—to push away—to release—and to fall to her death. How her end was only two or three seconds away from this rooftop—should she will it. In the distance the frozen waves of peaks floated over the sprawling rooftops in challenge, as though mocking her courage. She smiled in return at them, flush with a heady sense of freedom.
There was a walkway that led to the right, easily wide enough for two wheelchairs. Yaeko turned and advanced down it, the class she was now supposed to be attending completely forgotten. The walkway was a mural, a beautiful abstract swirl of pastels. The vines were on both sides of her now, crawling up the side of the hospital thickly, the leaves shadowy green, almost black in parts. They shuddered pleasingly with the fragrant zephyrs of the settling day. She wheeled down the colorful path until it opened abruptly into a large courtyard, as though a huge square chunk of the corner of the top of the hospital had been cleaved away, leaving a startling, wide space, open in two directions. The mountains ebbed away from her, the lake beneath them like an echo of light revealing another land beneath the softening waves, the city of Lausanne a faintly roaring portal riding the shimmering edge of that echo…. It all seemed to beam in welcome to her from up here, an incredible, wide panorama denied her from the thin window of her bedroom. The courtyard had been worked into a delightful rooftop garden, the thick vines rising over the top of the hospital, the mural beneath her wheels spreading out like a rainbow in swirling flood, giving her the sensation of floating forward on the current of a river. It was like she was not in a hospital anymore, but in a remote wild space deeper than it actually was. There were benches here, set along the curving walkway, spaced in such a way as to give her the feeling that she was visiting—or floating by—a city park, but a pleasantly hidden one, a park in Shangri-la perhaps. An actual stream gurgled nearby, fed by a large and very lovely granite fountain, the courtyard’s central feature; smaller shade trees had been planted here and there; some were in full bloom; they in turn were surrounded by many varieties of flowers and roses, all meticulously tended. The walkway was bordered with cobblestones in parts … the cobblestones formed their own walkways and were themselves bordered with green grass, suitable for sitting.
A tall, very thin man holding a palette stood watching her. He was a few feet from the building’s edge, on a small patch of grass under a blossoming shade tree. An easel stood between him and the edge. He motioned at her to come to him. 
Yaeko hesitated for a moment, and then wheeled mindfully down the winding mural walkway until she was just a few feet from him. She fully expected to be chastised for being somewhere she didn’t belong, and waited expectantly for the rebuke. She looked up at him. 
The man’s face was gaunt and hollow, his head completely bald. He had a very strong cleft chin and a full, smiling mouth; his startling blue eyes were savagely alive. Up close he was taller and even thinner than he first appeared. He was bone thin: his clothes were far too baggy for his form. The early evening breezes waved through the sleeves of his shirt as through a flag. He regarded her in an almost mocking fashion, his eyes narrowing as she drew close. He nodded then—but she knew instantly the nod wasn’t meant for her. The man turned briefly to place his brush and palette on the park table next to him before looking, not at her, but at the mountains in the distance, his chin raised slightly. Yaeko took a moment to gaze up at his painting—and found she could not look at anything else. For the emaciated man had painted the panorama before him so expertly, with attention to detail so complete, that the details themselves were lost in the total simplicity of his efforts. The painting reflected her dreams somehow—dreams that infused her reality with the only hope she had felt while at this hospital, dreams that brushed over the city, the mountains, the cathedral, the lake, and offered in reply the diaphanous, indistinct perfections of potentialities—her potentialities—as represented by the mountains, the lake, the city in his rendition, focused into startling relief. She hadn’t noticed that the tall, gaunt man had taken his gaze from the vista and brought it down to her.
“Cotton candy,” he said with a Midwestern-American accent.
She looked up at him. He was smiling slightly, studying her. “Do you like cotton candy?”
Yaeko’s English—despite approaching her English lessons as she had pull-ups—was still only at the stage where she could pick up perhaps every other word; but she understood his question and nodded shyly after a time. He seemed to understand her deficiency, because when he spoke again, it was with an obvious, mindful slowness. He swept his long, thin arm out from his body, and, looking around, said: “Another day passes. Days like cotton candy on God’s tongue.” He smiled at her again, a corner of his mouth rising slowly.
Yaeko fell asleep that night thinking of the man and his painting.
She skipped class again the next day, and instead of finding a random, abandoned hallway to tear down gleefully, chose to return at once to the courtyard. The tall, thin painter was there, in the same place, working on a new painting. He stopped work long enough to acknowledge her presence with a smile and a slight incline of his head, gesturing with a downward sweep of his arm next to his body for her to join him before returning to his work. She wheeled up until she was just behind him and to his left, where she could watch him paint. His new painting was of the lake, but seen close-up: his masterful artistry touched expertly upon the cold, mirrorlike quality that body of water always seemed to possess, as if it could never be disturbed even in the most violent of winter blizzards. She sat silently, completely transfixed; she watched him paint for another three hours, his work like the purest of meditations, until the sky above began emptying of light and the city of Lausanne twinkled to life. When she turned to go she tugged at the elbow of his baggy shirtsleeve and smiled up at him, waving. The man had been concentrating so fully on his picture that it seemed to startle him. He was trembling with cold but seemingly oblivious to that as well. He looked down at her, his eyes radiant and severe, as if they created their own light, their own warmth. He nodded at her and watched her go. As she pulled past the courtyard’s entrance she stopped briefly and turned back. The man was back to his painting, a still, skeletal shadow, but somehow more substantial than the shadows behind him. She had not exchanged a single word with him, but somehow felt as if she had just spent an entire late afternoon in pleasant conversation with him.
The next day he wasn’t under the shade tree near the edge of the building, but at the fountain. He had set his easel up there, and was working, and when she appeared, instead of motioning to her as usual to join him, gestured towards another, shorter easel next to his. There was another palette and brushes lying on the fountain’s flat edge. 
Yaeko rolled close to him. The painter watched her approach, his gaze steady. “Right-handed, or left?”
When she didn’t understand initially, he held up each hand, repeating himself. She got it. She held up her right hand. He chuckled. “Of course,” he said, shaking his head self-reproachfully. “Of course. I already knew that.” 
He came around her wheelchair and set the shorter easel and canvas within her reach, handing her a fresh palette and clean brushes. She looked up at him. His eyes seemed to peer straight through her. She struggled for the words she wanted to say. She stuttered a few times, but eventually got out between frustrated shakes of her head and several long pauses: “No. Want to paint—over there.” She pointed to where he had been the past few evenings, under the blossoming shade tree. 
The thin man nodded in understanding, then picked up her easel and walked, with her following, to his old spot. He set the easel up and came around to face her. “Better?” he asked. 
She nodded, smiling. “Thank you.” 
“If you don’t mind, I would like to stay where I am,” he announced slowly. “Is that okay with you?” 
Yaeko’s smile expressed her response adequately. The thin man’s hand rested on her shoulder for an instant as he passed her on his way back to his easel next to the fountain. She glanced at that hand for the brief moment it was there. It was a hand like worn pink quartz, a hand of awesome power; a hand she knew instantly as it touched her had experienced much life … perhaps too much. While it rested on her shoulder she felt for a moment that were he to decide it, that hand could easily crush the life from her—or achieve the impossible delicacy of touch fine enough to paint masterpieces. The contrast made her hesitate for a minute after he had gone. Presently she lifted her chin, studying the Swiss panorama before her for a long time before starting to paint.
The enigmatic painter did not come to her again until the summer sky had turned from a draining orange fire, to a deep pink overcast, to indistinct purple-gray streaks. Yaeko flushed with embarrassment as he approached: her panorama, compared to his, was laughably pathetic. He stood over her shoulder, studying her picture for a long time before speaking. Yet when he spoke it was as if to an equal, not some contemptuous novice. 
“As I expected,” he chuckled, speaking slowly and enunciating each word. “Precise, but not coldly so; less like a steel drill bit, more like a hawk diving for dinner. Passionate. Intense. No, not a surprise at all.” He chuckled again.
Yaeko said, fumbling for words, “I have not finished it. May I tomorrow?”
He nodded and then added, speaking slowly: “Tomorrow, if you don’t mind, I’d like to show you how to shade, and perhaps how to use secondary colors more effectively. Would that be okay?”
She nodded enthusiastically.
The thin man said: “Come. Let’s be cleaning up.” 
Fifteen minutes later, he accompanied her to the elevators. “Until tomorrow,” he said to her as she turned in the elevator to face him. His gaunt face appeared ghostly, nearly translucent in the cold, sterile white glare of the corridor’s lights; it was drawn and tinged grayish-yellow, his skin like an afterthought, a ghost trapped under wax paper. She focused on his eyes instead, which seemed to be anchors for his entire being—for hers too—as though they held both of their souls fixed firmly and securely to the earth. He inclined his head in parting as the elevator doors closed.
The next day, as she was sitting in the elevator, having just escaped another boring class on self-sufficiency, the car slowed to a stop on the very next floor. The doors jerked open. Her psychiatrist stood before her, looking sternly down upon her. He stepped inside, saying nothing. He turned to face the open doors; he stood stiffly right next to her; she saw that he was noting the number inside the glowing white dot on the gold panel. 
The thick silver doors rumbled shut. Yaeko’s stomach fell; the elevator was rising again. The seconds passed like frozen molasses. Her heart pounded in her throat. The silence was unbearable. Finally the psychiatrist spoke in Japanese, his voice low and strained. He did not look at her. 
“I was sent to find you. It was an easy matter, really …” He pulled a device that looked like cell-phone from his suit coat pocket. “The wheelchairs in this hospital are all tapped with a locator—yours too. It’s next to the left wheel, under the seat. Sometimes a patient—Alzheimer’s patients mostly—will wheel himself out of the hospital, or get lost within it. It’s a big, big hospital, Yaeko—as I’m quite sure you know by now.” 
He pocketed the device. He still wouldn’t look at her, observing instead the red electronic display panel above his head indicating which floor they were at. The display read 20 when he spoke again. “I told your teacher not to worry. When I saw where you were going each day, I …” 
He finally turned to face her. Then he motioned at her wheelchair. “I’m surprised you haven’t been ticketed for speeding in that fancy contraption.” He shook his head. “You just amaze me, Yaeko Mitsaki. I should have guessed that it could only be one such as you that could open him up. As it could only be one such as he that could open you up.”
Yaeko stared down at her lap. 
The elevator slowed. Stopped. The doors opened, revealing the long corridor with the bright glass opening at its far end. He motioned her out with a resigned sweep of his arm, following her as the doors behind them rumbled closed.
When they came to the glass door at the far end of the hall he knelt before her, his face very serious. He said:
“I must accept, I suppose, that there are people out there who, when shown the pleasant, easy valleys through Himalaya-sized challenges, will opt to climb the peaks every time instead of walking through those valleys. Valleys that professionals like me are supposed to point out.” 
He sighed and then reached for her hand, which was resting on a wheel, grasping it tightly. 
“It shouldn’t surprise me about you,” he went on. “I should’ve known when you refused to put handles on the back of this wheelchair. Nobody’s going to push Yaeko Mitsaki around; she’ll do it on her own. It’s in your music too—that utter defiance, that integrity, that refusal to back down from the challenge of the extraordinary, the impossible…. I love your music, Yaeko. I haven’t ever told you that, but I do…. I remember an interview from a couple years ago with your teacher, Amon Fujiwara … He told the interviewer that you would spend months on a single difficult phrase, or even just a single note or two—until you were pleased with how it sounded inside the composition. You never backed down. I remember him saying he learned more about playing violin by teaching you than he ever could just by practicing it alone. And if I remember correctly, Amon himself was considered one of Japan’s finest violinists, yes?” 
When she nodded, he rose to his feet, releasing her hand. He cupped her cheek. He smiled wistfully, then said: “It’s a beautiful day—and another great mountain awaits you. Go, my friend. I’ll clear your absences with your Independent Living teacher. And—I’ll see you tomorrow morning.” 
And with that, he left her, his fading footsteps sounding like hard-boiled eggshells cracking on the cold white tile of the floor.
She sat in the silence for a long time before pushing the red button that opened the glass door to the rooftop courtyard.
The thin man sat with her that day, and for many days afterward. He brought a chair and lowered his own easel to paint while sitting next to her. He helped her complete her unfinished panorama before moving on to new challenges: painting the fountain, then the beautiful shade trees, and then a portrait of him…. He showed her techniques of painting complementary colors, of scrumbling, of viewpoints and vanishing points and flat coloring. 
“Now,” he had said that first day, raising his brush, “to properly shade an object, you first need …” and he was off, speaking on the finer points of painting—but not to a novice: the tone of his voice held great respect for her and made her conscious not of his words so much as the sense of how those words made her forget herself. He used his own blank canvas to demonstrate various techniques; he pointed to the many elements of her work as if to a fellow professional; he watched her closely as she tried out his suggestions. When she completed the portrait of him he sat looking at it for a very long time. 
“May I keep this?” he asked quietly. 
She nodded happily. The three hours they spent together each day passed as if they were but three seconds dribbled forgetfully from the chin of time. 
On this night the sliver of a new moon arced overhead in a navy sky that seemed to absorb all thought, all pain. She reflected on her paintings; she was almost proud of them. They were placed on her walls or propped up in the corners of her room.... One hid her violin case completely.... And now she thought of how much she hated the time each day when she and her friend parted. 
She was looking at the sky, at the moon, her face blank. He was watching her, his bony countenance loose with amusement. 
She brought herself back to the present. Looking at him, she said, smiling, “Cotton candy …”
“… on God’s tongue,” he whispered.
He accompanied her back to the elevator. Tonight, for the first time, he stood with her in it. When the doors opened he walked with her back to her room. Yaeko noted the faces of the medical staff that passed them in the hallways. Faces of barely concealed astonishment—though those stares weren’t for her, she knew: they were reserved for the man next to her, the man who would occasionally cup the back of her head in a very fatherly gesture of protection, of affection … But no, they seemed astonished by her as well, as if what they were witnessing—these two individuals, together—was impossible, was not to be believed. 
Once in her room he sat heavily in a chair next to the door, appearing drained and exhausted. She gazed at his drawn face, at his baggy clothes, and asked the questions she had pondered many times but knew she’d only be brave enough to ask here, in her room: 
“What is your name? Why are you here?”
Though his expression didn’t physically change, his eyes smiled brightly. After a moment’s hesitation, he said: “I suppose it isn’t fair, is it? I know who you are, Yaeko Mitsak—” he glanced at her as though sharing a mischievous secret with another friend—“and you don’t have a clue as to who I am. Call me Rudolph. My grandfather would’ve been proud of that, bastard though he was.” 
He came to his feet. It seemed to take tremendous effort—though he seemed to put as much effort into hiding that fact as he did in standing. He grunted with pain as he straightened his emaciated body. He walked over to her dresser and inspected the trophies without touching them. He spied her violin case in the corner. It was almost completely hidden by her painting of the Lausanne skyline. He stared at it a long time. “Why am I here?” he said, looking over his shoulder. “Ha!” 
Without saying more, he approached the vase containing roses by her bedside. He bent and brought his nose to them, breathing deeply for several seconds. Two roses were wilting heavily, were plainly dead. He stared at them, studying them. Then he brought his eyes to hers. His eyes ... eyes like laser beams … he looked straight into her ... he looked straight into her very being ... and then he removed the wilting flowers. One was so far gone the bulb detached from the stem as he plucked it from the others; it landed with a soft, rotting thud on her nightstand. He collected the bulb and stems and half walked, half limped to the small trashcan near the door, where he threw them away. 
Peering into the receptacle, he said: “What is inside you—what is inside me—what was inside … them—” he turned and pulled up the chair next to her wheelchair, sitting in it—“that thing is immortal.” He waved his hand dismissively. “Outward appearances are meaningless. You know this. It may be a different rose next time, but that which is immortal inside it—inside you—is one and the same. Okay? So they haven’t really died, they haven’t really left you—have they?”
Yaeko suddenly realized he wasn’t speaking of the roses at all. Her eyes must have given her away—her face hadn’t changed one bit; she was listening as hard as she could—because now he was smiling and nodding. 
He stood. He looked at her for a few seconds longer, and then approached her bed. He bent and kissed the top of her head. On the way out of her room he remarked, “I can’t seem to get enough of that cotton candy, Yaeko Mitsaki…. Or … perhap—” he smiled now—his whole face smiled, but the change was so subtle she was convinced anybody else would’ve missed it—“perhaps it’s sharing it with you that has made it taste so sweet.” 
He inclined his head characteristically before departing, the door clicking shut softly behind him.
When he looked up from his work the next afternoon, he did a double take. His eyes widened slowly in surprise, becoming huge, his face unsmiling as he watched Yaeko approach. In her lap was her violin case. In a gesture that seemed almost reverential, he stepped away from his canvas, laying his palette and brush aside as if they were made of fine crystal, before sitting in the chair next to her. He waited attentively as she withdrew her violin, raising it to her chin, her bow at the ready. 
She hadn’t played once since the night of her crash nearly nine months ago. She peered into his eyes. Then she said simply: “You paint with color. I—paint with sound.” 
And in that instant Rudolph was reminded of a concert he had attended long ago, where Yaeko was the featured performer, for her eyes at that very moment held the passion of the entire planet in them, just as he had remembered seeing then. Then, as now, the effect was the same: he forgot to breathe.
For three hours Yaeko Mitsaki played her violin; for three hours Rudolph listened. The dreams of hours-turned-to-mere-seconds had become meaningless: for there were no dreams now, because time had ceased to exist. It was the most grueling thing she had ever done. Not because her fingers were stiff and unpracticed, not because the music was difficult and demanding—her fingers were stiff and unpracticed, but her violin sang as it had never sung before; the music was difficult and demanding, but seemed ridiculously, ludicrously easy in front of this man—it was grueling because of what she saw in his eyes while she played: a lifetime of work, of love, of struggle, of joy, of tragedy: fierce blue eyes bright with tears one second, violent with joy another; eyes that gave no quarter and asked for none; eyes like those of a fellow comrade’s in a foxhole during a terrible battle where both know they are going to die but hate the enemy so ferociously, so profoundly, that it no longer matters. What she gave to him in her eyes he returned in kind in his, so that the circuit was set, completed, and perfected: the switch was thrown; it was a simple act that for a brief time lighted the universe.
Much later, he accompanied her back to her room. They did not speak to one another. As he painfully unbent from kissing her head once more he lifted a single white bud from the vase—a vase now full of healthy young roses. He looked at her for a long time as though in salute, his frail body straight and proud. He brought the rosebud slowly to his nose. He inclined his head. 
“Thank you, Yaeko.” He said it very quietly, almost whispering. 
And then he left.
She didn’t leave the courtyard the next evening until well past dark. She had taken her violin back with her, along with another one for him. She had played and played and played ... The music floated down the side of the great building, carried by scented evening breezes; it rose to greet the orange orb of the setting sun; it wandered over the burgundy rooftops and through the thin cobblestone streets. The music carried her soul to every corner of Lausanne, quieting its dull roar to utter silence; it carried her through every peaceful park, under the whispering shelter of every shade tree; it spirited her over the placid mirror of the great lake. Her violin cried out for her friend Rudolph the painter—for he did not come today. She played, alone, next to the fountain where his easel still stood, the painting on it nearly completed, the violin she had brought to teach him a little of how to paint with sound propped up against it. The painting was of her as she sat at the edge of the building, a slight smile on her face, working next to an easel; it was a portrait so well done that even its incompleteness seemed purposeful and abundant. Her violin called plaintively to her friend … but in her heart she already knew. Because in her dreams the night before she had stepped—not rolled—upon the infinite highway, had walked its length, had come to the kingdom of crystal and the beings of light—and had met him there.
The city was sparkling like a tremendous constellation beneath her when she finally stopped playing. She took her own violin and leaned it against the easel, placing her bow on the fountain’s edge. Then she wheeled up the darkened pastel walkway, past the trees standing like guardians, along the gurgling stream, to the invisible glass door that had admitted her to his presence. 
The silence greeting her was final and worshipful. The day had stepped back from its own easel. “Cotton candy … on God’s tongue,” she whispered. 
And then she left the gardens for the very last time.
~~*~~
“Mr. Goldstein was considered the greatest painter in the world, Yaeko,” the psychiatrist told her many weeks later. “He was impossible and intense and supremely talented and extremely wealthy. The gardens were a gift from him to the hospital and the hospice he would soon be living in, tragically enough. He had donated them just before learning that he himself had inoperable pancreatic cancer. The hallway you went down to greet him every day was still not completely ready to receive terminal patients; the gardens weren’t even open to the public when you met him. He passed peacefully in his sleep. I’m … I’m so sorry, Yaeko.”
The psychiatrist had left her alone after that lonely evening in the courtyard. He knew she would not respond to him, and would resent his attempts to reach her. He had given the nurses strict instructions not to bother her, to let her deal with her grief in her own way: grief that had nothing to do with deadly car crashes and useless legs and wilting roses—but the grief of losing a very piece of her soul in the death of the man named Edward Rudolph Goldstein. She had lost nearly everything in her life, including four months she couldn’t even remember: now even her soul could be counted among the mounting casualties. The psychiatrist did not know if the wound was fatal—and he was sure she did not know either. Yaeko had let September fade into October; October had disappeared into November; half of November had passed before she wheeled herself into his office—to his great surprise—and quietly closed the door. Now he looked at her sitting across from him and wondered if he would ever hear again what he had heard—incredibly—impossibly—coming from the courtyard that evening in early September as he stood out of sight, struggling to know what to do, overwhelmed by music so beautiful he couldn’t bring himself to believe it was coming from a human being and not a god. Yaeko’s silence here was welcome, itself a greeting. If she had come to him any other way, he would’ve been deeply concerned. But now he knew better. He knew he had done the right thing. He thought for a moment before deciding to speak.
“I told you about those Himalaya-sized mountains, didn’t I?” he asked her gently.
She nodded, staring straight into his chest.
“So,” he said very quietly, “how’s the view from Mount Everest, Yaeko Mitsaki?”
She opened her mouth to answer, and then it was too late: the dam had burst. It came as a terrible flash flood, surprising both of them. She opened her arms in a compulsive gesture of attempting to contain it: she jerked her head urgently to the ceiling, screwed her eyes shut, and held still, utterly silent, her mouth wide open. The moment stretched endlessly. And then, with a great lungful of air, she howled with grief. There was the universe, there was the chasm inside her, and now the universe sought desperately to fill the chasm—even the light filtering through her tears had been snuffed out—and she knew with a detached sense of self that she could not halt what roared through her now. But when she finally reached for the psychiatrist many minutes later, he was there.
~~*~~
Yaeko Mitsaki cried.
Sunlight washed across her face. It reflected off her cheeks as tiny twin stars against the clear vertical streams of tears pouring from her eyes. The view of Lausanne from her room had not changed over the past eight months … not really … but now it seemed irreparably, totally different, as if she had somehow walked into a movie screen featuring that view as it swam in her tears, and by doing so introduced some unseen but tangible dimension to her experience of it … for now the city had become achingly, permanently real.
The bright white winter blanket of Lausanne was on startling display, a quiet, cold sheet of somnolence and peace. Long silver tongues of smoke rose from the distant rooftops, held still against the turquoise-blue sky, the distant lake beyond frozen over, the forests beyond it shadowed with December’s icy breath and the mountains that loomed over them. The trees rose against the slopes of those mountains like a church choir, bearing witness to the day’s passing and her pain. The quiet reached into her room and cocooned her, swaddling her against itself, holding her steadily and safely.
Winter meant death. But spring was soon to follow. Spring: renewal, rebirth. New life. New chances.
But Yaeko knew: the tears would still come. They would always come.
~~*~~
“Happy New Year, Yaeko,” smiled the psychiatrist.
“Thank you, Dr. Akimoto,” said Yaeko in comfortable English.
“I heard from your physical therapist yesterday that you can now do sixty-five pull-ups.”
“Seventy-two.”
Dr. Akimoto whistled tonelessly. “I can do one,” he held up a single finger. “Maybe. If my feet are resting securely on the ground first, then—yes: I can do one pull-up…. You have such a lovely smile, Yaeko. I think this is the first time you’ve actually smiled at me. You are a very pretty young lady with a beautiful smile. Ready to face a new year?”
She nodded.
“Excellent, excellent. The Young Master faces a new year with the hard lessons of the old—and with the wisdom of somebody five times her age. And with the fire of a billion-year-old sun burning inside her. And now … with a brand new challenge.”
Yaeko knew it was coming. She asked quietly, “Where am I going to live?”
“Izumi placed you with his late brother’s ex-wife. Her name is Adele. She will be your guardian. She lives in a small coastal town in the United States, in California. It’s called Imperial Beach. Think, Yaeko! You’ll be living in southern California—on the beach!” And then he went into an off-key rendition of a Beach Boys’ song for a couple bars, acting as though he were surfing, and then smiled playfully at her. 
“I hear it is beautiful there, extraordinary,” he said after he settled down, happily noting her embarrassed smile—embarrassed for him, that is. “We haven’t yet ironed out all the details. You won’t be going to school there straightaway, for example. Due to American red tape we have decided in the interim to hire a homebound tutor for you until we can admit you into their schools—but I doubt you’ll have difficulty with learning in the Americans’ system. Your language teacher tells me you are correcting her English now. Is this true?”
Yaeko nodded timidly.
“You will be leaving in four days,” Dr. Akimoto said. “Tomorrow I am flying to Okinawa to visit my wife’s mother, who is doing poorly … so I won’t be seeing you off. To brief you on what to expect in California, customs, money, etcetera, you will be contacted by several of the network I told you about. They will serve as liaisons should you have trouble in Imperial Beach, and will keep me informed of any serious developments. They are on their way here as we speak. I won’t be here, however … so allow me now to say good-bye …”
He closed his notebook. He opened his mouth to say something, closed it, then seemed to decide to say something else entirely. What came out was: “This … hospital will never be the same again, Yaeko. You’d be very surprised how many of the staff have come to me in tears over your imminent departure. You have impacted many people here—more than you realize. You seem to have an impact on everyone you meet. I think it is part of that remarkable soul of yours. The soul that prefers mountain peaks to gentle, safe valleys.”
He looked at her for a several long moments, and then asked, “Will you ever play violin again, Yaeko?”
She stared at her knees. After a long time she shook her head.
“If I may venture a guess, I think you will,” he said. “The thing is, Yaeko, that billion-year-old sun burning in your heart—well, your music’s the fuel by which it survives. I am convinced of it now. I am sure Mr. Goldstein was too. The gift you gave him his last day of life came from that fire. It was the sunshine under which he rested after a tumultuous and trying life. And what an incredible gift, Yaeko.”
It was only the second time she had heard Rudolph’s name spoken in nearly four months. Her head snapped up; her heart swelled; the chasm of tears had still not gone away.
Dr. Akimoto looked at her carefully. He said, “The easel, his paintings—save the one he made of you, which we’ve shipped ahead to California—along with your violins … all have been moved to his gallery in Manhattan in accordance with your wishes. But Yaeko,” he leaned forward, staring hard into her eyes, which were again bright with tears, “even as cancer ate away at his life, he didn’t put down his brush. And because of his courage, his refusal to quit working, you and he became friends. Is this not a gift worth passing on to another? To a whole world? Edward Goldstein faced death—and painted. Can you face life, Yaeko—and play your violin?” 
He nodded. “Someday, Yaeko … someday you and your violin may save the world….”
~~*~~
“Attendants, please take your positions. Final approach, San Diego … final approach….”
The voice was low, the words spoken very quickly; they were nearly unintelligible, a grumble, really; they sounded from the small speaker just above her seat. A sharp click followed as the speaker went dead, followed by a hollow tone that chimed through the entire cabin of the airplane: the FASTEN SEATBELTS sign had been switched on. Around her, people were securing their trays to the seats in front of them, stowing magazines. Flight attendants were busily cleaning up and preparing for landing. The hiss of circulated air sounded much louder suddenly. Yaeko looked above her at the small circular air vent just as the great plane dipped into a pocket of turbulence, making her stomach flip. It reminded her of a trip to an amusement park in Tokyo, now a lifetime ago. The plane dipped again, and then rose just as dramatically, causing passengers around her to gasp.
The flight attendants, who, moments earlier, were walking the aisles of the aircraft, had now disappeared, save one: she sat now in a pull-down seat just in front of Yaeko’s wheelchair. The attendant secured herself with a heavy black harness against the bulkhead. Yaeko met her eyes, and the attendant beamed at her.
There were sudden monotone mechanical noises, like hydraulic gears or lifts being tested. Noises coming from outside the plane. Yaeko turned from the smiling attendant and looked out the window to her right. Without and behind her somewhat, the plane’s great silver wing seemed to be alive. Beneath it control surfaces were moving, like limbs of some terrible beast that had just woken from a long slumber. A heavy opaque mist occluded the view below, but then it abruptly vanished, and in the next instant the wing’s lights blazed to life, dazzling her. The aircraft dipped again, and then began turning right, the wing slanting, slanting, slanting downward into empty space…. She felt her tummy flipping again and caught her breath.
She was flying over water again after many hours of crossing America. Far below the blue water of the Pacific Ocean shimmered … and into that blue stretched a long, thin wooden pier, stretching defiantly into that vastness from a jagged white strip of foamy surf. The pier pointed into the sea, pointed towards a nation thousands of miles distant ... a nation she once called home. It appeared ridiculously fragile, as though she could simply reach down now and snap it in two. She thought of the highway to forever from her dreams, the one she walked confidently, the one with Rudolph at its end, waiting for her. As the pier slipped from sight it occurred she hadn’t had that dream since. Now she found herself wanting to dream it again, hoping it would revisit her soon. 
She thought to herself: 
Not a highway … but a pier … A pier—to forever. 
The thought pleased her.



Chapter 9
Adele D. Hoffman
The flight attendant who had sat across from Yaeko during the landing now stood behind her as she made her way up the narrow aisle of the plane. As she passed through the plane’s open portal, moving into the tube-like ramp, the air abruptly changed, becoming thick and heavy. Yaeko twitched her nose. The odors of sea salt intermingling with jet fuel, along with the sickly sweet perfumes and colognes of disembarking passengers were for a passing instant overwhelming. The jet’s giant engines suddenly cut off, their deafening whine dropping slowly in pitch to a steady monotone drone. Ahead, people were spilling from the ramp into the airport’s gate, rushing forward, blending into the swollen, monochrome river of humanity walking past the concourse entrance hundreds of feet away—and into the arms of loved ones. Yaeko’s heart sank: there would be no one here to run to. The woman she was supposed to go live with now she had never met—and so felt nothing for. She thought of her mother’s soft hand closing over her own, of Izumi’s warm embrace, and suddenly wanted to turn around and fly home, but home to—?
For there was no longer anything waiting for her in Japan, and even Lausanne seemed closed to her now. Yaeko Mitsaki was dead, dead and buried and forgotten…. And with that thought (and despite many hours of listening to Dr. Akimoto going on and on about it) she felt a great rush of resentment well up within her toward her late, beloved manager, mixed with biting guilt and shame for feeling it. She angrily fought back the tears that had been her constant companion for the past eight months since she’d woken from her coma.
She hadn’t been on American soil for twenty seconds and already she was miserable.
The flight attendant behind her was saying (to herself?), “... got a few minutes yet …” And then her mouth was suddenly next to her ear. “I’m part of the network,” she whispered. “Let’s go this way—” And she pointed Yaeko to the right, walking quickly with her past the many rows of seats in the gate, which were spottily populated with a new crop of outgoing travelers.
Nobody watched as she passed. The attendant motioned her to the next gate, which was completely deserted and darkened, the futuristic-looking check-in desk appearing like a monolith in shadow. The pretty attendant came around and sat in the seat facing her.
“I—well, we—were given very specific orders regarding you, so it could mean my job if I were caught …” She looked nervously past Yaeko’s shoulder. “But … I think it’s worth the risk,” she said, glancing back at her and winking. Those nervous-but-serious blue eyes were suddenly beaming. “I know who you are, Yaeko Mitsaki. And while I don’t understand—at all—why your death was faked—or how you managed to get by the TSA with an alias—I must tell you—” and now those eyes were filling with tears—“I … when I realized it was truly you, you can’t imagine the joy I felt. You, Yaeko Mitsaki, alive!”
Those tears spilled over and ran in thin, clear streamers down her face. She wiped them fitfully with her sleeve, sniffling. “You have suffered such a terrible loss, and I am so, so sorry…. But Yaeko,” she grabbed Yaeko’s hands and held them tightly, “the world was blessed beyond the meaning of the word with your music, with your joy, your incredible talent…. I have every CD, every televised performance on DVD…. When I listen to you, I feel as if every cell in my body is listening too, not … not just my ears.... I know that sounds silly, but … it’s so amazing … listening to you makes me feel as though I could … could …”
She released Yaeko’s hands and composed herself, dabbing her mascara-streaked eyes with a tissue pulled from the pocket of her uniform jacket. She leaned forward again.
“Sweetheart …whatever’s happened to you … whatever, it doesn’t matter … let the world hear your music again; please, Yaeko. I—”
She halted her monologue. She took a deep breath, and then patted her hands, looking slightly embarrassed. “You have probably heard this a hundred times,” she said self-consciously. “I won’t impose any longer on your time; please forgive my outburst. Let’s go and meet your guardian, what do you say?”
She went to stand, but Yaeko grabbed her hand. The attendant looked at her.
Yaeko said, very quietly, “Thank you.”
The attendant rose, smiling self-effacingly. Moments later they were in the broad current of humanity heading for the concourse’s exit. Beyond were the baggage claim and customs areas. The attendant helped Yaeko gather her luggage, then clear through customs—a lengthy, invasive process—before pointing her towards a large central area, which was surrounded by small kiosks, shops, restaurants, and magazine stands. People streamed around them like water, unaware of their existence, as a river is mindless of the rocks it flows around.
“She’s late. I—ah. Here she is, coming towards us now.” The attendant’s voice had taken an edge to it, as though something was bothering her. She came around Yaeko’s wheelchair and knelt once again. Her face was hard with a tortured mixture of anger and sadness.
“Thank you for your time back there … and for all your extraordinary music … Young Master. Please remember what I said…. And … here—” she pressed a business card into her hand. “My phone and address—if you ever need them. I know Dr. Akimoto has established some sort of network for you in case of trouble, but I’m based right here in San Diego, in Mission Hills. It’s not far away from Imperial Beach—just a few minutes away by car. Okay? Okay?”
Her smile was clearly forced; something was bothering her. She waited for Yaeko to nod. Then she stood and turned about. Yaeko followed her line of sight to see who she was looking at.
The woman standing before them was thin, almost unnaturally so, and tall. The clothes she wore fit her frame tightly, but instead of making her look young and wispy, it accentuated an aura of unhealthiness, like dressing dried chicken bones with Armani. A pair of designer sunglasses sat atop her head. Her auburn hair was short and spiky—an obvious dye job. Her face was lined with age and mascara: she could’ve been fifty; she could’ve been eighty. The camouflage had been too expertly applied to tell. Her eyes were thin and dark; her lips thin and painted red; her smile was close-lipped, perpetually annoyed, forced—and thin. She wore black spike heels that were barely visible below the legs of her skin-tight designer denims. One foot tapped the floor impatiently. She held a large, hastily scribbled sign on white tag board that read:
YUCKO MYSICKI
The flight attendant spoke first after an uncomfortable initial silence. She had to speak up to be heard over the low empty echo of thousands of voices wandering past them in the mall of the airport.
“You are—YAE-KO’s—appointed guardian?” She enunciated Yaeko’s name slowly, as if to an idiot who just couldn’t figure it out after being told for the hundredth time.
The tapping foot under the designer jeans halted at once.
“I am,” said the woman, who spoke curtly with a slight Southern accent. Then she added a gruff “mm!” at the end, as if insulted by the impertinence of being corrected by someone obviously her inferior. She spat: “I’d forgotten the name. It’s been—what, three weeks? —since I’d last heard from Akimoto. And Izumi—”
“I’m required to check identification,” interrupted the attendant in a businesslike tone that clashed violently with what Yaeko had just heard moments earlier.
A tense moment. Then: “Mm!” followed by, “Very well, very well.” She dropped the sign forgetfully against a chair before unslinging her black, shiny purse, digging through it until she had produced her driver’s license, which she thrust resentfully into the attendant’s hand. The attendant eyed the identification carefully, taking more time than she needed before saying, “Adele D. Hoffman. Yes. Yes, this is fine … thank you. And—didn’t the hospital in Switzerland stay in touch with you during Yaeko’s stay there?”
The woman snatched her license back, cramming it sourly into her purse. “Yes, they did,” she snarled, “but you can hardly expect me to understand a bunch of spineless, cheese-eating frogs, mm!”
The insult had the desired effect: the attendant was shocked into silence. Adele D. Hoffman flashed an icy smile, then said hurriedly: “Now that’s settled, come on, come on, YAE-KO—” she smiled poisonously—“I’m paying for all the time my SUV sits in that damn parking lot, and I’m not paying for more than half an hour—so come, come …”
But the attendant had come around Yaeko’s wheelchair to face her once more. Adele D. Hoffman grunted “mm!” again, exasperated. The pretty woman knelt and offered Yaeko her hand. Yaeko grasped it gently. The attendant’s hand was soft and warm, as was her voice once more.
“Listen. You’ve got my card. And Dr. Akimoto is available too—you have his number and e-mail address—so call or write if you need to, okay?” She looked over her shoulder, then back at her. “Remember the music in your heart, Young Master, no matter what you face now ... or in the future.”
Yaeko nodded hesitantly.
“Yes. Well. Enough hero worship for one day,” Adele D. Hoffman said stiffly. “Let’s be going—now.” She looked at Yaeko’s two suitcases as though they had been soaked in the plague; she bent and grabbed them with obvious irritation, along with Yaeko’s black backpack, before turning and walking away without another word, as though expecting Yaeko to fall obediently in line behind her, which she did. Yaeko had twisted half about in her chair and was waving at the kind flight attendant when the skinny woman stopped abruptly and spun about on her high heels. Yaeko almost ran over her toes.
“Oh, and one more thing …” Adele D. Hoffman squinted at the gold name tag on the attendant’s breast pocket of her blue blazer. “Ah. Elizabeth Finnegan. I’ll be speaking to your supervisor tomorrow about your blatant lack of professionalism. And … you may wish to consider a higher-end line of mascara before you lose control of yourself again. You look like a depressed zebra—mm!”
She flashed a thin, cold, close-lipped smile, then snapped about and began walking again. “Come, come—YAE-KO,” she spoke to the air in front of her. Yaeko wheeled hard to keep up with the woman’s long, impatient strides.
Elizabeth Finnegan stared after the young girl in the wheelchair, feeling a horrible, helpless pity mixed with a swelling rage that pressed against her ribs and forehead. She stood still for a long time, the stream of humanity flowing around her, before turning to leave. The sign spelling YUCKO MYSICKI stood propped and forgotten against a chair.
~~*~~
“I was told you’d only have two bags—mm!” grunted Adele D. Hoffman as she adjusted Yaeko’s backpack over her bony shoulder before abruptly deciding to drop it unceremoniously and without warning into her lap, complaining, “Here. You’re not helpless; that is, not if what the hospital said about you is even half true—which I frankly doubt. They seemed to act like that fanatical stewardess back there, like you’re some sort of superstar or something.”
She grudgingly rehefted Yaeko’s two large suitcases, then complained: “No matter how fast you try to be in this godforsaken place, you can’t get in and out in half a measly hour. It’s a real racket they’re running here … mm! … And look! —it’s 12:15! I wasted time sparring with that horrible stewardess…. Thank God I don’t fly anymore—mm!”
Yaeko couldn’t hear every word the irritated woman in front of her was saying: the noises of the airport and the variously scattered throngs in it drowned out her constant kvetching. “These bags weigh an unholy ton!” she groused. “I was told, I remember being told, specifically told, that you would be bringing very few possessions. Mm!”
Yaeko hurried to keep up. It was strenuous, but she was in great shape: the year she had spent hospitalized hadn’t been all coma and tears—though it certainly felt like it had been many times…. She had bullied her way through her daily physical therapy, silently, almost maniacally—“an obvious form of anger management,” Dr. Akimoto commented to a colleague one day. And despite her numerous forays to the rooftop gardens to meet her friend Rudolph to paint, skipping her self-sufficiency classes, she became so proficient at taking care of herself she was eventually labeled “Spidergirl” by the nursing staff in the last few months of her stay. And though her English was still far from perfect, it was good enough that when she swore at her physical therapist, which was often (if not under her breath), she could do so reasonably confident that her expletives were grammatically correct. (Save one incident when her therapist smiled down at her as he painfully stretched her back. “No, Spidergirl,” he’d said. “It’s ‘goddamn jackass,’ not ‘jackass goddamn.’ The adjective comes first in English.”)
They came to a tremendous wall of automatic sliding-glass doors. Adele D. Hoffman walked straight towards the pair directly in front of her without slowing or looking behind her. The doors breezed open. As Yaeko passed through them, several steps behind her new guardian, a puff of warm, humid air washed over her. They crossed a very busy street and then entered into the muffled gloom of a mammoth parking garage. Her guardian was speaking again, but to the still, hot air in front of her, as though Yaeko weren’t worth looking at.
“As you have hopefully gathered by now, my name is Adele Hoffman….” Her spike heels sounded like individual popcorns popping in four-four time as she marched forward in the half-light. Her thin voice sounded even thinner in here.
“Of course,” she went on, “my friends call me Dee. You, however, may call me Adele or ‘Mrs. H.’….”
She tittered. It was mirthless and sharp, her abrupt mood change jarring. “I do like the last one: ‘Mrs. H.’ Much more endearing, like ‘Welcome Back, Kotter’ … you ever see that show?”
She slowed her gait, then turned and icily regarded the quiet girl wheeling silently behind her. “What am I saying? Of course not,” “Mrs. H.” spat. “Or the show was subtitled, mm! God, I hate movies with subtitles; people should be made to speak English in this country or be shipped away, it’s very simple, why liberals are allowed to exist is beyond me....”
She laughed bitterly. “I can just imagine ‘Welcome Back, Kotter’ in Japan ...” She became very stiff and regimented in her mockery: “‘Sensei Kotter, with all due and honorable respect …’ Mm! Why I ever married an Asian is beyond me … mm!”
When Yaeko didn’t respond, she turned sharply with another grunt and walked even more swiftly than before. After another minute she exclaimed, “Well! Here we are—finally. Mm!”
They were directly behind a very large tan vehicle, an SUV, whose back hatch and bumper were covered with stickers: a large one, a loop, fashioned after a faded yellow ribbon that read “Support the Troops”; a smaller sticker with an American flag on it with bold print that read “IF YOU CAN’T RESPECT THIS, YOU ARE FREE TO LEAVE!”; a black sticker with large yellow letters and a silhouette of a huge-breasted woman grasping a lasso and wearing a cowboy hat which read: “Save a horse, ride a cowboy!”; one that stated in four-inch red letters: “BUSH/CHENEY ’04: RIGHT FOR AMERICA”; and finally, in the lower right of the vehicle’s broad rear window, a cartoon character in a thinly striped T-shirt kneeling in prayer in front of the long shadow of a white cross.
The SUV was spotlessly clean and gleaming even here in the busy darkness of the parking garage. “Mrs. H.” pressed a button on her key chain. A loud double squawk sounded from the vehicle, causing Yaeko to start. The bony woman moved quickly and grabbed the hatch, lifting it. She dumped Yaeko’s bags into the back of the vehicle. She turned and grabbed her backpack from her lap without a word or even a glance at her, heaving it atop her suitcases as though it were junk. She reached up and slammed the hatch back down.
“Let’s not dawdle, parking is expensive!” she demanded. “This doesn’t have a loading ramp or any of that handicapped crap on it; you’ll have to hang on; get around to the passenger side and just wait a minute….”
She marched towards the driver-side door. “Move away from the car. I’ll back this out. Go on! We don’t have all day now…. Lord—mm! —I certainly don’t relish picking you up every time I need to take you somewhere—”
Yaeko turned and wheeled herself to the passenger-side door. She had more than enough room between Adele D. Hoffman’s vehicle and the car to its right. The door was unlocked. Yaeko pulled it open, and with what appeared to be inhuman ease, crawled her way up into the leather seat, clicking her seatbelt securely just as “Mrs. H.” came around to her side, leaning over the empty wheelchair to gawk at her.
“Well, aren’t you just a cute little Asian monkey!” she announced with a derisive smile. “Mind, you better not scratch this thing—I’ll take it out of that snooty jerk’s contract he got me to sign to take care of you.”
She inspected the door quickly for the nonexistent scratches before stooping to impatiently examine the wheelchair. “Ah. Here it is—” She depressed a small lever at the lower back of the wheelchair, which allowed it to collapse easily. As she hefted it into the backseat behind her, she said, “At least they’re building these things much lighter. Lord—mm! —how miserable…. If I were handicapped, I swear I’d shoot myself—or have my daughter do it. She’s married to a SEAL, a true American. You’ll meet him, I’m sure. She knows that kind of stuff. He showed her.” Then she leered: “Lord, he looks good in uniform—mm!”
It would be these “mm’s!” that Yaeko would remember most about Adele D. Hoffman in the end, for they were added to sentences redolent in anger and lust; they punctuated utterances filled with bigotry and intolerance; they peppered her diatribes about men and shopping and money—which, as she would soon surmise, were the most important things in the world to “Mrs. H.” Her “mm’s!” were her final, hopeless punctuations to her many indistinct, miserable periods, where she would do little else besides sit at her kitchen table, smoking cigarette after cigarette (despite having had one lung removed earlier in her life), while crying on the telephone to her four daughters over the crisis du jour. Her “mm’s!” were very like her existence: shallow, rigid, fear-filled and, ultimately, pointless.
They had been driving for ten minutes—“Mrs. H.” had a lead foot that made Yaeko grab the sides of her seat with white knuckles (thinking of the last time she was transported recklessly down a street)—when the bony woman pulled a cigarette from her purse and lighted it. She blew a ghostly streamer of acrid smoke out the corner of her slit-like mouth, regarding her from the side of her gaunt, gray-tinged face.
“I told those Swiss cheeses I wouldn’t smoke around you. But what they don’t know won’t kill them.”
Seeing no reaction, she stuck the cigarette in her mouth and then fished her cell phone out of her handbag, dialed it while weaving crazily in traffic. Then: “Hi. Yeah … she’s here…. Yeah. No, couldn’t get out of it [laughs]. Oh, well—nice paycheck [laughs]…. I know … and the damn parking cost me $10.50! Yeah … How are the kids? … Well, spank his pink little bottom! You can’t let those kids run roughshod, Amy, you know that…. If he kills one goldfish, he’ll kill the others too … don’t forget what he did to Mrs. Habersen’s cat— … Yes, yes, I told you I wouldn’t bring it up again, but this is important…. He squashed the fish? Mm! Is that brand new carpet ruined? No? Good…. No, get some good carpet cleaner; I may have some at home, come by later. Yeah, dinner sounds good Friday…. Give a shout later. I’ll be home in thirty minutes … Okay. Goodbye, sweetie….”
They entered a ramp that rose swiftly, merging them onto the Coronado Bay Bridge. Yaeko had spied this great bridge as her plane circled over San Diego, a gently curving fairy span that seemed to frame the skyscrapers beyond, as if buttressing them against the frightening expanse of the ocean they stood before. She had seen pictures of San Diego in her final days in Lausanne: now she was atop that very bridge, speeding over it at seventy miles per hour. Two hundred feet below the Bay of San Diego shimmered. 
The waters down there were hard and blue and unforgiving. In slips lining the bay’s banks to her left were tremendous ships: they were docked as far south as she could see. In the distance directly ahead, and across from the bay, was a very thin strip of sand with a road down its middle and lined in parts with large houses on the bay side, open ocean on the other. Very beautiful. Beyond, many miles out into the open Pacific, rocky islands rose above the opaque sea mist. Mexican islands? Wasn’t Imperial Beach just a few miles from the Mexican border? She looked but couldn’t see the pier she had flown over earlier; it was buried beneath that mist. The bridge curved to the right, descending as it did to a large green island whose far southern end tapered into the sandy strip. The island seemed quite pleasant from here, like a separate reality from the urban jungle behind her and the unpredictable ocean in the hazy white distance.
And now, just about to pass under the bridge itself, was a large white yacht. From way up here it appeared little more than a child’s toy. Yaeko found she couldn’t breathe past the smoke clouding the air in front of her…. And then, without willing it, she thought of suicide once again, this time of pulling herself up the bridge’s railing … and letting go. It would be a brief fall, perhaps not as far as from the hospital’s gardens…. She imagined that severe blue accelerating savagely up to smash her dead. It would be a clean and pure nanosecond of beautiful agony, like a staccato note from her violin—and then eternal rest. Her parents and Amon and Izumi waited on the other side of that note, just as they did past the salty fluid curtain of her endless tears. It was suicide she had thought of most this past year; perhaps not in such austere, stark terms, but through the seeping sense of the waste of her life, magnified by her staggering losses, which pressed her, more and more, toward the realization that her life, for all intents and purposes, was already over, and that her biological existence had simply not realized it yet.
Adele D. Hoffman tapped her cigarette into the ashtray on the dashboard. She said, “We’re only going over this bridge to give you the experience. Akimoto’s suggestion. Personally I hate it, I can’t stand the thought of an earthquake bringing it down—especially if the grandkids were in here, mm! So I always take the five. It’s why I own an SUV: much safer than those silly little tin boxes made where you come from…. You certainly don’t talk much, do you? God forbid you know no English … You’re in America now, and English is our official—and only—language. All you foreigners and liberals will just have to deal with it—mm!”
They sped down the bridge’s south incline and zoomed into Coronado—the pleasant green island Yaeko had noticed moments earlier. Adele D. Hoffman pointed out how wealthy the community was, how many retired admirals lived here, how the crime rate was nearly zero, how she would live here “in a heartbeat” were it not for the extraordinarily expensive real estate prices.
“I’m not properly of Imperial Beach, of course,” she said as she waved her dwindling cigarette airily. “I’m a Coronadan at heart. Yes, yes,” she said as if stating the obvious. “I suppose that makes me a princess, and you know what? I don’t care. I’m not alone either, you know …”
She grinded the lipstick-stained stump of the cigarette into the ashtray. “There are many Coronadans that live in I.B. but refuse to deal with its … well, for want of a better word, taint—”
She stopped herself short. After a long stretch of uneasy silence she reached a skeletal finger for the dashboard and stabbed a button, turning on the radio. Country music blared suddenly all around Yaeko in crystal-clear stereo: a song about taking pride in working long days, changing diapers, going to church Sundays, and being a war-supporting patriot. The song included a fiddle, which screeched in the background.
“Mrs. H.” eyed her charge suspiciously, adjusting the volume to a barely tolerable level, before saying:
“I’m aware—I mean, I was told every time those spitting frogs called me, it seemed—that you were this Big Huge Thing in Japan, and maybe even the world, though that’s debatable…. I mean, okay, you won a few Grammys, though—” she chuckled sarcastically—“they gave one out during a commercial—don’t know if anybody bothered telling you that—which should tell you how truly important classical music is. It’s obvious to me as well that you are used to—and who knows, maybe even like—wild-eyed fanatics like that little freak of a stewardess back there in the airport. Maybe—maybe—you were at one point something important to a select few here in the United States. Maybe. But I personally don’t know anybody who’s even heard of you, even with the awards show. I’ve asked around, so I can’t tell what the fuss is all about, truth be told....
“Well. The point is this: I listened to some of your music. I really didn’t find anything all that spectacular about it; all classical music sounds the same, really; but honestly I only listened for a minute or two—Akimoto insisted upon it, something called ‘Sacred Songs’-or-other, mm! … Beethoven … yes, yes, you were playing Beethoven, I recall—though Beethoven was an atheist, so there was nothing sacred at all about what you were playing….” 
The stoplight they were idling in front of turned green and the SUV lurched forward, accelerating hugely. “Mrs. H.” continued: “I suppose I should tell you—I’m a brutally honest person, you know, a trait of all Pisces—you follow astrology? Anyway, I hate that nose-in-the-air crap classical music. I prefer good solid country, true American music, so before you get your high-falutin’ foreign attitude up—as I’m sure happened when you were all famous or whatever—I’m going to warn you now not to. And I’ll thank you not to play it in my home. Pastor Singer—he’s my and my daughters’ pastor—tells me much of it is actually demonic and pagan. And while I’m thinking of it, you are absolutely forbidden from worshipping the Buddha or any other half-naked navel-gazing savage in my Christian home, is that clear?”
Yaeko felt herself clutching the business card given to her by the kind flight attendant as though it were some sort of lifeline.
Adele D. Hoffman lighted another cigarette, then took a long drag.
“And while we’re on the subject, Izumi left you something. It’s from his will, apparently. It was shipped here just a few weeks before you arrived. It’s supposedly very valuable—I was told that repeatedly, mm! —but I’m telling you right now”—she tapped her cigarette rapidly over the ashtray—“if it’s one of those fat, pot-bellied pagan idols, I don’t care how much it’s worth, I will toss it out on the instant, do you understand?”
Yaeko had silently predicted the “mm!” that would come when she did not reply. She was not disappointed. The air in the cabin of the SUV was foggy with cigarette smoke and fairly blaring with the simplistic ramblings of American country music. Yaeko hoped that Adele D. Hoffman would stop speaking and—as distastefully as doing so was—decided to focus on the music, in the thought that somehow this would block her off totally.
And in fact there was a long blessed period when the woman next to her didn’t speak. The music poured on, creating a welcome, if not nauseating, psychic buffer between them.
They were whipping down the thin strip of sand Yaeko had seen from atop the bridge. The calm water of the bay was on her left, a glassy sapphire blue; the expanse to her right, in contrast, was open Pacific Ocean, jade green and turbulent with wind. Large, long waves rolled ponderously over themselves towards her, translucent liquid emeralds. As the waves broke, beautiful rainbow veils formed and fell over the collapsing curls; what was left then formed painfully bright white foaming lines that raced shoreward before being pulled back out by a new, advancing front. There were strollers and joggers on the Pacific side, as well as the occasional groups of surfers bedecked in black wetsuits and bobbing on their boards. And here … men and women had attached splendid multicolored sails to long, nearly invisible strings that ended at long handles. They were sailing and surfing at the same time—! as though the wind were the puppetmaster and they willingly at the whims of this most capricious handler…. And Yaeko, who had cried enough, felt the enormous weight of very familiar grief descend upon her in its ever-familiar fashion … for her legs would never work again, and so she’d never be able to do such a wonderful thing as sail the surf of the ocean, or even bathe in the foamy froth as it rushed ashore.
A long, lengthy mound of beach sand fronted by aging military equipment occluded her view presently, and when it finished speeding by, there it was, just visible in the mist that tried to hide it: the pier she had flown over.
From here, miles distant, and just as it did from the air, it appeared to protrude into infinity, to challenge it, as if it were perched on eternity’s very lip. And in those few scant moments before another long mound of tan beach sand blocked it permanently from view, Yaeko forgot her grief completely. A great sense of peace stole over her, an affirmation really, wordless and heady.
But Adele D. Hoffman had started speaking again … something about home schooling … a tutor would be coming by twice a week…. More rules … more grunting … She hated having to stay home during the upcoming tutoring sessions, she was a busy, busy woman, Yaeko wasn’t famous anymore, the crash had ended that, so why in God’s good name should she be sheltered from people who wouldn’t know her anyway? … More grunting ... another cigarette being lighted … The song playing now was a love song: a breathy woman with a twangy lilt wailing on about “her man” and his cowboy boots and chewing tobacco and how that other woman couldn’t love him like she could…. The air was soupy with cigarette smoke…. The mist over the ocean was soupy with mystery…. Yaeko’s soul was soupy with the contradictions of the burning desire to live, to be—but also to end her existence, to give up, once and for all…. The pressure building inside her skull was splitting her in half…. The song on the radio now was about “kicking ass” and proudly flying a flag on one’s SUV… “Mrs. H.” was crowing to it, horribly off key…. They were approaching a stoplight … They were now in Imperial Beach, her bony guardian announced … A car swerved in front of them … Adele D. Hoffman was honking and cursing at the driver, her cigarette flinging ashes between them—the driver was offering an obscene gesture in return out his window…. And now: side streets, homes, turns into more side streets … a two-story house with a dilapidated wheelchair ramp; they were here: “Hurry up, hurry up!” “Mrs. H.” had things to do, no time to dawdle…. More rules…. “Here’s your bedroom …” Yet more rules … something more about pagan idols: she was pointing at a rectangular box, heavily taped, sitting in the corner, sitting in shadow…. Izumi’s brother was a total jerk, a typical male, so was Izumi, why she married that slant-eyed slug was a total mystery; that box had better not contain contraband, all teenagers do drugs, she knows, she raised four of them, they all “experimented” but were clean now, clean and saved Christian souls like she…. Yaeko should consider becoming Christian, otherwise hellfire awaited her, Buddhists are godless and destined to burn; famous people almost always worshipped the devil, “Mrs. H.”’s pastor had told her; there really is nothing great about being a classical musician or violinist; after all, the violin is only an instrument, and Yaeko’s playing days were over; being a mother is much more commendable, having babies and going to church…. Why couldn’t you learn to fiddle to country music…?
And then …
Time seemed to congeal thickly into a single, shapeless, numb mass of colorless experience: days, weeks, months spent in her new, small bedroom, now intimately familiar, from the lonely spider web in the corner under her bedroom window, one that kept coming back, time and again, despite Adele D. Hoffman’s repeated “mm’s!” and evermore copious amounts of insecticide (which gave Yaeko intense headaches and a burning sensation in her throat)—to the odd indentations in the spackle of her ceiling. She’d study the spider, delighting in its refusal to die; she’d study the indentations, looking for patterns in them. Endless hours passed, endless days, endless weeks ... all passed by meaninglessly, hopelessly.
In one corner, near the door, was a large cardboard box of children’s toys, one pilfered each Sunday after church by three of her guardian’s four visiting grandchildren, kids who regarded Yaeko as little more than a living, breathing museum piece, and who had resented her immediately, as she had taken over what was once their playroom. “Mrs. H.”’s four daughters were women of various shapes and sizes, but with the exact same attitude and philosophy toward life: life was, in order, money, “men in uniform,” shopping, and hairstyles. Between the four daughters there were four children: a son and daughter, six and seven years old, respectively, who belonged to the eldest daughter, the one married to the SEAL, a short, muscular man named Bill; a six-year-old girl belonging to the second-eldest daughter; and an infant girl that belonged to the youngest of Adele D. Hoffman’s progeny, one who had recently divorced (“Typical man; all men are jerks!”). The three older grandchildren would often barge in on Yaeko and press their thumbs to their temples, narrowing their eyes and screaming as if from a bad martial arts movie. Invariably, one of the daughters would show up behind them and shoo them out with nary a look at her. But they never reprimanded their kids, only telling them to find something else to do. The children inevitably screamed each time, “But I’m bored!”—and ten minutes later would barge in again, ninja-screaming and kicking the air.
Weeks ago, after one of these incidents, Yaeko went to find the business card the flight attendant had given her. She had hidden it under one of her Grammy awards, which sat on her dresser. But it wasn’t there; it was nowhere to be found. She had stared at that card during the ride from the airport, now months in the past; she had memorized the address on it—but not the telephone number. Now, with the card gone, she recited the attendant’s address aloud to herself. She wrote it on a scrap piece of paper, which she also hid. But it felt good to just say it, as if the verbal incantation would someday become a magic spell that would whisk her to the kind attendant’s home in the magical land known as Mission Hills without any further effort.
Yaeko thought of Dr. Akimoto; she thought of the network waiting for word from her should “any trouble arise.” But she refused to even consider calling or writing. For what would she say? What specific trouble had arisen for her? She thought again: What would she say? That in fact her life had ended long ago, that what she was living with now—this hell, this horrible, hateful woman—was her ultimate destiny, her final reward?
The truth? The truth was that the angry god had wanted her to live after all. He had condemned her to this: to exist in a forgotten half life in a lonesome ten-by-twelve-foot bedroom, her music forever stifled, her soul wilting as a plant wilts after being tossed into a dark closet, forgotten and ignored. The angry god had reserved his harshest judgment for her: the twin Angels of Death, brilliant and fierce, had done their work well.



Chapter 10
Beer Coaster
Mrs. H.” worked as a legal secretary, and so was gone each day until nearly six p.m.(save Tuesdays and Thursdays when she’d come grunting home at two to “monitor” Yaeko’s tutoring session; whereby, when it was completed ninety minutes later, she’d grunt right back out the door without a single word to her). From her short marriage to Izumi’s brother, Adele D. Hoffman’s home was still wheelchair-accessible and relatively easy to get around in. (Izumi’s brother had himself suffered a debilitating car crash many years ago and was wheelchair-bound; he had won an enormous settlement and met Adele D. Hoffman, the secretary of the attorney representing him, the very next day.) Yaeko fed herself and bathed herself: the kitchen and bathroom she used were nicely modified for wheelchair use. “It’s just too damned expensive to normalize,” “Mrs. H.” commented to one of her daughters over the phone one late evening. Yaeko listened to snippets of the conversation through her closed door. “Guess I should’ve had it done, mm! … Yes, yes, it’s a nice paycheck. But still …” 
Yaeko spent most of her days in her bedroom, watching the light crawl up the room’s bare walls, brightening steadily, before descending, lengthening, mellowing, disappearing … as yet another twilight was swallowed up into still black night. She listened closely as each day ran its course: to the occasional car that passed by, or the twittering, bickering birds in the thick brush just under her bedroom window, or the sounds of laughter as schoolchildren walked by each day at 3:30. At six a large car door slamming shut could be heard; Adele D. Hoffman had returned from another day’s work. The sound of locks being unlocked; the front door opening with an impatient creak next. Keys cluttering against the wood of a cabinet top; the television—which was on every moment Adele D. Hoffman was home, even while she slept—coming on seconds later: the nightly news or some game show; then … the sounds and smells of dinner being prepared, followed by a short, unfriendly grunt of “Dinner!” Yaeko’s part of the ritual commenced then: she wheeled herself from the cocoon of her bedroom to the dining room table. The thin, nicotine-faced woman already sitting there and eating never greeted her. For no apparent reason at all she’d occasionally utter a punctuated “Mm!” as she chewed without joy; when she did address her it was to scold her: “It wouldn’t hurt you to lend a hand around here every now and then!” “It won’t kill you to get to know my daughters and their kids, you know English, that tutor says you are superb at it, so you can’t use that excuse with me—mm!”
It was the only thing Yaeko looked forward to: her biweekly meetings with her tutor. He was a young teacher, with fine long blond hair and sapphire-blue eyes, a surfer turned teacher, one with classic California good looks; he had been employed by the school district to visit Yaeko and give her a week’s worth of lessons in English, reading, mathematics, earth science, and U.S. history. He’d stay ninety minutes, sometimes even two hours (to Adele D. Hoffman’s impatient grunts). Yaeko would hand in her homework the next meeting, all very neatly done, and patiently await the next round of assignments that would take her through the weekend and into the next week. The tutor introduced new work to her; he’d explain difficult terms or English phrases that might trip her up; he earnestly tried drawing her out. But despite his mellow demeanor and boyish good looks, couldn’t. 
One day, near the end of a long session—and with the skeletal woman grunting every five minutes over the railing of the stairs that led to her bedroom—he spoke suddenly, interrupting his lesson on linear equations. “I … I’m a U2 fan myself, Yaeko,” he said gently, “but ...” He shifted uneasily in his chair next to her, as though he was breaking some strict rule and knew it. “... but I’ve … I’ve heard your music….” He looked into her eyes. “I mean, a lot of people have, I suppose ... It’s astonishing, Yaeko. I’ve never heard a violin played like that before. I mean … do you … do you still play?”
Another grunt above them … the sound of footsteps advancing huffily back to the master bedroom … the jarring sound of a door slamming shut….
“Yaeko?”
She peered past the dining room table where they sat and into the shadowy confines of her bedroom—to the one corner of her bedroom, in her line of sight now, that she avoided looking at as much as possible. In that corner stood a large rectangular cardboard box, untouched and unopened, a parcel sent from Japan just a few weeks before she came here, to America, the scribbling on it in Izumi Ishikawa’s handwriting. She did not respond to her tutor, but glanced at him, then handed him her assigned work from the previous week, completed and flawless. She never told him she completed each week’s worth of assignments in a single day, that she had read every text cover to cover, had already answered every single question, had solved every single problem in them, and had merely transcribed the necessary answers from work already completed to match his assignments.
He took her assignments, gave them a cursory once-over, and then continued, his voice apologetic: “I don’t mean to pry. Dr. Akimoto has me report to him on you every month. I don’t know if you know that. He really likes you, Yaeko. He tells me you have a real fan club at the hospital in Switzerland; apparently the nurses and therapists ask after you all the time. And frankly, I can see why. Even in your silence there is something in you that … that inspires others, me included.”
She looked at him. Seconds passed in silence.
“I should be going …” He stood hesitantly and gathered his things, then made for the door. He turned as he opened it. Smiled at her reassuringly. “Next week, then.”
Several hours later, she heard the familiar growl: “Dinner!”
She wheeled to the table. Spooned macaroni and cheese onto her plate. Started eating. Suddenly Adele D. Hoffman slammed her fork down on the table and spoke, her voice low and menacing. “You are not special, young lady. I don’t care how talented you—or that leering tutor—think you are. You’ve clearly been very spoiled your entire life, but let me tell you, I didn’t spoil my kids and I certainly won’t spoil you—mm! Believe you me: tomorrow I’m calling that infernal prison of a middle school and enrolling you. YOU ARE NOT SPECIAL!”
A week later came another outburst.
“I will not tolerate a pagan idol in this household! Now either open that stupid box, missy, or I will throw it out tomorrow morning!”
“You will not throw it out,” said Yaeko in a near whisper.
“Mrs. H.” sat still, stunned. This was the very first time Yaeko had ever spoken to her. But the shock of six months’ silence didn’t last long: Adele D. Hoffman’s face went crimson red, tinged tobacco gray. “This is my home!” she shrieked. “And it is a saved Christian home! How dare you tell me how to run it!”
“If you destroy it, I will report you,” said Yaeko. “I will write the hospital. You are being paid handsomely to host me.”
The thin slits of Adele D. Hoffman’s eyes widened even more, her face almost purple. She appeared on the verge of bursting into an uncontrollable rage.
“If you remove it or touch it, I will report you,” Yaeko repeated, unafraid. “And”—she was guessing wildly now—“you will face harsh penalties.”
The explosion came.
“THIS IS A SAVED CHRISTIAN HOME! I WILL NOT—”
“It is an object of worship, yes,” she spoke very quietly, “but it is not Buddhist or Christian or pagan.”
“Mrs. H.” was completely taken aback. Then her bony face, still colored like a beet, tightened into utter contempt, as though she were dealing with a belligerent idiot.
“That’s impossible,” she snapped. “There is no such thing.”
But Yaeko did not respond.
~~*~~
Bill the SEAL had returned from another tour of duty overseas. Adele D. Hoffman worshipped Bill. Bill was, she told Yaeko at every available opportunity, a “true American.” Yaeko could never figure out what that meant, save being in the military, going on tours of duty where he could kill many human beings, and then returning home to brag of it drunkenly to the kids and family. Bill had leered at Yaeko the first time he met her. “My, you are a pretty little nip,” he murmured creepily. “So … got in a car crash, eh? I’m sure those skinny little junior high school wannabes still chat ya’ up, whaddya say?”
But his wife, “Mrs. H.’s” eldest daughter, corrected him. “It’s middle school, honey, and besides, she’s homeschooled.”
“Too bad. A bit shy, ain’t she?” He wrinkled his shapeless nose playfully at her.
Now, many weeks later, the same basic exchange had just taken place. But now Yaeko heard:
“She doesn’t speak, Bill.” Adele D. Hoffman reached over the table, flicking the ashes of her cigarette into a clamshell ashtray. “Except when she’s busy ordering me around.”
Bill was a short, stocky, muscular man with a stiff butch haircut and tattoos on his oversized arms. He leaned over the table towards Yaeko, grasping a half-empty beer bottle, his eighth. His breath was stale with cigar smoke and alcohol, and hot. He was six inches away. He smiled at her. “Cat got the pretty nip’s tongue—’cept when she wants her way?”
“She’s had her way her whole life, I suspect—mm!” said Adele D. Hoffman bitterly. Then: “Bill, hon, leave her alone.” She took a drag from a fresh cigarette, exhaling as she spoke. “She’s crafty, like all her kind, and would like nothing more than report me.” Yaeko’s bone-thin guardian had been drinking heavily too; now she eyed her from behind lazily rising ropes of cigarette smoke, her eyes narrowed in critical appraisal of her charge. “You—YAE-KO,” she blew more smoke from the barely opened corner of her mouth, “to your room. Now.”
She was getting used to such confrontations, though it still unnerved her when the SEAL came close to her. She wheeled from the table and into the blackness of her bedroom, quietly and quickly closing the door behind her. Her door had a lock; she locked it. She needed to use the bathroom, but doing so would involve going back out there, in front of them, crossing in front of them to the first floor bathroom. The prospect made her shudder. She would stay here and suffer instead.
Much later, lying motionless in bed, she heard drunken laughter. They had been playing country music, and very loudly; now it had gone abruptly silent save the noises of adults laughing hysterically. “Mrs. H.” spoke up, her voice shrill and thick with booze-emboldened flirtation, “Oh, Billy, really … it isn’t that bad!”
Someone moved … or stumbled … there were sounds of staggering footsteps and the thin clinking of bottles. Then the music changed—radically. Somebody had cranked the volume of the stereo way, way up: it wasn’t country music any longer. It was her, Yaeko’s, music, from her Sacred Solos LP. Her violin sang out to her, cried to her in its gaiety and victory, muffled through her bedroom door. It cried to her as nothing else had these many months: it flashed into her as vivid images, made melodically surreal: a gray Lausanne street floating up to smash her to jelly; the cold blue waters of San Diego Bay rising to crush her; the mellowing of another dying, nondescript day as she sat immobile in her wheelchair, staring blankly outside, watching the light fade from her room until she was lost in the darkness….
But also: the joy of being, of passion, of playing her song, that song, the song not on the CD, the one unrecorded and unheard save for a very few souls … the power that song unleashed inside her ... the supreme joy it had brought to those few others, all dead now, all of them…. She could still see Izumi’s face that first day when he interviewed her … the wonder, the elation, the feeling of … communion? She had been playing it for Amon. And Amon … who seemed lost in a trance whenever she played it for him: not the trance of a victim, but of a god; and no, not a trance, but an easy sense of acceptance: the unconflicted consciousness of living that settles and inspires. His eyes told her … Izumi’s words told her ... her parents’ embrace told her ...
The music outside the lonely cubicle of her bedroom became louder still.
There was Rudolph, dead too, along with those pastel afternoons of shared solitude—her bladder ached badly now; she had no idea how much longer she could hold it in—there was Rudolph and his gaunt, sickly face anchored by eyes stolen from heaven’s treasure chest.... His face—those eyes—as she played him that song, the one deepest in her heart, the one she could not silence, not even now—now, when she could hear her own passion playing for an audience absolutely contemptuous of it. Was she guilty of that same contempt—for her own life?
The tears ran down her cheeks, soaking her pillow on both sides of her face. They were laughing again: the daughter was laughing so hard she hiccuped between punctuated shrieks. “Mrs. H.” said, “Enough, enough! Get this vile crap off already. Seriously, Bill. You can stomach it, you’re a trained killer, you’d eat a dead rhino’s backside in the desert to survive. But we ladies might just get sick on you. C’mon now … Bill, honey, Bill … Bill! —c’mon—please?”
An hour later the party ended. Yaeko waited another ten minutes before rising and wheeling herself past the darkened living room to the bathroom. On her way back to her bedroom she noticed that the Sacred Solos by Yaeko Mitsaki CD had been used as a beer coaster, a half-empty beer bottle sitting on top of it.
~~*~~
The months blended together, indistinct from one another, like different dishes that all tasted completely the same. Yaeko’s days passed, one after another, spiceless and undifferentiated. She rarely left the confines of the home; when she did it was for strictly necessary activities: doctors’ appointments and the like. She had no curiosity for the outside world; and her inside world was little more than limp celery tinged with stale cigarette smoke. Occasionally she would wake, deep in the night, to hear the ocean’s constant roar, freed from the monotonous din of human activity that blanketed it during the day. She could hear individual waves breaking: it sounded like a sudden, almost subsonic crack followed by the familiar foamy rush of water. She fantasized about sailing those waves, like those surfers were so long ago … She thought of the veils over those waves, how beautiful they were, how serene, the incredible rainbows that formed over them … how much she wished she were a veil, to blow back from existence and mist over eternity once and for all. Adele D. Hoffman’s home was less than five blocks from the Pacific Ocean, but she had never visited it, or the Pier she remembered flying over. She saw no need.
The blond-haired tutor said to her one day in mid-June, “Your guardian has insisted you go to school next year with the other kids, Yaeko. So this fall you’ll start eighth grade at Imperial Beach Middle School. Or … at least, that’s the plan right now….” He spoke very quietly, as if wary that the grunting woman might overhear from the landing above them.
He glanced up towards the landing, then back at her.
“Truth is, Yaeko,” he said, “you should probably be in college, not in middle school or even high school. Your work is better than the typical high schooler’s—or even the atypical high schooler’s. But in its infinite wisdom the district feels that instead of the exit exam—one you’d easily pass—you should be required to attend middle school. And your guardian strongly agrees—though her attitude in the meetings was hopefully a factor that argued against the decision, not for it.”
A long, drawn-out stretch of silence.
“Yaeko?”
She turned to look at him. He was trying to help her, he really was. He was trying to help her—but she knew it now: she was beyond help, his or anybody else’s.
“The thing is ...” He seemed to be steeling himself. “The thing is,” he said more resolutely and slowly, “you’ve been crushed by life … and … and I know you’re terribly depressed. Believe me, I—heck, anybody—would be too. Lord,” he shook his head, “I can’t imagine the work you’d produce if you were happy and motivated….” 
He sat forward and stared strongly into her eyes. “I mean, the thing is, my friend, this—today—is our last session this school year, but I don’t want to leave you … well, here—” he motioned around the dining room—“or worse, here—” He pointed at her heart. “It feels like a monstrous crime, like … like murder or something … leaving you to wallow alone all summer in this … well, this upholstered, stale-smelling hellhole.”
Yaeko did not speak, and fought a terrible internal battle to stop the tears from returning. But try as she might, her eyes filled and burned with them, and her tutor’s unflinching stare hardened even more.
“That’s what I thought,” he whispered gently. “You’re a warrior, Yaeko Mitsaki. And try as you might—and you have been trying since your coma, I’m sure of it—you can’t kill that warrior. You just can’t. The tears prove it.”
He reached into his backpack, pulled out a gray portable CD player and black headphones.
“Here,” he said, laying them on the table in front of her. “I want you to have these. And—” he pulled out a CD—“here’s something to listen to. Try the very first track.” He smiled. “It isn’t classical, but hey ...” He reached a hand to her cheek and gently wiped a tear away.
“This is a monstrous world, Yaeko,” he continued. “But without spirits like yours in it, it would have perished long ago; this much I am certain. I don’t know if that’s a good thing or not, to be perfectly honest. We humans have perverted or butchered or exterminated so much … but perhaps there is still enough good remaining in the world to justify having such beauty continue to spin it—or inspire fifteen-dollar-an-hour idealists like me.”
He gathered his things and stood. He looked down at her for a long time, his face etched with concern. “I don’t want you to worry: I’ve tried to paint Dr. Akimoto a cheerful picture about you. I’m not sure he believes me—and I’m not sure I’ve done the right thing by you by doing so. Maybe not, huh? But I think you’ll figure it out on your own. From what I know about you, and all I’ve heard, you always have, really....”
And so with his words in her mind it came to her over the next two weeks the decision to finally end her life. She had figured it out, yes. And when the decision was truly made, so too came the means, and instantly, as if it, the decision, were simply waiting for her to consciously choose it to reveal itself in all its stark simplicity.
The large unopened cardboard box in the corner of her bedroom no longer frightened her—or even mattered to her. In the very early morning moonlight of June thirtieth, her chosen day to die, she woke, bathed very quietly, and dressed. She knew she could move about without detection if she did so gently: Adele D. Hoffman’s bedroom television set, which was on all night, every night, would drown out her movements nicely. She sat at the dining room table and completed a letter; she sealed, addressed, and affixed a stamp to it before wheeling back to her bedroom.
The box stood in the corner, illuminated by the ghostly lunar glow. It stood as an enigma holding miracles both wonderful and terrible for she with courage enough to unravel its secrets. But not even courage had a place in her world now; and so, after a long moment’s consideration, she wheeled to her dresser, grabbing the CD player and CD her tutor had given her. She placed the gold disc into the player and put the headphones on. She hadn’t used the player since he had given it to her two weeks ago; now it seemed entirely appropriate. Under the moon’s unwavering silver stare, she depressed the PLAY button. She fished for the volume control, thumbing it as high as it would go before placing the player next to her hip. Then she wheeled to the box in the corner, a letter opener in her lap.
The box was well sealed. And now the music rang in her ears, haunting, driving, freeing:
I want to run, I want to hide …
She opened the box’s top. The valuable contents were well packed with little Styrofoam fingers and bubble plastic—
I want to tear down the walls that hold me inside …
The box had some heft to it, but wasn’t difficult to lift. She grasped it and tipped it, smiling. The Styrofoam poured over her lap, spilling to the floor. The plastic bubbles left inside kept Izumi’s gift from spilling out as well. She laid the box on her legs and reached inside it for a set of cardboard dividers; with some effort she yanked them out—
I want to reach out and touch the flame …
Underneath the dividers was another cardboard box. It came out of its parent slowly and grudgingly. But finally Yaeko had a firm grip on it; using her letter opener she slashed liberally through the top layers of plastic bubbles hugging it. She grasped the very heart of the enigma, pulling it up, pulling it free—
—Where the streets have no name—
The violin case was encased in more bubble wrap. She tore it away. She was surrounded by glowing white Styrofoam and glistening bubble wrap in the pale moonlight. She opened the case.
I want to feel sunlight on my face …
The violin she brought up was the most beautiful she had ever seen. The wood, the strings, the fingerboard, the pegs and fittings … seemed so perfectly constructed, so joyously integrated, that she felt as though that which she beheld here in the moonlight had been forged from Heaven itself: a single piece of essential magic made manifest, to come to rest here, in her very grasp. And then, at that very moment, she felt just as she had moments before the car crash: like she could breathe … forever.
The dust cloud disappears without a trace …
There was an inscription in the wood on its back. Yaeko brought the instrument close to her face. The inscription read:
Antonius Stradiuarius Cremonensis Faciebat Anno 1714
She removed the bow from the box and beheld it for a long time, as a master archer admires the craftsmanship of a fine arrow ...
I want to take shelter from the poison rain …
She smiled. This is how it would end, yes. For this was how it had begun.
Adele D. Hoffman would wake in a couple of hours. But she, Yaeko, would be long gone by then. Her guardian would not hear her leave in just a few moments: the emaciated woman’s blaring, obnoxious bedroom television had become Yaeko’s final ally and sentinel. Since “Mrs. H.” never checked on her before leaving for work, she’d be many hours out of the know by the time she returned home much later. Yaeko’s body would be difficult to identify, if found at all: her anonymity guaranteed that. Adele D. Hoffman would remain clueless for … a day? Days? Truly, it did not matter.
She turned to place the Stradivarius on her unmade bed, and that’s when she noticed it: an envelope lying half buried under a small hill of white Styrofoam fingers, almost perfectly camouflaged beneath them. It took some effort, but she finally grasped it from the carpeted floor and turned it over. It bore her name on the front. A final letter from Izumi. On her final day of life. 
On the day that she would fiddle with eternity.
—Where the streets have no name—



Chapter 11
Fiddling With Eternity
She had dressed warmly. She was glad she did: the still, misty air was quite chilly, the silver radiance of the full moon now hidden behind very low clouds, which had moved soundlessly ashore. But her efforts toward her own comfort made her laugh—and her laugh startled her. She hadn’t laughed even once since the night of the crash, now a lifetime ago. Her own comfort, now meaningless, brought a string of giggles up from her depths, and their genuineness seemed to feed back upon itself, creating more. It took some time for them to subside, and by the time they did she had left Adele D. Hoffman’s home once and for all. She didn’t even bother to look back at it as she wheeled alongside her guardian’s large tan SUV, turning right when she gained the sidewalk.
She advanced speedily down the sleeping neighborhood streets. The sun was still a good hour from rising, the hopeful half-light typical of so many southern California mornings gone. The low clouds seemed almost solid, a dome of gloomy cathedral gray. Clouds that hung so low that she felt like ducking under them as she moved along. The air was spiced with sea salt, the vines and flowers and lawns she passed sprinkled with globules of dewdrops, tiny liquid worlds all their own. The universe was still; Yaeko Mitsaki moved freely within it.
She moved west towards the Pacific Ocean, Izumi’s Stradivarius safely in the wheelchair’s back pouch, in its case, the bow sheathed in its fine burgundy silken cover next to it. She wheeled quickly, the regular sounds of her breathing and the whispering hiss of her wheelchair’s tires as they zipped through the occasional puddle the only noises to be heard. She felt violently free, a wrongly condemned prisoner suddenly sprung from captivity. She wanted to cry and laugh at the same time. She rolled confidently, quickly, impatiently even: the blocks sped by, the homes muted and colorless under the slate sky, soundless sentinels standing at attention for the intent girl passing before them. And then, quite suddenly ...
She was at Seacoast Drive, and the beach was there, across the street.
She had one more duty to perform, and then she could die.
It took her a long time and an extended diversion north along the deserted beachside street before she spotted what she was looking for: a blue mailbox. It was at the corner of Seacoast Drive and Palm Avenue, six blocks from where she started looking. The box was next to a white run-down building with two-foot-tall letters painted in battleship gray over its chipping paint. The letters spelled out YE SCURVY DOG. She studied the structure for a moment before wheeling up to the corner mailbox, depositing her letter inside it, listening as the hatch swung shut with an amplified clatter. 
She turned about, hesitating, and examined the building again. After another half minute of consideration she crossed the street, pressing ahead to the walkway leading to the edifice’s main entrance. YE SCURVY DOG was very obviously a bar, its dark windows cluttered with unlighted neon beer signs. The sidewalk continued past the building for some forty feet, ending abruptly at a series of thick wooden posts marking the end of the establishment’s parking lot. Past these was a ten-yard-wide strip of sand, hardened by the retreating high tide that had slopped over the seawall just beyond. The seawall itself was split widely in half: between it was a raised rectangular concrete platform that fronted a long jumble of dark boulders that thrust out in a long line into the open sea, like looking down the craggy black back of some partially-beached sea monster. She rolled between the posts and then over the thin layer of hard sand with minimal difficulty. The platform was easily accessible. She pushed ahead onto it, and gazed past the jetty and over the leaden surf, which was still held under the heavy somnolent blanket of pre-dawn light.
She beheld the end of her world.
At the end of her world was the Pier. It reached over the water, strikingly beautiful, as if focused into hyperreality by a perfect lens, as though the occasionally obscuring fog and murky gray couldn’t blur its essential nature. It was just south of her, a half-mile distant, thin and long and solitary, the orange lights lining its walkway like guiding stars or guards standing at respectful attention. At its very end a lonely bright blue light shone atop the solitary structure there, like a beacon beckoning her. An American flag waved just above it. It was there, the Pier, she must go now; it was there she could finally end her relentless, monotonous suffering. She stared at the Imperial Beach Pier for a long time, fearlessly anticipating her very last moments of life. The Pier was inviting her. She would come.
Before she turned to leave the platform she remembered a poem, one she had read over and over again. It was a poem her tutor had introduced to her as part of an English assignment months ago. She spoke into the roar of the oncoming surf:
“…All things have been and all things shall go on
Before me and when I am gone;
This self that cries out for eternity
Is what shall pass in me:
The tree remains, the leaf falls from the tree …”
Ten minutes later she was gliding soundlessly through the wide plaza at the foot of the Pier. The plaza was abandoned, the shops in its lone building closed up. She wheeled past it, barely noticing it, her chin locked forward, her gaze set straight in front of her. The Pier stretched before her as the hospital’s empty hallways once did. She advanced without hesitation upon it.
The wooden planks beneath her wheels were not quite smooth, making progress up the structure’s slight rise bumpy at times. Yaeko didn’t notice. She was staring ahead, moving with ever-greater urgency, aiming for the building at the Pier’s distant tip, her rapidly moving hands acting in unison, in a blur, pressing the chair’s wheels at either side of her for more and more speed. She fixed her gaze on the blue light shining from the building’s tower at the Pier’s end. She negotiated the short incline at the Pier’s halfway point with ease, pressing ahead in near-manic haste, the lifeguard tower there dark and forbidding as she rolled past it. Her heart was racing, her eyes wide. The relentless sound of the surf was now well behind her and becoming more muted with each passing second.
Like the plaza, the Pier was abandoned too. The seagulls and pigeons were her only witnesses here; they observed her with a detached curiosity from the guardrails on both sides of her. She wheeled forward swiftly and surely, feeling as though her movements were no longer her own, but controlled by some remote and irresistible force, one that had waited for her for millennia. Her desperation, even here, even now, was flawless and controlled, as though the spinning axis about which her driving spirit clung was calmly unbreakable: even her decision to die could not unhinge that center.  Her eyes were wide, were intense; they held the very same passion audiences the world over were once stunned by.
The end of the Pier had become completely shrouded in a bank of thick fog, the bright blue light like Sirius peeking from behind a supernal nebula, the flag above it waving directly at her, urging her towards its lonely orbit. The fog rolled and drifted dreamily shoreward, enveloping her seconds later. Her rapid breath trailed behind her in time with her pushing hands as she disappeared into the mysterious mist.
She felt a sharp twinge of regret: she had never been on the Pier before, and its beauty moved her deeply. She thought of the two times she had spied it: from way above as she flew over it; and later as Adele D. Hoffman drove her to Imperial Beach that first day. The rock-solid sense of affirmation, of defiance in the face of eternity … both were magnified hugely now—now that she was on it.
She allowed herself to look over the south railing to the ocean’s surface, barely visible twenty feet below. The low-hanging fog unfurled in white, damp fingers to the sea; as she watched they feathered themselves teasingly over the iron-gray waters, moving slowly towards land. The fingers looked like ghosts … and it did not disturb her in the least to think that she would be one of them very soon. Her lack of fear was itself an object of fascination for her.
The seagulls that had been watching her had taken off and were circling closely overhead, weaving about lazily and effortlessly, riding the sea salt-laden zephyrs that carried the misty poltergeists to land. It felt as though her wheelchair were rolling over gravel, with the knots and holes of the Pier’s walkway giving her a bumpy ride at times.
She was close now. As the blue light grew in size and intensity, as the structure it topped loomed before her, she felt a sudden stab of intense pain flash through her hips. It threw her forward to seize her knees galvanically, her wheelchair continuing straight ahead with the frantic momentum she had given it. The pain was so severe initially she couldn’t even scream—or breathe. The agony went on and on, as if she had been impaled with a spear straight through her lower back. When at last she could inhale she noisily sucked in a huge, gaping lungful of salt air just above her own thighs. Her chair rolled to a stop before crashing into the building itself; and with a detached sort of curiosity she realized the structure housed a restaurant, its interior darkened, the chairs inside standing on the tables. But the pain forced her eyes to clench shut again, her breath dammed behind the suffering, her face twisted in a tortured grimace.
With what seemed an eternity later the throbbing began to subside, at first very slowly; but eventually she reopened her eyes, unclenching herself in hesitant stages. She held her middle tightly, as though in an effort to keep her innards from spilling out. Had her strenuous physical exertions caused this unexpected anguish? She couldn’t remember feeling so terrible even when under the insistent ministrations of her physical therapist in Lausanne.
A seagull stared at her from the rail to her right. And next to the bird, on the broad walkway that curved around the restaurant, a weathered old Asian fisherman watched her, concern reflecting in his eyes.
She glared at him. Suicide on the Pier, she thought, was the perfect plan. It was fitting: one more chance to play the instrument that had defined her very being; then: an easy pull up the rail … letting go … the quick fall to the cold, rolling waters…. Drown. Simple. She had never been taught to swim; and the ocean’s sixty-degree temperature, added to the dead weight of her useless legs, would suck heat and life and will from her very rapidly. Death would be within minutes—at most. The sun was still probably half an hour from rising—and still the Pier had fishermen on it! Why doesn’t this old coot just go away?
But as she finished the thought he moved to leave. He smiled at her tenderly as he hobbled by in silence.
When she felt confident the pain wouldn’t return, she composed herself and moved quickly around the building. The pigeons and gulls overhead had grown in number; some had landed on the rail just in front of her at the very end of the Pier. They watched her approach without fear.
An ancient, bent woman, also Asian, wrapped in an oversized turquoise parka and wearing at least three different, garishly colored scarves, all clashing, along with a worn straw cowboy hat, looked up from her work gutting a fish at one of the large silver basins that appeared in regular intervals along the Pier’s length to notice Yaeko glaring at her. With no hesitation whatsoever, and at that very instant, the woman removed the half-gutted fish from the basin, placing it into a white plastic bucket at her feet, gathered her fishing pole and other belongings, and departed.
She glanced around. The gentle breath of early morning ocean breezes kissed her cold cheeks as she looked left, looked right.
She was alone.
She felt no fear, not even now. Another lifetime ago she should have died in a car crash; she should have died with those she loved most in this world. Izumi Ishikawa’s letter was in the violin case, still unread. She gathered the case and bow, laying both in her lap. She opened the case.
Izumi’s letter was on top of the magnificent Stradivarius: the final word from a man who had gone to extraordinary lengths to protect her in the event of tragedy. It presented to her a  task far more difficult to contemplate and carry out than pulling herself from her chair to the railing, teetering over it, then releasing her grip from it and ending the life he so desperately wanted to see continue.
A tiny sliver of orange-red light from the soon-to-rise sun caught the fog bank above her and illuminated her face as she opened the envelope, pulling out and unfolding the fine ivory stationary. There were several sheets of it, all penned neatly in English.
Yaeko read:
Young Master,
My Yaeko,
My Friend,
If you are actually reading this, then Amon, your parents, and I are dead. You are reading this with thoughts of suicide, of joining us. These things I know because I foresaw them.
Soon after becoming your manager I was confronted by a series of incredible and terrifying premonitions: our death—though the premonitions never told me how we were to die—your convalescence, and your endless, heartbreaking grief. I was confronted by only two possibilities: one where you stay in Japan and are exploited mercilessly by the rabid dogs of the media, until miserable, used, used up, and forgotten, you die a very lonely death; and the other in America where you are confronted by my brother’s ex-wife, a hateful second-hand human being who, I believe, drove him to a premature death from heart attack. Here the visions told me next to nothing. Do you live? Do you die? I only know that death is something that you have thought about continually since your coma; and that of the two possibilities this one—the one I worked so hard to ensure—at least offered the possibility of peace, of eventual happiness. Of life—your life. A life worth living.
Tears streamed down Yaeko’s face. She was unaware of them. Her own disbelief and the overwhelming sense of being once more in the company of a dearly missed loved one was her entire universe now. She had lost all notions of where she was and what she had been thinking before she started reading. Izumi was standing behind her once more, his gentle hands on her shoulders, waiting to usher her out onto the stage and before the roaring crowd; he was sitting in front of her again in the limousine, smiling proudly at her; he was listening to her as she played, his face soft with pleasure. He was with her now; he had come back to her…. That was all that mattered in the world, and she desperately did not want the letter to end, despite the fact that her heart hurt so much she could barely breathe.
After a long time she continued reading:
I have written this letter hundreds of times. Hundreds. But it comes to you no better than the first time I penned it. It comes to you in its final form, written by a man granted the legal powers of executorship over your estate. With those powers, and with tremendous effort, I saw to it that you would be where you are now.
Did I try to warn your parents or Amon? Of course I did. It is to their credit that they did not believe me; that they humored an old man and gave him access to the people, processes, and institutions that would, at the minimum, see to your needs should these horrible premonitions come true, which of course they have. Please forgive me, my dear, if ever my fears overwhelmed my joy at simply being in your presence.
You are reading this on the pier there. I remember visiting it once, long ago, before it was destroyed by a terrible storm and subsequently rebuilt. You are at its end. You are crying. You are reading this very letter. You have come here to die. You have bore witness by way of my ex-sister-in-law and her family what happens to the human soul that is too cowardly to truly love, to truly listen to the music inside one’s own heart. They would never have the courage to be where you are right now, Yaeko, for they haven’t the courage to truly live. You are much different, Young Master. And this is why you must live. For you do have the courage to choose death—and may thus fully embrace life. It is life I implore you choose now.
Here is where the vision ends and Yaeko Mitsaki chooses. Put down this letter and take the Stradivarius from its case and play, Young Master. Play. Play as you have never played before. Play until the waters beneath you boil and the sky catches fire and you become the earth’s very heartbeat. If you do that, I promise you—I promise you—the very shape of reality itself will change and life will once again stretch out endlessly—and joyously—before you. Play, Yaeko.
Your parents loved you very much. So did Amon. And so did I. If it is possible to love after death, then know that they, and I, love you still. Go to that place, my friend—that place deep inside yourself, that place that dazzled the world for so brief a time—and it is there you’ll find us … and your happiness … and your life.
Sitting atop a cliff somewhere, listening intently—
Izumi Ishikawa
29 November 2002
She held the letter with trembling hands, looking up, looking around her, as if searching for Izumi’s gently smiling face in the somber clouds. She read the letter several more times, her eyes studying the writing with fierce intent, eyes screwing shut occasionally as she tried soaking his words into her spirit, wanting to keep them inside her forever, vanishing them from the Earth, making them her own words, to be shared with no one. After a long time she took several great, shaking gulps of air. Then she gently slipped the letter back into its envelope, placing it next to her hip. She sniffled, wiping her nose with her sleeve, feeling the chill of the tears as they met the foggy breeze blowing into her face. She looked down and lifted the violin in her lap; she unsheathed the fine bow. She peered past the instrument and out over the dark sea, the vague pinks and reds of infant sunlight like an abstract painting over it.
She took another deep breath, and then whispered: “Watch me now, Izumi….” She closed her eyes once more, brought bow to string, and began to play. She played the composition she had labored over her entire life, the very composition that had brought Izumi to her so long ago, the composition she had heard in her heart and soul since she was three, the one she had played only for him, her parents, Amon, and Rudolph. 
It had been nearly a year since she had played last—and that was for Rudolph. But she had lost nothing in that time. In fact, she had—somehow, impossibly—gained. Her fingers were not stiff in the slightest, her wrist had not weakened … it was just as though she had never stopped playing. The magic in her spirit hadn’t wilted in the slightest as she had thought so many times sitting in her lonesome bedroom for hours, days, weeks, months on end. No. In fact her talent, her passion had taken another quantum leap forward—and then another—and now, finally freed once and for all from that spinning axis, had itself spun away with her spirit, charged with the kinetic energy of its breathtaking freedom; it gathered and reconnected into her very spinal fluid and boldly leapt again. It felt as though her soul were a great steel rod swiftly and confidently thrust into the roiling heart of a terrible thunderstorm. The voltage shot directly through her, into the crown of her skull, powering down her back and through the planks beneath her to the bottom of the waiting sea, there to tear through the Earth’s crust with supreme ease, bolting to the very core of the planet. It fed back up through her, to the firmament above—her bow glided back and forth: it had become that lightning—the strings trembled: the electrons sang like angels in the vibrations—her fingers flew up and down the fingerboard as if made of their ardent whispers…. The cocoon had opened; the butterfly had emerged, had spread its glorious wings, had taken off, had flown away; the gods themselves had gathered in the great antechamber of heaven and were now listening. The person Yaeko Mitsaki was no more, because the person Yaeko Mitsaki was now everywhere in the music that floated over the vast expanse of ocean before her.
Her composition flowed to its triumphant finale many minutes later; and Yaeko listened as the last note sang through her like a clarion call, announcing her being to the universe. She held the violin to her chin, still as a statue, the bow still at the ready, her eyes still closed, as if anticipating another great charge of electricity. She inhaled; she exhaled…. The mist from her mouth curled over and behind her head in slow, regular clouds of warm breath, the incredible sense of having tremendous, infinite lungs—just as she felt moments before the crash—adding to her joy. She let herself fall into the feeling for a long time before she noticed that the sounds of the ocean had … changed somehow.
She slowly opened her eyes.
There was a sudden, rushing sense of vertigo: for the panorama before her had altered dramatically. She blinked hard, once, twice, thrice. For what she was looking at now refused to register with her consciousness at all.
She lowered her violin and bow without thinking, the sea breezes teasing her long black hair past her ears.
The wooden railing she was once just three feet from—the one at the very end of the Pier—the one she was now going to climb over and fall from—had … vanished. The wood beneath the wheels of her chair was still there, just inches from where the vertical barrier once stood … but no: it now had the half-melted look of just-cooled lava. The lava solidified into more pier—an alien pier—silver-green in color, more like … like stone than wood. The extended pier opened up before her, much wider than the wooden one she was on now; it opened before her, stretching on, reaching into the lifting, oddly colored haze, reaching—
Yaeko’s chin slowly raised, her eyes growing wider and wider …
—reaching on and on …
For a long time she sat, disbelieving, her jaw slack, her mouth hanging open. The new pier had revealed itself as if by magic, a structure that—that continued on … and on … and on … and … on. The fog obscured her vision, but the fantastic pier seemed to reach miles out to sea. Miles.
She sat completely still for a very long time, her mind empty, as though it couldn’t grasp what was now before her.
When she dared to think, the thoughts came as a jumble of questions, all fighting to get to the front of the line. Am I dead? Is this real? How is this possible? How could it be? She thought: I was playing, I was free … and now … and now this.
After another long moment she inched very tentatively ahead to the half melted-looking interface. The front wheel of her chair glided smoothly over it. After several seconds’ hesitation she rolled her back wheels over it, watching them intently.
She jerked her head forward, expecting the hallucination that this experience had to be to abruptly end and her chair to pitch forward into a frigid and expectant morning sea. When that didn’t happen she inched on, with the tiniest bit more confidence, until she was completely on the new, impossible pier.
The fog was lifting, was transforming into puffy, low-hanging clouds. The clouds were on fire. They burned yellow, orange, red, pink, purple. The dawn, like the pier stretching endlessly before her, had taken on an unfamiliar quality, several degrees shifted from the norm.
She peered left, then whipped her head to the right, her eyes wide with fear. Just becoming visible, and on either side of her, two tremendous cylindrical monoliths rose into the flaming morning haze, like a giant’s spear hafts, so tall their tops were lost in the exotic, glorious mist several hundred feet above her. Each was perhaps two hundred yards out in the glassy water. They appeared to be the same color and texture of the magical pier itself, and were totally featureless save their very tops. At their summits, which peeked occasionally from the fog, were several floors of dark windows and a wide crown of a walkway, protected by ramparts. Lookouts? They appeared to be deserted, save the tiny white specks of seagulls taking off and landing upon them. There were large flags flying from their dizzying rooftops: white, with blue and green insignia (was that a bird?) and other unusual markings, but the burning clouds kept obstinately washing the details from view. She looked for entrances in both structures, but could not see any.
Her heart thumped like a hammer in her throat. She felt faint and close to outright panic. For a long time she simply sat there, dumbfounded. 
She stowed her violin and bow; and that’s when the sound of a huge waterfall roared suddenly to life below her. The noise froze her with terror; but when death didn’t come she gathered her courage and wheeled cautiously left to the south edge of the wondrous pier. The—rock? wood? was much smoother to move over than the wooden structure just behind her, yet it still had the occasional odd knot or hole, though the holes did not seem to punch through. The pier’s guardrail was an abrupt angular incline; it wasn’t wooden plank, but very solid and dense, of the same material she rolled over; it rose seamlessly from the walkway and was somewhat higher than the guardrail of the Imperial Beach Pier. There were occasional openings here and there in it, large, long, horizontal ovals like portholes.
Yaeko stretched her head as high as she could and stared down at the water. Between the looming south tower and the pier the sea boiled with activity, as though a billion fish had gone into a frenzy, had found food or were under threat. The noise was impressive and deafening, the waters white and foaming. The sea roared for as far along the pier as she could see until the impossible, endless extension disappeared into the burning haze. Then the roar abruptly ceased.
When it didn’t return she glanced back behind her. The building that housed the restaurant was still there, the American flag atop it waving in the alien breeze, the blue light shining brightly through the little square windows in the lighthouse tower. Behind the restaurant was, to her immense relief, the familiar wooden Pier. The pigeons and seagulls still flew in graceful circles above it. She couldn’t see too much past the building just yet … but something seemed very different anyway …
It didn’t take long to discover what it was.
For the whole of the shoreline to the left and right of the fog bank was not the same. Tijuana, to her right and just five miles south, was … gone, the bluffs it rose from now barren and brown. She peered north, squinting. She could see no lights shining from the city of San Diego, no orange urban glow even, as though the city had simply never existed. And as the fog lifted it became apparent that Imperial Beach, just past the Pier itself, had totally vanished, replaced instead by a series of low jagged cliffs and angry jumbles of hard black rock. The jetty was gone too. Several of the jagged clusters of rocks fronting the cliffs had the crushed remains of large sailing ships on them—great black wooden vessels torn apart and scattered over them, as if dropped there like forgotten toys by some thoughtless boy god. Some still had the remnants of sails attached to them, tattered and browned by time and the relentless surf. Yaeko studied them for a long time. Passenger ships? Warships? They appeared as if transported out of the eighteenth century, almost fake, like museum pieces placed here and there for her amusement.
She looked past the crags, just as the fog lifted enough for her to do so.
Her eyes grew huge as saucers.
For the world past those low cliffs seemed to just … end.
The horizon was razor sharp and a mile distant, breathtakingly close, like being way too near the edge of a cliff that one knows drops thousands of feet. Even with the obscuring fog, that edge confronted her every sense with its heady immediacy. Yaeko’s eyes convulsively traced it. It was as if the planet simply stopped just past the plaza, mere blocks away. She followed the horizon: it seemed to border infinity itself. There were seams in the haze, she could see into them, past them … the sky beyond was black as ink.
There seemed to be something out there, just past the sharp horizon, to the north, miles away … something tremendous … another building? But its sheer size made that impossible. The low hills fronting it seemed ludicrous, like anthills. Whatever it was, it seemed the same color as the pier she rolled over now.
The rising sun was still behind the fog. She turned slowly about, staring up. The gloomy gray breaking over the sharp horizon melted into pastel watercolors as she went from facing east … to west. The morning sun shed streamers of spectral radiance into the heavy clouds above her, misty rainbows that were visibly lifting and opening as they rose, as if consciously revealing the new world before her, and with great pride. There were islands out there, probably ten miles to the southwest, steep brown-black rocks like precious stones on display in the white cottony haze. Yaeko remembered seeing islands as she crossed the Coronado Bridge so long ago, islands just like these, in the same approximate place, though these appeared sharper, taller, shifted out of true from what she recalled of their counterparts back in another reality.  
The fog continued to lift and break apart …
And then it became apparent why the sky was burning. And Yaeko Mitsaki shrank within herself in awe.
It was as though the planet Saturn had been moved next to Earth, so close it felt as if Earth were but a mere fiction in its shadow, a forgotten ornament hanging at the very edge of its great rings, as though one could take a running leap from the peaks of those cotton-nestled islands and land upon them.
The great planet was half settled into the southern ocean. Its rings were nearly edge-on to the islands, sweeping upward at a thirty-degree angle; they swept up, and up, and up, just behind flaming patches in the rising marine layer, rings purple and yellow and red, close enough to touch. Saturn (was it Saturn?) was in a half-moon phase, half of its mind-numbing sphere bordered by a perfect yet indistinct curvilinear arc of thin white light. The tremendous south tower was tangent to that sphere, but even it seemed insignificant now. Quite without realizing she was doing it, Yaeko reached a hand towards the sight, her body feeling light as spring dreams, her thoughts completely frozen. Large, puffy clouds, angel-white in their centers, becoming unfocused prisms on their edges, drifted peacefully overhead, occasionally blocking her view. 
Time had stopped for her. She had stopped thinking, breathing.
When she finally came to many minutes later, she decided to travel along the great pier’s silver-green length, if but a little ways, turning around frequently to make sure the original Pier and the building at its end stayed safely in her sight. The magic pier was much wider than Imperial Beach’s: perhaps two hundred feet across. In front of her, the overcast was evaporating, revealing …
A pier to ... forever.
At the north guardrail she turned around and looked back down the Imperial Beach Pier.
She stared for a long time.
The original Pier ran back to where the plaza once was. But where the shops and quaint seaside park once stood was now imposing cliff faces. The silver-green pier resumed at that point and continued on through a narrow cut in a face, running for another mile through lifeless desert dotted here and there with white clumps and many more wrecked ships before simply extending off the very edge of the world and into empty space. The strange pier was atop a mammoth platform of some sort, under water here, beneath her, exposed out there, past the cut: the platform was the exact same color as the pier itself, and tens of miles wide. The structure she couldn’t make out earlier, the one that dwarfed the northern hills, rose in a smooth arc up, up, up above her head … a Great Arch … still half hidden by clouds…. It descended as she peered to the right, falling well behind the Tijuana Bluffs and out of sight. It felt almost as though she were a microbe sitting at the bottom of a keyhole, looking up. The pier and the platform upon which the pier rested fled away from her though the Great Arch and into the hard blackness, one so uniform and deep that it seemed almost solid. The Pier to Forever stretched away from her, extending miles … hundreds of miles … the thin parallel lines of the guardrails ran away from her, meeting out there, becoming a thin line … an indistinct line … an invisible line. In that crystal-clear blackness towered a needle-like spire, ridiculously thin and arrow straight, itself miles tall. The spire seemed to be part of the superstructure, though the distance discolored it to an austere purplish tint.
Yaeko’s vertigo was back. The view held her attention, grabbed it, demanded it. After a long time she turned the opposite direction, back over the sea, noticing with her chin pointed skyward how the blackness through the gargantuan keyhole of the Great Arch quickly gave way to the gemlike blue sky above her, as though the Great Arch was a portal looking directly into space. The ghostly mists of the morning were lifting higher and higher, and her view along the great pier was now nearly untrammeled, a pier that indeed seemed to have no end, the two parallel silver-green lines she sat in-between meeting in hazy eternity over glassy water.
Yaeko felt crushingly insignificant and vulnerable.
There was another great spire out there; this one was over the water, and well beyond where the parallel lines met. It was much closer to her than the space-bound spire, and its scale, like everything else here, seemed magnified ludicrously, exaggerated to terrifying dimensions. It rose, piercing the jeweled sky with supreme linear confidence towards Saturn’s great curvilinear rings, two imposing impossibilities playing celestial tag. Yaeko’s precise, inquisitive mind kept trying to guess both the distance to that spire, and its height, but gave up when the numbers she kept coming up with made her arms crawl with gooseflesh. There were mountains—lands—to either side of the spire, very far away; strange lands that simply didn’t exist in the Pacific Ocean. She wondered what this ocean was called.
The sun rising over the jagged cliffs and through the great portal of space blackness behind her warmed her shoulders and cast a sharp yellow sheen on her long black hair. She glanced north, towards where San Diego should be and wasn’t. The shoreline up there was green and lush, the cliffs of a peninsula beyond hard and pink against the remorseless blue of the ocean beneath them. There were more needle-like spires way, way out there, running north to south, so distant she felt certain she had been blessed with some sort of superhuman vision, as though the world had been spread flat, like a pancake, and with her new eyesight could see all the way across it. Above the peninsula were the vague outlines of silvery-blue moons, at least three of them, rising one over the other in a smooth arc. The morning clouds kept obscuring her view of them, but the moons seemed quite odd, variously phased spheres bordered by thin rectangles. How strange.
She felt joyously alive. But—was she in fact dead? Had she simply died back there earlier, playing the violin, and had gone to—to heaven? Or had she simply lost her mind? Could it be she was still at the end of the Imperial Beach Pier, her sanity gone, and was simply sitting there in some staring, drooling, vegetative state? None of this could possibly be real, could it? Could it? She rolled to a railing and reached a hand out for it. The great pier’s surface felt like warm granite, but also slightly fibrous, as though it was also wood.
She glanced up to the tops of the guardtowers. The ornate, regal flags atop them were limp against the poles they were hung with, the alien sea breezes very placid now, but she was sure the flags included a large bird of prey as their main feature, one with a red talon flying over a great ringed planet….
She lost herself in those extraordinary hours: the day passed as if comprised of only a handful of seconds scattered forgetfully in the rolling blue waters beneath her. She continued moving along the Pier’s never-ending length until the restaurant had dwindled to the size of a dollhouse left in the middle of a flooded country highway, the great cylindrical guard towers on either side of it looking like oversized grain silos, the Great Arch making them in turn appear ridiculous and insignificant. The gulls and terns followed her faithfully, gliding overhead in carefree ellipses, sometimes landing on the rails, spaced perfectly from one another as if they were her personal guards, protecting her along the way. On the smooth sea black cormorants floated and dived contentedly for fish. Up ahead, to the north, she spied dolphins, maybe a dozen of them, as they surfaced and submerged in perfect synchronicity.
How far she had come she was not certain. But the atmosphere-piercing spire up ahead seemed no closer; only the dwindling building behind her, Saturn’s steady sinking into the ocean, and the ceaseless track of the sun over the languidly drifting, cottony clouds provided any bearings of space and time. This … this construct? —seemed utterly deserted. But why build such a tremendous thing—for nobody? What purpose did those towers, the ones next to the Imperial Beach Pier, serve? Were they protecting something? Or those jaw-dropping spires? Surely they weren’t natural, brought into being by natural processes! Where were the people, the tourists and tour guides? She was playing—gloriously, perfectly—then this! This!
The sun was setting over the astonishing western sky before she decided to return to the place where the Imperial Beach Pier ended and this fantastic infinite one began. The great spire behind her had caught the right edge of the falling sun. To its left Saturn had settled halfway under the southwestern waves, its banded rings skying from the mirror-like water, providing a startling backdrop to the nearby islands and the very distant, very minute snowcapped peaks to the right of them. The rings were like a bridge to heaven itself, red and yellow, the gaps between them infused with tiny sparkles, a dominating swath of curving radiance that filled her eyes with tears.
What would happen once she crossed that interface between the endless Pier to Forever and Imperial Beach’s? Would she return to … to Earth (was this truly Earth?) and Imperial Beach and—her heart felt suddenly heavy—to a hateful existence, a nonexistence really…. 
But that presupposed she could cross back. What if she couldn’t? What if this was her new life now, to wander along this thing totally alone, the gulls and the terns and pigeons her only company? The irony was hardly lost on her: going back to a ten-by-twelve-foot bedroom to while her life away—alone; or come here, to a limitless, mind-defying world, to its never-ending pier to while her life away—alone. If she couldn’t return, then how would she eat? drink? sleep? Where could she find shelter? What dangers awaited her here? She spied the skyscraper-tall watchtowers to both sides of her and the battered shipwrecks on the jagged rocks where the gold-flecked beach fronting a sleepy seaside town should’ve been. No matter how she considered them, it seemed quite clear: whatever peace she experienced here had come with a heavy price, one paid with lives unseen and blood spilled. Or whatever passed for blood here.
She had come to die, to end her life. Yet she still lived, albeit here, in a very different reality. She recalled Izumi’s seemingly prescient words: “The shape of reality itself will change …” Had he seen this too and had simply discounted it as evidence that he was irrevocably losing his mind and so didn’t include it in his final letter to her? She fingered the envelope at her hips, eventually lifting it indecisively, studying it, wishing it would now reveal her late manager’s final, secret thoughts.
She had felt no fear coming to the Pier to die early this morning; now fear was all she felt. Behind her head the implausible spire consumed more and more of the yellow-orange orb of the setting sun. She could face death; could she truly face life now?
She was mere feet from the interface. She studied it for a long time, her thoughts racing, her heart pounding in her neck. Behind her was … eternity. In front of her waited … oblivion. The hours of this miraculous day had passed like the single puff of a spring breeze. She could remember hours passing so slowly, so heavily, so tediously at that hateful house—her house—a name she couldn’t speak here, refused to speak here—that she was certain many times she was losing her mind.
Her life had been defined around a single unyielding urge: to learn—to understand—the melody that sang itself so joyously in her heart, in her soul; to perfect it with the instrument that seemed to be part of her very being, like her arms or legs; to work her fingers till they bled if necessary; to not fear the passion that seemed to swell uncontrollably within her when she played it; to let that fervor take her away, knowing it would always return her safely to Earth, to herself. Would playing help her now?
Why not?
She reached behind her, bringing the violin case and bow back to her lap. She lifted the Stradivarius from its case, thinking how such was the measure of her existence: balance in every step: she came here with a melody; if she played another, could she return?
The setting sun was now partially eclipsed by the great spire. The subdued light thinned and bleached Saturn’s rings, their reflection a restless abstract painting on a blue canvas. Above her the Great Arch fairly glowed in the afternoon light, its back half cast in deep shadow. Yaeko thought of a time, now more improbable to her than this infinite pier, a time before the crash, when life opened before her, granting her all the moments she needed to perfect the music in her spirit. She was on a stage then, playing Beethoven, and incredulous over the audience’s impulsive, overwhelming response. She had touched them. The music within her wasn’t just hers, she found. It was everybody’s. They just had to listen.
She smiled. Yes, she thought; yes. I will play Beethoven. Beethoven, whose sweeping, grandiose, passionate music would be perfect here. And with that, she put bow to string and began playing Violin Romance No. 2, just as she had when she was nine.
The music issued from her bow, from her fingers, from the violin; it crossed the alien ocean and touched those distant lands far, far away, returning to her not as an echo but as the gentle breezes that buffeted her face, urging her to turn and follow them to their sandy shores. She completed the song; she stowed the violin and Izumi’s letter back into the case; she slipped the fine bow back into its burgundy sheath; she stuffed both into the pouch behind her seat.
She composed herself, took a very deep breath, and eased her wheelchair over the half-melted barrier.
Neither the building nor the wooden Pier changed, but as she pushed forward the sky grayed suddenly, melting into twilight blue. The air became abruptly cooler, as though she had just passed into an air-conditioned room.
She glanced to her left. The city of San Diego glimmered in the distance, ten miles north, its skyscrapers rising like jeweled shafts next to the ocean, the flimsy silver ribbon of the Coronado Bay Bridge strung across them, the tiny yellow lights of cars upon it like slowly moving stars on a celestial assembly line.
She spun back towards the west. The sun had abruptly vanished beneath the sea. The needle-like spires, the watchtowers, the shipwrecks, Saturn … all were gone.
She gasped.
“Hi …” came a quiet voice.
Yaeko glanced to her left. A girl was standing there, just feet from her, at the end of the Pier, her hand on the railing that wasn’t there just seconds ago. She was smiling weakly at her, tears in her large dark eyes.
“… I’m Melody. What’s your name?”



Chapter 12
A Different Reality
Yaeko stared at the pretty girl standing at the end of the Pier. Her sense of place, of balance, was teetering precariously, that now-familiar rush of vertigo washing through her vision, making her feel dizzy, almost woozy. But the girl’s presence seemed real—more real than real—like the colossal Pier to Forever from which she had just come. She looked into those teary eyes and said: 
“I’m … I’m Yaeko.”
“Hi, Yaeko.”
“… Hi.”
The girl named Melody glanced behind her, at the violin case in the wheelchair’s back pouch. 
“That was you playing violin? It was so beautiful…. But—where were you playing? It sounded like it was right next to me.”
But Yaeko wasn’t listening. She was taking one more slow sweep about herself, as though to verify and place the particulars of this more familiar existence: the placid fan of light rising from the western horizon, the city’s skyscrapers to the north, the haphazard sprawl of Tijuana to the south…. The fact that the Pier … ended … here…. No infinite silver-green extension, no ridiculously tall, thin spires, no Great Arch, no jagged black rocks with broken ships dropped forgetfully upon them; no watchtowers, Saturn, oddly-shaped moons, or that terrifyingly close horizon just to the east that marked the very edge of the world. She completed her deliberate turnabout, coming to rest her gaze once again upon the girl who was watching her patiently.
She was a very pretty girl. She was thin, perhaps even a bit lanky, her frame making her appear taller than she actually was, with round dark eyes that offset soft features. Her smile was unsure but genuine, her mouth small, the voice coming from it diminutive as well. But those eyes … Yaeko hung onto them without really thinking about it. She asked, “I’m … I’m sorry, Melody. What did you say?”
“You were playing violin?”
“Umm … yes.”
“Wow! You’re … you’re really good … but … but you must’ve been playing on the other side of the restaurant … and yet it sounded so close—like you were right here, right next to me. Were you playing for the restaurant?”
“I … well … uh … I …I, uh … you—you are feeling better, Melody?”
Melody wiped her eyes. Her cheeks were still red, but a slight smile had formed on her mouth. “Yes, much. Thank you.”
“Why were you crying?”
“I was listening to you. I couldn’t help it.”
Yaeko smiled.
“I—I mean, I just had a fight with my mom too. I came down here to get away for a while; it’s where I come when I’m upset. I was really mad at her. I was just standing here, getting madder and madder…. I mean, I love her, but she can be so—” She stopped herself, growling in frustration, balling her fists. “… And then … out of nowhere, you started playing … and something … it was like something changed in me. The anger went away. And the more I listened, the more I …”
“The more you what…?”
“The … more … I … oh my gosh.”
“What?” asked Yaeko. Melody’s eyes had grown huge.
“You … you’re the missing girl!”
Yaeko’s heart leaped in her chest. For several seconds neither said anything. Then Melody asked, “Why did you run away, Yaeko?”
“But—!” Yaeko was having trouble getting her voice to work. She shook her head, glanced around again. “But—but I was only gone a day! How—? I mean, it’s just been a day! How … how could you—?”
Melody’s eyes softened with concern. “The signs have been up for days, I think … maybe even a week…. Everybody’s looking for you, the police, everybody! I thought I recognized your face; the posters are in all the store windows along the street—”
“It’s the thirtieth today, yes? Yes?”
“No, it’s—” Melody looked down for a second, thinking. “It’s … the seventh today. Of July. Yes, July seventh. I’m sure. I’m going to go see my grandparents next week, on the fourteenth.”
The color drained from Yaeko’s face. “Please don’t joke with me, Melody …” She looked as though she had just witnessed a murder. “I crossed … I mean, I left only this morning! You are not joking with me, Melody?”
She watched Melody shake her head, feeling a sickly desperation wash through her.
Melody watched the pretty Japanese girl steadily, wondering what her new friend was so frantically searching for, because she was glancing around again, but this time with a thoroughly panicked gaze. When Yaeko stared back into her eyes, anxiously seeking the lifeline they provided, Melody asked again, sadly, her voice very quiet, “Why did you run away, Yaeko?”
Then it hit her. It was a revelation, nothing less, sourceless and mysterious but sure as her own breath.
“You didn’t come here to run away,” she said without being aware that she had spoken.
Yaeko’s uncomfortable silence only confirmed the statement’s final, grim truth. The girls faced each other, just two feet away from one another, staring into each other’s eyes, lifeline and survivor clinging to it, the rolling sounds of the sea and the high-pitched cries of a seagull on top of the restaurant like distant echoes between the painful understanding passing wordlessly between them.
A long time passed in silence.
Melody broke it with another affirmation that presented itself to her lips almost before she knew that it was absolute truth. She declared in a near whisper:
“You can’t go home.”
Yaeko didn’t respond. She didn’t need to; Melody’s realization needed no validation. 
Another stretch of agonized silence passed.
Melody stepped forward and kneeled. With no consideration that she had just met this person, she placed her hand on both of Yaeko’s, which were twisting nervously in her lap. There was nothing to be said now, no language that could surpass the simple gesture offered from one to the other.
The twisting stopped immediately. The lifeline had been pulled in; the survivor was safely aboard ship. There was wordless communication between them then, offered simply and unremarkably for both, as if, like another’s eyes or ears, this ability was implied and natural and therefore to be taken for granted:
—Come to my house, Yaeko. You’ll be safe there.—
—Okay.—
—Let’s go.—
The brown-haired girl stood.
Yaeko said, “ ‘Melody’ …”
Melody turned back around. She heard her name, but when she looked into the eyes of her new friend gazing up at her, she knew that the name was signifying more somehow, much more, something very familiar yet still untouched inside her soul.
Yaeko nodded, smiling surely now, as if she had realized something very important. 
“ ... ‘Melody.’ ”
~~*~~
They moved down the Pier, which floated between two insubstantial azure layers of deepening twilight. The Pier’s lights were flickering on one by one along an invisible line running away from them, leaving cold orange circles on the knotted brown planks beneath their feet. Melody walked by Yaeko’s side; they passed underneath the lights without conversation, as if they had known each other for many years and had long ago exhausted the small talk and in their silent intimacy were merely taking a pleasant evening stroll together.
At the plaza they angled left towards Surfing Bessie’s, the ice cream shop, which was still open, the bright white lights inside it spilling through the windows like square patches of starlight into the early evening sea air. The store’s owner, Alexandre Sebond, waved at Melody as she approached before turning his attention to a group of excited kids waiting to be served. Melody waved back.
Yaeko’s heart thumped into her teeth: she stole jerking glances around, still struggling to believe she had lost an entire week while exploring the endless, now-invisible artifact beyond Imperial Beach’s Pier. Instead of walking into the ice cream shop, Melody stopped at one of its windows, pulling off a sheet of white paper taped to it. The paper bore a black and white photograph of Yaeko, taken this past January, a photograph which had been obviously—and heavily—cropped to remove “Mrs. H.” and her family. Yaeko had sat at the family’s periphery when it was taken; it had been the only photograph her guardian had ever taken of her. Below the photo of the sad-looking wheelchair-bound girl was the following in large black block letters:
MISSING
KAEKO MURAKAMI
LAST SEEN JUNE 29, 2005
KAEKO IS PHYSICALLY AND MENTALLY DISABLED,
KNOWS VERY LITTLE ENGLISH,
AND MAY NOT RESPOND WHEN CALLED!
PLEASE CALL THE IMPERIAL BEACH SHERIFF’S
DEPARTMENT (555-8323) IF YOU HAVE ANY IDEA OF
KAEKO’S WHEREABOUTS!!!!
Melody studied the paper for a long time. “But—this isn’t you …” she declared. She handed Yaeko the paper.
Yaeko looked at the poor girl staring hopelessly back, a girl caged both externally and internally, a girl whose forlorn, lifeless eyes now appeared utterly alien, as though they belonged to somebody else, as if somebody had cut and pasted their own over hers.
In just the few minutes her new friend had known her, she had seen through all that.
Melody asked, “Why did they—why would they—mess up your name?”
When Yaeko looked up to answer, peering into her new friend’s eyes, her blood went cold. Because something deep and hidden within those round eyes had revealed itself just then: a towering, righteous rage, so furious that something clenched inside Yaeko just to sense it. Another wordless flash of understanding passed between them. Melody didn’t wait for her to answer. Instead she said, determination in her voice, “Come on, Yaeko. My house is just five blocks from here.”
~~*~~
The home they approached on Edgemont Street ten minutes later was small and humble and reddish-pink, with a sandstone-red stucco roof. The yard was enclosed in a waist-high white picket fence, the paint on it chipping in spots, the yard’s grass overlong and underwatered. A single soft yellow light poured from the home’s middle windows. A tan sedan, definitely not new, sat parked in the short driveway. Yaeko, who was feeling enormous, stomach-turning anxiety, certain Adele D. Hoffman’s home was very close by, negotiated her chair around the vehicle with Melody’s help; Melody then opened the gate into the yard itself. Yaeko wheeled towards the front door nervously, following right behind Melody, who said, “It’s okay, I promise. C’mon, Yaeko….”
Melody opened the screen door, then the front door.
“Bug?” came a disembodied female voice. “You’re late for dinner … I was getting worried.”
Melody motioned again at Yaeko. The front door was barely wide enough to admit her; but, thankfully, Yaeko at least didn’t have any impossible steps to deal with. She edged inside the house and into a small, narrow hallway that opened into a modest dining nook on the left, a pleasant, open kitchen with a bar to the right. The home smelled of Mexican food—and she  suddenly realized she was famished, her stomach yawning widely and growling loudly. Past the hallway, the nook, the kitchen, and down a couple steps was the living room, unlighted but very welcoming; it reminded her of her own living room back in Japan. A middle-aged woman with shoulder-length brown hair sat facing away at the dining room table to her left. The table was cluttered with old mail, glossy catalogs, and many books. Melody’s mother was reading a very thick book; she was bent over it in concentration, a chipped white coffee mug issuing lazy curls of steam next to her head. As Melody entered, her mother looked up and said, “Melody, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to yell at you—”
Yaeko wheeled hesitantly into the room. 
“Oh. Hello …” said Maggie Singleton, startled. She smiled uncertainly at her, then looked up at Melody.
“Momma,” said Melody, “this is … Yaeko.”
“Hello, Yaeko,” the woman said, smiling surely now and rising. She came around the table and extended her hand, shaking Yaeko’s gently. Melody’s mother’s hand was soft and warm. “I’m Maggie. That’s a really interesting wheelchair! Are you a friend of Mellow Yellow’s, Yaeko?”
Melody sighed in exasperation. “No, Momma, she’s an enemy.”
“I’m sorry, Yaeko. My daughter and I have been quarrelling today. A little family drama. She’s still a bit sore at me—”
“Am not. You just ask really dumb questions sometimes,” retorted Melody. She came to stand next to Yaeko. “Momma, this ...” She took a deep breath, steeling herself. “... this is the missing girl from the posters, remember?” She spoke quickly next, the words almost running together incoherently: “But she can’t go home, it’s horrible there, don’t make her, Momma, please …”
Melody’s mother glanced from her daughter to Yaeko and back again. Her smile dissolved; her face was suddenly very grave.
“Is this true, Yaeko?” she asked. “Are you the missing girl?”
Yaeko nodded after a time, her eyes fixed on her hands in her lap.
“Your parents must be just sick with worry,” said Maggie gently, “just sick….”
“She is not my mother,” replied Yaeko quietly, not looking up. “She is my guardian. I do not wish to go back.”
Melody crowded closer to her, as if to protect her.
“Bug …” her mom shrugged helplessly, “we don’t really have a choice…. We must call the sheriff, at least.”
Yaeko’s hands were twisting in her lap again. She glanced at Melody imploringly, who looked at her and then back. Yaeko whispered, “Please, no …”
“It’s bad at her house, Momma. We have to do something to protect her.”
Melody’s mom pulled a chair from the table and placed it in front of Yaeko’s wheelchair, where she sat. Softly she asked, trying to look into her eyes and failing, “Yaeko, are you being abused at home?”
Yaeko stared hard at her hands. A long, silent moment passed, thick with tension. Then, almost imperceptibly, and with what appeared to be grating reluctance, she shook her head.
“Is that no, Yaeko?”
Yaeko nodded, still not looking up.
“I need to hear it, Yaeko. Are you being abused at home?”
Melody sniffled. “Momma, please …”
“Yaeko?”
Yaeko gave a resigned sigh, and then whispered, “No.”
“Momma …”
Like her daughter had earlier, Melody’s mother reached for her twisting hands. She said: “I’m going to call the sheriff—Melody, let me finish first, please—I’m going to call the sheriff, and when he comes we will tell him why you ran away and that you may stay with us anytime you’d like, okay?”
“She can’t go back, Momma, please …”
“—The sheriff will come and will ask us some questions and then will likely take Yaeko back to her home after he contacts her—guardian? Is that right, Yaeko? Guardian? We will follow the sheriff and introduce ourselves to her. We can even tell her it’d be okay for you to stay with us tonight—though I’m sure that won’t be acceptable in the least. That’s what we can do, Bug. Yaeko, you must trust this: You aren’t alone now—and you won’t be again. Okay? Okay?”
She nodded, still staring down into her lap.
“I’ll be frank with you, Yaeko. I’m not sure I believe you when you say you haven’t been abused. I think perhaps you don’t know what that word means. You are a very pretty girl, obviously precious ...” Maggie reached out and gently touched her cheek. “… and I can see that something is very seriously troubling you. One doesn’t just run away for kicks. But let’s take a deep breath and plunge ahead and trust that all will be fine. Okay? You’re in good hands now, safe hands.” She glanced at Melody. “Once Melody commits to something, as it’s obvious she’s committed to you, she’ll not let anything happen to it, believe me. Can you trust that?”
She looked up at Melody, and Maggie felt something very intimate pass between them, something she had never witnessed before with her daughter and any of the few friends she had made over the years. It was powerful and moving, and she now felt the same desperation to protect this girl as Melody did.
“But Momma, do we have to call right away?” Melody asked, wiping her eyes. “Yaeko’s been gone a whole week. She’s probably starving. Are you hungry, Yaeko?”
Yaeko’s mouth had been watering since she entered the home and smelled what were probably refried beans and cheese and warm tortillas and rice. But … now she was aware of another, even greater need: it felt suddenly as though her bladder were going to rupture at any moment. She hadn’t thought of eating or using the bathroom all day (week?).
Her glance communicated the more urgent need. Melody nodded. “Oh. Right. Follow me, Yaeko.”
~~*~~
Two hours later, Yaeko sat in a sheriff’s car and watched, her heart sinking into her stomach, as the home she was sure she had left forever—had sworn never to return to—grew large in the vehicle’s front window. Melody only lived three blocks from this detestable house.
The cruiser was slowing. Stopping.
The sheriff followed her up the wheelchair ramp to the front door. Adele D. Hoffman hadn’t even bothered to turn on the porch light or even to be waiting there, door opened, ready to welcome her wayward charge back home. Her heart was in her stomach, her hopes crashing like the great ships had on the angry black boulders in a very different reality just a song away. She wished she could return to that reality—now.
The sound of an approaching vehicle. She whipped her head around to look for the tan Toyota that she knew Melody was in, but watched another car, a large white sedan with tinted windows, park across the street, its bright yellow headlights going out. Then … there it was. The Toyota was just turning the corner, was pulling up behind the mysterious sedan. Its headlights also went dead; and now Melody stood in front of it, waving unsurely at her, her lithe figure almost lost in the darkness … Melody’s mother was stepping out now, was closing her door….
Yaeko felt nauseous. The sheriff was ringing the Hoffman household’s doorbell … and now she was looking into the bitter, gaunt, lifeless face of her guardian, a visage screwed up into fake joy—“Oh my God, thank God you’re back! Oh, I’ve been so worried, so distraught, we’ve missed you so so much—mm! …”—and then a desiccated girlish innocence for the young uniformed man speaking to her…. The sheriff was explaining something—Child Protective Services—mandatory visit for all runaways returned home—appointment next Tuesday at ten a.m.—thank you for your time, ma’am…. Hoffman’s daughter and her SEAL husband were glaring from the kitchen table … the sheriff was leaving … was gone … “Mrs. H.” was closing the front door … was turning to face her …
—Melody!—
Adele D. Hoffman’s hand arced downward out of nowhere and slapped her face very hard. It felt as if a hot iron brand had slashed across her head. Tears welled involuntarily in her eyes.
“You conceited little bitch!” the woman spat venomously. “To your room—IMMEDIATELY! To accuse me of child abuse after all I’ve done for you! I have half a mind to—”
The doorbell rang. Yaeko’s spirit cried: Melody! I’m here! Please save me, PLEASE!
The SEAL had risen and was answering the door—Adele D. Hoffman stood in front of her, glaring downward at her, skeletal hands on her emaciated hips—
She craned her head around her thin body to look, her face stinging sharply, her vision full of hot tears.
Five individuals stood at the door, close together. She recognized two of them at once: Dr. Akimoto, her psychiatrist from Lausanne, and Elizabeth Finnegan, the flight attendant who had introduced her to Adele D. Hoffman. Elizabeth Finnegan was holding the letter she had mailed to her a week (day?) ago, her eyes bright with tears of joy, but her countenance severe with anger. Behind them stood two women, Swiss nurses she remembered fondly from Lausanne, and a short, very powerfully built Japanese man with a stiff crew cut and cold, expressionless eyes.
Dr. Akimoto was saying “… here to take Yaeko Mitsaki … clear violation of Mr. Ishikawa’s terms of guardianship … please stand aside….”
The SEAL grunted, “Go to hell.” He went to slam the door—
The short, expressionless Japanese man stepped forward, pushed it back open—
The SEAL swung his fist at the man’s stony face.
It was over before Yaeko could blink. The SEAL was suddenly on the floor, face down, both his arm and leg broken grotesquely. He screamed and writhed in agony over growing smears of scarlet blood. 
The expressionless protector pushed her out the front door and into the cool night air…. Elizabeth Finnegan was suddenly all over her, hugging her tightly and soaking her cheek with her tears, repeating, “Why didn’t you call? You’re such a silly, stubborn girl …” Dr. Akimoto was speaking sternly behind her and over the racket of anguished yelling: “… will be back tomorrow to fetch her things—in the meantime, you will be forfeiting all previous guardianship payments from the estate as clearly understood in the contract …”
The SEAL’s bellows were quickly augmented by his wife’s and Adele D. Hoffman’s, who took turns swearing at both Yaeko and her rescuers, their high-pitched, shrieking voices echoing off the neighborhood’s houses. Melody stood at the foot of the yard, her mother behind her, their eyes wide with alarm. Melody’s hands were over her mouth, her mother’s hands gripping her shoulders. Yaeko burst from her crowd of rescuers towards them. Melody rushed forward against her mother’s protests. “It’s okay, Yaeko, it’s okay ... Mrs. Finnegan says you can stay with me tonight. We met when you went inside.”
Melody looked up, smiling unsurely at the young woman approaching Yaeko behind her. Yaeko turned to find herself completely surrounded by friendly faces—and knew at that very moment that not even death could keep her manager, Izumi Ishikawa, from watching over her.
~~*~~
They had stayed awake for hours, until Melody’s mother opened the door to the spare bedroom and poked her head inside.
“Bug, c’mon. Let’s go. It’s past two o’ clock. Yaeko has had a very trying day and probably hasn’t had a good night’s sleep in a week. She needs sleep—and so do you. Let’s go …”
The girls looked at each other, grinning. Yaeko was very sleepy, but it did not matter: she could’ve talked to Melody until the sun rose. It felt as though a fresh spring of life had suddenly bubbled up from frozen soil deep within her being and was now flooding the vast wasteland that had been the past two years.
Melody sat cross-legged at the foot of her bed. “Okay, Momma,” she said, standing. “G’night, Yaeko. Momma, can I help Yaeko move in with Mrs. Finnegan tomorrow? She’s just down the street, a couple blocks away. Please?”
“I’m not sure, Bug,” said her mother. “I think the network Yaeko told us about will be taking care of it. I’ll check with Mrs. Finnegan in the morning—provided, of course, that you get your tail to bed. Understood?”
“Goodnight, Melody. Goodnight, Mrs. Singleton …” Yaeko bowed her head with respect.
“Please call me Maggie, Yaeko.” Then: “I can see by your expression you’re going to have trouble doing that, am I right?”
She nodded shyly.
“It’s perfectly fine to call me by my first name; it isn’t disrespectful at all. Okay?”
Another shy nod.
“G’night, Yaeko. Sleep in all you want, okay?”
“Okay, Melody. Thank you.”
Melody waved back at her, smiling, before clicking off the light and quietly shutting the door.
Yaeko settled back into the guest bed, pulling the covers up to her chin, feeling like this was the most comfortable bed ever. She had much too much to think about; too much, way too much … Dr. Akimoto, for one. He had been none too happy with her—“You’ve learned nothing, nothing at all,” he had declared angrily after walking out of the total commotion inside the Hoffman house. “Clearly you are as pigheaded as ever!” And with that he ordered her to meet him at her new home tomorrow afternoon “for a very long talk—and possibly many, many more.”
But such concerns seemed, at least here, to be a breach of good manners.
She sighed contentedly and closed her eyes.
The problems will always be there. But … the shape of my reality has changed, Izumi. And now I know something incredible, something unbelievable, something I think you saw too. And now, Izumi, I—I have a friend! Did you see her too? She was waiting for me there, at the end of the Pier—the Pier that goes on ... forever. Did you see her too?
And—
All that time, that horrible, endless time, she was just three blocks from me.
Her left toe itched. She tried scratching it with her right toe—until she remembered …
She sprang upright, her eyes huge. She stared down the blankets at the barely visible lump at the foot of the bed, waiting. Did she really just feel that? She waited breathlessly….
Her toe itched again.
She suppressed a wild scream of joy.
She tore the blankets off her body, staring as hard as she could at her feet past the turquoise pant legs of her pajamas, at her left toe, which was now itching furiously.
She then watched in stunned disbelief as that toe barely wiggled.



Part III
~aecxis~



Prologue iii
Mighty things from small beginnings grow.
--John Dryden
The sharpest sword will not pierce it;
the hottest flame will not singe it;
water will not make it moist;
wind will not cause it to wither.
--Bhagavad Gita
On the Imperial Beach Pier, Melody Singleton and Yaeko Mitsaki met. But only Yaeko knew the startling truth about the Pier—about the astonishing reality hidden past the fifteen-hundred-foot-long wooden structure she had returned safely to that fateful day; about the tremendous ringed planet that dominated the southern sky; about the thin spires that reached straight to heaven; about the edge of the world and the Great Arch over it; and, most of all, about the Imperial Beach Pier itself: how a seemingly infinite silver-green extension reached from the end of it, stretching across an alien ocean, receding away, away, away … until it became a narrow dark line squeezing into a tiny point before disappearing completely in the outlying white haze. Yaeko did not tell Melody what she had experienced that day; she held the staggering secret very close to her heart—just as she did with her tragic, once glorious past. Just as she did with the music deepest within her soul. These secrets called to her every day, every moment. She longed to tell Melody the truth about them; but she feared that Melody would think her insane—and worse, much worse…. For the thing that Yaeko feared most of all, the thing that would wake her in the middle of the night, drenched with sweat and in tears, clutching herself with a sense of loneliness more terrible than anything she ever felt living with Adele D. Hoffman was … was …
But she could not bring herself to name it, to give it form of any kind, to utter it, for that would solidify it and give it existence and reality and momentum.
As he had angrily promised, Dr. Akimoto stayed behind to speak to her about her travails with Adele D. Hoffman. He was surprised when she opened up immediately about them, expecting the same girl he knew in Lausanne: one deeply reserved and severely depressed. Instead Yaeko was eager to talk, as if so much had been bottled up for so long that the pressure threatened to burst the container. His presence was a safety valve, he thought to himself, one that had arrived just in time. Yaeko’s words, spoken in her native Japanese, were sometimes bunched together, so quickly would she speak: thoughts about her interminable stay with the skinny, bitter, nicotine-tinged woman, thoughts on music and education, thoughts about Rudolph and what he had taught her, thoughts on service and sacrifice (Dr. Akimoto was perplexed as to the origin of these notions), thoughts on sanity and reality. These thoughts puzzled him even more. She seemed obsessed with them at times: What is sanity? What is reality? Is there more than one reality? What is schizophrenia? How could she tell if she had it? Could she overcome it if she did? How could she be sure that what she was seeing was real? What is epistemology? How can we know anything? Can we prove the existence of anything? Dr. Akimoto could not discern the roots of her questioning, but felt certain his young charge had experienced something quite profound, something that had changed her, and was seeking a “ground” where she could re-anchor herself.
But no … Yaeko Mitsaki needed no “grounding,” and it wasn’t change he was witnessing. And this perplexed him more than anything else. Never before had she seemed so confident, so self-assured. He would look at her as she talked, and find himself thinking of another time, before he had met her, when, looking at a television screen, he saw a pretty young girl playing a violin before thousands—her face, her eyes…. That’s it, he thought—it was her eyes. The eyes of a human being in love; but not love as we mere mortals know it, no; but love as the supreme communion between rich red blood and the agonizing kiss of genius, conferred by God himself. She has seen something, he thought; she has experienced an awakening. She has been brought back to herself, wholly and completely, against all odds, and after she sent her suicide letter. But try as he might to discern the catalyst to this remarkable spiritual homecoming, he could not.
One day he entered Mrs. Finnegan’s living room, where he and Yaeko had met each day for the past month, and found her with the pretty American girl he had met that horrible night when he came to save her from the bony clutches of Izumi Ishikawa’s ex-sister-in-law. He hadn’t seen the American since. He bowed to her and shook her hand as Yaeko said, “Dr. Akimoto, this is Melody—my friend.”
My friend. It was common—those two words, together. Everybody used them. So why was it that when Yaeko spoke them they seemed to weigh tons each, and beyond their sum? As if to even consider them, to hear them, required an act of reverence and courage—just like her music.
Melody was a quiet girl. She rose to leave; he invited her to stay. She glanced at Yaeko, seeking permission, and it was then that Dr. Akimoto noticed it: it was in the glance: it was only a glance, only a momentary mirroring of one girl’s eyes in the other’s, but it was a look that seemed to carry a superabundance of life, of affirmation, of … love. Melody wasn’t a famous girl; she had lived a very unobtrusive, obscure life, one spent reading books, he found out, or studying mathematics, her favorite subject. In every way, she seemed to be a perfectly normal American child…. So why did he feel from the moment he met her that, in fact, she was anything but? He wasn’t looking at a mirror copy of Yaeko Mitsaki, he realized; he was looking at her complement, at the one individual—a person he once thought could never exist—that could “square the circle” in the person Yaeko Mitsaki without taking a single thing away from her own uniqueness. Yaeko could not sit in a room without making one forget the room existed; she had the same effect on anybody near her as well. Her indomitable spirit, her talent, her intensity cast everything around her into shadow. So why, he thought as he sat there, did she suddenly seem, in the presence of this girl … common? He thought: It’s a matter of perspective! I can look at Mt. Everest with awe, but what would happen if another mountain just as tall were placed next to it? Would that take away from Everest’s grandeur? Wouldn’t I start to take its magnificence for granted after a time?
The next day, while talking to both girls again, he surprised them. He held up two day-passes to Disneyland. Yaeko squealed; she had never been to Disneyland before, but had of course heard of it; Melody, seeing a chance to spend a day with her new friend and show her the familiar sights and sounds of a theme park she had been to a dozen times, became excited over her new friend’s excitement. But Yaeko insisted: Dr. Akimoto was to go along too, as well as Melody’s mother and Elizabeth Finnegan, her new guardian.
And so it was a week later that Yaeko could be seen next to her new best friend as they took in the many sights, sounds, and rides of Disneyland. As he watched her roll away, Melody at her side as they eagerly hurried towards yet another ride on a hot, humid Saturday, he smiled. Maggie and Elizabeth stood next to him. “I never thought I would see this day,” he said. “She has been alone a very long time, perhaps her entire life.” “My daughter too,” Maggie replied, smiling wistfully. “Oh, don’t get me wrong,” he added, “she had her parents and Izumi and Amon—until the accident. She has been loved. Very loved. But is there not the love of true friendship that reaches even deeper?”
Maggie felt the sudden wrenching grief of a realization, one that her motherly love had perhaps blinded her to. “Yes,” she nodded, her smile belying the sadness in her eyes. “Yes, I believe so....”
Elizabeth Finnegan listened to the exchange without comment. She could not shake the image of a sad-eyed Japanese girl staring for hours out of a plane’s window, or that same girl saying “thank you” to her, Elizabeth’s, emotional outburst. How genuine Yaeko’s grief felt, how genuine her gratitude felt. And how genuine this moment, standing here, watching her charge roll away with her new friend, how absolutely real and authentic this felt, too. As though the true gift offered by the Young Master wasn’t the music flowing from her violin, but the exceptional spirit that made that music possible in the first place.
In Melody, Yaeko had found a quiet harbor, a second being, a vital, even essential, piece of herself: a girl who seemed both sunshine and landscape, a girl without fame or fortune or riches—and yet one who in some baffling way seemed just as extraordinary as the infinite pier she thought of every day. They had come home from Disneyland, their heads spinning from the rides, their stomachs aching from one too many chocolate sundaes, to a languid, breathy August of quiet days and peaceful, cool nights stretching invitingly before them. 
Dr. Akimoto met with Yaeko only once more after their outing; he had insisted on meeting with Melody as well—but alone. Melody emerged from that meeting, her eyes puffy and red. She spied Yaeko sitting quietly in the living room and ran to her, kneeling at her side and hugging her tightly. They shared no words. Yaeko never knew what Dr. Akimoto had said to Melody, and Melody never offered to share. But she could guess, at least a little, because from that day forward, Melody refused to ask about her past or why she was in a wheelchair. 
Dr. Akimoto stood before them as they turned to look at him. He walked to Yaeko; he bent and kissed the top of her head—and was surprised when she threw her arms around his shoulders and hugged him closely. “You rescued me. Thank you,” she said, her voice muffled and very quiet. 
He realized just how much he loved his work—but hated the thought of leaving the one soul who brought him the greatest hope for humanity, the most honest hope, knowing his hope was now doubled, and so too then his anguish, because there was this new presence, one just as startling in her own way. And her name was Melody Singleton.
Yaeko’s most treasured days with Melody, days like droplets of sweet manna, each precious, each unique, each unforgettable, were those days that included a trip to the end of the Pier. Once there, they’d rarely talk, but would simply watch the sun as it set, or dolphins as they surfaced, their slick gray-black bodies rising gracefully in unison from the mysterious depths only to slip back into them a moment later. 
One day she wheeled to the end of the Pier to find Melody already there. She was painting. It had been something she’d done since last year, Melody explained; before that she had never felt an interest in it; it had felt like a compulsion to her many times since. Melody had brought another easel and palette full of watercolors for her. She found herself wanting to paint her best friend’s portrait as they sat there, not the sunset they’d decided upon, her belief in coincidences fading like the brilliant yellow orb over the tranquil indigo sea.
The month passed.
The new school year arrived; but instead of enrolling as an eighth-grader at Imperial Beach Middle School, Yaeko chose to remain homeschooled. Elizabeth Finnegan immediately hired Yaeko’s old tutor. But after their long hug, Yaeko told him firmly that she wanted to be challenged. Teach me calculus, she said. Teach me economics, world cultures, Shakespeare, philosophy. And her tutor had eagerly responded: many of their sessions—sessions Melody often joined in on—went well past the allotted time, fighting through a thorny problem with indefinite integrals or discussing Plato’s Republic. Mrs. Finnegan would feed them all—their sessions often ran into dinnertime and beyond—and oftentimes joined in the discussion at hand as well.
Elizabeth Finnegan loved Yaeko. She had moved to Imperial Beach from her old flat in Mission Hills just two weeks before receiving Yaeko’s suicide letter (feeling extraordinarily lucky she’d received it at all); she had been debating with herself the wisdom of checking up on her, against all orders, when it arrived.
As for Yaeko, the feeling was very mutual. When she peered into her new guardian’s blue eyes, she was often taken aback: for in them were distant echoes of a beautiful courtyard atop a Swiss hospital and a world-class painter who had refused to stop creating, even in the face of imminent death. She would stare into those eyes and see Rudolph’s peering back from behind them, and would feel his presence roaming the frontiers of her soul. And so, knowing his spirit would always be with her, and remembering Dr. Akimoto’s words, she picked up her violin again and played. She played for Elizabeth; she played for her tutor; and, of course, for Melody and her mother. Sometimes all four were in the same room, listening at the same time. But neither Elizabeth nor her tutor ever brought up her past—her international fame or the crash. Melody often said (and Yaeko knew then that Dr. Akimoto hadn’t mentioned her fame either), “But you’re so good, Yaeko. You should make a CD!” Melody’s mother said very little while she played, but would close her eyes many times; when she opened them, they were often glassy with moisture.
There were new compositions in Yaeko’s heart now, new avenues of exploration and expression, and she pursued them with the same zeal she had while mastering pull-ups or learning English—though with much greater joy. And when Melody expressed an interest in learning how to play violin after another of Yaeko’s many mini-concerts, her joy was doubled. She eagerly took up the challenge of teaching her best friend the instrument that had admitted her to an entirely different reality. The middle school’s music teacher, Mrs. Wilsey, gave Melody permission to use the school’s music room before class twice a week for her lessons. And it was there that Yaeko taught Melody how to play the violin.
But the composition deepest in Yaeko’s spirit, the song she cradled with greatest affection—and sinking fear—the melody that had stunned Izumi Ishikawa into silence and had opened the gateway into another reality, she played only on her own. After a lifetime of learning it, of growing into it, of growing still, Yaeko had finally been able to give her masterpiece a name, a name that belonged to her best friend, a name that seemed to connect the two inextricably and with ever-greater intimacy. The title was so simple, she thought, so obvious. But it had only come to her that fateful day, and only after looking into those dark, round, thoughtful eyes.
It was a composition that was deepening within her, a composition that called to her now more than ever—and a composition that seemed to be beckoning her to play it again at the end of the Pier. The call was plaintive, almost pleading, and growing in urgency every time she played it alone at home. It called to her in the silent spaces between the notes and in its passionate, inspiring movements; it came to her in her most vivid dreams—and in her most terrifying nightmares. And so, on a windswept early morning in late November, four months after she had visited the Pier for the first time, Yaeko rose and wheeled back to its end alone and, gulping back the terror inside her, played Melody once more, her eyes closed, her lungs and her soul freed of any mortal constraints. She played … and then opened her eyes …
… and the Pier to Forever was there, waiting for her.
She gasped. It was nighttime in this reality. The guardtowers to either side of her were like four-hundred-foot-tall dark sentinels preceding her entry into this fantastic realm. Saturn was just rising to her left, coloring the sky before her a dreamlike navy-blue, the distant clouds west of it so silver they appeared more metal than water vapor. The great seaward spire was clearly visible as it rose high above them, thrusting skyward like victory itself. It cut the very odd turquoise-blue moons in half, moons that hung low in the western sky like Christmas ornaments strung over heaven’s own temple. The Great Arch was above and behind her, and seemed to shine of its own silver-green light. The view stopped her mind completely; and two seconds later—or what seemed like only two seconds—she glanced down at her watch and noticed that in fact over an hour had passed. Her eyes were dry and burning from not blinking.
She wheeled over the half melted-looking interface and turned around, facing the dark building at the end of the wooden Pier, the blue light shining brightly from the tower atop it. She played Beethoven again, just like she did the last time she returned home, then pushed back over the interface, passing minutes later (and very reluctantly) back into her normal reality.
She was an inquisitive, exacting soul, and for this visit had brought two wristwatches with her, one which stayed on her wrist; and the other which she had left behind under the middle bench seat of the electric cart that ferried tourists to the restaurant and which was parked at the building’s side. Upon her return, she grabbed the watch from under the cart’s seat. Her eyes grew wide. She had spent over an hour in the fantastic realm, but the wristwatch said she had been gone only six minutes!
And so it went. The Pier to Forever greeted her, time and again, and she would return an hour later to find that sometimes, incredibly, twelve hours had passed in the “normal” reality, and that at other times only twenty minutes had passed. (The returns that had shifted time forward twelve hours only occurred twice, for which she was incredibly thankful, as both resulted in a panicked Elizabeth Finnegan who had very nearly called the sheriff both times to search for her, thinking she had run away again.) Yaeko had tucked a small pad and pencil in with her Stradivarius, and used them to take extensive notes and meticulously record data. After a time a pattern started emerging from that data: a pattern that ebbed and flowed as gently and regularly as the rolling surf beneath the endless Pier itself. Soon she could accurately predict how time behaved between the two realities, and how much of it she would lose—or gain—with each visit. She grew confident, no longer fearing how time would swell or contract when she rolled past the half-melted interface that awaited her each time she opened her eyes at the conclusion of Melody.
The winter slowly passed.
She had played Melody today and, after wheeling over the half melted-looking interface, took a deep breath, steeling herself. She abruptly turned around, wheeling back towards the restaurant, rounding it. She stopped next to the electric cart. The dark cliff faces where the beachfront community of Imperial Beach should have been stared indifferently back at her. Ratcheting up her courage, she began rolling back down the wooden Pier as though returning home. But this was not home; home was an entire universe away. She stopped midway, at the bottom of the Pier’s incline, and glanced back. The blue light in the tower over the restaurant shined steadily, soundlessly, like a ghost. For some reason its presence made her breathe easier. It felt like an anchor, that blue light. An anchor to home—and her best friend. 
Minutes later, she moved towards the narrow cut in the dark cliff face where the wooden Pier went through. She passed into the cut, looking up at the jagged, unfriendly rock on both sides of her, the Great Arch half hidden by wispy, feathery clouds high, high above, the starry blackness it circumscribed partially obscured behind white sea haze. Where the Imperial Beach Pier ended the silver-green extension took up again, just like at the other end over the water, opening like a river delta to its two hundred foot width. The Pier to Forever was twenty feet over sandy desert, lifeless save scattered stalks of cactus or shriveled stands of thirsty scrub brush. Debris was scattered widely here: masts, sails half buried in hot sand, partial hulls of entire ships spread in great splash patterns of dark splintered wood; a large round wooden captain’s wheel, nearly intact, leaning against a boulder; huge iron-black cannons, some sticking straight out of the hot desert sand like forgotten black statues.
A hot gust tossed a burst of gritty sand up into her face. Parts of the Pier to Forever were almost entirely covered in it, and Yaeko had to negotiate about many small dunes that piled up against the railing. It was slow going.
More sails. Sails like a giant’s discarded tissue paper, strewn here and there, caught under dunes or snagged on boulders. One hung limply from the branches of a dead and desiccated tree. The larger sails had black insignia: a broadsword thrust down through the center of a flaming ring. She studied the closest of them for a long time before moving on.
Discolored white branches ahead. Heaps of them, whole misshapen fields of them, most more brown than white and draped with what looked like black cloth and tarnished brass plating. White marbles dotted the tops of many of the heaps. As she drew closer, her breath caught in her throat. The white marbles were skulls; the barkless branches were skeletons.
Uniformed skeletons.
The bones lay in a vast swath seemingly everywhere, clumped in twisted arrangements that provided a clear and terrifying picture to her of the last moments of these persons’ lives. Their end had been sickeningly violent, an encounter with something powerful enough to have lifted their ships completely clear of the water, tossing them contemptuously over unforgiving land. Fifteen feet from her and on the Pier itself, a skeleton lay partially buried in a dune piled high like a miniature pyramid against the north railing. Most assuredly not human, it had raised vertebrae (spines?) and freakishly long arms with perversely long, hooked fingers, like … claws. More incredible still, its cracked skull was inordinately large and included curved rams’ horns and sharp fangs. 
Her nerves sang with fear: that hateful skull was without question malevolent, its mouth half open and filled with sand, the wicked fingers of its hand in a death grip around the hilt of a huge black broadsword. Another skeleton lay just behind it, human. She scarcely noticed it. After a long time and the evermore-urgent voice in her head screaming for her to turn around and return home, she pressed uneasily on, wheeling quickly past both.
The edge of the world was very close now, maybe half a mile away. Yaeko’s pulse pounded in her ears…. Just over those dunes, there it was, a cliff to nothingness….
When she came to the edge, she was trembling uncontrollably and fighting vertigo. She was against the north guardrail, looking over it. The Pier to Forever continued on, receding away against the backdrop of space-blackness through the mighty keyhole of the Great Arch. The Pier rose like a great spine above a tremendous platform; the platform was made of the same silver-green material and extended tens of miles in both directions, left and right, and was at least a thousand feet below the walkway itself, buried under ocean and sea bottom behind her, exposed here at the edge of the world. The Pier to Forever seemed to be in its exact middle. Hundreds of miles out there another enormous spire towered like God’s own citadel, surrounded by a cloud of distant, twinkling stars.
Farther out still, even darker than the surrounding space, a gargantuan rectangle. It was utterly featureless save its outline, which seemed to almost glow. The rectangle spread across the panorama, a good fourth of it total. She studied it for a long time, wondering what it was, how far away it was, losing herself in the distance. She came to herself with a start, shuddered heavily. Vertigo roiled her tummy, made her palms sweat. She composed herself, blinking heavily, and glanced down.
On the silver-green platform far below were many more smashed ships—dozens more. But she could not make out any skeletons way down there, as though the ships had been unceremoniously emptied before being tossed thoughtlessly off the edge of the world. Far out, at the platform’s edge, and on both sides of the Pier to Forever, rose the Great Arch. It was even larger than she first guessed: the Arch itself was hundreds of yards wide at its base and spanned the entire width of the platform.
Hot wind whipped her long black hair around her head and into her face. She pulled it back into a ponytail and pressed her wheelchair forward to where the wheels seemed just over the very edge of the world. The view was daunting, unreal. For the world beneath her wheels seemed to be little more than an immense clay coin, dropping precipitously in jagged shelves to the massive platform below.
She wondered: If I push past this edge, will I explode in sudden vacuum? Why build a pier into space, where no one can walk on it? Why build this thing in the first place? What possible purpose could such a huge artifact serve?
She sat there for a long time, until the heat and gusting winds made her neck sting and her mouth parched. The dust, she noticed, didn’t blow past the edge of the world, but simply … disappeared. And that was warning enough for her. She turned to go back to the wooden, very finite Imperial Beach Pier. The distant blue light in the tower over the restaurant, barely visible above and beyond the narrow cut in the black rock fronting the azure alien sea, was like a friendly beacon, guiding her home.
The wristwatch under the seat of the electric cart next to the restaurant read the exact same time as the one on her wrist. She suppressed the frozen finger of panic sinking into her gut and hastily put it back, wheeling seconds later over the half melted-looking interface. Minutes later, after playing Beethoven, she stowed her violin and then returned through the diaphanous spatial-temporal film that separated Imperial Beach from the unbelievable.
Cold drizzle washed over her face as she looked up in this, her “normal” reality. She’d be soaked when she got home: she hadn’t thought to bring an umbrella. She again grabbed the wristwatch from the cart—and smiled with relief. The eight hours she’d spent on the Pier to Forever had compressed to little more than ninety minutes here; the watch had reset, as if by magic; it was in fact still early morning in Imperial Beach, not even eight a.m. Elizabeth would not be worried.
So many miracles, so much to discover, so beyond belief this all is, she thought, shaking her head in rapt amazement.
Half an hour later, as Elizabeth greeted her at the door, chastising her for not thinking ahead and bringing an umbrella, she gave her the good news: Melody would be meeting her tomorrow morning for a violin lesson. Maggie had called and assured Elizabeth that Yaeko could expect Melody at school first thing in the morning. Melody had been totally obsessed with a math problem of some sort, one that had taken her away from her practice. She had shown her the problem months ago: a very simple drawing of a disjointed triangle with a strange, oddly compelling symbol near the bottom of the page and close to her teacher’s instructions to “SOLVE THIS.” A symbol Yaeko had never seen before.
Much later, after a quiet day spent indoors baking cookies with her guardian, Yaeko, with Elizabeth’s nightly help, got into bed. After Elizabeth kissed her goodnight and closed the bedroom door behind her, she sat up. She pulled the covers away from her legs, exposing her feet, which poked out the leg bottoms of her pink pajamas. She stared intently at her toes for a long time, her chin steady and down, her eyes unblinking.
Her left toe suddenly wiggled. 
She smiled widely, nodding happily. It had become a nightly bedtime ritual, this staring, this hoping, this focusing on her feet. The wiggling was increasing after each visit to the Pier to Forever, half of a half of a tiny millimeter, perhaps; but it was quite clear now: her feet were now not wiggling, really, but jerking a full three or even four inches each way.... Every now and again that same furious itch would roar to life like a wildfire afterward, covering both feet and sometimes even racing up into her calves, as if her legs and feet were waking up after a long slumber.... And was that happening more and more now too? It was becoming easier each time she tried to make her feet move; it required less and less concentration, less and less effort.
Yaeko, however, was not content to simply wiggle her toes these days. “Spidergirl” had been trying new things, taking new risks, giving herself new and evermore challenging exercises. Like her daily scales, like the data and notes of her observations on the Pier to Forever, like a seahawk diving with deadly accuracy for its silvery subsurface dinner, her daily secret training was completed with a precision that was matched only by her breathtaking intensity.
She recovered her legs and feet and then lay back, snuggling warmly into her bed, smiling with deep satisfaction.
One pull-up at a time, she thought. One millimeter at a time.
She thought of the Pier to Forever, of her startling visit there today.
She thought:
I wasn’t meant to roll over you—
Her black eyes caught the feeble light in her darkened room, and they flashed fire—
I wasn’t meant to roll over you—but to walk you.
She breathed deeply.
Someday, Melody, someday soon, I’ll show you the Pier to Forever. I promise. I’ll show you everything….
She took another deep breath.
I’ll show you everything, Melody, everything.... I’ll play you your song....
A cold vein of terror snaked through her. Her smile dissolved, her nightly victory forgotten—
I’ll play you your song—
—And before she could stop it, the thought completed itself:
... the song with no survivors.
The song with no survivors ...
... for the girl Yaeko loved more than life itself.
It took her a long time to fall asleep.



Chapter 13
Exponential Growth
Yaeko was already practicing her violin when Melody burst into the music room well past 6:30, the time they typically met. She had never known Melody to be late for her lesson. Her welcoming smile dissolved when she looked at her face.
 Melody’s visage contained a touch of the hysterical: her chin was down, her large, dark eyes bloodshot and unnaturally wide, as though she had just seen a ghost; eyes that stared unblinkingly ahead as she marched hastily into the room. Her brown hair, typically neatly combed and pulled back into a ponytail, instead hung in wild, unkempt strands. Her clothes were clearly an afterthought: wrinkled khaki pants and a baggy turquoise hooded sweatshirt with a long brown stain that streaked thinly down the front. To complete the ensemble, she wore old pink hi-tops that Yaeko thought she had dispensed with ages ago, a pair in which the sole of the left shoe was partially loose and which made squishing noises as Melody hurried towards her.
Yaeko lowered her violin slowly.
“What is it?” she asked without preamble, as though they were continuing a conversation already started.
Without responding, Melody hurriedly pulled up a chair and sat. She set her violin down on the seat of the next chair over, and then quickly slung her purple backpack from her shoulder to her lap. She hastily unzipped its front pouch, withdrawing from its depths a pair of seagull’s feathers and a new, unsharpened pencil. Then she speedily unzipped the main pouch and yanked a sheet of blank white notebook paper from one of the three large binders stuffed in between the many thick textbooks that jammed the pack to near bursting. She fished out yet another pencil from the front pouch. This one was finely sharpened. She thrust it and the paper at Yaeko, and said:
“Okay. Think of a triangle.”
“O-kaaaay …” Yaeko smiled warily, looking at her friend as if she were crazy.
“I’m serious!” begged Melody.
“So so serious,” grinned Yaeko, using a phrase intimate to their friendship.
She regarded Melody for another moment, puzzled. This was strange behavior indeed! After another second or two, she decided to play along. She closed her eyes briefly, the smile still on her face. “Okay. Got it. Now you want me to draw it, I suppose?”
“No. Draw three or five or six or … or ten or—or whatever, it doesn’t matter: just draw a bunch of lines, and don’t let them touch—er, wait. That doesn’t matter now. I don’t care about that now—” Melody spoke so quickly that Yaeko could barely keep up.
Yaeko had never seen her friend like this. She grasped the pencil—Melody laid a notebook in her lap so she could have something to write on—and peered at her uncertainly.
Melody pounded her knees with the palms of her hands. “Just do it, Yaeko! So so so so serious!”
Yaeko held her bewildered stare, blinked, then glanced down at the blank page. She was quick. She slashed something like a dozen lines of varying lengths onto it, her movements sharp and precise. She went to hand the paper back to her, but Melody pressed her forearm from moving forward. “No. Keep it. Hang on—”
She flew from her chair as if launched by a spring, hurrying out (squish! squish! squish!) the music room’s door. Yaeko stared, baffled. A moment later Melody rushed back in (squish! squish! squish!), closing the door behind her. Yaeko could hear her mumble, “… wish there was a lock …” as she hustled back to her seat.
“ ’K,’ said Melody excitedly, sitting. “Got the triangle?”
“No,” said Yaeko, “I thought of a new one. Is that okay?”
“Sure! Even better. Okay …”
Melody closed her eyes and breathed deeply, steadying herself (which Yaeko at this point thought would prove a hopeless task). When they opened her voice was, surprisingly, much calmer, her speech slower. “I … have only done this with my mom, so I’m not totally sure it works…. I mean, she had no idea what I was doing because I took the paper back to my room each time, and I didn’t check with her afterward.”
She breathed deeply several more times and then locked eyes with Yaeko’s. Her gaze softened suddenly, her face draining of expression. Then she smiled slightly, characteristically, with just a corner of her mouth rising.
“What—?” asked Yaeko, smiling unsurely in return.
“Is this the triangle—?”
She reached a finger for the page in Yaeko’s lap, stopping just short of touching it …
… And Yaeko witnessed the impossible, as three randomly drawn lines suddenly came alive, streaming together, lengthening or shrinking, pushing away or disjoining from other lines, forming sharp corners, solidifying. Then: a sudden, startling flash of white about the newly created figure …
… and there was her imagined triangle, squat, large, and equilateral, exactly as she had imagined it only moments ago.
Her countenance had gone ghost-white, her eyes pulled as wide as they could go. She had squeaked once when the triangle started forming, squirming in her wheelchair as if a huge, hairy tarantula were suddenly discovered crawling up her leg; she squeaked again, both hands over her open mouth, staring intently at the page, then at Melody, then back at the page again.
Melody said—without Yaeko listening at all—“And is this the other one—?”
She pointed at the paper again. Seconds later Yaeko’s original triangle, very tall, thin, and isosceles, had arranged itself perfectly on the page, below and to the left of the first.
No squeaks now. No sounds at all.
“Was it?” asked Melody, beaming proudly.
It took another twenty or maybe even thirty seconds or so, but Yaeko finally answered with a sharp up and down jerk of her head. She gawked at Melody, who had been clearly waiting for just this reaction, appearing fit to burst to share it with her. Melody watched as Yaeko’s mouth opened to voice the inevitable “How—?” but heard something else entirely come out:
“This … must … must be connected somehow, not a coincidence, can’t be a coincidence…. You … Melody … and I; and I …” 
She gaped once more at the paper in her lap, then back at Melody, her voice barely audible. “… I’m not crazy after all.”
Melody was completely taken aback. “Huh? —‘crazy’? —‘coincidence’? —Wha—?” Her smile vanished; she was suddenly bitterly disappointed. “You can do this too?”
Yaeko stared at her as if at a total stranger. She looked down, studied the paper for some moments longer. Her face wasn’t full of wonder, to Melody’s bemusement, but was deadly serious, her countenance one of intense concentration, as if she were contemplating a very difficult passage of music. She delicately traced her finger about the perimeters of the perfect triangles, doing so very slowly. When she looked up again, she finally asked the question Melody had imagined she’d ask since deciding to show her last night:
“H-How—?”
“Swear not to tell?” Melody’s smile reappeared like sunshine after a storm.
“Yes … I swear….” Yaeko’s voice was distant and dreamy.
“Serious?”
The word seemed to bring Yaeko back to herself. She smiled falteringly, as if still totally unsure of her friend. “So so serious….” she whispered.
Melody took a deep breath. “Okay—do you remember that weird symbol I showed you, the one on my math assignment from Mr. Conor, the one he called an aecxis?”
Yaeko nodded slowly.
“Well.” Melody then breathlessly shared everything that had happened to her since she last saw her, from the dinner date and the triplets of seagulls flying in perfect formation above Mr. Conor’s head as he walked towards her on the Pier, to Harry Chin, the “really, really weird” dishwasher and what happened when she stared into his pupilless black eyes while standing in the back room of the kitchen at Fisherman’s Choice: the sense of floating, of swimming, of … of … she stopped. “I want to talk about that last,” she said quite cryptically, and then she launched back into her story—about the sense of disappearing, of vanishing from existence itself within the dishwasher’s unflinching stare…. She shared the terror she felt in that gaze, the fear of dying, of death, and then her fight against that fear, of pushing out against imminent extinction—of suddenly returning to the present and the strange dishwasher’s freaky eyes once more. Then: as she and her mom and Mr. Conor walked down the Pier, how seagulls appeared out of nowhere, birds with the same black symbol on their chests—a broadsword thrust down through a flaming ring (Yaeko’s eyes grew huge)—attacking Mr. Conor; how white terns came swooping out of the darkness to his rescue; of the alarming scene later with the paramedics and firemen and the blood pooling beneath him; and then how she and her mother waited for hours in the emergency room, waited for word on his condition…. And then later, much later, after tossing and turning in bed for what seemed an eternity, her fantastic dream—and … and … (Melody glanced at her violin for a moment)—and the aecxis—the periodless question mark with the curly-Q top—the incredible sense of peace, of knowing how to solve the proof, of how small and petty her life felt, how death seemed like no big deal, a transition only, an illusion really…. How she had woken and remembered her dream, and then—
Yaeko breathed (as much for herself as for her friend), “And then what?”
Melody already had the folder ready. She opened it and presented the page with the perfect equilateral triangle on it. Yaeko looked at it.
“I don’t get it,” she said. “What’s this have to do—?”
“That is the page with the broken triangle on it, Yaeko!” said Melody elatedly. “This is the original assignment! That’s the broken triangle itself!”
“Where’s the aecxis?” Yaeko asked, still staring at the paper.
Melody held up her finger. “In here! That’s how I’m made those triangles! The one that was on the page disappeared into this finger … And now, when I see it in my mind, I can make it fix any triangle drawn by anybody!”
Silence. Yaeko stared at Melody’s right index finger as though at a space alien.
Melody was smiling at her.
“What?” demanded Yaeko, noticing her friend’s wild grin.
“There’s more.”
Yaeko’s head came forward. “More?”
“Yeah. Lots more. Watch—” Melody grabbed the seagull feathers. She opened her palm where they lay, closed her eyes for several seconds. Opened them, focusing on the feathers ...
As if released by an astronaut in orbit, the seagull feathers floated peacefully off her hand.
Yaeko’s outburst was half squeal, half scream. Melody flicked her wrist and both feathers started twirling; she motioned towards Yaeko with her other hand and one of the feathers started flipping over itself as well.
Yaeko stared, completely transfixed. “I can even do it without looking at them,” said Melody, who jumped up quickly and squished away for the music room’s door, her back to the floating feathers, which stayed in silent motion. Yaeko tentatively reached for one. “What if I try to grab one?” she asked.
“I don’t know!” said Melody, turning about to watch. “Go on … try!”
Yaeko reached tentatively for the left feather. But—“I ... I can’t! Look! It’s like trying to push my hand through something that won’t give, something … thick, like … I don’t know! —like glue or something! This is so unbelievable! It’s—it’s magic, Melody!”
Melody returned to her seat.
“You see,” she said, sitting again, “I don’t think it is. I think it’s something else, something real.” Both watched the twirling, flipping feathers.
“This … this ‘aecxis’ …can you see it—them—in the feathers right now?”
“Only if I want to,” said Melody. “I just … it’s like focusing, but opposite, you know?”
“To see them you must be—distracted?”
“No …”
“Then … what?”
“Ummm … You know when you focus, you focus outward?”
“Concentration, yes.”
“Right. This is like concentration, but … inward. Follow?”
“Meditation?”
“I don’t know! More like … like—acceptance? But I don’t think that’s the right word either.”
Yaeko’s face … It was filled with delight—great delight—but something else too … that studious, conflicted—almost terrified—look again…. What was it that bothered her? Melody found herself observing her, not the miraculous floating feathers. After another contemplative minute, and with a gentle, airy brush of her hand, she sent the left feather towards Yaeko, where it settled placidly in her outstretched palm. Melody retrieved the right one.
She then grabbed the last of her props, the unsharpened pencil, and thrust it at her.
Yaeko gawked. “You can do more?”
Melody nodded enthusiastically, the long, unkempt strands of brown hair in her riotous eyes giving her the look of an escaped patient from the violent ward. “Break it!”
Yaeko put the feather down, glanced at the pencil. She brought her thumbs together and pressed. The pencil snapped smartly in half. She held both pieces expectantly, waiting for Melody’s instructions.
Melody settled herself in her seat. “Now …” she said, breathing deeply, “I only did this once—at four this morning—and I knew where both pieces were … but … I think I can do this….” She took in another slow lungful of air and then glanced at Yaeko. “Go on,” she said. “Hide them—hide both halves of the pencil. I’ll close my eyes.”
“Serious?”
“So so serious....”
Yaeko stared disbelievingly at her for another moment, then placed the notebook in her lap on the floor next to the Stradivarius, which lay in its open case. Melody was smiling peacefully, her eyes closed.
Melody heard her moving around the large cluttered space of the music room, the wheels of her wheelchair a barely audible rubbery hiss on the tile floor. She heard a bang and clatter as a music stand collided with her wheelchair, followed by a giggle and “Oops!” Presently she returned. 
“Ready,” said Yaeko.
Behind Melody’s closed eyes was a beautiful aecxis, gold and blue and shimmering in her mind’s eye. It was waiting for her patiently, wrapping about itself calmly, changing shape and colors, becoming translucent and purple ...
She thought of the pencil. She thought: Mend … She breathed very deeply … Mend the pencil….
The aecxis in her mind stopped shimmering and twisting. It “approached” her … and, with a flash, disappeared from her mind’s eye.
She exhaled slowly and lifted her hands from her lap. The pencil half with the eraser end that Yaeko had placed under the choir riser, and the other half that she had hidden in an empty trombone case, lifted simultaneously—
She squeaked again—
The stubs flipped towards each other, meeting in the middle of the classroom, five feet off the floor. Melody could see? feel? millions of tiny aecxes flowing between the snapped ends of the stubs as the pencil came together and started mending, becoming whole again. The characteristic flash of white light marking the completion of the aecxes’ task brightened the inner landscape of her quiet soul for a moment, just as she was sure Yaeko could see it over the newly reformed pencil. Perhaps thirty seconds had passed. Melody opened her eyes and motioned her hand forward. The healed pencil cartwheeled happily through the air, hesitating just in front of Yaeko’s face …
The eraser end suddenly came forward and touched her nose—
Yaeko’s eyes were wide and crossed—
Melody kissed the air, giggling. The repaired pencil hung motionless for another second, and then dropped harmlessly into Yaeko’s lap.
Yaeko picked it up like it was the flimsiest, costliest porcelain, and inspected it closely. It was as if she had never broken it. She couldn’t see a crack or mark of any kind on it.
“Serious …” she whispered.
“I know!” exclaimed Melody. “I just wish Mr. Conor were here today. I’ve got so much to show him!”
“Are you sure he isn’t here? Maybe he’s okay.”
“No, it’s why I didn’t come here with you this morning. It’s why I’m late—” she glanced at Yaeko apologetically. “I’m so frustrated! I mean, I was so excited to show you all this—I’ve got one more thing to show you, but it’s plain—I mean, it’s not miraculous or anything, well, maybe it is, I don’t know—but I also want to show Mr. Conor too! That’s what he wanted me to do most of all—to solve that proof! I mean, he was thinking about it on the gurney, Yaeko!”
She sighed and then said, “Anyway, I ran by his classroom and the math seminar—”
“Math seminar?” Yaeko was still staring at the pencil and taking occasional asides to lean forward to glance at the seagull feather at her feet. She raised her chin.
“Yeah. That’s what they call it. It’s one big room for all the math teachers. The math office.”
“Oh … oh, right …”
“I went by the seminar and he wasn’t there; nobody was. His room was locked too. I don’t think anybody could heal so quickly after something like that, it’s a stupid wish on my part. He was really hurt, Yaeko. It was so awful, you should’ve seen it….”
Yaeko had forgotten about the pencil and feather, and had re-engaged in an intense inspection of the proof with the perfect equilateral triangle on it.
“Wow,” was all she said, preoccupied. “Wow …”
And there it was again: that studious, conflicted—terrified?—look.
Melody leaned forward. “Yaeko, are … are you upset with me?”
Yaeko came back to herself instantly. “No … no! I—this is just so hard to believe, and …”
“And what?”
“And I … I’ve got … I …”
But her voice trailed off into a pregnant silence. The adrenalin surged in her veins, and the terror, the abject terror.... She swallowed both back, certain Melody had noted the effort.
She said: “You said you had something else to show me? Something as incredible?”
“No,” Melody said somewhat self-effacingly, “not as incredible. No more floating feathers or making triangles or mending pencils. I—I wrote you a song, Yaeko. Er … I mean, I tried….”
The smile that lighted Yaeko’s face this time was pure and genuine, untouched by conflict or terror. “You—wrote me a song?”
“Yeah … well, I didn’t write it, it’s not mine,” Melody went on, “it’s … I mean ... growing up, my mom always heard me humming it…. It’s funny: since I met you, I’ve never thought of it, really.... Wow … just realized that…. So it’s not really mine, it’s somebody else’s, though my mom could never find the composer….”
Melody glanced at her violin, then back at Yaeko. “I’ve been working on it a long time, sort of a surprise.” She stared uneasily at her best friend. “Promise you won’t laugh?”
Yaeko was touched. “No, of course not, Melody. Go on, play it! I want to hear it!”
Melody looked into her eyes as though seeking absolute reassurance, then reached for her violin case, withdrawing the instrument and bow moments later. She stood, as though at a formal recital, smiling nervously. She said, “You know when you get a song from the radio in your head—and it just won’t go away?”
Yaeko nodded.
“It’s been like that for me with this song my whole life. But it’s weird: I’ve never grown to hate it. You usually start hating those songs that just won’t leave. But this one I’ve only grown to love more and more....”
She brought the violin to her chin, the bow ready, and said, “I’ve only got a few bars of this, it’s really, really difficult, but—” she took a deep breath—“here goes nothing—”
“Oh ain’t this sweet! How’s it goin’, Spaz? Looking good today, Spazzie! Gonna play ‘You Are My Sunshine’ for Cripple there? Hey boys—let’s listen in!”
Melody yanked the violin and bow down with a tortured screech, spinning about on her heels—
Tommy Heffledorf and his gang of four bullies had somehow entered the room without Melody or Yaeko noticing them. The boys laughed at Heffledorf’s joke, grinning maliciously, then slumped with him into chairs next to the door, smirking. Heffledorf leaned way back in his, bringing its front legs off the floor, and crossed his arms in front of his fat chest. “Go on!” he yelled. And then he sang, “You are my sunshine, my only sunshine …”
The boys laughed again.
Melody turned back, her face beet red. “Let’s go, Yaeko,” she said quietly.
She hurriedly stowed her instrument and bow and packed her belongings. The boys, sitting there, razzed her the entire time:
“Aw, look. We embarrassed her. Look at her face! Spaz is leaving! But—what if we want to hear ‘You Are My Sunshine’? What if—” Melody hastily advanced to the door of the music room, her purple backpack over her shoulder, her violin in the other hand, her head down. Yaeko followed closely behind her. “What if ...” Tommy Heffledorf had stood and stepped in front of the door, blocking her way; “... we don’t let you pass unless you play it for us?”
The fat boy stood directly in her path, smiling evilly, his freckled round face and beady eyes staring down at her.
Melody said, “C’mon, Yaeko,” hoping that she was following right behind her.
But as Melody went to step around him, he moved back in her way.
“Start playin’, Spaz,” he growled, his smile gone.
“Ow!—hey!”
Yaeko had just run over the toes of one of the bullies who tried to come around Melody’s back. Her eyes were fierce with anger. The bully advanced on her—
“What’s going on here?”
The music teacher, Mrs. Wilsey, walked into the classroom and in front of Tommy Heffledorf.
“Nothin’,” said the rotund bully. “Spaz was just tellin’ me how good lookin’ I am, and I was just about to return the compliment is all …”
The gang laughed.
“Her name is Melody, Tommy, and that is how you will address her,” snapped Mrs. Wilsey, her glare darkening. Melody stared at the floor. Mrs. Wilsey looked at her. “Are you okay, Melody?”
“I’m fine,” she said without looking up. “Let’s go, Yaeko.”
“ ‘Hooked On Phonics’ is in the library—that way—” Heffledorf pointed, speaking very loudly. His friends didn’t bother to suppress the belly laughs, even with a teacher standing directly in front of them.
Melody wasn’t listening. She hurried past the boys and through the doorway, Yaeko right behind her.
Mrs. Wilsey was chewing out the gang now, and in full voice. Melody and Yaeko advanced hastily into the hallway, now crammed with kids hurrying to get to their lockers and then to class, the angry chastisement fading quickly into the commotion of a new school day.
~~*~~
Melody sat and thought black thoughts.
She and Yaeko were outside at the entrance of the school. She had plopped in frustration on one of the stone benches there, just under the school’s American flag, which whipped in the steady breeze above her head. Her hair blew into her face. She didn’t seem to notice.
Yaeko was inspecting the mended pencil again. She put it away and glanced at her.
“What will happen to them?” she asked.
“Nothing.” Melody’s voice was low and bitter. “Nothing ever happens to the idiots and gang members and druggies and taggers here. They just get yelled at, or maybe suspended a day or two, but that’s it. The parents are all rich, for the most part, and the principal and teachers are afraid of stepping on their toes. Their kids are all little angels, don’t you know?” She spat the words with contempt.
“Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.” Melody sat silent for another moment, and then added, “We’re lucky. That fat pig Heffledorf—I’ve told you about him, he was in my GATE class, remember?—he’s been known to beat up girls. It’s his favorite pastime. His gang runs this school, I swear.”
“Jerks.”
“Tell me about it.”
“No wonder you hated that advanced math class so much. He’s a real loser. They all are.”
The first bell sounded. Melody looked over her shoulder. “Swell. I’ve gotta go. I’ve got ten minutes to get to class.”
“Okay, Melody.”
Melody stood. She gazed at Yaeko, who stared back with that same studious, conflicted-scared look again.
Yaeko said, “Will you play me your song later ... maybe?”
Melody sighed, nodded. “Are you sure you’re not upset with me?”
“I’m not upset, Melody.”
“Honest?”
“Honest.”
“Then what is it? Do you think I’m a freak now? That’s it, isn’t it? You think I’m a freak.”
“No, of course not! It’s a miracle, Melody! I can’t believe I watched it! Why would I think you a freak for being able to do such incredible things—and for trusting me enough to share them with me?”
“Then—what is it? What’s bugging you? Please tell me …”
“I—” Yaeko stared up at Melody with helpless eyes. “I … I have something to share with you, too.”
“Serious? What is it?”
“I … can’t tell you; I … I must show you. But I think it has something to do with the aecxis, with your abilities.”
“Really? Wow! Go ahead, I want to see!”
“Not here. What I must show you is … is ... somewhere else.”
“Show me tonight, after school?”
Yaeko’s chin dropped slightly, as though she were computing a math problem.
“No,” she said thoughtfully. “How about Wednesday before class? You have a half day that day, don’t you? You don’t have to go in until ten?”
“After practice?”
“Yes.”
“Cool! After I play my song for you, then you’ll show me?”
Yaeko nodded solemnly.
“Do you really think it has something to do with the aecxis? Is it really cool?”
For a second Yaeko’s face flashed that terror again. She glanced up at Melody. Then she smiled—though her eyes remained very somber. “I do. It’s beyond that, Melody. It’s … it’s perfect.”
“Serious?”
“So so serious.”



Chapter 14
Suspicion of Danger
Melody knew Aedan Conor wasn’t at school: she had already torn by the math seminar and his classroom before seeing Yaeko. Mr. Conor’s injuries had just been too serious, too gruesome—yet here she was, sprinting down the math hallway again, to check one more time, hoping against hope, her thumbs hooked under the shoulder straps of her oversized backpack as it pounded against her back.
The tardy bell was just moments from sounding, she just knew it …
She fought through the shuffling, boisterous stream of her middle school peers, who barely took notice of her. It seemed as if everybody was going the opposite direction, as though she were desperately wading upstream against boiling teenaged rapids.
Mr. Conor’s math classroom was still locked. She groaned in frustration and took off again for the math seminar. She was no longer fighting through the crowds; she was very late now; the hallways were quickly draining of students as they disappeared into their first-period classrooms, eager to beat the tardy bell.
Miracles can happen, right? she thought as she ran. Look at me! I can mend broken pencils and float seagulls’ feathers—with my mind! Please please please be here, Mr. Conor, pleeeeease …
She came to an abrupt halt at the door to the math seminar, poking her head around the corner, peering inside, breathing heavily. The math seminar was a large room with teachers’ desks arranged inside ten or eleven haphazardly placed cubicles. The cubicles appeared to be empty, though she couldn’t tell: many faced away from her line of sight. Mr. Conor’s desk wasn’t in a cubicle: it stood alone and was just inches from the door. She groaned again. Her teacher’s desk was unoccupied, its surface clear of papers or any sign of recent activity.
“Well, look at this. The teacher’s pet has come looking for him.”
In the back of the room, Mrs. Lilywhite stared at Melody from the side of her cubicle, her cat glasses perched halfway down the shapeless mountain of her nose, her massive round head like a freakish growth on the cubicle’s side. Her face was full of self-righteous glee.
“You of all people should know he wasn’t going to show today,” she spat with a poisonous sneer. “And—oh no—” she pointed an index finger thick as a bratwurst at a point above Melody’s head; Melody glanced up at the clock over the door just as the tardy bell sounded. “Now you’re late for Ms. Dinges’ Spanish class. It’s Spanish—right? Tsk, tsk. I’ll have to assure Chloe you weren’t in fact making every effort to get to her class on time. She’ll be so disappointed in you…. And while we’re on the subject of disappointment, Miss Singleton—I strongly advise you not disappoint me second hour, as I’m taking Mr. Conor’s class today. Not enough district substitutes available. I do hope you’re intelligent enough to realize what a mistake it would be to walk into that room tardy while I’m there.” She smiled smugly. “Buenos dias, Miss Singleton.”
~~*~~
Melody slunk into Spanish class three minutes late. She took two tippy-toe steps inside the door when Ms. Dinges, the teacher, came from around the overhead projector that was displaying the day’s new verbs to be conjugated and, drawing close to Melody, said quietly, “This isn’t like you, Melody. Do you have a pass? Why are you tardy?”
The entire class was watching her.
Melody’s response was nearly inaudible. “I … was looking for Conor—f-for Mr. Conor….”
“I’m sorry—come again?”
“—looking for Mr. Conor.”
“You—? Ah. I—” And it was then that Ms. Dinges noticed that her class wasn’t working as directed.
“Vayan ustedes a trabajar!” she ordered, pointing Melody towards the door.
In the empty hallway she asked, “You said you were looking for Mr. Conor?”
“Yes.”
“I heard what happened! Ese hombre pobre! Do you know if he’s all right?”
“I don’t know!” complained Melody. “My mom tried all day yesterday to find his phone number and call, but it’s unlisted.”
“I can see how frustrated you are.”
Melody said nothing in return, staring down at her pink hi-tops.
“I’m glad you are okay, mija. And your mother?”
“She’s okay,” Melody said glumly, still looking downward.
“Good,” nodded Ms. Dinges. “Please give her my best.”
“I’m sorry for being late …”
“Well …” Ms. Dinges considered, “it’s your first offense—and for a good cause. Hold out your wrist.”
Melody raised her head. After a moment of hesitation she held up her hand. Ms. Dinges grabbed it and gave her wrist a light slap.
“C’mon in,” said her Spanish teacher, half frowning, half smiling, “and be sure to drop by my office soon to tell me what exactly happened, okay? The rumors flying around here are difficult to believe. Now—let’s get to work.”
And that was that.
Melody dreaded going to her geometry class, and hated Mrs. Lilywhite even more for feeling that way. Despite that, she hustled there after Spanish at high speed, the first student to arrive. The door had been unlocked during first period; she opened it and entered the still-darkened classroom. Her desk, which used to be next to Mr. Conor’s, had been placed with the others at the head of the far row, facing the blackboard like the rest. She sat in it, unslinging her pack and suppressing the cold dread that sank like a lead weight into her gut. She gazed at Mr. Conor’s desk; like his desk in the seminar, it too was clean and neat of paperwork. She glanced at the brick wall just behind it.
Her chin came forward, her eyes squinting. She rose and stepped around Mr. Conor’s desk, sitting in his chair, astonished that she hadn’t ever taken notice of what she was looking at now….
Taped to the wall behind his desk was a satellite photo of the Pier, focused from a perspective of perhaps a thousand feet above it, the details on it crystal clear, the superstructure like a tremendous thin brown arrow jutting into the vast swath of navy-blue Pacific Ocean.
A long white strip of poster board was taped to the photo’s right side. The strip was two yards in length and perhaps a foot wide. There was a graph drawn on it, with a short vertical axis and a very long horizontal one. Both axes were penned in red marker, expertly, in Mr. Conor’s own hand. Above the vertical axis was the title, “Gaia Tangent +/- 16: Period: 48 Days.” The horizontal axis was marked “Date,” and below it was the word “Displacement.” From the origin of the graph snaked a beautiful blue sine curve, also drawn perfectly, Mr. Conor’s penmanship unmistakable and precise. The sine curve crossed the horizontal axis in at least two-dozen places. Where it did was more writing, tiny markings …
Melody came closer, staring hard …
The dates her geometry teacher had written at the intersections were in black pen, the printing quite small. There were times written under the dates, written in military time, down to tenths of a second.
She examined the dates. Most of the days indicated had already passed. But wait: this Wednesday’s date had been marked down, one of the last times listed on the graph at its far right end, the time under the intersection reading: 18:27:49.4. Wednesday was just the day after tomorrow! What could it mean?
She studied the graph for a long time, occasionally returning her attention to the satellite photo of the Pier. Certainly it wasn’t a coincidence that the photo was taped to the left end of the graph—a tide graph? Tides were cyclical, were they not? Or perhaps something else, something about the Pier itself...? Some weird, unknown property near it? She flashed back to Saturday night on that very Pier, to Harry Chin and her experience looking into his totally black eyes, to the seagull attack…. Was there a connection between this graph, the Pier, and the strange, terrifying events of Saturday last? If so, what was it?
The classroom’s lights suddenly flipped on, white and blinding. Melody jumped in the teacher’s seat, squinting towards the door. 
“Sit in your assigned seat, Miss Singleton.”
Mrs. Lilywhite lurched into the classroom, pushing a metal cart loaded down with textbooks and stacks of papers and various math implements: protractors, compasses, rulers, and calculators. Melody hadn’t even noticed that most of the class had filed in during her study of the Pier photograph or the sine curve next to it. She stood quickly, came around the desk, sat in her seat. Mrs. Lilywhite eagle-eyed her. “Certainly not gifted and talented,” the angry round mass snarled, “but at least smart enough to know not to cross me twice. Perhaps there’s hope after all.”
She had spoken loud enough to silence the general murmur of the classroom, but no one laughed save one person, and he was just walking into the room now.
Tommy Heffledorf.
He sneered at Melody, who flushed a violent red and looked away.
Mrs. Lilywhite, meanwhile, had thankfully turned her attention to the rest of the class.
“Sit down. There’s the bell. Sit down! Mr. Conor’s zoo is closed for business—today, tomorrow—who knows? forever? ... Since the school district is short on substitute teachers this week, it falls to me, the Mathematics Chairwoman, to deal with the subsequent nightmare. So until the zookeeper returns you will be dealing with me. Mr. Heffledorf, put my name on the board—and make sure it’s in large, easy-to-read letters.”
Tommy Heffledorf did as ordered, snickering, grabbing a long white chalk to scrawl Mrs. Lilywhite’s name on the blackboard, taking up a good third of it to do so.
“Mr. Conor, as many of you may already know from news reports, was involved in an accident or some other Saturday night on the Pier. It is not my place, nor my desire, to discuss it or the particulars, and I will serve detention to anyone who does so during class time—let me be clear. If you want particulars, you may ask your so-called ‘teacher’s assistant’ after class, as she was apparently there.”
Melody’s face burned, the back of her neck stinging with embarrassment. She stared hard at the top of her desk. She felt the hairs on the back of her head stand as thirty pairs of eyes gawked at her.
“I’ve asked one of your peers, Mr. Heffledorf here, to accompany me while I substitute in this class. Mr. Heffledorf is a gifted and talented student, the brightest mathematics student in this school. He will be aiding me as I attempt to remediate the glaring deficiencies I am certain to discover in this room. Which means you are to do as he tells you—or face me.” She glowered slowly around the room, her nose up, as though to sniff out any thoughts that students might be harboring of staging a coup d’etat to this unwanted change of classroom leadership. Her stern, teacherly, dictatorial gaze came to rest on Melody last. Tommy Heffledorf stood at the door, his arms crossed, looking quite proud of himself.
“Since Mr. Conor was apparently too indisposed to prepare lesson plans for his substitute, I will be teaching this class my way. It’s quiz time. Take out two sheets of LINED notebook paper and a number two pencil—not a number three pencil, not a number four or five pencil, not a mechanical pencil, but a NUMBER TWO PENCIL. Those without a NUMBER TWO PENCIL will be penalized ten points on this quiz, as district policy is quite clear on the matter as to which pencil is to be used in all secondary mathematics classrooms. Yes, boys and girls”—Mrs. Lilywhite put her beefy fists on her elephantine hips—“this is not Burger King, and you can’t have it your way.
“Number your papers VERTICALLY from one to thirty, leaving EXACTLY five lines between each for your work. If you need scratch paper, you must see me. I will provide it. No one is excused from this quiz FOR ANY REASON—and that includes you, Little Miss Teacher’s Assistant.”
The contrast between the brightness of Mr. Conor’s classroom and the vile oppression of this invading, unwelcome tyrant was almost too violent for Melody to bear. As she grudgingly numbered her paper, the aecxis appeared suddenly upon it, rising off the page. But as it did it began mutating … No longer its typical, serene gold and blue, shifting happily from this shape to that, from this texture to that—but now an angry, frightening red and black, flashing violently, convulsively in parts, and twisting very rapidly, almost too fast for her to see. Every few seconds it would snap totally straight, totally rigid, dense as iron and black as coal. The ends would flash like tiny twin suns then, very oddly and compellingly. But she knew she was being watched like a hawk and “accepted” the mysterious symbol (it disappeared then) as she distractedly finished numbering her paper. 
Whoa.
Her eyes went wide as saucers.
Beneath where the twisting, violent aecxis had been was a brown burn mark an inch across.
And now she could very distinctly smell smoke …
“THERE IS NO TALKING IN MY CLASSROOM!”
Melody’s head snapped up. Mrs. Lilywhite was glaring crossly at a pair of girls in the back of the room, who stared back, their eyes like a pair of deer caught in the headlamps of an oncoming semi.
“Mr. Heffledorf, the lights.”
Her hefty assistant lumbered to the corner of the classroom and switched off the soulless white lights. The overhead projector whirred on the next instant, displaying the quiz questions on the screen behind Mrs. Lilywhite, who stood just outside the machine’s ghostly glow, looming hugely next to it, like a bloated, reanimated corpse lurking beyond the lonely midnight light of the morgue. 
“You have thirty minutes,” said the corpse as Melody reexamined the burn mark on her page. “KEEP YOUR EYES ON YOUR OWN PAPER. Mr. Heffledorf, please stand over there”—Lilywhite pointed to the back corner of the room, cast now in darkness—“and keep a close eye out for cheaters.” Then she added: “I will be taking roll. You will RAISE YOUR HAND ONLY when you hear your name…. Aragon! …”
The quiz was heinously difficult. Melody’s hand was severely cramped, her index finger throbbing from writing so quickly. She only had time to complete twenty-five of the thirty questions, though she felt certain those were correct. But if she was certain of the correctness of her completed answers, she was also just as certain that not a single one of her classmates had finished even a third of the quiz: the questions were ones much like those she had struggled solving while thumbing through her mother’s college math texts. At that thought the red-and-black aecxis made a sudden, startling reappearance, but flashed out of existence an instant later when her eardrums were assaulted with:
“PENCILS DOWN!”
The remainder of the class was spent listening to Mrs. Lilywhite lecturing, with the occasional aside for the “disciplining” (cruel berating) of any student who as much as sneezed. After the rest of her classes Melody returned impatiently home to tear through her homework (the geometry assignment alone took nearly two hours); she then practiced violin for an hour after dinner, at which time she packed her overnight bag for her stay at Yaeko’s house. She included a fresh bag of peanut M and Ms (Yaeko’s favorite), kissed her mom good-bye, and hurried out the door. Mrs. Finnegan greeted her ten minutes later. “She’s in her bedroom,” Yaeko’s guardian pointed Melody down the hall; “I’ll bring in some strawberry-rhubarb pie later, sound good?” Melody nodded enthusiastically as she opened Yaeko’s bedroom door. “Thank you, Mrs. Finnegan …”
Yaeko listened intently to the story of her day and about the mutated aecxis that had burned her geometry quiz. Both girls held a handful of peanut M and Ms, the bag opened on the floor between them. From the boombox in the bedroom’s corner came the music of U2. Long ago Elizabeth Finnegan had moved a second bed into Yaeko’s room (there was more than enough room to do so; Yaeko, when she stayed at Melody’s house, stayed in the guest room); the girls were lying on their respective beds, facing each other.
“Wow,” said Yaeko. “There’s an aecxis that starts fires?”
“I don’t know,” replied Melody dolefully. “I just know I despise that huge tub-of-goo teacher and her creep ‘assistant.’ I just wanted to jump up and punch both of them in the nose! I was getting sooo angry—and then poof! there it was! But it was twisting hyper-fast and flashing at the ends and was red and black—”
“Have you seen it since?”
“Yeah, twice. Heffledorf and his gang are in my swimming class after Geometry. ’Cept the pool is broken or something and so we’re in the gym every day playing stupid dodgeball. Look ...” She hiked the left pant leg of her jeans up to her knee, exposing a wide, gruesome black-and-blue bruise on her calf. “The game was already over; his side had won. Our side was walking back to our wall when he threw a ball at me. The bruise goes into the thigh. It hurts bad.”
Yaeko hissed when she gazed at it. Then she asked, “Did he get in trouble?”
“He got yelled at, sure,” said Melody bitterly. “Big deal.”
“I’m sorry, Melody. When was the second time?”
“When I was leaving school.” She pulled her pant leg down. At that moment there was a light knock at the door; Mrs. Finnegan entered the bedroom carrying two dessert plates, each with a two-inch-thick wedge of strawberry-rhubarb pie and a generous scoop of French vanilla ice cream melting over both. Both girls thanked her. “Bed in an hour, girls,” directed Mrs. Finnegan. “It’s getting late. Okay?”
“Okay,” replied Yaeko, smiling.
“Goodnight, Mrs. Finnegan,” said Melody.
“Call me Elizabeth, Melody. Yaeko does. It’s perfectly okay. I’ve told you a hundred times, I think.”
Melody blushed with the good-natured reproach as Elizabeth quietly closed the bedroom door. Yaeko was eager to continue their conversation; and, after a large bite of pie, asked, “When was the second time?”
“Oh. Right,” said Melody between generous bites of ice cream. “When I was leaving school. I passed by the math office and heard the other math teachers talking. I stood outside, just around the corner, and listened. Then that evil cow started in…. She wants to fire Mr. Conor for something called ‘moral turpitude’—whatever that means—for going to dinner with me and my mom Saturday night!”
“Oh, no …”
“I told Momma that seeing him was a weird idea! But would she listen to me? Nooooooo.”
She aggressively forked into her dessert, frustrated; she shoveled a large piece of pie into her mouth, chewed for a second, swallowed, and then continued, her mouth still half full: “All day she kept ranking on my class, telling us how stupid we all are, and how ‘unprepared for the real world’ we all are, and how Mr. Conor is ‘babying’ us and ‘coddling’ us and—”
Her eyes narrowed, her face flushing red.
“And—?” asked Yaeko.
“—and she told the other teachers that I was a ‘spoiled little psycho who should be in counseling, not “mainstreamed,” ’ whatever that means. Then she showed them my quiz—the one with the burn mark on it—and said the burn mark was proof!”
“That’s ridiculous! That could’ve come from anything!”
Melody nodded vigorously, swallowing hard. “I know! I know! She said she could’ve sworn she smelled something burning during our quiz, and now she had me ‘red-handed.’ ”
“And that’s when you saw the red-and-black aecxis?”
“Yeah.”
There was a long pause.
“How did you get it to go away?” Yaeko asked gently, worried about her friend’s state of mind.
Melody raised her head and smiled slyly. “One of the teachers actually started arguing with her.”
“Really? That’s great!”
“Yeah. It was awesome. One of the Algebra teachers, Ms. Menzies. I had her last year. She told Mrs. Lilywhite that she thought I was a great student and that Mr. Conor was a very popular, very effective teacher. She told her she was just upset because Mr. Jefferson reprimanded her or something.”
“Cool! Reprimanded for what?”
“Something that happened with me, I think! It fits. Perhaps that’s why she’s been extra mean to me—meaner than usual, that is. It makes sense, doesn’t it? Then she got really huffy with Ms. Menzies and stomped out of the room. I had to run to avoid being spotted.”
Another long pause. Yaeko noticed that Melody had stopped eating her dessert and was now staring intently at the carpeted floor.
Finally:
“Yaeko … I—I don’t think I can take much more of Lilywhite or her fat helper-spawn…. It feels like … like something inside me is changing … like … like one of these days I’m going to lose control or something. I’ve never done that before. I’m … I’m scared.”
She looked up.
“Mr. Conor will be back soon, Melody,” said Yaeko, trying to sound assuring and confident.
“I wish! … Gosh, do I wish!”
Both girls fell silent for a time as they finished their desserts. Presently Yaeko smiled.
“Will you float something for me before we go to bed?”
Melody nodded, grinning, grateful that she had changed the subject.
“Serious?”
“So so serious …” Yaeko smiled wider.
“What shall I float?”
Yaeko held up her dessert plate, now holding only pie crumbs and the irregular yellow splotch that was all that was left of a large serving of French vanilla ice cream. “How ‘bout this?”
“Okay!”
“But—wait. I’ve wanted to show you something ... Help me turn over.”
“Okay—” Melody came around to Yaeko’s bed, helping her over onto her back and then to sit up. “What is it?” asked Melody excitedly. “Is it what you wanted to show me earlier today? The thing you think has to do with the aecxis?” She sat next to her, waiting.
Yaeko’s smile dissolved for an instant, her expression becoming very serious. “No. But ...” Her smile suddenly reappeared, brighter than before. “... look at my feet!”
She pulled the legs of her pajamas up, exposing her bare feet, which were just over the bed’s edge. She stared hard at her toes for several seconds—
Suddenly both feet jerked a couple of inches to each side.
Melody gaped, incredulous. “Oh … my … God!” she yelled, pulling her best friend into a tight hug. “That’s incredible, Yaeko!”
~~*~~
She woke early, as she always did when spending the night at Yaeko’s. She dressed quietly, trying not to wake her, but Yaeko stirred anyway. They had stayed up extra late, well past the hour Elizabeth wished, with Melody mending broken pencils (both had great fun snapping through a whole package of them found in Yaeko’s top desk drawer) and floating dessert plates and CDs and even Yaeko’s long hair, to both girls’ uproarious laughter (laughter they had to mute into their pillows in order not to wake Yaeko’s guardian). Yaeko took a few more opportunities to wiggle her toes and to talk about the first night when she saw it happen (the very first night after they had met—and after she had first visited the fantastic Pier to Forever, though she didn’t share that last crucial bit with Melody).
Yaeko looked up from her pillow in the half light of early morning, her eyes small diagonal slits, barely open. “Come over after you get out of school, okay?” she murmured sleepily.
“We should see a movie this weekend or something.”
“Yes. I’d like that,” said Yaeko following a wide yawn.
“’Bye, Yaeko ...”
“Don’t worry, Melody. He’ll be back.”
Elizabeth was waiting in the kitchen, standing in her long pink bathrobe. She handed Melody two large oranges for breakfast, and then ushered her out into the cool, damp air with a kiss on her forehead. 
Elizabeth Finnegan’s home, on Emory Street, was just three blocks from Edgemont Street, where Melody lived. Shr crossed Evergreen Street, a block from home, walking quickly, her head down, dreading the day to come. Like yesterday, she uttered silent, desperate prayers for Mr. Conor’s return. She looked up, staring slightly ahead of her feet—and stopped cold.
On the sidewalk just five feet in front of her was a dead seagull. Its eyes were gone, its face and neck covered grotesquely in maggots, its beak open and slack. Numerous bloody injuries peppered its carcass, as though something had stabbed it repeatedly. Much of its downy white-and-gray plumage was clotted purple and black, and—
Her heart jumped into her throat.
Part of the seagull’s chest had prominent black markings—a wicked-looking broadsword thrust down through the center of a flaming ring; and its feet … had menacing silver talons. Talons tipped with clotted purple blood. She took two instinctive steps backward, the sudden surge of adrenaline like ice in her veins, her hand over her mouth. Just beneath the gull’s chest markings was its abdomen. It had been brutally ripped open, as though gutted with a rusty fishing knife. The bird’s innards had spilled over the white cement: slippery yellowish things … things like … like tentacles or something—not intestines—things with sharp, evil … hooks on them, like barbs or fangs….
Melody stared and could not look away. She knew she was looking at one of the seagulls that attacked Mr. Conor Saturday night, but also knew that this wasn’t really a seagull, there was no way…. No, this was some sort of freakish mutation, an imitation, a fraud.
She backed up, transfixed. A second later she bolted across the street for home, running as fast as she could the remaining block and a half, where she roused her mom and dragged her back to the carcass.
“You get back home and get dressed for school,” ordered her mother after a long moment studying the dead seagull at her feet. “I think you’re right, Bug: this is one of the attacking birds. Remember how the terns pecked at them? I’m going to walk to the sheriff’s office next to the Pier and bring them back. At minimum the biologists at Sea World will want to study this.” She glanced at her. “Go on, now, or you’ll be late for school.”
Melody rushed home, scampered hurriedly into the shower. She dressed with great haste and without concern for style or appearance—again; she grabbed her backpack and bolted out the front door. She jogged most of the way to Imperial Beach Middle School, her mind tossing and turning, anchorless. There was simply too much to think about, from the new, frightening aecxis to Yaeko’s impossibly wiggling toes to Mr. Conor’s health to the seagull attack to the dead gull on the sidewalk…. She whimpered with dismay when she saw that Mr. Conor’s desk still lacked any sign of recent activity (Mrs. Lilywhite wasn’t in the math seminar, thankfully); she burst into her first period Spanish class with barely a minute to go before the tardy bell.
“Buenos dias, chica,” greeted Ms. Dinges. “Any word on our good Mr. Conor?”
“No …” said Melody, crestfallen. She sighed, frustrated, lowering her chin to her Spanish for Beginners textbook, which she had plopped loudly onto her desk after yanking it angrily from her backpack.
And then, fifty-eight minutes later ...
“These quiz results are the worst I’ve seen in nearly thirty years of public school teaching,” declared Supreme Horrible Dictator For Life Mrs. Lilywhite with a stridently condescending tone as she called up students one by one to the overhead projector, where she handed them back.
“Singleton!”
Melody rose glumly and collected her quiz, avoiding Mrs. Lilywhite’s reproving eyes. Dreading to look, but knowing she had to, she glanced at the paper. The five questions she hadn’t answered—couldn’t answer in the half hour given to her—were, predictably enough, marked in bright red pen. The other twenty-five she had answered were untouched. But the inch-wide burn mark centered on the page had been circled three times in the same red pen with a “-20” next to it; below that was scrawled “NEATNESS COUNTS!!!” Her score was sixty-three percent, a D-minus, which was marked prominently in a four-inch-tall letter in the upper left corner of her paper. She stared at her quiz: the burn mark had cost her two letter grades. She had never scored lower than a B on a math quiz—or a math anything for that matter. The red-and-black aecxis flashed into existence just then, and she screwed her eyes shut, gritting her teeth. She was afraid the quiz would burst into flames.
She heard: “The class average for this assessment is twenty-six percent. Twenty-six percent. This is so shameful that I am truly speechless. Clearly you are not learning geometry in here. The question is—what are you learning? To build cute little houses out of tongue depressors and toothpicks and construction paper? No, no, no, ladies and gentlemen—no. Geometry, as your pathetic quiz results are testament to, is not a touchy-feely subject, but a real discipline!”
The room was silent as a mausoleum.
The aecxis in Melody’s mind abruptly disappeared. She cautiously opened her eyes.
Tommy Heffledorf stood in the front corner near the door, his meaty arms crossed over his swollen stomach, looking very pleased with the goings-on. Melody closed her eyes again …
Mrs. Lilywhite bellowed, “Take out two sheets of LINED notebook paper and a NUMBER TWO PENCIL!”
The quiz today was twice as difficult as yesterday’s. Not because the questions were tougher—they weren’t. The quiz was much more difficult because Melody had to keep shutting her eyes: the angry aecxis kept reappearing in her vision. (It didn’t help that she kept picturing a dead, mutilated seagull—or whatever it was; and wanting to think of it and a hundred other things, too.) Because of that, she could only complete eighteen of the problems. Eighteen of thirty: sixty percent. A near-failing mark—assuming, of course, that Lilywhite didn’t find an atom of graphite in the wrong place—and Melody knew she’d be looking—or that the lines on the page were regulation width, not a ten-thousandth of an inch too wide, or—
“Gimme your paper, Spaz. Quiz time is over.”
She blinked her eyes open. Tommy Heffledorf stood above her, his porky hand reaching for her paper. He grabbed it, wadding it up before slapping it unceremoniously atop the stack of quizzes he’d already collected. He sneered down at her, past his triple chins, his piggy little eyes almost lost behind his bloated, ruddy cheeks.
The wadding of her paper would surely cost her points. It would be her first failing grade, an F …
The aecxis angrily reappeared, twisting, flaring, demanding her attention. She screwed her eyes shut, grimacing with effort. Accept, accept, accept! … Please—just go away, please…. Accept, accept, accept …
Mrs. Lilywhite was lecturing the class about proper dress and behavior between long, monotonous proofs on similar triangles, her voice like a rusty cheese grater rubbing up and down against her prefrontal cortex. She barely cracked open her eyes … she squinted … she looked at the photo of the Pier and the graph of the sine curve next to it, blurred by the thin, quivering veil of her eyelashes…. She focused on the Pier … the red-and-black aecxis seemed to hover just above it, harmlessly...?
And then she realized both the photograph and the graph were taped to a brick wall.
A brick wall … 
A brick wall won’t burn!
She tore her focus from the photograph, which appeared to be warping ever so slowly, as if being held just over the tip of a candle flame, to the brick above it—
Lilywhite was screaming at somebody in the back, slamming her ruler into the blackboard for emphasis—
The aecxis spun into a blur, taking up more and more of Melody’s vision—
She tried to relax. It’ll be okay … the brick won’t burn … let it go …
Let—
it—
GO!
—She blinked her eyes open completely—
Like one of hell’s angels suddenly unchained, the aecxis flew wildly away, disappearing into the wall just above the photograph.
The explosion sounded like a shotgun blast heard from three feet away. Before she could cover her head Melody felt several sharp stings on her cheeks; her forehead burned; red brick dust was suddenly everywhere—in her hair, in her eyes, up her nose, coating her head and neck. She couldn’t breathe. The class screamed—Lilywhite shouted, “WHAT IN HANNAH’S NAME—?”—and then: “GET OUT! EVERYBODY OUT! THIS IS AN EMERGENCY! HURRY UP, HURRY UP!” In terror Tommy Heffledorf tossed the collected quizzes into the air, barreling over shrieking students on his way out the classroom … The school’s fire alarm blared, a deafening monotone RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! ...
Above the photo of the Pier was a half-foot-wide hole that went clear through to the classroom on the other side. Kids screamed and cried in that room as well as they hurried out of it.



Chapter 15
Red and Black
Melody gingerly fingered her face—the half dozen or so spots where exploding brick had cut her and were now bandaged over. She touched her eyebrows. They’d been singed in the explosion. They now felt crinkly—and much shorter.
Her neck felt prickly and hot—not because of the explosion, but from what she was being subjected to now.
She was sitting in a conference room next to the principal’s office, listening to Mrs. Lilywhite, who stood right behind her. Melody’s head was bent, her eyes closed, trying to shut out the oppressive reality settling like cold glue over her.
Mrs. Lilywhite was speaking.
“... She was lighting matches in class the day before; I smelled it clearly. The little pyro burned her own quiz—I have witnesses! I showed it to the other math faculty! So there’s no squirreling out of that! Ask her, go on, ask her!”
Donald Jefferson glanced at Melody with soft, concerned eyes.
“Melody,” he asked gently, “were you lighting matches in class the other day?”
She whispered: “No.”
“She’s lying,” snarled Mrs. Lilywhite. And before Mr. Jefferson could get a word in edgewise, she loudly ordered: “Get yesterday’s quiz out of your backpack, Miss Singleton. Immediately.”
“I don’t have it,” replied Melody, her eyes still closed.
“And where IS it?” the fat teacher half bellowed behind her. “The proverbial dog ate it, I suppose?”
“I ... threw it away.”
“Of COURSE you did! Of course! Getting rid of evidence! And a clear violation of math department policy: ‘Students are to maintain a complete portfolio of their work, subject to assessment and review on a periodic basis.’ That by itself should merit suspension! Now we can add pyromania to the list as well!”
“Mrs. Lilywhite, please ...” sighed Mr. Jefferson. 
“ ‘Please’ yourself, Donald,” retorted Mrs. Lilywhite. “The bottom line is this: Miss Singleton here was the only one who could have caused the explosion.”
Melody didn’t have to look back to know Lilywhite had her fists on her hips, her flabby chins trembling righteously, her eyes full of uppity condemnation.
“But … why?” implored Mr. Jefferson, who looked her before staring back at Mrs. Lilywhite. “She’s the one who took the brunt of the blast! It’s lucky she’s not in emergency surgery right now! If she planted some sort of explosive device—and how she could’ve done that without it being seen is another discussion entirely—then wouldn’t it make sense for her to get away from her handiwork, and as quickly as possible? Look at her, for goodness’ sake! Why would Melody choose to stay sitting there if—”
“I SAW HER STANDING THERE—STANDING RIGHT THERE, RIGHT WHERE THE EXPLOSION OCCURRED—JUST YESTERDAY!”
Mr. Jefferson shrugged helplessly to the fleshy mountain behind her, as if finally recognizing the futility of attempting to communicate with it. He brought his attention back to her and asked softly, “Is this true, Melody?”
Mrs. Lilywhite grunted, as if asking anything of her was a monumental waste of time.
Melody, whose eyes were still tightly shut, said very quietly, “Yes, but I was looking at the photo of the Pier, not planting expl—”
“Posh.” Mrs. Lilywhite shifted behind her.
Mr. Jefferson: “Mrs. Lilywhite, may I remind you that you’ve already been reprimanded once for not maintaining a professional standard of conduct in front of this very stu—”
“DON’T USE THAT TONE WITH ME, DON. I WILL HAVE YOU KNOW I AM CONTESTING THAT REPRIMAND. THE UNION WILL HAVE IT EXPUNGED FROM MY FILE, AND I WILL BE FILING A COUNTERGRIEVANCE AGAINST YOU! I WILL NOT STAND HERE AND BE HUM—”
“Doreen.”
Mrs. Lilywhite halted her bellowing. Principal Mayfield looked up at her briefly before bringing her attention back to the folder in her grasp.
Marion Mayfield, principal of Imperial Beach Middle School, hadn’t spoken once since walking into the conference room. She had sat at the head of the long table, and without a word began quietly leafing through several files she’d brought with her. Melody thought she saw her name on the tab of one of them. Melody rarely saw Principal Mayfield; when she did she couldn’t help thinking of a bulldog dressed in drag. Now that bulldog eyed her.
“Miss Singleton. Your mother … what does she do?”
There was a momentary silence. Melody didn’t lift her chin or open her eyes. “She’s an occupational therapist.” Her voice was barely a whisper. Mr. Jefferson repeated her response to the principal, who apparently didn’t hear it.
“Difficult to make a good living here in IB doing such work, is that true?”
Melody didn’t respond.
“Is she working now?”
“I called her,” said Melody to her knees. “She’s on her way here.”
“No matter,” said Mrs. Mayfield, smartly closing the folder in her grasp. “Pending an investigation, and beginning next Monday—I’m sorry, Doreen, but we have to obey due process here—you are under a five-day suspension, Miss Singleton, until such time as the investigation yields results that call for expulsion hearings. You are being suspended for suspicion of bringing explosives into a public school. Do you understand?”
Melody scrunched her eyes closed even tighter, clenching her fists over her knees.
“MELODY SINGLETON, DO YOU UNDERSTAND?”
Mrs. Lilywhite had bellowed so loudly that both Mr. Jefferson and Mrs. Mayfield jumped in their seats. Melody didn’t flinch. Presently, however, she nodded, scarcely moving her head. She sniffled.
“For the record, Marion, let me state that I consider it patently unfair that we didn’t at least wait until Melody’s mother showed up to pronounce her guilty—”
“We have done no such thing, Don,” interrupted the principal. “There were seven students injured in the explosion, including three from the next classroom over. One is in the emergency room right now with brick dust lodged in her eye. It’s a true miracle there weren’t more, and with far more serious injuries. The school’s entire schedule has been thrown off. That little stunt cost us three hours, a visit by the bomb squad, and I don’t even want to guess at how much negative publicity. Channel 38 is slated to show up in that very class the day after tomorrow to interview one of this child’s classmates! I’m allowing Miss Singleton to finish out this week—that’s concession enough—and if at the end of this week the police conclusively show she wasn’t involved, the suspension will of course be lifted. I don’t have time to wait for one parent when I’ve got half a dozen waiting in my office right now, including Thomas Heffledorf, whose importance to this community cannot be overstated.”
Melody involuntarily pictured the man named Thomas Heffledorf, Senior. Thomas Heffledorf, Sr., owner of Pacific Grande Realty and the wealthiest man in Imperial Beach; Thomas Heffledorf, Sr., who owned a tremendous, gaudy, pink-and-yellow mansion on the beach, just a couple of hundred feet from the Pier; Thomas Heffledorf, Sr., whose money and power had cowed Imperial Beach’s city council into a permanent, salivating silence; Thomas Heffledorf, Sr., who enjoyed cruising up and down Seacoast Drive in fancy sports cars and Rolls Royces; Thomas Heffledorf, Sr., who was the local paper’s lone editorialist, and who wrote nothing but encomia for extreme right-wing causes and beliefs; Thomas Heffledorf, Sr., who, like his son, bullied all those less fortunate than him—and who took great delight in it. The same senior Thomas Heffledorf who along with his wife Mabel, Melody’s mother had nicknamed “Humpty and Dumpty.” And just where is Momma anyway? Melody was grateful for the mental diversion: the impatiently twisting, spinning, red-and-black aecxis had gone away. She dared open her eyes—the aecxis didn’t return—but then, incredibly, impossibly, belligerently, heard herself growl:  
“If that fat slug Tommy Heffledorf were sitting here, you’d’ve waited until icebergs floated ashore next to the Pier just so Daddy Humpty could have time to waddle by his side.”
The silence immediately following stretched endlessly and was as sharp as a surgeon’s scalpel.
Just as unlikely, she lifted her chin, opened her eyes, and stared defiantly into the eyes of the principal, a brusque woman whose jutting chin and dark eyes jutted and darkened even more. The adrenaline in Melody’s veins felt like an acetylene torch. It was chewing deep hot furrows into her courage; but somehow she felt herself staring even harder, as though she was under remote control, the mysterious operator unseen and malevolent.
“What did you just say to me, young lady?” the principal demanded, leaning forward.
“You heard me.”
It was her mouth forming the words, her lips moving! —but it felt as though something had taken command of her deepest thoughts and sent them boiling to the surface, to come spilling out of her face. She felt like an observer, watching helplessly, unable to stop any of it.
“IN-SU-BOR-DIN-A-TION! WELL, I HAVE NEVER, IN THIRTY-FIVE YEARS’ TEACHING—”
“Oh please. Just zip it for once, you miserable musk ox.”
It wasn’t her voice that just said that—thank God! —but a very familiar, very welcome one. Melody twisted about in her seat—
Her mother stood in the conference room’s doorway. Maggie’s eyes were fierce, as fierce as Melody had ever seen them. Eyes that pinned the behemoth math teacher to the back wall of the room like a moth to corkboard.
Melody rushed to her feet and into her arms. Mrs. Lilywhite was slowly turning; she seemed to be gathering another bellowing response as she did, her outraged face reddening like a tomato threatening to burst …
“I said shut it.”
Maggie’s voice was still calm but slightly louder; it was the voice that always automatically stiffened Melody’s spine, the voice that involuntarily made her think, Uh-oh. I’m in big trouble now. A voice now directed over her shoulder, thankfully, and not at her. The voice said, “And you, Marion. Sit down. Sit—down. Remember me? No? School board meeting last year? No? Do you really want to face me at yet another meeting, this one to discuss your blatant favoritism and total, perhaps willful ignorance of district disciplinary policy? No? Don’t remember how I made you look damn silly in front of the board and about a hundred parents last November over censoring textbooks that held evolution as a fact? Ah. I see the ol’ memory’s coming back. Wonderful. Now have a seat and shut up.”
A very slight smile had formed on Mr. Jefferson’s lips. He may have even nodded a tiny bit.
Marion Mayfield’s bulldog face drew back slightly in fear, her jowls wriggling uncertainly. The manila folders before her no longer appeared as weapons, but protective barriers. Both she and Mrs. Lilywhite stared at Melody’s mother in surprised, if not angered, if not guilty, silence.
Melody couldn’t suppress the tears. Her mom lifted her wet chin and looked into her red eyes. “My, girl, you look like you’ve had a very scary day! How are you feeling? It’s a miracle you weren’t hurt. How’s your face? Wanna go home?”
Melody went to nod very enthusiastically—but then, again, to her horror found herself under that same remote control. She was ... shaking her head—! Her traitorous voice said, “No. I want to stay. I refuse to let them win.”
There was a glimmer of something new in her mother’s eyes in that instant, something she had never seen before. With her mom’s expression of surprise came … respect? But she thought that silly: her mother had always respected her. So what was it? Whatever it was, it made her feel empowered and the equal of anybody in that room. Her mom studied her face, ran her fingers through her hair. “Are you sure?”
Melody nodded, the malevolent puppetmaster moving her head up and down.
“I’ll write you a pass, Melody,” said Mr. Jefferson behind her, looking at Marion Mayfield with his own quick glance of defiance. “It’s just starting third period now—even though it’s supposed to be lunchtime....” He spoke as he wrote. “You’ll be going to the small gym for swimming class. Mr. Michaels will be waiting for you there.”
Melody turned and walked to the conference table. “Thank you,” she said, sniffling. She collected the pass and made directly back for her mother, avoiding Mrs. Lilywhite’s white-hot glare.
At the door, her mom kissed her forehead. “We’ll talk later. Go on, get going. I’ll see you at home.” Then she added most ominously, “In the meantime, I have matters to discuss here....”
Melody watched as her mom closed the conference door. The sound was unmistakably like that of a coffin lid clicking shut.
~~*~~
She sped to her swimming class; and instead of putting on her swimsuit, changed quickly into her gym shorts. She knew the pool was still broken, and so, after slamming her gym locker closed, hurried into the small gymnasium where the rest of the class stood in two rows as attendance was being taken. Her spot was in the front row, near its right end, not nearly far enough away from Tommy Heffledorf, who yelled as she ran in front of him into line, “What! What are you still doing here, freak? Why haven’t you been kicked out? Look at her face—what a freak!”
Mr. Michaels glanced up from his clipboard. “Mr. Heffledorf, that’s enough. I’m still taking roll—so put a sock in it.”
The fat bully had aroused laughter with his taunting and pointing. Mr. Michaels stared at him for another couple of seconds, daring him to continue. Tommy Heffledorf fell silent, though a smirk remained on his porky face.
Mr. Michaels went back to his roll call. “Melody, good to see you …” He scratched a quick mark on the yellow roll sheet on his clipboard after collecting her pass, and looked at her. “Feel up to participating today?”
Melody nodded, once again under the control of some remote, unseen force. Participating was the last thing she wanted to do.
Her teacher smiled briefly in return before turning his attention back to the clipboard. He made more marks on the yellow sheet, then suddenly held up his pencil in frustration, inspecting it. “Dang it—”
The lead hung from the pencil at an odd angle, broken. He patted around his gym shorts with both hands, ostensibly seeking another writing utensil inside the pockets. When none came available he made for the P.E. office, saying over his shoulder, “Stay put, people. Be right back—”
The door to the office had just swung shut when Melody felt a violent downward tug at her waist. The cool breath of a revealing breeze instantly caressed her upper thighs and backside.
Tommy Heffledorf had yanked her gym shorts down around her ankles. Now he stood back and howled with the rest of the class. Melody bent, pulled them up a half second later … a half second too late.
“Ooooh! Pink with little flowers!” he roared with laughter. “How cute! What, are you in first grade or somethin’?”
Several of the girls tittered and whispered to each other; some of the quieter, shyer ones whipped about, stepping out of line and away from Heffledorf and his gang, two of whom were trying to de-pants other girls.
The red-and-black aecxis burst back into Melody’s vision with a vengeance. She fought the overwhelming urge to cry, to run away in shame, to sprint directly back into her mother’s arms and happily declare her courage a laughable fraud.
Heffledorf boomed, “What, is Little First Grade Pinkie Panties gonna cry now?”
“What are you doing out of line!”
Mr. Michaels had emerged from the P.E. office, a freshly sharpened pencil in his grasp, his face furious. “Get back in line, or it’s laps for everyone!”
The class shushed and scuttled back into rows; but before he resumed his roll call, this time glaring at each student as he yelled his or her name, Melody heard Heffledorf’s voice, barely above a whisper: “Spaz Pinkie Panties.”
The kids next to her and behind her had heard it too. They suppressed barely controlled snickers, some of which came out anyway.
Melody screwed her eyes closed as tightly as she could, her chin down, the aecxis like a furious changeling in her mind’s eye, stiffening black and flashing brilliantly, like strobe flashes from a camera. She was sure that if she didn’t open her eyes, and soon, she’d go blind. 
Mr. Michaels: “Mr. Heffledorf, that’s ten points from your participation grade for that remark.”
The aecxis disappeared.
“But I didn’t say anything!” came his protesting voice behind her. “I was just standin’ here!”
“Want to make it twenty?”
Five seconds of tense silence. Then: “Melody, are you all right?”
She opened her eyes as quickly and as widely as she dared. Mr. Michaels was staring right at her.
She nodded jerkily. Her face burned with embarrassment, the cuts on it feeling as though hot needles were being thrust through them.
He held his gaze on her for a second longer, looked away, then clapped his hands. “Okay, people, dodgeball today! We’ve already picked sides; Melody, you’re on the blue team. Jersey tanks are in the corner, in the bin. Reds, go get yours now. Blues, stay here!”
The line behind her, which included Heffledorf, went to fetch their red tanks, returning seconds later.
“Blues, go get your tanks!”
She was used to this drill—and sick of it. She loved swimming. She hated dodgeball. The bruise Tommy Heffledorf had inflicted on her just yesterday—a bruise received after a game of dodgeball—was still there, on the back of her left leg. She gathered an oversized blue jersey tank and pulled it over her head as she hurried back to the front line.
Her teacher blew into the whistle hanging from his neck. “Blues, this wall—” he pointed to his right—“reds, the far wall! Hustle, people!” He puffed into his whistle again.
The lines fell apart, moving to opposite walls. Mr. Michaels placed the black, rubbery dodgeballs down the center of the gymnasium, maybe twenty in all. The balls were slightly smaller than basketballs and much easier to grip; and if thrown with enough velocity, carried a nasty sting when they struck bare flesh. Melody thought of her bare legs again, of her bruise. She hated this game.
She reluctantly half walked, half jogged until she was under the basketball hoop, her teammates on both sides of her. She glanced across the gym—and shook her head with dismay. Somehow—and of course—Tommy Heffledorf and all four members of his vile gang were on the red team. They were huddled together as she watched, whispering and laughing and looking right at her.
Mr. Michaels, now standing off to the side at center court, sounded his whistle one more time, and the game was on.
There was an instantaneous mad rush by both teams as they converged to grab the dodgeballs at center court, with the red team gathering the lion’s share of them. Melody made no effort to run to the balls, but hung back, watching …
… watching in horror as several red team members not in Heffledorf’s gang tossed them all the balls that came their way. The five boys, some with three balls each, advanced menacingly up to the dividing centerline at half court, sneering malevolently at her.
“FIRE!” thundered Tommy Heffledorf with unbridled glee.
It didn’t matter that blue team members were throwing balls at—and hitting—Heffledorf’s gang, putting them out of the game according to the rules: in fact, the balls that struck them they merely added to their arsenal. It didn’t matter—and neither, very apparently, did the rules. The boys, Heffledorf too, were winding up, were throwing in unison—at her. Melody heard the piercing shriek of Mr. Michael’s whistle ... it was out there somewhere, very distant—
The first ball came out of nowhere and slammed into her forehead, knocking her backward. The pain was blinding. A hail of balls struck her in the very next instant, on her bare arms and legs, on her back. It felt like starbursts of razor cuts exploding on the exposed parts of her person. She fell, covering her face, curling into a ball, tears welling up involuntarily. Somewhere in the great distance she could hear raucous laughter and Mr. Michaels yelling over it. A girl, a red-team member, was trying to help her up, was apologizing, was calling Heffledorf “jerk” and “fat bully” …
... Mr. Michaels was jogging towards her as if in slow motion …
The aecxis blinked into existence like a blood-red demon out of hell. With the help of the red-team girl, Melody stood, half blinded by tears. Without thinking, she glanced at a ball at her feet. The aecxis, as if waiting for just this action, disappeared into it with great haste. She opened her palm towards the ball and felt absolutely no surprise when it floated up from the floor and into her waiting grasp. Somewhere behind her, in a different reality, she heard the red-team girl gasp, “Wow! How did you just do that?”
But she wasn’t listening. She had spied Heffledorf, who was standing against the far wall with his friends; they were laughing and high-fiving each other …
She cocked her arm behind her head, aimed, and threw the dodgeball as hard as she could at him.
The ball left her hand as though fired from a cannon. There was no arc to its streaking flight, for an arc was ludicrously unnecessary. The distance it had to travel, perhaps a hundred feet total, speed-compressed into a handful of contemptible millimeters. It had instantaneously acquired a terrible velocity, a black rubber photon of utter hate, blasting into the fat smirking skull of Tommy Heffledorf less than a tenth of a second later. He never saw it coming. The dodgeball exploded on impact with a hair-raising —POW!— eliciting screams from the entire class. Heffledorf was lifted clean off his feet, crashing head-first into the hard cinderblock wall ten feet behind him. He was unconscious before he even struck the gymnasium floor.
~~*~~
“Donald, come on! Don’t you remember when I bought those dodgeballs, how we laughed at the claim the manufacturer made—‘Tested safe at 250 miles per hour’? How we stuck a few in the football machine last summer and cranked it all the way up and shot them into the handball courts just for kicks? Good God! You and I both know the greatest major league baseball pitcher can barely get their best fastballs—and we’re talkin’ baseballs here—over a hundred miles per hour....”
Mr. Michaels sat across from the vice principal, who sighed, reached in his top desk drawer for Rolaids, popped two in his mouth, and then grumbled:
“You know I don’t believe Melody could’ve thrown that damn dodgeball that fast.”
“Then why the hell did you send her home?”
“Criminy—after the day she’s had? Are you serious? First that explosion in Conor’s classroom—the explosion she was sitting right in front of; then having Mrs. Lilywhite accuse her, not just of planting the explosives that caused it, but also of being a math-department-violating pyromaniac; then facing the principal, who was practically drooling at the chance to suspend—and possibly expel her for that explosion—you know, the one she was sitting right in front of; then getting pummeled by Tommy Heffledorf and his gang during your gym class; then the dodgeball Heffledorf was apparently handling exploding in his face, only to have his gang and several others from that class try to pin that on her too! She doesn’t deserve a day off, she deserves an all-expenses paid trip to Jamaica, for Christ’s sake!”
“There’s more,” said Mr. Michaels.
“Come again?”
“A few of the girls say he yanked down her gym shorts while I was in the office hunting for a new pencil during roll call.”
“Who? Heffledorf?” demanded Mr. Jefferson, his gaze hardening.
Mr. Michaels nodded.
“That’s an automatic three-day suspension, Jim, to go along with the referral you wrote on him for ganging up on her. I could bump that suspension to five days or more. Would love to. Bullying is a serious thing. When Melody checks in for class tomorrow, write her a pass to come see me right away. If she verifies that, I’m gonna eat that boy for lunch.”
“And risk the anger of both Doreen Lilywhite and Marion Mayfield?”
Mr. Jefferson laughed. “He’s Lilywhite’s pet all right, and his old man is Mayfield’s sugardaddy. He walks on water. I look forward to dropping a few bags of ballast on those portly shoulders, to be honest.”
“Daddy Heffledorf has tossed some cash at this school, hasn’t he?” said Mr. Michaels matter-of-factly, leaning back and propping his feet on the corner of the desk. “Guess that makes the kid hands off.”
“The hell it does.”
“Guess that’s what happens when you get half a million dollars from someone. Mayfield sold her soul to the Devil.”
“We built the small gymnasium with that cash.”
Mr. Michaels laughed. “Well, then, Daddy Heffledorf saved some money.”
“How do you figure?”
“The small gym’s floor is padded. State of the art, too. Probably saved Mister Thomas Heffledorf, Jr., a third concussion after his head smacked it—and Daddy the medical bills to boot.”
Mr. Jefferson sat back in his chair, listening to it creak. He rubbed his chin and said: “Best send those dodgeballs back to the manufacturer, Jim. The warranty’s still good on ‘em, right?”
“I think so,” muttered Mr. Michaels, “but c’mon, Donald! This is ridiculous! We both know that brat was probably poking one with a pin or knife or—or whatever—and it went boom on him—and deservedly so! I’m sure those balls are just fine.”
“You forget,” said the vice principal, “that we are speaking different languages here. You’re speaking Common Sense; I’m speaking Educationese. Your language implies doing the right thing, and practically, with some consideration towards balance, prudence, and economy. Mine, on the other hand, is based on irrationality, touchy-feely diabetic generalities, political correctness raised to a fetish, and really bad research done by Xanax happies wearing Birkenstocks and listening to Celine Dion. You are powerless against it. Bow to my will.”
The aquatics instructor laughed.
“Okay, okay. I’ll box ‘em back up and have ‘em shipped tomorrow after school, Master.”
“Thanks, Grasshopper.”
“I’m curious. What’s Lilywhite’s beef with Melody anyway?”
“I don’t know,” sighed Mr. Jefferson, shaking his head. “I wrote Doreen up for inappropriate conduct during a recent meeting with Melody; I think that’s definitely part of it. She was really steamed. Still is.”
“Any idea why Heffledorf has singled her out for bullying?”
“He’s done it before, with others. Gets his kicks that way. Likes the quiet, studious ones. Remember Monica Wilson?”
“Pretty blonde? Sixth grade? Last year?”
“Yeah.” Mr. Jefferson’s face had become very somber.
“And…?”
“We could never prove it, but we think ol’ Tommy and his gang assaulted her last summer on the beach—as in sexually. I’ve tried to bust him numerous times for his many misdeeds, but his old man really wields a lot of clout around here—as you’ve seen. He’s the godfather of Imperial Beach’s real estate mafia. And no one messes around with the don’s roly-poly boy.”
“Lord. What happened to poor Monica?”
“Moved to Chula Vista. Parents are homeschooling her now. Unfortunately it looks like Tommy Heffledorf has picked a new victim.”
“Anything we can do about it?”
Mr. Jefferson sat up, propped his elbows on his desk. “Well, that suspension might send the right message, especially if I make it five days—along with a couple weeks’ worth of detentions for bullying, along with perhaps a few well-chosen words with him and Daddy Real Estate Railroad right here in this office.”
“That ought to really chap ol’ Marion’s behind, don’t you think?”
Mr. Jefferson chuckled. “Just between you and me, Jim, I couldn’t give a damn. She loves spouting the rules; let’s see what happens when one of her pets has those rules slapped on him for once.”
“Think she’ll overturn your suspension?”
“She can’t. Yanking down the shorts of a female student is cut and dried, as opposed to speculating wildly that Melody planted explosives just so she could sit stupidly in front of them.”
“What the hell caused that explosion anyway?”
“No idea. We do know it wasn’t chemical explosives of any kind. But what the hell it could’ve been is totally beyond us at this point. I’ll let you know if we ever find out. Don’t hold your breath, though.”
There was a long moment of silence. Then Mr. Michaels said, “Half a dozen kids claimed they saw Melody throw the ball that knocked Heffledorf out. One even said she saw it float up from the ground into her open palm, like magic or something. I know, I know: ridiculous. I was running to help her but got sidetracked when a dozen or so kids started chucking more balls at each other. I turned away for half a click, and then BOOM! —and there was Heffledorf in a heap, out like a lamp.”
The vice principal shrugged. “You know teenagers, they’re prone to say just about anything. Sure, she might’ve thrown a ball at that jerk, sure! And I wouldn’t have blamed her! If she did, it just happened to coincide exactly with the exploding ball in his meaty little paws. Ask those six kids what happened, you’ll get six different stories. And all of them will contradict each other.”
They lapsed into more silence. Then Mr. Jefferson smiled to himself. “She’s such a great kid, Jim….” he said, noting the curious glance of the aquatics teacher.
“I honestly haven’t taken the time to get to know her. I should. I’m always putting out fires, it seems, from the troublemakers and lawbreakers, and not giving enough attention to the truly great ones.”
“Get to know her. You’ll not regret it. She’s quiet, intense, sweet, and very, very bright. Probably brighter than Marion and Doreen’s chunky pet, truth be told—even though they believe him to be the Second Coming of Einstein. Melody just doesn’t flaunt it like he does.”
“Consider it done,” said Mr. Michaels. Then he chuckled. “I heard all hell broke loose when Thomas the senior showed up.”
“Something like that. He’d already been waiting in Marion’s office with a bunch of other parents for over an hour. Before he’d even left the building, his son was being carted out on a stretcher.”
“Good Lord.”
“Yeah.”
“He came back an hour later from the emergency room and raised holy hell. I mean, I had this door closed and I could still hear him plainly. And Marion’s door was closed too.”
“Sucks to be her …”
“I tell ya’, I watched Melody’s mother chew on some filet o’ principal’s butt earlier—and I’d take booming, bellowing Thomas Heffledorf any day over calm, controlled Maggie Singleton. When she finished with Doreen Lilywhite, I thought that old windbag was gonna cry. Then she started on Marion. What’s funny is Maggie Singleton didn’t raise her voice once. It was impressive.”
“Maybe that’s where her daughter gets that intensity you mentioned a second ago.”
“Maybe,” said Don Jefferson. “I can see why Aedan Conor thinks so highly of her.”
~~*~~
“I can’t control the aecxis, Yaeko. Not when I get angry. It’s like … it’s like it has a mind of its own.”
Melody had told Yaeko about the day’s events. Yaeko, wide-eyed and slack-jawed, had stared back at her as she spoke; occasionally, just like the night before, she whispered, “Wow …” or “Serious…?”
Melody’s face had startled her when she came by after school; the bandages covered only the worst of the scratches and bruises and none of the embarrassment and shame. They disappeared into Mrs. Finnegan’s study immediately after dinner, closing the door behind them. They faced each other now over a chessboard and an ongoing game. Classical music played in the background, the violin in the concerto lulling Melody’s mind inch by traumatized inch away from her woes and the game itself. Yaeko, with her help, had abandoned her wheelchair and sat in a high-backed leather chair the same as Melody’s. Melody was told by her mom that she could have dinner with Yaeko and visit for a while, but that she would be expected home early this evening. Her mom had also told her she could take the next day off from school, a reprieve that brightened her mood most considerably.
The chessboard was beautiful. The pieces were in green onyx and gold (Melody’s) or black onyx and silver (Yaeko’s). The girls were very evenly matched: both had traded bishops, two pawns, and a rook each.
Yaeko, looking up from the game, studied her disconcerted friend. “The aecxis must contain enormous power, Melody….”
“Tell me about it! It scares me to death to think what else it might do! Oh!—speaking of scary ...” And then she told Yaeko about the dead seagull on the sidewalk. She didn’t notice Yaeko’s sharp intake of air when she described the symbol on the bird’s chest—a broadsword thrust down through a flaming ring—only her nose as it wrinkled over the more gory details.
“That couldn’t have been a real seagull,” Yaeko agreed somewhat blankly, lost in thought. “I wonder what it was …”
“I don’t know. But it was willing to die to get at Mr. Conor.”
“Wow.”
“Yeah.”
A moment of silence. Yaeko seemed very deep in thought. Then she asked:
“You said a minute ago that you couldn’t control what you were saying to the principal during the meeting. Do you think the aecxis had something to do with that too?”
“Yeah, I think so. It’s like … it’s like it just won’t go away. I can only keep it down so long, and then it just … erupts.”
“Erupts?”
“Yeah. That’s what it feels like anyway. I mean, I really wanted to tell Lilywhite off, the principal too—but you know me, Yaeko! I would never say those things to them, no matter what I felt! But somehow they came out of me anyway!”
A grin formed on Yaeko’s face. “I would’ve paid real money to see you throw that ball at that fat jerk … to watch it hit him … then explode—pow!”
Despite her anguish, Melody grinned too. “Yeah,” she said, “it felt really good. Almost indecently so. So good I wanted to do it again and again … and again. I bet I could’ve too.”
“I would’ve helped you if I could,” said Yaeko.
Melody smiled. 
The beautiful flowing music playing in the background finally captured her attention. She fell into it, her gaze softening, her troubles fading away inside its triumphant splendor. After a time she said dreamily, “The violin in this concerto is so beautiful. It sounds just like you, Yaeko.”
Yaeko looked down, nodding very slightly. She studied the chessboard for a moment. And then she dropped a bombshell.
“That’s because it is me.”
It took a moment for that to register. Yaeko glanced up unsurely. Melody stared deeply into her friend’s black eyes, her jaw dropping slowly.
“What? You made a CD? When did you do that?”
“I made seven. This was the last one before the accident.”
“The one that—”
“Yes.”
Melody goggled at her best friend. Finally she said, “Yaeko … you were … you were—famous?”
Yaeko dropped her gaze. Then she nodded. “I was famous in the classical community. I used to think that meant I was famous famous, you know what I mean?”
But Melody only stared at her.
Yaeko continued, the hint of desperation in her voice: “I don’t know, Melody. Maybe I was. But nobody here has ever heard of me, including you. Not even your mother, not even the school’s music teacher! It’s totally safe here, like … like Izumi thought it would be. Nobody has ever recognized me. Nobody except the network I told you about. Sometimes I …” She sighed heavily, then sat silent for a long time, looking down. “… sometimes I wonder if I just dreamed that entire part of my life. It’s like … it’s like I didn’t even exist back then … and now I do. Or maybe it’s the other way around. I don’t know, Melody…. Many times I listen to these CDs simply to remind myself that all of it did in fact take place, that it wasn’t a dream.”
When Melody spoke, Yaeko could hear the hurt in her voice, a hurt reflected perfectly in her friend’s eyes, a hurt too agonizing for Yaeko to look at for more than a second. Yaeko glanced downward at her lap. Melody said: 
“But … but why didn’t you tell me, Yaeko?”
Yaeko closed her eyes. 
The music in the background played on, beautifully, passionately, but now almost jarring in its implications. After a long time she whispered, “I was afraid. I … I am afraid…. I mean, I know there’s no connection between my fame and my ... my ... It makes no sense, I know; I know it—but ... but still I’m ... I just thought that if my fame went away, so would the ... the ...” Her eyes opened, her voice even quieter; “... the curse....”
“Curse? What curse?”
“Never mind, Melody. It’s silly.”
“No, no, tell me. What curse? What are you afraid of, Yaeko?”
“I …” Melody could see her friend struggling against a fast-rising tide of emotion. “I … I … Every time I’ve lifted my violin to play for one I love—I mean really play, my … my …—I mean … that person has … has …”
She looked away.
“Yaeko—”
“When we met last year on the Pier, I knew right then you’d be my best friend forever, Melody. I just knew it. But that scared me so much, I—”
“It’s okay, Yaeko …”
A tear had drained from one eye to her chin, where it hung precariously. “I’m sorry …”
“Don’t be! Please!”
“I don’t want you to … to ...” She whispered faintly, “... to die ...”
Melody blinked her eyes wide. “Die? Who said anything about dying? I’m not going to die.”
“But … but how can you be so sure?” Yaeko sniffled, her face tightening with grief. “You can’t possibly know such things.”
And then it was just as it had been in the principal’s office. Melody felt her mouth moving, and her voice coming out of it, just as though she was under remote control. But these sounds, these words, didn’t come from a place of anger or fear.
She heard herself say: 
“But I know this, Yaeko. I know we are meant to be together—and not to play chess and talk about jerks like Tommy Heffledorf or even practice violin at school in the morning … but something important, something really important, something …”
“… we haven’t done yet.”
They had spoken together.
They stared at each other. And each saw the same thing in the other’s gaze: a granite-hard affirmation of the other. Their eyes were like two pairs of perfect mirrors facing each other, the view extending for eternity in each.
“Melody, I ... I think I know how the aecxis fits in all this.”
“That’s right!” said Melody. “You’re going to show me that thing you’ve been wanting to, the thing you think has to do with the aecxis! I completely forgot!”
Yaeko nodded, but she wasn’t smiling. Her countenance was very grave.
“I’ll … I’ll have to show you,” she said, “tomorrow. Are you going to school tomorrow, Melody?”
“My mom told me I could take the day off,” Melody replied, looking very worried for her friend. “I want to spend it with you.”
Yaeko wiped her face with her arm sleeve, smiling warmly. “We have a violin lesson tomorrow. Want to meet me at school tomorrow at seven?”
“Not six-thirty?”
“I’d like to play a little on my own first. Is that okay?”
Melody nodded, worry still creasing her face. Then she said: “I really wish I could spend the night. I feel like I’m about to burst, I’ve got so much to say. And I still want to play you my song …”
“Play it tomorrow at practice?”
“Okay. Are you going to be all right, Yaeko?”
Yaeko nodded.
“Don’t be afraid, Yaeko. We ...” and Melody felt the words bubbling up again from the depths of her soul, feeling them as absolute truth, like melting subterranean ice, brought to the surface by the power of the sunny, warm aecxis shining within her:
“We—are One.”
She reached for her hand.
Yaeko’s smile was genuine and innocent.
“We are One, Melody.”
~~*~~
Yaeko listened to the hiss of her wheelchair’s tires as they zipped through the clear puddles along the sidewalk, thinking of another time and another early morning when those sounds carried her to a new and extraordinary reality. It’s funny, she thought, they are just sounds, the sounds of hard rubber meeting concrete and rainwater, but they stir my soul just the same. Sounds made not so long ago, it seems; sounds also made under the cover of still gray. She looked up, smiling …
I am a free agent, she thought, in a land that is both real and unreal. 
And the difference is in my bow, waiting to be released by my fingers.
The school was just across the street, and she thought: Here. Here is where the edge of the world is. Here. She wondered: If I play my violin now, could I wheel over that edge and breathe? Would I be safe? She thought about the frightening skeletons at that daunting edge, about the wrecked battleships tossed over it. About the kind of force it would take to scatter both so widely, so far away from the ocean. To destroy ships and men so wantonly. She thought about the seagulls that had attacked Mr. Conor last Saturday night, then about the sails near the edge. The same symbol, a broadsword thrust down through a flaming ring, adorned both, terrifyingly.
Should I have told Melody that I’ve seen that symbol too? Have I endangered her or her mother somehow for not doing so? Are there seagull assassins waiting to attack me now? Why haven’t they done so already?
She pushed the panicky thoughts from her mind. 
There are so many mysteries, she thought, so many mysteries....
She rolled forward another hundred feet.
The edge is here, she shuddered with a goosebump-raising mixture of pleasure and fear. The edge of the world and a pier that stretches forever before me. Melody, we belong there, you and I. It is what brought us together, I know it now; somehow I think I’ve always known it. We truly are One....
She crossed Fourth Street, a smile once again lighting her face.
Imperial Beach Middle School was a sprawling single-story edifice in blonde brick rising beyond a football field surrounded by a red dirt track. Silver stands lined both sides of the field. A high chain-link fence bordered the entire property. A single sidewalk ran just outside the south edge of the field; fencing rose on both sides of it as well. The sidewalk fell down a small green hill before leveling off towards the building. Yaeko came to the head of the sidewalk, her smile widening. Here I am, at the edge of the world, pushing off ...
She rolled down the sidewalk, gathering speed, the morning air rushing louder and louder in her ears, a dull roar not unlike the surf just a dozen blocks away. She guided her speeding wheelchair expertly, feeling the thrill in the pit of her stomach. Her chair raced to the bottom of the hill, hissing through another puddle, the feel of giddy freedom breezing through her veins, her long black hair trailing freely behind her head. She thought: If I play my violin now, could I travel through space? She had brought the Stradivarius with her; she knew she could get in a good half hour of practice before meeting Melody at seven. She desperately needed that solitary half hour this morning: she needed it to compose herself, to finally convince herself that what she was about to do was right. And then … 
(She gulped back the adrenaline) ... 
... And then she would accompany her best friend to the end of the Imperial Beach Pier, where she would play Melody her song. 
The song. Melody.
And then …
(She gulped again) ...
What if Melody couldn’t see the endless pier? Would that confirm that I’m insane? If I play it for her, will that curse her too? What if Melody—?
She closed her eyes, lifted her chin, fiercely whispered a silent prayer—
What if Melody dies too?
She violently pushed the thought from her mind. She pressed forward to the set of double doors that opened into the hallway that led to the music room. She merely had to insert the key, turn it, and press the black button under the lock, which she did: the right door swung open silently, admitting her. As it closed behind her she turned back to confirm that it had stayed unlocked, thinking of Melody, who would be coming in little more than half an hour. Unlocked? Yes. Satisfied, she wheeled about and quickly made her way down the dark hallway.
She moved confidently into the gloom. The darkness around her wasn’t so thick that she couldn’t see; it was just dark enough to tickle childhood nightmares of one-eyed green monsters and ghoulish red-mouthed vampires and other evil minions, dark enough for her to recall curiously a time just after the crash, a time only her very hindbrain could remember and which felt vaguely suffocating. The janitors, she thought, would probably not be turning on the lights for another hour.
Two hundred feet later she turned right at the last classroom door before the hallway opened into a large circular foyer, the sides of which were floor-to-ceiling glass-and-wood cabinets that contained the school’s many athletic trophies. The tall, wide glass panes appeared menacing and unwelcoming, taking the weak light and reflecting it back, making them look like ghosts advancing in a slow semicircle towards her.
The music room’s door had already been opened, something the janitors always took care of during those mornings she practiced with Melody. She rolled into the room, flicked on the lights.
She liked the music room. It smelled of old brass and erasers and the sharp lemony tinge of cleaning detergent. She wheeled next to the teacher’s podium, reached for the Stradivarius and bow behind her, and five minutes later was practicing.
The half hour passed quickly. She played Melody, its last two movements, feeling her way into the music, searching for ways to make it even more perfect. Her hands had trembled and her heart had raced when she started, but she soon forgot her fears as the music swept her up and away. To finish her short practice, she played a violin concerto by Telemann. She thought: If the walls of the school were made suddenly transparent, would I see the hard blackness of space through the Great Arch and the tremendous orb of Saturn rising in the southwest? She felt as though the music room were a space capsule and her music its propulsion.
If I step outside now, would I be thousands of miles away, perhaps next to one of those breathtaking spires?
When she opened her eyes, a janitor stood just inside the doorway, watching her. He was an Hispanic man, with a stocky build and a deeply weathered face, which made his soft dreamy smile seem ludicrously out of place. When he spoke, his accent was almost too thick for Yaeko to understand.
“You play with such beauty and grace, Yaeko.”
She bowed her head. “Gracias, Senor Alvarado.”
“I so look forward to these mornings. I have even rearranged my cleaning schedule—I’m supposed to be in the Language Arts wing at this time—but I have changed it so that I can be near this room, to listen to you and to the bonita senorita who usually accompanies you. My whole day always goes very smoothly afterward.”
“Gracias, Senor.” Yaeko bowed her head again.
“De nada, Yaeko. De nada.”
He sighed resignedly. “Now, off to the math hallway. One of the classrooms in it had an explosion yesterday!”
“I heard.”
“Ijole! Kids—”
Yaeko nodded, grinning. She thought of Melody, inwardly surprised that she had never thought of her best friend as a “kid.”
The janitor turned to go. “Buenos dias, Yaeko.”
“Y tu,” she waved with a smile.
She glanced up at the clock. 7:10. Melody was late—again. Had Yaeko inadvertently locked her out of the building?
She quickly gathered her belongings, secured her violin and bow in the wheelchair’s back pouch, and wheeled out of the classroom. She had waited so long for this day; she had dreaded it, too. Dreaded it with mindless terror. Now it was here. Melody was probably locked out of the school, a victim of her jitters. She hastily wheeled into the hallway.
She peered into the gloom. And then she smiled, relieved. A slender human shape was drawing closer, moving towards her through the darkness.
… and then another. And another. And another.
Tommy Heffledorf’s gang stood in front of her, grinning maliciously down at her.



Chapter 16
The Prayer of Ammalinaeus
The four bullies grinned evilly down at Yaeko.
“Well, look who it is!” said the leader, a redheaded boy with a severe crew cut and wearing extremely baggy navy blue chinos that hung well down his hips, exposing a wide band of plaid boxer shorts. “It’s Cripple!”
The other boys stood motionless, leering.
She hesitated, then went to move around them. The leader stuck out his foot, jamming it against the front wheel, stopping her progress.
“Where are you going?” he sneered. “You’ll leave when we tell you.”
Something deep, deep inside her sang danger in a way that she had never felt before. The realization cast her mind into darkness, prepared her for instant action. She backed up, glaring harshly at the gangbangers before her. Almost certainly they were looking for Melody—and without knowing it, Melody would be walking straight into them in just a matter of moments. 
“We don’t want nothin’ with you, Cripple,” muttered the leader. “We’re looking for your friend, Spaz. Spaz Pinkie Panties. She’s the one we want. We have some … unfinished business with her. We know she’s here. We want to ... talk to her.”
The other boys snickered.
The leader grinned, but only for a moment. “So … where is she? She hidin’ from her just desserts?”
Melody will be here any second, Yaeko thought, adrenaline burning through her veins. And then she’ll be in great danger. They must be here to settle the score with what happened to that fat jerk yesterday….
The janitor, Senor Alvarado, was gone, was in the math hallway, many hallways distant. He wouldn’t hear her scream. And since this was Wednesday, the late-start day of the week, she knew he was probably the only janitor in the entire building. And teachers were probably another hour from arriving.
She had to act—now.
Without warning, she burst forward, running over the toes of the same boy she had the last time they met, crashing an instant later into the knee of the leader. Both bullies staggered backwards. The other two boys jumped out of the way. She burst forward again, but the leader, who was rubbing his knee, glared at her and swore. He righted himself and kicked her front wheel to a jarring halt.
Without a word, he backhanded her, the pain arcing across her head in a stinging burst of stars. Next moment she felt blood running freely from her nose and mouth.
She jerked her chin up defiantly, her eyes watering and filled with silent fury.
The leader laughed.
“Tora! Tora! Tora!” he yelled. “Yo, look at the slant! Thinks she’s all that!”
She glanced abruptly between the bullies and into the blackness beyond. She screamed to no one, “Melody! Run!”
In unison the gang turned to look—
The kid with the tracks of Yaeko’s wheelchair over his sneaker was closest. Her left hand flashed out, rapier-quick. She grabbed his groin tightly and yanked down with all her might. She launched herself forward in the next instant, flying out of her chair and into the chest of the redheaded leader, crawling up him like a furious black widow, clawing viciously for his face, his cheeks, his eyes—
The gang leader fell on his back, Yaeko on top of him. She brutally scratched one of his eyes—it was bleeding, she could feel the warm, slick liquid on her fingertips—and now she punched him without thought, as fast and as hard as she could. He screamed, “GET OFF! GET OFF!” The other boy was on his hands and knees and vomiting; he gulped for air, hunched over a putrid tan puddle, his head hanging limply between his arms.
But the two other gang members rushed to their leader’s aid, and with some effort they stripped Yaeko—who was still punching wildly, mindlessly—from the boy’s chest. They threw her to the ground. Someone kicked her in the stomach—another kicked her forehead … She curled around herself instinctively, her arms clutching for the dead weight of her legs, trying to bury her face in her thighs. She sucked air, unable to get any past the back of her teeth. The leader lurched to his knees, then to his feet, where he joined his friends, brutally kicking and stomping her. One bully knelt, started punching her as hard as he could, aiming for her head, her neck, her ears. Wheezing for air, the pain of each blow like being struck with a large stone, she felt herself slipping fitfully into unconsciousness, her thoughts focused only on her best friend and the unspeakable horrors that awaited her.
“You—filthy—slant!” the leader yelled between vicious kicks and stomps.
One of the boys tired of kicking Yaeko and went to do wheelies in her wheelchair.
Another left the pummeling with a yawn, spied the violin case in the wheelchair’s back pouch, snatched it, and removed the beautiful Stradivarius from its home. He slashed the bow across it, yelling, “Hey, listen!” The sounds being rent from it were plaintive and desperate, an angel crying for help….
Yaeko sobbed under the continuing blows. The Stradivarius was dying ...
The leader quit kicking her. “Lemme see it!”
She was barely conscious. She couldn’t see from one eye; the other was swelling shut too; her nose and right cheek felt broken; her skull throbbed; her ribs and abdomen flashed agony with each sucking, gurgling half-breath. One boy kicked her still, his foot slamming into her hands, which now covered her face, or aiming for her exposed abdomen…. She was cut and bleeding in at least half a dozen places…. A small pool of warm blood had formed under her head, matting her hair to her ear, to her neck…. She lay in a twisted heap, but could still barely see out of one eye. She just managed to peek between her fingers—
—and watched as the leader took her bow and snapped it in half over his knee, tossing the two pieces contemptuously over his shoulder. He then yanked Izumi’s last gift to her, the beautiful Stradivarius, out of the grasp of the blond boy with the nose stud—the strings made one final gasp of life, a sickly twanging that hurt Yaeko much worse than the inhuman punishment she was still receiving—and smashed it into the brick wall behind him, once, twice, three times. She spasmed with each smash, as though she and the violin were one, as though its destruction meant hers as well.
The violin exploded into splinters with the third crash. She yelped, sobbing. The leader continued bashing the fingerboard into the wall, seemingly caught in some sort of uncontrollable rage-inspired seizure, until only a small chunk of the wood remained, the strings hanging from it like wiry sinews pulled violently free of the rest of the body. With a yell of victory, he tossed the mutilated piece on the floor and then spat on it, his left eye closed, swollen grotesquely from her attack. The long scratches on his face bled freely, his good eye wild. He looked like a murdering psychotic. The other boys were taking turns on her wheelchair, crashing it into the wall, turning it over, doing wheelies, laughing.
Someone was spitting on her.
The leader. He leered down at her.
“Hey! You guys remember that Monica Wilson chick last year? The beach? Last summer?”
A murmur of recognition echoed in the hallway. One boy laughed: “Yeah, she dropped out! Guess we had too much fun with her!”
“How ‘bout we give the cripple here a little of that fun, eh?” The leader stared down at her maliciously. “How ‘bout it, Cripple? Then maybe you’ll think twice about punching your betters.”
He reached for his belt buckle.
The other boys laughed and stared, their eyes gleaming sinisterly, hungrily….
The boy wearing an oversized yellow basketball jersey and a baseball cap worn sideways glanced up from the wheelchair. “Hey, there she is! It’s Spaz Pinkie Panties! Now we can have some real fun!”
The leader, looming over Yaeko, looked up too, grinning monstrously. “It’s two-fer-one time, boys!”
Yaeko, with what remained of her failing strength, screamed at the carpeted floor, spitting blood, “Melody, r-run! RUN!” She brought her head up—it felt as though her neck were broken, the pain halting her motion before she could complete it—and opened her one good eye. Melody was walking towards her from out of the gloom … but calmly, purposefully, patiently even, as if taking a serene stroll about the block. She was very clearly not frightened in the least. Her eyes—
A huge surge of agony coursed through Yaeko’s hips, the exact same pain she had felt at the end of the Pier the first time she visited it. She curled involuntarily into herself, her half-full lungs emptying with a spastic cough; she drew herself to her limp knees, fighting desperately to stay conscious….
Melody’s dark eyes had transformed. They appeared as deep blue glowing rings surrounding her irises, making them look like black coals dredged straight out of hell. That blue was surreal, otherworldly—and yet somehow very familiar—and just to look at it gave Yaeko such anguish that she was forced to shut her own, her hands over them, as if trying to protect herself from a blinding atomic explosion.
The leader muttered, “What the—?”
Melody strode within the wreckage of the shattered Stradivarius and patiently raised her right hand, palm up.
The leader, as if by magic, floated off the ground.
“What the hell?” he yelled. “Whoa! HEY—!”
He looked down at his legs, past his unbuttoned, baggy pants, his scratched and bleeding face wide with surprise, his one good eye huge. He hung still several moments before floating even higher, until his head was just inches from the ceiling. He gasped, unable to believe what was happening to him. His accomplices were frozen in place, staring, open-mouthed.
Melody’s eyes flashed a violet hue tinged blinding white, just like lightning. She flipped the palm of her hand over in an abrupt and decisive gesture, and pointed stiffly with her forefinger. The leader flew backward as if an invisible hook from the trophy foyer had snatched him about the waist, his limbs and head snapping straight back from his curled abdomen. He emitted a whistling, fleeting, horribly desolate shriek of terror as he disappeared, smashing back first into the large glass cabinets a millisecond later. The ensuing explosion sounded like a stick of dynamite thrown into a china shop, showering the bullies and Yaeko with shards of flying glass and splintered wood. The sounds of crashing metal and tinkling glass faded quickly into a deadly serenity more fearsome than a battlefield full of screaming wounded. The leader was nowhere to be seen. The black silence of death, final and infinitely calm, issued coldly from the trophy room.
The three remaining boys spun around to gawk at the glowing-eyed girl calming surveying them.
Yaeko had opened her eyes to a bloody squint. She whimpered, “M-M-Melody?”
Melody took three more steps into the center of the mayhem, her arm back at her side. She was still as an executioner, her presence like a black hole, sucking all life, all light into it. The glowing blue rings surrounding the irises of her eyes evenly and unblinkingly surveyed the smashed violin lying in bits all around her; those alien eyes studied Yaeko for several seconds, almost indifferently. She turned to face the three remaining thugs, who gaped at her as if she were Frankenstein’s monster. She suddenly raised her arms like a hawk about to pounce on her prey—
—Her eyes! —
—Agony surged through Yaeko’s hips again … She hid under her arms, screamed, “MELODY!”—
The boy in the wheelchair flew out of it. He yelled, “Hey!” and grabbed one of the chair’s armrests on his way up, half-lifting the chair before releasing it—it came crashing to its side, the top wheel spinning slowly—the other two boys were flying too, lifted magically amid startled protests, drifting overhead in a lazy circle—
Melody dropped to one knee, slapped her palm hard to the carpeted floor with a muffled pop—
—the boy that had been wheeling about in Yaeko’s wheelchair came crashing to the floor head first, his sudden velocity as through he had fallen out of an airplane miles above the ground. He bounced grotesquely, landing limply; he twitched twice, his body smashed into jelly, no bones. The other boys yelled and screamed, sickened by the sight, frightened out of their minds.
Yaeko came to her elbow with great difficulty, crying in pain, wiping away the blood that kept streaming into her blackened eyes, the good one of which had almost swollen closed too.
Her best friend stood in the center of two flying bullies and the destroyed Stradivarius, her arms raised to shoulder level, held out at her sides, elbows slightly bent. And then Yaeko saw that it wasn’t indifference that glowed blue in Melody’s eyes, but a rage beyond rage, a fury expressed with the absolute certainty that nothing could stand in its way—and that which did deserved what was coming to it. Melody stood, no longer a slight, pretty, middle-school girl, but a force of nature, the eye of a monster hurricane. She turned in place as if she massed tons, a mighty tempest about to make landfall….
Yaeko’s remaining assailants flipped over themselves, completely helpless, yelling and cursing. Melody focused on one of them, bringing her arms slowly, patiently in front of her. The boy she was zeroing in on was the one whose groin Yaeko had grabbed earlier. Melody’s arms came up higher—her eyes flashed—Yaeko screamed—
Brilliant silver lightning erupted from Melody’s outstretched fingertips, crackling into the skull of the bully. He shrieked—only for a split second—catapulting into a bank of lockers like burning tissue paper thrown from a tornado, the silver lightning feeding into him. He struck with such force that the lockers crumpled inward like aluminum foil, forcing several on the periphery of the impact to explode open. Papers and notebooks blew out, some on fire, arcing over Yaeko in a shower of yellow sparks, black ash, and fluttering, floating white. Melody stood in the center of the maelstrom, untouched, sending deafening silver electricity into the smashed lockers, into the bully, who was somewhere in there, unseen. Finally she quit. The air was flush with the sweet, pungent odor of ozone, as though it had just rained.
Melody slowly turned to face Yaeko’s last assailant.
The bully pleaded with her:
“P-P-Please stop. Please. We didn’t mean nothin’ … we were just teasin’, havin’ some fun … Please … Please stop! I’m gonna be sick. I don’t want to die—”
Melody’s eyes flashed—her arms came up—the boy wailed, “NOOOOOOO!”—
A large, heavy, gentle hand fell on her shoulder, followed by a deep voice with an Irish accent. The voice said:
“That’s quite enough, Melody.”
Melody whipped her head around—the flying boy fell hard on his back; he scrambled to his feet to run, but then simply froze in place, as if suddenly encased in ice—
Her eyes flashed upon Mr. Conor’s bearded face, giving it a momentary ghostly violet glow. Her teacher said, “Whoa—” He brought his hand up between them, as if to shield himself. “Whoa now … calm down … it’s over now … Close your eyes, Melody…. Go on … go on, do it …”
He slowly lowered his hand. Melody closed her eyes, though with obvious enraged reluctance; the violent blue rings surrounding her irises were clearly visible through the thin membranes of her eyelids, rings now cast blood-red by her own flesh, giving her an even more terrifying appearance.
He said, “I’m your friend—remember me? Mr. Conor? Breathe slowly, my dear … that’s it … that’s it, there you go….”
He took a moment to glance around at the devastation, his visage grim.
“A Mathematician has been here,” he said ominously. “A very powerful, very dangerous Mathematician.” He gave a mirthless chuckle. “Guess it makes no sense to ask how the proof’s coming along.... No—I told you to keep your eyes closed—”
And the voice that came out of Yaeko Mitsaki’s best friend frightened her into whimpering, for it contained such demonic rage that it sounded utterly alien. “I cannot close them. I will not!”
Melody’s eyes blinked open, blue and brilliant. Twin parallel streaks of yellow fire suddenly appeared on the hallway floor, racing directly towards the last boy, who stood, frozen and terrified; streaks of fire which disappeared just as suddenly, leaving behind smoking black trails—
“Close your eyes!” Mr. Conor ordered. “Do you understand me? Breathe in, breathe out … do as I told you. Do it! Breathe, Melody … keep your eyes closed. Let the aecxis go. Accept, Melody. Do not open your eyes until you have done so, am I clear? Do not move. Understand? Nod if you understand. Go on, Melody … nod.”
Her cheeks peeled away from her front teeth, exposing them, her grimace pulled to the limits of her face’s musculature. She was breathing very heavily, as if she had just run a grueling race. After a long time she jerked her head up and down.
“Good. Stay here. I must help your friend—and these poor little bastards stupid enough to muck with a bloody Mathematician.”
He hurried over to Yaeko. “Hello …” he spoke gently to the crumpled heap lying tightly curled and silent at his feet. He dropped to his knees, picked away the glass shards, wood splinters, and pieces of partially burned paper that had rained down upon her. He cautiously reached for her head. Yaeko flinched away. “I’m here to help,” he offered quietly, “I’m here to help.” 
He gently touched her face, just above the bridge of her broken nose. Blood had matted her pretty black hair flat to her neck, had clotted in scarlet streaks across her pummeled, discolored, and swollen cheeks. “You must be Yaeko,” he said, smiling. “Look into my eyes, Yaeko. Can you do that? There you go … that’s it … Keep looking…. Starting to feel better? Yes? That’s good, Yaeko, that’s good ...”
After another minute he carefully picked her up and carried her to the nearest wall, gently propping her up against an undamaged locker not far from where a bank of them had crumpled inward and were now emitting a gray, foul smoke. The odor was like burning trash mixed with the stench of smoldering hair and flesh. Nearby was a putrid circle of puke, which added to the nauseating stench. Yaeko’s nose crinkled in disgust. She started crying.
Mr. Conor turned away, muttering “… must work quickly; why the bloody hell the fire alarm hasn’t gone off is beyond me ...” He stood back and crooked his index finger slowly. Something large moved next to her, from within the twisted locker wreckage. She flinched with fear. But when she tried to move away her ribs yelped in pain. It felt as though they all had been shattered.
She looked and whimpered, sickened, turned her face away—
The boy’s body emerged from the rubble, his entire top half blackened and smoking. The smell of burning flesh was suddenly omnipresent. The corpse floated limply, trailing burnt papers behind it, its arms and feet dragging across the carpeted floor. It settled at Mr. Conor’s feet.
“My goodness,” whispered Aedan Conor.
He knelt next to the unrecognizable, hairless head, charred and fissured with red, oozing cracks, a skull whose eyes had been burned out, whose nose and ears were missing, and gently touched it. After a moment he stood.
He turned without warning and yelled, “I told you to keep your eyes closed!” And now Yaeko could hear Melody crying too … Her sobs were desperately lonely, fading into the uncaring gloom of the hallway.... She wanted more than anything to go to her, to hold her....
Mr. Conor stepped into the trophy foyer next to the music room. She could only see his wide back for several moments. Then he backed up slowly.
Trailing him was the leader, whose corpse was unrecognizable, a grisly pulped mass of flesh and blood and bone covered in shards of glass and impaled by several trophies. The body floated towards Melody’s math teacher, and Yaeko, who cursed herself for being unable to tear her eyes away from the hideous sight, was unsurprised that Mr. Conor was just like Melody, a … Mathematician. That he possessed incredible, otherworldly powers like she did. Mr. Conor backed up until he was even with the first dead bully he had retrieved; he lowered the leader until both boys’ corpses were shoulder to shoulder. He bent to one knee and touched the bloodied mass.
Melody sniffled loudly.
—The first boy suddenly lurched back to life, sucking in a huge lungful of air, his back arching high off the floor. Somehow, miraculously, his eyes had returned, were open and staring, his skin still blackened and charred.
He screamed. 
It was no ordinary scream. It was a hideous soul-chilling shriek torn out of a human being in hellish pain. He screamed and writhed like a victim receiving electric shocks in a hot box, but seemed otherwise physically constrained, his new eyes huge, his newly pink mouth wide open, his restored nostrils flared, his hands, also miraculously new, clutching spasmodically at the floor.
Yaeko went to plug her ears—and it was then she felt a tremendous rush of heat steal through her entire body, starting at her head and flooding down, like being immersed under a warm shower. The sensation was enormously pleasant and relaxing. Miraculously, her eyes were opening, the swelling in her face rapidly abating, the throbbing pain in her nose and front teeth dissolving away. After one more twinge of agony from her ribs, that soothing touch washed through them, causing her to sigh involuntarily. She watched, her blood-red mouth open, as open cuts and scrapes along her arms healed right before her eyes. The warmth surged to her injured elbows (she didn’t know they were until just then), and then into her hands, making her fingertips tingle. After another moment it migrated into her hips, where it stayed for a long time. Her toes suddenly itched furiously, then twitched. She inhaled sharply. The twitch was a full six inches each way. A sensation like electricity then ran down her thighs, making her skin crawl with gooseflesh. She realized at that moment, and quite incredulously, that she was completely healed.
Mr. Conor moved the third boy next to the others. All three howled now, the very cacophony of hell. Yaeko felt sure the entire school could hear it, that the janitor would come running at any moment. But there was no sign of movement in either direction of the darkened hallway.
Why were they yelling? Were their injuries so severe that to heal them would create enormous pain? Or—was Mr. Conor torturing them? The screams went on and on. Yaeko covered her ears and glanced at Melody.
Melody stood silently, visibly shuddering, as if she were trapped in a frigid Arctic breeze without any protection. Her hands were balled into tight fists and pressed deeply into her belly; her head was down, her eyes closed, the otherworldly blue rings no longer glowing red through her eyelids. Her mouth was clamped shut, her jaws rigid and quivering. She appeared to be holding her breath. Yaeko ached from the need to go to her, to hug her, to assure her that all would be okay, Mr. Conor was here now, it would all be okay.... Her overturned wheelchair was across the hallway and behind Melody’s teacher, who stood over the three recovering bullies, watching them. The fourth thug stood just to Mr. Conor’s right, frozen in the exact same position as before.
Yaeko shuddered. Mr. Conor, standing there in the gloom with his arms crossed, looked like the angel of death. His severe eyes peered unblinkingly downward, his cold demeanor almost like that of a brutal sorcerer enjoying the sight of his subjects in terrible, unendurable anguish.
After another minute the boy that Melody had bounced off the floor suddenly stopped writhing and wailing and came unsteadily to his feet. He glanced at Mr. Conor with a terrified expression, tried to bolt—
—and froze in place.
The leader tried the same thing, but when he got to his feet he slipped and fell in his own pool of shrapnel-choked blood. When he rose he appeared ghastly, a sight from a Hollywood horror film. Then he too froze in place. The last boy to recover was the one who had been sent spinning into the lockers with Melody shooting silver lightning at him. He stood, half naked, his skull completely hairless. His flesh was sunburn-red, his new ears and nose almost scarlet, the chunks of blackened flesh that once covered him having shed onto the floor, leaving a disgusting flaky black ring. Then he too froze still.
“That’ll do,” said Mr. Conor with ice in his voice. He looked each of them over, slowly, as if inspecting sides of beef, and then went to Melody. After a few seconds he reached out to her, running his fingers through her long brown hair. He said quietly: “The war you wage is your own, Mathematician. Just accept who you are—and the battle will be won.” He studied her, an eyebrow raised, his chin cocked slightly to one side. “Accept, Melody,” he whispered. “Become who you are….”
He took a step back from her. He gazed slowly about the gloomy hallway, surveying the devastation surrounding him. Presently he shook his head, whistled tonelessly. “Unbelievable,” he said. “In all my life, I’ve never seen such capacity manifested so quickly. Even I—” He cut himself off.
He glanced down at his feet, as if just becoming aware of something very important. He stood in the middle of the scattered splinters that were once Yaeko’s beautiful Stradivarius. He studied them for a long time, his devilish eyebrows coming together very slowly….
He turned his head to stare at Yaeko, his green eyes inquisitive, probing. He whispered, “Your name is … Yaeko.”
From the bank of lockers, Yaeko nodded nervously.
Mr. Conor stooped and picked up a small splinter of the demolished Stradivarius. He stood and examined it for a long time, twisting it slowly between his thumb and forefinger. “I find myself unable to believe this, that you are still alive,” he finally said. “Watching you … listening to you … what you could do with this instrument … It takes me back to a place of awesome beauty, a place I—”
But he didn’t finish the thought. After a time he knelt and placed the splinter back on the floor, as though it were a sacred archeological find of some kind, and stood. He looked at her, his eyes filled with wonder. He said:
“That you still live ... is a genuine miracle. Melody’s new powers are another. I may be crazy—but let’s see if there is room for yet one more miracle today, shall we?”
The four bullies still stood frozen in the exact same positions as before. Not a peep came from them.
Mr. Conor peered down at Melody.
“Open your eyes.”
Melody’s eyes opened slowly, unsurely, in fluttering stages. Eyes that took in the destroyed violin and bow; eyes that peered into Yaeko’s own; eyes that looked upon her friend’s face to see the streaks of blood and matted hair …
Eyes that flashed blue-white again—
“Close your eyes,” Mr. Conor ordered. “Do it now.”
Yaeko whimpered in pain.
Melody grimaced, shut her eyes. The red glow had returned.
“My goodness, Melody,” he said, “what rage you have inside you! Do you see the aecxis?”
Melody trembled silently.
“Answer me.” Mr. Conor’s voice took a distinct edge of command to it, a force that jerked Yaeko to attention, a voice used to getting instant obedience.
Melody nodded almost spasmodically.
“Say it.”
“Y-Yes,” she cried.
“It’s red?”
“ … and b-b-black. It’s f-flashing …”
“You are angry.”
“Y-Yes.”
“I already know why, but tell me anyway.”
An inhuman voice answered. “THEY HURT YAEKO! THEY WERE KICKING HER AND SPITTING ON HER AND CALLING HER ‘SLANT’ AND ‘CRIPPLE’ AND THEY DESTROYED HER VIOLIN—”
Mr. Conor was surprised by the speed with which Melody suddenly spun about, opened her eyes. The brilliant silver lightning that had spurted from her hands now crackled directly from her gaze for the bullies. With an inhumanly swift sweeping gesture with both of his arms, Mr. Conor disbursed it just as the bolts reached the closest of them. The lightning arced up and away from the gang, vanishing harmlessly into the ceiling. The white ceiling panels lifted as though from a strong gust of wind, thumped back into place.
“Shut your bloody eyes!”
Melody screwed her eyes closed, shaking and sobbing uncontrollably.
—It’s okay, Melody … I’m okay. I’m okay, I promise … We are One, Melody. Remember? We are One…. I’m okay, serious …—
Aedan Conor turned, surprised, and glanced at Yaeko. He had heard her whisper … but it was as though she had just done so right into his ear, directly into his brain. For a moment he doubted he had heard it at all: she was too far away. His eyes widened in surprise when he heard another distinct whisper—a different voice, a voice tortured by grief, a voice not issuing from an open mouth:
—Your violin, Yaeko. Your violin …—
—It’s okay, Melody. I can get a new one. It’s okay, I promise. I— —
Yaeko stopped when she noticed Mr. Conor smiling at her. He put a finger to his lips. Her eyes grew wide, as though she’d just been caught doing something mischievous. He brought his stare to Melody, who was no longer shuddering, whose blood-red rings had disappeared from behind her closed eyes.
He said softly, “Do you want to fix the Young Master’s violin ... Apprentice?”
Melody hesitated for a moment, taken aback. She nodded. “Y-Yes ...”
“You must search your soul. Is there anything in this world you want more?”
“... N-No.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, Mr. Conor, I’m s-sure,” she sniffled. “Please help me fix it. Please.”
He stepped around to face her. He put his large hands over her clenched fists, which Melody had brought up and held tightly over her eyes.
“Lower your hands,” he ordered.
She dropped her hands, which were swallowed completely in his.
“Now listen to me very closely. I want you, with all your being, with all your heart, with all your might, with everything in your soul, to visualize Yaeko playing her violin. Can you do that?”
After a few seconds, Melody nodded.
“Are you picturing her?”
She nodded again.
“Is she happy?”
Another nod.
“Go into her happiness.”
“I—I d-don’t understand.”
“Yes, you do. Listen to me. Listen very closely. Go into her happiness.”
There was a prolonged period of total silence. Teacher and student stood facing each other amidst the devastation; Yaeko noticed that Mr. Conor had closed his eyes too. Finally he said, “There you go, Melody…. There it is…. Glorious…. Isn’t she magnificent? … Look how happy she is, like the violin is part of her very spirit….”
After another period of silence, he said, “Unclench your fists.”
Yaeko saw that Melody was no longer shaking, and that that familiar, slight smile had formed once more on her pretty mouth. Melody whispered, “The aecxis—!”
“Yes. Incredible, isn’t it? It is a very special, very rare aecxis. It comes into existence only in the presence of true love, joined and completed by at least two very powerful Mathematicians toward a single holy purpose. It will not come unless that purpose is holy. It is known as the Prayer of Ammalinaeus.”
In Melody’s mind’s eye was the most beautiful sight she had ever seen. It was an aecxis—a new one. Large and spherical and translucent, it looked just like the planet Saturn. Its rings were starlight-white and brilliant, full of millions of tiny question mark-like aecxes in a stately dance around the sphere. The sphere rotated slowly. There were spectral whirlpools like clouds over it, black in their centers, spinning speedily one second, barely moving the next, like currents and eddies in a clear mountain stream, and just as pleasant and calming to look at.
In the very center of the sphere stood (stood!) Yaeko. She was playing her violin upon a darkened stage before thousands, standing—yes, standing!—by herself, the silhouette of an orchestra just behind her, her eyes wide with joy, her face impassioned and fiercely alive. The violin she held indeed seemed a part of her very being….
Mr. Conor held on to one of Melody’s hands as he moved by her side, facing away from her, his eyes still closed. Seconds passed in expectant silence.
He spoke. “Now, I want you to visualize the shattered violin. But do so in love, Melody, not in anger. Understand?”
Melody nodded, the corner of one side of her mouth rising slightly …
And it was then that Melody heard a gentle voice deep within her being:
—We are One, Melody …—
Aedan Conor instructed, “Repeat after me, Melody Singleton:
“What we join together
in the light of Ammalinaeus
shall endure forever.”
Melody spoke in a monotone voice, as if reading from a text:
“What we join together
in the light of Ammalinaeus
shall endure forever.”
“Let the Prayer of Ammalinaeus go, Melody Singleton.”
As if choreographed, both Mr. Conor and Melody opened their eyes simultaneously, their arms rising like the wings of a parent bird with his child’s, together …
The hundreds of pieces of Yaeko’s shattered violin suddenly floated off the floor, startling her. They drifted to the center of the hallway, large pieces here, small bits there; they joined in mid-air, mending just like the pencil had in the music room only two days ago. The smaller pieces, and those covered in blood, and those burned by Melody‘s rage merged with the bigger ones, the still-recognizable ones ... The bow came back together, floating serenely, happily nearby. Yaeko’s eyes brightened with tears; her beloved best friend and Mr. Conor stood in the middle of floating debris that slowly became whole again, their arms raised, their eyes soft …
—Oh Melody! —
… and with her next breath Yaeko Mitsaki felt as though she could breathe forever, the breath of an entire planet, the sigh of a happy sea breeze floating lazily along an infinite pier: a breeze that carried the song deepest within her heart of hearts. The breeze felt flush with completeness, with perfection, with an ecstatic joy that transcended language. It played along Yaeko’s tingling spine as she watched, in utter awe, as the Stradivarius was made whole again. It floated towards her now, perfect, along with the healed bow; both settled into her outstretched and disbelieving grasp…. The precious wood felt alive, felt warm….
For a long time Melody and her math teacher remained unmoving, as if unwilling to let go of whatever coursed through their beings to perform this astonishing miracle. When Mr. Conor finally came out of his reverie, he turned about and said to the girl next to him: “I am in the presence of greatness, Melody Singleton. You are ready to join me, but you are not ready to accept who you are. And that will surely destroy you, as well as everything around you. And that includes Yaeko. I have much to teach you … perhaps too much. I fear my task is even greater than I first assumed it to be.”
And with that he bent and kissed the top of her head.
He turned his attention back to Yaeko, smiled at her.
“We give you back your violin—Young Master.” He inclined his head. “Like your music, it is now indestructible—and just as eternal. This is the power and the promise of the Prayer of Ammalinaeus. There are now no bullies, no guns, no cannons, no hate, no army that can scratch the instrument in your grasp. Set fire to it and it will remain unburned. Drop a nuclear bomb on it and in the center of the blast crater will be your violin, unharmed. It has been made indestructible by your unconditional love of it—and by your friend’s unconditional love ... of you.”
Yaeko gawked at the Stradivarius in her lap. Her breath had caught in her lungs. The instrument gleamed, even in the half light of the hallway. It didn’t have a scratch or blood stain on it. She glanced up to see Mr. Conor smiling at her. In a state of disbelief and shock, she managed just enough presence of mind to lower her head in a low bow. “Thank you.”
“Thank your friend, Yaeko Mitsaki. Without her love, this would not have been even remotely possible.”
Melody stared at Yaeko, as if just discovering what she had done, her face broadening slowly into a brilliant smile. Yaeko went to say, “Thank you, Mel—” but was unable to, for Melody had run to her, falling to her knees and swarming her under a suffocating hug. 
They held each other for a long time, silently.
Mr. Conor turned to face the motionless gangbangers. 
He approached them like the shadow of death, dark and huge and absolute. He stared at them one by one, as if saying something to them telepathically, each of them in their turn. Minutes passed like rusty razor blades being drawn slowly across soft forearms. The green in Mr. Conor’s eyes was deadly. Yaeko could see it plainly when he turned to stare at the last boy, the one who had escaped Melody’s rage.
He brought his arm up suddenly, and the boys seemed to sag into themselves as they regained the use of their muscles. They gawked at him, terrified.
“Run,” said Mr. Conor.
Melody heard their collective whimper—and then the bullies tore down the hallway together, panicked and screaming in terror.
Mr. Conor watched them go, a devilish eyebrow raised, and then he strode towards Melody and Yaeko, who were huddled together like puppies, their own eyes huge.
“I believe we have just seen the last of Mr. Heffledorf’s quaint little gang,” he said matter-of-factly. “We’ll likely never see them again, anywhere. I’ve seen to it that they will find themselves compelled to confess their many misdeeds, including this one, to those authorities most interested in hearing about them. They’ll find themselves unable to lie, because if they do—and they’ve been warned—they’ll suffer just as they did right here. Justice prevails today. They’re very lucky to be alive.”
He glanced at Melody.
“I called your mother this morning. She told me what happened yesterday—or at least what she thinks happened, that is. She also told me you were taking the day off and were on the way here. I thought I could catch you before you disappeared for the day. I’m very glad I did.”
He brought his gaze to Yaeko.
“Miss Mitsaki,” he inclined his head slightly, “with all due respect, you look terrible. I’m sure your—?”
“Guardian,” whispered Yaeko.
“Of course. And I’m sorry, Young Master. Allow me to say that much. I’m sure your parents are watching over you now.”
Yaeko bowed her head once more. “Thank you, Mr. Conor.”
“I’m sure your guardian will be alarmed at the sight of you. Shall I call her first?”
Yaeko shook her head. “She’s working the rest of this week. She’s a flight attendant and won’t be home until this weekend.”
“Mr. Conor…?” Melody’s voice was a desperate plea.
“My dear?”
“I—” But Melody couldn’t finish the thought. She started crying again.
“You’re scared,” said Mr. Conor.
She nodded fitfully.
“You should be! Your terror may be the only check on the awesome power you wield. I don’t want you to let it go just yet. There will be a day when it will no longer be necessary. For now, unfortunately, it is.”
“But I don’t want to be scared!” cried Melody.
Mr. Conor kneeled, cupping Melody’s wet face in his strong palm. “I’m here,” he said. “I’m not going anywhere—okay? I’m your friend … and teacher. I will always be here for you. That is my promise. You must learn not to allow your rage to overcome you, Melody. You must learn to let the aecxis go.”
“But … but what is it?” she sniffled.
“I will explain … but it will have to wait. I think it’s time you both got going, before a janitor or another teacher stumbles into this hellacious mess.” He rose to his feet.
“But … don’t go! I’m so scared!”
He went to answer, but then:
—I’m here, Melody. I’ll be here for you. I promise too …—
Yaeko held her best friend closer as she sobbed into her shoulder. Mr. Conor said, “Of that I have no doubt, Young Master.” He nodded knowingly at her. “It is tragic we should meet under such circumstances, Yaeko Mitsaki. But allow me to express my joy at having done so nevertheless. Two years ago it felt like a part of my soul died when I heard the news.”
Yaeko held Melody and said nothing, making only the slightest of nods to acknowledge Mr. Conor’s words.
He said: “I’m here for you, Melody Singleton. I won’t abandon you. That is my pledge and my promise. And your best friend is here too. Let your anger go and you will be okay. Let it go. That will be your second lesson, even harder than the proof, I reckon. Understand?”
Eventually Melody moved her head up and down, her nose buried in Yaeko’s matted and blood-caked hair.
“Good. Now get going. Do you need help, Yaeko?”
“I can help her,” came Melody’s muffled voice.
“Then make haste,” said Mr. Conor. He bowed. “Ladies … try to have a good day off …”
And with that Melody’s geometry teacher turned on his heels, vanishing quickly into the gloom of the corridor.
Minutes later they emerged from the school into the cool morning air. At Yaeko’s home Melody waited as her best friend closed the door to her bathroom; moments later the sounds of running bathwater could be heard.
Her mind raced wildly as she paced back and forth in Yaeko’s room. The events of this morning were so momentous, so overwhelming, that they bled together, repeating and repeating in her mind’s eye, as though she were in a race car zooming around a tight track, a car with the gas pedal glued to the floor. 
She had rescued her best friend: she had killed three boys using the power of a symbol that was spiraling out of her control. She was—a killer? She … was a killer. A killer. She forced the thoughts from her brain, only to have them tear back seconds later. Mr. Conor saved us, she thought; he saved Yaeko; he saved me…. Otherwise, would I be in handcuffs, in jail? Mr. Conor came for me. What would’ve happened if he hadn’t come? It only occurred to her then that Mr. Conor had come to their rescue completely healthy, that despite the freakish seagull attack just this past weekend, he was completely normal, as if the attack hadn’t happened at all. Had he healed himself the same way he had healed Yaeko and the bullies? What was the extent of his own powers?
Yaeko suddenly emerged from the steam-filled bathroom, startling her, a contented smile on her face and a large blue towel wrapped around her slight form, a smaller yellow towel hiding her long black hair, twisted securely over it and draped over the back of the wheelchair. Exchanging smiles, Melody left to let her best friend dress. When the bedroom door opened ten minutes later, she forgot her manic thoughts entirely. Yaeko had been brutally beaten, her violin destroyed. The violin and bow were now sitting in her lap, whole and perfect again; and here was Yaeko—whole and perfect too. Her long black hair, which was still damp from the bath, framed her face beautifully. It suddenly occurred to Melody that Yaeko had never appeared handicapped or disabled to her in any way. Now, as Yaeko hefted the indestructible instrument as she placed it back into its case, Melody was struck at how she seemed less a musician wielding violin and bow than a great hunter wielding bow and arrow.
“Come, Melody,” said Yaeko softly. “It’s time I show you something.”
~~*~~
They were on the Pier, making their way along the center of its length, moving steadily towards its end a thousand feet away.
The marine layer was an imposing white wall miles offshore. The sea was like indigo glass, calm and secretive. The sky above them was turquoise and cloudless, the faded and smeared silver sliver of a new moon setting just over the top of the restaurant’s tower, beckoning them. The blue light in the tower grew brighter as they approached. Melody had never seen it on, except at night.
The Pier should’ve been bustling with humanity. It was not.
It was as though the entire structure—and the beach on both sides of it for as far as she could see—had been abandoned. They were completely alone.
They had come to the Pier together countless times. They had painted here, had taken silly photographs of one another here, had licked ice cream cones here while watching surfers zip through the curls of incoming waves. It was here, at the end of the Pier, Melody standing close to Yaeko, that they had watched many a glorious sunset in quiet and shared reverence. It was here they celebrated their joys and commiserated over their sorrows. 
But this visit was very, very different. And not because of the lack of people or the daytime presence of the blue light in the restaurant’s tower. No, this visit was extraordinary because in the year they had known each other, Yaeko had never played her Stradivarius for Melody here, on the Pier. But here Yaeko was at her side, at the very end of the Pier, removing the gleaming violin from its case and bringing it to her chin, bow at the ready. 
A violin recreated and made indestructible by Melody’s love. 
Yaeko took a deep, deep breath, as if steeling herself, and then smiled weakly up at her best friend.
“Close your eyes, Melody.”



Chapter 17
Emptying Into the Sea
In Melody’s life, the miraculous had always played parts far more suited to the mundane, the everyday: the constant, nurturing love of her mother; a life relatively free of struggle, of privation; a peaceful beachside community to grow up in; the breezy patter of winter rain upon her bedroom window late at night; sunsets. Melody took these and the many other quiet miracles of her life just as she approached her young days—gently, assuming nothing, the slight smile on her lips as if she were participating in some private, ironic joke between the gods, who happily conferred these many benedictions, and herself.
Her life had passed by largely without incident. There had been periods of grief and sorrow, of course: her parents’ divorce for one, her beloved grandfather’s untimely death for another. Both paled in comparison, however, to the ever-present loneliness she had suffered for so long, ostracized by her peers for her intelligence, her seriousness, her quiet intensity; loneliness now gone, but not without leaving scars behind.
Beyond her isolation, her days had been relatively carefree and quiet, days spent reading in her bedroom or looking at math problems well beyond her current understanding, or spent in school where she passed through the halls like a ghost, the teachers rarely, if ever, noticing her: classes where the high grades came as easily as the empty, insensate anonymity that seemed to cocoon her wherever she went.
But now that anonymity was gone—and with it the ordinarily miraculous that had defined her life. It was as if those tranquil, minor blessings that had comprised her entire existence before she discovered the aecxis were the many clear, pure springs bubbling into the forgotten little brook of her life, a brook that had disappeared—evaporated—in the rush of the incredible events of the past several days … of today. Of—now. 
And then there was Yaeko.
Melody had glanced at her best friend as she walked up the Pier with her. And it was then, as she watched Yaeko rolling intently forward, that the realization, like a fiery meteor, struck her. Yaeko was far, far greater than she had ever taken her for. In her best friend was such steadfast integrity, such unrestrainable inner passion and beauty, that Melody found herself shivering with the realization’s impact. Mr. Conor had called Yaeko Young Master. He had spoken it with the reverence due a guru—or a god. And it fit perfectly. And now, here at the end of the Pier, an even more powerful realization struck Melody, and she shivered again. For it came to her that Yaeko’s matchless talent playing the violin could not possibly compare to what resided deepest in Yaeko’s heart; and what was deepest in her heart was only now coming to full flower. For it was here, at Pier’s end, as Melody’s eyes were closed, as she listened very intently, unable to believe, to bring herself to believe, but believe she must, for there it was, coming from the violin, from the luminous spirit of the girl next to her, there it was … She knew with the very first note that sounded from Yaeko’s violin, she knew without the intermediary of language, directly, immediately, as one knows one’s own heartbeat, she knew with an intense joy bordering on physical agony that what resided deepest in Yaeko’s heart—was Melody herself.
The forgotten little brook that was once Melody Singleton was no more. It evaporated the instant Yaeko started playing her violin, when the music flowing from that now-indestructible instrument perfectly matched the music that had always been in her soul: the music that had laced her deepest dreams, the mysterious music she had hummed from the time she was a baby girl; the symphony she heard after falling into the powerful gaze of Harry Chin. It was the melody that, connected in spirit with her best friend, was now fulfilling its ultimate purpose: to once and for all open her essence to the very life source of the universe, to grant her the strength to face her doubts and fears, to shine a bright light on the iron courage of her own being, to verify its existence to her once and for all, to confirm and affirm that it indeed was hers, that it was real, more real than real; to show her what was truly possible through that courage; to grant her those possibilities; and because of that courage, to show her miracles beyond her wildest imaginings. And when she heard that melody she gasped: but the gasp expanded exponentially, swallowing her whole, swallowing the planet … And now she felt as though she could breathe … forever…. She was certain Yaeko felt it too…. She was unafraid; she was floating, immortal, immense….
For the forgotten little brook had not evaporated at all. It had simply emptied into the sea.
~~*~~
—Oh, Yaeko!—
~~*~~
Melody’s eyes were wide and glittering with tears. She was looking around, very slowly, her mouth hanging open, her breathing shallow as she took in the not-to-be-believed. Yaeko placed the Stradivarius and bow on her lap and reached for her friend’s limp hand.
The silver-green Pier to Forever stretched away from them into a distant navy-blue overcast that appeared hard, almost solid. The sun was just rising here, in this realm, behind them, out of sight behind the building, its light spread evenly and consumed in the coldness of the blue, so that it seemed they stood under a featureless dome. The islands to the southwest weren’t visible; neither was Saturn nor the towering spire over the water. Even the Great Arch, were they to turn around and look up, was hidden by the overcast. The skyscraper-like guard towers on either side of them appeared ominous and unfriendly in the half light. The air held a bit of a chill, just enough to raise goosebumps on bare arms.
When Melody could speak her words were choked with emotion. “Holy—cow…. Where … where are we? Is this ... is this real? … The—the Pier … it’s … what—what happened to it? My—gosh ... It … It goes on … it goes on—forever!”
And then she said: “Whoa ... this is way better than mending pencils....”
Yaeko sniffled.
Melody turned to look at her. Yaeko’s eyes were red and glassy, her cheeks streaked with moisture.
“Yaeko—what’s the matter? What’s wrong?”
Yaeko cried:
“The song, Melody. The song. Everybody who has heard it has ... has died. Everybody. I don’t want you to die, Melody!” She tightened her grip on Melody’s hand.
Melody knelt. She grabbed both her hands. The startling reality around her, as fantastic as it was, as powerfully as it called to her attention, as compelling as it was, had utterly vanished. Her best friend was in great pain—and nothing else in this or any other universe mattered now.
“Yaeko,” she said, “do you remember how I wanted to play you a song Monday, before that jerk and his gang showed up and ruined my chance?”
Yaeko nodded, sniffling again.
“That was the song, Yaeko. That was it! Yes! I’ve heard that song my entire life, ever since I can remember. So so serious! My mom said she heard it when I was conceived; she told me! Many times! She’s looked for the composer for thirteen years. She told me when she heard it, it felt like I just did, like I did with that dishwasher, like ... like my lungs were huge, like ... like I could ...”
“... breathe forever.”
They had spoken together.
They stared at each other.
“Do you know who the composer is, Yaeko? I could tell my mom. It would mean so much to her, she’s looked all her life and has never been able to find who wrote it. Who’s the composer?”
It was obvious that the words that came to Yaeko’s lips had to be dragged there kicking and screaming.
“... I—I’m the composer, Melody.”
Yaeko’s glistening eyes were very wide, filled with awed terror. She visibly shook. “I am,” she repeated, so quietly she did little more than mouth the words.
Melody goggled at her. “I ... I don’t understand.... How could that be true? You’re too young! You’re the composer? You are?”
Yaeko nodded convulsively, the tear streaming freely down her cheeks.
The news about Melody’s mom hearing the song at Melody’s conception seemed to shake Yaeko to her very core. She trembled and sobbed without sound.
“Oh, Yaeko ...” Melody pulled Yaeko’s head into her shoulder. They held each other for a long time.
“Please don’t die, Melody. Please ...”
And deep, deep within her being, she heard Melody’s earnest reply:
—I won’t die, Yaeko. We are One.—
—We are One, Melody.—
The exchange seemed to steady Yaeko, who ceased shaking at once.
“Besides,” said Melody, pulling back, “I told you: I’ve heard that song my entire life—and I haven’t died yet. And—” she smiled widely—“my mom hasn’t died yet, has she? And there’s one more who’s heard it and hasn’t died either.”
“Who—who’s that?” Yaeko sniffled heavily, wiping her eyes on her sleeve.
“You!” Melody beamed.
That seemed to steady Yaeko even more. Those exacting, inquisitive eyes sparkled back to life from behind the bright dome of glassy grief covering them. “I—I don’t understand any of this. How could your mom have heard it fourteen years ago? How could you?”
“I don’t know,” said Melody. “It’s a miracle—like this—” She gazed around herself. “When you played, Yaeko ... when you played I didn’t just hear you—that’s the other miracle—I heard ... it was like I could hear the ... the entire symphony....” 
Yaeko’s red eyes grew very wide. “That’s what Izumi used to tell me all the time,” she whispered.
“Your friend in Japan? That one that—?”
“Died in the car crash, yes,” said Yaeko quietly, shuddering. “He was my manager. I—I think he knew of this place, too.”
Melody stood. This new reality had reclaimed her attention. She stared around herself for a long time. Yaeko watched her, smiling gently, her cheeks still red and puffy.
“I’ve wanted to show you this for so long, Melody,” she said, “but I didn’t know how. I never thought I could muster the courage. I didn’t know if you’d think I was crazy. And—and then you showed me what you could do, with the aecxis and the feathers and the pencil ... and ... and ... I mean, it has to be connected, it has to be, don’t you think, Melody?”
“Oh my God—” whispered Melody.
“What? What is it?”
“The day I first met you …”
Yaeko looked down into her lap. After a time she nodded.
“You were here, not at the restaurant.”
Another nod.
“You were playing your violin—here.”
“Yes, Melody.” It was a whisper.
“You played … that song … your song ... and came … here.”
“Yes, Melody.”
“You were going to kill yourself, but instead you came here.” Melody had done it—she had named what both of them knew and to this point had refused to put into language.
Yaeko winced, but again nodded, barely, hesitatingly.
“You have been here many times since.”
Yaeko looked up. “I have always dreamed of this day, Melody. But I never thought it would happen. I always thought …”
A pause.
“I thought that I was … crazy. That’s why I never told you. Please, Melody, don’t be angry …”
Melody shook her head. “I’m not angry. I—I don’t know why. Maybe I should be. But ...” She gazed slowly around herself again. “... I’m not. It’s okay,” she said, looking at her. “To be truthful, I kind of feel upset at myself right now.”
“Why?”
“Because … because had you come to me and told me of this place, just out of the blue, I …”
She slapped a hand to her mouth.
“What? What is it?” asked Yaeko, looking very concerned.
“Last Saturday night, Yaeko! Last Saturday night, Mr. Conor asked me what I’d think if the Pier just kept going on, connecting kingdoms, lands, whole worlds! He knows about this place too, Yaeko!”
Yaeko whispered, “Serious …”
“So so serious!”
“Do you think Mr. Conor is from here too?”
“Wow ... What do you think? Do you think he is—if he knows of this, that is?”
But Yaeko could only shrug. Then, very quietly, she said, “Melody...?”
“Yes?”
“I ... I ... need you to know something. It feels really important for me to say it to you here and now.” 
She took a deep breath, steadying herself. 
“I named the song after you. It’s titled Melody. It’s your song. When I met you that day, the first day I came here, I knew it: I knew it was yours.”
Melody’s mouth barely curled upward, but her eyes were bright with gratitude.
“No, Yaeko. It isn’t just my song. It’s our song.” She nodded once, emphatically, as if to settle the matter once and for all. “It’s ours.”
They smiled at each other, a final affirmation that needed no further discussion, and together turned to face the impossible.
They held hands silently for a long time, the Pier to Forever reaching away into the dark stained glass of a new, alien day.



Presently Melody pointed at the top of the right guard tower. “Look, Yaeko!”
Yaeko glanced up. Melody was pointing at the enormous flag waving proudly shoreward at the tower’s summit.
“They’re the same,” said Yaeko, nodding up at the left tower.
The flags were bright white. Each sported the same design, very like a coat of arms. In the center of each, and obviously the primary symbol, was a bird—a great black-and-white seahawk, its wings spread in flight as though swooping down on prey. One of the seahawk’s outstretched talons was blood-red and dripping. The seahawk flew above an odd, rather ornate rendering of the planet Saturn. The planet was striped orange and blue, and outlined by—wrapped by? —a fierce-looking snake with red eyes. Sitting on the rings was a long, spiny lizard, also fearsome, also with red eyes. The tails of each met and curled about one another. Arranged in an arc that conformed to the sphere of the planet, and just beneath it, were ten blue stars, outlined in yellow. Below these was a single green line, outlined in silver, which ran the length of the bottom of the flag. On both sides of the flag were two green triangles, also outlined in silver, both very thin and tall. Elaborate black flourishes of ellipses rose on either side of these, ending at regal crests at the flag’s top.
“I wonder if they’re the flags of one of the kingdoms Mr. Conor talked about that night on the Pier,” said Melody, staring upward.
“Let’s hope it’s a good kingdom,” she added warily.
“I’m pretty sure it is,” said Yaeko. “Or, at the very least, I hope it is.” She glanced back over her shoulder for a second before looking up at her best friend. “Come, Melody,” she said. “There’s so, so much I have to show you. Let’s go …” She returned her violin to its case and then to the back pouch of the wheelchair, stowing the bow next to it. She turned her wheelchair about, moving back towards the building and along the wooden Pier.
“We’re—wait, hold up, Yaeko! We’re not going to walk along this—?” Melody pointed down the Pier to Forever, her eyes wide with anticipation.
“Not just yet. There’s other things I want to show you first. They’re this way, back along the regular Pier. I’m certain you’ll find them very interesting. By the way, are you afraid of heights?”
“Heights? Uh … I don’t think so …” Melody looked puzzled. “I mean, I was the only one in my class that wasn’t freaked out by the ropes course we did last year. Remember me telling you? But—what could make me afraid of heights this way?”
But Yaeko didn’t answer. She only said, “Good. Follow me. You have got to see this.”
~~*~~
It wasn’t difficult to guess what Melody was thinking as they made their way back down the Imperial Beach Pier. Or perhaps what she wasn’t thinking. Or perhaps that she was thinking at all. Yaeko had heard her sharp intake of breath as the ultra-near horizon marking the very edge of the world became immediately obvious as they rounded the restaurant, made even sharper by the featureless blue overcast hugging it tightly. Now, as they made their way between the black cliffs and into the mile-wide band of still desert between them and that edge, she kept looking left, looking right …
When they came upon the first of many skeletons, she finally spoke, her voice anxious and unsteady.
“Skeletons … holy cow. And … sailing ships! And is that … is that space out there? I mean, sometimes the clouds part … and … it’s black, like night … out—out there.... And—”
She froze in place, her eyes as wide as they could go. She was staring into the baked desert, at one of the tattered sails in the distance, one half buried in a dune, the other partially lodged in the split of a house-sized boulder. The free section, discolored and burned, fluttered in the steady breeze, lifting off the boulder impatiently, struggling to get free. The sail had a symbol on it. And though a good portion of the symbol was buried, burned, or trapped, it was terrifyingly unmistakable: a broadsword thrust down through the center of a flaming ring.
“Yaeko ...” she whispered, pointing.
“Yes,” said Yaeko simply.
“They’re from here!” Melody yelled. “The seagulls!”
“Yes, Melody.”
“Do ... do you think we’re in danger?”
“I don’t think so. I’ve been here a lot. It may sound naive, and maybe it is, but I don’t think we are in any danger.”
Melody had trouble tearing her eyes away from the sail. She did, and found others out there, also with the angry symbol on them. Her heart thumped so wildly she felt faint. She glanced at Yaeko.
“Why not?” she asked.
“The flags on top of the guardtowers.”
She noted Melody’s disbelieving expression, and continued:
“I know it sounds silly, Melody. But ... they make me feel ... safe. Like the blue tower light on top of the restaurant. Did you notice that it’s on in this reality too?”
“Wow,” Melody nodded, “it didn’t even occur to me how strange that is—or that the wooden Pier is here, too! Is the light always on when you come here?”
“Yes. And it makes me feel really good that it is for some reason. It feels like ... like an anchor, like home is anchored with this reality. The flags are kind of like that too. They’re colorful and clean and someone’s obviously taking care of them. And those with that ugly symbol—the symbol that was on the chests of the seagulls that attacked Mr. Conor—they’re out there, tattered and burned and buried. It’s like the good guys won, the bad guys lost. These must be their ships, all smashed and scattered everywhere. This must’ve been a battlefield of some sort—and the bad guys lost.”
“That’s awfully hopeful,” said Melody. Then: “Do you think Mr. Conor is one of the good guys?”
“It would follow, wouldn’t it?”
“I suppose ...” But Melody still looked very worried.
Yaeko noticed. She said, “I’ve been here a lot, Melody—and I’ve never been attacked. If Mr. Conor is from here, then it’s a sure bet he’s one of the good guys. He’s one of the citizens whose flags fly on the guardtowers. Don’t you think so too?”
“I ... I suppose so. I hope so—for our sake,” said Melody. She took a deep breath, steadying herself, and then changed the subject by asking, “Is ... is that ... space out there?” She pointed weakly.
“I think so,” said Yaeko. “This world isn’t round … it’s flat.”
“That’s impossible.”
But Yaeko didn’t respond.
Several minutes passed. They moved around sand dunes piled high against the alien Pier’s guardrails. The skeletons were more numerous here, the crushed eighteenth century-type battleships and scattered armaments and sails too. The edge was alarmingly sudden and immediate, terrifying and omnipresent. But so too those ships, and these forgotten souls sprawled here and there and … everywhere…. Finally Melody stopped, hugging herself against the slight chill. “Yaeko—I’m ... I’m scared.”
But Yaeko didn’t seem scared at all. Instead she said, “Look over the guardrail—” she pointed to her right—“and tell me what you see. I just noticed it last time I came here.”
Melody, emboldened by her best friend’s courage, by her unapologetic naivete, turned and walked around a small sand dune to the south railing of the Pier to Forever. She could hear the tires of Yaeko’s wheelchair grinding over the thin layer of sand beneath them as she followed. Yaeko gained the railing next to her and craned her head to look down. “What do you see?”
Melody peered over the railing.
Twenty or so feet below her were patches of sand covering hard, baked, lifeless earth. The earth was yellow in color, and cracked. Cacti rose in bristly clumps of stiff green stalks here and there. But—sure enough … between the dunes, running in a jagged diagonal line back towards the ocean, was—
“A trail!”
“That’s what I think it is too,” said Yaeko. “And look … there. See it? Up by that high rock overlooking the water?”
“Where—?” Melody followed Yaeko’s pointing finger. “Oh, yeah!” she said, squinting. “It’s ...a cross! A cross! Like … a … a …”
“Gravesite.” Yaeko’s voice was solemn.
The cross was barely visible from here, which was the only vantage point that any part of it could be seen. The trail appeared to wind right to it. The cross seemed to be comprised of rock—the same black rock that rose in jumbles to create the cliffs over the ocean behind them, lava rock or something similar.
“I wonder if it’s someone Mr. Conor knows,” said Melody.
Yaeko shrugged.
“Seems silly, though,” Melody added, looking around. “Why have only one grave, when thousands more are needed?” She continued her survey. “These skeletons are creeping me out ... some of them aren’t even human.” 
“Those scare me too,” said Yaeko. “They look like devils, like demons. Totally evil, horrible.”
“What do you think killed them?”
“No idea,” answered Yaeko. “I’m just glad something did.” And then she said: “Let’s go to the edge. There are more ships there, ships that must’ve washed over the edge onto a platform way beneath us.”
She moved away from the railing, but Melody stood still, subdued and silent.
“Yaeko ... this place. I can’t … it’s … I can’t accept it. It’s too much. That spire way out there, in the blackness, in … in … space. It must be hundreds of miles away! And I can see it! And—and that arch thingy way above us! It’s huge! And the Pier … and …”
“Turn around, Melody. Look back where the grave is. The haze is breaking. Look over the grave, into the sky.”
Melody turned. The marine layer, which had stubbornly blanketed the view south since they had arrived, was finally parting. She couldn’t figure out why wide, unfocused swaths of pink and yellow and purple kept phasing through that leaden-blue dome; now, as she watched, it came clear. Saturn was only partly settled into the landscape, and much of it was still behind the multicolored overcast, but enough of it was visible so that she could see some of its rings, too—rings which were almost edge-on with her line of site, giving them the appearance of a vast curving highway, one she could simply step on right now if she so desired, so close did they appear. The indistinct sunlight overhead had washed the great planet of its colors and splendor, like looking at it through a veil, but even so, the spectacle was awesome.
“Holy …”
Yaeko giggled. Melody had just used a word that she, Yaeko, used to spit at the nurses and the physical therapist in her efforts to master pull-ups.
~~*~~
They inched to the very edge of the world, hugging themselves surely against the north guardrail, until the invisible barrier of atmosphere refused to let them push out any farther. Both looked at each other in amazement as they felt the breath of a hot breeze caress them from that barrier … from—beyond it? On either side of them, and running away for as far away as they could see, the great cliff edge of the world dropped in enormous, jagged steps, dropping, dropping … to a massive silver-green platform at least a thousand feet below. Large wooden battleships had crashed down there, on the platform, thrown there by a mighty hand and crushed by the long fall; they appeared as a two-year-old’s tiny toys, trampled underfoot and forgotten. Tens of miles in the distance, north or south, the platform itself ended. Beyond were pinpoints of distant stars, the boundless depths of space, cut at bottom by a wide horizontal band far, far out, darker still than the space surrounding it and over the platform itself. The Pier to Forever receded away through the keyhole, through its middle, situated over the platform, for as far as they could see. The sight was daunting, terrifying. Yaeko noticed that Melody was staring along it, as the parallel lines of the guardrails met in a point in the shadow of a spire, too far away to be real. Melody was shaking, and unaware of it.
“Why build a pier … into space?” she whispered. “Why haven’t we been sucked out into it, into the vacuum? What’s holding us back? This … all this … it just doesn’t make sense.”
She glanced at Yaeko.
“A flat world? Spires taller—much taller, they have to be! —than Mount Everest? A wooden pier that can be two places at once sandwiched in-between—this thing?” She swept her arm out from her body. “And—and Saturn! I’ve studied Saturn in science class, Yaeko! I did a project on it last year! It’s, like, a billion miles from the sun! We should be frozen! Or cooked by its magnetic field! Or crushed flat from its gravity! And here we are, practically sitting on its rings! Why haven’t astronomers seen this world? None of this is possible!”
“Yes, Melody. I kept saying the same thing for a long time after I first came here. Sometimes I still do. It’s impossible, like a dream or something. It’s … it’s just like me losing a week when I first came here. We haven’t talked about that yet. The time displacement. It just doesn’t seem possible. I came here that first time and stayed only … What? What is it?”
Melody’s face had drained of color, the pupils of her eyes lost in a sea of horrified white. Her voice thick with panic, she yelled, “We’ve got to go back, Yaeko! I can’t be gone a WEEK! My mother will have a conniption fit! C’mon! Yaeko, c'mon—!”
“No, it’s okay. It’s okay! Calm down. We won’t lose a week. It’s okay. Serious … c’mon, calm down. We’ll gain a couple hours when we go back. The times are nearly even today. I checked. I’m sorry; I should have told you earlier.”
“Huh?” gulped Melody, her face tight with alarm.
“The times between Earth and … here aren’t the same, aren’t constant. They vary. It’s a sine curve. I figured it out! It’s really weird. I’ll show you the watch when we go back. Let’s go …”
But she didn’t move when Yaeko rolled past her. She stared blankly at the silver-green pier at her feet instead, then said: “Sine curve?”
“Huh? Yeah! It’s a sine curve. Very predictable. I—”
“A sine curve,” Melody repeated.
Something about that term really bothered her. She couldn’t figure out why, but the thought … hurt her head, made her eyes sting. “A sine curve …” She blinked as if dust were in her eyes.
“Are you okay, Melody?”
It took a moment for the question to register. She glanced at Yaeko, then around herself again.
“You’re sure we’re okay? I mean, we’re not going to lose a week? You’re sure-sure, Yaeko?”
“I’m sure-sure, Melody.”
“You said something about a watch?”
“Yes. There’s one back at the restaurant, under that cart thingy they use to drive the old people up the Pier. I’ve hidden it under one of the seats. When we go back to the … uh … ‘normal’ reality it’ll reflect the difference between our time and here.” Yaeko held up her wrist; the sleeve of her red sweatshirt came down enough to reveal the thin gold band of a wristwatch. “I brought the watch here, long ago, to take measurements. It’s Elizabeth’s, she hasn’t missed it. Come on, I’ll show you.” She noted the trace of panic remaining in Melody’s eyes and smiled reassuringly. “Don’t worry! I have so much to show you! C’mon …”
~~*~~
They were back at the restaurant. Melody watched as Yaeko fumbled under the middle cushion in the second row of bench seats, producing a woman’s wristwatch moments later. The watch had no band. She handed it to Melody.
“Now—here’s the totally weird part,” she said. “Look at the time.”
Melody glanced at the time. It read ten past eleven. Yaeko said, “Eleven-ten?”
“Mmhmm,” replied Melody.
“When we go back, we’ll look at it again. It’ll flip you out. See? Look at my watch. They both read the same time: ten past eleven. Watch what happens when we go back.”
“Yaeko … none of this is … is possible.”
“I know, Melody,” said Yaeko quietly, taking the watch from her bewildered friend. “And yet, here we are. We’re not crazy. I think … I mean …”
Melody waited.
Yaeko took a deep breath.
“I think we’re meant to be here,” she said. “You—you have your extraordinary powers. They aren’t from Earth, are they? How many kids do you know are capable of making silver lightning shoot out their fingertips?”
Melody winced.
“And I—I have my violin! But how can a violin open up an entirely new dimension, a totally new reality? It’s silly, stupid! But—here we are. And here this—this reality—is! What do you think?”
“I don’t know, Yaeko. It’s just ... too much.”
Yaeko placed the wristwatch back under the middle cushion of the electric cart and then turned back. “Melody,” she said quietly, “do you remember our conversation last night, the one where I was so frightened of you dying, of losing you?”
Melody nodded.
“What did you say then? Do you remember?”
“I said that we belong together. That we weren’t meant to be back there—Earth, whatever—dealing with idiots and bullies and bad teachers, but doing something—”
“—really important.” Yaeko’s gaze was intense. “Here, Melody. Mr. Conor knows it. He has to. If he knows about this place, then he knows how important you are to it. He has to.”
“And you, Yaeko. You, too.”
“Mr. Conor doesn’t know about me.”
But Melody wasn’t paying attention. She was looking around herself again. “We do have something important to do,” she said, “I know it. I can feel it. Perhaps it is here, like you said.” She stared at Yaeko. “We’ve heard the same song—the song you wrote—all our lives. We met here, in Imperial Beach—where it just so happens an infinite pier is attached to this one! I have the aecxis. You have your violin. Do you really think Mr. Conor knows what we have to do?”
“What you have to do, Melody,” Yaeko winked without a smile. “Remember—Mr. Conor doesn’t know about me, about what I can do.”
“But he will. And it can’t just be me, Yaeko. Mr. Conor doesn’t know the whole story. You’re just as important as I am. You have to be. Probably even more.”
“Why do you say that?”
Melody gaped. “Are you kidding? You have the power to come here … to bring others. At the very least, to bring me. Surely that is as powerful as anything I can do … like—like … hurting those punks.” But she didn’t speak proudly of it. Yaeko noticed that she shook her head slightly as she spoke the words, her voice becoming much quieter as she said “hurting.”
She rolled forward and grabbed Melody’s hand. “Come, Melody,” she said, “let’s take a walk.”
Melody came back to herself, smiling reluctantly. “I want to,” she said, not looking at her. “Let’s go.”
~~*~~
They moved along the Pier to Forever, looking back often, the tall, flag-topped guard towers on either side of the Imperial Beach Pier framing it like a picture or a portal into space, the Great Arch skying high, high overhead. With the edge of the world so close, so startling, the view resembled something Melody thought she’d see on the cover of a fantasy or science-fiction novel. She had to keep telling herself: But this is real. It’s real!
The marine layer over the ocean had thickened and was much lower now, once again occluding Saturn to the southwest and completely blotting out the sun, which was settling indistinctly into the afternoon. A steady breeze, rich with brine, had kicked up, making the steel-blue waves beneath the girls choppy and without fixed form, a surfer’s greatest frustration. The great seaward spire had been behind that layer for much of the day, appearing only in sudden, startling intervals, like a sentinel, then to disappear again. The Pier to Forever was much wider than the wooden Pier behind them, probably a couple of hundred feet across, and they zigzagged between the railings, looking over the edge of each many times. Melody had touched the guardrail at one point—and the noise like a great waterfall roared suddenly into existence, the water beneath them white and foaming with furious activity for as far as the girls could see. Melody jumped back, terrified. Yaeko giggled.
“It’s like—” Melody approached the edge very cautiously, looking over it; she had to yell over the noise—“like I spooked a trillion fish or something!”
The roar cut off, leaving them only with the steady southerly breeze, which seemed to be diminishing a little.
Melody hadn’t spoken until then. Yaeko had refused to disturb her. She knew what was on her mind. She waited.
Minutes later, Melody asked:
“Did you see the Pier this morning? Or the beach? Or the plaza?”
“Yes. They were entirely empty, deserted, like—”
“—like we were expected. But how—?”
“I don’t know, Melody,” answered Yaeko, thinking: It’s coming soon. I can feel it. She said: “You said we have something important to do. We both know it. Just like we both know our song. Now we’re here—together. Together, Melody.”
They walked on.
The sun was several hours past its zenith when they turned to go back, a diffuse yellow blot in the impatiently shifting opaque haze. Turning around, the thin coastline stood as the last remaining barrier between them and the huge arching porthole of open space. The restaurant with its tiny blue light seemed almost ludicrous against its enormity, the giant towers on each side still unfriendly and imposing even at this distance. But even they were humbled by the horizon, ever sharp, ever intimidating. The sky was a blurry, banded rainbow of colors to the south; to the north, it appeared to be raining. The breezes had died away, leaving both girls with the impression that a storm was gathering and would soon be upon them. Despite that, Melody walked slowly, as if deeply reluctant to return home, to face what was waiting for her there. Finally she stopped. She glanced at Yaeko—Yaeko could see the distress in that glance—and turned on her heels, walking to the north guardrail fifty feet away. Yaeko silently followed her.
Melody touched the top of the angled rail gingerly, waiting for the mysterious roaring frenzy to boil back to life below her. When it didn’t return, she leaned into the guardrail fully, looking out over the sea. Where San Diego should have been in the distance was an abandoned swath of green, lush land pressed against that ever-present edge. Yaeko rolled up behind her. A long time passed. Not looking back, Melody, speaking dully, said, “I’m a killer, Yaeko.”
“No, Melody …”
“Yes. Yes I am.” She turned to face her friend. “I didn’t need to kill those boys. I knew it even as I approached them. I could’ve just—” she waved her hand dismissively as though swatting away pesky gnats—“I could’ve just swatted them away. It would’ve been very easy. But I didn’t. I killed them. I wanted to kill them.”
She turned back around. Overhead, seagulls circled placidly, occasionally crying over the sloshing sounds of the sea below as it slopped up against the neverending Pier. Yaeko said nothing for a long time. But finally she offered: “You came to my rescue, Melody. You saved me. The gang leader was going to rape me. ‘Swatting them away’ wouldn’t have done anything. They got nothing less than they deserved.”
Melody wheeled about. Her eyes were wet with moisture, her cheeks red. “I can’t help it, Yaeko! I keep hearing my mom and dad: ‘They’re just misguided kids. They deserve another chance. Violence is never the answer.’ What would you say to that, to them?”
“I’d say, Melody,” Yaeko rolled even closer, her eyes now fierce with anger, “that with all due respect to your parents, they are ‘misguided kids’ who got nothing less than they deserved. They are ‘misguided kids’ who were very, very fortunate that Mr. Conor showed up and brought them back to life—an infinitely precious life, but one they hold in complete contempt. Look,” she rolled right up to Melody’s knees; Melody had never seen those eyes quite so severe; “you know the truth. Those jerks come from homes where instead of heart, of love, of life, of integrity, they get, and celebrate, nonstop mindless distractions instead: video games and skateboards and tattoos and drugs. And on and on and on. My first guardian was like that—remember her? Adele D. Hoffman? She’s more than old enough to know the truth—and to choose it. And so are those bullies. You know this. It’s their entire culture—their culture, Melody, not ours. It’s a culture that calls hate love and gangsterism individuality, that worships the lowest common denominator, that despises beauty and art and true nobility. And love—that they smash against the wall and spit on and grind beneath their heels. The truth? Let’s talk about the truth, Melody. The truth they bury within themselves. They bury it, and then they call the decaying filth layered over it the truth. And if you live the truth, like you and I do, they try to beat it or rape it out of you. But the truth doesn’t die, Melody. It’s eternal. They know it, too. It’s the same truth that would tell them—if they ever had the courage to truly listen, which I doubt will ever happen; and the truth inside you now—that they got exactly what they deserved.”
Melody said nothing. Her stare was hard; it matched the expression on her face.
“You did the right thing, Melody,” Yaeko went on. “Those bullies were looking for you. They were going to rape you for what you did to that Heffledorf creep. They never should have been in that hallway looking for trouble. The trouble they got—the trouble that will be with them forever—is exactly the trouble they came looking for. Her name is Melody Singleton. They got precisely what they came looking for.”
A long silence followed.
“May I ask you a question, Melody?”
Melody nodded, wiping her eyes.
“If it happened again …”
“… would I do the same thing?”
“… or would you, as you said, merely ‘swat them away’?”
Melody’s stare intensified further. When she answered moments later, her voice was low. 
“I’d do the same thing.”
Yaeko nodded.
“Melody?”
“Yes?”
“Perhaps this is the wrong time to bring this up, but I … when you were coming down the hallway, I … I couldn’t look into your eyes. They were these blue glowing rings and … and it hurt badly when I tried. I mean, much worse than those gangbangers’ kicks and punches. Like my very soul was in danger.”
“I’m sorry, Yaeko. I didn’t mean to hurt you too!” Melody sighed heavily, exasperated. “I never want to hurt you. I’m so sorry ...”
“It’s okay. I was just thinking: Mr. Conor warned you about the aecxis—that it could destroy you—and me too.”
“Y-Yes.” Melody’s voice shook.
“Surely it must be here that you must learn to control it, don’t you agree?”
“I’m sure that’s what Mr. Conor is thinking. I still can’t believe he knows about this place!”
“Me too.”
“C’mon,” said Melody resignedly, “let’s be going. My mother is probably wondering where I am.” Then she asked: “How do we get back?”
Yaeko smiled. Melody thought how good it felt to see it just now. Yaeko said, “The same way we came, of course! Except I don’t play Melody, I play Beethoven.”
Melody laughed in spite of the burning angst she was feeling. “Which one?”
“Do you remember Violin Romance No. 2?”
“No.”
“You will. It’s one of your favorites. It’s the same song you heard the day you met me.”
Melody said, “For some reason today feels like that day.”
Yaeko’s smile wavered perceptibly. “Let’s be going, Melody,” she said.
~~*~~
They glanced at each other just feet from the half-melted-looking interface separating the wood of an ordinary Pier from the endless silver-green matter of impossibility.
“Ready to go back?” asked Yaeko.
Melody took one more long look around. “I don’t know. I’m afraid, Yaeko. I’m afraid of what I’m becoming … of … of what I’ve become….”
“You’re my hero, Melody,” Yaeko said simply. Her face was somber and earnest. “You could’ve run away earlier today. You didn’t. You came and rescued me. You didn’t run away yesterday at school. The aecxis is only bringing out that part deep inside you, the hero. I’m certain of it. You’re my hero, Melody. Come here.”
Melody turned to face her best friend, moving in front of her. Yaeko was holding her arms out, like she wanted to hug her. Melody leaned over. Yaeko tossed her arms around her neck, held her cheek close to Melody’s own. Melody went to say, “Thank you, Yaeko—” but Yaeko interrupted: “Ready? Lift up. Seriously! Lift up. I want to stand.”
Melody leaned back, her eyes wide. “Seriously?”
Yaeko nodded happily. “So so seriously. I want to stand. I’ve wanted to surprise you, but I didn’t think I was ready. I’ve been practicing at home for a couple of months now—or trying to. I’ve been able to stand for a few minutes at a time. It takes a long, long time to get up and I need a rail or something. And if I fall—and I’ve done that a lot—sometimes I have to wait till Elizabeth gets home to help me back into my chair. And then she gets upset with me. I’ve been able to move my feet a little more after each time I come here. And today, after those bullies, after Mr. Conor healed me … I could move them even more, like six inches or something! So I … want to try. I want to try here, with you. What? What is that face about? I’m serious!”
Melody couldn’t help but think of Yaeko again as she rolled up the Pier next to her earlier in the day. The integrity, the passion, the beauty. The grace. The humility. The challenge. Her anguish had vanished. Yaeko was looking straight into her soul. 
Melody said: “I have a hard time believing you exist sometimes.”
Yaeko smiled warmly. And then she said, “Ready? Lift me up.”
Melody lifted, her hands firmly under Yaeko’s underarms. Yaeko wasn’t heavy at all. She came up easily. Yaeko Mitsaki … was standing. Her legs visibly shook, her body trembling in her arms, but—she was standing. She hugged Melody close and then laughed in her ear. “I’ve dreamed of this,” she whispered joyously, “I’ve dreamed of this for so long…. Now,” she pulled back to look in her eyes, “I … want to play. I … I think I can stand long enough for you to get my violin. Will you—please?”
“I’m afraid to let you go,” said Melody, looking down between their bodies. “I don’t want you to fall!”
“Oh, who cares! I’ve fallen so much I’m pretty sure my bottom is permanently black and blue. I’ll be okay! I want to play. Now—hurry!”
Without warning, she released her. Melody stepped back, her hand convulsively reaching to steady her, but Yaeko laughed, shouting, “Hurry!”
Melody rushed around the wheelchair to grab the violin case. She came back around to face her. “Open it. Hurry! I’ll need you to sit behind me, for support. Don’t worry—the brake is on. Would that be okay?”
Melody stooped and placed the violin case on the not-stone, not-wood walkway of the Pier to Forever. She extracted the Stradivarius with great haste, bringing it and the bow up to Yaeko, who grasped them uneasily. Melody came behind her hastily and, sitting, placed her hands firmly just above Yaeko’s hips. “I’ve got you, Yaeko,” she said, feeling her friend tremble. “I’ve got you. Go ahead. Are you okay? Can you play?”
“I’ve waited so long …” came the whispered reply. Then: “I’m okay, Melody. I can play. I’ll always play. This may sound really sh-shaky…. R-Ready?”
“Ready,” said Melody behind her, wondering how in the world she, Melody, could possibly be seen as a hero in the eyes of the trembling girl playing Beethoven before her now.



Chapter 18
Recognition
Melody watched in amazement as the sky above her dissolved into a hard, bright, turquoise blue as she stepped back onto the Imperial Beach Pier. Yaeko was next to her. She watched Melody as Melody watched the sky. Melody looked about, stunned. There was nothing but ocean now behind her where moments earlier an endless pier reached towards a great spire lost in chilly, restless haze. She glanced at Yaeko. “Unbelievable.”
“Yes. Especially after that rendition,” said Yaeko, shaking her head self-reproachfully. “Thank you for holding me up, Melody.”
Melody glanced back over her shoulder, then turned around fully to stare past the end of the Pier over the open Pacific Ocean. After a time she said, “It’s like I was dreaming or something …” She gazed expectantly at Yaeko. “When can we go back?”
“Anytime, Melody,” said her friend with a nod. Then she added: “Come. I must show you this …” She wheeled towards the long electric cart next to the restaurant, Melody following. The Pier was crowded once more with fishermen and sightseers, and the girls had to first negotiate around a large group of Japanese tourists wielding digital cameras and noisily making their way around the back of the restaurant. Nobody was staring at her and Melody: they had crossed the interface without being noticed.
Yaeko finally gained the cart and, fishing under the middle seat, pulled out the same watch she had shown Melody just a few hours earlier, handing it to her. “What’s it say?” she asked.
Melody studied the watch. “Two forty-five.”
“I looked at my watch just before we crossed back over. It said four-thirty. Look at it now.” She presented her wrist to Melody. Melody bent slightly to read the digital display: 4:42. “We … lost time?” she asked, incredulous.
“Something like that, yeah,” said Yaeko. “But—that world … its days are longer, too. In any case, the sine curve is nearly at zero, meaning the time displacement between this world and that one is nearly nonexis—what?”
“The graph in Mr. Conor’s office!” yelled Melody. “That sine curve! I remember now! Yaeko, Mr. Conor has a graph of a sine curve in his classroom! I saw it! It must be the same one you’ve plotted! There’s a photo of the Pier right next to it! I nearly blew it up!”
Yaeko couldn’t help but smile at that. Melody shook her head. “I guess that sounds kind of stupid …”
“Not at all,” giggled Yaeko. “You’ve been through too much recently. I’m not helping by laughing. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. It is silly. I mean it was, until I saw … that,” she motioned behind herself. “I just don’t know what I’ll say to Mr. Conor tomorrow. I mean … after what happened today, and then this … Do you think I should tell him, Yaeko? Should we?”
“That we know about the Pier, you mean?”
Melody nodded.
“I don’t know,” said Yaeko after some thought. “Do you think he’ll get angry or something?”
Melody shrugged. “I don’t know.” Then: “I don’t know how I’m going to face him, knowing this! After what happened today too! Had he not showed up, I’d be in jail right now!”
“That’s doubtful,” said Yaeko. “I mean, who’d believe you? What you did was beyond anything anybody’s ever seen before!”
“But Mr. Conor is a Mathematician too,” said Melody with a hint of desperation in her voice. “You don’t think he’s ever … done what I—I did?”
“I don’t know, Melody.”
“I wonder how many other people are Mathematicians ...”
But Yaeko could only shrug again. She said, “It can’t be many.”
“Why do you say that?”
“There’d be nothing but ashes left of the world!” said Yaeko, laughing. But Melody didn’t join in.
“Do you think he’ll … tell on me?”
“I don’t think so, Melody. I sure hope not anyway….”
Melody’s face was filled with worry.
“I don’t want to go home, Yaeko,” she said. “I’m … I’m scared of the aecxis. Of my temper. Of Mr. Conor! I’m … I’m afraid the next time I get angry I’ll kill someone else!”
Yaeko rolled close to her. “It’ll be okay, Melody. Remember what Mr. Conor said? Your fear is your ally now. You must heed it. And I’ll be with you, I promise.”
“Serious?”
“So so serious.”
“Should we ... go home now?”
“I think so. Your mother is probably wondering where you are. And we haven’t been at my house since this morning, so if she’s called, no one has answered. Elizabeth is working the rest of this week, remember?”
“Right,” said Melody.
“C’mon,” said Yaeko, “let’s go back to your house. I’ll stay with you if you want. I don’t want you to feel scared. Would you like that?”
“Of course,” smiled Melody through her nerves. “We’ve both had a really big day. Maybe tonight will be calmer. I’ve got a ton to think about.”
“That’s how I first felt,” said Yaeko. “But now we can think these things out—together. Let’s be going.”
~~*~~
At the driveway of Melody’s home they halted.
“Somebody’s here,” said Melody, pointing. A navy blue Jaguar sedan, an older model, impeccably maintained and shiny, sat in the driveway next to her mother’s Toyota Corolla. The girls glanced at each other, and then started cautiously towards the front door. The main door was open, leaving only the screen door. Melody couldn’t see past the screen, but could hear the low rumble of a man’s voice coming from inside it. He was chuckling … a familiar chuckle….
She cautiously opened the screen door, admitting Yaeko, who silently rolled through the short, narrow hallway. Melody was right behind her. As they emerged into the small dining room both girls stopped on a dime, their eyes wide as saucers.
Her mom was sitting on the couch in the adjacent living room in front of them; and sitting on the lounger to her left, with his back to them, sipping a cold drink, was—
Mr. Conor turned about as Maggie said, “Hi, Yaeko. Hey, Mellow-Yellow. Girls, look who’s here …”
“Ladies,” he nodded, his Irish accent pronounced and quite odd in her home. “Come,” he motioned, “come and have a seat and join us.”
“We’ve been waiting for you, wondering where you’ve been,” said Maggie. “Mr. Conor dropped by—what, an hour ago? —thinking he’d find you two here. He told me he has something very important to share with all of us. I’ve been waiting with baited breath to hear it! Come on, come on! Have a seat!”
Mr. Conor stood and turned to look at the girls full-on. When he glanced at Melody his gaze for an instant turned bone-chillingly serious. Then he smiled and winked. Yaeko had noticed that deadly gaze as well. She glanced at Melody (who didn’t notice), her black eyes full of concern.
He said: “If you lasses will excuse me for a moment, I’ve got something in the back of my car I’d like to show you.”
And with that he strode past them and down the hallway and out the door. It slammed shut with a loud wooden clatter. The noise made Melody jump.
Her mother was studying her.
“Bug, are you okay? You look like you’re going to be sick or something. How are those scratches on your face from the explosion feeling?”
Melody hadn’t thought once of her injuries during this amazing day. She absentmindedly went to finger the worst of them—a three-inch-long cut running just over her left eyebrow. Another shock: it was completely gone. So were all the others, which had been along her chin and on her right cheek. As if the explosion in the geometry classroom had never happened. She held back her surprise, keeping her glance from her mother’s patient smile, who hadn’t noticed—or couldn’t see from where she was sitting—the change. Melody’s heart was pounding so loudly she felt like she’d have to yell over it to be heard. When she got her throat working she gulped and instead of answering the question, asked, “Wh—What’s h-he doing here?”
Her mother shrugged, smiling. “Beats me, girl. When the doorbell rang an hour ago I thought it was Yaeko come looking for you, but then I thought that couldn’t be the case since you two are practically joined at the hip. Imagine my surprise when I saw it was Aedan! Did you see him? He looks like he just be-bopped over here from the Silver Strand Gym instead of spending a weekend bleeding all over the emergency room! It’s incredible! I’ve never seen anybody heal that fast! Not a single scratch on him—though his shirt and tie are probably hiding the worst of them…. When he first came in I thought you were in even more trouble—I mean, he looked so serious at first—but he assured me that wasn’t the case….”
Both Melody and Yaeko swallowed hard, trying not to look at each other.
“He told me he had something he wanted to share with us, so I’ve just been waiting for you to show. He insisted you be here before he reveals this Big Surprise—” her eyes opened wide for a second in mock suspense—“so let’s get comfortable. Bug, before you sit, why don’t you pour yourself and Yaeko some cold lemonade? It’s in the fridge, fresh-made. Melody? Girl? Hel-lo? Is anybody in there? Are you okay?” She snapped her fingers several times. “C’mon, let’s hop to and be a good host to Yaeko.”
Now the girls glanced at each other. And though their mouths were drier than the desert at the edge of the world, the last thing either wanted was refreshment.
“Go on, Yaeko,” mumbled Melody, feeling faint. “I’ll get us some lemonade.”
As Yaeko rolled down the ramp Melody’s mother had installed allowing her to negotiate the single step down into the living room, Melody turned and walked stiffly into the kitchen. She retrieved two clean glasses from the cabinet, turned and pulled open the door to the refrigerator. The pitcher of lemonade inside was nearly full and too heavy to lift with just one hand. She noticed as she hefted it that the yellow liquid jiggled in time with her jittery nerves. She eventually had to pour the lemonade with the glasses in the sink: her nervous shaking had caused it to spill all over the counter. She jumped again when she heard her teacher step back into the home, the door banging shut behind him. They’d be waiting for her…. And now the sounds of two adults laughing—“Really, Aedan, there’s just no way wounds like that can heal so quickly, how did you do it?” ... More talking ... Her mother was oohing and aahing over something … and now the sounds of furniture being moved … More laughter…. The glasses Melody lifted from the sink were sticky with lemonade and only half full (though she had poured enough for four full glasses), and were dripping to boot…. Her lungs felt an inch deep; her eyes stung from staring like a bunny at the boa constrictor coming for it.
I’m a killer, a murderer. He’s come to bust me and take me away. Why else would he be here? I’m going to prison, I’m a freak, I’m so busted … Yaeko, please help me!
She emerged from the kitchen holding the partially filled glasses in her trembling hands. Yaeko had moved to the far corner of the living room, across from her mother—and as far away from Mr. Conor as she could get. Her teacher had reclined comfortably back on the lounger; he watched her steadily, an eyebrow raised, his intense green eyes boring holes straight through whatever remained of her composure. He had brought a baseball bat with him; it leaned nonchalantly against the arm of his chair. Melody forced herself to look away from him. She glanced to the middle of the living room, where the coffee table had been moved. Something was on it.
Mr. Conor had brought, in addition to the baseball bat, one of the completed house projects from her geometry class. She recognized it immediately. It was, by far, the best one done. The house was an extraordinary replica of a two-story home fashioned with tongue depressors, toothpicks, glue, odds bits of clay and plastic, and the occasional Leg-O, all mounted on a large square platform, which was not cardboard, but something resembling clay tile. The house’s creator had also fashioned a miniature yard surrounding it, complete with grass and trees and shrubbery. A clay fountain had been made as well. It stood in the front yard. The designer had included “water” (was that plastic? Colored tin foil?) for it; it “spilled” out of the fountain and into a circular gathering pool, also clay. The completed model had been painstakingly painted, with seemingly no detail forgotten. It was a work of art any architect would have been proud to call her own. Maggie had cleared away the heaps of catalogs and mail and textbooks that had been stacked haphazardly on the coffee table; they were now scattered in a disorganized mess surrounding it. She was back to oohing and aahing: now Melody knew what about.
She couldn’t catch her breath, and she knew her face was drained of all its color. Her mom looked at her.
“Earth to Melody … C’mon, love—you’re acting as if you’ve got something shoved up your backside. We don’t want to keep Mr. Conor waiting, I’m sure he’s got many other things to do.”
Mr. Conor replied, “Oh, most assuredly. Though there’s still plenty of time yet….”
Melody moved as though rigor mortis had begun to set into her legs. She sat next to her mom, her back straight and stiff as an ironing board. She held both glasses of lemonade, one over each thigh, their contents rippling in her double death grip.
Maggie chuckled. “Dear—what’s your main malfunction? Yaeko’s waiting for her drink! Let’s get the lead out already! You’re behaving very strangely. Did you get too much sun today?” She reached a hand out for her forehead. Her palm felt warm and welcoming. “You’re cold,” she said, still not noticing the absence of cuts she had asked about not ten minutes earlier. “I wonder if you’re catching flu....”
Melody rose shakily, feeling the bile inch its way up her gullet. She crossed the room, handed Yaeko her drink—Yaeko stared into her eyes, her barely checked panic just as obvious—before turning and retaking her seat next to her mom. She had carried her own drink with her on her trip. She clutched it like a lifeline in two tight fists and, with a single mammoth, sustained effort, forced herself to look at Mr. Conor.
I’m going to jail…. I’m a killer, I’m a killer, I’m a killer …
Her mom smiled at Mr. Conor expectantly. There was a moment of total silence in the room, more terrible than the hush after the condemnatory crack of a judge’s gavel sentencing a man to death.
He suddenly raised his hands from the arms of his lounger as if he were about to stand—Melody jumped in her seat, lemonade sloshing into her lap—but then seemed to reconsider, watching her carefully. He lowered his hands slowly, that devilish smile creasing his face as he studied her. After what seemed an eternity he shifted his gaze to her mother.
“Maggie,” he said, “I have some incredible news to share with you concerning Melody....”
Melody couldn’t think, couldn’t breathe. She was swallowing as fast as she could, the dam of terror puke threatening to burst from the strain.... She was losing feeling in her fingers and toes; they were tingling, going numb. She stared without blinking at the house project on the coffee table in front of her, her jaw clenched so tightly she could feel the muscles next to her ears spasm. The details on it were hyperreal to her now; everything was. Somewhere in the adrenaline-flooded distance she heard her mother exclaim, “Really!” Her mom patted her hand, squeezed it. “Bug,” she said, “you’re shaking like a baby sparrow in an arctic breeze in the dead of winter! Are you cold?”
She studied her mom’s hand abstractedly: so motherly it was, so pretty. She suddenly loved that hand, loved it with a despairing, urgent affection. She hoped she’d be able to touch it every now and again when she visited the penitentiary.
Mr. Conor stood. He continued, “... but I thought it would be better to show you that news, not tell you.”
Here it comes … here it comes …
He approached her, looming over her like Satan over the damned. Put a large, powerful hand on her small, lithe shoulder.
He asked brusquely:
“Do you recognize this, my dear?”
As if knowing precisely her state of mind, and wanting to make sure he could make matters as plain as day to her, he pointed with his other hand behind himself, to his left, at the house model, that accursed devilish eyebrow rising as he looked back at her.
Her mom said, “Love, is this yours? My goodness! It’s absolutely perfect! I mean the detail, the exactness ... I can’t even see the seams where one tongue depressor stops and another starts! It’s just beautiful, Mel! I never knew you had it in you—”
“It’s not hers,” interrupted Mr. Conor, a distinctly impatient edge to his voice. The large hand on her shoulder pressed a little harder. Melody could plainly feel his thumb and middle finger, could feel the crushing power held back in each. He asked again: 
“Do you recognize it?”
It seemed as though the nerves connecting her brain to her spinal column had been severed. She could hear the question—it rumbled down to her from on high in crystal clear Irish stereo—but try as she might, she could not get her head to shake—or nod.
Another second or two, and she knew she was going to hurl.
“Bug?”
Her mother’s voice betrayed what was now a clear and strident concern.
With every ounce of strength she could muster, Melody managed to choke out a tiny, pathetic “No.”
Ordered her mother: “Melody, look at me.”
Melody’s face had gone from clammy and cold to burning in a flash. The heat in her cheeks—which were quivering uncontrollably now—was rising like a runaway fire in an elevator shaft straight to her tear ducts. She inhaled sharply to force the flames back: if they touched those ducts the tears would come to dowse them; she couldn’t have that, she just couldn’t, no, please stop rising, no, I don’t want to cry, just go away, please, just go away! …
But the flames burst through anyway. Her tremulous lower lip stung, and now she knew why: she was biting it fiercely…. In her shocky preoccupied state she thought she could taste warm nickel…. With herculean effort she turned her chin the four inches necessary in order to at least bring her mother’s worried face to the very edge of her rapidly blurring vision. A tear had gathered in her right eye, was filling quickly, was holding, holding, holding … But the movement of her head sent it streaking down next to her nose and then to her lip, where it sat, quivering.
“Bug—what’s wrong?”
Yaeko spoke. The sound of her voice instantly took the edge off Melody’s nausea. It was a voice that seemed only inches away, as if her best friend was sitting right next to her. She said, “Mrs. Singleton ...”
Mr. Conor released her shoulder. “She thinks she’s in grave trouble—but she’s not.” And then he added ominously: “Not yet, at least.”
Maggie gaped upward at her geometry teacher. “You mean even more trouble? What’s going on? I thought you told me she wasn’t in trouble!”
Yaeko: “Mrs. Singleton, I implore you listen to me ...” Both adults turned to look at her; she bowed her head with respect. “Melody saved me this morning.”
“Quite true,” said Mr. Conor. “Melody came to Yaeko’s rescue and … well, let’s just say the four little demons who had cornered Miss Mitsaki will never again try such a foolish thing.”
Her mom looked from Yaeko to Conor then back to Melody, who was visibly shaking and staring at her knees. Tears were gathering under her chin; they dropped unnoticed into her lemonade.
Maggie gasped. “My God … Melody, you carried a weapon into school?” She grabbed her chin, pulling it sharply around, her blue eyes wide with angered concern.
“No, Momma, no … I—”
“She had no weapon,” said Mr. Conor, who stood just before her, staring down at her, his eyes like emerald ice. “What I’m here to tell you about your daughter, Maggie, the thing you need to accept, the incredible fact about her, among many other incredible, wonderful facts, is she had no weapon—because she is a weapon.”
Shocked, frozen silence. “What?” yelled Maggie. “What the hell does that mean? What’s going on here?”
Yaeko’s voice was just above a whisper. “Melody ... you saved me. You saved me. You are not a killer—”
“A KILLER?” Maggie shrieked, looking from Yaeko to Mr. Conor to her daughter in rapid succession. “You KILLED someone? My God—!”
“The gangbanging slimeballs who were viciously beating Yaeko were about to rape her, apparently, when your daughter came to her rescue,” said Mr. Conor very loudly. “They are all alive and in perfect slimeball health.”
He glared down at all of them, starting with Yaeko, then to Maggie. He held their glances as though mentally lassoing their runaway thoughts. Finally he came to Melody. He pointed aggressively at the house project, now clearly impatient. “You don’t recognize this?”
An endless moment petrified in acid. Melody shook her head. She would lie if she must; she was facing enough trouble already; it was plain she had done something evil to this model somehow, something perhaps that the aecxis had done to it yesterday. She was frightened out of her mind and unwilling to shoulder any more blame.
“Say it.”
Yaeko flinched. It was that same voice of authority, the same one used in a dark school hallway just this morning.
“Aedan—” Maggie started—
“N-no …” said Melody tremulously.
“Say it louder,” Mr. Conor commanded angrily.
“Aedan, I don’t understand what—”
“Louder,” Mr. Conor lowered his chin, staring hard at the silently crying girl.
“N-no, I-I d-don’t recognize it,” came the choked, spluttering, teary whisper.
“Aedan—”
“SILENCE!” he thundered without deviating his emerald glower even one millimeter from Melody.
His command seemed to echo, though what returned wasn’t his voice but absolute and total soundlessness. It was as though time itself had frozen stiff in terror, cowing under his furious gaze.
He bent at the waist, his hands smartly slapping his knees, one after the other, his face inches from Melody’s own.
“Say it—LOUDER!”
Something roared inside Melody. It expanded like exploding lava from deep within her being—her lungs suddenly felt infinite—the earth’s very power felt for an instant centered between her eyes, its conduit her spine. She had felt this earlier—when she saw four boys kicking and spitting on her beloved friend. The fear in her heart collapsed, crushed contemptuously under the heel of her mighty rage. She set her chin and stared into Mr. Conor’s face—there was an odd blue glow upon it just then—and growled low, her teeth clenched:
“No, I do not recognize it.”
In the corner of the living room, Yaeko yelped in pain, doubling over. Mr. Conor nodded knowingly, slowly, his countenance softening into acceptance. He rose, placed his hands on his hips, glanced briefly over at Yaeko, who was hugging her midsection and crying softly.
“Just who the hell are you to yell at me or my daughter like that?” exploded Maggie, whose voice detonated behind Melody’s right ear. But Melody wasn’t listening; she jumped from her seat—the glass of lemonade in her lap fell to the carpeted floor, spilling—and rushed to Yaeko’s aid, who was crying and hugging herself. Melody pulled her close, crying with her, saying over and over again, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, Yaeko …”
“Get out!” shouted Maggie at the man looming large over her. She stood. “Get out this instant!”
“Not just yet,” said Mr. Conor, his voice low and menacing.
He reached for the baseball bat. 
He held it up between himself and Maggie, hefting it with one hand. Nodded one time. “Sit down.”
Melody’s mother’s eyes grew wide with terror. She sat back on the loveseat very slowly, staring upward incredulously, gripping the armrest tightly. Her face was white as a ghost’s.
Mr. Conor spoke very loudly, as if he were addressing a large crowd:
“The house project here belongs to a boy in Melody’s class, Seth Mueller. Seth is mute: he was born without vocal chords. He is also very shy, preferring to sit in the back of the room and out of sight. But as you can see, young Seth is a genius, a prodigy.”
He brought the bat down, twirled it absentmindedly on his black shoe.
“His disability makes him somewhat of a human interest story,” he continued. “And, oh, yes: Seth Mueller most definitely has a crush on our Miss Melody here. Yes, oh yes, my dear—” he turned and looked at her; she stared back; Yaeko and she clutched each other for dear life—“I know a teenage crush when I see one. I think you’ve noticed him too. Very good-looking young bloke, big brown eyes, wavy hair of the same color. I’ve told him he has exceedingly good taste, of course, but Mr. Mueller only smiles shyly back at me. I can’t get him to sign in acknowledgement of what we both know.
“But I digress. Perhaps the most interesting thing about Mr. Seth Mueller, for the purposes of our little meeting here today, is that he has been dubbed, as I mentioned a second ago, ‘a wonderful human interest story’ by Channel 38 here in San Diego. They’re coming by my somewhat disheveled classroom tomorrow morning, cameras at the ready, microphones on. They want to interview him and me and his resource teacher, and display this incredibly well-crafted house, made of tongue depressors and toothpicks and clay....”
He poked at the house model with the blunt end of the bat, indifferently.
“What a bloody shame—” he shot Melody an icy, inhumanly intense stare—“if you were found guilty of stealing this beautiful model from Mr. Mueller on the very eve of his glory—and destroying it. What trouble indeed, for a young lady already in a heap of it already—”
He abruptly raised the baseball bat over his head and gave a great bass roar of rage—
—Maggie screamed and jerked into herself, her arms over her face—the girls shrieked, clutching wildly at one another—
Mr. Conor savagely brought the bat straight down on Seth Mueller’s house project. It exploded as if someone had planted dynamite in it. The toothpicks and tongue depressors blew apart, scattering over the living room. Flying debris struck the window behind the girls, making them clutch each other even tighter, their eyes screwed shut. Mr. Conor raised the bat again, swung down with vicious glee—the coffee table cracked in half, collapsing in two nearly equal chunks. He swung the bat again and again and again, using one hand, then the other, then both, golfing whole chunks into the wall next to Maggie, where they shattered, or beating the tile base rapidly, kicking pieces away as they broke off. The bat’s strikes sounded like rifle reports from inside a broom closet. Sara barked madly from the sliding glass door, scratching and jumping to get in. The girls and Maggie screamed with each ferocious swing of the bat.
Finally he stopped. With sneering indifference, and without looking, he whipped the bat aside. It cartwheeled into the computer next to the stereo, cracking its screen, causing it to spark violently, then slamming into the stereo itself, coming to rest halfway in the cabinet, the CDs it struck last spilling out in a sudden avalanche of square plastic covers. He stalked about the scattered destruction like a lion around a freshly felled carcass. Where a recognizable chunk of Seth Mueller’s once-beautiful house project lay, his heel ground down upon it, twisting. After another moment he glanced at Melody, a corner of his mouth rising, amused. He said:
“Recognize it now?”
Maggie sat up, brushing away shards of the house model, her face red as a beet, her now-frazzled brown hair giving her the appearance of a crazy woman.
“I’m calling the police, you psycho! Get out! Get—OUT!”
She surged to her feet and hurried fearlessly past the large man in front of her, rushing to the kitchen where the telephone waited. Mr. Conor did nothing to stop her: he took two steps back as she stomped past him, watching her with a conspicuous lack of concern. She grabbed the receiver.
“Momma, no …”
Melody had stood. She had spoken calmly, quietly. Mr. Conor glanced back at her. He took two more backward steps as she slowly raised her arms, closed her eyes ...
Maggie came shakily to the living room step, her mouth falling open, her eyes wide with disbelief. Without realizing it, she dropped the receiver on the floor.
… for the scattered debris that was once Seth Mueller’s house project was floating off the carpet, was lifting off the furniture. It held still for a moment, suspended three feet in mid-air, and then began placidly drifting to the center of the living room. As it came together it swirled into a miniature tornado, a swiftly rotating cloud of wood and plastic and glue. It began mending, solidifying, with tiny, brilliant, random flashes of lightning-white throughout it…. The coffee table abruptly creaked as it raised, the vicious crack down its middle slowly disappearing. Even the baseball bat floated, as the many gashes and pockmarks created down its length during Mr. Conor’s tirade healed over. The single black crack running diagonally on the computer screen melted away; the CDs lifted from the floor and replaced themselves in perfect order. Melody stood, arms raised and open wide, shoulder level, her body straight but relaxed, her face filled with tremendous peace. It was a miraculous face that gently tugged Maggie’s attention away from the other miracle happening right in front of her, a face that transported Maggie back to a time not so long ago: of a little girl cuddling next to her in bed; a little girl sitting in her lap as they watched the sunset next to the Pier; a little girl humming quietly to herself as she studied a favorite math textbook. It seemed that her little girl stood now as the center of nature, the power of the entire planet at her fingertips; and when Melody finally lowered her arms and opened her eyes a full two minutes later, there stood Seth Mueller’s house project on the healed coffee table, simple and perfect, as if Mr. Conor’s violence upon it had never happened. Even Sara had stopped barking and sat attentively at the door, her head cocked to one side. 
Melody opened her eyes and brought her soft, almost pleading gaze to her mom. 
Mother and daughter stared at each other for a long time.



Chapter 19
Infinitely Larger than Infinitely Large
When Maggie reached to touch her daughter’s face, she did so very tentatively, as though the person sitting next to her and staring back was a total stranger.
Her gaze hardened. “They’re ... healed,” she said quietly, almost flatly, as if the miracle she had just witnessed had drained her of all emotion. “All of them. Like … like you.... ” She glanced at Mr. Conor, who was watching from the lounger, sitting at its edge. “... but that’s … that’s not possible…. None of this is …”
She glanced at Yaeko, then back at her daughter, then at the miraculously mended house project, then at the teacher watching her intently.
“None of it. I … I don’t understand …”
“Maggie,” said Mr. Conor in a gentle voice, “Melody … is what is known as a Mathematician.”
“Huh? M-Mathematician? Numbers? Equations? Square roots?”
“No. Not that kind, though she does very well as one of that sort who concern themselves with such things. Rather, it’s the name given to those with her … er … other abilities.”
“There … are others with her … her ‘other abilities’?” She studied her daughter without blinking. “That’s what they call people like … like … Melody—in Ireland?”
Mr. Conor shook his head; the grin that crossed his face was there for only a moment. “No, not quite. It’s what they call people like Melody on Aquanus.”
“... Aquanus?”
“Yes.”
“Where is…?” Maggie let the question trail off. She stared at Melody, her face one of near-terrified wonder. Her hand came up again, shakily, and wonderingly touched her healed cheek.
“I’ll have to show you, Maggie,” said Mr. Conor. “Telling you won’t—”
“It is the reality beyond the Pier,” piped Yaeko abruptly from the corner of the living room. She glanced at Mr. Conor, whose head whipped about. He stared at her.
An icy moment passed.
“How do you know of this?” he demanded. It was that same voice, the one of authority.
But Yaeko was not cowed. “Because I have been there, many times.”
He brought his full attention to bear on the Japanese girl in the wheelchair before him, cocking his chin slowly to one side as he did. His eyes were like green scalpels.
“That’s ... not ... possible.”
Yaeko Mitsaki spoke rapidly, on a single lungful of air, as though the words had built inexorably against some sort of great spiritual barrier within her; held too long there, they had finally burst through, flooding forth to drown months and months of crippling drought: 
“There’s a pier,” she began, “it goes on ... forever. It’s attached to the Imperial Beach Pier, at both of its ends. It’s silver-green in color. There are very tall structures next to it, like watchtowers, with flags on them. Flags with a bird on them, a hawk or eagle or something. It’s flying over Saturn and one of its talons is red and dripping, like blood. And ... and along the Pier, in both directions, far, far out, there are spires, really tall and thin.... And ... and in the south there’s Saturn, a real Saturn.... And behind the Pier, where IB Middle School should be, the world stops. There’s a gigantic cliff, and space and stars and a platform below. There’s a Great Arch there, at the edge, way overhead.... And—and there are skeletons and shipwrecks and huge black cannons everywhere—”
“Cease!” yelled Mr. Conor, coming to his feet.
“I’ve—I’ve seen it too,” sputtered Melody quietly, avoiding her mother’s eyes, which went very wide. “I—I went there today … for the very first time … w-with Yaeko ...”
Mr. Conor’s chin came around, very slowly, until his commanding gaze rested squarely and intimidatingly on Melody, who shrank inside herself.
“That’s not possible!” he roared.
“Aedan—” Maggie Singleton’s voice contained the warning hint of hysteria in it.
“I’ll show you,” said Yaeko. “We can go anytime. I can even tell you how much time we’ll gain or lose when we come back.”
“Aedan, please—”
“The graph in your classroom ...” said Melody just above a whisper, fearing her teacher was about to lose his temper: his face contained barely controlled emotion, a man used to control and finding none available. “... the sine curve....”
But Mr. Conor hadn’t heard her. He and Yaeko seemed to be engaged in a silent, brutal staring contest. The room fell into frosty noiselessness. Melody heard her mother shifting in the seat next to her.
“Aedan,” Maggie said, “I … I don’t under—”
“How are ye crossing the Tangent?” demanded Conor.
Yaeko, looking up, still very calm, answered: “I play my violin.”
“You—you play your—violin?”
“Yes.”
“When did you first cross?”
“Almost a year ago.”
“No. Not possible.”
“I’ll show you.”
The staring contest intensified.
“What day did you cross?”
“June thirtieth.”
“Rubbish.”
“I was gone eight hours, maybe nine. But I lost an entire week when I crossed back.”
“Aedan, please lis—”
“It’s the day I first met Yaeko,” Melody interjected. “I heard her violin. She was playing Beethoven, but I couldn’t see her. Then, suddenly, there she was.”
“If we go now,” continued Yaeko, “we won’t lose or gain much time at all. Tonight, in an hour or so, it will be zero either way.”
Total silence. After a long time, perhaps a full minute later, he blinked. In that interval the redness in his face had drained into the pale pink of slack, disbelieving wonder. He whispered something to himself—Melody thought she heard him say something odd about traveling—and then he asked very carefully, as if terrified of the answer: “Do you have any idea what you are capable of?”
“Stop! Stop! Please stop!” Maggie yelled. “Please! Would somebody please explain just what the hell is going on here?”
Rarely had Melody seen her mother cry. It was always a great shock when she did. Maggie was crying now; and Melody crowded close to her, assuring her, “It’s okay, Momma, it’s okay … don’t cry….”
Her mom glared at Mr. Conor through her tears.
He glanced back, then at his watch. He chuckled humorlessly. “We have a little over an hour, I believe,” he said, as though he hadn’t heard her. “Though if what I’m hearing is the truth, that no longer matters—”
“Get clear with me!” shrieked Maggie, jumping to her feet. “Sit down and start talking sense, or I’m going to use that baseball bat on you, you arrogant bastard!”
“No,” said Mr. Conor, frowning, brushing the insult aside. “No, Maggie, I must show you. It will come as a great, great shock to you, just as watching your daughter must’ve been a few minutes ago. It was necessary to show you what she can do, just as it is necessary for me to take you across the Tangent to Aquanus. I had no idea I’d be doing this so soon. The timing is quite fortuitous, even if it leaves me without time to properly prepare you for what you’re about to see.”
Mr. Conor glanced at Yaeko again, who silently stared back. His gaze seemed to hold both awed puzzlement and (and this concerned Melody more than anything, for it seemed utterly foreign to the man) ... terror.
But then he broke the stare, and to the woman glaring crossly at him, he said:
“I must warn you, Maggie: not everybody can handle the truth, once they’ve seen it. I’m hoping you can. I know you’re very upset with me right now—and you have every right to be—but I must ask that you try to compose yourself. In the meantime, let’s all take a walk to the Pier, shall we? I promise, Maggie, I’ll do my best to explain on the way—though I strongly suspect it will only lead to more questions.”
~~*~~
After Mr. Conor returned the miraculously restored house project and his healed baseball bat to the back seat of his Jaguar sedan, the four of them made their way down Edgemont Street towards the Imperial Beach Pier. At Third Street they turned right, walked a block north, and then crossed to Evergreen Street, which ran straight to the Pier itself. This removed the homes and palm trees, revealing their ultimate destination, which appeared like a great gray-blue monolith rising from the end of a long wooden bridge stretching over the sea. The sun was another couple of hours from setting, its yellow orb blinding, the shadows it cast exact and razor sharp, making them appear as substantial as the objects they were thrown from. The nearby surf roared as if in anticipation of their visit, the horizon hazy with white mist.
The blue light in the small tower on top of the restaurant beckoned them forward. Yaeko led the way. She seemed impatient to get there, occasionally glancing with frustration over her shoulder at the others, who at times lagged behind.
Melody walked next to her mother. She was worried about her. Her mom was trying to focus on Mr. Conor as he spoke; she appeared tormented from the effort. She seemed as close to on-edge as a person can get without going completely insane; and Melody wondered if she comprehended anything the large man next to her was telling her.
“Melody is a Mathematician, Maggie,” he said, “but the word is confusing: the word is used differently—where I come from.”
Maggie’s voice shook. “Wh-where do you come from?”
“We’re going there now,” he said, nodding ahead of him.
“This … this Pier to Forever Yaeko was talking about?”
“Yes, there. The realm it belongs to.”
“What does a M-Mathematician do in … in … your realm? Do they ... solve number problems like—like they do here?”
Mr. Conor chuckled mirthlessly. “Not really, no.” A pause. “They are, on the whole, rare individuals. An Aquanian Mathematician is capable of manipulating the Symbol of Being, what is known as an aecxis. What do they do? Most of them do what everyone else does: they work, they eat, they live and have a family and a home. Most are restrained—Bound. I’ll explain later. Of those who aren’t ... well, some of those are very horrible people, who use their power to hurt and kill others. Others lead; still others employ their abilities in the service of their country or kingdom.”
Melody’s mom came to herself a bit more. “Aecxis? I-s-i-s? An Egyptian symbol?”
“No,” replied Mr. Conor. “A-e-c-x-i-s. Not Egyptian. I don’t know the particular etymology of the word.”
“ ‘Symbol of Being’?” she asked, her voice still tremulous.
“Yes.”
“What does that mean?”
“In all of creation, both here and on Aquanus—and everywhere, for that matter—everything: every person, every leaf on every tree, every rock and stone and pebble and grain of sand on the beach, every bird and beast, every breeze, every cloud, every raindrop and every star in the sky contains a Symbol of Being, an aecxis. As I just said, there are those who can see them and manipulate them, in themselves and in others, or who can manipulate them in inanimate objects: stones and the like. Some Mathematicians can heal injured people or mend broken objects. It’s my guess that Melody can do both.”
After a moment of hesitation, he added darkly, “She can also destroy. Mathematicians who can do both—heal and destroy—are very, very rare.”
“What does an aecxis look like?” asked Maggie quickly, as if doing so would wipe out of existence what she just heard.
“Like a question mark, Momma,” Melody chimed in. “But without the period at the bottom. It’s also got this curly-Q top—”
“They vary slightly with each individual,” her teacher glanced at her, smiling slightly, “but the basic shape stays remarkably consistent: just like Melody said—a fancy question mark with a top-side flourish, yes—”
Stated Maggie without emotion: “Melody’s math assignment. The proof ...”
No one spoke.
“... All that time, all that studying ...” her mother continued quietly, almost whispering. Melody shuddered. She couldn’t tell if what she was sensing in her mom was anger beyond feeling or disbelief similarly rendered. Her mother’s mood was completely inscrutable now, almost as if part of her was disconnecting from reality.
“Yes,” said Mr. Conor simply.
“Melody can ‘manipulate’ it? That was what she was spending all her time trying to do?”
“Yes,” said Mr. Conor. “Though her newfound abilities are far in excess of the typical Mathematician’s, who can, on the average, do little more than flip the occasional coin or bend spoons.”
“Are ... are you a Mathematician?”
Mr. Conor held silent for several seconds. “Yes.”
“Yaeko too?”
This time Mr. Conor didn’t answer for a long while. Seacoast Avenue, the last street before the Pier itself, was just two blocks away. Yaeko stopped rolling and turned around, staring at Melody’s teacher, waiting silently for his answer. The rest stopped as well. Conor gazed at her. Finally he said, “I don’t know. She may be something else, something very special—if what she says is true, that is.”
Neither Yaeko nor Melody responded. But Melody was now sure of it: Mr. Conor was hiding something, or he suspected something—something scary—about her best friend. 
What was it?
Yaeko stared into Mr. Conor’s eyes a moment longer, then silently turned back around and resumed wheeling towards the Pier.
They followed her.
Maggie seemed to be coming more and more to her senses. “This—this aecxis,” she said as she walked, “why can’t I see it? If it is everywhere, all around us, in everything, then why does human history have no record of it?”
“I suppose,” said Mr. Conor, “that’s a question best answered by philosophers, Maggie. There are those who feel that the original symbol for the question mark was an aecxis seen by a scribe a thousand years ago here on Earth, though of course that’s up for debate. It makes for good tall tales, most assuredly. But the truth is, I honestly don’t know. It seems that there is a common trait amongst all Mathematicians, that being the ability, given in varying degrees, to see reality in its nakedness, in its ever-changing splendor—and in its undeniable horror. The greater the Mathematician, the greater that ability seems to be. But I could be wrong there, too.”
“So a Mathematician is sort of like a … a … a super Zen master or something?”
Mr. Conor grinned. “Perhaps. Only ... not all Mathematicians are good people.”
“What does that mean?”
“The truth is, Maggie, that Mathematicians can be, and often are, terrible, frightening, insanely violent individuals. The ability to truly see reality for what it is does not presuppose moral superiority—or even sanity. There are philosophers on Aquanus who propound that the reason why most Unbound Mathematicians turn out so badly or become nutters is that reality itself is horrible, that their ability to glimpse its horror only means we—the very few good ones—are deluding ourselves.” 
“—‘Unbound’?”
“There is a simple device—a pendant—that renders a Mathematician impotent. Those who haven’t been so restrained we call Unbound.”
“Oh.”
“You follow?”
“I ... think so. Are you ... ‘Unbound’?”
Mr. Conor grimaced, as though he didn’t want to answer. But then he nodded. “Yes. As is, of course, Melody as well.”
“And most Unbound Mathematicians, as you say, become ‘nutters’?”
Mr. Conor nodded gravely. “So it seems,” he said.
“But I disagree with Aquanian philosophers on the matter,” he continued. “I am much more inclined to agree with the Gaian thinker who said that absolute power corrupts absolutely. This seems much more likely the root cause. Historically, there have been Unbound Mathematicians who have accumulated tremendous power and wealth, who have viewed everybody else as inferior beings, who had no qualms whatsoever in wiping out whole populations or lands to get what they wanted.” And then he added ominously: “One in particular …”
“So most Unbound Mathematicians are like corporate CEOs,” said Maggie, laughing weakly.
“Indeed.”
“So … so why haven’t Zen masters been able to see the aecxis?” she asked. “Why didn’t the Buddha write about it? Or Lao-tse? Or Jesus?”
“We don’t necessarily know they couldn’t see it,” responded Mr. Conor. “And your question implies that Zen masters and their ilk have a greater grasp on reality than others. This is probably untrue. Gazing into your navel all day with a vacuous smile on your face hardly qualifies you for twenty-twenty vision, spiritual or otherwise. It may in fact very well blind you to reality. Judging by what modern-day so-called Zen masters have said and written, this seems to be the case.”
They crossed Second Street. Yaeko and Melody were listening intently to the conversation behind them; Melody had caught up to Yaeko a block back and now strode silently next to her as she wheeled eagerly forward.
“But …” her mother struggled, “… but Melody is too young to know these things, to know—”
“—the truth?”
Maggie looked up at the large man next to her.
“Are you sure, Maggie?” His green eyes intensified. “My guess is that Melody has always been an introspective, inquisitive child, one who has had to fight, to struggle for what she wants to do or become. She has had to struggle to learn; it hasn’t come easily or naturally for her; she hasn’t fit in and has had to deal with the consequences of choosing against popularity and herd acceptance. Am I right?”
“Her math …”
“Yes,” said Mr. Conor. “She’s not exceptional by genetics, with all due respect to you or her father. She’s exceptional by choice, by what Gaian scientists now stupidly claim doesn’t exist, her free will. And she has a will, a self; it’s thicker than a battleship’s hull, it is…. It has only been very recently—or so my guess is—that her powers of reason have matured to the point where seeing the aecxis became inevitable. This is how it always works.”
“She has never fit in with the crowd,” said Maggie.
“But Mr. Conor ...” said Melody; the group came to a standstill; “Yaeko can’t see the aecxis. But she can cross … the … Tangent? Is that what it’s called?”
Mr. Conor nodded. “That’s what it’s called.” He brought his attention to Yaeko. “You can’t see the aecxis?”
Yaeko shook her head.
Mr. Conor approached her wheelchair. There was a low stone wall bordering the weed-strewn front yard of a small blue home; he sat on it so his eyes were level with Yaeko’s. He sat staring at her for a long time. Yaeko shifted nervously in her chair, staring back. Maggie and Melody crowded close to listen.
“There is an Aquanian children’s tale,” he said with a wistful smile on his face, “something on the order of the Easter Bunny or Santa Claus. It tells of an angel known as the Traveler, an immortal who ...”
He glanced down at the sidewalk, closed his eyes for a second, and then rose abruptly.
“I don’t know,” he said bluntly, as though he couldn’t accept what he was saying or thinking, and was slightly ashamed of himself for even mentioning it. “I’m sorry, Young Master. Perhaps the answers will come in time.” Then he said: “Come. Let’s not dawdle. I do not wish to lose any more of our brief window than is necessary.”
The group walked on.
Melody found herself smiling inwardly, feeling the hushed and abiding warmth of a private revelation, like the light of heaven peeking suddenly from behind a cloud, shining down upon her soul. 
Yaeko is an angel! 
They crossed Seacoast Avenue, passed through the plaza, and stood now at the foot of the Pier. Mr. Conor put his hand on Maggie’s arm, stopping her from walking onto the first horizontal planks of knotted brown wood. The girls turned around, waited.
“Maggie,” he said, “there is another reality out there. It exists. We’re going there. Do you think you can accept it?”
She stared at him for a long time. “I don’t know …” she finally answered. “I … I don’t know ...”
“I say again: it is necessary that you see it—just as it was necessary for you to realize your daughter’s abilities. I am sorry if I frightened you earlier. It was not my intention to do so, but to reawaken, as it were, Melody’s powers so that you could see for yourself what she can do. I can see the questions rolling around in your head. If you can stay patient, hopefully you’ll live your way into the answers. Or, if not the answers, then their best approximations.”
He stared solemnly down the length of the Pier.
“Come,” he said with anticipation in his voice, “let me show you another reality. It’s only fifteen hundred feet away.”
~~*~~
The triplets of seagulls winging in perfect formation overhead had reappeared. Melody and Yaeko glanced up in amazement, then at each other. Melody then looked at her mother, who also was staring straight up. She in turn brought her attention to Aedan Conor, who hadn’t joined them in looking up. “If I told you,” he said, not breaking his stride or glancing at her, “you wouldn’t believe me.”
Maggie frowned. “The limits of my credulity were shattered an hour ago,” she replied edgily. “Try me.”
“I’d rather just show you,” he offered.
“What are they doing?” she demanded.
“Their duty.”
“Their—?” But Maggie couldn’t bring herself to say “—duty?” as though doing so would yank the final tattered shreds of sanity from her grasp.
They were halfway along the Pier’s length, and now many other people were looking up; some were pointing and taking photos. The seagulls flew as one, like a military guard unit, a hundred feet above them. There were five such triplets; they glided forward effortlessly, silently.
Melody, Yaeko, and Maggie all now stared at Conor.
“Who are you?” demanded Maggie.
He glanced at the girls, then brought his gaze to rest on the hard-staring, frazzled woman at his side. After a time he said, “It is time for me to show you. Let’s finish our walk to the end of the Pier, shall we? We’re nearly there now.”
They came to Fisherman’s Choice, and then walked around the building, the seagulls faithfully following.
They came to the end of the Pier.
Mr. Conor glanced upward—and without fanfare the seagulls dispersed faithfully, just as they had last Saturday night. The girls and Maggie gawked with disbelief. Mr. Conor focused on one of the dispersing seagulls, one that circled out over the water, south to north, and was now curving back towards shore—towards them. It bore down on them at high speed—
Melody and Maggie screamed, ducking—
“It’s okay, it’s okay,” said Mr. Conor loudly. “Don’t worry: this is one of the good guys. Perhaps the best one of all.”
The seagull pulled up, flapping its wings to slow, and dropped on the railing in front of Mr. Conor. The girls and Maggie gaped as the bird bowed its head deeply, and then came up to stare directly at the large man staring imperiously back.
A long silence ensued.
The seagull was startling. More gray than white, with random splotches of black on its tail feathers, the bird had a startling foot-long scar, bright and painful-pink, starting at the top of its head and running straight down past its left eye and into the plumage on its powerful chest.
The staring contest continued.
The bird suddenly glanced at Melody, making her jump. She jumped again when Mr. Conor abruptly broke the silence with:
“Yes, Commander, that’s her.”
The bird turned its attention to Yaeko for several moments. Then it gazed back at Conor. Mr. Conor growled, “How the hell can that be? Was the entire Tangent Battalion asleep all those days?” 
The bird’s head bowed very deeply. Then the staring contest resumed. Maggie’s disbelief had completely stifled her. She could only gawk in turns at the man and the seagull on the railing.
This time the staring contest lasted at least ten minutes. Melody became acutely aware of the surf behind them, of its steady roar, of the distant ship barely visible on the hazy horizon, of Yaeko’s impatiently twisting hands, which lay in her lap. She wondered what Yaeko was thinking, wondered if she asked Yaeko in the special voiceless way they shared if Mr. Conor would hear, since he clearly shared their ability. She decided against trying, and glanced at her mother, whose face only registered slack-jawed stupefaction as she watched Melody’s geometry teacher, who seemed to be fully engaged in some sort of telepathic exchange—with a seagull.
Presently Mr. Conor said, “It’s no one’s fault, Commander. We both knew the Black Coffin had assassins here. They waited twenty years to attack me—and then to die. Harry Chin has a lot of explaining to do. We need to find our honorary Kumiyaay straightaway; double the search teams on both sides of the Tangent. Is that understood?”
The bird Mr. Conor had called “Commander” bowed its head deeply again. It glanced back up at him, and Melody’s geometry teacher responded with, “Oh you insist, do ye? I’ve heard that seagull goes well with a spicy Cajun sauce and some string beans. Just remember that, ye leathery Unsolvable....”
And with that the seagull rose up, flapped its wings threateningly at Mr. Conor, and then took off, winging overhead and quickly out of sight. Melody and Yaeko gawked, open-mouthed. Maggie said to no one, her voice a choked whisper, “I … I experimented a little with mushrooms and mescaline in college, and … and I saw unbelievable things then…. But this … this …” She goggled at the man next to her. “Who the hell are you?”
“I am Aedan Conor, Maggie. And no amount of mushrooms or peyote will compare to what I am about to show you.”
And then he said: “Speaking of college, Maggie, do you remember your mathematics studies?”
The question seemed to shake Melody’s mother back to herself. Her blue eyes narrowed. “Y-yes…? I s-suppose so…. What does that have to do with…?”
“Do you remember what a rational number is?”
She stopped to think. “Aren’t they all the numbers that can be written as … as fractions?”
“In essence, yes,” replied Melody’s teacher. “And how many rational numbers are there, Melody?” He turned his head and gazed at her, his student, his voice teacherly.
“It is an infinite set,” said Melody after a puzzled moment. She glanced at Yaeko, who shrugged her shoulders.
“That is correct,” said Mr. Conor. “It is an infinitely large set. There are an infinite number of numbers that can be written as fractions. Any number that can be written as a fraction is a rational number.
“In the realm of the human spirit, those who rely on their fives senses only, who require empirical data in order to call anything real, these we call rationalists. These people, because they live in an infinite universe of sight, sound, taste, smell, and touch, feel that that is all there is.” He stared at Maggie. “But they are wrong.”
Without breaking his stare, he said to Melody, “Remind your mother about transcendental numbers, my dear. What, exactly, are they?”
Melody looked at her mother, then back at Mr. Conor. She stumbled for a second: “They—they are … are real numbers that are not Algebraic,” she replied. “I mean, umm, they cannot be the roots of a polynomial equation with”—she thought for a second—“with integer coefficients….”
“Yes,” said Mr. Conor with an approving smile. “Excellent. But since your mum is looking quite confused, we can also say, for the sake of simplicity, that transcendental numbers are numbers that are not rational. They are irrational. A transcendental number cannot be written as a fraction. It’s a special kind of irrational number.” He cocked his head as he looked at Melody’s mom, who seemed utterly perplexed. “And how large is the set of transcendental numbers, Miss Melody?”
“It is infinitely large,” answered Melody at once. Then she gasped. She added quickly, breathlessly, “It is infinitely larger than the rational number set!”
“Excellent, excellent,” said Mr. Conor with a smile. “For every single number that can be written as a fraction, there are an infinite number of transcendental numbers that cannot. Pi is a good example of a transcendental number. You know pi, Maggie, yes? 3.1415... —and so on? Infinity, incredibly, comes in different sizes. The rationalist believes he sees an infinite lot—and he’s right: but in his closemindedness he sees infinitely less than what really exists. And finally, my friend, let’s wrap up this brief lesson. Would you please describe for your mum what happens to transcendental numbers when they are written in decimal form?”
“They are nonterminating and uncountable,” said Melody. “They go on …”
She squeaked, her eyes wide. Yaeko had squeaked as well, her hand over her mouth.
“They go on—forever!”
Mr. Conor nodded knowingly, his devilish eyebrows rising with his smile.
“Indeed they do,” he said. He glanced at the woman next to him, who seemed more flustered than ever before—were that possible. “Do you understand, Maggie?”
“I … yes, I think so. What I’m about to see … is transcendental? —or … or transcendent?”
“Yes. Yes, it is.”
He turned to Yaeko. “What do we need to do, Young Master, in order to cross the Tangent?”
“Just listen,” said Yaeko, who knew Mr. Conor was going to ask, was going to put her to the test. “Listen—and close your eyes.”
“Then let us prepare,” said Aedan Conor. 
And at that very moment the group was swarmed by a sudden white-and-gray flock of seagulls, perhaps two dozen in all. The girls and Maggie ducked at first, terrified, but then watched in amazement as the birds landed around them, a disorienting flash of feathers and wings that quickly formed two tight semicircles about them, standing precisely and silently forward, standing as though at proud military attention. The seagull Mr. Conor had addressed as “Commander” had retaken its post on the railing directly in front of him, at the Pier’s very tip; the bird faced away this time, looking towards the ocean. The sea was now splashed by a blinding, glittering road of yellow light that led from the end of the Pier to the brilliant home star settling over the indistinct western horizon. Yaeko removed her Stradivarius and brought it to her chin, bow at the ready.
Melody glanced at her. Whispered: “Are you okay?”
Yaeko nodded unsurely, smiling nervously.
—We are One, Yaeko. No one is going to die.—
Yaeko nodded again, this time with more confidence, smiling warmly at her best friend. Melody held her gaze for a second longer, then moved next to her mother, grasping her clammy hand.
“Momma …”
… But how could Melody possibly explain what her mother was about to see—
—what she was about to hear?
“Close your eyes, Momma.”
Melody glanced over her shoulder at her best friend.
“Go ahead, Yaeko.”



Part IV
~transcendental reality~



iv.
“From where the average man stands," Don Juan said, "sorcery is nonsense or an ominous mystery beyond his reach. And he is right—not because this is an absolute fact, but because the average man lacks the energy to deal with sorcery."
--Carlos Castaneda
Reality is what we take to be true. What we take to be true is what we believe. What we believe is based upon our perceptions. What we perceive depends upon what we look for. What we look for depends upon what we think. What we think depends upon what we perceive. What we perceive determines what we believe. What we believe determines what we take to be true. What we take to be true is our reality.
--Gary Zukav



Chapter 20
Suspension of Belief
Rich—”
“I know, I know. I hear it too.”
“Is the radio on?”
“No.”
“Kids next door?”
“Can’t be. We’re surrounded by retirees on all sides. Besides, no kid can play violin like that.”
“The retirees then? Your drunk friends serenading us outside?”
“Drunks—playing like that? Can’t be, Maggie. Besides, I don’t know any violinists. All my musician friends are guitarists, like me. Listen: it’s—it’s here, in this room, with us….”
“Impossible. Perhaps the symphony at the Pier’s reopening—?”
“Shhh …”
“It’s the most beautiful melody I’ve ever heard....”
“You’re crying …”
“It feels like … like …”
“Like what?”
“Like I can … can breathe ... forever….”
~~*~~
“What is that you’re humming?”
“I wasn’t humming anything, Momma.”
“Yes, you were.”
“I don’t know then.”
“Did you hear it on the radio?”
“But I wasn’t humming anything, Momma!”
“Okay, Bug. What are you looking at?”
“This. It’s yours.”
“My—college Algebra textbook?”
“What’s so funny, Momma?”
“Nothing, nothing, love…. Want me to get your Barbie doll for you?”
“No, I wanna look at your book. What’s this thing?”
“That? That’s what’s called ‘sigma.’ It‘s also known as a summation symbol.”
“What’s it do?”
“It’s like a magic, umm, a magic adding machine. It adds everything up after it and brings it together.”
“Wow! How does it work?”
“Are you sure you don’t want your Barbie?”
“Momma, no! Tell me how this magic adding sigma machine-thingie works!”
“You may not understand …”
“That’s okay. Show me anyway.”
~~*~~
“There. That. What is that you’re humming?”
“I don’t know … just a song in my head.”
“Where did you hear it?”
“I don’t know.”
“The radio? Television—?”
“Momma, I told you! I don’t know!”
“Okay, Bug. Sorry for pestering you.”
“It’s okay.”
“Will you hum it for me now?”
“No!”
“Why not?”
“ ’Cause I’d be embarrassed!”
“But it’s so beautiful, Melody—and you have a very lovely voice. Please?”
“No!”
“Please?”
“No! You said you wouldn’t pester me anymore!”
“Yes … yes I did. I’m sorry, Mellow Yellow. You’re … drawing today?”
“Mmhmm …”
“No math?”
“No. I got frustrated and quit.”
“May I look?”
“Mmkay …”
“Ooh! How lovely! Tell me about it! Is this … a king?”
“Yes. We’re reading about King Arthur in school.”
“This—is King Arthur?”
“No, this is … is King Bug!”
“Ah. Is he the equal of Arthur?”
“No. Greater.”
“Wow! His face looks happy … and sad. Is he sad?”
“A little.”
“About what?”
“I don’t know …”
“Okay…. Can you tell me what he’s happy about?”
“He’s going home. See these long green lines?”
“These?”
“Yeah.”
“What are they?”
“His Royal Road.”
“Okay … And are these his … guards?”
“Yes. And his friends. King Bug has lots of friends—and some enemies too.”
“Does the king have a queen?”
“No.”
“Maybe that’s why he’s so sad—?”
“Maybe. Momma, can we go sit by the Pier and watch the sunset after dinner like we did yesterday?”
“Of course we can. Do you like the Pier?”
“Mmhmm. And I just like being with you.”
~~*~~
She hadn’t noticed that the sounds around her had changed, that the roar of the surf behind her was now louder, clearer. In fact, her senses had been reduced to two discreet, overwhelming sensations: her daughter’s hand inside her own, and the song breezing victoriously through her being, created by the violin being played by the pretty Japanese girl in the wheelchair just behind her. But it became, truly, only one thing: for her daughter’s hand and the music had merged into One, into a seamless, perfect whole, a living entity unto itself, a song that affirmed, absolutely and finally, that such had always been so; an Answer that filled her every sense with an almost unbearable joy, just as it did nearly fourteen years ago. 
She wasn’t aware that she was sobbing.
~~*~~
When Maggie finally opened her eyes, her vision was watery and reflecting disbelief. The light around her was distinctly different, orange-tinged, soft and hazy.
Melody said, “Don’t cry, Momma …”
She turned to face her, and they hugged. They held each other for a long time.
Aedan Conor was speaking quietly to someone. Maggie heard him say, “Yes, Commander, go ahead.”
Brilliant white light flashed all around her, like multiple camera bulbs going off all at once, overwhelming her vision, making her jump convulsively. As she blinked away the afterimages, she noticed that the white flashes had expanded like balls of stellar gas and were now dissolving like smoke into the gently unsteady sea air.
Maggie fully released Melody; she blinked her eyes wide and looked around.
She, Yaeko, Melody, and Aedan were now surrounded by … people, not seagulls; people who were all dressed in the same … uniform?—what appeared to be thin blue and white silks trimmed in royal crimson and laced in gold. Shiny silver armor glinted at the shoulders, beneath the silks, which fluttered silently in the orange breeze, tapering off the strangers’ shoulders as medium-length capes, which seemed to almost glow in the weird light as they blew back behind them. There was armor around their midsections as well, where swords and other vicious-looking weapons hung from wide black belts; armor that seemed almost liquid, not metal, not bulky or heavy, more like fine cloth mated with pure steel. Stamped on the chest of the armor, and in exquisite detail, was a ferocious seahawk swooping down upon a ringed planet. One of the seahawk’s talons appeared to be dripping. The planet itself was odd: a lizard and a snake were wrapped around it.
The people came in all shapes and colors and sizes, from tall, lithe, black-skinned women to huge barrel-chested men; from short, stocky men with wiry beards to petite elven-faced young women with light skin, short blonde hair, and almond-shaped blue eyes. They stood silently, precisely at attention, looking forward, past her shoulder. She turned to look with them—and gasped.
The end of the Imperial Beach Pier was gone, replaced by a much wider silver-green extension that fled away from her into distant white haze. Beyond, way beyond where the Pier disappeared into it, was the tallest, thinnest mountain she had ever seen. She whipped her head left, then right: tall cylindrical towers the size of skyscrapers on either side of her made her jump. Beyond the left guardtower loomed … Saturn? Its awesome rings were nearly vertical to the calm, alien-blue sea.
Melody gripped her hand: “It’s okay, Momma, it’s okay, really….”
Maggie spun about, releasing her grip. Aedan was facing away from her: he was speaking quietly to a man directly in front of him, one who watched her now, a man with very light blonde hair, almost white, wild gray-blue eyes, a square clefted chin—and a tremendous scar running down from his skull, next to his eye, into his neck, where it disappeared under his uniform.
Maggie screamed.
Conor wheeled about. “It’s okay, Maggie,” he said. “You’re safe. This—” he motioned back at the scarred man—“is Commander Guptaamaq Jelignite ...”
The wild-eyed man nodded to her, those crazy eyes studying her with some curiosity. He said, “My pleasure, ma’am....”
“And this—” Conor swept his arm about him—“is Aquanus. This is the reality I told you about. This is that ‘transcendental number’ converted to a decimal, if you will.” He took two steps towards her, gripped her shoulders tightly. “You’re safe, Maggie, I promise.” Then he said, “Welcome to my world …”
She gazed up at him. “But … but … how…?”
He brought a finger up to her face, tenderly wiped the tears away. “You’ve been crying. I felt like it too, to be honest. I’ve never heard anything like that before.” He kept his grip on her arm and turned her around towards Yaeko.
“How are we here?” He nodded. “That’s how.”
Yaeko looked up at him, appearing somewhat self-conscious and flustered.
“You are the sunshine of not one but two worlds, Yaeko Mitsaki,” said Aedan. “You have proven yourself to me once and for all. I shall not doubt again.”
Yaeko bowed her head with respect, just as Maggie fell to her knees next to the wheelchair, clutching her tightly and weeping.
“It can’t be …” she gulped in Yaeko’s long black hair; “… it—it can’t be. You’re too young. Whose song is that? Please—I must know. I’ve waited so long … please tell me ...”
“It is mine, Mrs. Singleton,” answered Yaeko humbly, quietly. “I composed it four years ago.”
Maggie looked into her eyes, searching them. “No … that’s not possible," she said. “I remember hearing it with Rich almost … I mean, we both heard it, fourteen years ago. I even remember the date: March fourteenth. That’s the day Melody was conceived.... It … it can’t be yours! I heard it … almost before you were born!”
Yaeko stared at her. “March fourteenth is my birthday,” she whispered, biting her lower lip, as though she didn’t know what else to say, lost for words or an explanation. She glanced up at Melody, whose gaze mirrored her own.
“But … but ... how—?” stammered Maggie. She looked ready to faint.
“Come, Maggie,” said Aedan, reaching for her hand. She glanced back at him, utterly perplexed; she stood reluctantly with his help, not knowing what, or who, to look at. Conor said, “It’s yet another mystery. I’m sure its answer will be as awe-inspiring and sublime as her music. In the meantime, I’d like to take a walk with you along Ae Infinitus in the short time we have, if you’d allow …”
She stared at him. “Ae—?”
“Sire …” said the wild-eyed man named Guptaamaq Jelignite behind him.
Yaeko and Melody goggled at each other. Sire?
Conor turned about.
“Highness,” the Commander continued, “the Royal Order of the Kumiyaay has requested your personal inspection. If before your walk—” he gazed at Maggie, saying, “Ma’am …” then back at Conor—“you’d do us this honor….”
“I’d be glad to,” said Mr. Conor. He turned to the woman next to him. “Just a moment, Maggie …” He took note of her shell-shocked face and added, “You’re safe and among family and friends. Okay?”
She nodded, but her dazed expression remained unchanged.
Commander Guptaamaq Jelignite suddenly spoke up, causing her to jump.
“Kumiyaay,” he said loudly, “your King, Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus the First, Fifth Bearer of the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm, stands before you!”
The similarly dressed group took an abrupt, short step backward in unison—it sounded like a great clap of thunder—then stepped twice in place—two more claps. The proud stomps echoed off the skyscraper-like watchtowers like rifle reports. The Commander raised his right hand—as did the others—his palm facing to the side, at face level. He then lowered it slowly down the centerline of his person—the others mimicked him precisely—until his hand rested, rigid, just in front of his stomach. They saluted the man who watched them majestically.
“Be at rest,” said Mr. (what was his royal name again? Melody thought. Conor Keer-something-Fara-something-Bene-something-something the First?) Conor, stepping away from the bewildered woman at his side. But whatever his name, it became clear to Melody immediately: this was not Mr. Aedan Conor, humble middle school geometry teacher. The man before her now held such authentic regal nobility in this moment that she knew she’d remember his countenance forever as he stepped before his—Royal Guard?
“Bulldis,” Mr. Conor said fondly to a huge man with flaming red hair and bushy beard, grasping his enormous hand. “Good to see you back on duty. How’s the family?”
“Excellent, Sire,” rumbled the man proudly, who stood a good eight inches taller than his king. “They are well and wondering when you’ll be coming by for dinner again.”
“Sooner than later, my friend,” said Mr. Conor, patting the huge man’s hand several times. “Fix me more of that lamb’s stew?”
“Count on it, Sire. We’ll set a place for you.”
(Sire! Melody couldn’t get over it. Mr. Conor—is a king!)
Mr. Conor moved to the next uniformed guard.
“Lorasys.” He had greeted a petite, pretty young woman with short blonde hair. “Carcaryn Gellantara,” he smiled at another woman next to this one; Carcaryn Gellantara was tall, and very slender, with onyx-black skin and striking gray-blue slanted eyes. “It’s good to see you serving on the Gaian side of the Tangent.”
The dark woman smiled deferentially. “Thank you, Your Highness.”
Mr. Conor stepped in front of the next guard, a stout young man with brown skin, a mustache with goatee, and short-cropped black hair.
“Fidel Osuna,” he said Mr. Conor. He gripped the young man’s hand.
“I’ve been lookin’ forward to this day for a long time,” said Fidel Osuna. “My first inspection n’ all ...”
“And your last, I daresay,” chortled Mr. Conor. “I am not very good at this pomp and circumstance stuff, as it turns out. It’s good to see you here.”
“Wouldn’t’a missed it for the world, Sire,” replied the young Kumiyaay with a wry smile.
Mr. Conor released his hand, continuing on with the inspection of what the scarred man had called “the Royal Order of the Kumiyaay.” Melody watched, fascinated, still incredulous.
“Grayfeather … Sketch, it’s been too long, mate … I need to catch up on your latest Irish drinking jokes.... Elmorn Songsteel, ye old battle ax, how are you?”
A short stub of a man, with a bald head and thick wiry gray beard like steel wool, nodded proudly up at his king.
“Alexandre. How’s the ice cream business?” He shook a bespectacled man’s hand, one with a receding hairline and short ponytail—a man Melody recognized immediately. It was the owner of Surfing Bessie’s, the ice cream shop at the very foot of the Pier! (She and Yaeko exchanged astounded looks again.) Alexandre nodded back at Mr. Conor, while Yaeko and Melody continued to gape at each other. And there!—there was—
“William,”Mr. Conor nodded approvingly. “How’s the sea-shell business?” He shook the hand of a handsome forty-some-odd-year-old man with long, dirty-dishwater-blonde hair pulled back, a man Melody had visited often as she had grown up, a man who owned a sea-shell shop just across the street from the Pier!
“It’s fine, Your Highness,” replied William, “though I am much prouder to be here, ready to serve the Saeire Insu.”
(Melody and Yaeko caught the term, exchanged puzzled glances.)
Mr. Conor was just moving away from William, and smiling, when the Guardsman spoke up. “Sire … please forgive me …”
“Yes?” asked Mr. Conor, moving back to face him.
“May I ask ... I mean, I’ve always wondered how—” William hesitated—“ … how … Malesherbes Quartermane is doing?”
Mr. Conor’s face darkened for a moment, his smile vanishing. 
After a tense moment, he replied quietly, “I have no idea.”
“Yes, Sire. Thank you, Sire,” said William quickly, as though he knew he had just troubled Mr. Conor (King Conor!) and did not want to burden him further. Melody knew at that moment that something quite significant had just taken place. She made a mental note: Remember the name—Malesherbes Quartermane.
Mr. Conor moved quietly among his Guard, simply nodding at most of them; they in turn stood arrow straight, staring ahead. Melody could sense an almost palpable awe coming from some of them, especially the younger ones. She wondered what her teacher had done to evoke such reverence.
She chided herself: It’s not MR. Conor ...
It’s KING Conor!
(She glanced up at the waving flags atop the guardtowers to either side of them, and now felt torn between watching them and watching what was going on around her. Those are his flags, she realized. Those are his!)
Her teacher-turned-king had come before a brown-skinned woman perhaps ten years his junior, one with shoulder-length black hair, large, dark eyes, and high cheekbones; she stood up to his shoulder, but her upward gaze held anything but rigid military comportment. Her face instead seemed to register, at least for the briefest of moments, the warm pleasure of looking upon a cherished friend’s face, one that had shared with her at one time huge helpings of experience and love, a friend well beyond the normal definition of the word.
“Tamare,” said Mr. Conor quietly.
“Highness …” replied the woman softly.
“Word around the fence is your son passed the Daen-Cer-Dain and is now Kumiyaay.”
She nodded. “Yes, Sire. He is eighteen years old today, and here in your service.”
“Really, now! Where is he?”
“Here, Your Highness,” came a voice immediately to the right of Yaeko. She glanced up. A young man stood inches from her, one tall and slender, with long jet-black hair loosely tied back. His face was sculpted perfect, chiseled and angular, with a strong, narrow chin and arcing eyebrows over arrogant hazel-green eyes. His neck was sinewy and strong, ending at shoulders that promised to widen with age; they tapered into a trim, strong stomach and powerful legs. And while he appeared—and was—a mere youngster in the presence of the other Kumiyaay standing alongside him, he also appeared proudest of the lot, an impudent young god, as if his presence there was a birthright, his preordained destiny.
“My name is Donaka. Donaka Torrez-Manzanarez—”
“You’ve forgotten yourself, Pier Guard,” Commander Jelignite growled.
The boy fell silent. He flushed and looked down.
“It’s quite okay, Commander,” Mr. Conor said, stepping in front of him. He grasped the young man’s hand in both of his. “Eighteen, eh? That doesn’t seem possible. A Kumiyaay—at eighteen?” He glanced back over his shoulder at the crazy-eyed man with the gruesome scar. “A bit young, wouldn’t you say, Commander?”
Said Donaka Torrez-Manzanarez: “I will prove myself to My Lord—”
“Silence!” hissed his Commander.
The young man named Donaka Torrez-Manzanarez flushed again, tightening his jaw in defiance. Mr. Conor held onto his hand. “Like mother, like son, I see,” he chuckled, glancing at Tamare, who suppressed a smile as she stood stiffly at attention. “Your mother, as I am sure you are aware, became Kumiyaay at twenty-three. She was once the youngest ever to do so—and, as I recall, just as headstrong. It is quite clear her son is as well.”
He suddenly stepped closer to the boy, coming within inches of his nose. He was still gripping his hand.
“You say you will prove yourself …”
The young Kumiyaay nodded hesitantly, unsure of himself, but still staring almost imperiously into Mr. Conor’s eyes, which were just inches from his own. Commander Jelignite, meanwhile, glared.
“His skills are prodigious, Sire,” he said, “but as you can see, his mouth is loose, his decorum nonexistent. My apologies, Highness. I assure you—” that glare, which cowed both Melody and Yaeko, who looked away, intensified—“this display won’t happen again.”
“No worries, my friend,” said Mr. Conor, still staring into Donaka Torrez-Manzanarez’s eyes.
“Kumiyaay Torrez-Manzanarez,” said Mr. Conor, “your skills will need to be better than prodigious, and very soon, if you wish to see your nineteenth birthday. You weren’t yet born when the war was fought. I wonder: will you have the courage to fight the next one?”
The boy nodded surely.
Mr. Conor released his hand. “Then you do have much to learn, young Kumiyaay. For the kind of courage I require goes beyond ‘yes’ and ‘no,’ a courage you can only manifest—and know—when all hell breaks loose. And I assure you—” he leaned in until they were virtually nose to nose, his voice deadly quiet—“it will.”
Donaka Torrez-Manzanarez’ eyes dropped. He nodded without looking back up at his king.
Mr. Conor went on his inspection, and when he finally finished he turned to Maggie, who had forgotten to blink the last half hour. He swept his arm out from his body, motioning towards the Pier to Forever.
“A walk on Infinitus, Maggie?”
Commander Jelignite spoke up. “Highness, I must strongly advise against it. A full third of your Guard is away on assignment. We’re shorthanded and haven’t secured your path. We also know there are Traitors ...”
Mr. Conor turned, chuckling silently, facing the wild-eyed man with the long pink scar squarely. He approached him and, clapping a hand on his shoulder, said, “I have absolute confidence in your warriors, Commander. Besides, there are—what? fifty thousand regular forces between here and the Eastern Sister? Is that right? We’ll be safe enough.”
“With all due respect, Sire, you present too tempting a target. And may I respectfully point out that even with all the regular forces protecting you on the other side of the Tangent, you were still attacked—”
“I was well aware of the risk, Commander,” Mr. Conor interrupted, “just as I am now. And don’t forget, my friend—” he patted the man’s shoulder—“while there are Traitors in our midst, to be sure, there are termites in the Black Coffin as well. I’m not about to endanger what I’ve worked over twenty years to see come to fruition. Place a detail of four to cover us. Put the rest on the girl in the wheelchair and her friend. Those two, Commander, you’ll guard like the very artery in your neck. Is that understood?”
The Pier Guard Commander glanced at the girls, then back at him. He nodded.
“And don’t forget,” added Conor, “I’ve got some skills, too.” He winked.
“Yes, but—”
“Those are my orders, Commander.”
Commander Jelignite hesitated for a second, as if trying to find wiggle room around that last directive. Failing that, he nodded jerkily and saluted—a short stomp with a hand coming quickly down his centerline—and said, “Sire.” He then strode around his king, clearly frustrated.
Mr. Conor glanced at Maggie to his right, who was staring, slack-jawed, back at him.
“Now. Maggie. How about at that walk while we’ve still got the time?”
~~*~~
They had strolled along the impossible Pier for almost half an hour—the Pier Conor called Ae Infinitus—before Maggie spoke. In the intervening time she had remained completely silent, only looking around, wide-eyed. Occasionally—and abruptly—she stopped and took a long, slow sweep about herself. She included the man next to her in those surveys, pausing to study him just as if he were as alien as the spire in the misty distance, or the great ringed planet half sunk under the waves to her left, or the startling edge of the world behind her, the Great Arch above her … or this Pier, which receded away forever with godlike indifference. They had walked a good half mile or more from the restaurant when she looked straight up. Four large seagulls glided peacefully overhead: one directly above, one behind, and one each to their left and right. It must have rained earlier; the Pier to Forever was wet with shallow silver sheets of reflective freshwater.
“Seagulls,” she whispered, taking her eyes from the gleaming sheets to look at them again. “Men—women—that … that can change into seagulls and back again …”
Conor nodded silently.
“The seagulls that attacked you last Saturday night … those were men—human—too?”
“They were, once,” he responded, “though it’s believed they chose the permanent shape of seagulls in order to develop the poisons they needed against me. They were what is known as Yellow Tracluse. Vile. And quite deadly.”
“They weren’t yellow,” said Maggie. “And Melody found one of them—it was dead—a block and a half from our home.”
He stopped. He looked down at her, concerned.
“What did you do about it?”
“I ended up running to the sheriff’s office by the beach. The deputy I brought back with me thought I was wasting her time until she saw it. It was a Yellow Tracluse?”
Conor nodded, his face very serious. “What happened then?”
“I don’t know,” replied Maggie, “she told me they’d take care of it.”
“Even touching one of their talons means instant death,” said Conor gravely. “We must hope no one got hurt.”
“You survived.” She looked into his eyes.
He said nothing in response. The silence grew uncomfortable. Maggie’s eyes had not lost the quality of sanity pushed to its very edge; he noticed that her head would jerk slightly every now and again, as if the stimuli around her was simply too much and rapidly overloading her senses. As if reflecting this, she said, “I’m going insane. I have to be. This can’t be real. Can it? Can you be? What is all this? How can this be?”
“I’ll answer your questions, Maggie,” he said. “I owe you that—and much, much more. Because what I must ask of you now requires no less than the laying down of my life at your feet.”
She stared at him. “What is it you must ask of me?”
He held her gaze, his face drawn and grave. He breathed in visibly, taking a long time to exhale. He turned away from her, as though struggling with what he wanted to say. He looked away towards the great ringed planet.
A few moments of hard silence passed before he turned and faced her once again.
“Let me answer your questions first. This Realm, this reality, as I said earlier, is called Aquanus. It is part of a collection of six other circular, flat Realms held together about a central aecxal sphere. Each Realm is a little more than thirteen thousand miles in diameter. This Pier circles four of these Realms. It is known as Ae Infinitus. There is another Great Pier, running north-to-south, far out to sea, which circles four as well. It is known as the Eternitam. On very clear days one is able to make out its spires even from here, over sixty-five hundred miles away, over twice the width of the continental United States. We call the spires Sisters. This world is part of a system of five other worlds, each with six Bits, as we refer to the Realms held to their respective spheres. On clear nights you can see them plainly—”
“Wait. You said six ‘Realms.’ But the last time I checked, four plus four equals eight. And what the heck is an ‘aecxal sphere’?”
“Picture a transparent golf ball with six quarters tied around it by three very thin strings. You’ve got four quarters around its midsection—its equator, if you will—and one each at the poles. Make sense?”
“No.”
“Then let’s move on. Perhaps in time it will all come clear. I don’t believe I’ll have any more luck explaining what an ‘aecxal sphere’ is either. Suffice it to say all these worlds are flat, just like a quarter.”
“But … but none of this is possible! I just don’t get this!” she said, her voice hinting at desperation.
“And yet, here you are,” he said gently.
When she said nothing in response, he continued:
“That great planet out there isn’t Saturn. It’s a gas giant we call Ammalinaeus.”
“Who’s ‘we’?”
“The inhabitants of this Realm.”
“How do you know it isn’t Saturn?”
“Our Royal Academicians have measured its diameter. It is almost three times Saturn’s. It—”
“You said you have something very important to ask of me.” Maggie’s voice was abruptly sharp and dangerous, her patience clearly gone.
A pause.
“Enough of the astronomy lesson, I see …” said Conor. “Very well.”
He took a deep breath, and then said, “We’re here today, Maggie, because your daughter is a Mathematician—a very powerful Mathematician, as it turns out. She is … needed here—” he stared intently at her—“she is needed here to help me rebuild a Temple lost to war and a frighteningly loathsome being. She is needed here to begin and complete her training, to learn to use and accept her abilities for the greater—”
“You were to teach her geometry, nothing more,” interrupted Maggie, as if she hadn’t absorbed what he just said. “Instead you teach her how to use some … some … some thing from this world—”
“The aecxis—”
“The aecxis, or who-sis, or what-sis, whatever … in order to hurt others—”
“No, Maggie—”
“Don’t interrupt me.” Her eyes were filling with a slow, terrible, lunatic anger, a cornered animal left with no other choice than to fight its way free …
“This is your fault. All of it. You were to teach her simple middle school mathematics, but instead you turn her into some sort of freak, a ‘weapon,’ as you called her—”
“A very poor choice of words, I must admit—”
“I told you not to interrupt me.”
The four seagulls had taken to circling above them, their attention focused out over the ocean, looking for any possible threat.
“You lied to me. You lied to my daughter. You have taken advantage of her, a young, gullible little girl, one who trusts you—she looks up to you!—implicitly. You have taken advantage of me. You have brought us here—Yaeko too, let’s not forget her—in order to see some sort of prearranged plan through. And now you’ve asked me, thinking I’d be so intimidated with this place, with your power, with your little kingdom of shape-shifting serfs, that I’d bow down before you and let you take my little girl and place her in harm’s way.
“You’ve taught my little girl to kill!” she yelled, stepping closer to him. “We’re pacifists! We don’t believe in killing, in violence! You’ve taught her to kill—and for what? To take part in some fool’s errand, some silly heroic mission?
“You called my child a weapon. A weapon implies one who uses it, who creates it for use against others. I can only assume that user is you. To what nefarious use do you wish to put my daughter, ‘the weapon’?”
“I told you, Maggie,” said Conor softly, the sting of her reproach in his voice.
She glowered at him. She said: “And … and you’re a monarch—a dictator. A willing participant—the leader, no less!—of the foulest form of human government ever to exist!”
Conor sighed, but didn’t respond.
“If you think for one second that you’re going to have anything to do with Melody—or me—after we leave this … this … whatever it is, Realm, whatever—you’re crazy,” she said in a low, menacing voice. “I never want to see you again. You’re a clear danger to my baby girl and I’m ordering you to never bother us again. Tomorrow I’m pulling her out of that school completely. I don’t want her anywhere near you.”
She turned and began marching back towards the group.
“Maggie, please …” implored Conor to her back. She stopped, but would not turn around to face him. “Please …” He took two hesitant steps towards her. “Please listen to me. It is vital you understand something …”
She crossed her arms, still facing away.
“Maggie … Melody is in grave and immediate danger.”
She turned to face him.
“I’m sorry I’ve done things the way I have. Yes—” he shrugged helplessly—“yes: I admit it: I manipulated you. I lied to you. I must admit that, I must offer that. I’m very, very sorry. I’d give you my enormous litany of excuses, but you’re not going to listen to them, no matter how valid they may be. But you absolutely need to listen to this: Melody is in serious danger. She was seeing the aecxis before I met her. Ask her. She’ll tell you. Eventually, without my help, without my guidance, she’ll learn to manipulate it, to control it. But not to love it, not to understand it. It’s a living thing. Without my guidance it is inevitable that it will overwhelm her. She’ll harm someone. Or many someones. She already has. She’ll eventually go insane. And then no one will be able to save her then—not on Aquanus, not on Earth, nowhere. She’ll become exactly what it is I had to fight twenty-two years ago—and what I must fight soon again.”
Maggie’s eyes had filled with tears as he spoke.
“NONE—OF—THIS—IS—POSSIBLE!” she burst out at the top of her lungs, slamming her fists against her hips with each word. “THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT! I WANT MY DAUGHTER BACK! I WANT TO GO HOME—RIGHT NOW!”
The four seagulls—Pier Guards—were suddenly just overhead, much closer to their king, watching the proceedings very carefully.
“Maggie, I beg of you … please lis—”
“RIGHT NOW!” Her voice was a cracked shriek.
He went to open his mouth again, thought the better of it. After another moment he nodded contritely to the hysterical woman before him, looking into her red, watering eyes. Maggie held herself rigidly, as if any movement in the wrong direction would loosen her very last tie to sanity.
“So be it,” he whispered.
Without another word she wheeled about and half walked, half jogged towards the group at the end of the wooden Pier, all of whom were now staring at her. She hadn’t noticed that Conor had motioned up at the seagulls, that three brilliant flashes had taken place behind her as three Kumiyaay, Commander Jelignite among them, swooped in and turned back to human and conferred now with him; that the fourth gull still hovered protectively above her. She did not notice when the three Kumiyaay speaking with Conor flashed magically back into seagulls and hurriedly rejoined the fourth over her head, that King Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I then turned away and stared at the great spire in the distance, his eyes flat, his face pained and very tired.
~~*~~
Melody watched as her mother, walking swiftly, approached. She could see that her eyes were red.
“Momma, what’s wrong?”
Her mother ignored her.
“Momma?”
But she would not look at her, only shooting Yaeko a glance of terrible anger—one that Yaeko did not respond to, but only gazed at Melody, blinking and bewildered.
“Momma…?”
Now she glared at her. “We’re going home. You are never to come here again—or the Pier—the normal one, ever—unless I am with you. Am I clear?”
“But—”
Maggie grabbed her shoulders, gripping them so tightly that Melody could feel her nails digging into her flesh.
“Ow! Stop! That hurts!”
“AM I CLEAR?”
“Y-Yes—stop! You’re hurting me!”
The Kumiyaay surrounding them stood silently. The young Pier Guard called Donaka Torrez-Manzanarez was the only one who allowed concern to crease his face; he glanced at his compatriots, who wouldn’t meet his gaze.
“Promise me! Promise me now!” Maggie shook her violently.
“Momma, let me go!”
Yaeko reached for her hand. “Mrs. Singleton, please don’t—”
“STAY AWAY FROM MY DAUGHTER!” Maggie shrieked, slapping her hand away, her face insane with anger. Yaeko backed up, her own face like one that had just been slapped.
Donaka Torrez-Manzanarez stepped forward. “Mrs. Singleton, please listen to reason—”
“Kumiyaay Torrez-Manzanarez, you are relieved of duty. Take ten steps back and face away— now.” The large Guard named Bulldis had spoken to him. He was an enormous man, middle-aged, with a tremendous barrel chest and blue eyes above a bushy red beard. His voice was the lowest Melody had ever heard.
“But she’s—”
“Now, Pier Guard!” rumbled the other.
The young Kumiyaay flushed with the stern rebuke. He stood rigidly for a moment, his eyes filled with wounded proud anger, and then turned stiffly on his heel and stepped smartly away from the group. Exactly ten paces later he stopped, his last step a frustrated stomp, his back rigid, his arms straight at his sides.
Maggie retained a death grip on Melody.
“PROMISE ME!” she shrieked, her voice choked with tears.
Melody stared into her wild, wet eyes. In all her life, she had never seen her mom driven to complete hysteria. The sight was unnerving, petrifying. Despite that, something deep inside her found the courage to speak past her own tears, which had welled up involuntarily in response to her mother’s outburst.
“No.”
“YES YOU WILL! YOU ARE MY DAUGHTER! YOU WILL DO AS I TELL YOU—”
“Let her go, Maggie.”
Mr. Conor.
Maggie wheeled about and slapped the man behind her with all the force she could muster. The teacher-who-was-king didn’t flinch an inch; instead he held her glare for a moment before looking over her head and, using that same commanding tone he had in her home, said, “Kumiyaay, assume your positions. We’re going back.”
Within seconds, the Pier Guards had reformed behind their king; the boy too, who marched into his place just past the interface, where silver-green extension met ordinary wooden Pier. Melody and Yaeko were sniffling and holding hands as they moved to the other side of the interface, where they turned around. Maggie stepped to Conor’s right without another word. She appeared to be readying herself to scream at Yaeko again, but at the last second refrained.
Mr. Conor took a deep breath, as if to calm himself. Then he stomped once, bringing his right foot down on the alien Pier—
As if that stomp contained the weight of an entire world, the Great Pier shook.
He raised his arms over his head, extending his fingertips ...
Lazy, brilliant, blue-white rays of light snaked from the ends of his fingertips and into the haze above. They reached up, up, up into the clouds, and higher still (to the Great Arch?), crackling with energy and solidifying, becoming hard, static, like frozen lightning. He then slowly lowered his arms in a wide arc, the bright cracks following their motion, shifting, forming new cracks, branching off into smaller ones ... until his arms were back at his sides. For a full second Ae Infinitus itself seemed to become translucent, almost as though it didn't exist. There was a brilliant, blinding flash of white light like a camera bulb going off at close range, then ... nothing.
“Let's go," he said.
As the group stepped forward onto the Imperial Beach Pier, the spider-webbed sky seemed to shatter above them like breaking glass. The pieces fell towards them silently, dissolving away before they struck ground, revealing behind them a deepening navy-blue firmament. The sun on this side of the Tangent had just set. There were no fishermen or tourists, as if the way ahead had been cleared for them.
There was sudden movement next to him.
Melody yelled, "No, Momma, no! Let me go!"
Conor heard one low, quiet, plaintive whisper, closer than close, one that tore his heart in two:
—Melody!—
Maggie had grabbed her daughter's wrist and was now yanking hard on it, dragging Melody behind her.
"NOW, MELODY, NOW!"
They rounded the restaurant and disappeared from view, though Melody's cries and Maggie's yelling could be plainly heard for another full minute.
—Melody, don't leave me!—
Yaeko was crying, her eyes filled with naked desperation.
Mr. Conor stepped just behind her and put a hand on her shoulder. "Resume your duties,” he said. And then: “Keep a close eye on them, Commander.”
—Dazzling white light flashed all around them—
—And twenty-four seagulls swooped overhead in flight, disappearing from sight a second later.
He and Yaeko were alone. He knelt next to her. Yaeko’s eyes were swollen and red with grief, her face wet. She trembled in her wheelchair.
"She won't leave you, Yaeko," he said, not at all sure if she heard him past her grief. He closed his eyes and concentrated.
—She won't leave you, Young Master. Not now, not ever.—
She glanced at him, surprised. Then she threw her arms around him and sobbed without restraint into his neck. He closed his eyes again. He tried to think of something else to say ... but silence was all that came to him.
He held her for a long time.
"Come,” he finally said. “Let me walk you home."
~~*~~
Melody sat at the edge of her bed and wept, her head down, her long brown hair in twin curtains on either side of her face. She made no effort to wipe the tears from her eyes. Her right wrist still stung where her mother's fingernails had dug holes into it. Some still bled; she could feel her pulse pounding in them. She sniffled, blinking, feeling the heat in her face meet the cool, continuous streams of moisture that soaked it. She sniffled again and looked up, wiping her nose on her sweatshirt sleeve. She clasped her hands tightly between her knees, letting her head drop once more. The tears streamed down, dripped straight onto her lap. She watched them abstractedly as they disappeared into the dark blue denim of her jeans.
Her mother had literally slung her into her bedroom before standing before her, fists on her hips. “You are grounded, Melody Ann Singleton. You have lied to me and disobeyed me and tomorrow we are going to Dr. Holmes first thing in the morning. I expect you to be ready by seven.”
"M-Momma—w-what for—?"
"To schedule a CAT scan, of course. And to schedule a drug test. You're obviously hallucinating and—"
Melody sprang to her feet. "I'm NOT taking drugs! You were there, you saw it too! What is wrong with you? Why are you doing this—"
She didn't see her mother's hand fly out of nowhere; it slashed across her face with startling suddenness, disappearing just as rapidly. Melody's chin jerked sideways.
Her mother had never touched her in anger, not even once; the fact that she had now stung far worse than the impact of her palm across her soft cheek.
"You will NOT talk back to me, young lady! I'm pulling you out of school tomorrow and calling your father, too. You will not speak to Mr. Conor ever again, do you understand me? You're going to Sarasota until I can find a new home far away from here! And one more thing: You are forbidden to ever talk to Yaeko again. Do you understand me? I said—DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?"
"NO!" Melody shrieked, outraged, "I DON'T UNDERSTAND YOU! SHE'S MY BEST FRIEND! I WON’T—"
Her mother's hand slashed across her face again.
Without thinking, Melody struck back. She slapped her mother's red cheek as hard as she could. The blow staggered her backwards. A horrible, endless moment of total silence followed.
Very quietly, her mom said, “You're not the daughter I thought you were.” Then she added: “You're confined to your bedroom. No dinner. That's an order."
She turned on her heels and left, closing the door firmly behind her. Melody stood for long minutes, in shock, not moving, not believing, staring at the dark vertical rectangle two feet in front of her before finally sinking back down onto her bed.
And now, with the tears streaming down, she could hear her mother's voice through the door, as if her grief had amplified it ten times over. Her mom was on the phone:
"Doctor Holmes? Maggie Singleton. Hi—remember me? Right. Right. Oh, I'm fine, I guess ... I'm very sorry to disturb you at home, it's just a bit of ... well, I am very concerned about my daughter Melody.... Yes ... seventh grade ... yes, time does fly; she's fine ... yes ... Well, I'm just—she's seeing things, hallucinating.... Drugs? I don't think so ... no ... no ... No, she's never had a lot of friends—always been a bit of a loner ... yes ... yes, tomorrow at eleven would be great; thanks a lot, Doctor Holmes ... Okay ... ’bye....”
More dialing.
—Melody ...—
It was an anguished cry, one barely heard, but one Melody felt from her tailbone into the base of her skull. It clawed at her soul like nothing she had ever felt before in her life. She inhaled sharply with its shared agony. She squeezed her eyes closed as hard as she could, her chin jammed into her chest. With great defiance she thought:
—We are One, Yaeko!—
"Rich? Hi, it's me, Maggie. H-How are you? ... Distracted? No! ... I mean, well, yes—yes, a little.... Do I sound it? ... I—huh? No, it's not that, no ... It's Melody.... Yeah ... yeah ... Well, she's having some trouble ... she's getting mixed up with the wrong sort at school and I'm at my wits end right now as to what to do with it.... Yeah…. Drugs? No, I don't think so; I mean, I really hope not, but you can never really tell these days.... No ... I was just wondering if I couldn't put her on a plane in the next day or so and have her stay with you for a few weeks extra; I mean, I know she's on her way there in just a few weeks anyway, so I'd really appreciate it.... I just need to figure out what to do ... Would that be too much of an imposition? No? Thank you so much, Rich. She'll be so excited to see Carl again—how's his college going? Great ... great ... yeah, I'll be all right, it's just been a little rough here lately, lots of teen angst, you know how it can get ... Yeah ... Yeah, we had a bit of a falling out today...."
—Melody, I need you. Please don't leave me ...—
Melody could feel the grief in her best friend's soul. She could somehow hear her tears, and knew, somehow, that Yaeko was sitting in her darkened bedroom, in her wheelchair, alone ... utterly alone ...
"... yeah, just a typical teenager ... You know, boys, boys, boys, nobody understands her, the whole world is against her.... Guess you can never fully prepare for the day when your baby becomes a teenybopper...."
—I’m coming, Yaeko.—
Her mother was in the kitchen, leaning against the sink, the phone to her ear, when Melody emerged from her bedroom. She had stuffed her purple backpack full of clothes; she slung it over her right shoulder as she walked towards her.
Her mother spied her immediately and jerked the phone down to her navel, covering it swiftly with the palm of her hand.
"Get back into your room right now!" she hissed fiercely.
Melody strode forward, ignoring her.
"NOW!" Maggie screamed.
"I'm going to Yaeko's," said Melody quietly. She kept walking ...
"YOU WILL DO NO SUCH THING!" shrieked her mother, dropping the telephone on the stove as she hurried from the kitchen, barring Melody's progress towards the front door.
"I—am—” Melody clenched her eyes closed. “—going—to—Yaeko's."
She opened her eyes, took another step forward.
"YOU ARE GOING NOWHERE, YOUNG LADY, WITHOUT MY EXPRESS PERMISSION. GO TO YOUR ROOM RIGHT THIS INSTANT!"
"No." Melody screwed her eyes shut again. Despite that, she took another step forward ...
"NOW!"
An inhuman voice. "No."
Melody opened her eyes—
Her mother screamed.
A muffled explosion sounded in one of the kitchen cabinets. A nanosecond later, and sounding like a machine gun being fired at close range, every cabinet door in the kitchen flew open, shattering on impact, leaving the hinges holding only torn wooden remnants. Chunks of wood flew everywhere. Maggie fell to her knees, still screaming, covering her head. Tinny sounds, rapid—pop!pop!pop!pop!—as drinking glasses and stemware exploded, filling the air with shards of flying glass. The refrigerator door banged open and closed—WHUMPF!—WHUMPF!—WHUMPF!—the contents inside it flying out and splattering everywhere, the entire appliance vibrating freakishly, threatening to topple over. The oven door slammed open and closed, then ripped entirely off its hinges with a metallic shriek, careening dangerously through the air and into the refrigerator corner first. It struck with such force that it stuck. The telephone lifted from the stove and hung in mid-air for one placid moment before abruptly tearing through the kitchen window and into the deepening twilight. In the living room, the couch levitated clean off the floor; it tore itself apart as it crashed into one wall and back, finally colliding with the lounger and into the computer, which exploded with the impact.
Yaeko's cry of total agony reverberated through Melody’s being:
—MELODY!—
Melody knew she was the cause of that anguish—even though Yaeko couldn’t see her—and also knew disconnectedly that she couldn’t stop herself. She was hanging on for dear life to something powerful inside her that had broken loose and now galloped free. She couldn’t rein it in or get control of it. She felt the beast boiling inside her, and knew it had taken command of her soul. It was coming out now—and her mother was in its direct path. Her mom would be hurt. She’d ... be killed.
Maggie was screaming so forcefully her voice broke from the strain; she was still on her knees, her arms protectively clutching her head. She’d been struck by debris and was bleeding—but she still couldn't keep from staring upward at her daughter at random moments through the fearsome maelstrom as it whipped harmlessly around her: her daughter, the love of her life, whose arms were extended out from her sides, her fists balled, her body shaking as if from violent fever; her daughter, her flesh and blood, whose eyes were glowing blue rings—or red as demon's blood when she clenched them closed, which she did often; her daughter, whose voice seemed to transcend the cacophony around her, a voice that raged:
"I—AM—GOING—TO—YAEKO'S!"
Then, suddenly, abruptly—it all stopped. There was a final moment, the sound of wood and glass and twisted metal crashing and settling … and then: surreal and absolute silence. Maggie uncovered her head and looked tremulously, cautiously up, her face bleeding in half a dozen places from cuts caused by flying shrapnel that once made up her kitchen.
She whispered, terrified, “B-Bug?”
Her daughter stood, shaking so hard it appeared she would fall at any moment. Her head was thrown back, her eyes red circular orbs casting a hateful hellish glow upon the ceiling. She was whispering: "No ... no ... accept ... no ... Momma, no ... accept ... accept ... Momma ..."
What came out of her then seemed so inhuman, so dark with rage that Maggie curled instinctively into herself, her heart stopped cold.
"I—SAID—NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!”
The entire house jolted suddenly, as if hit by a major earthquake. Plaster dust fell around them; and from Melody's open eyes shot twin beams of blinding blue-white light, beams like brilliant lasers. The sound was like lightning striking just inches away. Melody's mouth was opened to its limits; she was screaming as if possessed.
And then it went totally quiet. Maggie waited, frightened out of her mind, her heart in her neck. She lifted her chin very tentatively, afraid to look, afraid not to ...
Melody was staring straight at her. Her eyes were normal again, her pretty face almost beatific with agony.
"Momma," she cried quietly, "Momma ... it hurts ... it hurts ... I'm sorry ..."
And then her little girl collapsed three feet in front of her, where she lay motionless.



Chapter 21
Ye Scurvy Dog
Welcome to the Scurvy Dog. What can I get for you?”
The pretty bartender eyed the tall, handsome, middle-aged man as he entered the darkened pub and sat at a corner stool along a deserted length of the bar. She placed a square white napkin in front of him and waited. He looked up at her and said:
“Jameson. And a Guinness. Please.”
His accent was Scottish or Irish, his green eyes instantly compelling, cutting straight through to the deepest, unlighted recesses of her soul. Above those eyes were mischievous, arcing eyebrows, giving his visage a slightly malevolent appearance, an incurious Devil keeping watch over the fiery pits of the damned. His beard was gray, short, and very neatly trimmed, the chin beneath strong and sure, his clothing casual and clean, a sporty dark brown blazer with a striped shirt underneath and matching slacks. She guessed he worked as a professor or at his own business, one that didn’t require a tie (one he wouldn’t wear anyway, she thought). 
Unlike most men that entered this tavern, he didn’t slump down in his seat, or place his elbows dejectedly on the bar: instead he sat straight but relaxed, his broad, powerful chest forward, his hands resting casually in his lap. The look he had given her as he voiced his request contained the slightest trace of subdued resignation, of charged exhaustion. But this was a man who understood that somewhere in his being was the fuel that would keep him going, a source that was ultimately undepletable. She thought of the many other men that turned up here, men defeated, disconsolate, depressed; she thought how she hated comparing one man to another, but how this man forced the comparison—and how that comparison seemed entirely just and natural. And despite being at least twenty-five years his junior (or so, she guessed), she found herself wishing he’d put his left hand on the bar. For some reason she found herself thinking of nobility, of royalty … and of Neil Young.
She reached beneath the bar, still looking at him, fetching a shot glass and placing it on the napkin. “Be right back,” she smiled. She wheeled about and walked the six steps to the other end of the rectangular enclosure, where she grabbed a half-full green bottle from a lower cabinet and returned. She poured the Irish whiskey until the shot glass brimmed with the clear liquid, then turned to the row of beer taps where she topped off a tall mug full of stout Guinness. She returned and placed it before him. She watched as he lifted the shot glass with his left hand—no ring—tilting his head and emptying the contents into his open mouth with one deft movement. 
She decided to take a chance. 
“Do you like Neil Young?” she asked, refilling the small glass.
After a moment’s hesitation he nodded. “Yes. Yes, I do.”
“Let me guess. Belfast.”
“Dublin.”
“Daphne.”
He knocked back the second shot. She noticed that he didn’t wince as he swallowed, but merely pursed his lips for an instant. He plunked the empty glass back on the bar. His green eyes never left hers.
“Aedan.”
“Aedan … that’s a lovely name.”
“Thank you, Daphne. Yours too.”
She smiled.
“Neil Young…?”
“Huh? Oh, right.” She poured him a third shot. “Neil Young. ‘Heart of Gold.’ For some reason, looking at you, I thought of that song. Now—why would that be?”
“I have no idea, Daphne.”
She sang, “ ‘… I crossed the ocean for a heart of gold …’ ”
That incurious devil’s gaze sharpened tenfold, a laser beam taking aim at its target and focusing its intense power on it.
“Pardon me?”
“Sorry,” Daphne rolled her eyes, inwardly taken aback by that intimidating change; “I’m a terrible singer. So … did you cross the ocean for a heart of gold?”
He stared ahead for a moment, considering, and then nodded. A country song unexpectedly blared to life from an unseen corner in the back; he had to raise his voice to speak over it. “It was not my initial consideration,” he said, taking a swig of beer, “but yes. I crossed the ocean … for a heart of gold.”
“Lucky girl,” Daphne said, smiling.
“It’s not like that,” he said brusquely. He sighed after a short pause, his countenance softening. “The truth is, it wasn’t one heart I found, but two.”
“Two? Wow. I think I need to hear about this—”
An old woman’s voice cackled from the other end of the bar, “Hey, sweet cheeks, Sean Connery there ain’t the only patron in this ’stablishment tonight.”
Daphne glanced over her shoulder, and then back at the green-eyed man, who watched her steadily. “ ‘Sweet cheeks’?” he grinned, a devilish eyebrow rising.
“Duty calls,” she sighed. “Enjoy your drinks … Aedan.” She smiled and stepped away from him. As she approached the other end of the rectangular bar the woman’s voice crepitated, “Just ’cause we ain’t as good lookin’, sweetheart, don’t mean our money ain’t as green!”
Daphne tended the woman patiently, who continued to abuse her loudly, before moving away to check on the pub’s other patrons, who were scattered here and there in booths along the room’s perimeter and out of sight in the gloom. 
Conor couldn’t see the woman with Daphne’s back blocking the view; but now that the attractive bartender had left, he peered across the way to see who’d been raising such a fuss.
It was an old woman, sure enough. She was skeletal and weathered, with a craggy face, a witchy, broken beak of a nose, and dyed yellow hair pulled stiffly behind her head. The blonde dye job seemed to glow, reminding him of the crescent of a new moon just as it rises off the horizon. She wore a thin, tight black tank top trimmed in inch-wide lace, exposing bony shoulders. A garish hot-pink bra strap showed on one side; it fell down a toothpick-thin, tattoo-covered arm. She didn’t seem to notice it or even care. The tattoos were all skulls and flames and dragons and a plethora of Olde English-scripted names, all male, all faded and drooping. She held a cigarette between two very long, bony fingers, her pointed elbows propped forward on the bar. When she spoke she did so out the corner of her mouth; it was the same corner she’d eventually insert the cigarette; then it would be the other corner of her maw she’d natter out of. The cigarette jerked up and down as she perorated, the gray smoke rising in lazy curls past her squinting, heavily crow-footed eyes.
She launched into a loud, rasping monologue.
“No damn respect, not a lick…. Kids used to respect their elders … If I acted that way, fawnin’ and droolin’ all over the payin’ customers at a job, I’d be fired like that”—she snapped her thin fingers sharply. “Nope, no damn respect at all…. I come in here; all I want is a drink and a quiet hour to enjoy it in…. Kids today think they don’t have to answer to nobody, wearin’ their low-rise jeans an’ takin’ their de-signer drugs…. Can’t find no good damn help no more, no siree.”
“What are you on about, woman?”
The large round mass in the beer-stained white NASCAR T-shirt to her immediate right had spoken. He hadn’t bothered lifting his head, only rotating it slightly in her direction, so that the bill of his faded red baseball cap no longer pointed straight down over his beer, hiding his face, but diagonally towards her drink.
“I’m talkin’ ‘bout respect, Bud! And my name is Midge, not woman,” she spat, glaring down at the drab cap. “All I’m sayin’ is when I bartended I treated ever’one as an equal, no fav’rites…. I certainly didn’t slobber over ever’ Sean Connery happened in the joint….”
Bud bellowed at her, “You got fired for prostitutin’ at this very bar not ten years ago!”
“Oh, on with you!” She took a long drag from her cigarette. “Damn cops could never prove nothin’ …”
“It’s how I met you!”
“You’re drunk.”
The thin man to her left butt in, his voice a gravelly growl:
“Will both of you just shut your mouths…?”
He too slumped over his drink, the bill of his blue cap pointing down as well; now it too angled towards her beer. She glanced out the corner of her eye at him, the canyons on her cracked face peeling back scornfully.
“We wasn’t talkin’ to you, Skeeter.” She blew a streamer of gray smoke from the open corner of her thin lips at his head. It glanced off his cap and rose in a dissipating silver cloud and out of sight. “Just ‘cause you’re the mayor don’t give you the right to order us around.” She took another long drag, shook her head disdainfully. “Skeeter Cranston, Mayor of Imperial Beach. God in heaven above, help us lowly damned below! Never thought I’d see the damn day …”
“I thought you said you voted for me!” he roared, not bothering to look up at her.
“I lied,” she cackled. “I was just trying to make ya’ feel good there, Skeety. ’Sides, I got a free drink from it at your so-called vict’ry party, didn’t I?” She took another sip of beer and snickered derisively: “A bunch of your loser high school surfer buddies was all it was. Do you even remember high school, Skeeter? Bet ya’ don’t. As I recall, you were just about the sorriest drunk stoner in the lot—I mean the parkin’ lot, where you was passed out in your woodie half the damn time ...”
“I was the officer who arrested you!” the round man on the other side yelled, quite disconnected from the current conversation.
“Hey Bud,” growled Skeeter conspiratorially, “remember that flower tattoo ol’ Midge got all those years ago? The one on her boob? Bet it’s sagged into a palm tree by now, whaddya think?”
The two men nodded while chortling, their heads like bobble dolls in the back of a car, the sound like Batman’s archenemy the Penguin snickering in stereo. Midge sat straight, her cigarette hanging casually between two fingers. She stared stoically straight ahead, waiting.
“Pfft on both of you,” she said without looking at either of them. She tapped her cigarette with irritation and then took a swig of the amber liquid in front of her. “The damn point I’m tryin’ to make—and which you two brain-dead apes are simply too stupid to understand—is respect. I am a local, an original—”
“An original piece of work,” murmured Bud. “Hell, woman, you’re so old you lit the fuse for the Big Bang!”
“She’s so old, the key on Ben Franklin’s kite was to her apartment!” snorted Skeeter.
“She’s so old she waitressed the Last Supper!” shot back Bud.
“She’s so old—”
“As I was sayin’ before I was so rudely interrupted, I am a local. That de-serves at least a modicum of respect!” 
She glared at each man in his turn, then grunted, “Hmmpf!”
When neither man answered her, she focused her attention forward, took another drink and rasped, “Oughta de-port ever’ last one of ‘em, ya’ know, ever’ non-local here. They’re ruinin’ the place, takin’ it over! When that damn Pier fell into the ocean way back when they shouldn’ta built another damn one. Keep all them tourists and snooty types from movin’ here. They should take a damn wreckin’ ball to it—tomorrow! Do this town a lot of good. You listenin’ to me, Mayor Skeeter?”
“Kenneth,” muttered the man to her left.
Midge laughed. The noise was startling, the sound of a crow’s caws set at high speed and an octave higher. She continued cackling raucously for some time, and then coughed: a nicotine cough: the sound of concrete blocks smashing against granite. “Kenneth!” she got out, then coughed some more. Then: “No, no—how ‘bout ‘Mr. Mayor’?” She laughed even louder. The men’s caps remained down, the bills of each once again pointing solipsistically over their own drinks.
When she finally composed herself, she continued, “The point is, Mr. Now-You’re-Better’n-the-Rest-of-Us, you should take a damn wreckin’ ball to that Pier tomorrow! I mean it! Then run everybody out that don’t belong here! I say, if ya’ ain’t livin’ here, ya’ ain’t livin’ here!”
The bill of Bud’s cap jerked upward slightly, then swung left and right like a tired pendulum. Skeeter snorted.
“Cut ‘er off!” bellowed Bud.
“You listenin’ to yourself, Midge?” asked Skeeter scornfully; then, in a mock police voice, ordered, “Put the drink down and step away from the bar!”
“Cut ‘er off!” bellowed Bud again.
Daphne, busily tending customers in the booths and wiping down tables, glanced over at the man named Aedan, who watched the trio, that slight, detached smile back on his lips, his own beer nearly finished.
“Too bad the storm that destroyed the first Pier didn’t wash your bony bottom out to sea,” said Bud, who took another gulp from his mug. “It just dumped you where you belong—in the gutter.”
Both men chuckled again. The weathered old woman, however, did not appear to take great offense at the verbal battering coming at her from both sides; she merely tapped the dwindling cigarette in her grasp into the clamshell ashtray just in front of her with sure rapidity, squinting obdurately forward. She waited until they fell silent.
“That’s not funny,” she said flatly. She took a final drag from the stump between her fingers, and then grinded it out. “I felt that wave hit the bar—”
“Why the hell you were even in the bar that day is beyond me … I mean, I know you take to the bottle like a baby to a nipple, but—” Bud snorted incredulously, the bill of his cap moving left, right, left, right—“I mean … you do know, don’t you, that this bar is less than a hundred feet from the Pacific Ocean—don’t you? You know—ocean? Big water, big waves? You know, dangerous to be around during hurricanes? Ever hear of a little somethin’ called a storm swell?”
“Hell no!” hollered Skeeter. “ ‘What’s a “sworm stell”?’ She was having herself a good mornin’ Dack Janiels!” He laughed. “I swear, woman, every time you pee you lose IQ points ...”
“As—I—was—sayin’,” scowled Midge, “ I felt that huge wave hit the bar. It was right after the most incredible soundin’ lightnin’ storm of all time, right on damn top a me! Almost went deaf! Damn wave hit right after, an’ it felt like a damn bomb’d gone off! But oh—” she shivered involuntarily, wrapping her emaciated arms around herself—“before that it was pitch black—the lights had gone out—darker’n midnight in a coffin in the middle a hell! An’ it was cold, this awful, bitin’ cold, colder’n anything I ever felt before in my en-tire life, before or since! And I was born an’ raised in Alaska! That cold went right to the bone, it did. And then … and then … it was like—” Midge shuddered visibly in her seat, her voice dropping to a near whisper—“it was like … like the Devil himself had come to git me. It … sounded like … like …” Her face went blank, her eyes wide with horror. “... like Satan’s own angels was just outside the walls there, screamin’ and cryin’ in the stormin’ water …”
Skeeter Cranston groaned into his own beer, “We’ve heard this story about a hundred thousand times now, Midge …”
Bud’s left hand came up behind her back; his fingers opening and closing rapidly, mimicking a rapidly opening and closing mouth.
But Midge hadn’t noticed either of them. She continued:
“In the midst of all this lightnin’ was this in-fernal Satanic noise—it was like … like a church choir bein’ burned alive—I swear to Jesus my lord and savior it was ... The water … I could hear it risin’ just outside the walls, gettin’ louder and louder, this deep gurglin’ roar…. And it was gettin’ colder, ever colder, just suckin’ the livin’ soul right outta me…. Well, I says to myself, well, Midge ol’ gal, if ya’ gotta go, then have yourself one more snort and kiss your sweet little hiney good-bye! I fumbled around for that bottle in the blackness and tipped it but good, yes I did! Went down the hatch like sweetened battery acid! I was shakin’ like a leaf. And very next thing, there was a … a … a beautiful blue flash, just heavenly it was, and then a terrible crash: and the lightnin’ storm suddenly stopped, and the waters just rushed in!—but that freezin’ damnable cold was gone! Hell, that frothin’ seawater felt like skinny dippin’ in the Bahamas compared to it! ... That water just grabbed ahold a me and pushed me right on out the damn door and into the light! I just remember laughin’ and laughin’, happy to be a-live! And then—” her face rose up, radiant with joy—“and then …”
“We know, we know,” sighed Bud, “the glowin’ blue seagull. Oh sweet Jesus, just stick a Glock in my teeth and pull the trigger, I beseech thee! We’ve heard this a million times, woman—”
“—try a billion,” grunted the mayor.
“—this oh-so-beautiful glowin’ blue seagull was flyin’ over the bar, into the storm, as if the blowin’ wind and drivin’ rain couldn’t touch it....” 
Bud snorted into his drink. “Know what? I just wish it had took a big glowin’ blue crap on your head before it de-parted!”
Midge came back to earth. Glancing at both of them, her face one of deadly serious earnestness, she rasped, “I will not discuss with you inebriated ne’er-do-wells a holy vision from God himself! But while we’re mentionin’ it, it was not a seagull, it was a crane; and I’ll have you beer-stained Barka loungers know that was an angel come to save me, I know it! Bertha, my psychic, told me. It was my guardian angel! Now gettin’ back to the ’riginal topic, all I’m sayin’ is that there was most definitely a de-monic presence in this very room that day. I know there was. An … evil. Horrible evil! I was there; I know!”
“The only evil happened that day was the amount of perfectly good hooch that was lost!” bellowed Kenneth “Skeeter” Cranston. “Damn bar was shut down for an entire year after that hurricane!”
Bud belched, then said ruefully, “Helluva storm, that was. Came out of absolutely nowhere. Not even the weather forecasters saw it comin’. It just blew in outta thin air!”
“Weather forecasters couldn’t forecast the business end of their backside if their head was stuck up it,” cackled Midge. “Which it is.”
“The point is,” Bud continued, irritated, “it came from nowhere! Damn near destroyed the entire city too. Don’t forget: lots of people died, two on that Pier!”
“Never did find their bodies …” added Skeeter quietly.
“I’ll never forget it,” said Bud, shaking his head. “I was at the cop shop when one of ‘em called in on his walkie-talkie. He musta been at the restaurant at the end or somethin’. He kept screamin’ ‘Shadow! Shadow! There’s a black shadow on the Pier!’ Then he screams: ‘Death! Death! It’s Death! It’s comin’ closer!’ ”
Bud’s voice went very low. “And then—the most horrible scream you’d ever hear a grown man make. Then silence. Total silence. Just empty static on the walkie-talkie. I’ll never forget it. We couldn’t even send men out there, the rain was flyin’ sideways in buckets, the damned streets were rivers, the lightnin’ was like God almighty and the Devil wagin’ a full-scale war—you remember that lightnin’, Ken?—shut up, woman, we’ve heard your soap opera already. I swear to God, it looked like the friggin’ a-pocalypse out there!”
A pause, then he shivered, “… still have nightmares over that damn scream …”
Midge sneered in his direction, then said, “Aw, c’mon, Bud. You know he was a-boozin’ or a-cokin’. Get real. ’Sides, what the hell was he and that other bozo doin’ out on the Pier durin’ a damn hurricane anyway?”
“They were structural engineers from the Port Authority, you ignorant broad!” yelled Skeeter from the other side. “They was probably caught on it! That storm came in from nothin’! It’s surprisin’ more people didn’t die on it! Those men was probably doin’ their job—somethin’ completely for’n to you—when the hurricane appeared!”
“How do you know what that man saw at the end of the Pier that day wasn’t real?”
The handsome middle-aged man at the corner stool across from them had spoken. The bills of two baseballs caps came up abruptly in unison (Midge had never stopped looking at him the instant he entered the bar); all three now stared straight at him. A surprised moment passed. Then the trio burst out laughing, a pair of penguins torturing a raven. Finally Bud roared, “Cut ‘im off, barkeep! Our friend over there has had eeee-nough!”
But the man simply stared at them as they laughed, that same indifferent half smile on his lips. When they quieted he said:
“Name is Conor.”
“Well, Mr. Conor,” said Bud between fading chuckles, “you sound just like Doris McKetchum.”
“Bag-lady Doris?” said the mayor of Imperial Beach.
“One and the same,” said Bud.
“I remember her,” rasped Midge. “Owner banned her from ever comin’ here again. Musta been fifteen years ago.”
“Somethin’ like that,” said Skeeter. He took a large gulp from his mug, swallowed hard, and then explained: “Homeless, Mr. Conor. Used to have screamin’ fights with nobody at all. You’d be havin’ a nice walk to the park next to the Pier with your family, maybe after church on Sunday, and there she’d be, sittin’ on a park bench, usin’ ever’ four-letter word in the book—and loudly. Police’d toss her in the drunk tank every night, but there she’d be next mornin’, back at the park, screamin’ her head off.”
“The point I’m tryin’ to make for Mr. Conor,” said Bud impatiently, “is that she’d ask the same thing he just did—in her more lucid moments, that is, which wasn’t many. ‘How do you know that so-and-so ain’t real?’ And then she’d come up with the damndest things, like—”
“—like that damn Pier!” screeched Midge. “ ’Member how she’d always say, ‘The Pier goes on forever! I’ve seen it! You just have to believe!’ And then she’d start quotin’ the Bible or somethin’—Revelations or Moses or Mel Gibson ...”
“Why did she think the Pier went on forever?” asked Conor.
“Oh, who knows,” said Bud with a dismissive wave of his hand. “Cripes, I used to arrest that woman eight days a week when I was on the force—almost as much as the Wicked Witch of the West right next to me here—” He jerked a thumb at Midge, who shot him a look of squinting disparagement but kept her mouth shut. “She always talked about angels emergin’ from the ‘other side,’ and how she had gotten a glimpse of the ‘other side’ when one came through it one night. Very next thing she’d be on about how she’d just smoked a joint with Jimi Hendrix behind the Dog here and how he’d penned the ‘New, New Testament by God the Semi-Competent’ on rollin’ papers and how he’d shared ‘the knowledge of the world to come’ with her. She knew the answers, she did!”
“What happened to Doris?” said Conor.
“Suicide,” said Bud in a matter-of-fact police voice. “Climbed over the railing at the end of the Pier, fell over and drowned. Found her body wrapped around a pylon after a fisherman pulled up her filthy brown sweater. Remember that thing, Mr. Mayor?”
Skeeter nodded, grumbling in disgust, and then emptied the remaining contents of his mug into his wide-open mouth.
“Guess she really did believe in that idiotic Pier-to-forever claptrap,” rasped Midge. “Well, I say good riddance.” She grinded her latest cigarette out, twisting it with great attention, as if doing so lent gravitas to her words. “She was a royal nuisance from day one—and so’s that Pier, Mr. Mayor. We should destroy it to keep the crazies from congregatin’ down there….”
And then the three of them were off, arguing about “the homeless problem” and how the Doris McKetchums of the world should be tossed in jail and the key tossed—on this the three of them agreed unanimously. Then ensued a rather fierce discussion of how Jesus Christ never really advocated for the homeless and the downtrodden, that it was “the liberals” who had put such words into his mouth; that the scriptures were “very, very clear” on the matter: Jesus was a get-tough conservative who’d’ve had very little compassion for Doris McKetchum and all like her.
Daphne had finished her rounds, including tending to these three, and was now leaning casually against the back bar, listening to the conversation, her arms loosely crossed, a white bar towel slung over one shoulder. When it appeared that Midge, Bud, and Skeeter had forgotten about the mysterious man at the other end of the bar, she glanced at him—he was already watching her—and decided to approach his corner. She leaned over the bar and asked, noticing that his beer was nearly gone:
“Another?”
He nodded silently.
When Daphne returned with a fresh mug, he placed a large bill on the bar. “Drinks and tip.” He pushed it towards her. And watching her eyes widen at the denomination, said, cutting her off, “Keep it. And not a word out of ye.” 
She pocketed the bill hesitantly, trying not to stare at it. “Thank you, Aedan ...” And then, to lighten the transaction (and to assuage his scowl for going against his order), she leaned back over the counter. “Do you get that a lot?—the Sean Connery bit I mean?”
He shrugged, and then took a sip of fresh beer. “Sometimes,” he said. “Not often. Think I look like him?”
“No … not really …” She tilted her head, studied him playfully. “To be truthful, you look more like … like a cross between a Celtic god and a sorcerer to me.”
He smiled.
“So,” she said, leaning slightly closer, “tell me more about those hearts of gold, Mr. Miner.”
“What would you like to know?”
“Oh, I don’t know … They must be pretty special to be so important to you.”
He nodded, his smile mellowing. “They are. But it’s funny …” He paused, collecting his thoughts. “It’s … difficult to think of them as ‘both,’ as separate. So it may not be two, but a single heart of gold. And yet they may be the most unique individuals I have ever encountered in my life.”
“Wow,” smiled Daphne.
“Have a pen?”
“Pen? Sure … here—” She fished a blue fountain pen out of her black apron pocket and handed it to him. 
He took the square white napkin next to his empty shot glass and drew a neat curve resembling—a question mark?—on it. She noticed the rock-solid assurance of his hand as it drew, the squareness and firmness of it, the vital, confident power in the knuckles.
“I’ve been thinking about this a lot today,” he said. “What I mean to say is … the thing about a heart is it has two equal halves.” He drew another question mark-like curve: this one faced backward and touched the first at its top and bottom. The resulting heart was perfect. “One without the other is functionless, meaningless.” He turned the napkin around so that the heart faced her. “But together, anything becomes possible.”
He looked up from the heart, peered straight into hers, and then asked:
“Tell me, Daphne. What if the Pier really does go on forever?”
She chuckled once, impulsively; then, seeing that he was dead serious, withdrew slightly. She stared into those potent emerald eyes.
“I … I don’t know, Aedan….” she finally answered, feeling fear brush against her soul. She was suddenly conscious of being uncomfortably warm, of being coated in a thin layer of sweat, as though she’d been abruptly shoved under a bright spotlight in front of thousands. She thought: It’s a harmless question, a silly question even…. He’s smiling faintly at me now, the corners of his mouth are rising; so why does it feel like my answer will determine the course of the rest of my life? Her chest and lungs felt tight and inelastic. She searched his eyes, which stared back into hers steadily, unnervingly.
“I … I think,” she began slowly, “I think that … that … perhaps … there is a—a Pier in … in each of us …” 
He nodded slightly; that made her feel a bit better; she pressed on, speaking almost before the words registered in her brain: “... and that ... that Pier is our birthright. And … and for those courageous enough to truly see, to walk it, to walk it, they discover ... sooner or later ... that that Pier really does go … on … for … ever …” She had finished in a whisper and then with a gasp, her blue eyes widening to saucers.
As she had spoken, the mysterious Irishman turned the napkin back around and retraced the right half of the heart ... only now the ink was no longer blue: somehow, magically, it had changed to a fine, sparkling golden hue, almost three-dimensional in appearance, with tiny white flashes throughout it. He added a lovely regal gold flourish to the top; the right side now looked like a fancy question mark with a curly-Q top. As he traced over the left side, a deep burgundy red flowed briefly over the blue. He clicked the pen and laid it on the bar.
The jukebox started playing another country song as he looked into her eyes.
Daphne reached unconsciously for the napkin, incredulous.
“How did you …” she whispered, unaware that she was speaking, “how did you do that—?”
The entire building suddenly shook very violently. The startling sounds of smashing glass and the surprised screams and yells of patrons—“Earthquake! Earthquake! Get outside, hurry!”—an immediately choking cloud of dust and smoke that appeared out of nowhere … And then utter quiet, almost as disquieting as the trembler. 
Daphne yelled, “Aedan, get outside!” and vanished into the gloom at a full run, presumably to get the tavern’s other patrons out the door, some of whom had already chosen to do so on their own. They stumbled and laughed hysterically as they passed him. 
Conor had stood and backed quickly away from the swaying, falling mugs and glasses that hung just a couple feet above his head. He glanced around quickly, getting his bearings, having been momentarily disoriented … He called out, “Daphne, do ye need help?” But the cacophony around him drowned out his voice.
Midge, Bud, and Skeeter sat where they were, as if nothing at all had just happened. A small, thin streamer of white spackle dust poured from the cracked ceiling directly into Midge’s beer; she paid no attention to it. She lifted the mug and took a long, deep swig. She lowered it and belched like a bullfrog being electrocuted. “It’s just a small shaker, you wimpy for’ners!” she screeched. “You ain’t never felt a real Cal-I-forn-I-ay head-knocker before, ya’ yellabellies! Like I said, if ya’ ain’t livin’ here, ya’ ain’t livin’ here! Fools....”
Bud, glancing to Conor’s left, yelled, “Holy Jesus on a Harley, Mister! What Hell’s Angels chapter do you belong to?”
A hand fell on Conor’s shoulder that very moment. He spun about.
A strong man with wild gray eyes looked at him. The man had short, almost white disheveled hair, and a gruesome pink scar running from the top of his skull down his face and neck, disappearing beneath the collar of his half-zipped brown leather flight jacket. The jacket bore an ornate, embroidered patch over the left breast, a fierce-looking black-and-white seahawk with a dripping red talon swooping over a striped and ringed planet. The man ignored Bud, who gawked at him.
“Highness,” Commander Jelignite said quietly and urgently to his king, “we have a serious problem….”
~~*~~
Daphne, exhausted, fell back against her couch, leaning her head back and closing her eyes. It was late—well past 2 a.m., the usual time she got off work at the pub. She had spent the rest of her shift, nearly three hours, helping the pub’s owners clean up the huge mess and assessing the extensive damage from the earthquake, and the smaller aftershock that occurred soon after. The police had come shortly after the first shaker and demanded the bar close; looters, they claimed, was the reason. Daphne pushed the rest of the bar’s stodgiest, drunkest patrons—Midge, Bud, and Skeeter were the last to go and the drunkest of the drunkest—out into the night before joining her bosses in their duties, afraid for her cockatiel, Jade, who was waiting for her at home, hoping she and her few meager possessions were all right.
Jade was none the worse for wear. The white bird squawked grumpily at her as she opened the door; and after a brief inspection, Daphne concluded her little second-floor apartment survived relatively unscathed as well. Some of her plants had spilled over; an old drinking glass had fallen from the kitchen’s bar and shattered; and there was a new, interesting, lightning-shaped crack running from the corner of her living room window down into the carpet … But by and large, everything else appeared undamaged.
What a day, she thought. What a wild day …
Jade, perched in her cage next to the television, started raising an even bigger fuss.
“In a minute!” Daphne chided the bird, her eyes still shut. “Just let me rest. I’ve had an amazing day....”
And then it hit her. Her eyes flashed open.
She shot straight up, glancing down at her black apron. At the right pocket. A tiny corner of a white napkin peeked out at her from it, right next to a very large bill and the magic fountain pen. In the chaos and confusion she had completely forgotten about all three, as well as the green-eyed magician. She had not seen him go. In the total chaos following the earthquake she had forgotten about him, about his gift …
Hesitatingly, almost cautiously, Daphne reached inside the pocket and pulled the square white napkin out, and then the pen, ignoring the large bill. She unfolded the napkin, turned it over. She stared disbelievingly at it.
She gawked at the heart for a very long time, her exhaustion forgotten. She didn’t sleep that night; and found herself at the end of the Pier in the late afternoon the following day, the vast Pacific ocean stretching invitingly before her. On the napkin, one half of the drawn heart was golden, almost three-dimensional in appearance, almost as if it wanted to lift off the paper and float, alive. 
The other half remained inert. 
A night and a day of fighting to coax more magical, colorful ink from the ordinary blue fountain pen had met with utter failure.
The Celtic sorcerer had crossed an ocean for a heart of gold, he told her ...
Instead he had found two hearts of gold, two hearts that were really one ...
But the ocean he had crossed wasn’t this one. Nor was it any ocean on Earth, for that matter. She was sure of it.
A seagull cried out from atop the small lighthouse tower over the restaurant. She glanced over her shoulder at it, then back over the cool navy waters in front of her, then back at the napkin in her grip.
A heart of gold ...
A Pier to forever ...
Close to an answer now, an answer she had nearly grasped at the bar last night, Daphne made her way down the Pier for home, the napkin tucked safely away in her hoodie pocket, a slight, almost serene smile on her face.



Chapter 22
The River to the Sankyan
Conor’s Jaguar roared into the Singleton’s driveway, screeched to a halt. He and Commander Jelignite burst out of it, rushing past a stationed female guard garbed in a brown and black uniform at the open front picket gate, who stiffened into a hasty, startled salute upon sight of her king. At the foot of the debris-strewn dining room Conor stopped cold. He swore under his breath.
Melody lay sprawled face down two feet in front of him, a small pool of dark blood under her chin, her left arm draped limply over her purple backpack. She appeared dead, her face pallid and tinged blue-gray. Completely forgetting what his first had told him in the car on the way here, Conor immediately knelt, reaching for her—but the Kumiyaay instantly grabbed him gruffly under his armpit, lifting him back and away from her.
“Sire—don’t touch her! It’s dangerous—deadly. The mother—” Commander Jelignite jerked his chin towards the living room—
Conor looked at his friend, bewildered, and then followed his gaze. 
Maggie. Maggie in the living room, being restrained by two more Kumiyaay.
She was screaming, her voice a shredded shriek. Her face and arms had been very badly burned. She didn’t seem to notice them. Her eyes were wild, unhinged, her brown hair tousled and in her face. He glanced back down at Melody. Back at her mother.
“GET OUT!” she screamed. “GET OUT! YOU KILLER! YOU BASTARD! YOU KILLED MY BABY! YOU KILLED MY BABY!”
He glanced down at Melody, yelled to Commander Jelignite: “Maggie got those burns from her?”
“Yes, Sire,” he said. “We’re certain of it.”
“I don’t see a hostile aecxis within her,” said Conor. “We can’t just let her lie there!”
“We’ve sent for the Healers,” said the Supreme Commander.
Conor looked back at Maggie. It was then that the rest of his surroundings came into full focus.
It appeared as though a Kansas tornado had torn through the small home. Glass, paper, catalogs, twisted scraps of metal, bits of differently colored plastic, and the home’s furniture, which had been shattered and ripped apart and piled on each other, greeted his stare; the entire length of the west wall of the living room had met with some savage force (the earthquake?); it had buckled outward and was in a precarious state of near collapse, a huge horizontal crack running across its width through its center. The computer lay in a twisted heap in a far corner, far from the now-splintered and -crushed desk it once stood upon. Somehow the back sliding door had escaped the destructive force that had rampaged through the rest of the house, as well as the living room lamp and the kitchen lights, all of which were on. Conor thought he could smell smoke.
He stared helplessly, caught in fearful irresolution: a thick, coagulating gray paste oozing over his essence like quicksand. An infinitely important girl was at his feet, unconscious, possibly dying, possibly dead … and over there, her injured mother—a friend—insane with fear and hatred, who this very instant was struggling to get free of his protectors so she could rip his throat out. The cold reality of the moment held him transfixed. He thought he could hear his Commander’s voice in his ear, urging him to action, urging him to break the surface and do something. Maggie was screaming even louder now…. Melody was at his feet ... was she dead? Why couldn’t he touch her, help her, find out? She seemed perfectly safe to treat: his own considerable powers had detected nothing malevolent in her. Had the whiskey and beer impaired his abilities? God Almighty!—was he drunk? A dog barked madly just past the din, out the back sliding door…. He wasn’t sure how he could even hear its yelping, let alone the distant sirens beyond that. Surely the earthquake hadn’t wreaked all this….
In that instant of overwhelm (was that smoke he could smell?), he could see his long struggle coming to an end, the struggle of decades past and millions of lives lost, the endless planning and waiting and searching and rebuilding and relentless self-doubts and damning uncertainties, which had eaten at him like an acid, dripped on his spirit like a torture test, dripped with a nauseating mechanical timing, dripped steadily and quietly, dripped until the steel of his soul began to sizzle and bubble, a weakness found, a weakness eager to consume an ever-larger hole in him, to destroy him completely….
He heard Commander Jelignite yell very loudly into his left ear, and he shook himself free of his torpor. He glanced at his friend, whose crazy eyes fixed on his, concern lining his scarred face.
Conor gathered his wits and said: “Battle stations, Commander. We may be under attack. Quadruple the Guard at the Tangent, post Kumiyaay over the Temple Sanctuary Room and Pier, and send Messengers to the rest of the Contingent Forces out to the islands and the point. Get Luis Arroyo here immediately and double the Aerial Forces both here and at the Young Master’s home. Find Harry Chin. It’s too damn late to get a warning across the Tangent: we’ll have to hope our Aquanian forces are ready in the event this is an invasion.... Off-duty General Forces are activated until further notice. 
“Got all that, Commander?”
Despite the urgent and grave nature of the emergency, Commander Jelignite smiled for an instant at him, as if to say, Welcome back, Sire. He nodded once and saluted, and went rushing out the front door. It was his friend’s brief smile that Conor latched on to; it told him the acid hadn’t worn a hole in him … not yet … not yet …
He turned back to Maggie, who was trying to wrench free of the sure grasp of the two Kumiyaay holding her. She was screaming, “I’LL KILL YOU! I’LL KILL YOU! LET GO OF ME! LET GO OF ME NOW!”
Conor nodded to his Pier Guards. “Let her go.”
The Kumiyaay restraining her—a huge barrel-chested man with flaming red hair and bushy beard, and a shorter man, this one medium-sized and with a thin, clean-shaven face—released her at the same moment. Maggie rushed him instantly, her burned and blackened fists raised, her reddened, injured visage one of lunatic rage—
—and froze in place.
Conor stared at her, his own countenance one of sadness and regret. He stepped towards her slowly, wincing at the nasty burns on her face and forearms. He could smell her cooked flesh as he drew close. He gazed deeply into her wild blue eyes.
He said: “I know you can hear me behind your anger and fear and pain. You’re scared out of your wits. To be honest, I am too. I don’t know what happened to your little girl, or to you, or even how to help her—or help you. She’s … she’s the likely hope of my world, of your world, of ten homeless nations that have sought justice for over twenty Earth-years, of many more wishing they’d sought for it when they had the chance. She’s the flesh and blood of that hope made real…. And yet here she is, neglected and needing immediate attention, just like you…. And to be totally honest, Maggie, I don’t know what the hell to do. It may be that she was attacked…? Is that it? But … you are in no shape to let me know, so I must assume the very worst…. The Healers are coming, though, and they will tend to her—and to you. And so for now I think it best that you rest. Please forgive me: I have royally screwed up with you—and with Melody.” 
He smiled sadly. “Sleep well, Maggie. Your injuries will heal. When you wake we can have a nice long chat….”
He held his arms out to her at precisely the moment she fell limply into them, unconscious. He picked her slight form up easily.
“Bulldis,” he nodded to the Kumiyaay on the left, the huge red-headed man with the beard. The giant quickly approached. Conor handed the limp woman over to him.
“Take her to her room. Put her in bed and cover her. Be very gentle. It’s astounding that the pain of her burns didn’t render her unconscious—or worse. Sketch—” he glanced over at the other Kumiyaay, a thin-faced man, who snapped to and approached with the king’s mention of his name—“the Gaian authorities—the police—are surely coming. See to it they don’t get in. We need to find those damn Healers—anybody, I don’t care who. Get the Kele Warrior at the door on it: we don’t need her standing there. It’s too damn obvious. Please hurry: we haven’t much time at all.”
The Kumiyaay named Sketch saluted and quickly bolted out the door. His absence was followed by an abrupt flash of white, followed immediately by another. A tall, slender black woman strode into the home seconds later, the blue and white cape of her Kumiyaay uniform flying behind her form, her slanted gray-blue eyes severe. Conor had knelt next to Melody’s head, being very careful not to touch her, staring intently downward at the girl at his feet. He glanced up.
“Sire,” she saluted quickly, “Tamare Torrez-Manzanarez and Eler Soncasse are dead. They were with the other one.” She glanced down at Melody with concern. “We think they tried to revive her—she too is unconscious or lifeless—and were attacked somehow. Icci is missing as well. He was posted over this domicile. There is no sign of him.”
Conor stared up at the woman. “That’s … no,” he whispered. “That can’t be. They’re bloody Unsolvables! Tamare …”
He dropped his chin and crushed his eyes shut. The gray quicksand paste was back and thicker than ever. He didn’t want to open his eyes; he never wanted to open them again. Two—three?—Kumiyaay—Unsolvable Kumiyaay!—dead. And—Tamare. Tamare. Tamare! He could feel helplessness bubble up within him; and like gasoline, felt it ignite into rage. He’d felt this before, and knew how dangerous he was in this moment.
He growled with clenched teeth, bringing his hand to his furrowed forehead, keeping his eyes closed. “Are the Healers there?”
“No, Sire. At least they weren’t by the time I’d left.”
“Damnit!”
His lips peeled back from his teeth; when he spoke, it came in a deadly monotone. “Find Arroyo. Find him now. Call the ruddy American National Guard if ye have to, but find him—”
“I am here, Your Highness,” came a gentle voice with an elegant Castilian Spanish accent. Conor’s eyes blazed open; he dropped his hand. He glanced past the Kumiyaay’s slender form.
An old man stepped through the darkened front hallway towards him. He was short, with neatly combed silver hair and deep brown skin, his dark eyes round, large, and empathetic. He walked very slightly stooped, with a fine blackthorn lion’s head cane made of dark turquoise and polished silver, a gait that carried an air of hard-won wisdom and dignity. Luis Arroyo, Healer, nodded towards the female Kumiyaay, then glanced at Conor, then down at the girl at the king’s knees. “What have we here?”
“I’m not sure,” replied Conor, visibly relieved. “We can’t touch her. Evidently her mother tried, and it burned her severely. Apparently whatever it is also killed two Kumiyaay watching Yaeko—”
“Yaeko?”
“This one’s best friend. I’ll explain later. Are you listening, Healer?”
For Luis Arroyo was no longer staring at him or at the still form of Melody: he was glancing upward, sniffing. “I smell smoke,” he said.
“Healer!” yelled Conor. “This girl needs your attention right now! We don’t have time—”
But the elderly gentleman was pointing above himself. Pointing at two foot-long, half-inch-wide parallel black gashes in the ceiling. Smoke puffed out of both at random intervals. The dark Kumiyaay stared intently upward with him.
“Fire,” he said. “This we must deal with first.”
And with that, dim blue light reached languidly from his finger towards the ceiling. The light seemed fuzzy, out of focus, like diving into seawater and opening one’s eyes. He played the blue light over the smoking cuts for several seconds, in no apparent hurry. Satisfied but still looking puzzled, he slowly lowered his hand. “Do not touch her, Highness,” he said. “These gashes came from her eyes. Very unusual! The residual aecxal energy around them suggests an initial discharge greater than anything I have seen since …”
“Healer!”
“If we do not assess the situation, Highness, we place ourselves in jeopardy as well. What good then, I ask you, if we have a deceased king, a dead girl, and three Pier Guards who have become ghosts as well? Our surroundings can tell us much about how to go about diagnosing and managing the problem. These burns in the ceiling, for example. I can see no aecxes within either of them. It is my hypothesis, therefore, that the aecxal energy outburst from this child’s eyes completely annihilated the matter in the path of the beams. Neither the matter nor the aecxis defining it exist any longer.”
Conor caught himself, his galloping temper suddenly forgotten. He glanced disbelievingly at the Healer, then at the smoking gashes. “Ridiculous. Even dead matter contains a base aecxis—”
“But there is no matter to be dead, Highness. It is … gone.” He nodded ominously towards Melody. “Touch her and even you will die. Her powers are that potent right now. He stepped closer, his eyes narrowing. “Where is this ‘Yaeko’?”
“Several blocks from here. She—”
“I can sense her presence,” said Luis Arroyo matter-of-factly. “She needs to be here. We need to bring her here—immediately.”
“Sire—”
The dark, slender Kumiyaay had returned.
“What is it, Carcaryn?”
“Sirens—”
They sounded as though they were just out the front door. “Go out back,” said Conor. “Have Bulldis help you. We’ve been given an advantage: the earthquake will be a bigger priority, so the police will be stretched thin—”
“This girl is the source of the earthquake,” pronounced Luis Arroyo quietly.
Conor eagle-eyed him. “Ludicrous.”
But the Healer seemed completely convinced.
The Kumiyaay named Carcaryn saluted hastily and exited out the back sliding door. The dog—Her name is Sara; that’s right, thought Conor abstractedly—was going crazy in the back yard. The Healer said, “We need the other one, Sire. We need this Yaeko right now.”
Conor stood, shook himself to stay focused. “I’ll go,” he said. “Stay here. Watch her. The mother is in her bedroom, unconscious. She’s seriously injured as well, perhaps mortally. I’ve given her an initial Touch; she’ll surely require more. Other Healers have been summoned to help. I’ll be right back.”
And with that he hurried out the back sliding door as well. Sara’s barking became even more frantic.
Luis Arroyo leaned his lion’s head cane against a wall and eased himself to his knees next to Melody’s head.
“It will be all right, mija,” he said gently to the motionless girl sprawled before him. “Abuelito Luis esta aqui … Abuelito Luis esta aqui….”
~~*~~
The sheriff’s sedan pulled to a stop outside the Singleton’s small pink house, its siren cutting off sharply. The lights atop the vehicle continued to spin brightly as two uniformed officers stepped out of it. The deputy’s partner surveyed the damaged home and debris-strewn yard. He muttered, “What the hell…?”
At that moment a large seagull landed on the car’s roof and began crying out loudly, drawing both men’s attention to it. The deputy sheriff growled, “Get off, you, before ya’ crap on my windshield …”
He went to shoo the bird away.
Neither he nor his partner saw the two oddly uniformed individuals—a huge red-headed man with a bushy beard, and a tall, slender black woman—approach them silently from behind. The man and woman moved with a swiftness speedier than the blink of an eye, and in the next instant both deputies lay crumpled on the street, knocked out cold.
“What now?” rumbled Bulldis to the woman as they stood over them, peering downward.
“No idea,” said Carcaryn Gellantara. “Do you know how to drive?”
Bulldis vigorously shook his head. “No! You?”
“I do,” said another Kumiyaay. He had materialized from a ball of bright white light after taking off from the top off the sheriff’s vehicle. He approached them, his thin face amused as he gazed downward at the unconscious men.
Asked Bulldis, incredulous: “Sketch, when did you learn to drive?”
“Right now,” said Sketch confidently. “Let’s load them up and get them out of here before they come to.”
Bulldis and Carcaryn Gellantara glanced uneasily at each other.
“Come on, you two!” chided Sketch. “Trust me.”
~~*~~
Conor loomed silently over Yaeko. The Young Master had fallen out of her wheelchair; she lay unconscious in a limp fetal ball on the carpeted floor of her darkened bedroom, tightly clutching her sides. Her wheelchair had tipped over, her violin tossed free from the chair’s back pocket.
He reached for the wheelchair, bringing it upright with a metallic clatter, then put the Stradivarius and bow gently on her bed. He resumed studying her, weighing the problem of moving her without touching her. Presently he held out his hand, palm down, raising it slightly. Yaeko floated limply upward, her arms unwinding from her midsection and dropping with soft thuds to the floor. He held out his other hand, palm up. Her head lifted slowly, her long black hair unpiling beneath her. Conor backed cautiously out the dark bedroom, the Young Master floating noiselessly after him. 
In the lightless living room waited a Kumiyaay and two smaller, bent shadows, which detached from the Guard’s side and hurriedly shuffled forward. They were ancient, their eyes slanted, their hair thin and gray. They bowed deeply in unison, and then the man, speaking with a thick Japanese accent, said, “My wife and I did everything we could, Highness. The Living Aecxis had somehow been annihilated in both of the Pier Guards. We could do nothing to heal them. We tried to our utmost abilities.” Both bowed several more times.
“I’m sure you did your best,” said Conor quietly and somberly. “Whatever attacked them can somehow get around an Unsolvable’s natural protections.”
It hurt him to have to speak her name again, but he forced himself to: “Tam— … Torrez-Manzanarez … and Soncasse: they were taken to the Temple Sanctuary Room?”
Both answered: “Yes, Highness.”
“Report there,” he ordered. “If we’re left with nothing but superstitions, we may as well employ them. Do what you can. If nothing, report directly back to Arroyo. He’s with—”
“The Apprentice, we know,” they answered.
Both brought their attention to the unconscious girl floating before him. The woman, with clear reverence in her voice, said, “We remember this one. We remember the first time she visited the Tangent and crossed it. She is very, very powerful, Highness….” They bowed again, but Conor wasn’t sure if it was to him or to Yaeko.
He bowed back; then, straightening, stared into the gloom of Elizabeth Finnegan’s living room where the Kumiyaay stood silhouetted against the back drapes. He said, “Has the boy been informed?”
A male voice, one with a French accent, returned with, “I believe so, Sire.”
Conor nodded soberly. “Stay here, Alexandre. More Kumiyaay will be joining you. The police may come. Do not interfere with them.”
The Pier Guard saluted, and then hurried to get in front of him, where he opened the front door of the home. Yaeko came out first, floating limply.
“Sire,” Alexandre called out, “what if you’re seen?”
Conor shrugged as he walked away, not bothering to look back. “Who’d believe it?”
He disappeared into the blackness of the unlighted street seconds later, Yaeko floating ahead of him as though on an invisible gurney, the distant sounds of sirens and barking dogs and the ever-present surf drowning out his footsteps.
~~*~~
“Hello,” said Sketch pleasantly as the deputy sheriff in the passenger seat next to him shook himself slowly back to consciousness.
The deputy reached behind his head, rubbed his neck. Presently he brought his hand to his bruised forehead and opened his bloodshot eyes. His head jerked left abruptly as he pulled focus on the man behind the wheel. A man with a thin face, blue eyes, and a compassionate smile. A man wearing an odd uniform of fine blue and white cloth of some kind, trimmed in ornate crimson and gold, with odd silver armor underneath. A large bird of prey with a dripping claw flying over an odd rendition of the planet Saturn was stamped on the armor. The man smiled and nodded assuringly; and after another moment added: “Good morning … or, er, evening, as it were….”
The deputy’s hand flew to his belt, groped for his sidearm. Gone.
“Sorry,” said the driver, noting the movement with some amusement. “Your projectile weapon is out there, in the water. So too with the toxic spray and the shiny black stick and the odd communications devices, both those attached to your person and the ones in this vehicle.”
The deputy sat up, alarmed. He glanced at the front window of the car—his side of it had cracked, as if a huge rock had glanced off it; the resulting break appeared as a large spiderweb of cracks meeting in a six-inch-wide opaque circle. Without, steam rose from the hood, which was crumpled and partially obstructing his view. Beyond it were thin patches of blackness streaked with ghostly silver-blue ripples of moonlight; beyond that twinkled thousands of tiny orange lights, a shapeless, cold, monochromatic galaxy that cut off where the murky dark void of the vast Pacific Ocean began.
The air in the car smelled sweetly of radiator fluid, as though the engine had boiled over. 
The deputy grimaced.
“Where—where … am I?” he asked, his voice low. “What do you want with me? Where’s my partner?”
“He’s back here, resting comfortably,” came a very deep rumble behind him.
The deputy jumped in his seat, twisting about. The man sitting behind him seemed less man than giant, his great barrel chest and bushy red beard squeezed unnaturally together, his head scrunched under the ceiling of the cab. The hard metal mesh divider separating the back from front seats had been cut cleanly away by what had to be an incredibly sharp instrument, leaving behind sharp, glinting ends at the divider’s perimeter. The deputy’s portly, squat partner slumped unconscious next to the giant, his head back, his mouth slack and half open. To his partner’s left was a slender woman with slanted, startling gray-blue eyes and ebony skin like fine onyx, the tight curls of her jet black hair pulled back into a pony tail. She regarded him with indifferent amusement; she flashed him a brief smile, and then turned her attention to the driver. Her smile vanished.
“I thought you said you could drive.”
She slapped the back of the driver’s head.
“Hey!” he yelled, ducking. “If you’ll recall, Kumiyaay Gellantara, I indicated that I was in the very beginning, that is to say learning, stages of such an endeavor. Besides, we’re here, are we not?”
“I sure hope that man’s ‘tool shed’—is that what he called it?—can be replaced cheaply …” rumbled the bearded giant contritely.
“I’m sure it can,” said the driver confidently.
The deputy stared silently at his captors, having crowded up against the passenger-side door.
“And his house?” asked the woman prosecutorially.
“Come now,” said the driver, “we barely nicked it! But I must say, he did have a lovely—what are they called?—‘living room’?”
“We went through his living room, Pier Guard!” thundered the giant. “It isn’t so lovely now!”
“Quiet, the both of you,” ordered the driver. “This man has questions. Let us not be rude.”
He glanced at the deputy, forcing a smile to his lips.
“I believe you asked where you are,” he said politely. “You are in what you Gaians call ‘the Tijuana Estuary.’ We are presently at the mouth of the river that runs through it, what you Gaians have termed ‘the Tijuana River,’ at the end of a rather picturesque trail, if I do say so myself. The hamlet known as Imperial Beach is behind you, approximately two of your Earth-miles distant. The southern kingdom known as ‘Mexico’ is approximately four Earth-miles in front.
“What do we want with you?” He shrugged nonchalantly. “Nothing, really. We just needed to keep you away from the home you were planning on visiting. On behalf of the Sixteenth Angeli Magna Coronados, please accept our sincere apologies for having to render you and your confederate unconscious—”
“—and for wrecking their cart,” snapped the woman.
“Car,” retorted the driver, glaring into the rear-view mirror. “Car. C-A-R.”
The woman snorted.
“Anyway,” he continued as the deputy’s partner slowly roused himself, “we do apologize. And yes, also for any extant damages your fine car suffered during the execution of our duties…. Though I must say your vehicle strays a bit to the right when the steering guide is released at high speed.”
The woman slapped his head again. “You aren’t supposed to release the ‘steering guide’ at any time, especially ‘at high speed’!”
The driver rubbed the back of his skull, glaring angrily into the rear-view mirror. He brought his attention back to the deputy, who watched him silently, still crowded up against the passenger-side door. “You will also notice that the vehicle’s exterior rotating multicolored light array is nonfunctional, if not, er, missing completely,” he added somewhat sheepishly.
“The living room took care of that,” came the giant.
“Tool shed,” corrected the woman.
“Be that as it may,” continued the driver, glancing at both crossly, “your head may ache for some time, as it impacted the forward transparent wind barrier when we—”
“—when you …” shot the woman.
“—when we miscalculated slightly upon entering the estuary and didn’t see the small irrigation ditch bordering it.” He pointed at the opaque circular crack on the windshield. “You may wish to see a Healer should you experience headaches, dizziness, or nausea. For now, however, you appear to be in good working health, and so I believe we shall release you back to the service of your kingdom,” he finished grandly, bowing his head deferentially. “We realize your people need you, what with that sudden earthquake, so if you hurry, you should be able to rejoin your battalion in less than one Earth-hour.”
He smiled, pleased with his speech.
“You forgot the most important part …” sighed the woman, plainly exasperated.
The deputy’s partner in the back seat was now fully awake. He sat still, frozen stiff, staring wide-eyed at the giant next to him.
The deputy interrupted. “You have assaulted two peace officers,” he said in a gruff but quavering voice. “You’ll be arrested. If you kill us they’ll stick all three of you freaks on a gurney and shove a needle in your arm.”
“Quiet,” said the driver, his bright disposition instantly gone. He stared at the man menacingly. “No such thing will occur. And allow me to say that for a kingdom such as yours, one that prides itself as a beacon of light, of justice, of humanity, of respect for life and the sovereignty of other nations, your barbarism most certainly puts all that vainglorious puffery to the lie.
“Now to continue.” His mood abruptly perked back up. “My comrade-in-arms behind me believes I forgot the most important part of my speech, which of course I have not.” 
He nodded to her, and then to the giant. The woman opened the door next to her, waiting patiently while the giant tried, but couldn’t, open his. Eventually the giant leaned way over, very nearly crushing the deputy’s partner, his huge red head in the woman’s bosom; and with a great throaty bass roar kicked the door open. The door exploded off its hinges completely, the glass of its window shattering into a thousand pieces as it blasted into scrub brush ten feet from the police cruiser.
The driver sighed, blinking rapidly at the bearded behemoth, and then calmly and slowly opened his own door, looking back over his shoulder often, demonstrating the technique to his overlarge companion, who leaned forward to watch with childlike curiosity.
The huge man nodded, rumbling, “Ah … I’d forgotten to release the locking mechanism first.”
“Evidently,” said the driver. He turned his attention to the deputy, who stared back.
“The most important part of my speech—the part my esteemed comrade thinks I forgot—is this: What are you going to tell your superiors, my good man: that three seagulls assaulted and kidnapped you?”
Three flashes of blinding white light came in rapid succession. The deputy and his partner flinched, covering their heads. When the flashes dissipated, which they did slowly, like some sort of odd, odorless smoke, the deputy and his cohort cautiously opened their eyes.
Next to them were seagulls—one in front, two in back. The gull in the front seat cried out loudly and repeatedly, as though laughing. Next moment all three turned towards their respective doors and launched away into the moon-dappled night.
The deputy and his partner sat still, not daring to look at each other, not daring to speak.
Not for a very long time.
~~*~~
The seagull flew in from the north over the glassy indigo sea, the outline of its white plumage almost glowing under the moon’s cool silver stare. It glided in to land at the end of the Pier, behind the restaurant. Just as it pulled up, flapping its wings, a ball of white light engulfed its form, expanding hugely. From out of the ball emerged Kumiyaay Donaka Torrez-Manzanarez, who strode forward quickly, the fading, sparkling light trailing behind him like smoke. His chin down, his eyes bright with anger, he approached the silent, gray-garbed guards standing at Pier’s end, who recognized his uniform immediately as Kumiyaay, and who then quickly took two steps to the side to let him pass.
He approached the back door of the restaurant, where two more guards waited. These wore black cloaks, their hoods pulled up over their heads, their faces completely hidden beneath the cowls. These guards didn’t step aside, but studied him silently and intently, which they did for a good ten seconds or so. The Kumiyaay stared ahead, his young face stony. Presently and precisely, they took two side steps away from the door. The boy pulled the door open—it swung wide with a rusty creak. He stepped inside impatiently, having not acknowledged either of the mysterious sentinels. The door closed immediately behind him.
Ten paces away in the weakly lighted hallway were wooden stairs leading upward. Another hooded-and-cloaked guard stood at attention at their foot, watching him. The guard turned without fanfare or salute and glided up the six or seven steps to a ceiling hatch, which he pushed open and strode through. The young Kumiyaay followed closely behind. Brilliant blue light silhouetted the guard’s black form, blinding him. He glanced down and away. When he finally took the final half-blind step into the Temple Sanctuary Room, he looked up in time to see the sentinel bow, then step around him and back down the stairs.
Donaka Torrez-Manzanarez blinked and took in the sight before him.
He stood in a room lighted brilliantly from above … a deep blue light … a wondrous light that cascaded upon him in languidly falling sheets like water. The light was overwhelming at first; he compulsively peered upward at it, squinting, shielding himself against it. The roof of the room angled up towards it, like the vault of a temple; the light was in a small tower and suspended in mid-air, and was surrounded by a regular octagon of small square-framed windows. As he lowered his gaze, his vision adjusting to the brightness, he saw what he knew he’d see but dreaded with all of his being: for directly below the blue light, on separate shrouded platforms, lay two bodies, both in Kumiyaay uniform. One of them was his comrade and friend, Eler Soncasse. The other … was his mother.
“Mom …!” he whispered, taking two rapid steps towards her. He halted abruptly, righting himself, remembering his decorum, his honor…. He took a deep, quivering breath, his back arrow straight and stiff, reliving the encounter with the king, remembering what the great man had said. I am Kumiyaay! he angrily reproached himself. I am beyond yes and no! I have the courage of ten men, a hundred! I am Kumiyaay! … But his grief boiled up into his eyes against his will, and his eyes gushed, and before he knew it he had fallen over her still, cold, lifeless form, his face buried in her neck.
He cried, “No, Mom, no …” over and over again…. He held her, sobbing without restraint into her shoulder, her unresponsive face wet with his tears. He never wanted to let go; he wanted to join her, wherever she had gone; he couldn’t care less about his duties, his honor, his abilities … they were meaningless now, stupid, worthless….
Much, much later, his face just over hers, her cold, limp hand grasped tightly in both of his, he whispered fiercely, “I will avenge you … I love you…. I will avenge you, Mom, I swear it…. I love you….”
He buried his nose in her neck, his eyes tightly closed.
The wondrous cerulean light cascaded in gentle, radiant sheets upon them.
~~*~~
The unconscious form of Yaeko Mitsaki floated into the damaged pink home ahead of Conor, who hurriedly moved her towards Melody. The Healer looked up as Conor entered, glancing at the girl hovering four feet off the floor in front of him
Luis resumed looking down—and then glanced back up, doing a violent double-take, his eyes growing very wide. He stood as if under remote control. He pointed at the Young Master, his finger trembling: “There is no way,” he whispered fiercely. “That’s … that’s …”
“Yaeko Mitsaki, yes,” said Conor impatiently. “She lives. She’s Melody’s best friend.”
Luis Arroyo couldn’t suppress the yelp of surprise. “This—this is incredible! Do you know what this means? ‘Her name will be Silence, the Savior of Song—’ ”
“I’m fully aware what it means, Healer. I’ve been in a state of shock about it—about all of it—this entire bloody day. It’s capped off a bunch of really crap decisions on my part. Now stand aside. I don’t know what’s going to happen here.”
Conor floated Yaeko over and then next to Melody. He lowered his hands very slowly, watching the unconscious Japanese girl descend gently to the floor. He was very careful: he made certain that the two girls were lying sufficiently far apart so that they would not touch. His task completed, he stared down at them, slumping visibly as he relaxed, breathing a huge sigh of relief. “There,” he said. “Now. What do we need to—?”
Yaeko’s hand suddenly flashed away from her side, grabbing Melody’s. Both men jumped backward three feet.
A startling bubble of blinding blue-white light appeared and expanded out and away from the clasped hands of the unconscious girls on the floor, passing through Conor and the Healer and the Kumiyaay watching just feet away before disappearing through the walls and ceiling of the home.
The earth suddenly shook violently again, stopping just a second later. Dust settled to the floor around them.
Luis stared around, awed.
“What next?” asked Conor, gazing with wonder at the girls’ hands.
The elderly Healer knelt hurriedly at Melody’s head. After a moment he nodded, as if he’d come to a decision.
“I shall attempt to touch the Apprentice.”
They looked at each other. 
“Do it,” said Conor tautly. 
He glanced over his shoulder at the Pier Guards, who were watching with great interest.
“Stand back,” he ordered. 
The Guards took a dozen hasty, debris-strewn steps backward, until they were nearly against the back wall of the living room.
Luis brought his gently trembling hands together, rubbing them as he concentrated. He brought them to his forehead, closing his eyes for a moment, as if in silent prayer. Moments later he had lowered them until they were just inches from the back of Melody’s skull, where they hesitated. He whispered: “I’m here to help you, mija. Trust me ...”
His hands dropped very slowly towards Melody’s head: an inch away ... a half inch ...
... touched.
Luis smiled with relief, closing his eyes. But the smile dissolved to a worried frown the next moment. “Her soul is draining away, Highness. She has only moments to live. Quickly: let’s turn her over so she can breathe.”
Seconds later Melody lay face up, her cheeks stained with her own blood, her mouth red, her right shoulder touching Yaeko’s, their hands still grasping each other. Conor noticed how the girls’ hands seemed to have minds of their own, as if they knew Melody was turning; they released for just a second for that to happen, then latched tightly back together as he and Luis Arroyo settled her onto her back.
Luis repositioned himself so that his knees braced Melody’s head, his fingers running over her scalp like probes, searching … Finally they settled and held. He closed his eyes again. The two Kumiyaay had taken several steps forward, watching, fascinated, their orders forgotten.
There was an extended and anxious period of complete stillness. Nobody dared speak. Conor could hear car alarms and distant sirens and the many dogs of the neighborhood barking, including Melody’s dog, Sara, who hadn’t quieted even momentarily in the long while they’d been in the Singleton’s home.
After what seemed an eternity, Luis spoke, his face full of wonder.
“I have … stemmed the draining, at least to the degree I am able. But most of her soul is gone, Highness. Soon it will be completely gone, and she will be dead—and un-Healable.”
“Bloody hell,” whispered Conor, his heart falling into his stomach. He could see whole worlds perishing just then, perishing violently, disgustingly in the bloody clutches of a vile Mathematician, an evil being he could not defeat … not without her … no, not without the Apprentice….
“How long till she…?” But he could not finish the question. He had been a careless, arrogant fool, he knew … And now billions will die. Maggie was right: What did she call me? An arrogant bastard? How right you are, Maggie—and how terrible it will be when I tell you your beautiful baby girl is … is …
“You don’t understand, Sire,” said Luis, interrupting his black thoughts. “Her life energy has—somehow, I don’t know how—not scattered to the Four Oceans, as one would expect it to. Her soul is still compact, still phenomenal and coherent, still associated and continuing. It has not terminated.”
Conor came out of his miserable reverie. His gaze softened as he came to his knees, awestruck. He grasped Melody’s free hand; it was cold, rubbery, limp. “How is that possible?” 
“I do not know,” said the Healer. “But I do know this: where the Apprentice is, there is the Young Master. This I can sense clearly. To save both, we must save the Apprentice. There is no other way. I cannot locate Miss Mitsaki’s soul; I tried, though I know she is there somehow. It is utterly beyond precedent, this situation.”
“But … if Melody’s soul was ‘draining,’ as you say, and is still associated, then can we not perhaps trace the path it took? Find out where it has got to and bring it—her—them—back? Could Yaeko be responsible for keeping it together?”
“My idea exactly, Highness,” said Luis with his elegant Castilian accent. “But I just do not know! Mija’s soul is not like helium held in a balloon, no! Her soul is extraordinarily powerful. It is very like … like water. Very heavy, very substantial. I need merely follow the river bed to the lake, so to speak. And then perhaps I can do the impossible and coax that lake back upstream to its rightful place. We may perhaps conjecture that the Young Master’s presence has somehow catalyzed that heaviness, that power. I do not know. I need to find out.”
Conor stared at the Healer’s gentle patriarchal face. He nodded.
“Stand away, Sire,” said Luis, who glanced over at the Kumiyaay staring at him. “To the degree that it is possible,” he told them, “I need complete silence.” And with that he began preparing himself.
Conor asked, “Can you work around the barking dog?” For Sara was still barking madly out back.
“I think so. Just no talking. No discussing cupcake recipes with your armed and dangerous trasheaters.”
Conor stood. Luis Arroyo took several deep breaths, rubbing his hands together, pulling his concentration to a single point. He glanced up.
“I want a raise, Highness,” he stated flatly. “Or make me an Honorary Kumiyaay like you did that bushy-chinned Chinaman.”
Without waiting for Conor’s response, he closed his eyes, his hands back over Melody’s skull, his fingers probing gently. Presently they settled. Conor took Luis’ seat, pulling the chair next to the Healer, watching intently.
Twenty minutes of the tensest silence Conor ever experienced passed. He didn’t move an inch in that time, didn’t shift his gaze once from Melody’s still form. He thought of Yaeko, of her relationship to Melody. How powerful the connection between them must be to dissipate whatever deadly aecxal charge both contained separately! How powerful and abiding their friendship must be—even in the face of death. Yaeko had barely settled to the floor when her hand, as though with a mind of its own, whipped sideways and snatched Melody’s…. He thought of the pub, what he told the lovely bartender Daphne. He thought of the heart he drew for her. He’d only just met Yaeko Mitsaki this morning. And yet he felt he knew her somehow. How completely unique she was; and how unique Melody was…. And yet both seemed so inseparable from one another other that all distinctions felt meaningless, trivial. Truly, a paradox.
He found himself thinking absentmindedly: Is light a particle—or a wave?
It was in that twentieth minute that Luis suddenly took in a large lungful of air. His head had been bent slightly over Melody’s face, his eyes tightly closed; now it lifted to the sky. A luminous smile formed on his face.
With astonishment in his voice, he said, “Violin ... I hear … a violin.... Marvelous … beautiful … so beautiful….”
Tears formed in his closed eyes, streamed down his face.
“I’ve never heard anything so …”
He cut off. Gulped hard.
“There she is,” he whispered. “There…. Mija,” he called to her in a singsong voice, “come to me … Mija, it is time to come home…. Come home, Melody, come home…. Here I am, little girl; here I am … Come, mi—”
He made a gurgling sound. The color in his face drained to a ghostly white.
“No …” he croaked, “no …”
He began to shake. His hands gripped Melody’s face tightly, the blood in his fingers pressed out, making them as bloodless as his countenance.
His eyes flashed open, wide and glassy and filled with terrible horror.
“MIJA!” he screamed at the top of his lungs, “MIJA! MELODY! RUN, BABY GIRL, RU—”
The entire room went suddenly dark, the kitchen and living room lights going  out. A bitter, lifeless chill swept swiftly through the home, so cold that Conor clutched his arms convulsively around himself, drawing up against it. The Kumiyaay in the living room fell to their knees, hunching over themselves. Luis Arroyo threw his head back, fog rising sinisterly from his open maw into the silver moonbeams shining through the shards of the kitchen’s windows. A low guttural growl bubbled up from deep inside his belly. His silhouette was malevolent and fearsome.
From his throat issued an unholy utterance of a great, evil congregation, speaking as one:
“Come, little one … Come to me….”
Conor, ignoring his own safety and the damning chill, bolted forward, tackling Luis away from Melody, landing heavily on top of him.
The lights flickered hesitantly back on. Frost covered patches of the floor and various piles of debris and ran in eerie white streaks up the walls. The two Kumiyaay in the trashed living room stood, dumbfounded. Luis Arroyo came to his senses. He cried, “Save her! SAVE HER!”
Conor pulled him gruffly to a sitting position, noticing that the Healer’s hands and wrists were frostbitten and black. He shook him roughly. “What the hell is going on? Talk to me, Dreamcatcher!”
The old man cried, “She’s … she’s in the Sankyan Wilderness, on Aquanus! Yes! She is! Don’t ask me how—I don’t know! I … I heard beautiful music, beautiful … I couldn’t find the Young Master … and then: there she was, Melody! I—I called to her … she seemed to be responding … I … I …” He cut off, horrorstruck—
Conor roughly shook him again. “What! Answer, already! What!”
“Highness!” Luis trembled violently, “she’s not alone! I felt him. He’s there, coming for her right now! She could not hear me … she was listening to him, walking straight towards him….”
He gulped hard, clutched Conor fearfully.
“The Black Coffin, Highness!” he yelled. “It’s Necrolius Anaxagorius—AND HE’S COMING FOR MELODY!”



Chapter 23
Between Two Monoliths
Melody remembered feeling agony—and then nothing at all.
She remembered nothing before it. Just the pain.
What was I doing when it happened? Where was I? Where have I been since?
But she knew this: whatever caused the agony was meant somehow to harm another, and that she had refused to allow it. Then nothingness.
Then … here.
“Here” was a beach, a hundred-yard-wide ribbon of gold-flecked tan sand that curved away by an unhurried degree left to right as her chin lifted to the horizon. In the distance, perhaps five miles away, the Imperial Beach Pier stretched valiantly over the sea. To its left, well out in scrub desert, was a small, barely discernible rose-colored rectangular structure of some sort; it stood very alone out there, and was partially hidden by brush and low, broad shade trees that ballooned over its rust-covered top. An odd monolith.
To her left were short, regular dunes which leveled eventually into a vast wasteland, one which fled away from her, rising steadily as it did, ending at a line of dramatic red sandstone bluffs fronting a daunting wall of mountain peaks many miles away. But these were not like peaks she’d ever seen before: these had alarming vertical faces, like a jumble of granite cliffs, or like tremendous claws tearing out of the earth and straight up into the painfully blue sky. They appeared miles tall, impassable. The towering mountains ran parallel to her direction of travel and the beach, and were white with snow, save for sharp ridges or the hard-to-believe vertical faces where cobalt granite challenged the firmament.
One of the great peaks, easily the most distant of them, past Melody’s left shoulder, made a mockery of the rest, so tall it was. It flew heedlessly into the sky, an impossible thin purple triangle, until it seemed to pierce straight through the atmosphere into airless space—and she knew in that instant she was on Aquanus and looking at a spire. The spire was nearly lost in the light haze and the very high white cirrus clouds feathering coldly over the range. She turned to find the other spire, looking right over the ocean, and located it immediately, a vague isosceles triangle outlined over shimmering blue.
She lowered her gaze. The azure sea that lapped happily against this shoreline glittered like diamonds in the bright sunlight, which bore insistently down upon the crown of her head. A pleasant, light breeze buffeted her cheeks as she took in her surroundings. She glanced down at her feet and noticed she was wearing her white trainers. After another moment’s deliberation, she sat in the sand and took them off, stuffing her pink ankle socks into them and tying the shoes’ rainbow-colored laces together.
She pulled her knees up to her chin, wrapping her arms around her legs, mulling the many questions pressing against her.
Am I dead? Is this heaven? There was great pain. Pain, and then ... a gap. She didn’t remember waking: it was just as though her mind had disconnected or short-circuited, and then plugged back in. And then ... Oh, yeah!—the music: Melody. It had come when she had come to. Or perhaps she had been humming it all this time, as she discovered herself doing right now. She wasn’t sure. Perhaps she had been humming it before the pain-gap, and that was the first thing her mind used to reconnect with reality. She wasn’t at all sure. She leaned back on her hands, digging her fingertips into the fine, silky grit of the warm sand, looking slowly around. She stopped humming.
Where is the end of the world and the Great Arch? Where is the Pier to Forever? Why can’t I see it? It should be visible. And what are these huge mountains doing here? Where am I?
After a time she rolled her pants legs up and then stood, patting off the sand that clung to the backside of her jeans, and then gathered her shoes. She wouldn’t find the answers just sitting here, she reasoned; and with that she started for the Pier.
How far away was it? Four, five miles? But the walk was quite enjoyable, the distance easy and shrinking rapidly. She strode forward, the knotted laces of her white trainers hooked over her left middle finger, her shoes swinging to and fro in time with her gait, her bare feet wandering occasionally into the cool, foamy white line of hissing surf.
Between prolonged periods of mental stillness, she pondered: Is Mr. Conor there, at the Pier? Is he wondering where I am? Was it he who brought me here?
What is that pinkish-squarish thing out in the brush to the left of the Pier? What is its purpose?
Are there other Piers to Forever? (Didn’t Mr. Conor call it Ae Infinitus to Momma?) Are “Infinituses” everywhere on Aquanus? Why didn’t Mr. Conor tell me?
Where is the edge of the world? Where is the Great Arch? Why aren’t there tall guard towers out in the water next to the Pier? And ... where is Saturn?
She stopped in her tracks.
Yeah! Where is Saturn?
She turned slowly in place, gazing into the blue sky.
There.
Weird.
It was somehow just off to her left, behind the spire out there, and very nearly washed out by the broad cover of wispy white cirrus clouds and the cheery turquoise brightness of the day. She had to squint to see it. She traced its eye-popping arc, just grazing the tops of those peaks, interrupted by long swatches of clouds, and found the faintest touch of its curving rings a second later as she turned her head slowly to the right.
But … but how was that possible? Saturn was always in the south! How could it be in the ... the east now?
Am I walking—she stopped to consider—am I walking east now? She stopped for several minutes, glancing back at the mountains and the ringed planet setting behind them, and then back along the beach, and then back out over the water. Well to the west (behind her) were what appeared to be moons, also just barely visible, rising in a smooth evanescing curve, one above the other … or, rather, the crescents of moons … but these weren’t just crescents: on three sides of each were thin rectangles or thin phased half-rectangles, as though whole round worlds had been boxed in by celestial gods. From the edge of each crescent, and reaching for the center of each full rectangle, were what appeared be the slightest angelic thread of arcing light ... but she wasn’t sure. She stared at the odd worlds until her eyes watered, but could glean no further information.
The mysteries certainly weren’t going to be solved by gawking, she thought.
Perhaps I’ll solve some of them at the Pier.
And with that she turned about and continued her journey.
The distance seemed to shrink unnaturally quickly as she walked, and before she knew it she stood next to the great wooden structure, next to one of its barnacle-encrusted posts. The ten-foot-tall support was surrounded by a small ring of cool, clear tidewater, which she dipped her feet into. Pigeons cooed in welcoming tones from the thin boardwalk planks above her. She gazed upward, under the shadow of the long walkway, and then wrapped an arm around the support, feeling a warm sense of belonging, of place, as she did. She smiled unconsciously as she glanced down the thin brown forest of diagonal columns that rose from the foamy surf to the walkway stretching over it. She found herself thinking of her mother, and smiled. Her mother, who’d bring her to the Pier when she was a little girl…. The two of them would sit in the sand; and her mom would pull her into her lap as they gazed out over the ocean as the sun set. And as the waves thundered to shore, the easterly Santa Ana breezes pulled diaphanous white veils over them; veils which would glow angelically for a moment with rainbows: “Sea angels,” her mom had called them.
But … there was something else … another memory, more recent, one not so pleasant. A very painful memory, in fact.
Her dreamy smile slowly dissolved.
What was it?
She stepped away from the pylon and trudged up the hot, loose sand to the large, familiar concrete wall and its accompanying stairs that angled up to the foot of the Pier itself. At the landing she shook her head, bewildered.
Where the Pier’s plaza should’ve been was nothing more than its sandstone platform, a good hundred feet wide, split by the Pier’s wooden walkway. The sandstone and the walkway ended abruptly in flat, baked desert sand. No building, no ice cream shop, no palm trees, no small seaside park with neatly trimmed grass; no kids, no dogs, no skateboarders …
… nothing.
She studied the rectangular monolith a good half mile away in the wasteland. It bugged her. Her beach walk had obscured it completely as the shade trees spreading over it completely blocked it from view. The trees were quite out of place in this desolate tract … and now they seemed disturbingly familiar. She squinted. Disturbingly familiar trees where there was nothing else besides the same species of desert brush and the occasional palm tree for as far as she could see, right up to the very foot of those striking peak-backed red bluffs in the far distance.
And the Pier …
The Pier began in dunes and low brush, as though the entire structure and its accompanying Plaza had been built for no reason at all, as though the builders had thrown it up and went broke before they could erect a town around it.
Melody stepped onto the walkway, feeling the warm grain of its knotted wood radiate into the soles of her bare feet. She glanced up along its fifteen hundred foot length. The deep blue light in the octagonal tower over the restaurant at its end was on. Something about it troubled her. Something, she knew, that had to do with her.
The light …
She stared at it for a long time.
The light …
Light—there was pain…. Pain! That was it! Pain—
Her mind flashed involuntarily: Yaeko. Yaeko hunched over, clasping her sides.
Pain … and light—
Light ...
Light ...
... the light.
It hit her then—all of it. Her mom’s frightening shrieks of rage; the appalling image of her mom slapping Mr. Conor; Melody’s struggle against her as she dragged her away from Yaeko; Yaeko’s grief, which echoed despondently in her soul, tearing her in two; her mom’s near-maniacal voice as she spoke with her father on the telephone later; and …
And more.
She remembered the slaps her mom had given her, the only time Melody had ever been physically punished by her … and then the aecxis, like a nuclear explosion in her vision—light!—red and blinding and furious. The overwhelming urge to use that light on her mom, to hurt her badly, to make her pay for Yaeko’s tears and the lies she heard her spewing over the phone to the doctor, to her father. She remembered trying to leave, to escape, to be with her beloved friend, to rescue her. But the aecxis was rising like lava up her spine, into her brain. The pain—pain! … She had closed her eyes against it, but it tore them open anyway. A jolt of mortal agony had fed through her then….
She came back to herself, breathing very heavily.
Wherever she was, she realized, she came here as a direct result of that confrontation, one that had its very genesis here, at the Pier. Was its resolution to be found at her—
—she gasped, spinning about on her heels, staring back at the tree-covered monolith—
—at her home?
Was that her home?
She hadn’t realized that during her long reverie she’d meandered well into the dry brush off the sandstone platform to get a better look at the tree-covered monolith in the distance, and when she looked down it was only because she’d stepped on a small ball cactus. She yanked her foot away, yelping in pain. She plopped down in the hot sand and, after pulling out a barely visible cluster of tiny, prickly, feathery needles in her big toe, brushed off the beach sand sticking to her feet, and then put her socks and trainers back on. She didn’t get all the needles—she could still feel them, but the pain of them didn’t matter at this point. She came to her feet and stared at the monolith. But the label seemed pointless to her. It was not a monolith ...
It was her home!
Her home … alone with another monolith, the Pier, and nothing else but looming mountains in a vast, empty wilderness and, behind her, the endless, indifferent ocean.
She stood between both.
She knew she would have to go check it out, to find out for herself. She knew she really had no choice in the matter. Where else can I go? she thought. I came here from my house … perhaps I can go home from it.
She laughed humorlessly at herself. Like that makes any sense…. But … I’m scared. I really, really wish Mr. Conor were here to help me….
I really, really wish Yaeko were here too. I hope she’s okay….
She took one long, wistful look back at the Pier, as though it were her dear friend and trusted guardian, and then waded into the waist-high brush for the pink, tree-shrouded domicile, stepping around the numerous spiky cacti and large boulders, casting about for rattlesnakes. Her heart pounded in her throat, her previous serenity forgotten entirely. A solitary hawk circled far above her.
She had trekked perhaps three hundred yards when she stopped. There was an opening in the scrub, a long patch of cracked earth and then … a street!—her street—Edgemont Street! She stood there for a long time, transfixed by the total weirdness of it all, absentmindedly pulling at the low vegetation brushing her left hand, yanking pungent buds off it, staining her palm green. She didn’t notice. She stepped onto the hot black asphalt and stooped, running her hand over its rough surface. It feels real enough, she thought. She stood and started walking cautiously towards her house, watching it draw closer and closer. And there: there was the stop sign at the corner of Edgemont and Third Street! But … Third Street wasn’t here! … And there, exactly where it would be back on Earth, was the sidewalk that ran in front of her home, the same one she’d draw chalk pictures on as a little girl, the same one she’d walk her black lab Sara on in the early evenings!
The street ended abruptly just past the home’s front yard, ending in the same bushes that spread towards an imperial range far away. The towering spire out there seemed cold and forbidding.
Was her mom here, at this home? Was Sara? Was Mr. Conor?
At the carless driveway she stood, gaping at the yard (the grass needed mowing, just as it did back on Earth), at the chipped white picket fence and the long, rectangular splash of wildflowers running along the sidewalk in front of it, at the hanging plants over the front door’s entrance, at the imposing white square of the closed garage door, trying to make herself believe it was all real.
The front door was open. Sounds trickled out of it … sounds like … like …
… a guitar?
A guitar? Melody craned her neck forward, trying to listen past the soft, constant press of sea breeze murmuring through the brush.
It was a guitar, all right: one that sounded very familiar, as if—
Her eyes grew even wider.
No! she thought excitedly. Could it be? Could he be here?
She took a couple cautious steps forward ...
—Mija … come to me….—
She stopped cold, her heart jumping into her throat.
It was a very pleasant, smooth, gentle voice, and omnipresent, as though her surroundings were speaking to her.
The guitar seemed to get louder, and then the voice called to her again:
—Mija, it is time to come home…. Come home, Melody, come home….—
It seemed so welcoming, so loving, so assuring … She started towards the front gate, pulling it open hesitantly, listening to the music coming from inside; a guitar she was certain of now, but no: How could he be here? How could he know of this place, of Aquanus and the spires and Saturn and …
—Here I am, little girl; here I am …—
Without even realizing she’d done it, she had walked to the screen door, where she pressed her face to the fine dark mesh, her hands raised to her face, trying to get a good look inside. No luck. She could only see a few feet into the entryway. She reached for the handle, pulling back on it—
—MIJA! MIJA! MELODY! RUN, BABY GIRL, RU—!
She wheeled about. The pleasant, smooth, gentle voice had transmuted into a shriek of hopeless horror. It froze her stiff with fear. She whipped her head left and right, the pulse in her neck a dull throbbing roar in her ears. She glanced back inside the home, where the guitar still played … and now with that guitar came a voice. A male voice, singing. The safest, surest, kindest voice she had ever known. The voice of a man who would die to protect her.
Clearly, whatever this wilderness held for her wasn’t benevolent in the least. She had always found safety and serenity both on the Pier and here, at home. And both—somehow—were here, wherever here was. It seemed sensible to assume therefore that both were here to protect her.
She took a deep, tremulous breath, opened the screen door, and stepped inside her house.
~~*~~
“Talk to me, Healer!” 
Conor gripped Luis Arroyo’s shoulders and shook him gruffly. Luis’ hands were blackened by frostbite, and he cried out in pain. The death rattle was in his throat.
“She’s there, in the Sankyan Wilderness! I swear it! He’s there too! Dios mio … Dios mio … Sire, she was … she was walking straight towards him! THE BLACK COFFIN! THE—BLACK—COFFIN!”
The Healer’s eyes were black pinpricks in double circular seas of white terror. He swallowed hard. His breath came in ragged gasps. “I tried calling to her. I tried, Sire! I—”
Conor released the Healer as gruffly as he had held him, crawled hastily back to Melody, placing his knees firmly on both sides of her head. He gripped her blood-stained face—and instantly jerked his hands away, cursing richly. Melody’s pale visage was fatally cold, like dipping his fingers into a vat of boiling lead: cold that burned hot as hellfire. He shook his hands out with an infuriated growl. Set his chin and took a deep, deep breath. Brought his fingers back, his emerald eyes savage with determination. He touched her face again, hissing fiercely through clenched teeth. Roared:
“HOW THE HELL CAN SHE BE IN THE SANKYAN? AND HOW THE BLOODY HELL CAN HE BE THERE TOO?”
Luis came shakily to his feet. He rushed to Conor, tried grabbing his shoulders with frozen hands, crying out as he did, trying to pull the king away from his task. No good. He might as well have tried uprooting a mature oak tree.
“What are you doing?” he yelled, incredulous. “Don’t be a fool! You cannot possibly rescue her, you’ll freeze to death first!”
Conor bellowed without looking up, his eyes screwed shut against the searing pain. The muscles of his bare forearms twitched spasmodically, making Luis wince and look away.
He crammed as much calm into his voice as he could manage. “Highness,” he said quietly, forcing himself to look back at his king, “Your Majesty, please listen to me, to reason. Please. I beg you. This is insanity. You will surely die before you get there. And even if you do make it, you do not have the aecxal reserves to rescue the Apprentice and fight the Black Coffin and return. Please stop.”
And what came out of his king’s mouth in reply was spoken with such fearsome conviction that it felt as if the words had grown powerful muscular arms and pushed him backward three steps: 
“I swear by all that is holy he will NOT claim her too!”
The king threw his head back, his cheeks skinned tight in a brutal and bloodless grimace, his broad white teeth exposed, his eyes crushed shut. A desperate, guttural growl gurgled in his neck. Five minutes later an agonized whistle escaped his mouth: a half cry, half scream of sheerest will. He fell completely silent then, save his breath, which came in ragged sips, his broad chest twitching as it expanded and contracted. Fog smoked from his nostrils and mouth, escaped from between the gaps in his gritting teeth. 
Silent.
Silent. Just like the icy black death that had enveloped both the king’s hands and now crept slowly up his arms.
~~*~~
Melody stepped through the short hallway, her mouth falling open. Sitting on the couch, playing his guitar and singing, with Sara curled peacefully up at his feet, was—
“Daddy?”
Rich Singleton glanced at her, surprised, his song cutting off mid-note. Sara, Melody’s black lab, lifted her head, then rose with a yawn and padded happily to her. Melody patted her head, incredulous. Sara’s tail wagged contentedly as she stared back at the man in the living room, who had stood and was now smiling joyously at her.
“D-Daddy?”
Rich Singleton smiled broadly, his short gray beard framing his thin, almost gaunt face. “Melly,” he said gently. “Oh, honey, it’s so good to see you …”
“Daddy!”
She rushed past the dining nook and into the living room, and into her father’s arms. They embraced tightly.
“Oh sweetheart,” he said, “I’ve missed you so much. I’ve been so worried about you. I’m glad you made it here safe and sound….”
She pulled back, gazing into his dark eyes. She had noticed at once how cold he felt as she held him; now, as she stared into his eyes, she felt that coldness reach an icy finger deep into her soul. His glance seemed utterly flat, lifeless. 
“But … but ... how are you here? How is Momma’s home here—and the Pier too! I’m so confused!”
Her father smiled knowingly at her. He cupped her cheek—his touch was frozen—and said, “I have your answers, baby girl. I’ll answer all your questions in just a minute … what? What’s wrong?”
“Your hands! They’re cold! And …”
“And what?”
“No, it’s nothing …”
“No, go on, I want to hear it. Tell me … please?” he smiled gently.
“Don’t you remember?” said Melody. “You always hated ‘baby girl.’ Momma says that’s how I got nicknamed ‘Bug.’ You said I was always as ‘cute as a bug,’ remember? It sounded better to you.”
“Ah. Right. Right. Silly, silly me,” he chuckled. “How could I forget?” 
For a moment Melody was sure she saw a brief spark of nearly unrestrainable anger flash through that dead stare. But then it vanished, and he said, “Sorry about my cold hands, ba—er, Bug. Sorry. You know us old guys … poor circulation, poor memory—and no hair!” He wiped a hand over his bald head. “All the vital systems going south, wouldn’t you know? Happens when you get to be a dinosaur like me.” And then, before she had time to respond to him, he grabbed her hands, making her shiver. “Let me look at you,” he said as he backed away, his eyes smiling dully with pride. He held her arms up. “Oh, Melly,” he crowed lovingly, “you are turning into such a beautiful young woman. It’s a real blessing that you got your mother’s good looks and not this ugly mug!”
She smiled awkwardly. “Thank you, Daddy.”
“Don’t mention it,” he said, releasing her. “But of course, I’m very biased. My daughter is the prettiest girl in Imperial Beach, I’d wager!” He motioned towards the couch. “Come, come. Let’s sit. Let’s sit and I’ll explain everything to you, okay? Would that make you feel better?”
He stopped up. “Where are my manners? You must be parched as the desert outside. Would you like some lemonade? Got a whole fresh pitcher of it in the fridge, what d’ya’ say?”
“Uh … no thanks,” said Melody. “I’m not really thirsty right now….”
Rich Singleton nodded, motioning towards the couch. She sat next to him.
She suddenly felt infinitely assured, a solid sense of protection and security that made her certain the ghostly omnipresent voice outside was a malevolent one and that she was safe now in the sure, protective hands of her father. But … her father was here, so does that mean he’s—?
“How’s your mother?” he asked, interrupting her thoughts. “I’ve been thinking of her a lot lately.”
“But Daddy, you—I mean … I mean you know, don’t you? You spoke to her on the phone last night ... right? Don’t you remember?”
He adjusted himself on the couch, glancing at her deeply for a moment. After another oddly tense second he offered, “Yes. Yes, I do remember, honey. I guess what I’m trying to get at is, what happened? Did you”—he grasped her hand, making her shiver again—“did you have a fight with her, Bug?”
“Yes. A bad one,” admitted Melody sheepishly. “She’d gone crazy … I mean … because … because she saw this, Aquanus! Like, seriously crazy. She slapped me! She did, Daddy—serious! She’s never slapped me before, ever! I ...” She looked away. “... I decided to run away. But she was standing in my way, and I could feel it … I mean—” She shook her head fitfully. “There’s too much, too much to explain…. But you must know … I mean you’re here, which means you must be a Mathematician too!” She gazed, awed, at her father, who was watching her carefully. “Are you? Are you a Mathematician too?”
Rich Singleton held her glance for a second longer, very seriously, and then broke out in laughter. It was a laugh Melody remembered well, a quiet, self-effacing he-he-he that always made her feel very close to him.
“Oh, sweetheart,” he said between he-he’s, “of course I am! It’s how I’m here, on Aquanus, with you! The truth is, I knew about the fight you had with your mother, and I knew you were in serious trouble; and so to protect you, I brought you here.” He looked up and around wonderingly. “This, Bug, is a very special place known as the Sankyan Wilderness. It’s beyond your dreams, Melly; it’s beyond any mortal’s dreams. It is real—and it is not real. But—enough of the weird descriptions; I don’t wish to alarm you. What is it? You have another question? Or another million?” And he laughed again—he-he-he.
Melody asked, delicately, “Is that … I mean, you being a Mathematician … is that … is that why you and Momma got divorced when I was two?”
Rich Singleton studied her with his dark, expressionless eyes, as if trying to discover the answer to some mystery. Then he nodded slowly. “Yes, honey. I didn’t want her to know. And I didn’t want it to affect you. I was hoping you wouldn’t end up with the Gift too. Praying, in fact. But you have. You’re here. We’re here. Together!” He smiled sweetly, thoughtfully.
“I don’t believe it,” she whispered.
“I never wanted you to have this ability, sweetheart,” he said quietly. “But here you are. And—” he met her gaze very seriously—“it sounds like it’s causing quite some trouble back home. So I brought you here to deal with it. The good news is we can end your troubles with the aecxis today, Bug. I really think it’s time we begin your training. We need to lasso this Gift before it turns my sweet daughter into a monster!” He patted her hand. “You’re going to ask me something?”
She shook her head. “No. I just … It’s just that Mr. Conor … what?”
For at the mention of her teacher’s name her dad’s lifeless eyes dissolved for an instant into the darkest hate she had ever seen. It gripped her, held her, as ice cold as his touch—and then was gone in the next moment as he smiled … though it seemed to take great effort for him to do so. His grin increased in stages. Sara raised her head from her paws and stared at her, having lain at her feet earlier.
“Oh, nothing, honey,” he replied without inflection. “Mr. Conor, you say? Who is Mr. Conor? Is he your teacher?”
Melody nodded enthusiastically. “Yes. And he’s a Mathematician too! He’s amazing! He knows all about Aquanus and the Pier to Forever and—”
“And what did Mr. Conor tell you?” 
She was sure she heard contempt in that question, an emotion totally foreign to Richard Singleton, who was the most generous, accepting man she’d ever known.
She stammered, taken aback, “H-he s-says that Mathematicians become what they are b-by choice. That—”
Her father laughed. It seemed to grip him, his he-he-he’s going on and on as he stared flatly, unblinkingly at her.
“Oh sweetheart, no!” he finally got out. “No, no, no! Your Mr. Conor”—he brought a frosty hand to her knee—was his touch even colder?—she could feel it plainly through her jeans—“is so sorely mistaken that I don’t even know where to begin!” His gaze fixed on her. “Here’s a little secret for you, Bug. There is no such thing as a self—so there is no such thing as free will! Do you think I wanted to become a Mathematician so long ago?” he demanded, his voice quickly losing its gaiety as he spoke. “Well, I didn’t. I hated the aecxis, hated it. But it persisted, like a whiny little gnat. It was in my mind, everywhere I went. I was just about your age, too. 
“Oh, Melly, honey, we have no choice in what we are to become in this life: the self doesn’t exist, and so free will is an illusion. Everything you are is just random chance and blind accident and glands and the society in which you were raised. Your path was set for you before your sweet brown eyes even opened for the first time. Your Mr. Conor is deluding himself—and deceiving my daughter in the bargain!”
Melody sat still for a long time, thinking. “You said something about helping me with the aecxis. Can … can you help me?”
“That’s why I’m here,” said Rich Singleton happily, assuringly. “You see, Bug, you had no choice in becoming a Mathematician—it’s been with you since birth—and now I’ll show you that you have no choice with what you’ll do with your newfound abilities.”
“What must I do with them?”
Her father focused even harder on her, his once-flat dark eyes now soft, full of love and understanding. 
“You must use the aecxis, Melody, to destroy yourself.”
It took a moment for that to register.
“You want me to … to … kill myself?”
Rich Singleton laughed—he-he-he—and then said, “I’m sorry, honey. No. That’s not what I meant. I’m just trying to be honest with you—we’ve always had an honest relationship, haven’t we? And … well, Melody, you’re a young woman now, not a child, so I think direct honesty is the best choice here. I hope I haven’t scared you too much …”
He reached out to her with a cold arm and hugged her to himself.
She glanced up at him. “Then … what do you mean?”
“What I’m trying to get at is you aren’t important.” He released her. “You’re nothing—and so am I!” He laughed gaily. “We’re nothing, Bug, nothing at all, so unimportant, so inconsequential, so temporary. Do you think this great big universe cares about us? About me? About you? It doesn’t, sweetheart. And so, if we really wish to count in this world, we must learn to deny ourselves, who we are—for the greater good. If we destroy our petty little wishes and desires on behalf of humanity, we join the billions and billions of others who have done so throughout human history, who do so every day of their lives, every second of the day! Who are we to question the cumulative wisdom of so many, of the crowd? And so we take our petty, selfish little ‘one’ and add it to the multitude. We submit to society’s will. And that, sweetheart, is how we achieve true greatness: the only way we can make even a smidgen of difference in this enormous, heartless, uncaring world. We must take the aecxis and bend it to the will of the world. We must destroy ourselves—metaphorically speaking, honey, please don’t be alarmed—in order to save ourselves. And guess what—we can use the aecxis to do just that! Isn’t that wonderful?”
When Melody didn’t answer, her father moved closer to her, his face just inches from hers. She was staring downward at Sara, who had fallen back asleep. She heard him whisper: “Do you want to hurt your mother? Don’t you think it’s inevitable that you will eventually? That you’ll end up hurting others?”
She flashed back to the dark school hallway and the grisly image of three dead bullies at her feet. She shuddered, decided not to say anything about it. Instead she said quietly, “I don’t want to hurt Momma. I love her.  I don’t want to hurt anyone ever again! I don’t know if I can control the aecxis, it’s completely out of my control!”
“Yes,” nodded Rich Singleton sympathetically, “but it doesn’t need to stay that way. We can begin your true training right now and learn to control the aecxis and save your mother—along with everybody else. We can become safe for her, for everybody, forever. All great Mathematicians destroy themselves, Melly. They destroy their ‘spirits,’ if you will—though it must be said that the soul doesn’t exist; science has already proven it; I’m speaking merely metaphorically … We must destroy who we are for mankind’s greater good. To protect mankind. It is saintly, sacrificial service. I’m afraid Mr. Conor’s advice has done great harm to you. I’m glad I intervened when I did.”
“I didn’t know,” said Melody.
“Now you do,” answered her father. “Now you do.”
“But … Daddy—?”
“Yes?”
“If I destroy my self—er—who I am—to join the masses, who have all done the same thing …”
“Yes?”
“Then—then who leads the masses?”
Her father’s face once again—and just for an instant, like before—darkened, as though the question were an impertinence, as though he couldn’t be bothered to answer such an inferior query from such an insignificant mind. But then it was gone, though Rich Singleton rebuked her gently: “Sweetheart, I really don’t think this is the time to go too deeply into this. We have far more important things to do. But consider: when we destroy our ‘selves,’ we destroy that part of our being that judges, that discriminates, that weighs and evaluates—what people call the ego. And isn’t this exactly what mankind’s leaders, teachers, and spiritual guides have been telling us to do for thousands of years? Well, they’re right, Bug. Our judgment, our ego—is evil. Evil! It assumes that we know, that we’re special, that we have some fiction called a ‘self’ inside us, that we count. But to count, one must count either against someone or a group of someones—or count as part of a collective. There isn’t a third option. But think, sweetheart! If we are all the same—if you add yourself willingly to the multitude—then there really is no longer a need to count at all! We can give up to those who know better and who can use us as they see fit—for the greater good of all humanity, of course. This is what your training is for, Melody. This is how you become truly great. This is the highest goal of any true Mathematician. Perhaps that answers your question?”
“I … I don’t know. I—I guess I’m a little confused….”
“Of course you are. Of course. I admit this is all a bit heavy. But—” he patted her hand again—“that’s what I’m here for—to help you muddle through the morass and find yourself—and then help you destroy yourself. Only then can you be of no threat to your loved ones, to your community, to your world and its rightful leaders. Our leaders really do know better, honey. And who are we to get in their way? Wouldn’t you agree?”
Melody sat silently, lost in thought.
Rich Singleton grabbed her chin with frozen fingers, turning her face to his. His eyes were very determined, almost maniacal, as he said: “If you remember anything, Melody, remember this: Heroism has nearly destroyed the earth, and Aquanus too. Think of it! True heroes are flies in the ointment, are troublemakers, are rogues and rebels and nonconformists. Overbearing egomaniacs! They believe in the self, in the individual spirit. They believe they can make a difference—a silly, ludicrous notion! They go against the rightful order of things”—he squeezed her chin with each word—“for there is no such thing as a hero who has destroyed himself, Melody, even in the slightest degree, in order to join the masses. There is no such animal. But think of what this means! Think! You don’t want to be a hero! Heroes are egotistical and judgmental! They have set themselves apart—higher! They think they somehow know better, think they know what is right and wrong for everybody, think they know the truth. Such arrogance! You will no longer need to be one of them, to be a hero. You’ll no longer need courage. You’ll always be safe—safe, secure, warm, comfortable, the scary decisions already made for you, the need to question, to struggle, to suffer—all gone. And all that such a life requires is, ironically, a single act of courage. Your very last act of courage. What do you say, Melody?”
He released her chin. It almost felt numb where he had gripped it.
She hesitated. “I … I want to be safe and secure. I’m afraid of the aecxis. I don’t want to hurt anybody else ever again. I just want to go back to what I was. I don’t want to hurt Yaeko ever again—”
“Yaeko? Yaeko? Who’s Yaeko?” asked her father urgently and abruptly, his sure demeanor vanished, as though the answer was extremely important to him. He leaned forward, staring very intently, waiting ...
Melody felt good that her dad seemed so interested in her life, in what she had to say. “My best friend,” she smiled. “A violinist, Daddy! She’s so incredible … Anyway, when I used my power in the past it hurt her badly—even though I wasn’t using it on her. I don’t want to hurt her anymore.”
Her father seemed to be lost in his own thoughts for a time. He stared at her absentmindedly, then said, “Of course … of course you don’t….”
“Will the training stop the aecxis from hurting her?”
He came back to himself, smiled gently at her. “She’ll never be harmed by it again, Bug.” Then he asked, “Do you love your best friend, sweetheart?”
She nodded solemnly.
“Then don’t you think it’s your duty to start your training right now so you don’t hurt your friend Yaeko ever again?”
After another long moment, she nodded again.
Her father smiled widely. “That’s my girl,” he said proudly, “that’s my girl….” He rose from the couch, stretched his arms over his head. “Come,” he said, yawning, “let me start you out on your first—and, as it turns out, your most important—task. We’ll call it ‘The Courage to Destroy Your Courage.’ Follow me.”
She stood, leaving Sara to sleep, and followed him out the front door and into the eye-hurtingly bright blue day. She followed him to the end of the carless driveway, half expecting the omnipresent voice to return. Her father was pointing at the Pier.
“Beautiful, isn’t it? Such a magnificent structure, so regal, so powerful in its own right—even against the Sisters and the Somgargathas behind us …”
“Sisters? Somgargathas?” asked Melody, curious.
He glanced at her. “Sisters. What Aquanians call the great spires. There are ten along Ae Infinitus east-to-west; another ten along the north-south Pier known as the Eternitam. The Somgargathas are the mountains behind us. ‘Sleeping Giants’—that’s what Somgargathas means on Aquanus. I suppose our good Mr. Conor failed to mention the spires to you as well?”
“Yes,” said Melody quietly.
“Well,” her father said kindly, “don’t get too down on him. I’m sure he means well … though I think we can both agree that perhaps he should confine himself to teaching middle school instead of filling your head with all sorts of bankrupt notions of heroism and being special in any way. Agreed? Maybe? Maybe?” He poked a frozen finger into her back playfully.
But she didn’t answer. She felt deeply conflicted and resentful of her teacher that moment. She glanced up at her father, who smiled at her knowingly before gazing back at the Pier. She turned to look with him.
“Do you see that pretty blue light in the tower at the top of the building at the end?” he asked.
She nodded.
“It’s no ordinary light, Bug,” he said. “In fact, it’s really not a light at all.”
“What is it?” she asked breathlessly, feeling somehow that she was very close to an answer of some kind.
“It’s an extraordinary entity known as the Eleysian Teardrop,” stated her father with an odd background note of contempt in his voice. “Legend has it that it’s the very heartbeat of this world, the heartbeat of every world Aquanus touches, the ‘Guardian of Life’ itself”—there was that hidden contempt again—“the ‘Guardian of the Aecxis’ and the immense power behind it. You are looking at a living thing, Melody, a superbeing. A source of power so vast that though its home is here on Aquanus, it brought forth life on Earth nearly four billion years ago.”
“The Tangent,” Melody whispered.
“Yes,” said her father, “very good, Bug. The Tangent. The eternal embrace between Earth and this world. Bet Mr. Conor didn’t tell you there are four such Tangents: the one connected to Earth, the one at the west edge of Aquanus, and a pair at the north and south edges, respectively. Each leads to a different world—though their Zeroes—when you can cross them—vary radically from one another. Did Mr. Conor bother telling you these things?”
Melody shook her head, not looking back at him. Snickering in derision, he said, “Of course not.”
“Daddy?”
“Yes?”
“What is the Eleysian Teardrop doing here, in the tower at the top of the restaurant at the end of the Pier? Why is it here? How can it be in two places at one time—and how can our house be, too? Is any of this real?”
He placed a frosty hand on her shoulder. “It’s all part of the mystery of the Sankyan Wilderness,” he said. “Don’t be alarmed. The mysteries you ask about can be answered later, after your first task is completed. For now, trust me when I tell you this: that Pier is very real; you’re very real; and so am I. And yes, it can exist in two places at one time, as can you ... as can I.”
“But …” she shrugged, confused, “but why would something so powerful and beautiful and ancient be in a musty old tower at the end of the Imperial Beach Pier? It makes no sense!”
“That’s a long, long story, honey,” laughed Rich Singleton—he-he-he—his icy grip on her shoulder tightening assuringly for a second. “What I’ll tell you now is that a little more than twenty Earth-years ago the Teardrop was stolen from its rightful place in a magnificent Temple at the center of Aquanus and brought here by some terribly evil, misguided, egotistical men, men who thought they could exploit its power, men who thought they could terrify Aquanus and become very wealthy in the ransom. Unfortunately, by stealing the Teardrop they have condemned it to death.”
“What?”
He-he-he. “Like I said, the Eleysian Teardrop is this world’s heart. It’s the heart of every world Aquanus touches through its Tangents. Now tell me, Melly: What would happen if someone tore your beating heart from your chest and threw it in some musty old tower on top of a cheap fish restaurant?”
“I’d … die,” said Melody quietly.
“And so would your heart!” laughed her father.
“But … how can the Eleysian Teardrop still be alive after twenty years? That’s a long time!”
“That’s a long time for you and me, honey,” he said, “but not for something as powerful as the Eleysian Teardrop. Twenty years is nothing to it. Remember: it’s been around for billions of years. Twenty years isn’t even a blink of an eye to it. Despite that, its time draws very short. It has perhaps a year, maybe two, maybe less. Then it’ll die.”
“Then what happens?”
There followed a cold, ominous silence.
“Daddy?” 
She turned.
Her father was staring straight at her.
“You are such a beautiful, sweet, naive little girl,” he said in a low voice. “So full of innocence and joy and silly ideas. Your life force is so vibrant, so ... powerful....”
Rich Singleton’s gaze was unblinking, his once-dull eyes now filled with a kind of lust that made Melody inwardly recoil with disgust. 
“Daddy?” she said, suppressing the violent urge to step away from him, to give herself away.
He reached out slowly and cupped her face. His fingertips were so cold they stung.
He smiled.
“If the Teardrop perishes, Melly, then the Tangents will collapse. Great destruction will follow, the end of all life on Earth and Aquanus and all the other worlds the Teardrop touches. We can’t let that happen. You can help it. You can help it be reborn, just like a phoenix! That is a big part of your first big test. Are you ready?”
It struck Melody then, and she forgot everything her dad just said and her question about what the rest of the first test entailed. 
“No …” she whispered. “No …” She stared back at her dad. “Mr. Conor! Daddy—is … is Mr. Conor one of those evil men who … who stole the Teardrop?”
Rich Singleton cocked his head to one side, studying her. After a time he blinked understandingly, his expression pained. “I’m so sorry, sweetheart.”
She felt her heart drop to her feet. “No, it can’t be! He … no! He’s such a nice man, so kind. He—”
“That’s how they usually work, Bug,” interrupted her father in a matter-of-fact voice. “They gain your trust—then bam! they’ve got you.” He-he-he. “Most times it’s too late. Like I said, I’m really glad I intervened when I did.”
He paused. Then: “I’m truly sorry you had to find out this way, Melody. I know how much you like Mr. Conor. But he’s not a good man. Not a good man at all.”
“But … how did he cross the Tangent?”
“He used the Teardrop,” replied Rich Singleton. “The Teardrop’s own power, so close to the Tangent, at the time of a Zero, opened the Tangent widely, and for a long time. It was easy for him to cross. Heck, any imbecile with even a passing wish to cross could’ve done so then! Interesting, isn’t it?”
She felt nauseous; her skin crawled. How could she have been so stupid? She looked up to Mr. Conor! It was sickening to even consider it now. She glanced over her shoulder at her dad. “What do you want me to do?”
He pointed at the light that wasn’t a light. “That,” he said, moving close to her and whispering in her ear. “That.”
“The Eleysian Teardrop?”
“Yes. I want you to bring it to me.”
She turned about, gawking. “Huh?”
“Bring the Teardrop to me,” he repeated slowly, his voice very low.
“But—but won’t it burn my hands? That light is bright! What are you going to do with it, Daddy?”
“It’s all part of your first test, Bug. And no, it won’t burn your hands. Simply reach up for it, and it will come to you. It won’t harm you: it will simply rest in your hands. It won’t do anything else—I promise. Remember, it isn’t really a light; it won’t burn you; it’s a living thing. Once in your hands, bring it back to me.”
“Then what?”
He stared at her. “You’re going to help the Teardrop, sweetheart. We’re going to let the Teardrop be reborn again, so that it can return to its rightful place.”
He smiled. And before Melody could ask another question, he said:
“The way up to the Temple Sanctuary Room—yes”—he smiled a very self-satisfied smile—“yes, that’s what I believe it is called: the ‘Temple Sanctuary Room’—is easy. Go in through the back way. There’s a door back there—though you’ll need to tug hard on the handle, as I recall, it’s ...”
“... rusty,” said Melody quietly, remembering the disquieting cracking noise it made when Mr. Conor (the evil Mr. Conor?) opened it before walking her down the short, dark hallway to meet the enigmatic (and evil?) dishwasher Harry Chin.
“Yes, very,” he-he-he’d Rich Singleton. “Bring the Teardrop to me. Then you will finish your task.” 
He smiled wanly. “Today you will help me save the world, Bug. Today you will help me save all worlds. Understand?”
“Okay. I’ll try, Daddy,” she said.
He brought a hand to her shoulder and squeezed it lovingly. “I know you will, honey. Are you ready?”
Melody nodded.
“Good. Now get going.”
Rich Singleton watched, a very satisfied smile on his bearded face, as Melody strode down the barren street towards the Pier, then into the desert scrub, picking her way around the waist-high brush. He turned and walked inside the pink house, whistling to himself.
~~*~~
Luis Arroyo, Healer, stared at his king, Aedan Conor.
The king hadn’t moved for over an hour. His head was thrown back, as before, his teeth still clenched tightly together, his eyes screwed shut. Luis found himself repeatedly looking away, but unable to keep from looking back, as one can’t tear oneself away from staring at a battlefield littered with mangled corpses. The same thought kept slamming against his mind: He is a dead man. I am looking at a dead man. It is just a matter of time now. And I am doing absolutely nothing about it.
The frostbitten blackness of dead, cracked flesh had crept up Conor’s arms, past his elbows and under the short sleeves of his striped shirt. Conor’s breath had become raspy and random, interspersed with huge inhalations and exhalations. It whistled through his teeth and nose and emerged as a menacing fog which coiled up through the still air of the kitchen like smoke, dissipating slowly.
He is closing on the Black Coffin. He is getting closer. And then he is going to die. I am looking at a dead man….
Necrolius Anaxagorius, Emperor of Aquanus, the greatest, the most bloodthirsty Mathematician ever to live, a being so feared that Aquanus’ citizens had long since given him another name:
The Black Coffin.
Necrolius Anaxagorius. Warlord and parasite, hatemonger and conqueror. Necrolius Anaxagorius who, to increase his power, feeds upon the living aecxis within others, sucking the very life-force out of them, sucking their souls away, leaving them as frozen husks, only to find his lust for power increased, not sated…. 
Twenty-two years ago the Black Coffin swarmed north from his frozen lair with a numberless army of savage marauders, exterminating millions, to claim Aquanus as his own, the survivors little more than penned cattle waiting to be slaughtered, waiting for him and his minions to descend upon them, to feed, to leave their shattered corpses behind, women, children, whole cities, whole nations....
But the real reason for the invasion—a reason known only by a handful of individuals at the time, Luis among them—was the Eleysian Teardrop, the wondrous entity found at the center of Aquanus in the mighty Temple Kentein Intersectum. Possess and consume the Teardrop, and the Black Coffin would be able to lay claim to near-infinite powers and thus the ability to dominate, not just Aquanus, but any world the Four Tangents touched. Most especially Earth.
Earth—with its seven billion sentient, soul-filled human beings.
Twenty-two years ago a brash young king named Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I had entered the Temple Kentein Intersectum and emerged with the Teardrop and the fantastic legendary talisman known as the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm, along with a startling prophecy which a mysterious being living inside the Temple had given him.
The prophecy spoke of a young girl who would one day rebuild the Temple, soon to fall to the emperor, thus assuring his ultimate defeat and destruction.
Luis Arroyo brought his gaze back to the king, who was on his way to rescue that very girl, now unwittingly so close to the Black Coffin that Conor’s very touch on her skin was killing him.
This is a mistake! thought Luis fiercely, balling his fists. They will both die in the Sankyan. And then all hope will be lost. The Black Coffin is just too powerful. He has consumed so many, so many....
He closed his eyes, closed them tightly, for just then a face came to him, a very special face, whose lonely, agonized cries he heard every single night. A beautiful dark face, one wrapped in mortal pain as the Black Coffin sucked her soul away slowly, diabolically, gleefully....
He gave a silent prayer, and then whispered: 
“Don’t let him claim Melody too, Highness.”
He opened his eyes, glanced down at his hands. They were nearly healed, the continuing sensation in them as though he was dipping them in warm, relaxing water, the ghastly blackness in them gone.
He looked up. An old Japanese woman was staring at him from just inside the entryway to the mother’s darkened bedroom. She shuffled from the room and next to him. He motioned for her to remain silent. She nodded and pointed towards the debris-filled living room, where two Kumiyaay still stood silently, their faces etched with concern at their king’s gruesome visage, at the black death now reaching icy tentacles up his neck. Luis rose from the chair and followed her into the room, stepping over the detritus scattered everywhere. The Japanese woman was less than five feet tall, making Luis, at five and a half feet, feel positively towering. She turned and whispered in a thick accent, “The mother is healing from her burns.”
“Good,” said Luis, “good …”
“But her soul is deeply wounded. She requires your assistance.”
“It can wait.”
“Not for long,” came another thickly accented Japanese whisper, this one male. Luis turned to see an old man hobble up next to him. “Her spirit is wounded grievously. It cannot remain untreated.”
“I know my job,” retorted Luis.
The old man didn’t seem at all affected by the rebuke. He turned and pointed at Yaeko, his hand trembling.
“This is the Traveler,” he said. “Remember, wife? We were at the Tangent the first time she crossed it. What a remarkable being.”
Conor gave a sudden loud exhalation, his breath rising slowly into the air.
Luis brought his attention back to the old couple. Then he snorted in derision. “The Traveler” was nothing more than an ancient Aquanian myth, a children’s fairy tale. He thought: And there is a Santa Claus and an Easter Bunny and my name is Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The old man motioned between the girls, at their clasped hands.
“Notice,” he whispered, “His Majesty is freezing to death from the presence of the Black Coffin, but the Traveler is not. Somehow his evil cannot touch her.”
Luis stared, stunned. He should have noticed this anomaly, but somehow hadn’t. He didn’t know what shocked him more: Yaeko’s unharmed touch on Melody’s skin, or the fact that he, as a Healer, had completely missed such a vital and telling fact.
“Well, I will be …” he whispered.
Sure enough, the Young Master’s grip on Melody’s hand brought no apparent ill effects to herself. That grip looked tight: a grip not of friendship, but—
“She’s protecting her …” breathed Luis. He blinked heavily. “From the Black Coffin. I cannot believe it.”
“Both of you are mistaken,” stated the old woman. “There is no protection against the emperor’s touch. Your theory is incorrect.”
“No known protection, wife,” corrected the old man. “But remember: this one can cross the Tangent at will. Such a feat has long been known to be impossible.”
Luis looked up. “You’ve been drinking Galarragian ringwater,” he said flatly, trying to maintain a whisper. “It is impossible. No one can do it—not even the king, not even the Black Coffin.”
“This one can,” said the old man. He smiled at his wife, who smiled back. “We’ve seen her do it.”
Luis’ countenance drained of credulity. “You saw it. You witnessed it with your own eyes.”
The woman nodded. “Many times,” she said.
Luis glanced back at Yaeko. He heard the involuntary gasp leave his own mouth, followed by an equally involuntary: “How does she cross?”
“She plays her violin,” said the man. His voice shook as he added, “It is the most beautiful music we have ever heard. It is not just the violin she plays; it’s as if she makes of the universe a symphony and brings it into her melody. One hears more than the violin; one hears the very Cosmos cry out in joy.”
“The Symphony of Life,” said the woman, radiant.
“A violin,” whispered Luis, remembering the past performances of Yaeko Mitsaki. Performances beyond anything he had ever seen before. But—she died in a car crash! And now—somehow—she was alive, and here, near the Tangent, where she protectively clutched her best friend’s hand.
All he could say was: “Unbelievable.” 
He looked up. “How did you know to be there when she first crossed? Neither of you are Dreamcatchers. Did the king send you?”
“The king did not know of the Traveler’s existence until just today, we are told,” said the man.
“Then how—?”
But the old Japanese couple only smiled knowingly at each other.
“I have an idea,” said the woman. “What if we moved the Traveler next to the king? Perhaps her touch would be of benefit to him.”
“Too risky,” said Luis, irritated. The couple hadn’t answered his question. He was their superior and knew he could order them to answer it—and knew such an order would fall on deaf, amused ears. There’s an intransigence that comes with old age, he thought, and then suppressed a tense grin. But I am not one to talk; I am a stubborn vato too.
He said: “If we ruin his concentration, the Apprentice will surely be lost. The king has made it clear that she is the highest priority, even over his own life.”
“His errand is fatal,” said the woman darkly. “Surely he will not survive.” Then she said, “My husband and I will return to the mother.” She gazed at the old man, and again they exchanged knowing, but much more serious, glances; “We will continue administering her care.”
“Good,” said Luis. “Good. I will call you if anything changes.”
Another knowing glance between them. Luis felt his patience ebbing away. But the couple was bowing to him—he bowed in return—and with that they shuffled back to the darkened bedroom of the Apprentice’s mother.
Luis looked back at the Kumiyaay, motioned them to him. “You are not needed here,” he told them as they came close. “Report to Commander Jelignite. Tell him we need more Healers here immediately. The king is in grave danger and will require more assistance than I will be able to give him.” 
He watched as they saluted and quickly left the home. Luis sat back in his chair next to Conor.
His own hands were completely healed. But he still felt terrible.
It was all a lie, he thought. Everything I just told them, one big lie.
For the king was a dead man—and he did not want Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus’ beloved Kumiyaay to watch their leader die.



Chapter 24
The Eleysian Teardrop
Melody made her way up the Pier, staring at the blue light in the tower at the top of the building at its end. The blue light: not just a blue light. Her father had called it the Eleysian Teardrop. A living thing—a guardian! The low, constant roar of the surf fell behind her as she walked, a backdrop to the tide of thoughts rising inside her now:
Daddy is a Mathematician! I must destroy my courage for the betterment of mankind…. I must destroy my courage—by an act of courage…. I am nothing…. There is no such thing as a self, as free will…. Heroes have almost destroyed the earth…. To be truly great, I must destroy who I am…. The Teardrop—the amazing light I am walking towards now, the light that really isn’t a light—started life on Earth four billion years ago!... Only the herd counts....
She stopped in her tracks.
Her father had never used the word herd to describe humanity or any of its numberless cultures, societies, groups, institutions, tribes, religions, or organizations. Melody heard herself think it and felt the shock of it as it blunted heavily against her consciousness. It was such a harsh word—herd—so jarring: a word that implied mindlessness, ignorance, blind faith, groupthink.
Daddy knows what he’s doing, she finally concluded. He rescued me. He knows I’ll keep hurting Yaeko, and that I’ll hurt Momma too. I’ll kill again …
I don’t want to be a hero! I just want to be me! I just want to be normal again….
She stared at the Eleysian Teardrop. The deep blue light stared indifferently back. After another minute of studying it, of trying to grasp the enormity of its power—it started life on Earth four billion years ago!—she started towards it once again.
Two minutes later she gained the restaurant at Pier’s end. She pressed her face to the glass in the double doors, grasping the brass levers of the doorknobs, jiggling them. They were locked, the interior dark, the chairs on the tables, the menu board above the restaurant’s counter shrouded in shadow and too difficult to read from here. She pressed her head to another pane of glass. Then another.
It was the darkness that bothered her. Scared her. She knew the only way in was through the back, and that she was stalling. She backed up until the octagonal tower with the Eleysian Teardrop came back into view.
She was doing a noble thing, her father had told her, a very courageous thing, by fetching it and taking it back to him. The darkness must be part of the test, she told herself, steeling herself. I’m going to be courageous—one more time. I’m going to be courageous—for Momma, for Yaeko.
She advanced around the restaurant, her left arm extended away from her body, her fingertips grazing absentmindedly along the painted wooden boards of the building. The spire—Sister—over the water was not even close to being in line with the Pier, she noted curiously, but towered many miles west. As she rounded the restaurant she could see another Sister far, far to the east—to her left—but its distance and the increasing sea haze kept blurring it from her vision. She came to the back door of the restaurant, where Mr. Conor (the thief?) had led her through a dark hallway smelling of fish and dish detergent to meet Harry Chin, the silent, enigmatic dishwasher with the black, pupilless eyes. She had fallen into those eyes, into a terrifying, shrinking sense of herself until, fearing for her life, she pushed back with all her might, returning to the present—and to Mr. Conor’s astonishment.
Is Harry Chin waiting for me behind this door? Did I do the wrong thing by fighting back? Should I have simply “died” then in his gaze? Would it have been death—a real death, a physical death? Does that have anything to do with what Daddy was talking about when he told me I have to “destroy myself”?
She took a deep breath, grasping the heavily rusted doorknob hesitantly. The thought of meeting Harry Chin again was positively petrifying. The thought of meeting Harry Chin alone, without Mr. Conor (she corrected herself again: But he’s one of the bad guys!) was beyond chilling. She felt certain at that moment that this was, in fact, her test. The Eleysian Teardrop had been a ruse. She wouldn’t have to retrieve it after all. Despite her pounding heart, she smiled inwardly at her dad’s cleverness. Harry Chin was waiting for her just inside this gray door. All she had to do was open it. Open it, and not be afraid when she stared into those unblinking bottomless eyes again.
Her palms were sweaty. She released the one gripping the rusty doorknob and then wiped both on her pant legs. She took a couple more deep breaths and gripped the doorknob again.
She whispered, “Courage. For you, Yaeko.”
Melody twisted the knob—the door was unlocked—and then pulled on it. The door wouldn’t budge. She gripped the doorknob with both hands and pulled again, leaning her ninety pounds back for leverage as she yanked hard towards her belly.
It suddenly came ajar with a loud cracking noise. She released the doorknob as it swung open, trying to steady herself—she had had to put her full weight into her efforts—but she was too late. She fell backward on her butt with a hard, painful bounce. The door careened open, slamming against the wall with a bang … but it stayed open.
Melody sat up. Her wrists hurt; her right hand stung. She winced as she glanced at it. A half-inch splinter had gouged itself into the soft flesh at the center of her palm, its entry wound a small circular smear of scarlet blood. She’d have to dig it out later. She glanced back at the doorway.
The hallway beyond was gloomy and unwelcoming. She came to her feet and advanced very cautiously to the doorway, poking her head just inside. No sign of Harry Chin. The bright light of the day made it impossible to make out anything down the hallway’s tomblike depths, where he might be patiently waiting. After fumbling about for a light switch and finding none, she took a couple steps into the darkness …
… and wheeled about, scurrying back outside. Her heart was pounding so hard in her throat she couldn’t breathe. She hurried to the guardrail and leaned against it, waiting for the pythonlike clutch of fear to loosen its nauseating coils from around her chest. The blackness was morgue-silent and terrifying and staring malevolently at her, daring her to penetrate it again.
After another good ten minutes of convincing herself of her courage, she got an idea that seemed to soothe her prickly nerves somewhat. She pulled off her white trainers, stuffing her pink ankle socks into them. She stood and approached the open door; she stooped and stuffed the rubber toes of both shoes under it, securing it as best she could against the wall of the restaurant. She came to her feet; with hands on her hips, she inspected her handiwork. She grabbed the doorknob with both hands and leaned back. The door barely budged. It could not close now and encase her like a mummy inside a pyramid.
She stepped hesitantly back into the hallway, feeling the cool tile floor under her bare feet, dipping slowly into the darkness until it wrapped completely around her.
“M-M-Mr. Chin?”
Nothing.
A bit louder: “Mr. Chin?”
Silence. 
Melody looked wistfully back at the bright blue-white vertical rectangle of light twenty feet behind her and the friendly sea beyond, suppressing a whimper. She gulped and turned back around. She was about to ask after the dishwasher again, but didn’t because an odd four-foot-long pole with a small hook on one end hanging on the wall just to her left grabbed her attention. 
What the heck was that for?
A moment later she noticed the ladder directly above her. It was a good eight feet up—too high to reach. But surely it led to the tower—and the Eleysian Teardrop.
Melody, forgetting about Harry Chin, tried jumping for the ring hanging on the ladder’s last rung, but had no luck reaching it. Then, after something like her sixth try, it occurred to her:
The pole with the small hook hanging on the wall …
She glanced down at her bare feet. Just inches from the big toe of her right foot was a circular indentation in the floor. She’d felt it after several jumps. The circumference of the indentation was gold metal—brass. Another ring. She sat on her haunches and pried at the metal until it came loose. She stood, then made for the pole, unhooking it from the wall. The ladder to the tower was in reality a staircase of sorts held firmly in place to the ceiling by brackets and a pair of thick springs, which she spied immediately. Pull the staircase down using the pole, hook it to the brass ring in the floor, and the way up would be secure. Her eyes had adjusted enough now that she could see the faint outlines of the square hatch in the ceiling above the staircase.
The ladder came down reluctantly, creaking and groaning the entire way. Once the pole escaped her grasp, sending the whole assembly crashing back into the ceiling with a terrifying clatter, the pole flipping wildly towards her, sending her scuttling back outside, panting with fear. But she returned soon after, grasping the hook with twice the determination as before, pulling down on it as the stairs came down with it. The effort was heavy: the springs were as rusty as the doorknob. By the time she’d secured the stair’s hook to the floor ring, she was drenched in sweat and thoroughly frustrated. The palm of her right hand throbbed and was smeared with blood from the embedded splinter.
Melody climbed the stairs until her hands reached the hatch. She took another step, then another, pressing up …
The Temple Sanctuary Room’s floor hatch, which was framed with metal, was heavy but swung open easily. It went up and then down, crashing on the tower floor with a loud, hollow boom, startling her.
Intense blue light flooded down on her. She blinked and looked away until her eyes could adjust. When that wasn’t happening quickly enough for her (this whole adventure was quite unnerving, and she wanted to be done with it as soon as possible), she climbed the remaining stairs to the landing, squinting and groping the whole way, her eyes watering. At the landing she opened her eyes completely, gazing down at her bare feet until she felt she could look up without pain.
The Eleysian Teardrop’s light cascaded down in mesmerizing sheets of cerulean radiance, heavenly and surreal, like insubstantial water. It hung suspended in the small octagonal tower twelve feet up, filling the entire room with an eerie glow that seemed utterly unearthly. The Temple Sanctuary Room’s ceiling sloped from the tower itself to the floor, like being inside a pyramid or temple and looking up, which only added to the effect of being in a strange and holy place. Melody wished there were other windows up here besides the eight small ones in the tower: she wanted to look out them towards home. It felt important for her for some reason to do so.
The Teardrop seemed to simply float up there, unsupported or braced in any way. She moved cautiously until she was directly beneath it (she could not look long at it; it was far too luminous for that) and steeled herself once again. She hesitantly reached both hands above her head, her palms up, her fingers touching. The wondrous light laced through her fingers and passed through her palms, making them glow blood-red, like pressing a flashlight to them. She closed her eyes against the glare and lowered her chin.
She thought:
Am I supposed to say a chant? A prayer? Am I supposed to invoke some rite or take a vow of some sort? 
Her father had told her to simply reach up for it and it would come to her. When her arms began to tire she opened her eyes to a tiny squint and looked up at her hands.
She received a thrill.
The Eleysian Teardrop rested serenely just over the palms of her hands, heavily dimmed from just moments ago. She brought her hands down to chest level, gawking. The Teardrop followed them down, staying just between them. Melody felt like a goddess cradling Sirius the Dog Star in lonely interstellar night. Up close and muted, the superentity did indeed resemble a teardrop, an ethereal liquid bead of grief from heaven itself. The Teardrop’s radiance seemed to exert an odd pressure against her hands, quite unlike the sensation of weight, of substance; rather like a magnet pressing her flesh away from its opposite charge. The room around her had darkened, save the guardian’s angelic nightlight, which blazed brightly against the purple of her shirt. Melody beheld it, completely entranced.
The Eleysian Teardrop suddenly flashed back to its original brightness, blinding her, and fired a sharp spear of laser-blue luminescence directly into her sternum. She cried out, falling heavily to her knees; for it felt at that moment as though someone had shoved a pitchfork straight through the soft vulnerable flesh of her belly and into her hips, down into her legs. The guardian followed her down, firing still. Melody tried swiping it away, but the pain radiated back up into her chest like molten lava, burning the breath from her lungs in a single searing rush, forcing her to double over. She grasped her midsection tightly, her chin slamming down to the floor, her eyes crushed shut. It was agony beyond anything she had ever felt before in her life, so bad she couldn’t draw even a tiny sip of breath, so deep she was certain she was going to die. The pain went on and on as the light continued attacking her.
When she could breathe—when the torment subsided enough for her to do so—she sucked in a life-saving lungful of air that seemed to fill endless lungs. She screamed without thought into the wood: “Mr. Conor, help me!” The hollow, tinny, mournful reverberation of her voice came back at her from the sloping ceiling-walls, echoed back her cries of pain. But then, quite abruptly, the pain completely vanished.
Presently, when she felt it safe to unclutch, to look up, she pushed back onto her haunches, panting heavily, her eyes stinging from terror-tears.
The Eleysian Teardrop was gone. Only the daylight without, grayed through the eight small square windows in the tower above her, illuminated the Temple Sanctuary Room, but barely so. The remote edges of the room, where ceiling met floor, were shrouded in blackness.
—Gone … Inside her? She groped at her gut, whimpering desperately, feeling, sickeningly, as though an alien were inside her, something malevolent eating her very essence, waiting for the moment to burst out in a scarlet bubble of blood and flesh and rage ...
A searing, swirling sensation in her chest, in her heart, rising rapidly into her neck, into her cheeks, into her temples, into her brain—
And then, before she could react, could scream, sure the alien was coming out, the entire universe went blue. There was nothing else in her sight, as though she had fallen into liquid sapphire; nothing but the blinding radiance of the Eleysian Teardrop itself, everywhere. But before she could even sense the rush of real panic, the light faded. Then it too was gone.
The Teardrop hung suspended in space just in front of her as before, dimmed and silent. Melody stood, staring, terrified—and felt that terror escalate even more when the light followed her up, rising with her, just a foot in front of her chest, just as though it had anchored itself to her. When she backed away from it, it followed her. When she turned, it turned with her, staying just a foot in front of her, as if it were part of her now, an extension of her being. Bewildered and frightened out of her mind, she tried pushing it away. But when her hand reached out for it, she felt the pain flash again in her hips; and she knew that she wasn’t to try to touch it.
She stepped through the hatch and backed down the stairs—the Eleysian Teardrop seemed to know of her actions in advance and rose above her head as though following her down—and at their foot she turned and stumbled, trancelike, towards the brilliant rectangle of light of the doorway. The Teardrop hurried down, and then rushed in front of her, as though it wanted something from her. Was it going to shoot light into her chest again? What did it want?
Melody squinted her way back out into bright sunlight, feeling lightheaded and woozy. She mindlessly pulled her sock-stuffed shoes from under the heavy gray door (the Teardrop waited patiently behind her), sitting on the warm wooden planks of the walkway next to it to hurriedly put them on, not bothering to tie the shoe’s laces, merely stuffing them back under the tongues. When she stood the Teardrop hurried back in front of her. Melody could only gawk at it, completely dumbfounded, horrified with the thought of another attack.
Why didn’t her father tell her this would happen? Was this part of the test? Her heart hadn’t quit thumping in her throat since she’d come here; now it seemed to beat twice as fast as before. She felt shocky and detached from reality, fear coursing coldly through her veins, its undertow pulling her beneath its dark surface, threatening to drown her.
She strode shakily forward, the Eleysian Teardrop leading the way. She had completely forgotten about Harry Chin—and it never occurred to her that her earlier guess was wrong.
~~*~~
“I was getting worried about you,” said her father as she breathlessly reentered her home, the Teardrop blazing just ahead of her. He had retaken his seat on the couch and was lazily strumming his guitar (she had heard it as she approached the front door), but now gazed with great interest at the blue light preceding her. Sara lay curled up at his feet, fast asleep. Her father continued staring at the Teardrop very seriously; only after a long time did he turn his attention back to her. 
“I knew you could do it, Melly,” he said. “What a brave girl you are ...”
He stood, setting the guitar forgetfully against the couch. He motioned with his right hand towards the dining-nook table. Melody glanced over her shoulder at it.
The table had been completely cleared, save for a single foot-tall iron candlestick, ornately designed, with the short stub of white candle in its socket.
“What … what do you want me to do, Daddy?”
“Approach the table,” he said. (Was that strain in his voice?) “Go on, honey, it’s okay….”
She looked at him. “I need to tell you what happened in the Temple Sanct—”
“Later, Bug.” He flashed a smile. “It can wait.”
“But—”
“Sweetheart, please. We must hurry now. Go on, go on,” he nodded quickly, jerkily.
The Eleysian Teardrop was at her chest, just a foot away, casting eerie, sharp, shifting shadows everywhere. Melody turned and stepped to the table’s edge. She gazed back at her dad who, oddly enough, still hadn’t moved from where he stood. Sara had woken and now studied the light as well, her black, floppy, white-tipped ears perked up.
“Now,” he said—(was he breathing heavily?)—“now … take the candle and place it under the Teardrop.”
His eyes grew steadily wider as she reached for the candlestick. Her father’s eyes—they hadn’t blinked once, it seemed, since he first set them on the extraordinary guardian. She grasped the candlestick and pulled it slowly under the Eleysian Teardrop …
“Excellent … excellent,” whispered Rich Singleton.
Sara sat at his feet, clearly interested as well. Did she just whine—like she does when she’s hungry?
This must be it, thought Melody. She glanced at his face one last time. A face drawn and sharpened into thirsty lust as he focused like a sphinx at her hand, at the light only scant inches away from the candle itself. She hesitated …
He glanced impatiently away from it and at her. “Go on, honey … go on now … let’s not dawdle,” he winked, forcing a half smile to his lips. Sara whined again, her tail swishing back and forth over the carpet.
Melody took a deep breath. This is it…. Please, God, don’t let it hurt; don’t let the Teardrop attack me again….
She closed her eyes and brought the candle under the light.
She didn’t see what happened next; nor, thankfully, did she feel anything. But in that next second she heard her father hiss, “Yes …”
She opened her eyes.
The Eleysian Teardrop had winked out, replaced by a single, small yellow flame burning meekly atop the white candle.
Her father whispered with enormous pleasure in his voice, “Yes … excellent.”
He began walking towards her, as though the Eleysian Teardrop in its normal form had somehow prevented him from doing so. Melody could feel the danger instinct singing at the base of her skull as he loomed nigh, and thought it odd she would feel that: her father would never, ever intentionally scare her ... But here he came, walking somewhat oddly, with long, slow, imperious strides, his fingers clasped loosely in front of him. Sara remained by his side, impossibly obedient….
She had never known her dog ever to be so obedient ...
… unless, of course, she knew she was going to be fed soon….
“Perfect, perfect,” said Rich Singleton as he joined her at the table. Melody released the candlestick. Her father stared at the quiet little flame with a look of barely concealed glee. Sara, who had sat next to him, suddenly jumped up, her front paws resting on the table, her snout just inches from the small flame.
Rich Singleton violently cuffed the lab behind her head, making Melody jump backward. Her dog yelped in pain.
“Down,” he growled from the bottom of his lungs. Sara cowered at his feet, whimpering. 
Melody felt adrenaline sear through her heart; she wanted to tear away, to run, to bring the Teardrop back to its ethereal form so he would go away, even if that meant being attacked by it again … instead she stared helplessly upward at her father, petrified.
He glanced at her, insane rage written across his countenance ... and then he laughed:
He-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he-he.
“You’re white as a ghost, like you’ve seen Death himself!” He laughed some more. He regained his composure, reached a hand for her face.
“Melly … Bug … sweetheart,” he smiled tenderly, touching her cheek—
He jerked his hand back, hissing viciously as though he had just touched an orange-red stove top.
Melody, startled, asked impulsively, “Are—are you okay?”
He studied his fingers, then glanced at the candle again, then back at her, his visage registering amazement.
“Of … of course! Of course I am!” He smiled that forced smile again, studying her face closely, curiously. “I’m … I’m fine, Bug…. Just a—a nervous tick in my finger … if I touch it … incorrectly … to—to things … it … it … shocks me. That’s all. Really. I’m fine. Fine. Just fine….”
He nodded, composed himself. “Are you ready?”
“For what?”
This must be the real test, she thought.
He leered longingly at the candle. “Blow it out.”
“Huh?”
He whipped his head about, his eyes wild.
“BLOW IT OUT!” he bellowed. “BLOW IT OUT, I TELL YOU! BLOW IT OUT! BLOW IT OUT NOW!”
Melody jumped a full foot backward, cringing deeply inside herself. In her entire life, she had never heard her father yell. She was so frightened she felt like vomiting.
She whispered, feeling the terror-tears rising uncontrollably in her eyes again, “D-Daddy—?”
Rich Singleton glowered savagely at her—and then fatherly concern flashed across his face. It clashed violently with the hate still in his eyes. “Oh, honey, I’m sorry. Please don’t cry. I apologize. I just thought a little forcefulness from dear ol’ Dad might push you to take that final, all-important step. Are … are you ready now—Bug?”
He smiled comfortingly at her, blinking rapidly.
She felt rooted in place, utterly unable to move. She lied: “Y-Yes, D-Daddy …”
“Then step up to the table … come on; that’s my little girl, right to the edge now … there you go…. Now: all I want you to do is simply blow the candle out. That is all. I promise. Then the test will be over, and we can sit and have a nice cold glass of lemonade. You must understand, this is how we’re going to save the Eleysian Teardrop, Melly. I know it seems crazy, blowing it out, but it isn’t, I promise. When we blow it out, we’ll be able to bring it back to life, stronger than ever! Ready? Then let’s blow it out and finish our first task and drink some lemonade. Go on, sweetheart ... go on, blow hard now ...”
Melody stood at the edge of the dining table, feeling it press into her thighs, and looked down at the small, feeble flame flickering vulnerably beneath her. She grasped the cold, dense metal of the candlestick and brought the flame up before her mouth. It was so close the breath from her nostrils made it wave in regular, rustling arcs away from her chin.
In the very back of her mind was the question, scarcely able to filter through the dense, writhing layers of terror blanketing her consciousness: You are going to blow out the thing that spawned life on Earth four billion years ago? 
Her father stared hard at her, all pretense of fatherly concern gone. Melody knew at the most visceral level of horror within her being that if she disobeyed now, it would not be a verbal barrage she’d be hit with, but much, much worse.
She took a deep, trembling, teary breath, screwing her eyes closed and silently praying, her petition a nonverbal jumble of desperation longing to burst free of this moment. Was she about to commit an unforgivable outrage—against all life itself?
The sound of the front screen door suddenly slamming open—
Melody opened her eyes, looked left—
Mr. Conor strode through the entryway, his visage of such concentrated fury that she screamed just to gaze at it.
He roared: “Get away from her, ye filthy bastard!” 
He thrust his left hand out, palm up, his right hand twisting back next to his ear as if pulling back on a heavy invisible bow. A startling ball of sparkling white light, intensely bright, formed from nothing over his palm, gathering and spinning; next second, a shaft of fearsome blue-tinged lightning reached back from it to the hooked fingers of his right hand, like an arrow being drawn back, crackling and twisting savagely—
Mr. Conor bellowed like a war god and released the bolt.
It streaked out the front of the sparkling ball in his outstretched palm and into the chest of her father before he could even react, sending him flying backward as though struck by a wrecking ball. He careened into the coffee table fifteen feet away, bouncing with a bone-crushing crash into the rocking chair against the back wall of the living room. The entire house shook. The bolt thundered like lightning, deafening, hair-raising, the air abruptly thick with the sweet smell of ozone. Rich Singleton shrieked and erupted into flame, flopping and writhing in agony.
Sara attacked before Melody could even blink—the black lab snarled and lunged for Mr. Conor’s throat; but halfway into her leap she froze stiff as if caught in some invisible block of ice. A second thundering bolt of blinding light split from the first, encasing the lab in a shimmering bubble of superheated incandescence. Mr. Conor whipped his right hand from next to his ear, pointing without looking behind him towards the kitchen. The dog-encased bubble lifted with his motion and zoomed with deadly velocity into the far corner of the kitchen, just past the refrigerator. It exploded on impact as if it were made of dynamite, Sara yelping as if she were being brutally tortured by a cruel and heartless master.
Mr. Conor stood, arms split wide, his chin down, the fingers of both hands pointing stiffly and firing lightning, one at her father, who thrashed and screamed in the living room corner, one at her dog, who yelped and cried helplessly in the far kitchen corner. The deafening crash of hellish thunder added to the carnage, the bolts reflecting wickedly in his indomitable green eyes.
“STOP! STOP!” she cried, horrified. “STOP!” She grabbed his arm, having completely forgotten about the candle, which burned calmly back on the table where she had put it. She grabbed his arm—but it was like trying to shake a steel bridge support. Mr. Conor didn’t even seem to notice her presence. And the freakish bolts of blinding lightning were killing her father and her beloved dog ...
“STOP! PLEASE STOP!” Why wouldn’t her own aecxis come in defense of her father? She tried concentrating in the flood of acid panic and paralyzing fear—but nothing, nothing, nothing! Her geometry teacher seemed less a man now than a killing machine, one absolutely dedicated to its grim task until her dad and pet were dead, were ashes, weren’t even that.... She abandoned her efforts to call up the aecxis and punched his arm with all her might, kicking his ankle, slamming her fists into his neck, into the side of his head, his back, his ears … nothing—nothing!—NOTHING!—
Mr. Conor suddenly stopped, the blinding bolts winking out of existence. His arms fell heavily to his sides. The screams from Rich Singleton were ghastly: flames crackled over his body, catching the rocking chair, the drapes, the carpet; flames that quickly filled the room with thick, noxious blue smoke as he hideously thrashed about on the floor. Sara had stopped whimpering and yelping completely.
He studied the candle for a second, and then turned to Melody, his face ferocious.
“Take it back!” he ordered. “Take it back now!”
“NO!” she screamed. “Daddy told me about you, he—”
“That’s not your bloody father!” he yelled. “If he were human he’d be nothing but smoke by now! And that’s not your dog! It’s a Mephastophian—a goddamn DEMON! Now go! Run! I’ve only got one, maybe two more blasts in me—hurry!”
But Melody’s legs refused to work. She stood there, rooted in place, shocked out of her skull. Her father had stopped screaming and writhing. To her horror, she watched as the blazing, charred lump of his body slowly started changing, oozing into another shape, one black, blacker than the blackest night in hell; a shape rising from the acrid cooking flesh beneath it, growing a head, neck, shoulders, the beginnings of arms; rising higher, a figure cloaked and hooded…. From the sparking inferno in the kitchen came a growl … but it wasn’t the growl of an animal, not the growl of anything living—no living thing could make such a noise—but the snarl of such unliving hate that Melody knew instantly it wanted nothing more—had wanted nothing more its entire evil existence—than to kill her, to devour her …
The hooded being in the living room that was once her father was still congealing upward. Awful hollow noises came from it now, the sound of a church choir being burned alive—
Mr. Conor grabbed her shoulders and spun her about to face him.
“LISTEN TO ME! LISTEN!” He shook her violently. “TAKE THE CANDLE AND RETURN IT TO THE TEMPLE SANCTUARY ROOM! DO NOT LET THE FLAME GO OUT, YE UNDERSTAND ME? IF YE VALUE YOUR LIFE, YOU’LL KEEP THE FLAME ALIVE, YE UNDERSTAND? ANSWER ME!”
But Melody couldn’t even get her head to move. She stared at Mr. Conor, scared stiff, helpless tears streaming down her face.
The burning choir screamed even louder … and now a vicious biting chill washed through the entire room, so cold that the flames, which were only a moment ago roaring out of control and threatening to overtake them, suddenly started dying.
Mr. Conor grabbed her chin, forcing her gaze to his, his breath rising in bursts of angry fog. “WAIT FOR ME IN THE TEMPLE SANCTUARY ROOM, WHERE YE GOT THE TEARDROP. WAIT ONLY FOR ME! STAY WITH THE FLAME—IT’S ALL THAT WILL BE PROTECTING YE FROM HIM AND THE DEMON. NOW RUN! RUN, MELODY—RUN!”
It was this last from her teacher that brought her legs back to life. She grabbed the candle, crying, terrified if she ran she’d extinguish it, terrified of leaving him there, terrified of the almost subsonic snarl emanating from the smoke-filled, debris-strewn kitchen.
She gained the front screen door and burst through it back first and into the bright daylight, whimpering helplessly, sobbing uncontrollably, her left hand up and curled around the rustling candle flame, trying to look forward as she spun about and past the driveway and into Edgemont Street, then into the desert brush where it simply stopped in hot sand.
They had come for her. To destroy her. To kill her.
Whatever “they” were, it was crystal-clear: she had come just one breath from blowing out the only thing that had prevented them from doing so.
~~*~~
Conor waited until Emperor Necrolius Anaxagorius was half formed from the charred lump of flesh that had once been Melody’s “father” before once again reaching his left palm out, his right hand twisting back towards his ear, his fingers hooking. The sparkling ball of light and shaft of twisting, crackling lightning seemed to almost dance in anticipation. He waited until he saw the hated Mathematician’s wrists emerge from the smoking mound, then he growled:
“I’m gonna cook ye, then I’m gonna feed ye to your mangy mutt, ye miserable piece of sh—”
But the bolt released that second, and his oath was drowned out by the crack of thunder as lightning shot across the room and into the rising hooded black figure. The Black Coffin screamed, the sound like the whole of death row strapped simultaneously to surging electric chairs. He burst back into flame as Conor whipped his gaze about, catching the wicked snarl coming from the decimated kitchen. He yelled at the demon: “And you, ye flea-bitten leg humper! I’m gonna stuff your carcass in a to-go box and give it to the Chinese family up my street!”—and sent a second bolt of lightning into the growling mass in the kitchen, which had been congealing under the tatters of the cabinet in the corner. It wailed in agony and hatred for Aedan Conor as flame balled around it once more.
But Conor knew. He knew he had, maybe, one more blast in him. The effort to get to the Sankyan Wilderness had already been nearly too much; how he had managed even this much power astounded him…. And then, when his aecxal reserves ran out, the Emperor of Aquanus would rise completely from the dying flames and dead flesh, and so too the Mephastophian … and that would be the end of Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I.
—Just don’t let the candle die, Melody,—he thought with all his might. —You’ll be all right—as long as the flame lives. They can’t harm you as long as the flame lives. Run, Melody, run!—
Had she heard him? Or was her fright too thick to hear his Voice? Could she understand that if she got the candle back to the Temple Sanctuary Room the flame would turn back into the Eleysian Teardrop? Had she figured out she’d never see him again? Because he was going to die here, he knew with a calm finality. He was going to die—but if the Teardrop survives, so will she. So will she….
It was up to Luis Arroyo now to get her home. He can do it, he thought fiercely. Necrolius cannot stay in the Sankyan forever; he isn’t omnipotent; he will have to leave it eventually or become yet another of its countless victims. Melody MUST keep the candle alive…. All depends on that now….
I can die, he thought. She can’t. She’s needed here. Aquanus needs her. Earth needs her. The Tangents need her. I’ll be proud to die here. Luis has heard the Prophecy; he’ll know what to do; he’s not a fool; he’ll figure it out. Clockwise will be there too. He’ll find Quartermane. Quartermane’ll help. Surely he will … Melody WON’T be alone. She can do what needs to be done without me….
She has her mother …
And she has the Young Master.
The bolts of lightning firing from his fingertips flickered, then sparked out of existence. He lowered his arms, completely spent.
I got to meet her. I got that much.
—Godspeed, Melody.—



Chapter 25
We Are One
Melody could not run; she could only jog. When she tried running the flame rustled weakly towards her, threatening to blow out. An insistent onshore breeze had kicked up, one that had her huddling the candle even closer to her person. One puff of that wind and the flame would be extinguished—along with her life.
She could not see where she was going; she was crying too hard. The shadow-thing she saw rising from the charred corpse of her father would haunt her dreams for the rest of her life; the growl from the demon impersonating her scorched dog would never leave the back of her neck.
Tiny hissing sounds. She glanced down through the dazzling curtain of her tears …
Her tears were putting the candle out.
“Nooooo!” she whimpered, pushing it out from her person. She flew around a boulder, not paying attention, and tripped over a rock hidden next to scrub brush, one knee falling straight into ball cactus, the other into the sharp corner of another rock just poking out of the blistering sand. But she had stayed upright somehow; the candle was still alive, though it felt as if her right knee had shattered. Both of her untied trainers flew off her feet from the sudden stop. She sat on her butt, sobbing, pushing the candlestick into the sand and shielding the flame with her left hand while tearing her socks off with her right. Her left knee bulged with tiny sharp needles; her right knee …
She chanced a glance as she stood.
Her right knee was bleeding freely through a long rip in her jeans that exposed a vicious, deep cut, the meat to both sides of it pulled back and raw. But the adrenaline surging hotly through her magically stole the pain away …
—Run, Melody, run!—
Mr. Conor.
She looked back at her home.
Gray smoke billowed from the pink house, rising sluggishly into the bluff- and peak-framed sky. She could hear what sounded like the distant rumblings of a thunderstorm coming from inside it. But—nothing was following her.
She whirled about and galloped bare-footed through the hot sand, scrub, and cacti, unmindful of any sharp needles or thistles from the brush or the hard edges of rocks beneath her feet. The candle flame rustled under her chin, her hand up, cupped around it, close enough to feel its heat wave up into her face. Hot wax dripped on the hand grasping the holder. She didn’t notice it.
The Pier seemed light-years away … but just a couple minutes later she was running up the long wooden walkway for the building at its end, her mind completely focused on the flame in front of her. She tore around the restaurant to the back door, which was still partially open—the steady sea breeze must have closed it—but not enough for her to slip through. She wedged her foot into the dark gap, her eyes focused entirely on the flame, and kicked the door wide.
Blinding white motion; a high-pitched cry—
Out of the blackness and into her face the freed seagull flew, missing her head by scant millimeters. She screamed, flailing and falling backward, her arms impulsively covering her face. She bounced from her butt to her feet instantly, her grip on the candlestick secure. She looked at it—
Her heart stopped.
The candle was missing.
She spotted it immediately. It had flown free from its socket, landing on its round side ten inches from the guardrail, where it rolled towards the edge with mocking haste.
The flame was still alive.
And in that moment of frozen time, before she could even move, could even cry, she watched, horror-struck, as the candle, the flame, and her life jumped one last knot in one last plank, flying off the edge, falling twenty feet to the sea below.
~~*~~
Aedan Conor didn’t bother firing again; his aecxal reserves were mortally low. He could feel it, like an overwhelming sense of fatigue and apathy washing numbly through his entire being. Even the thought of escaping the noxious smoke billowing all around him seemed too much of an effort. He laughed: it sounded like the laugh of a drunken man too inebriated to care what he sounded like. It was a rebellious laugh, full of contempt. He knew soon enough the smoke would be gone. He plopped heavily in a chair in the dining nook and waited, coughing without concern.
Sure enough, within the minute, the smoke and fire started disappearing, as if by magic. A deep chill settled over the room at the same time a bass snarl sounded behind him. Conor didn’t bother turning to look at its source; he didn’t need to. “You’ve seen one of ye hideous sons of bitches, you’ve seen them all,” he growled. The smoke had completely cleared. His breath rose in regular misty puffs in front of him. He was looking at Emperor Necrolius Anaxagorius.
The Black Coffin.
The Emperor of Aquanus was a substantial shadow six feet tall, cloaked and hooded, death incarnate. He floated scant inches off the floor.
Conor laughed again. “Can’t walk like all the other bloody dictators, can ye, Flaglyas? What a miserable bollox ye are. Watch out for that light fixture up there,” he motioned half-heartedly at the ceiling. “Wouldn’t want ye gettin’ a bump on your thick head. I’d bow to ye—but I think I’d rather wipe my arse.” And then he stood, rising from his seat like an ancient man, grasping the seat back for support, a condemned prisoner facing his executioner, unrepentant and proud.
A thin, green, bony finger extended from the monster’s side, pointing as if readying to strike; it hesitated … and then lowered. The Black Coffin laughed: it sounded like a church congregation chuckling at the pastor’s pre-sermon joke. And then that congregation said in unison:
“Here he is, the refugee king, standing before me now, weak, depleted…. My, my, my, how the tables have turned! And it seems you forgot your precious talisman as well—though I daresay the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm might not have helped you here in the Sankyan Wilderness. Now we shall never know. Again, such a pity.” He laughed once more. “I have waited for this moment for many years,” he said, “to claim you and your ‘Apprentice,’ the hopeless hope of the Samanlainen Guardian and the whole world! She came straight into my Dreamcatchers’ awareness, her soul flung from that polluted ball of a planet, cute, dear, sweet little Melody. I just had to have her; it was a gift from the gods, King Conor! I could not have planned this better had I tried.”
The Black Coffin floated slowly towards him.
“Ye cannot harm her,” said Conor, feeling rage even now, spent and fatigued as he was, at the very mention of Melody’s name by this vile unbeing; “and ye know it. Ye sensed it too. It’s protecting her somehow. While the flame lives ye cannot suck onto her, ye pitiful leech.”
The faceless cloaked shadow loomed nigh. Conor, feeling chill waves wash through him, looked up at it without fear.
“Then I shall torture you until she comes back and blows it out,” snarled Necrolius Anaxagorius. “She has the power to Hear, yes? And so she shall Hear you …” He extended that bony finger again, raised it to Conor’s face. Up close it was streaked with black wormy veins that seemed to move and writhe and slither in anticipation just under the green flesh. Conor heard the demon growl behind him, now just inches away, its foul breath beating against his bare neck.
“Ye could use a breath mint back there, Fido,” he said flatly, still glowering upward.
“You will cry out in such anguish,” the hollow multitude continued, “that she will hear you even without her abilities, even at the end of that useless Pier. Your agony will drive her insane ...” That finger was almost touching his face, the air frozen and thick with the stench of death and decay. “She will return, and gladly, with that hateful Teardrop; she will return to spare your life: and then she will blow the flame out as you watch, even if doing so means her own life…. And then I shall destroy her, and you shall watch me do it, King Conor. It will be your worst and final anguish. And then I shall finish you as well. So completely simple. Thus all worlds will be mine, forever; mine to consume.”
The presence of the Emperor of Aquanus at such close proximity was like standing alone in the middle of an ice-cold cemetery in the lonely dead of night.
“Let us test the Apprentice’s Hearing, shall we?” And with that his other arm came up, the long green bony fingers of both hands grasping Aedan Conor’s bearded face. He made no effort to resist, still showed no fear. The black wormy veins writhing impatiently inside Necrolius’ fingers sprouted out, lengthening and digging into his flesh like burrowing centipedes, burning cold, into his nose, forcing their way into his mouth….
He screamed, choking as more freezing tentacles found their way into his windpipe, digging in, sucking the life from him….
“I don’t think she heard you,” said the Black Coffin. But Conor had fallen silent, having been lifted completely off the dining nook’s floor, his arms limp at his sides, his body shaking galvanically. Minutes passed. Tentacles had found his ears … one reached an eye, sought the pupil, dug in …
He screamed again, jerking and twitching in the clutches of his most hated enemy. The tentacles had spread over most of his face. The congregation laughed. “She cannot hear you, mighty King Conor! Louder! Louder!”
But Conor did not scream again; he only twitched and shook for endless seconds as the Black Coffin slowly consumed his life force.
“Yes,” hissed Necrolius. “Yes … You taste so good, Highness. Yes … so good … so vital, so good …”
Another awful, convulsive minute passed. Then: “No … you shall not die yet … not yet. I can see the light leaving your eyes…. Not yet, King Conor, not yet.” And then the congregation said, “Where are my manners? I believe there is someone who wants to say hello, someone you will be reunited with very shortly now….”
And Aedan Conor, though very near death, heard a single voice rise up from beneath the black cloak, one that bubbled sickly to the surface of the multitude: a female voice, begging for life, pleading and coughing and choking, just as he was coughing and choking, a beautiful voice trembling with fear as the cold, decomposing touch of death sucked her being into its own. 
“You’ll have to forgive me; it’s been so long. And I know how much you loved her. I should not be so rude.” 
Conor had not heard that voice for over twenty years. It was a voice he had thought of—had longed for—every day since. It was the very voice of love itself being tortured to death. 
The rage inside him, that last spark of life that refused to scream, that refused to give in, that refused to acknowledge the sub-zero touch that was draining him of existence, flared once more in a paroxysm of supreme hatred: he snorted with his remaining strength and spat into the cowl of the Emperor of Aquanus, a spatter of rich red blood that disappeared into the cavernous blackness.
“You dare—?” roared the multitude, digging ever deeper into his being—and Conor couldn’t hold it back: he screamed one last time, coughing and choking, blood running in bubbling rivulets off his chin. The Black Coffin lifted him higher, sucking even harder at his life force. Then, endless moments later: “Yes … excellent. Corporus,” the emperor called to his demon minion, “cute, sweet, dear little Melody has just lost the flame. It is gone. The Eleysian Teardrop has been extinguished. Can you feel it, King Conor? Earth is mine. All worlds are mine! You can feel it, yes, yes you can. Go to her, Mephastophian; go to her and feast. But … bring me her head. It is a rare treat, consuming a child with such a uniquely powerful life force. A mind so full of silly ideas: silly ideas like puppy love and heroism and saving the world…. I’ll take great pleasure in sucking the fresh gray sponge out of it and adding her voice to the Multitude. Go, Corporus; go and feast well.”
And with that the demon snarled hungrily and bounded out of the house, exploding through the front screen door. Silence once again filled the Singleton home as Conor twitched noiselessly under the consuming, deadly cold grip of his killer.
~~*~~
Luis Arroyo watched, his gut clenching, as his king suddenly twitched violently, as if being electrocuted, then coughed up a fountain of blood which spattered all over his face and Melody lying below him. He twitched wildly, convulsing—and then screamed, a hoarse, gurgling, choking belch of agony. He spasmed and shook over his charge, his grip on Melody lost, the hideous frostbitten blackness covering his face completely now, covering his arms ...
The Healer came to his feet—To hell with the consequences!—caught motion out of the corner of his eye. Motion that somehow stopped him from reaching Conor. He looked. The old woman.
“You are needed here, Dreamcatcher,” she said, shuffling towards him just as fast as she could. “Do not touch the king; he is in the fatal grasp of the Black Coffin. Touch him and you too will die.”
Luis flushed. “I am the one giving orders around here, in case you have not noticed!” And then: “Just what in Ammalinaeus’ good name do you suggest? Look at him! If I continue to do nothing, then he is surely a dead man! He may be dead already!”
The king went abruptly stiff at that exact moment, his already weak, foggy breath halting completely with a dying hiss, like the last air draining from a punctured tire, dissipating into nothingness.
“Damnit!” cursed Luis, stepping towards him. “Damnit!”
“No,” said the ancient Healer; and with that she shuffled directly between him and their king. “I won’t allow it.”
Luis towered over the woman, glaring. “What do you suggest then? Hurry!—he has stopped breathing!”
She looked up at him, her eyes direct and clear. “The Medialma Sacrifen.”
Luis stared blankly down at her, stunned.
“No …” he whispered. “No … I … I FORBID it! I—!”
And then it came to him. The old man was standing directly behind him.
Luis wheeled about. The old fool held a tennis racket high over his head. 
“It has been an honor serving you, Dreamcatcher,” he said—and slammed the racket down in a savage silver arc on Luis’ forehead. He crumpled to his knees, his broken nose spurting blood—
The old man raised the racket one more time and hammered it with all his strength on the back of Luis’ head. He fell face first to the carpeted living-room floor, where he lay motionless.
The Healer released the tennis racket and came to the other side of the king, across from his wife, who watched him steadily. They clasped shaking hands over Conor’s head. Hands that had spent a lifetime caressing and holding each other; hands that in the service of this king had brought new life into the world; hands that had healed countless thousands; hands that had helped console the bereft and the disconsolate; hands that were so familiar to the other that they felt like their own.
A tear streaked down the woman’s face as she stared into the bright eyes of her husband. He squeezed her hands tightly.
“In the light of the Eleysian Teardrop we shall never be parted,” he said with simple assurance.
“I love you, husband.”
“Do not be frightened.”
She smiled. “I am not frightened.”
“You are lovelier now than the day I married you.”
They stared at each other for one more moment; and then they closed their eyes, bowed their heads. Together they quietly started praying in unison over their king.
 They would be dead moments later.
~~*~~
Melody huddled, shaking and crying, in a darkened corner of the Temple Sanctuary Room. She had tried to stuff herself into that corner, where ceiling slanted down to meet the floor, to disappear completely and forever inside the crevicelike blackness there. She sat, lost in shadow, her knees drawn up to her chin, her arms wrapped tightly around her legs. She was crying so hard that there were no longer sobs coming from her, only the silent inner wail of fear, as though there was nothing else in the universe. She hiccupped—she wasn’t breathing properly—and she shook so hard her teeth chattered.
She had slammed the back door of the restaurant closed, but knew as she did that it did not matter…. She had fought with almost herculean strength to raise the stairs after unhooking them from the floor, but the springs that had resisted her efforts to pull them down now seemed just as dead set against letting her raise them up again. The stairs were rusted in place … and so, standing at the top landing, screaming and cursing and crying, she stumbled back, her arms fatigued, her mind white with terror. She spied the hatch; she bent and grabbed it, heaving it over; it closed with a hollow metallic boom … but it did not matter. Nothing mattered now. She was going to die, and she knew it.
She backed up against the far ceiling-wall, to a corner, where she crouched, her eyes doe-wide, her mouth open, the tears falling like rain from her chin.
She knew without the intermediary of reason, knew with the totality of her being, that the evil snarl that was once her dog, that was in reality a … a demon, would be coming for her, would be coming soon—and that a closed door and shut ceiling hatch would make absolutely no difference to it. She had failed her teacher, and he was going to die for that failure. 
He was probably already dead.
She would be next.
She had heard bone-chilling screams—Mr. Conor’s screams—followed by malevolent laughter—the laughter of a sadistic multitude; she had heard them, not with her ears, but with her soul; and the wave of fear that washed over her brought her convulsively forward, her stomach heaving its emptiness to the wood floor beneath her.
There followed a long silence—the soundless touch of death. She was certain the monster she had seen rising from the smoking corpse of her father knew the candle—the Eleysian Teardrop—had been extinguished, and that the way to her life was clear. The hush went on and on, punctuated only by her sniffles and the chatter of her teeth.
Another demonic laugh, followed by a solid thump that reverberated throughout her entire body—
—and she knew that death was coming for her. Was flying through the desert brush. Was tearing ravenously for the Pier.
Another moment of graveyard stillness … Then: something very large and dense had gained the Pier’s walkway, was bounding up it, closer and closer. She could feel it in her soul, beyond sound—the demon came in hungry, wicked anticipation, bounding with a frightful clicking rhythm, claws on wood, louder and louder …
But …
Within Melody’s spirit, right next to that horrible sound … 
… the faintest whisper …
... someone calling to her …
A call that grew louder, repeating itself, urging her up through the black bottomless trench of her fear. 
... a call ... 
... an echo … 
An affirmation.
—We are One.—
Repeating again, growing louder; a resonant, sure declaration spoken with infinite trust, infinite love, infinite friendship.
—We are One.—
A declaration spoken by a voice belonging to a soul Melody cherished more than life itself; a voice that was clear now, clear and beautiful and powerful:
Yaeko Mitsaki.
—We are One.—
Melody whipped her head about, staring into the gloom. “Yaeko? Yaeko! Where are you? Help me—please! Help me!”
—I am here, Melody. I am here with you. Stand up. Hurry.— 
Melody was on her feet in an instant. “I—I can’t see you!” she cried. “I—”
—Listen, Melody. Listen … and breathe.— 
“Help me, Yaeko! Oh God … help me!”
—I am here, Melody. You must listen: listen inside yourself. It is there you will find help. Quickly, Melody. Listen …— 
The rising rhythmic greedy gallop of approaching death pounded relentlessly through her entire body …
“I … I CAN’T! I CAN’T!” she sobbed uncontrollably, covering her head with her arms. “OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD, I’M GOING TO DIE, I’M GOING TO—”
—Listen—and you will survive. Listen, Melody. Go inside yourself. Listen with your heart, with your eyes, with your fingertips, with the balls of your feet. Listen, Melody; listen—and live. Listen—and breathe.—
The rising crescendo of deathly bounding abruptly ceased—
An explosion of breaking glass and splintering wood directly below her. The entire restaurant shuddered. A moment of frozen silence. And then a great, throaty bass howl sounded down there, one that reverberated into the very marrow of her ankles.
Melody suppressed the jumpy electric urge to go into a full panic, to lose all control of her body, her senses. And it was then, right then, as she screwed her streaming eyes closed, as she felt the bile boil up her throat again, that she committed her first true act of heroism.
For with all of her being, with all that made Melody Melody, she dived inside herself, crushing her eyes shut, listening desperately ...
The snarl below her suddenly became much louder. The demon was at the stairs. But it had come at the same exact instant that Melody heard something else as well: 
Yaeko’s violin. 
Just a few terror-bleached notes of it, but they were enough for Melody to instantly recognize it as Melody—the song that harmonized her soul and Yaeko’s into One. With a cry Melody concentrated even harder, balling her fists stiffly at her sides. She focused, listening even deeper within her trembling being. The violin became louder, the melody seeking for its own triumph within her spirit ...
“We are One, Yaeko!” she cried as she dived deeper into herself.
—We are One, Melody.—
The square tower hatch exploded open that very moment, torn completely off its hinges, showering the room with flying splinters of wood and metal.
And what rose slowly through the gaping hole stopped Melody’s heart, and with it, Melody.
It didn’t seem real, the thing rising through the hatch, but seemed to redefine reality itself, more real than real, blacker than night, the chorded, bunched muscles on its huge, grotesque form rippling as it gained the torn landing. With yellow glowing vertical pupils like a cat, the demon snorted contemptuously as it located Melody, turning to face her full-on. The monster stood eight feet tall, with curling, frightful tusks at each side of its head and a four-foot forked tail that ran from the bottom of its ridged back, a tail with a vicious hooked spike at each fork. It wore armor strapped about its midsection—two hundred pounds of brass-colored metal with engraved insignia in its middle—insignia Melody had seen before on the chests of attacking seagulls: a broadsword thrust down through a flaming ring. The beast opened its bullish jowls and grinned, showing five-inch fangs, razor sharp, in a huge blood-red maw. The faintest blue glow fell on it ...
Melody stood frozen in place, knowing it was the end. Her death waited in the poison-coated teeth and the wicked claws and the swishing tail of the heinous beast glaring hungrily at her now.
—Listen, Melody …—
With renewed effort Melody cried, forcing her attention with superhuman effort back inside herself.
The music, feeble as it was, was waiting for her.
And now Yaeko’s voice, calm and determined:
—You must fight, Melody. Fight—and listen. Listen with all that you are….—
As Melody heard that final word, the Mephastophian attacked, rushing at her with inhuman quickness, covering the short distance between them almost before she could react. The massive beast was suddenly on top of her—its rancid breath washed hotly over her face—and slashed viciously across itself for her exposed throat. 
She moved instinctively, clutching to the music inside her as one would clutch the slightest, weakest vine while hanging precariously over a cliff. She had moved—but a hair-breadth too late: her back and shoulder flashed searing pain as the demon’s razor-sharp claws cut through her shirt.
But—somehow—she had escaped from the corner where she had huddled, had escaped the demon’s fatal blow: only the very tips of that strike got her. It had all happened in an odd, almost disconnected slow motion: she could see it plainly in her mind’s eye: the Mephastophian had slashed at her, at her throat, but she had seen it coming with an eyesight she never knew she had, one beyond eyeballs and pupils and optic nerves; the inch-wide instant of time had miraculously stretched a foot wide; she had moved a moment too late, but had moved so swiftly that the beast could not finish her, ducking past its forward assault and under, spinning around and away to face it.
She was only aware of the demon now as an outline, a silhouette, a border of unspeakable hate she need merely avoid. She was gradually losing awareness of her own being, losing awareness of any reality except that shifting border before her and the song in her heart, which seemed, paradoxically, to focus both even more. A lifetime of relentless concentrated effort was heeding the call to battle, was coming to the fore ...
The demon wheeled about in surprise—it had never missed its target before, being one of the emperor’s most trusted and ruthless servants—and spied the girl now behind it, waiting, her knees bent, ready to move. There were odd, hateful lighted rings in her mortal eyes, glowing deeply blue …
It had seen all this in just the barest flicker of time; in that flicker it had slashed at her with its hooked tail. Melody was listening, deeper and deeper inside herself, but still wasn’t fast enough: the tail, like its claws just a moment ago, caught her—but just barely: the five-inch slash that appeared on her cheek bled instantly, but it was only a surface cut, she was still alive ...
Melody could feel the blood soaking into her shirt, could feel it running freely down her cheek …
—Listen, Melody. Our song grows strong inside you …—
The demon howled with frustrated rage—a terrifying, earth-rending roar of inhuman evil—and then rushed her again. But Melody could now somehow feel the rush before it even happened, and, falling ever deeper into Melody, found herself not as swift as the infernal huge freak before her—but even swifter. Time and again the Mephastophian charged her, or slashed at her, or bit at her, slobbering, or whipped its tail into her face, often all at once, moving too fast for human sight—but not for Melody’s sight. She would spin around the demon, or behind it, or under it … the ease of each move grew exponentially as the victory of the song that had lodged itself in her spirit since she was born came to full flower. Time stretched evermore widely for her, each passing second yards wide now, becoming wider, then wider still, like dark curtains pulling open in her spirit to reveal huge, bright, easy spaces within which to move, to avoid the ruthless killer before her.
Inside the triumphant music Melody heard Yaeko’s voice, equally victorious:
—You are the Angel of Rage, Melody! No Demon of Death dares stand against you!— 
The Mephastophian stopped suddenly, as if he had heard Yaeko’s voice as well. It stood, its red maw open, long strings of poisonous saliva running off its chin, its razor claws clicking open and shut spasmodically. Then, incredibly, it spoke, its voice a low, rumbling rasp through two rows of impossibly sharp teeth:
“They should have raped her and broken her once and for all.”
What the demon saw next it did not understand—and would have fled had it done so. For inside those ghostly blue rings in the little girl’s eyes flashed a momentary tinge of red light, sparkling and fearsome. The demon saw her stand up from her ready crouch, lowering her arms, her hands coming to her sides, her bare feet coming together. She stood straight and relaxed, her preparedness lowered, standing still, vulnerable, helpless, staring at it, expressionless, the fear on her face completely gone. 
The human girl had given up.
The Mephastophian saw its chance and, howling with glee, attacked.
In that last instant before grim inevitability, Melody raised her hand and pointed at the demon.
The bolt of aecxal energy that discharged from her fingertip was of such power that the room exploded with light and sound, like a nuclear weapon detonating five feet away. The building shook with a groan; and then most of the slanting ceiling-wall across the room was suddenly simply gone, replaced by a huge, gaping, flaming hole. The streak of energy had continued on, glancing the sea on its way to hazy infinity. A rising wall of live steam wisped angrily into the air out there, as if the ocean had been cleaved by the mighty sunlight-hewn sword of God himself.
The demon had instantaneously moved, surprised and blinded, a blur of huge black spinning out of the way as it rushed her —but not fast enough. It slammed sightless and dazed into the wall behind her. Most of its tail was missing, its face seriously burned. It howled as she turned and calmly, expressionlessly approached it; howled, but not in hate, not with glee, not with hunger and not in victory, but something totally foreign to it: fear. Its own fear.
The blind demon slashed randomly at Melody as she came within range, sensing her overwhelming presence as she once sensed its, a cornered, injured beast flailing fruitlessly. But Melody would simply disappear with each slash, reappearing somewhere else entirely in the next hundredth of a second, an inch closer ... and inch closer ... an inch closer still. The demon lunged at her, the blood from its tail spattering in wild, putrid green patterns on the wall of the Temple Sanctuary Room, now exposed to open daylight.
Melody was now the song inside her, the song beyond her, the song of not one but two distinct and inseparable lives, the song beyond power, the song of a friendship that knew no time, no limits to its joy, no limits to its love. It was a song that blew open the passing moments before her with unconstrained freedom, to run wild through boundless vistas of fascination and wonder. She could roam those vistas at will, miles wide now, and in total safety. She moved faster than fast, a streak of power that had no beginning and no end, empty to the demon’s blind, tiring, futile feints. 
She was inside those huge, wildly swinging arms now: to her the Mephastophian moved at an almost glacial pace, laughably avoidable. It lunged once more for her; and as it drew back for another try, its thick, tuft-covered throat came exposed. She reached up high and grabbed it, sinking her fingers into the rough, bumpy flesh surrounding its iron-hard windpipe.
Corporus the demon’s vertical eyes went wide as Melody felt the power in her being fire from the very center of the world up into her spine, into her shoulders, through her reaching arm like a high-voltage tension line, and out of her gripping fingertips and into the head of the Black Coffin’s killer. A cry uttered from its open mouth—but it wasn’t the cry of hate, but the surprising happy cry of a multitude suddenly set free from their evil captor. The demon gurgled, trying desperately to swallow them back—and then its head exploded in a beam of aecxal light, nova-bright, one that tore a gaping hole in the slanted ceiling above it, swirling back down like an angelic tornado, enveloping the Mephastophian’s powerful body, the voices of the multitude blowing happily around Melody and away. Melody cried, but it wasn’t the cry of pain or anguish, but of victory realized, a proud hawk with prey in its sure grasp. The feeling rushing through her was indescribable; and now it was like she could breathe … forever…. And with a final, vertical burst of brilliance the light that swirled around the Black Coffin’s servant collapsed into her reaching, clawed hand, where it disappeared.
The demon was gone.
She lowered her hand slowly, in hesitant stages, disbelieving all that had just happened, waiting for the dream to end abruptly and the hellish killer to reappear and finish her. The Temple Sanctuary Room was bright with sunlight—the south ceiling-wall was almost completely gone, the smoke and ashes from the scattered flames that still burned at the huge hole’s irregular edges billowing black into the blue sky. Beyond, the steam had flattened over the sea, swirling restlessly in the gentle breezes, a line of hazy white that ran as far as she could see.
A large earthquake suddenly shook the Pier. Melody stumbled to the blackened opening and peered out, past the lazily rising smoke. Her eyes grew wide as saucers.
The entire ocean seemed to be retreating away from the shoreline as she watched, like a vast river moving swiftly downstream, left to right, the languid steam blowing away like the smoke over the snuffed candles on a birthday cake. The sea retreated with a deafening hissing roar, the bottom coming exposed. The water retreated, faster and faster, shaking the entire structure. It was as if something horrible at the edge of the shore had suddenly appeared and scared away … everything.
There was a brief, violent, cold gust of wind—the earthquake ceased—and then … complete silence.
Yaeko’s voice. A voice that now held fear.
—Get off the Pier, Melody. Run to your house. Run NOW!—
A distant rumble was gathering and growing in volume out over the ocean, out of sight. Something that threatened to swallow the entire universe.
—RUN, MELODY!—
Melody tore down the stairs, bursting through the back door of the restaurant. She stopped dead, her breath leaving her lungs in a single huff of mortal awe.
The ocean had retreated a mile out, leaving the sea floor exposed. Out in the opaque mist a green-black wall swelled visibly, higher and higher, hundreds of feet high …
… a wall rushing straight towards her.
With a shout she bolted around the restaurant and down the walkway, her bare feet flying under her. The Pier trembled with the approach of the tsunami, the thunder of the oncoming wave growing in volume by the second, bursting her senses.
—FASTER, MELODY! RUN FASTER!—
Yaeko’s voice was at the edge of panic. She bolted past the lifeguard tower halfway down the walkway, adding speed upon speed—
—A horrifying crashing noise right behind her— 
The tsunami had swallowed the restaurant and the Temple Sanctuary Room she was just in moments ago, plucking them up into its rising, curving swell like useless toys. The Pier cracked and groaned as it lifted like twigs yanked from the sea floor. The great wave’s deathly shadow swept over her … the wave thundered behind her, it was overtaking her … 
—I’m not going to make it! It’s useless! I’m going to die! I can’t escape it!—
At the foot of the Pier itself, a malevolent twisting black tornado descended from out of the blue sky, touching down and dissipating. And there stood the horrible shadow-thing, fully formed, the one she’d seen rising out of the burned body of her father.
Waiting patiently for her.
It was then that she committed her second act of heroism.
Instead of stopping, instead of quitting, instead of resigning to her fate, Melody dived back inside her being, to the music—and to Yaeko. She shouted as Melody filled her spirit; she redoubled her speed—
—The shadow-thing backed up two feet, opened its arms widely—
And then, with the song of her life bursting forth within her, with the black wave curling over her, with her legs carrying her as fast as she could possibly go and no faster, with her feet a blur beneath her—
She tripped.
She flew forward, out of control, falling helplessly towards the knotted planks of the walkway. She threw her arms in front of her—
But—
She wasn’t falling. 
—The walkway’s planks were zooming effortlessly just inches beneath her—
—She whipped her head left, right—
She—had wings! She had WINGS! Great feathered wings of angel-white and rust-red, wings trailing bright streamers of brilliant sparkling white smoke as though she had just burst out of a nebula.
She—was a bird! A BIRD!
Yaeko was beside herself with joy.
—HA-HAAAAAAA! BANZAI, MELODY, BANZAIIIII!—



The titanic wave was upon her, was closing her inside its enormous, revolving, swirling pipeline, killing the light and sucking the doomed Pier up into itself and over her very head. Melody’s change had somehow granted huge momentum to her: it felt like twin rocket-fuel boosters inside her being, ready to use at her urging. She engaged them: they felt like afterburners igniting behind her, the sudden rush of supercharged speed tingling the tips of her new wings. She pushed those wings back like a fighter jet and streaked skyward at the very last instant left to her, as though she’d always known how to fly; she burst through the falling, reaching white fingers of tsunami death with a triumphant cry and into the spacious sky just as the shadow-thing, now a tiny black ant beneath her, reached up in the last millisecond before the wave swallowed it and fired twin bolts of angry red lightning at her from its outstretched skeletal-green hands. But Melody’s eyesight was far better than human now; she had spied the shadow’s movements, had expertly rolled to avoid the lightning, the bolts lacing harmlessly past her and into the monster wave.
The tsunami broke, crashing down upon the evil shadow and, a moment later, on her house as she watched, her heart sinking. The wave was so tall that the swirling, foaming water was just beneath her, just a few feet under her beating wings.
Mr. Conor—!
But now the vast desert and the icy Somgargathas and the distant Sister and the turquoise sky seemed to be dissolving, melting away, pulling her into an ethereal atmospheric whirlpool that invited her into peaceful unconsciousness. Melody could not resist its pull. And as she fell into it, as the music sounded gloriously within her, with a heavy, worried spirit she thought one more time:
—We are One, Yaeko.—
And heard back:
—We are One, Melody. You made it! We made it!—
—Mr. Conor, Yaeko ...—
—Have faith, Melody, that he is okay. For now, let’s rest. We need rest ...—
—Let’s go home, Yaeko.—



Part V
~the legend of the red talon~



Prologue v
When life is victorious, there is birth; when it is thwarted, there is death. A warrior is always engaged in a life-and-death struggle for Peace.
--Morihei Ueshiba
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
--Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Maggie Singleton walked along the dirt road that hugged the eastern border of the Tijuana Estuary. She strode forward easily, her gait loose and free, her gaze wandering over the flora and fauna of the low salt marsh. She listened to the roaring Pacific surf, which was just beyond a long line of beach dunes half a mile to her right; she watched the seagulls and sandpipers and great egrets as they busied themselves with the morning; she felt the sleepy whisper of a breeze, untussled by the day’s heat still hours away. She had rarely seen a more beautiful, vibrant, prismatic morning.
The sun was just a few degrees above the horizon and still partly behind puffy low clouds that hung like cotton balls over the barren, brownish-gray mountains that lay between San Diego and the vast deserts beyond. The brilliant yellow quarter-circle cast long, wide rays, like heavenly highways, softening the sky into a painting … but no: one could not paint such simple beauty, so alive was it, she thought. Many have tried; only a few have ever come close. But no one has actually captured it. The light spread uniformly over the estuary, almost dimly, bringing the thousands of subtle hues of green and brown and the occasional wild splash of yellow or purple or white to a state where they seemed to glow from within, as if trying to make up for the deficiency from above. Maggie took in the panorama with a deep breath of fresh salt air and wished she would not have to die.
A hazy, thin line of yellow-orange light caught her attention, rising well beyond the barrio-dotted bluffs of Tijuana a few miles to the south. It was like looking at a forest fire on the distant horizon. The line seemed to traverse the sea itself, reaching well out over the water. She searched for signs of billowing smoke, but found none. Odd. What could be making that light?
After a long time looking at it, she shrugged and continued on her way.
The road she walked on was used by the estuary’s rangers and frequented by many seeking the solitude of a quiet hike away from zooming cars and choking fumes. Many biked to its end at the mouth of the Tijuana River; many others came armed with binoculars and cameras, as the Tijuana Estuary was full of thousands of species of birds and insects and reptiles, many endangered. She remembered seeing a red-tailed hawk winging low over the scrub in search of easy prey here last summer—and being chased away in short order by half a dozen angry crows. A mother’s urge to protect her young was very powerful, she thought. She remembered her admiration for the crows’ courage, her smile fading somewhat. Something in that thought disturbed her, but she couldn’t pinpoint why. She brought her attention back to the dirt road, and that’s when she saw him.
He stood just under the leafy canopy of two small cottonwood trees that arced over the road at the point where it narrowed considerably into a double-rutted trail, perhaps a hundred yards away. He watched her steadily as she approached, leaning on a fine wooden cane. He wore a blue French Basque beret cap and had the sculpted face of a Spanish patriarch, his large, dark eyes alive and playful. His clothing, from the gray zip-neck pullover to the blue denim trousers, was worn impeccably but loosely; and as she came close his face broadened into a welcoming smile.
“Buenos dias, Senora,” he bowed. “I saw you as you walked and thought I might join you. You seem to be at such peace, so happy. Would it be too much of an imposition for an old man to accompany you for a while?”
His accent wasn’t Mexican, but the most refined Castilian Spanish she had ever heard. And despite having never met him before, she found herself smiling and nodding wordlessly, somehow already comfortable in his presence.
“Excellent,” he said. “Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Luis Arroyo.”
“Maggie Singleton,” she responded with a smile, extending her hand.
The Spanish gentleman took her hand in his, grasping it gently. His hand was warm, the skin of his palm like fine, worn leather.
“Please forgive my forward manner, Senora. I fear I have never been all that graceful.”
“Maggie. Call me Maggie,” she said.
“Maggie.” Luis held her hand a second longer, as if savoring the feel of her skin against his, and then released it. “Shall we?” he asked, sweeping his hand towards the path. He tipped his cane up a few inches with a flourish, grasping the ornately carved lion’s head handle.
“Yes, let’s,” said Maggie, slightly taken aback with her new walking partner’s demeanor. And with that they passed underneath the dappled cottonwood archway, continuing on the sunlit trail.
They had gone forward an awkward, quiet minute when Luis Arroyo said, “Maggie …”
“Yes?”
“Short for Margaret, yes?”
“That’s what my mother always yelled when I got in trouble,” said Maggie. “I always knew it was serious when she used my full name: ‘Margaret Rae Cobb, you get in here right now …’ ”
Luis chuckled. “It is a beautiful name: Maggie, Margaret … Margarita…. Would you mind if I call you Margarita?”
“Like the drink?”
“And just as intoxicating, I’m sure.”
He noticed her sideways smile, and then spoke:
“Margarita:
‘No quiero ver, amor, en la luna florida
de tu frente cruzar el odio que me acecha.
No quiero que en tu sueno deje el rencor ajeno
olvidada su inútil corona de cuchillos.’ ”
Maggie listened, her smile softening. She said, “I know it:
‘Under a flower moon, beloved, may I never
see the odium of others lining your forehead,
remote or forgotten rancors ravage your sleep
with their useless crown of knives: I do not wish to see it.’ ”
Luis’ eyes lit up. “You know Spanish! That was beautiful coming from you!”
“I have traveled widely. A long time ago I could not be held down. Funny how time and a child anchor you….”
“Do you like Pablo Neruda?”
“I do. I also like the way you say my name: Margarita. It sounds so beautiful—coming from you, Senor Arroyo.”
Luis grinned, looking down at the rutted trail before him. “I am supposed to be the charmer here, not you,” he admonished lightly. Then he said: “Maggie, Margaret, Margarita: it does not matter the form or the language, this is your true name. It is the name your soul accepted when you were born.”
“That, too, is beautiful, Luis. It’s a beautiful belief.”
Luis Arroyo said nothing. They walked on in silence for several minutes before Maggie said, “Sometimes I think the soul doesn’t have to accept a name.”
“My dear?”
“I was thinking of my daughter Melody. I think there was no acceptance involved at all—at least, not at her end. It was her name, she chose it, and Rich and I were simply to make due. We had to accept. We didn’t even have a discussion over names. Not one. It was just … understood between us. I don’t even remember the first time we used it, I just remember …”
She stopped walking. Her face drained of color and expression as the implications of the melody breezing through her memory now came crashing back down on her. She wasn’t sure how long she stood there like that, but when she glanced at Luis, his face wasn’t lined with concern or puzzlement—but understanding. Somehow he knew.
“I was hurt …” she said without hearing herself. “I … the Pier … the reality beyond … Melody … the seagulls … the Guards … Aedan ...”
She whispered each, each quieter than the one before.
She held his stare a long time. “How … how can I be here, in the estuary? I was … hurt. I remember. I remember the pain—burned. I was badly burned … Melody….”
She held up her bare arms, examining them closely. They were untouched by injury. She fingered her face. It too was unharmed.
“Am I … am I dreaming this? Are you real? Am I … am I ... dead?”
Luis gently grasped her hands in his. “You are not dreaming, Margarita. Not in the sense that you are accustomed to thinking about that state. And you are certainly not dead. And I am quite real. Do you believe this?”
She studied his face for a long time. She could feel his hands ... just like fine leather they were, worn and comfortable and warm ... she could feel the morning breezes on her cheeks, could hear the surf, could even smell something resembling lilacs wafting sweetly through the moisture-rich sea air.
“I’m … I’m d-dreaming this?”
“Yes, Margarita—and no. Oh, I suppose we could be unimaginative and say, for example, that you are in fact in your bed at home, and that I am seated beside you, holding your hand. And how unimaginative and coldly empirical it would be, however true.” Luis Arroyo looked up and around, smiling wondrously, and then brought his gaze back to hers. “Or we could recognize such truth as merely superficial information, and therefore of not much importance or value. Of far greater import is the fact that right now we are taking a walk—in your soul.”
“In my—my s-soul?” Maggie was shaking now.
“And what a beautiful soul it is, Margarita. Do not be frightened. I am a Dreamcatcher, a special kind of Healer. I am here to help you heal from all you just pictured a moment ago. Can you accept this?”
“We’re walking … inside—inside my ... soul?”
“Is it so hard to accept? Gaians know so little about the human soul! They know so little about it that they deny its existence! Your soul is strong, Margarita, and spacious, and so very beautiful. Look around! This is you! All of it—and much, much more beyond those horizons! Go on! Look!”
After a long time, Maggie tore her eyes from his. Luis held her hands firmly, as if to steady her, a child standing at the very edge of a sheer cliff and peering over. She glanced slowly around herself. She heard him whisper, “I can feel it—your acceptance. You know that I am not lying to you…. Now: can you accept your acceptance?”
“I …” she continued gazing about. “I … don’t know….”
He whispered:
“ ‘Small worlds are set spinning
on the edge of the dream
with the wind of grief
and a rush toward memory.’ ”
She brought her gaze to his. His smile was gone.
“You feel grief?”
He tightened his grip even more. “I meant you, Margarita.”
She stared into his eyes. “No, you did not.”
His smile returned very slowly. His eyes had darkened with sadness.
“No. You are right. I did not. You felt it.”
“Yes, but I … I don’t know how I did … I just—”
“I am walking with you in your soul, Margarita. Simply to be accepted here I had to present to this Landscape of You my true self. Such an act shall serve as your insurance policy. I cannot lie to you, Margarita. If I do the lie will be immediately known by your soul—by you.” He brought her hands together and then patted them. “You will feel it, just as you did. There is another insurance policy, so to speak, which you will become aware of later. But for now—” his dark, sad eyes seemed infinitely deep, two vessels filled with the glassy, serene seas of wisdom and compassion—“shall we continue walking?”
But Maggie didn’t move, nor did she smile in return. “It’s your grief,” she said. “That’s the other one, isn’t it, the other policy? I’ll know you’re not lying—by your grief.”
Luis said nothing; for a brief moment she thought she detected surprise in him. Then he chuckled without mirth. “Every time I think I have been suitably impressed with the king, that I can be impressed no more, he goes and gives me the lie again.”
“The king—you mean Aedan?”
“One and the same, yes.”
“He impresses you? How?”
“I know how very highly he respects you, Margarita. I am his personal Healer. I would know.”
“And this impresses you?”
“No. What continually impresses me about him is how he seems to find the very best, the very finest, people. He is like a powerful magnet. I would lay my life down for those who serve him, and for those who call him friend—and for him of course. I should not have expected anything less with you. You, Margarita—” he took a long look around—“you may be one of the finest of the finest, if what I see around me is any indicator. Yes, my dear, you are right: my grief will be your second insurance policy. You will learn how it serves in that capacity later—unless, of course, you have managed to sort that out already as well?”
The playful smile had returned. The sadness in his eyes was gone.
“No … I haven’t.”
He winked. “Then let us walk, shall we?”
And with that they continued on their way along the double-rutted trail. They walked for many minutes in complete silence. Maggie couldn’t help but stare around her, taking it all in. This … was her soul? She was walking … inside her soul? How was this any different than dreaming, than some fanciful whim of imagination?
She stopped and reached out and brushed her fingers against a wide, lavish, blue-and-white flower blooming at the end of a tall green stalk at the edge of pine scrub. A bee inside the flower floated upward out of it; the flower’s petals felt silky and dreamily insubstantial—but still very real. Luis watched her patiently, saying nothing. She touched her face again, reexamined her arms. She peered back at the rising sun, now completely above the puffy clouds and warming her shoulders and cheeks.
After a time, and quite blankly, she walked on, Luis beside her.
At the bank of the Tijuana River the trail turned sharply towards the ocean, widening back into a well-graded gravel road. They made their way along it, their footfalls crunching quietly in the gravel. Maggie, having come back to herself, noticed that Luis walked slightly stooped but with a quiet, simple dignity. He was a man who wore his age quite well, like his clothing, and as effortless as the easy swing of his cane. He had no problem keeping up with her.
In the distance was a black sedan of some sort. It was off the road and just feet from the river itself, partially hidden by high scrub. A few minutes later she noticed the white front doors, and then the shattered emergency light on top of it, the other one missing completely. A sheriff’s car.
A heavily damaged sheriff’s car. She stepped off the road to take a closer look. All four of the cruiser’s doors were wide open. One door—one of the back doors—had been ripped completely off its hinges and lay in brush a couple of yards away. The sedan was dented and smashed, its front hood crumpled up like aluminum foil. In fact, much of the hood was actually missing, she noted, shredded away by some unknown and violent force, the front windshield cracked and pockmarked, as if the cruiser had been through a thunderstorm of boulders. All its tires were flat.
She turned and gazed wryly at Luis Arroyo.
“This is part of my soul? This?” she said, thrusting her finger backward, pointing at it.
He grinned. “It is, Margarita, though I must confess I do not know why. It must have some importance, either direct or indirect, to your life somehow. Otherwise it would not be here.”
She stared at the car for a moment longer, and then asked without looking at her walking companion: “Did Aedan send you, Luis?”
His reply was ominously quiet. “No, Margarita.”
She instantly sensed great pain in him. She regained the road and looked into his eyes.
“What’s wrong? What’s wrong with Aedan? I could … feel it in you. Something has happened. What’s happened to him?”
He stared back, unblinking. Finally, he said, “I am sorry, Margarita. The king is dead.”
Maggie felt the revelation crash down upon her like an anvil. She covered her mouth with her hands. “No,” she whispered. “How—?”
But Luis simply stared. After a long time he said, “Your daughter Melody was in great danger. He went to save her. She’s fine—” he grabbed her shaking hands, noting the instant panic in her eyes—“you feel it; you know it; she’s resting comfortably with the Young Master, Yaeko, they are together—you feel it, Margarita, you know it. But what injured her injured you as well. Can you feel the truth that you are not yet ready to return to see her, that it is absolutely essential that you heal first?”
She felt the truth of all of it. It was a sensation of tonal certainty, almost like a pure bell sounding with each statement, each word, each syllable, a bell which sounded throughout her and told her without any doubts whatsoever. But—
“... Aedan …”
“All is not lost yet, Margarita,” he said firmly, as if to assure himself of the truth of his statement. She could feel the intense doubt within him. “Not yet. He was surrounded by many very talented Healers under my charge when I came to you. We have ways of saving those who have died, of bringing them back, provided certain conditions have been met first ...”
“And did he meet those conditions?”she asked urgently.
But before he could even respond, she could feel his answer. Her eyes welled up with tears.
“No,” she whispered, “no …”
Luis’ grasp tightened to the point of pain, the fine lion’s head cane resting against his hip. “Were it any other man, I would say those tears are warranted, Margarita. But I assure you—this is not any other man. This is Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus the First we are talking about. You have no idea what kind of spirit that man possesses. If anyone can come back from what he has been through, it is he.”
But the tears spilled out of her eyes anyway, blinding her. “Oh, Luis, I’m the one at fault here, I know it. I lost my mind, I tried to hurt him, I didn’t want to understand what he was trying to tell me, what Yaeko was … what Melody ...” She wept openly, the tears streaking down her face.
Luis released his grip a bit; he gently stroked her wrists and waited.
“If he dies—” she sniffled heavily—“if he dies … I mean … I—I don’t know how I’ll be able to live with myself. I … oh God ...” But she couldn’t continue. She cried for a long time.
When she finally grasped the reins of her anguish, she heard Luis say, “Healing must come from within, Margarita, from you yourself. You have already taken the first steps, right here. I would like to help you take the rest. Are you interested?”
After a time, she nodded. Luis handed her a fine linen handkerchief, and she blew into it, composing herself. “What do I need to do?” she asked, her eyes puffy and red.
“I noticed a trail a few hundred feet back, one that goes back north. There is a bench next to a lovely lagoon a short hike up. Would you like to go and sit and let me explain?”
Maggie nodded again, and fifteen minutes later they were sitting on the bench, watching a pair of great egrets step lightly about the shimmering shallow waters at their feet, the yellow sunlight making their white plumage almost glow.
“Are … are they alive, Luis? Are they real, too?” Her face felt tight from grief and the dried trails of tears down her cheeks. She had cried on and off again all the way here.
“They are, Margarita. They are part of you—you must take particular pleasure in them for them to be here—and yet they are also part of the larger Consciousness of the Universe. The Soul of All, if you will. But we can discuss such beautiful mysteries later. For now, I would like to tell you a story. Would you like that?”
“I …” And then she noticed the hazy, thin line of yellow-orange light past his head. She asked, “What is that light? It’s important, isn’t it? It has something to do with me, doesn’t it? It has something to do with what happened …”
Luis laughed gently. “Everything here has something to do with you! Even the people living in those barrios, even the billions of people you cannot see and have never met past these horizons of yours; all are part of you. The light ...” He glanced over his shoulder at it. “The light is from a great and terrible conflagration. It is in fact why I am here, yes. I am merely the fireman called to put it out.”
“What does that make me then?” she asked.
He patted her knee, his eyes glittering. “Why, you are the water, Margarita.”
“I don’t see smoke above it. Are we in danger?”
“Not while I am here, no.”
“What do you need to explain to me?”
“Your soul has been seriously injured, Margarita. Like I said, I am a Dreamcatcher, a special Healer. I can help you heal and recover.”
He peered deeply into her eyes.
“The human soul is an amazing, amazing thing, my friend, ultimately unfathomable, ultimately unknowable. But what is known is that the human consciousness leaves a track, a trace if you will, on the very fabric of space and time. A skilled enough Healer, like a skilled tracker, like a skilled hunter, can retrace the footsteps that consciousness—that soul—has taken. He can see, can relive if he likes, that person’s entire life—or just small parts of it. And a really skilled Dreamcatcher—” he winked—“can even access the Localized Intersecting Manifestations of the Universal Consciousness as well. He can ‘ride the tide,’ if you will, of the intersections of many consciousnesses and take a third-person view, free of any particular soul. Follow?”
Maggie said, “I … I think so. Like watching a movie—except it all really happened. Is that right?”
“That’s very well put!” he said, smiling widely. “And that particular analogy will serve especially well for my work with you now, because I would like to tell you a story. It is a grand story of war and courage, of anger and agony, of love and joy, of stunning victory and bitter, tragic defeat. And it all happened, and you shall experience it firsthand, as if you were really there, which, in a very significant way, you will be. Do you think you can handle that, Margarita?”
“Will I feel it?”
“You will,” said Luis. “You will smell it, you will taste it, you will touch it, you will hear it. It can be quite unnerving, not least because you will not be able to see your own body while in another spirit. Indeed, you will for a short time inhabit the souls of others—walk the very steps those souls took during the time under examination.” He patted her knee sadly. “Many of those you will see in your journey are dead now. But the traces of their spirits will stay with the universe for all eternity. It is our unique and indestructible contribution to All That Is. And the greater the spirit, the deeper and wider is its trace, its track. There are some very great souls you will become part of, Margarita. Souls as deep and wide as the Grand Canyon, as powerful as the Amazon River. You will feel these souls; you will sense their power, their—for a lack of a better word—integrity.”
He studied her face again, then took a quick glance back over his shoulder at the line of yellow-orange light over the Tijuana Bluffs. He gazed back. “As I said, this process can be quite unnerving. You will be, in every sense of the word, really there. And I will be with you, so you know you are safe. Okay?”
Maggie nodded nervously. “Telling me a story will help me heal?” she sniffled.
“I am actually hoping it does more than that, Margarita,” he nodded, ‘both for you and for me.”
“Will telling a story put down a ‘great and terrible conflagration’?”
“Stories are how we live life,” he said, taking his French Basque beret cap off and setting it atop his cane, which he had leaned against the bench. His thin silver hair shone like the estuary’s flowers. “Think of it! Our daily reality is really nothing more than a story—our story—and how we choose to play our own part in it. Stories wage wars and seal the peace; they bring lovers’ lips together and send the dizzy spinning away into the night from the perfume left on his hand after his sweet time with her. Should it surprise you then that they can heal—or harm?”
Maggie sighed, smiled falteringly. “Aedan is lucky to have you, L—”
Her smile vanished and the tears glistened once again in her eyes. Just the mention of his name felt like a sharp uppercut to her solar plexus.
“I mean …”
A tear spilled down her cheek.
“Let us stay with the tense you just used, shall we? It is so much more hopeful.”
She nodded, fighting back the pain pressing upward against her lungs.
“I want you to close your eyes, Margarita.” 
Maggie did as told, feeling a rush of fear and uncertainty over what was about to happen. She heard him say, “Very good, very good. Now … relax. We will be here for a while; if you get uncomfortable, tell me and we can take a break. I am going to touch your face—” his warm fingertips gently touched her cheek—“and I shall be holding your hand, like so. You may experience a sense of falling or flying as you go from soul to soul and place to place. Sometimes it can be quite intense, even unpleasant. If it or your form’s invisibility become too much so, please tell me, okay?”
She nodded, her eyes closed. Her heart pounded in her chest, the rising morning sun (of her soul!—she couldn’t get over that) making the insides of her eyelids blood red. She could feel the track of the tear down her cheek cooling in the brine-scented morning air.
She heard Luis intone proudly, “The courageous shall ride without fear on the back of the great dragon mother Satelemark; and may the light of the Eleysian Teardrop protect us against all evil.”
He took a deep, deep breath, as if readying himself, and then added with a touch of pride: “I shall call my tale ‘The Legend of the Red Talon.’ Are you ready, Margarita?”
Maggie swallowed hard; and then, quietly, tremblingly, she said, “Ready.”



Chapter 26
The Last King of Vanerrincourt
Maggie suddenly felt as though she were blind and floating in a rapidly moving whirlpool. She no longer felt the bench or Luis’ fingers on her cheek or her drying tear; it was just as though she had been thrown into a vast, swirling body of water, warm and unfathomably deep. But the whirlpool was spinning faster, ever faster, and now she was falling … free falling—
She coughed out a loud “Whoop!” and felt her tummy roll over, her inner ear telling her she was still spinning. She went to cry Luis’ name immediately—this wasn’t uncomfortable, this was desperately frightening, an endless, sightless carnival ride hell-bent for tragedy—when in her mind she heard his voice, calm, reassuring:
“Almost there, Margarita … Hold on, just a few more seconds….”
—And now it felt like she was speeding up … She whimpered against her every effort not to, but it came out anyway. In the back of her mind she wondered if she was going to throw up….
But now she was decelerating, slowing—she could feel it in the pit of her stomach and in the small of her back. Her weight was coming back, doubling, doubling again, settling, resting … a long moment of motionlessness, of complete silence … and now there was light, very weak, as though she were approaching the mouth of a cave, growing steadily, growing slowly, unfocused…. She came to the abrupt realization that she was standing, not sitting … There was a very pleasant smell in the air, not sea salt or the wafting odor of lilacs, but the mixed smells of leather and horses and something baking, something sweet and delicious … The smells of a city: people—lots of people—and smoke, but not the smoke of cars, of industry, but a more honest, homey, earthy smoke … and yes, there was the sea salt, but it was a degree or two out of true, alien, not the familiar sweet-salty brine of the Pacific Ocean. 
There was the mingling odors of pine and wildflowers, yes—not lilacs—a bittersweet lilt to the cool air, which she could feel teasing the hair of her arms, the back of her neck…. The growing light, which came towards her as an indistinct blob of brightness, suddenly surrounded her, enveloping her, growing in intensity…. There were noises now, the steady sound of falling water … people talking, people walking past her, someone voicing what sounded like a greeting in a foreign language—she felt a hard slap on her back— … The light was firming up, was splitting into colors and shapes, like focusing a telescope or a pair of binoculars, the scene resolving, sharpening ...
She was in the middle of a tremendous city square.
She gasped, looking around—
“Welcome, Margarita, to the great capital city of Quadris Empiricus,” came Luis’ voice in her mind. “ ‘Quadris Empiricus’ means ‘The Four Empresses,’ though most people simply call it by its first name, Quadris. Quadris is the capital city of Vanerrincourt, the kingdom at the very center of Aquanus, the realm you recently visited with your daughter and Yaeko Mitsaki. You are tracking my soul at the moment. This is the city as seen almost twenty-five years ago, Earth-time. This was my home. Go on, Margarita, take a look around …”
The first thing Maggie noticed was the first thing she had to notice. It rose well beyond the beautiful fountain just in front of her, and beyond the very interesting, ornate, Romanesque buildings in the immediate foreground, surrounding the square; it rose silver-green into the sky, rising and rising, thrusting through puffy white clouds, triangulating to infinity itself …
The spire seemed on top of her, so close was it.
She spun about, breathless. Another spire greeted her, reaching over a very pleasant, green, leafy park populated with hillside villas. Behind her was another, skying over long, thin streets lined with double-storied stone structures and crowded with people and horses and carriages; well past these were the riggings of large ships. There was a fourth spire, partially hidden by clouds and standing over a magnificent columned edifice, seen after another quarter turn on her heels.
“The Four Empresses—the four Sisters rising over Quadris: each is just over thirty-five miles from the city center, which you are not far from. Two stand over Ae Infinitus, the very Pier you walked on with the king; the other two, including the one you are looking at now, soar over the north-south Pier known as the Eternitam.”
Maggie whispered, “Holy Jesus …”
Luis’ laughter was genuine. “The Empresses rise almost sixty-six miles into the sky. They are very impressive, yes. The city of Quadris, standing in the center of these Sisters, is cast in shadow most of the day. It sometimes feels like being at the bottom of a well, leading the more vulgar of Vanerrincourtians, or the more envious Aquanians not from here, to label the city Lavatum Deiae, or ‘Lavatus’—‘God’s Toilet.’ But as you can see, the capital city is quite beautiful, despite what its few detractors may think.”
Maggie was taking it all in, feeling the cool air lift her hair and buffet her cheeks. The city was indeed cast in shadow, but not darkly so: the effect was less oppressive than it was alien. Everything was dyed with a pale blue mountainy tint, not at all unpleasant. She turned to watch children splashing about in the fountain, and groups of adults in conversation next to it. Their clothing was colorful but not ostentatious, a mix of modern with Renaissance with the robed flow and sweep of Roman nobility. Many did in fact wear robes; most of the passing men had beards. Some were soldiers dressed in blue and green uniforms and armed with broadswords. The uniforms caught her attention. They looked vaguely familiar … But—
“Luis,” she asked, turning to gawk upward at one of the Four Empresses again, “what are the spires—the Sisters—for? Did the Vanerrincourtians build them? Why make something sixty-six miles tall? Are they markers, signposts? What are they?”
“I can answer that question, Margarita, but only from a philosophical or religious standpoint. No, we did not erect them—and you would have trouble believing anything I told you about them at this point. The Sisters are all along both Great Piers, ten across Aquanus on each, spaced evenly, a little over a thousand miles apart from each other—with the exception of, course, of the Empresses. My goodness!—” Luis laughed again—“A sizeable percentage of Aquanians themselves refuse to accept the legends and stories! May I beg your indulgence for a little while longer?”
“Of—of course … They’re so beautiful—and scary….”
“They are. And so are the legends behind them. Let us be going …”
The scene dissolved into blackness. Just before it did Maggie made the startling realization that she had been standing ... in someone’s body. (Was it Luis’?) She went to say something, now floating again in deep, serene water, but he interrupted her:
“At its height, which was just about twenty-five years ago, the capital city of Quadris Empiricus was home to over half a million citizens, one of the largest cities on Aquanus, full of life, a nexus of learning and trade. Ships from every Quarternia, from lands and kingdoms all over Aquanus, docked in our ports every day.”
A pause.
“This … is Quadris Empiricus today—”
It wasn’t a long fall this time, but a simple drop, like leaping off a small stone wall. The scene resolved around her immediately. Maggie suppressed the instant urge to scream.
She was staring straight into a thin, sallow face contorted by rage. The face belonged to a tall man who wore thick brass-colored armor with insignia on it—a broadsword thrust down through a flaming ring—
It was the symbol Melody had seen on the seagulls—the seagulls that attacked Aedan!
The man was viciously whipping a naked woman. She was chained face-first to a pile of gray, blood-stained rubble, what Maggie recognized immediately as the broken remains of the fountain she had just seen children playing in moments ago. The woman screamed with each lash. There was a long line of naked people waiting their turn just next to a perimeter of other armored men. They shivered soundlessly in the blue shadow of the Four Empresses, now utterly malevolent. Another lash—Maggie’s skin crawled—the woman’s shrieks were heartrending—
Before Maggie could call for Luis to take her away from this awful scene, it dissolved. She found herself standing on a hill overlooking the city. A city completely decimated, as though it had been hit by an endless squadron of bombers. Piles of white rubble stood where grand buildings once did; the green of the hillside was gone, replaced by barren gray-brown dirt, hard and cracked and lifeless, with patches of oily black here and there. The air was heavy with a sickly dreary haze quite unlike fog, occluding the Empresses beyond, and smelled thickly of burning garbage and rotting fish. It was cold, too. It came in random waves of chills which swept through her spirit, making her want to clutch herself for warmth. She could just hear the distant cry of a child.
Luis: “It was very, very difficult coming by these viewpoints, Margarita. I gathered them many years ago, just after the invasion, at the king’s request. I have not been able to come back to see what has happened since. Still, I thought you should see them. Even today they break my heart….”
“Luis, my God … what happened?”
Luis took a deep breath. “The whole of Aquanus was attacked by and succumbed to a vile ruler known as Necrolius Anaxagorius, the Black Coffin. He was the emperor of a vast southern nation—a great polluted wasteland, really—and its many satellite island-states collectively known as the Gyss. Twenty-two years ago he invaded and destroyed Vanerrincourt. What you see before you is his handiwork.”
“Did … did no one see it coming? Was there a war?”
“Yes, on both counts.” The scene held for a few more seconds, then dissolved back into calm, floating blackness.
In the womblike dark, which felt less and less alien and more and more comforting, even welcome, she heard him say: “For many months the king of Vanerrincourt—not Conor Kieran—had been having horrible visions, horrible nightmares. He would wake with drenching nightsweats, screaming, complaining of chilling, biting cold. I was his Healer. The king’s soul was slowly disintegrating, was being destroyed—and there was nothing I could do to stop it. What he was seeing in those dreams I could not access. It was as though something was consuming his spirit, his life-force, little by little. His illness was a total mystery to me, something I had never encountered before. Finally, in the interests of the people, he decided to step down from the throne. Tellingly, when he did the nightsweats and the mysterious disease process eating his spirit ceased entirely. He began to improve, though very slowly. But, strangely, he began having new visions, different ones, even more frightening than the ones before. These were premonitions.
“The monarchy of Vanerrincourt is an enlightened one, Margarita. The king’s—or queen’s—or, in the case of a married couple, the cupidicy’s—power is checked somewhat by two governing bodies, the Seminarium and the People. A king’s decision to step down is followed by a waiting period while both the Seminarium and the People decide whether to choose another monarch or to allow the king to select his heir. In the event of death, the eldest declared heir assumes the throne until the decision is made whether to officially crown him or her, or any younger sibling, or to choose a new monarch from among the People. In the rare case of a king stepping down, history bears out that most times the selection of an heir is preferred; it has not been often that both the Seminarium and the People have risen and taken that privilege away from a reigning monarch. But in this case it seemed inevitable that just such an event was going to take place. Meanwhile, the king’s premonitions were increasing in both frequency and intensity.”
Maggie floated in peaceful blackness. “Why was it inevitable? Was the king unpopular?”
“No, Margarita. The king—his proper name was V. Chaundran Exeter Innocent III—was quite popular. He held a particularly acrimonious relationship with the Seminarium, one he relished, a relationship which over time—and by time I am talking about over forty Aquanian years—only endeared him to the People even more. The problem was his family. Allow me to explain.”
Maggie floated in darkness and waited.
“The king’s son and daughter both officially renounced the crown shortly after they came of age. They had no interest in the politics and endless scheming and the overwhelming dedication such a life required, regardless of the considerable material privileges a monarch enjoys. Both eventually married and had children of their own, a son and daughter for one; a daughter and, much later, an adopted son for the other. Both of the king’s granddaughters died young of tragic causes, leaving only the grandsons behind. One, the older of the two, the adopted boy, who was very close to the king, officially renounced his interest in the crown shortly upon reaching manhood, disappointing Exeter greatly, choosing instead to spend his life in academia and what Gaians might consider a life akin to that of a monk, though with significant differences. The other, the younger, made it known that he would not renounce the crown, which thus made him the king’s only possible heir. The problem was, Trajan Chaundran Vanerrincourt was two things that were quite unpopular with the People: he was a rare powerful Mathematician known for his cruelty, heartlessness, and arrogance—”
A short leap from a low wall—
Before Maggie could ask the questions forming quickly in her mind, she found herself standing in a firelit room, looking at a tall, thin young man who was watching himself in a mirror as several men fussed over his clothing. He stood haughtily erect, his dark eyes thin and menacing, his mouth unsmiling, a dour expression she knew immediately was a permanent feature of his gaunt face. The men flitting about him seemed terrified of him, touching the hem of his gold-bordered robe as though it might shock them any moment. When he moved, or adjusted himself in any way, the men backed away instantly, bowing.
“The young prince himself,” said Luis with obvious displeasure in his voice.
She watched the man for a few seconds longer, and then asked, “The Vanerrincourts named the kingdom after their own family? Seems quite arrogant in and of itself, Luis.”
“No, Margarita. Forgive me: I have not been clear. Trajan’s true surname is Chaundran. Trajan Chaundran. A ruling family takes on the new surname Vanerrincourt as a symbol of service to their broader family, the People. Exeter is the king’s first name; but here, and as a show of respect, rulers are publicly titled first by their surnames: Chaundran Exeter, Chaundran Trajan. Ostensibly as well, it is a reminder to the rulers that they serve the people. I do not respect the prince, and so I use the common form in naming him Trajan Chaundran Vanerrincourt.”
“Ah,” said Maggie as she tried to discern any spark of life in Trajan Chaundran’s eyes, and found none. She spied motion in an unlighted corner of the spacious bedroom, and took her attention off the thin young man before her to see what was moving.
It was another man (she guessed), who was sitting in a high-backed red leather chair. He wore a crimson-and-black cloak, the cowl pulled over his head, his face nearly lost beneath it. He shifted in his seat, and she could just make out orange firelight from the low fire crackling in the large hearth at the back of the room catch his slitlike eyes. Long, skeletal fingers grasped the arms of the chair … and Maggie found herself staring at them, not knowing why they were suddenly so compelling.
“Luis,” she asked, “who’s that in the corner?”
The disgust in Luis’ voice was plain. “That,” he said, “is Flaglyas Turpensus, Trajan’s life-long mentor. Rumored to be a Mathematician himself. A very dark soul, if you will forgive the rather loose use of that word. What you are watching here is the heir being fitted for royal robes, which he anticipates will be officially his in just a few days’ time.”
“But you just said that the People didn’t like Mathematicians ...”
“They do not, Margarita, especially those with the potential of gathering even more power to themselves, especially the political kind. Mathematicians are tolerated on Vanerrincourt, more so than probably anywhere else on Aquanus, but are required to take an Oath of Nonaggression, which states that if they abuse their power—if they harm another person or use their abilities to destroy property or to intimidate others—they will be required to wear an Emasculatum, a special pendant that deprives a Mathematician of his or her powers. They cannot remove them without killing themselves, and once donned can only be removed by a more powerful Mathematician. If a Mathematician removes another’s Emasculatum and he is not more powerful, they both will die. Some Mathematicians don them voluntarily, either to discipline themselves or to feel more accepted in their society. Some societies, however, do not even allow Mathematicians to exist, killing the children that manifest even the slightest of abilities outright. They require all children to wear an Emasculatum; as the children enter adolescence they are forced to remove them. The Mathematicians among them die instantly. Mathematicians from other kingdoms are not allowed to set foot on their shores; if they are discovered, they are killed immediately. The Emasculatum is not enough for these cultures.
“Mathematicians are feared on Aquanus, Margarita. And there is very good reason to fear them. History has clearly shown that a human being with such abilities becomes little more than a monster over time, abusive and deadly and insanely corrupted, a mortally wounded soul. Trajan was but a single heartbeat from the throne—once again, he was the only possible heir of Chaundran Exeter’s—and, as you can see here, was quite confident that his appointment to the monarchy was inevitable.”
“But it wasn’t,” said Maggie, thinking fearfully of Melody. Was Melody destined to become a monster, “abusive and deadly and insanely corrupted”?
Luis continued:
“Common sense said there could only be one way for Trajan Chaundran Vanerrincourt to be elevated to the monarchy; and that could only occur during a leadership crisis, namely if the king himself suddenly died—”
Maggie caught her breath.
“That’s right! You just told me! ‘In the event of death, the eldest declared heir assumes the throne until the decision is made whether to officially crown him or her …’ Trajan was the only heir! Trajan was trying to kill the king!” she cried, watching him again, aghast.
“We have no way of proving it,” replied Luis. “As a boy just entering manhood, Trajan had been convicted of abusing his powers. As a result he was required to wear an Emasculatum, which on the day was to be put on he killed four attendants and several more guards before finally being restrained and the pendant being safely placed around his neck. His reputation for cruelty, for heartlessness—never mind his frightening abilities towards those ends—was already very well known. Always he wanted to dominate people, to have great power, always more power, always more …”
Luis let his voice trail off oddly. Maggie watched as the men attending the prince exited the spacious bedroom, bowing their way out. The dark grandson of the king impatiently removed his robes and shirt, leaving him standing there with only his black boots and pants on, his bare chest almost hairless, his ribs prominent—
“Luis …”
“Yes?”
Trajan Chaundran said something to the mirror, obviously meant for Flaglyas Turpensus, who was still sitting in the high-backed chair in the shadowed corner along the far wall, his cavernous cowl giving him the appearance of evil incarnate. She craned her head to listen in, but couldn’t quite hear. Giving up, she said, “You said Trajan had to wear a—what did you call it again?”
“An Emasculatum.”
“An Emasculatum. Right. But—I don’t see anything. He’s not wearing any—”
She broke off.
“It’s been taken off!”
“Yes, Margarita.”
“But you just said only more powerful Mathematicians could remove the Emasculatum from another! And you said Trajan’s abilities were rare! Who could’ve removed it?”
“Look in the corner.”
Trajan’s mentor had stood and was walking—was that walking? It almost appeared as if the cloaked man was gliding—floating—towards his charge, who went back to inspecting his half-naked form in the mirror….
“Flaglyas …”
He loomed up beside Trajan, reaching long, thin, skeletal fingers up to his shoulder, grasping it slowly, patiently, each digit coming to rest one by one upon it. They were talking some more, conversing maddeningly quietly …
The scene dissolved away into blackness.
As Maggie floated in the dark, Luis said, “That view was also very difficult to come by, almost impossible. No ordinary Dreamcatcher could have captured it. There are ways of obscuring one’s soul, and the Local Manifestations of the Universal Consciousness, in such a way as to make it almost impossible for it or them to be tracked by ones such as me. You may have noticed how difficult it was to hear what they were saying. That’s because the track you were just in had been tampered with, ‘scratched.’ And I only came about that snippet long after the invasion had occurred and Vanerrincourt had been destroyed. Nobody knew about Flaglyas Turpensus. He had been a trusted member of the Royal Family for many, many years.”
“He looks … so evil. How could anyone trust him?”
“A long time ago, long before Trajan was even born, he was once the king’s closest friend and most trusted advisor. But he contracted a vicious skin disease of some sort, or so it is rumored, one that slowly disfigured him, making him hideous. He wore the cloak and cowl everywhere.”
A moment of silence. 
“We had no idea he was, in fact, Necrolius Anaxagorius himself.”
Maggie blinked heavily in the dark.
“He’s ‘the Black Coffin’? He’s the one who destroyed Vanerrincourt?”
“And most of Aquanus, yes,” said Luis soberly. “Shortly after this robe-fitting scene in Trajan’s bedroom, Flaglyas—Necrolius—disappeared. Three days later, the Seminarium and the People had spoken. The king could choose his heir.”
“What?”
Luis spoke calmly, as if reciting a death sentence. “We will never be able to discern the real reasons for their decision, of course. There are those who speculate that over the years Trajan and his mentor had populated the Seminarium with many conspiring allies just waiting for their chance …”
“And the People?” demanded Maggie. “Surely they weren’t that stupid! Surely they could see the danger they had placed themselves in!”
“The king’s relationship with the People had always been a very close one. Perhaps they gave him this privilege as a show of continuing support and trust. I only remember that there was great tension, anger, and division among Vanerrincourtians. It certainly was not a consensus; street violence and rioting broke out immediately afterward. The People were deeply divided over the decision. Perhaps they were counting on the Seminarium to counter their vote: the Seminarium held more power than the People and thus could, in effect, veto their choice—but the message to the king would still be there. As I said, the Seminarium and the Monarchy were antagonistic, and had been for a very long time. There are those who say the Seminarium had been populated with Yellow Tracluse—”
“With—seagulls?” exclaimed Maggie, remembering what Aedan had told her on the Pier to Forever. Didn’t he call the seagulls that had attacked him “Yellow Tracluse”?
“Yellow Tracluse are people whose souls have been self-infected and -corrupted to the point that a freely chosen parasite, an aecxal being known as a Tracluse, is allowed into their consciousness where it effectively takes them over, has them do its bidding. Yellow Tracluse acquire other powers as well, more or less, which of course are always used to evil ends. Another term for Yellow Tracluse is Traitor. Yellow Tracluse have long been allies of the Black Coffin’s; it is not unreasonable to suppose that during his long tenure with the royal family, Flaglyas ‘infected’ many of the Seminarium, who were merely following his orders. The decision to allow the king to appoint Trajan to the throne would thus be elementary. We now believe that the king’s original sickness was caused by Flaglyas himself, who, had he successfully Infected the king, could then effectively take over Vanerrincourt, with Trajan his servant-with-a-crown, as it were, all without a fight. Vanerrincourt would then fall without a drop of blood being spilled. But this is all wild speculation; we will never know the truth. All we really know is that the king was never actually Infected. I have tried many times to access the proper tracks—either individual souls or Localized Manifestations—to learn more, but to no avail. The Emperor of the Gyss had done his work very well.”
Maggie had too many questions; they were all jumbled at the front of her consciousness, wanting out. What the heck was an “aecxal being”? How does one go about Infecting a human soul? How does one determine that another’s soul is Infected? Was Trajan a ‘Yellow Tracluse’ too? What was Necrolius? Was he even human?
Luis said, “I can sense your confusion, Margarita. If you can be patient, I will do my best to answer your questions in time.”
She said, “I remember when the Supreme Court of the United States appointed a chimpanzee to the presidency—a presidency he had stolen, as it turned out. It has since torn our nation apart, perhaps irrevocably. A despicable ruler appointed by despicable and small men. Our republic, I thought, was in tatters. It must have felt something like that for the citizens of Vanerrincourt.”
“I remember,” said Luis. “And it did. But Trajan was no idiot, as your current president most clearly is; on the contrary, he was—and is—a very bright man. And yes: many of us from Aquanus who now call Earth home felt the same way about the American elections. We were shocked and dismayed—but not surprised.”
He cleared his throat, then said, “To continue my story, Vanerrincourt was in a state of tension not seen in centuries as the citizens waited for Chaundran Exeter Innocent III to name his grandson Trajan to the throne. There were actually many citizens who packed all their belongings and left Vanerrincourt, taking ships or the Great Piers to new lands, so terrified were they of Exeter’s grandson. I remember thinking that twilight was fast descending upon our great kingdom. As it turned out, I was right. The darkness was indeed looming, but not because Chaundran Exeter’s grandson’s way to the throne was now clear.”
“Then … why?”
“Because the king’s premonitions had been growing in intensity with each passing night. He was close to outright insanity with the fear of them. He was, I was convinced, seeing the future. And that future, Margarita, was bleak.”
He paused. “But the king had an ally. It was another Mathematician, one no one ever suspected of being such, including me. And that powerful ally stood next to him and gave the king the ability to rule in his very darkest, and last, days. Because, as it turns out, that ally and protector was having those exact same premonitions. Premonitions of invasion and slaughter. Premonitions ... of total war.”
Maggie was pulled back into blackness, from where another short, sightless leap sent her into a long, wide hallway with very high walls covered with enormous tapestries and lighted by torches set in regular intervals. Under the tapestries stood statuary—busts of men and women and couples. At the far end were a set of tremendous double doors covered in a magnificent iron latticework, a coat of arms. As she watched the doors began to open, the blinding crack of white light between them widening steadily. Someone large walked through that bright light and into the hall, a tall black rectangle of steady motion. She goggled forward. She had recognized that proud stride instantly, before she could even see the face it belonged to.
A twenty-years-younger Aedan Conor strode up the center of the great hall straight towards her, his intense eyes cast forward and down, his chin set. He wore a loose-fitting virgin-white shirt with black pants and boots, along with a beautiful knee-length black-and-purple cape bordered in gold. His hair was still predominately black, but even now was peppered very slightly with gray, his short, trimmed beard thinly streaked with white, giving his visage an even more pronounced devilish appearance. He swept unsmilingly past her, grimly determined.
“Go on, Margarita, follow him.”
And Maggie found she could walk—though when she looked down she couldn’t see her legs carrying her, or, for that matter, that she had arms or body parts at all. The sensation was highly disconcerting. She tried putting it aside and walking anyway.
She had to hurry to catch up to Conor, whose strong footfalls seemed to command the very light of the hall, whose stature seemed to demand it. She thought of that quality of leadership in men, how ephemeral it seemed, and yet how very tangible at the same time. Aedan Conor had it, and it pulled her effortlessly along in his wake. A group of men walking along the corridor’s end recognized him; they stepped quickly out the way and bowed as he passed. Conor didn’t seem to notice them. A pair of guards dressed in blue and green pulled open another set of doors at the end of the hall, and he strode through, Maggie following closely behind, into a cavernous, opulent, vaulted room with a raised set of stairs and a high silver throne at the landing at the palace’s far end. When he entered, the few attendants there rose stiffly as one in silent salute. On the throne sat a weathered, tired old man, white-haired and –bearded, wearing blue and white robes, who smiled warmly as he traversed the length of the room towards him. 
And next to the king …
Maggie stopped, gawked. For next to Chaundran Exeter Innocent stood the most beautiful young woman she had ever seen. She was clearly impatient and anxious, almost jumping up and down in place; in the next second she had flown down the stairs and into Conor’s arms, whose large, broad body seemed to swallow her whole. He stroked her long, flowing black hair and brought her chin up from his shoulder, kissing her lips very gently.
Maggie stared openly, then reprimanded herself for being so completely rude, then reprimanded herself again for being so stupid. I’m invisible! Idiot! 
It was then that she noticed the girl Conor held so closely was crying. Was sobbing. Maggie was close enough that she could hear her pleading, “Please, Kieran, no … don’t do it, I beg you, I beg you, please, I love you, please, no, Kieran, no….”
Conor looked into her dark eyes for a long moment, and then grasped her hand. With her in tow he walked the final few feet to the stairs, which he mounted, leaving her at their foot, weeping and shaking, her hands clasped tightly at her chin. He knelt at the topmost one in front of the king, staring at the marble of the floor at the monarch’s feet. Chaundran Exeter Innocent III stood slowly and placed a withered, trembling hand on the back of his head. “Rise, grandson,” said the king, his smile betraying great sadness. “Rise, that I might look upon the last King of Vanerrincourt.”



Chapter 27
The Procession of Roses
Wait! Wait! Luis—”
The scene dissolved instantly. Maggie found herself floating in darkness once more.
“Margarita?”
“Aedan told me that he was born in Dublin! What was he doing here, in Quadris? Is there another Pier to Forever—in Ireland? For that matter, what were you? You have a Spanish accent, yet you said you were the king’s Healer. You must’ve lived on Aquanus for years!”
“I was born in Llosa de Camacho, near the coastal village of Denia, en Espana—on Earth,” said Luis after an odd pause.
She waited in the blackness. Luis had gone completely silent.
“Luis?”
“The king—Aedan—did not lie, Margarita. He was born in Dublin, just as he told you. When he was Melody’s age he was very near what is now present-day Imperial Beach. There was a huge temporal event—the Tangent opened unexpectedly—and swallowed him, along with everybody he was with. It was the second known event of its kind to occur in less than a century. The first claimed me. I was part of a large fleet sailing north up the coast of California towards San Francisco. We disappeared in the Tangent, all of us, the entire fleet. That was over fifty years before the one that claimed the king. The memories are still very vivid.... We were sailing in calm Pacific waters, I remember; it was bright and sunny … and the next thing I knew I was being tossed to and fro on deck in a terrific storm in darkest night. Most of the ships in our fleet were dashed against the cliffs on the other side of the Tangent and destroyed. Many men died. But a few of us survived. The ship we were on was heavily damaged but somehow avoided the rocks; and when the storm cleared …”
“Yes—?”
“… we were confronted with the impossible: an endless Pier, a great ringed planet, the edge of the world itself just a few miles away, the Great Arch…. Clearly, we weren’t on Earth anymore. We had gone somewhere else. We had no idea where we were. Some of the men went crazy. Some killed themselves. The rest of us limped alongside Ae Infinitus hoping to find help. Months of sailing and more storms and even piracy reduced our numbers still further. But finally we encountered a Vanerrincourtian scout ship sailing ahead of a large expeditionary fleet. We had been saved.
“Conor Kieran’s—Aedan’s—story was much different,” he went on. “It is legendary among our people, of course, and he never speaks of it, but young Kieran was the only survivor from his vessel. It too crossed over from a placid Pacific Ocean into hell—into a hurricane, he told me, that lifted the waves into ninety-foot monsters. When the storm passed, he made his way along Infinitus alone, barely thirteen years of age. His powers were just coming into their own; and it was by these powers, he told me, that he survived the storm, that he fed himself, that he discovered some of the secrets of the Great Pier itself, that he found help and eventual rescue, again by Vanerrincourtians. But by that time Conor Kieran had spent an entire year on the Pier. By himself in that time he had covered over three thousand miles of its length, had fought many of the dangers found along it, had stood up to weathered, filthy vagabonds and plunderers who saw a young boy and drooled, and had somehow enlisted the aid of powerful aecxal beings in his journey. The Vanerrincourtian vessel that rescued him just happened to be ferrying a talented young warrior by the name of Malesherbes Quartermane; it is these chance events, it seems, that change history. And so it was with young Kieran. Upon return to Quadris, Quartermane introduced Kieran to a woman, a close friend of Quartermane’s. Her name was Kathlin—Kathlin Chaundran, the daughter of King Exeter himself, who fell in love with the boy and eventually adopted him as her own son—and by extension into the Royal Family. His name was changed shortly thereafter to V. Chaundran Aedan Exeter I. Aedan Chaundran and his adopted mother were very close until her death from illness ten years later.”
“So much of this doesn’t fit,” Maggie said, frustrated, after a pause to soak it all in. “There are too many gaps ... too many ... I mean—these ‘temporal events’ ... there are no records of them, I’m sure of it. Surely there would be! There’d have to be! Disappearing fleets would be big, big news, especially near San Diego! What year did they happen? Was it recently?”
Another odd pause. Then: “No, Margarita. They happened ... a long time ago.”
“How long?  It couldn’t be that long ago, could it? How old is Aedan? When was he born?”
But Luis had gone completely quiet again.
“Luis? What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
“Please forgive me, Margarita. I knew I was going to have to get around to this eventually, but it still is not easy. You may have trouble accepting what I must tell you now. Kieran Conor was born April 6 of the Gaian year 1589. He was a deckhand aboard the English privateer ship Santa Anita, out of Manila. I was born in late October of the Gaian year 1551.”
Maggie had snorted when she heard Conor’s birth year; when she heard Luis’, a tortured, almost hysterical chuckle escaped her lips.
“The Tangent …” she whispered.
“Yes, Margarita.”
There followed a period of silence that seemed to stretch on for hours. She bathed in it, almost completely unaware of her self, almost as if she no longer existed. When she finally came back to the present, she thought: This feels good, this darkness. I could stay here for a healthy chunk of eternity before I tire of it. Here, wherever here is, time and pain—and the impossible—can be safely forgotten. The vast waters of oblivion, she thought, have another name: ignorance.
She took in a deep breath of air. Then, impetuously, she said, “He lied to me, Luis.”
“Yes, Margarita, he did. The king deceived you. May I ask you a question?”
“Yes.”
“You know the truth now …”
“... Yes.” She had heard Luis’ words striking her soul just like a bell, pure and real and simple, all this time: she felt them down along her spine, out to her fingertips. She had no doubts. But her certainty wasn’t comforting, not in the slightest. She missed her doubt; she wanted it back; she wanted it like a drug. The truth ringing through her was hard and unyielding and utterly indifferent to her privation.
“Margarita?”
“Yes ... Sorry, Luis. I was lost in thought. Yes—I know the truth now.”
“Had the king—Aedan—told you the truth …”
“... would I have believed him?”
“Yes.”
“No. Of course not—”
“Would you not have thought him crazy?”
“Yes.” Then: “I understand your point. It just ... it just …” She sighed.
“He did not lie to hurt you, Margarita. On the contrary, to protect you. To protect Melody. This you must believe. His methods are open to censure, surely, but can you understand the position he was in?”
“... I can ...”
“Can you forgive him?”
Maggie thought about that. What was Conor trying to do, but protect Melody ...
... But—protect from what? Luis hadn’t mentioned that.
“Luis—?”
“I know what your next question is, Margarita. I did not elaborate further earlier because you were not ready to hear it. Once again I must assure you that, while we speak now, your daughter is completely safe. Conor Kieran went to confront Necrolius. Your daughter’s soul had somehow—we do not know how yet—fled to an Aquanian land known as the Sankyan Wilderness after she injured herself. After she injured you. The Black Coffin was waiting for her. The king went to save her.”
Maggie’s blood went ice cold. “Melody was ... in his presence? Flaglyas? Necrolius? He—he tried to kill her?”
“We believe so, yes. She escaped—somehow. We know the Young Master was with her as well. We do not know how; their connection is a mystery, perhaps unique. We believe the king freed them both. But we do not know. I have not attempted to access the consciousness tracks; it may not be possible to do so. The Sankyan Wilderness is a very strange pl—”
“ ‘The Young Master’—you mean Yaeko?”
“Yes.”
“And she’s okay—?”
“Yes. When Melody’s soul returned, so did the Young Master’s, almost as if they were—”
“The song—” she whispered impulsively. It was all coming back now, in images and sounds far more powerful than plain memory, like a dirty windshield coming clean to reveal more and more light and landscape.
“Which song are you referring to?”
“It’s—” But how to explain? The beautiful, compelling melody swept through her then, just as if she had opened the door to a soundproof hall to reveal an entire symphony orchestra playing it. She suddenly felt overcome with emotion. She cried—but, quite disconcertingly, there seemed to be no separation between her and the act itself, almost as if the intensity of her grief had become her very skin and bones, becoming corporeal, substantial. The—water?—she was floating in suddenly felt even more welcoming and accepting, as if trying to soothe her. The melody resounded through her being ... and with it more images: Melody bent over a math book, humming it ... or smiling up at her as she held her on the beach ... Melody and Yaeko sharing one of those superintimate glances, almost as if they were speaking beyond language, beyond mere and inadequate words....
A hint of a revelation flashed through her consciousness then. Too fast to grasp, and then it was gone. Feeling desperate to know more, she said, composing herself, “Luis. Aedan spoke of ‘needing’ Melody to ... to return with him along Ae Infinitus to help him rebuild a temple ... a temple lost ... lost ...”
“... to war, yes,” said Luis.
“To war ...” The frightening images of a decimated Quadris Empiricus were still fresh in her mind.
“Yes, Margarita.”
“But ... this is making no sense! I mean ... I remember speaking to the vice principal at Melody’s middle school ... Mr. Jefferson.... Mr. Jefferson told me that Aedan had worked at the district for over twenty years. He’s ... he’s a teacher, for God’s sake, not a—a king ... a geometry teacher! ... He’s won awards, Mr. Jefferson told me, awards! Teacher of the Year, that sort of thing.... He’s ... he’s a member of the community, of Imperial Beach.... He’s no king ... is he? Is he? I mean, if he had to rebuild the temple, why wait in I.B.? Why teach? What was holding him up? Why not get back and do it immediately himself? Why not go back straightaway and kill Necrolius and be done with it? Why ... Why is Melody needed?”
She took a deep, quavering breath, then continued: “I feel the truth of your words, Luis. I feel the truth of everything I have seen. But—I don’t want to! I—I have no doubts ... except the doubt that I am sane, that I can handle it, all of it—that Aedan is a king, the Tangent, the other world, the Pier, your birthday ... Melody’s powers ... his ... Yaeko ... the song....”
Maggie trailed off. But before Luis could speak, she blurted out:
“Aedan knew somehow to wait for Melody. He taught in Imperial Beach, or close to it, for twenty years. Why not in Dublin? Or Spain? Or Japan or the Philippines? He ...” She didn’t want to say it, to hear herself say it, but it came out anyway. “He was waiting for Melody, wasn’t he ...” It was stated not as a question but as an inflectionless, agonized whisper of unwanted fact. She didn’t need Luis to confirm the answer, and felt no surprise whatsoever when she heard:
“Yes, Margarita. The king ... was waiting.”
“How did he know to wait for Melody?”
Luis said, “He was not waiting for Melody specifically. Let us resume the story, and you will have the answers you seek. But I must stress: it will take courage to go on. Are you ready?”
“Y-Yes,” replied Maggie, not sure that she was, in fact, ready. At all. She feared what she was about to see and hear and feel; she abstractedly wondered if Conor were ever to recover, that she could ever look at him again without thinking: He’s over four hundred years old! “I—I’m ready.”
“Excellent. Here we go—”
~~*~~
BOOM!—BOOM! BOOM!
BOOM!—BOOM! BOOM!
The sounds rolled through her being, startling her. She was still in blackness as they started; another short leap and her sight came back, making her eyes hurt. She squinted in bright white light—
She was a hundred feet above a tremendous gathering.
BOOM!—BOOM! BOOM!
The noises were coming from great vertical drums, ornately colored, running along a grand bleached-white stone stairway rising towards a raised semicircular dais in the middle of another wide, airy plaza. The sun was at its zenith, directly overhead, painfully bright. Percussionists, men and women in beautiful flowing outfits, struck the drums at precisely the same instant with very large drumsticks, and the noise was just like rolling thunder. Atop tall painted columns behind the dais was a beautiful crescent of the same white stone, where magnificent streamers and flags waved lazily in the cool, steady breeze. Statues stood between them, looking out over the crowd. Some of the statues were incredible, fantastic—winged beings (angels?), animals like bulls or bears, or a cross of both, rippling with muscle, and statues of what reminded Maggie of childhood stories of sea monsters. These had enormous eyes with vertical, snakelike pupils. (Were these figures representations of the “aecxal beings” Luis had spoken of just a moment ago, the ones that had aided the young Kieran Conor on his journey along Ae Infinitus?) Almost as an anticlimax, there were also various sculptures of men and women (earlier royalty?) in exalted poses, situated between them. Below the crescent, at the base of each column, sat a single person, a mix of men and women—not statues, though they were still as such; at the center column, and sitting on a tall, gilded throne with black-clad guards to either side of him, was the old king, his long white hair falling over frail shoulders. Despite his withered appearance, he still gave a pronounced air of practiced power and authority.
BOOM!—BOOM! BOOM!
The crowd sprawled away on both sides of the staircase, and along both sides of a long, curving, fluted corridor described by dozens of colored columns that ran back and away from the white staircase for hundreds of yards. The corridor was empty and expectant, not white stone but an incredible swirling mural of colors, like a rainbow caught in a spring flood. But Maggie hadn’t really noticed this; she was staring, open-mouthed, at the columns themselves. They weren’t columns at all, but the stems of fantastic stone flowers. The stems were pale ice-green, almost translucent, as were the huge, serrated leaves up along their lengths; the stems rose a hundred feet—at least as high as she was—towards beautiful open alien blooms like roses, red, yellow, white, blue, purple ... 
... And nestled in the cradle of each bloom ...
“Wow.”
... were giant sea horses!
Sea horses!
With long, thin snouts and black, reflective, onyxlike eyes like commas, the sea horses sat regally in the cradle of each blooming column-flower, their riders—riders!—bedecked in Vanerrincourtian colors of white, blue, and green, their capes billowing proudly off their shoulders. The sea horses were larger, much larger, than regular horses, and shaped slightly differently than seahorses found on Earth. The riders sat in a natural S-shaped crook just behind their heads and in front of beautiful ribbed fans that grew out of the hump at the top of the crook. The fans were quite large, perhaps as tall as a medium-sized man; they sparkled and shifted colors as she watched; so too their powerful, scaly, armless and legless bodies, which seemed at one moment transparent, at another substantial, as though the sea horses bridged some reality between this one and some fantastic other realm of which they were part. The horses’ long, muscled tails were curled tightly beneath them. The sight was incredible, almost too much for Maggie to wrap her mind around.
“My—God ... Luis—”
“Shh. Just watch, Margarita.”
BOOM!—BOOM! BOOM!
A great processional, just entering the fluted, curving corridor of stone roses, and just coming to Maggie’s attention, was moving slowly towards her now.
And leading it by at least a hundred paces ... was Aedan Conor.
BOOM!—BOOM! BOOM!
He looked impressive. The robes he wore were white and crimson and traced with gold, his head held high and steady, his face grim and determined. He was holding something as he walked, holding it in the palms of his hands, his hands together, cradling it ... a small box or something like one, held away from his body slightly, as one would walk with a precious, fragile possession, conscious of one’s own movements.... As he strode forward, guards lining both sides of the corridor would come to attention and salute—right hand down the centerline, then a stomp, followed in quick succession by two more, which coincided perfectly with the huge drums—
BOOM!—BOOM! BOOM!
“The coronation of Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I,” announced Luis unnecessarily. He had whispered as if not to disturb the proceedings.
And then Maggie got it.
“Conor—Kieran—Faramond—Benedictus!” she whispered excitedly in return. “Not V. Chaundran Aedan Exeter I!”
“That is correct, Margarita,” whispered Luis in reply. Maggie could hear the satisfaction in his voice. “As a member of the Chaundran family, Aedan Chaundran could not claim the throne; he had renounced it years earlier. But if he renounced his adopted, that is to say royal, name, if he reclaimed the name given him at birth, back on Earth ...”
“He would be eligible ...” she breathed; and then she laughed. “He could rule. It’s ... it’s genius!”
“The king—Chaundran Exeter—was no dummy, Margarita. Quite the contrary. For decades he had outsmarted the Seminarium, often at the precise moment when they thought they finally had him. This coronation was his greatest coup, if for no other reason than he had outsmarted Necrolius Anaxagorius himself, even when weighed against the grim reality soon to follow; for the old king—my dear friend—was assassinated less than a week after this ceremony. We believe his own grandson, Trajan Chaundran, was the assassin.”
She felt her stomach drop. Suddenly this magnificent coronation seemed less a bright celebration of the change of Vanerrincourtian leadership than a forlorn funeral march. The vast, shimmering sea of colors and pomp and noise took on an abrupt sinister feel that made her shudder.
“Trajan, who was scheming to be king,” she said, without realizing she had spoken.
“Trajan,” spat Luis, “who did his vile deed as a coward, knowing that the new king was away, who then fled south with his master, Necrolius Anaxagorius, instead of confronting Conor directly. For this reason we believe that Trajan knew of Conor Kieran’s abilities, even when almost no one else did, me included. He feared Conor. Many of the Seminarium went missing at the same time; many more were found dead not long after. The war had already started, even if the People were utterly unaware that it had.”
“Where was Aedan? Why wasn’t he there to protect the king?”
“After the coronation Conor Kieran traveled, bringing urgent word to the many island nations surrounding Vanerrincourt, bringing warning to them about what he knew was coming for all Aquanians. He was desperately seeking help and allies—and finding almost none of either available. The rumor had gotten out: the new Vanerrincourtian king was a Mathematician. Trajan, we believe, was responsible for this, hypocrite that he is, as he is a Mathematician as well. Conor knew the old king was going to die; he knew it even now as he marched up the Procession of Roses. Chaundran Exeter, of course, knew he was going to die; he had confided such to me and then cautioned me against interfering, sending me on a useless journey to the most distant province of the kingdom to prevent me from doing so. His many persistent premonitions told him of his end; and when death came, he faced it as he had faced his reign: determined to win at all costs, determined to give the new king, his beloved grandson, the greatest possible chance of success in a time when he knew very few were left to be had. Conor returned a month later from his travels knowing his grandfather was dead—a death which was Chaundran Exeter’s final and decisive move in a heinously difficult game he had mastered long ago: the game of life itself. His burial, which was not attended by Conor Kieran, was the first and last of a monarch’s to be held completely in private, for by that time Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus had declared that Vanerrincourt was in a state of war and ordered the emergency evacuation of the entire populace north along the Eternitam, as well as the mass mobilization of the entire Vanerrincourtian navy. He had received confirmation while away that the Gyssian invasion was already underway. Given good winds, the Black Coffin’s mighty armada would gain Vanerrincourtian shores in less than two months’ time.”
Conor and the enormous procession behind him—all bearing roses, Maggie just noticed—had moved a good distance up the fluted corridor of towering stone flowers to the thunder of mighty drums. He passed through a narrow, tall, columned-and-roofed corridor perhaps thirty feet long, but upon exiting the other side he suddenly stopped, directly beneath Maggie. It was instantly obvious that this was completely unprecedented, given the collective gasp and murmurs of the crowd and the sideways glances of the long parade behind him, which stopped as well, but in a quite disorganized fashion, with some of the participants running comically into the backs of those in front of them. Had Maggie not known what Conor knew at this moment, she would have laughed. But somehow the absurdity of the moment only made the underlying reality more scarily focused and poignant.
Conor stood frozen for a long moment, as if contemplating something difficult and vexing—and then abruptly pocketed the precious box he was holding out in front of him with zero ceremony whatsoever, as if stowing a ball-point pen inside a suit coat.
At this, the huge crowd gave another gasp.
He unexpectedly turned on his heel and thrust his hand out towards the parade behind him, motioning to someone in it to come and join him. A single figure in a plain green-and-white cloak, what appeared to be the cloak of a commoner, detached itself unsurely from the middle of a large corps of regal-looking women wearing beautiful white gowns with long, flowing trains, each lifted by many attendants. The women were thoroughly scandalized but trying to retain their high airs, and appearing completely silly in the attempt. The cloaked figure hesitated amidst them, and then broke through their ranks, running straight up the swirling mural corridor, while the murmurs of the crowd grew louder in volume by the second and the rolling drums ceased entirely. It was the beautiful dark-haired girl who had run crying into his arms before the king in the palace, now doing the same thing here under the shocked gaze of the great crowd and the king and the guards. With the roar of the crowd swelling, Conor kissed her patiently, slowly—more gasps—and then grasped her hand, turning determinedly to face the grand white staircase, which rose up to V. Chaundran Exeter Innocent himself, who, Maggie saw, surprised, was smiling and nodding knowingly from his seat on the throne. The officials on either side of him, however, appeared absolutely appalled.
But Maggie understood completely.
And she found herself carried away by a strong current of admiration for the man below her, the future geometry teacher—who was, in fact, a rebel—
—and very soon to be crowned a king.



Chapter 28
The Temple Kentein Intersectum
The massive crowd did not settle down until Conor and the young woman had stepped hand-in-hand up to the landing, where she waited on the topmost stair as he, as part of a fairly involved ceremony, ended up kneeling in front of each of the seated members under the columns. Each dignitary would then stand and, speaking (Maggie couldn’t hear what they were saying past the crowd’s constant low murmuring), concluded by tapping his shoulders with a long ebony staff, left then right, before sitting once again. Conor went to each of them like this, working his way inward—first the leftmost dignitary, then the rightmost, then the second leftmost ... until finally he had reached V. Chaundran Exeter Innocent I at center. At this, the crowd gave an enormous, sudden roar—but it felt, just like the kneeling was, to be scripted, as though this was what all the crowds at all the past coronations had done and hence had become traditional. The two men faced one another, the king having risen and stepped from his throne. The old king said something to him. The young woman waited on the topmost stair, stiff as a statue, obviously intensely uncomfortable in her place, the processional behind her silent and staring into her back. Conor must have sensed this as well, for at that instant he turned and (with more gasps from the crowd) walked to her and grabbed her hand, bringing her up the final stair to face the king. The old monarch spoke to her—she bent and kissed his cheek—and moments later Conor grasped another staff, this one gleaming gold and covered by what looked like huge sparkling emeralds, presented by a small crowd of similarly dressed processionees who had solemnly ascended the stairs with it. He then turned with the woman to face the crowd. The crowd roared again, this time much louder, and for an extended time ...
Luis made an odd gurgling noise.
“Luis? Are you all right?”
Another gurgling sound. Then: “Yes, Margarita. I have lived a very long time. I have seen many great things. But this—this act of rebellion, of contempt even, in a ceremony that has elements older than Western Civilization on Earth, is surely one of my life’s highlights. You have no idea how powerfully the new king went against established tradition, against long-established societal customs. The old king had just told Conor Kieran: ‘Today I have witnessed the birth of greatness. Today I know that you will win, grandson. I know from what I have just witnessed here that you will. The future of Aquanus is in your very grasp.’ Incredible words from an incredible man.”
“Who’s the girl, Luis? She’s so beautiful ...”
Luis hesitated before answering. “Her name is Espriella, the most beautiful young lady in the Realm. She and the new king were engaged to be married. They were practically inseparable, the best of friends. Kindred spirits. Espriella was a student at the Vanerrincourtian University, and several years Conor Kieran’s junior. According to custom, she was absolutely not to be with the new king as he was handed the Royal Staff. To stand with him there as he was handed the Staff was, in essence, declaring that she was a monarch as well, and that the monarchy was to be a cupidicy, a joint monarchy, which had not been approved of or even debated by the Seminarium.”
“Oh.” Maggie was going to ask, “Where’s Espriella now?” but the inflection in Luis’ voice prompted her to say instead, “Are ... are you okay, Luis? You sound ... sad.”
“You are very kind, Margarita. I am fine. I have visited this scene hundreds of times in the past. It always affects me quite deeply. Perhaps someday, after you understand the full impact of what you have just witnessed, it will touch you deeply as well.”
He pulled her back into the gestating, floating blackness.
“For now, however,” he said, interrupting another question as it was forming on her lips, “we must move on. And what I must show you now will, I am quite certain, affect you quite deeply, Margarita. Are you ready?”
“I—I think so ...”
“Excellent. Hang on—you are going to visit Conor Kieran’s soul. It is the only way I can show you what I must show you now.”
“Okay. I—WHOOP!”
It felt at that very moment as if she had been pushed backwards out of an airplane flying in blackest night. She was in free fall, flipping uncontrollably over herself, accelerating savagely. She felt cold air rushing by her; it roared in her ears like a passing freight train as she screamed mindlessly, her stomach turning over and over, her hair whipping into her face, then behind her ears, then back into her face ...
“Luuuuuuiiiiiiis!” she shrieked into the roar, “Oh God—!”
But she continued falling. And falling. And falling.... Minutes that passed like hours later she managed to catch her breath somehow—and then—
—she was decelerating, floating like a feather towards some unseen stopping point, some invisible ground level.... She was abruptly standing again—she could feel the “ground” push up against the bottoms of her feet—and now diffuse white light, just a spot of it, growing ahead of her, growing and focusing, overtaking her, splitting into colors, into shapes, resolving ...
She found herself facing an incredible edifice.
She screwed her eyes shut, blanking it out temporarily (unmindful of the miracle that she could, since she was invisible to herself), and, with her stomach still flipping as though she was still falling, growled: “You could give me more warning, Luis!”
“My apologies, Margarita. There is really nothing I can do to prepare you for a fall such as the one you just experienced. The king has a powerful and deep soul. It takes a long time to land in it.”
She blinked her eyes open. “I’m ... in ... Aedan Conor? Right now?”
“Yes.”
She glanced down. Sure enough, she was looking down at beautiful, regal clothing, at a broad male chest covered in Vanerrincourtian white, blue, and green, with ornate embroidery and small silver chains arranged in a vertical row inside an engraved black metal rectangle of form-fitting metal (armor?) at his trim midsection, chains which swung in time with his confident, able strides forward. She noticed thick arms and sculpted hands, and fingers unencumbered by jewelry or royal ostentation of any kind, save a thin, modest silver band on the fourth finger of his left hand. She noticed a powerful waist and strong legs ending at black boots. Legs and boots that were moving towards the edifice over familiar silver-green ... stone? wood? Maggie, feeling all this, feeling this man’s body, his breath, his gait, his—his beard?—all hugely disconcerting—forced herself to glance up to look at the structure again, torn between two pressing fascinations: the king’s immediately compelling form—or his immediately compelling surroundings.
Luis must have noticed her effort, for he said at that precise moment:
“The Temple Kentein Intersectum, at the very center of Aquanus, where the two Great Piers meet. Isn’t it amazing, Margarita?”
It was amazing. Surrounded by a tremendous silver-green walkway at least a mile wide, the Temple was the only structure standing in Conor’s sight. Conor was perhaps a thousand yards away from it.
The Temple rose hundreds of feet into the Empress-framed sky, a study in ascending triangles and triumphal arches and impossible curving fairy-spans of tree-lined bridges reaching suspended wings that seemed attached to the main edifice by those bridges and nothing else, like the reaching limbs of some enormous, alien tree. At its broad, asymmetrical, pyramidal base, the Temple was fronted by collections of huge framed columns and smaller, squatter structures; these were divided by expansive, lavish gardens dotted here and there by placid, reflective pools of water. More water cascaded down parts of the Temple, down steps, in wide, glittering streams; some of it fell from those high, high fairy-spans into more pools, unseen from here, long, thin, white falls misting down, settling with a muted roar.
The effect was startling: the cascading ribbons of water made Maggie’s chin lift involuntarily; the falls framed the Temple perfectly, giving it even more height and depth and width, as if bringing it into an entirely new dimension, one hidden but vibrantly alive. Many parts of the Temple were covered in thick, dark vines; in other parts, raised plazas fronting those impossible high wings had sprawling shade trees on them. The gardens themselves, here on the silver-green walkway at ground level, were blanketed with a ghostly-white layer of fog that shifted and swirled with the breaths of invisible breezes.
It was as if Nature herself had consciously designed this Temple, not man; it was a structure created in worship of the very highest in her glory—and in man’s; it was to be shared and celebrated by both, too beautiful to be defiled by mortal hands, too precious not to be enjoyed by them. Maggie felt at once intimidated and drawn to it, unable to look away, forgetting where she was, feeling a tremendous sense of challenge to her very being, and yet the sense that it was here that she could find true and lasting peace. The contrast felt like lightning sparking in her spine, uncomfortable but joyous, the voltage connecting two contradictions by the living potential between them.
“We are just over a month in the future from the coronation, Margarita,” said Luis, interrupting her reverie. “The king has just returned from his travels trying to convince the nearby outlying nations of Necrolius’ evil intentions, trying to gather their support and alliance—and finding almost none of it available. Chaundran Exeter is dead. The Gyssian navy, an unbelievable force of over five thousand warships, is just days away from Vanerrincourtian shores. Terrifying rumors of dark winged beasts slaughtering remote coastal villages in advance of the invasion have become common: the evil spawn of Necrolius himself, Unsolvables.”
“Wait. What’s that mean—‘Unsolvables’?”
“Speaking quite generally and somewhat inaccurately, an Unsolvable is a being for whom direct application of aecxal energy has no effect. The aecxal energy of a Mathematician, for example. Many Unsolvables—and most are human, not beasts like those heartless killers I just spoke of—become nearly invincible fighters, fearsome and vicious. They do not fear Mathematicians. Or ... most of them, anyway, since Mathematicians usually do not become fearsome fighters themselves, relying exclusively on the use of their aecxal abilities; and of those considered Mathematicians, very few are proficient enough to kill indirectly, by using the aecxis to turn objects into sufficiently lethal projectiles, say. Understand?”
“I’m not sure. I ... think so.”
“On Aquanus, Unsolvables are undeniably feared more than Mathematicians, since they are relatively common and invariably fall into the employ of despots and cutthroats.”
Luis paused, took a deep breath.
“Whole nations, whole kingdoms perished in the invasion, Margarita. Their own natural defenders—the Mathematicians born on their soil—had been defanged or destroyed as children. And their navies were impotent against such an overwhelming and aggressive invading force. Island nations, once teeming with life, left barren, the slaughter so complete that even the sounds of dogs barking or birds chirping could not be heard. Nothing was left alive.”
“Didn’t any nation put up a fight?”
“Many did, yes. And it was suicide for them all. The stories are too ghastly to believe, or to see, as I have. As far as Vanerrincourt was concerned, the king knew he could not fight the Gyssian navy toe-to-toe and expect to survive. Conor Kieran has given the order: the people of Vanerrincourt are to evacuate immediately north along the Eternitam. It is why the Temple before us is deserted. Usually it has many hundreds of visitors, many hundreds of devotees. The Vanerrincourtian navy has been ordered to prepare for all-out war. It is a very dark time, very frightening. I still have nightmares about it. The image of thousands of people fleeing north, their possessions in tow, some with none, their faces full of fear.... Many of them simply Transformed and flew away, leaving all their possessions behind. But young children cannot Transform; still others are incapable of it for any number of reasons. The king ordered a healthy percentage of his navy as a dedicated support for the evacuees, to guard them as they traveled.”
“I would hope so!” Maggie snorted. She thought of what Transforming entailed—from human being into a bird—and was going to ask about it, when Luis again interrupted her train of thought:
“Do not think such a statement callous, Margarita. The king had a terrible choice to make, and he knew it. The defense of the present lay with protecting his people as they made their way north along the Eternitam. The defense of the future, however, was along Ae Infinitus. The premonitions were clear on the matter, if not in form and image, in feeling and intuition. The percentage going to one sacrifices the other to that same exact percentage. Do you betray your people—or your world? And to what degree for each? The premonitions gave no information, no guidance, no help in these matters. Only that such a terrible choice would have to be made, and that there were no guarantees in any event, no matter what was finally decided. The new king could fail utterly, even after listening to those premonitions and intuitions to the greatest degree possible, which he tried to do.”
When Maggie didn’t respond (feeling ashamed of her outburst), Luis continued. “The king knew that if the populace could flee far enough north, it would be unlikely that the Black Coffin would harass them. At least ... not initially. Necrolius Anaxagorius’ main concern, Conor Kieran knew, was the conquest of Vanerrincourt itself, and this very Temple.”
“The Temple has valuables inside?”
“No, Margarita. Not valuables—jewels or money or gold. But power. Terrible power. This is what the Black Coffin was after.
“But I must first give you some history. Very few men or women dare to walk into the Temple—into the superstructure itself. Of those who do, almost none comes out of it again. In the long written history of Aquanus, only four of the many thousands who have entered it have emerged from its dark depths. The last one was over two thousand Aquanian years ago, a young peasant woman from the Wolfsnake who walked out of the Temple Kentein Intersectum and into the history books as the Healer who stopped a savage pestilence from wiping out her people—and all of Aquanus in the end. Famously, she never spoke of what was inside, nor did the three who preceded her.”
“But—wait. Didn’t you just say thousands have entered it?”
“The Temple is almost as old as Aquanus itself, Margarita. Over that great a span of time the numbers of the foolish and the power-hungry begin to add up.”
“What happened to them all?”
“You are about to find out. The legend of the Temple speaks of great power bequeathed to he or she who can understand its mysteries. Over the centuries it has proved too much of a temptation to many; they enter seeking that great power, and are never heard from again. Necrolius had nothing to fear from entering the Temple, as you shall soon see ...”
“Oh, no ...”
“My dear?”
“Do you mean to tell me that Aedan—Conor Kieran—is ... he’s going into the Temple?”
“He is, Margarita. And thus so are we. But it must be stated that he is doing so not just with great trepidation, but with a heavy heart as well. As a monarch, as a leader, he or any leader from any sovereign nation is expressly forbidden to enter it. There are no fewer than a hundred treaties between the many heads of state on Aquanus explicitly stating just that. To do so is to commit an act of aggression, of war, against every signatory. Typically, there are guards posted along the very path he is on now, appointed by an Aquanian body devoted to the Temple’s upkeep and to keep the foolish and unwary from getting too near the Portals. There are four Portals, one facing in each direction, east, west, north, and south. The king is approaching the South Portal.”
Conor had entered the fog-enshrouded gardens surrounding the Temple. He was walking straight ahead, deeper and deeper into their overwhelming beauty, towards a parallel series of high-framed gray marble columns over reddish-pink cobblestone. Beyond these stood a large, forbidding Portal like an extended archway reaching from the main structure towards him, cavernous and dark.
Maggie shivered. She felt the yawning chasm of time here, deep and mysterious, warning the new king to make no attempt at traversing it. The sounds of Conor’s steady footfalls, the roaring water from a nearby waterfall, and the twittering of nearby birds was all she could hear. The air was cool, almost cold, spiced with the wafting scents of hundreds of alien flowers; and though utterly still amid the trees and shrubbery and statuary he passed, had the uneasy charge of restlessness, like the calm before a terrible storm. The shadows of the distant skying Empresses intermingled with the immediate shadows of the looming gray columns and a suspended wing-structure high overhead, saturating the gardens with a heightening sense of doom. The gray marble columns, like huge guards standing at attention, grew large in Conor’s vision, splitting wider and wider apart, forming a dim corridor to a semicircular black mouth ready to devour anybody foolish enough to walk the cobblestone path leading up to it.
It was then that Maggie had a revelation.
“Espriella ...” she whispered impulsively. “Espriella! I know why she was crying that day in the palace! She was begging him not to do it—this. This was what she was crying about. Not Aedan being crowned the King of Vanerrincourt, but what he’s doing right now! This!”
“Yes, Margarita.”
“Where is Espriella now?”
“The king’s fiance is on board the Vanerrincourtian command vessel sailing out of harm’s way along Ae Infinitus.”
Luis hadn’t understood the question. Maggie chose not to press the issue. Instead she asked, “Aedan is going into the Temple to gain this ‘great power’—in order to defeat Necrolius?”
“He’s going because the premonitions urged him to go. He’s going because the premonitions—the intuitions they gave him—to this point had proved true. He’s going because his grandfather urged him to go—”
“—and break every treaty on Aquanus, to commit an act of aggression, of war? Doesn’t he need all those signatory nations to help him out against Necrolius? Isn’t this just defeating his cause? I mean, I have no idea how they’d find out—this entire place is deserted—but if they did—”
“They found out.”
“Of course they did! God knows how ... But besides all that, wouldn’t they view Aedan’s—the king’s—own audacity, his own arrogance, as no better than Necrolius’? Wouldn’t they believe him to be as bad as Necrolius? I mean, he’s a Mathematician too! And you said that the surrounding nations had been made aware of that by Trajan, and that was a large part of the reason for their rejecting him! They may very well think he’s in league with Necrolius! And here he is, making it worse for himself, practically confirming their fears! Is he crazy? What the hell is he doing?”
“He is trying to save the world, Margarita, from a bloodthirsty and cruel being, one who is, I must remind you, just a handful of days away from Vanerrincourtian shores.”
Maggie could hear the hint of anger in Luis’ voice, and decided at that point it would be best to shut up. She brought her attention fully to the scene before her.
The Temple Kentein Intersectum blocked out everything in Conor’s vision now. He was deep inside the gardens, and getting deeper with each lonely step. The foot of the long series of gray marble columns was just a dozen feet away. A large white bird with gray wings and black streaks through its unblinking eyes regarded him from atop the rectangular block of engraved white stone framing the first pair of columns. He glanced up at it, hesitating ... and then walked on. The bird took off over his head and swooped gracefully out of sight. A heavy silence had fallen over the gardens, as if the life here, which moments ago could be heard everywhere, had petrified in horror at what this man was about to do. Silence like an anvil: thick, violent, still, final.
Maggie could feel his heart hammering away in his neck, his breath shallow. Adrenaline surged like boiling acid through his veins. As he passed between the first pair of gray marble columns, he fixed his gaze straight ahead, his chin set, blocking out everything else around him. Only a hundred feet away now, the South Portal was black and malevolent, like staring into the gaping maw of death itself.
“Get ready, Margarita—and look down.”
Maggie glanced downward towards the cobblestone walkway.
“What the—?”
Conor Kieran’s body was fading out of existence. With each step he took, he became more and more transparent. But it wasn’t as simple as that: it was as though the king’s form was nothing more than white sparkling powder of some kind—those sparkles flashed bright every now and again—they looked oddly definite those moments, very strangely familiar: a periodless question mark with a curly-Q top—(why did that bother her so much?)—they blew back from his clothing, from his boots, from the chains over the armor at his midsection, from the studs that held them, from ... everything. It was as though the king had become a human comet hurling into the heart of a fiery star. Conor had noticed it too—he stopped for a moment, looking down on his person. The pink skin of his body was visible now, the red organs and white bones beneath; all were disintegrating, blowing back, even now as he stood there motionless and astounded, as though some transcendental wind was issuing from the deep mouth of the Portal just ahead. He abruptly hurried forward with great urgency, as if to face the consequences of his decision as quickly as possible; he was fading quickly now, fading ...—but—! so too the cobblestone walkway, the columns, the gardens—!
—and with that, and at the very foot of the Portal’s mouth, which now arched menacingly high overhead, and with a flash of agonizingly bright white light, Conor Kieran was thrust into complete darkness—
“LUUUIIIIIS—!”
It was just as though Maggie had stepped off the Grand Canyon in the dead of night. She was once again accelerating in free fall, to be smashed to jelly on unseen rocks beneath her. Conor must have felt the same thing as well, for he gave a huge “WHUFF!” and jerked violently against nothing at all. She could feel Conor’s sudden nausea—it rolled his stomach over, threatening to geyser up his gullet—and that made her feel like puking as well ...
“We must bear the fall, Margarita,” came the strangled reply from Luis. “Try to relax. It will be with us until we leave the Temple.”
Maggie was about to scream an obscenity-laced reply and demand to leave this vision at once, but Luis’ voice had stopped her. He was suffering just as she was; he was trying to be calm and courageous; the sound of his voice clearly indicated such (had he free-fallen with her those other times as well?).... He had brought her here for a very strong reason, he wouldn’t have done so otherwise.... 
(Didn’t he tell her what she was going to experience would affect her deeply? Was this awful sensation what he was talking about?)
She focused on her thoughts. It made the feeling of rushing uncontrollably downward lessen, if but a tiny, barely perceptible degree. Conor had stopped thrashing; his body was stiff as a statue, his muscles tightened to the point of physical agony.
A light ahead.
Not diffuse, not white—more like a distant rainbow shining in a lonely cave, very focused, rushing forward to greet them.
(Them, Maggie considered over her flipping stomach and vertigo. No, it’s just Aedan ... he doesn’t even know that I exist; I’m just here for the ride ... It’s just Aedan here, just Aedan, just Aedan....)
The rainbow was approaching at hellish speed—
She screamed, cowering—
When she dared open her eyes, she was confronted with a sight that made her forget about free falling completely.
Conor stood before another Portal the same exact size and shape as the silver-green one he had hurried towards just before he flashed out of existence; a portal—an archway—made of ...
... falling leaves.
The leaves were large and serrated and shaped like teardrops. They started green, blooming into existence over thickly entwined vines, shooting forth unnaturally quickly, spreading open, a dark, burnt green, the veins within them alive with rivers of flowing light. As the leaves matured, as they became brittle, as they fell, that light flooded through their forms, washing the burnt green away. They fell with a radiant spectrum of rich sunset colors, ever-changing and hyperreal, too beautiful to believe. They fell to the walkway beneath the Portal, where they seemed to simply sparkle away into nothingness.
Conor stood very stiffly, his form corporeal once more, and stared about himself for a long time. Behind was nothing but inky blackness. He gazed back into the Portal. His muscles ached from (Maggie suspected) tightly controlled panic, brought on by the constant, unnerving sensation of falling.
But panic and free falling were a distant second and third to the sight before her now. She stared straight ahead. The Portal before her looked like a postcard from heaven, God’s own walkway to Paradise.
And then she noticed it. Through an ever-descending veil of falling rainbow leaves, and perhaps a couple of hundred feet away, stood a tall wooden pedestal with something silverish on it.
“Luis,” she said, fighting to speak through a constricted throat, “what ... is down there ... on that pedestal?”
“Just watch, Margarita. You will know soon enough.”
Conor took a single step forward. There was the abrupt, even jarring sense of weight, of gravity, of solidity beneath his feet ... yet somehow the horrible feeling of free falling continued. Beneath the leaves wasn’t earth, wasn’t the silver-green walkway ... but more nothingness, sparkling nothingness.... Millions of sparkles blinking out of existence, forming a continuously shifting blanket of soft, dim, transparent white light. There was a very slight breeze, cool and scented like autumn, reminding Maggie of leaf piles and childhood walks across snow-dusted lawns browned by cold, and the hint of a fireplace burning nearby as dusk settled in. Millions of leaves continuously rustled, creating a dull, snapping roar like walking under a high forest canopy swaying in a cool breeze. She desperately wanted to reach out and capture a leaf—and was astonished when Conor reached out his hands at that exact moment, as though he had read her thoughts. She watched a glowing leaf flutter down to his open palms, its colors shifting visibly as it fell. It landed silently, along with another one.
He cradled the leaves gently. They were dry and prickly at their edges, but in the next moment they began melting like liquid wax ... melting through the very palms of his hands, dripping through the other side of them without feeling or sensation, almost as if he—or they—weren’t real. The glowing drops fell on leaves already melting at his feet, fell between them, losing color, bleaching away, sparkling white into millions of ... of ...
... And Maggie suddenly figured out just where she had seen that symbol before—the periodless question mark with a curly-Q top. Without thinking, without realizing she had spoken, she said, her voice an awed whisper: “Melody’s assignment, the proof ... the ... the aecxis....”
“Margarita?”
But she did not hear him. She heard only Conor’s words—words spoken as she and Melody and Yaeko walked to the Imperial Beach Pier:
“In all of creation, both here and on Aquanus—and everywhere, for that matter—everything: every person, every leaf on every tree, every rock and stone and pebble and grain of sand on the beach, every bird and beast, every breeze, every cloud, every star in the sky contains a Symbol of Being, an aecxis....”
“Margarita, are you okay?”
Maggie, wide-eyed, gawked around herself, for Conor had entered into the Portal and was now walking cautiously towards the pedestal. The leaves fell on him, but he didn’t bother noticing that they didn’t melt through him, as they had through his palms, but bounced off him to the sheet of sparkling white at his feet. Instead he ignored them; they crunched beneath his boots, creating little geometric patterns of rainbow shapes that bled aecxes before fading away.... The leaves lived, they died, they fell, they vanished.... They were nothing but aecxes, nothing but enormous collections of aecxes, aecxes just like the ones that made up Conor Kieran and the columns and the cobblestone walkway and the Portal and ...
“Margarita, please respond. Are you well?”
... and herself ... and Melody ... and Yaeko ... all aecxes, collections of aecxes, collections of collections of aecxes ...
“Margarita? Margarita?”
... everything: all of it: the world, the universe, reality itself ... not just atoms or molecules (were those collections of aecxes too? Did they melt away too?), but symbols, the Symbol of Being ... the Symbol ... of Being—
“Margarita, shall I end this vision?”
But a Symbol implies a Symbolizer, a ... a creator, a thinker ... a—a Thinker....
Luis shot off some rapid-fire Spanish, his voice thick with concern. And with that Maggie came abruptly back to herself. 
“N-No, Luis. I’m ... I’m ... I’m—okay.”
“Ay Dios mio! You frightened me, Margarita! You kept repeating, over and over again, ‘Every leaf on every tree, every leaf on every tree ...’ I was afraid I had lost you. Are you sure you are well enough to continue?”
“I—I’m sure, Luis. What ... what is this book?”
(... a Thinker ... a Thinker ...)
Conor had walked the entire length of the Portal without her being aware of it, and was now approaching the wooden pedestal. A pedestal, as it turned out, that supported a thick book with silver pages in it. The book lay opened. She noticed that the same sparkling white light under the melting leaves surrounded the pedestal’s base, and was under Conor’s feet. But here there were no leaves.
“Luis?”
“I will answer your question in a moment. For now, watch.”
Conor stood at the pedestal, which came up to his midsection, the thick silver-paged tome at his grasp. The pedestal beneath it appeared to be made of oak or something similar, and had no visible markings on it. He glanced up. He stood under a deep blue circular dome full of bright, twinkling stars. He turned around. The Portal of Falling Leaves was twenty feet behind him. He turned back to the pedestal. Twenty feet in front of it started a new Portal; to his left and right were similar Portals the same distance away. He studied each, and very carefully, as though worried something might come barreling through them at any minute. Through the sunset veil of falling leaves, the end of each was the same thing: a semicircle of complete blackness.
He brought his attention back to the book.
The book lay opened before him, probably midway through its considerably numerous pages. The two pages he stared at now were filled with his image staring up at him. The pages were mirrors.
He went to leaf through them. On preceding pages—which as it turned out weren’t mirrors, simply silver-colored pages—were the images of people, men and women and even the odd teenaged boy or girl, images of people staring downward, just as he was now. The right-facing pages, at least past the one with his reflection in it, weren’t pages at all, but a solid block of silver carved to look like pages. When he flipped back to the pictures of people, he stopped, startled: the pictures had changed. He tried it again, marking his place to be sure. He flipped back to a picture—what was an angry-looking woman with a high black Mohawk and war paint: it was now a gaunt-faced boy with a crisscross of thin pink scars under his chin. He flipped away, then back again—and now it was a stout, fierce-eyed man with a huge bronze crown on his head.
Conor’s breath was very shallow. When he flipped back to the pages that reflected his face, he got an even greater shock: a feather quill was now lying in the crease where moments ago it had not existed. And now words were forming in the middle of the left mirror-page:
Who are you?
After a long time he reached cautiously for the quill, bringing it up to eye level, inspecting it. Then he gazed down at the book. His heart was pounding so hard that Maggie was afraid it was going to seize. Her own was thumping in her ears. Together they sounded like an amateur rhythm section only occasionally able to keep time with each other.
Conor abruptly put the tip of the quill on the right-facing page, ready to write (Maggie was certain he was about to pen his own name: Kieran Conor), and then just as abruptly lifted it back up again. He glanced down each Portal again, glanced upward at the stars. Was he looking for ... someone? But no one was here besides him. After another extended period of inaction he went back to studying the left-facing page and the words
Who are you?
He studied the question with an intent that awed her. She could feel it somehow, could feel the power of his indomitable will, could sense the penetrating depths of his concentration.
He surprised her by suddenly jabbing the point of the quill straight down on the right-facing page, which was, most startlingly, now an actual page. He wrote swiftly. Maggie noticed that even now, even with fear pouring through his heart and the ever-present sense of falling, even now his hand was steady and sure.
He wrote:
I do not know who I am.
“The greatest souls always answer the same way.”
Conor jerked to his right. The voice had sounded directly in that ear. Maggie screamed—



Chapter 29
Eleysius and His Mighty Talisman
With inhuman speed that blurred Maggie’s vision, Conor pivoted right, taking two instinctive steps backward, his arms raised protectively in front of him, coming to rest a split-second later in a wide fighting stance. His heart jackhammered in his ears, up his neck, down his back. 
A tall, powerfully built black man was approaching him from the East Portal of Falling Leaves, walking steadily, his midnight-blue robes beautiful against the backdrop of sunset foliage falling all around him. He stepped from the portal into the circular area that contained the pedestal and book, regarding Conor curiously, his dark eyes wide and penetrating, his mouth almost smiling. He held a vine leaf in his right hand, held it by its stem—a leaf that wasn’t shifting colors or melting away.
“Who are ye?” demanded Conor; and Maggie felt a rush of excitement quite unconnected with her fear steal through her. That strong Irish voice came in stereo, crystal clear and resonant, a deep rumble that rolled like thunder through her being and was gone. Conor held to his fighting stance.
The black man stepped to the other side of the pedestal, his eyes still fixed on Conor’s. He stared back, moving to stay facing the mysterious stranger, who stopped and held up the vine leaf, studying it, clearly unconcerned about his defensive posture.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” said the stranger; and at that exact moment the leaf, as if on cue, started melting, dripping into the stranger’s other hand, which he had brought up under it. “A great mystery, light. Wondrous. Miraculous. Did you know it is really two things, two contradictory things? It can be a wave, a great wave ...” He touched the now-leafless stem into the sunset liquid that had pooled in his palm and the liquid abruptly rose up, appearing as a churning ocean wave, cresting white and blue; “... or a comet, racing with unimaginable speed across the skies ...” He touched the little stem into the wave and it was suddenly a bright comet, its tail a dissipating veil over the thick silver book, the tiny head like a brilliant yellow star inches above his palm. “But the real mystery is this”—he watched the comet, fascinated—“the skies are your mind, and you get to decide—” 
The man flicked the stem, and the comet flew like a bullet into Conor’s chest with a hard and painful thud. It exploded in a smoky bloom of sunset colors, sparkled out of existence. Maggie coughed at the same time Conor did. The comet had struck metal under his clothing, she was sure of it. It stung fiercely, a dense, rigid circle made instantly unbearably hot. She was certain Conor was going to reach for it and tear it away; but, maddeningly, he did no such thing, merely sucking in air between his clenched teeth, his upper lip curling involuntarily.  Maggie, meanwhile, shrieked in pain, clutching spasmodically for her chest, which, as much as it felt as though it existed here in Conor’s soul, did not.
“Luis!” she yelled. “Luis!”
But her guide had fallen silent.
The pain was beyond belief, like being branded by a cherry-red iron. She thrashed helplessly.
“LUIS!”
Nothing.
“LUIS!”
She was whimpering and grabbing at her nonexistent upper torso when Conor abruptly came out of his stance, standing straight. The burning metal (a pendant?) under his clothing came reluctantly unstuck from the flesh of his chest, falling forward and away. 
Maggie wept with relief. The flesh of her own skin felt cauterized. She could smell burning meat and scorched hair—
“Luis, goddamn you, take me out of here! LUIS!—”
The robed man moved abruptly, bringing his arms to his sides, still staring curiously at Conor, scrutinizing him, staring straight into his eyes, silencing Maggie with terror. He circled around the pedestal with the fluid motion of a black leopard, coming to within inches of Conor’s face. She was amazed by the king’s courage: having somehow realized the futility of defending himself against this sorcerer, he still refused to flinch even a millimeter. The stranger came closer ... and then even closer.... He was practically touching Conor’s nose with his own....
And then he smiled. Smiled broadly and genuinely.
—And Maggie, who a second ago was swimming in excruciating pain and blinding fear, forgot her anguish. For she was absolutely certain that that smile, quite impossibly, wasn’t meant for Conor Kieran at all.
“Who am I?” asked the dark man, still smiling, still an inch away. “Who am I?” His eyes grew huge. “I do not know either.”
He turned and walked away, orbiting the pedestal and Conor, watching the king steadily. Conor stared back, turning to keep him squarely in his sight, still ignoring the circle of blistering agony on his chest.
“You live here?” Conor asked, his voice low and metallic, tense with anger, tinged with stinging pain.
The sorcerer laughed. “I don’t just live here, human—” he held up his arms as though embracing the world, looking around wondrously—“I am here.”
“You ... are the Temple?” demanded Conor.
“... and much more.”
Conor waited. But the stranger didn’t seem to be in a hurry to elaborate.
“What is your name?” the man asked, coming to a halt beside the pedestal.
“What is yours?” Conor shot back.
The sorcerer’s cheeks lifted into a mischievous grin.
“My name is Eleysius. That is my human designation. I shall ask again: What is your name?” 
The grin vanished.
Maggie held her breath. She knew instantly that, like the question Who are you? which had appeared on the silver page, the answer was important. Was deadly important.
But Conor had three names: his Aquanian name, Aedan Chaundran, given by his adopted mother Kathlin, the daughter of King Exeter; his kingly title—Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I; and his given name, Kieran Conor, conferred upon him at birth—on Earth.
The tall black man patiently waited. He fingered the pages of the silver book absentmindedly.
Conor spoke quietly, and much sooner than Maggie thought he would. He answered:
“My name ... is Kieran Conor.”
Though still compulsively focused on the sharp burning sensation mid-chest, Maggie smiled. She could feel it in his being at that moment: she had prayed he would not betray it: not that name. Above even his kingly title, that name seemed to enliven his entire soul.
“Kieran Conor, do you fear death?”
“No.”
He had answered immediately.
Eleysius studied him. Nodded. Said: “What, pray tell, do you fear? Or shall you lie to me now and tell me you fear nothing?”
Conor went to answer, hesitated.
“I fear ...” He took a deep breath. “I fear ... not living.”
Eleysius’ eyes glittered gently, malevolently. “Remove your shirt.”
The king held still for a second. Then he disrobed down to his pants (the small engraved black rectangle-with-chains at his midsection was not armor), tossing his undershirt and hooded tunic to the luminescent floor, standing moments later before Eleysius bare-chested, save for a single circular silver medallion hanging over his chest. The skin beneath the medallion was burned blood-raw red. It was blistering as Maggie watched. 
Conor Kieran’s chest was sculpted, rock-hard and trim, his sternum a two-inch-wide vertical valley covered in a tangle of wiry black hair with traces of white in it. The hot medallion had scorched some of that hair away; its still-slight contact with his chest was sheer torture. Conor’s torso tapered to a wide black cloth belt holding up his trousers; his stomach, while not washboard-flat like that of a young man’s, still made Maggie think of a padded iron cage.
Eleysius came to face the king again. Standing uncomfortably close, he reached for the medallion, lifting it away from Conor’s chest with his index finger. Maggie stared at it: it was a mold, a metal ring, what looked like a fierce dragon curling captive inside an engraved circle. She couldn’t read the engraving; the characters were in an alien language, little more than hieroglyphics.
“The Emasculatum,” said Eleysius heavily. “So many mysteries you humans have yet to fathom. But why consider mysteries when you can control people with a round piece of aecxal metal? You wear this proudly, do you?”
“I wear it voluntarily,” answered Conor.
The sorcerer nodded encouragingly. “You’ve been well trained.”
“Yes.”
“Like a good dog.” 
Eleysius stared hard into Conor’s eyes.
Maggie could hear the edge in his voice. “Like a good man.”
“Is there such an animal?”
When the king didn’t respond, the dark man pressed:
“Who is your Master, dog? Whom do you beg before? What is his or her name?”
She could feel Conor Kieran struggling to maintain his temper. It felt like pincers tightening over the bridge of his nose. He answered tersely, “My Tesche is Malesherbes Quartermane.”
“A Mathematician too?”
“A warrior.”
“Warriors can’t be Mathematicians?”
“Not this one.”
“And you?”
“I was both once. I wear the Emasculatum to honor and enforce an Oath.”
“Oath?”
“Not to harm other beings, accidentally or purposely, using my powers. I took it voluntarily, as I said. I wear the pendant freely.”
The powerful black man eyed the king for a time, his face inscrutable. Without changing a single muscle in his face to indicate emotion, he said, slowly, enunciating each syllable:
“Pathetic.”
He turned and began walking away. Stopped. Without looking back, he ordered:
“Remove it.”
Maggie’s heart jolted. Luis had told her about the Emasculatum: a Bound Mathematician who removed his own was committing suicide. But Maggie was in Conor Kieran’s soul: if he died here, would she die too?
This is the past, the past, she gulped furiously, trying not to panic. That smile meant nothing—NOTHING! ... I’m watching what happened in the past; Aedan lives, he LIVES!—
She went to scream Luis’ name as the king slowly reached up with his right hand and grabbed the still-warm pendant; but before she could yell Conor had yanked stiffly down and away on it, snapping the chain about his neck in half. As though in disbelief, he held the Emasculatum up in his open palm, inspecting it.
The ever-present sound of falling leaves suddenly seemed far more pronounced. A long moment passed.
Eleysius had turned back around. He regarded the king with an approving nod.
“You are in my soul, Kieran Conor,” he said. “My soul. In my soul the puny powers of such a trifling instrument amount to nothing. While you are in the Temple you are part of me. The Emasculatum could never claim you here. You are now free of it—and your precious Oath.”
Conor took in a deep breath of air, as if to convince himself he could. He held the broken necklace in his palm, at chin level, holding it steadily, silently. Slowly, his fingers closed over it until Maggie felt the metal bite into the soft flesh of them. Deep in Conor’s gut intense doubt and guilt-tinted uncertainty waged a savage battle with joy and heady, almost ecstatic freedom. He kept his closed fist in the air. Maggie knew the gesture had nothing whatever to do with defiance or pride.
“You want me to fight.” He glanced at the sorcerer. “You know why I’m here.”
Eleysius shook his head. “No, Kieran Conor,” he said. “Fighting isn’t enough, isn’t nearly enough. I want you to utterly vanquish the black cancer that is now swarming over my world. That will take much, much more than mere fighting.”
He approached the king. Grabbed his closed fist. “The war you will wage—that fight you speak of—is ultimately your own, Mathematician. It is within you. Just accept who you are, and the battle will be won. This Oath you took has no meaning to you from this day forward. You must accept, Kieran Conor ...” He removed the pendant from Conor’s palm, which had opened. “You must accept. Become who you are.”
The two men stood facing each other.
“You sent the premonitions?” asked Conor, slowly lowering his arm.
Eleysius shook his head indifferently.
“Who did?”
“I do not know, human, who sent them. Or if anyone at all sent them.” He pocketed the broken Emasculatum, then turned and stared at the thick silver book on the pedestal. He reached out and started flipping through its pages. “Human souls are unique,” he said, “very unique. Every sentient race on Aquanus shares a single collective soul. All except humans. Human beings are different. Individual—yet connected. A great sea wave—but also a fiery comet. It happens, though quite rarely, that some human souls are granted for an exceedingly short time the ability to ‘see’ the future. When two very great human spirits come into contact with one another, on especially rare occasions one is sent like a shooting star into the Eternal One, where, misons above the mundanity of their temporal existence, they can see what may be. More often than not, such communions occur during times of great trouble and strife. But human beings are infinitely fallible, and often what is ‘seen’ on those fantastic voyages is little more than a mirage, or completely misinterpreted. Human brains are not as a rule sufficiently powerful to understand or piece together such probabilistic sights and visions,” said Eleysius dismissively. “Do tell: Who was the other spirit in this holy coupling?”
“My grandfather. The King of Vanerrincourt.”
“He’s the one who had the premonitions?”
“We both did.”
This seemed to impress the dark man, who nodded. “Even rarer. Almost unheard of. And you both saw or felt the same things?”
It was Conor Kieran’s turn to nod.
“And what of your grandfather?” said Eleysius. “Why didn’t he come instead of you? Sending the younger and abler grandson to certain death seems rather calculating to me.”
“He was preparing for his own death. And as I already told you, sorcerer, I am not afraid of death. Take me if you must, but I will not fear you. Your threats are tiresome. Are four tests not adequate, or is your brain not sufficiently powerful to understand such courage?”
Eleysius turned. His eyes burned bright with outrage for a second—and then he burst out laughing. Conor stayed silent. Maggie could feel the pincers over the bridge of his nose becoming evermore viselike and insistent. When the sorcerer finally quietened, he held up a finger, motioning the king to him. “Come here, Kieran Conor.”
Conor stepped forward. The breezes from the Portals caressed the bare flesh of his chest, giving him chills. Giving Maggie chills. The sizzling pain of the Emasculatum made them worse. She huddled into herself. Conor rose over the silver book, which Eleysius had turned to and was now studying.
“Your other victims?” asked Conor brusquely.
“They were victims before they ever entered here. Victims of their own craven foolishness. Your grandfather—he has perished?”
He nodded curtly.
“You are the king of your country now?”
Another nod.
“Leaders are very rarely great souls,” observed Eleysius. “Most are little more than ravenous swine. The Book is full of just such.” He turned the pages, staring downward with a contemptuous apathy more menacing than hate. The faces stared up at them, two at a time, and were buried in their turn. “The greatness—or weakness—of a man’s soul is entirely his own choice, Kieran Conor. The weak or shallow soul cannot withstand the power of the Temple, of my spirit. They ... melt away.”
Conor peered into the West Portal, watched the leaves descend and dissolve into sparkling nothingness. Eleysius turned a page, and Conor glanced down at a woman with a cruel, weathered face glaring back up at him. “Those souls who seek power for themselves die here, King of Vanerrincourt. Their lack is their fatal flaw. On the other hand, the very rare souls who genuinely seek my power for the benefit of others, for their people, for their world, these spirits live. They already have enough power for themselves. Their spirits are in no danger from me.” Eleysius brought his gaze to the man next to him. “You did not come seeking power for yourself, Kieran Conor. Your spirit is too potent for such a trivial, passing, meaningless pursuit. You came to save a world. Your world. My world. Therefore, you will not perish. At least ... not by my hand.”
“That cancer you spoke of seeks the same power I do.”
“Do share: What is the cancer’s name?”
“He goes by many names. But the cancer’s true name is Necrolius Anaxagorius.”
“He seeks more than the power you seek, Kieran Conor. Far more. The cancer survives by consuming souls. Yet he himself is soulless. His power comes from those most unfortunate people who fall victim to his cold clutches. He sucks the life from them, like a horrid human parasite. He claims their spirit—and then uses it to power his unexistence, the shell of his still-mortal body.” Eleysius walked back to the East Portal, peered inside it. Without turning back to face Conor, he added: “The captured souls suffer beyond anything you can imagine. This you must know. It will not be easy for you to accept.”
“What else does Necrolius Anaxagorius want, if not power?”
“You have misunderstood me. Like almost every leader, power is all he seeks, is all he is capable of seeking. Be clear on that. But where you want the power I will grant you shortly, the cancer seeks much more. You see, he seeks to consume my soul as well.”
The tall black man returned to the king, his robes sweeping behind him. He waited while Conor Kieran absorbed that thought. Then he whispered, “Do you understand what would happen if this Necrolius Anaxagorius were somehow able to consume ... me?”
The king held very still. Maggie could feel him breathing, could feel that concentration that had awed her earlier. “But if he is soulless,” Conor asked, “would he not be destroyed instantly when he entered this Temple? Entered you?”
“No. The fact that he is soulless protects him from me. Ironic, isn’t it? His own soul perished long ago. It must have, for him to amass the horrible power he now commands. The spirits he consumes are held in an eternal void more terrible than hell itself. I would be unable to reach them—or him. There is no ‘him’ in reality to reach.”
Conor listened.
“Necrolius Anaxagorius knows he cannot consume me directly, all at once,” said Eleysius. “This is not his plan.”
“What is his plan?”
“His plan is to destroy the Temple. Since I am not human, he will have to consume me piecemeal, one shattered block at a time; he must have devised a method by which he could do so and not imperil himself. The decaying remains of my physical form would still contain my soul. Consuming each piece separately, he would in short order become invincible, unstoppable. Do you understand the implications of this, King of Vanerrincourt?”
The burn on the king’s chest—on Maggie’s chest—the chill air, the free-falling sensation, the constant low roar of shifting and falling foliage—all were completely blanked out now in their shared concentration.
Conor said, “The Black Coffin would destroy the power you possess in order to eliminate any possible challenge to his own power; and he would consume your soul in order to claim—”
“—any world he wishes,” finished Eleysius quietly. “Any world at all.” A single eyebrow lifted as he stared intensely into the king’s eyes. “Including the world of your birth.”
“Earth,” breathed Conor.
“All that abundant life. All those sentient human souls. Your home world has become quite crowded with them, Kieran Conor. The cancer would not stop here, on Aquanus; not with such extraordinary power at his command.” He added: “There are many other worlds as well....”
“But if Necrolius destroys this world in his need to consume, and if he destroys Earth and the other worlds he is able to reach, would he not ultimately destroy himself? Is not such a course of action insane?”
“It is why I call him a cancer,” replied Eleysius. “Cancer invades a body and kills it, which of course kills it, the cancer, in the end. Do not be surprised by this, human. As we speak, Earth is being destroyed, knowingly destroyed, by millions upon millions of your fellow Gaians, who do so merely for profit, status, and power. They suffer from their own form of spiritual cancer, freely chosen, perversely self-inflicted. Deep in their weak and withering spirits they understand the inevitable consequences of their actions—and yet they continue to consume, to ravage, to plunder the very thing that sustains them and gives them life. They are like black leeches sucking the lifeblood from an infant, each, in his or her own way, just like this Necrolius Anaxagorius we speak of. You shall see for yourself soon enough, if all goes according to plan.”
“Plan?”
But the dark stranger only nodded.
“I do not understand, sorcerer,” said Conor Kieran with biting impatience in his voice. “If you are so powerful, why not annihilate that bloody cancer right now and spare millions of innocent lives? My people are fleeing! Most will almost certainly be put to the Gyssian sword! Most of this world will be! If you are so powerful, finish him now and be done with it!”
“I am fighting back, Kieran Conor,” said Eleysius. “I am fighting back in the very best way possible.”
“How?” angrily demanded the king.
“You came to me, Kieran Conor. You of quite substantial gifts. You, the ruler of a country. You with the courage to enter the Temple knowing how very few have ever left it. You with the soul powerful enough to withstand my own. I expected no one. I fully expected to die in the foul grasp of the cancer. And yet, here you are: one of perhaps a handful of human souls strong enough to be here. Who knew to come here. Such a mystery is human greatness. Such a mystery is your miraculous capacity for love and understanding, for connection and empathy, for mercy and justice. In times of great evil, it seems less dumb luck than divine ordinance that great men often find themselves in circumstances which allow them to confront that evil directly and potently.”
Eleysius faced the king, straightening proudly to his full height. He said:
“You, Kieran Conor, King of Vanerrincourt, shall be the hilt of the sword that swipes the head free of the shoulders of the cancer known as Necrolius Anaxagorius.”
And with that Eleysius lifted the broken Emasculatum from the deep pocket of his midnight-blue robes. Except it was no longer broken ... and it was no longer an Emasculatum.
Eleysius held it up between them. The silver chain dangling from his hand was mending, reclasping. Aecxes flashed tiny-white around the closing break. The pendant itself was completely different. Instead of a captive dragon circling inside the prison of a closed, engraved circle, the medallion was now a snake with ruby-red eyes coiling in a circle around a spiny-backed lizard, also with ruby-red eyes, one that clung to the snake’s underbelly with vicious long claws. Aside from the cresting spines on the lizard’s back, the hole in the middle of the pendant was roughly circular. Conor stared at the necklace, but he did not reach for it.
The dark sorcerer said, “There is a seed in your pocket. An aecxal seed. The seed of an Eternitus Rose. I sensed it when you entered the Temple. Give it to me.”
Conor Kieran held fast for a moment, as if weighing the possible consequences of obeying Eleysius’ orders; but then he reached into his trousers pocket, producing a small, flat black box with a small dome in its center, a box with beautiful and elaborate gold webbing over its cover. Maggie stared: that box looked very familiar....
The king opened it. He reached for the only object inside the red-lined interior, a marble-sized object, cradling it in the palm of his hand. Maggie gawked: the seed of an Eternitus Rose (the incredible roses lining the magnificent corridor at the coronation? she wondered excitedly) was like a living, lustrous pearl, like a tiny crystal ball filled with pure manna, milky and utterly wondrous in its diminution. When Conor hefted it in his palm, the warmth that fed through it and into Maggie’s being not only took away her chills, not only soothed the incessant pain of the burn from the Emasculatum, but filled her with heady, spacious hope ... and a song: a symphony, a melody, beautifully intimate, the song of an entire lifetime, the lifetime of that hope, hope that reflected in her dark eyes, in the Pacific sunset, in her humming, in her slight smile, in—in his smile, the smile not meant for Conor Kieran....
Eleysius grasped the seed between two fingers, inspected it. Conor said, “The seed is symbolic to my people. The Eternitus Rose produces only one seed during its lifetime, in the very early stages of its existence. It is presented to a monarch during his or her coronation. The new king or queen plants it along the Corridore Monarcha. It symbolizes his or her reign.”
Queried the dark sorcerer, “Why didn’t you plant yours?”
The king’s voice was iron. “There was no point in it. Why give gold and jewels to a condemned man?”
For the first time, Eleysius’ eyes held the hint of pain in them.
He said:
“This seed, King of Vanerrincourt, is more precious than you can possibly imagine. The future is never set. But allow me to predict this much: This seed will be planted someday—precisely because you are not condemned. You have chosen differently for yourself. Search a thousand gatherings with a thousand men at each, and in your journeys you would be fortunate to find even one other human being who would have the courage or presence of mind to make the same choices, Kieran Conor, that you have. For most of your kind live in perpetual fear, shackled in chains of their own making, comfortably yoked by their own cowardice, asleep in their endless willing servitude. And so I will boldly predict and proclaim that the Rose that shall spring forth from this seed shall symbolize far more than just royalty, far more than the changing of one moldy old guard for another. In the end, and by the nature of your spirit, it will bear your glory and your courage as well. It will grow as a living testament that true nobility can never visit the servile, the puerile, or the weak; nor can it lodge with the parasitic, the power-hungry, or the greedy. This will be your legacy, King of Vanerrincourt. Do you believe this?”
After a time Conor whispered, “I know I want to.”
Maggie felt crippling hopelessness settle in her being. She wasn’t sure if it was the king’s or hers. The longer she stayed in his soul, the more she understood him, the more she felt her life energy becoming his life energy, the more she wanted to help him, to see him succeed.
“That will be sufficient for now,” stated Eleysius simply.
The black man grasped the pendant and gently centered the Eternitus Seed inside the medallion’s roughly circular gap. The seed suddenly flared like a lighthouse beacon—Eleysius released it—and Maggie watched as tiny green tendrils reached from its milky-white orb towards the spiny back of the metal lizard. But the tendrils didn’t quite seem to reach it: the gap was half a millimeter and alight with tiny aecxes flashing in and out of existence. Startlingly, the silver metal came suddenly to life: the lizard’s and the snake’s frightening ruby-red eyes softened from stone to flesh; the snake curled about the lizard; the lizard, with the spines on its back loose and moving independently, crawled over the underbelly of the snake.
“The Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm,” said Eleysius.
He eyed the king. “In eighteen thousand years of written Aquanian history, it has never gone to its new bearer as an instrument of war, of death, of destruction. Four have worn it before you. To those heroes it went as a shining talisman of harmony and healing. This is a very tragic, very dark time indeed. Necrolius Anaxagorius expects to destroy a talisman of peace, of love, of life. Woe to him that its fifth bearer dons death’s own jewelry.”
Maggie gaped at the pendant known as the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm. 
Eleysius said: “Kneel, Kieran Conor.”
The king went down to a knee, clasping his hands over the other thigh, his chin up, his head still. Eleysius stared down on him, and then reached around Conor’s head, placing the necklace around his neck. When the pendant, which felt alive and warm, touched the burn, the injury instantly healed. Maggie gave a great heaving sigh of relief; and then she shuddered with pleasure: for it felt right then as though her lungs had become infinite, the intensely satisfying breath of the world itself. She was certain that the king felt it too; she could feel the power that breath gave rouse his entire being.
It was difficult to concentrate on Eleysius, who was saying:
“The Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm is only as powerful as the soul of its bearer, King of Vanerrincourt. The more powerful your spirit becomes, the more powerful it becomes. It is therefore worthless in the hands of most men. It is a magnifying glass, taking the sunshine of your practiced powers and focusing it to a devastating point. Wear this into battle, Kieran Conor, and the dragon mother Satelemark herself shall bow before you. Become who you truly are, Gaian Warrior, and the blades you wield shall sing with neverending sharpness. Cut the world with those blades and it shall fall into two pieces. Slash the enemies that now ooze like a rancid disease over Aquanus and they shall not even feel the kiss of the cold steel that kills them. Raise your hands, Mathematician, hands overflowing with the Eternal Symbol of Being, and the magnifying power of the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm shall move whole worlds. Never forget this: the greater you become, the greater the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm becomes. Become a corrupted spirit, and the power of the talisman shall corrupt along with you, rendering it worthless. Become who you are—Kieran Conor. Honor who you are—Aedan Chaundran.” Eleysius nodded knowingly, slowly. “Serve all who raise their sails in defense of your cause—Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus the First. Do these things, and hope shall survive.” 
He cocked his head, and Maggie watched as he smiled that unnerving smile again. 
He said, “Hope like a spring ... melody. Hope ... like the wishes and dreams of an innocent young girl. Hope ... like the eternal breath of an entire living world. Do you understand this first charge, Kieran Conor?”
The king looked up and quietly said, “Become who I am.”
“Rise and clothe yourself,” Eleysius ordered.



Chapter 30
Three More Charges and a Bedtime Story
As Conor Kieran buttoned his shirt and pulled the Vanerrincourtian-colored hooded tunic over his head, Maggie recoiled with the sheer enormity of what was facing Aedan Conor, geometry teacher, all those upcoming years on Earth: for that exact enormity now loomed like a dreadful black wall over very own daughter, though in what capacity she had no idea and was too terrified to consider, too terrified to hear. Eleysius’ words had been absolutely unmistakable, his smile more so. Maggie told herself—again—that she was watching the past, that Aedan Conor had already faced that enormity, had somehow overcome it. That it was now Melody’s turn to do the same. And with that the sense of infinite breath sank into a bottomless trench of stormy panic.
The young king, fully dressed, faced the sorcerer.
“The Red Talon has been born,” said Eleysius darkly. His lips were loose with a smile, his eyes forbidding, alarming.
Conor said, “There is another task you would charge me with?”
The black man wheeled about, strode purposefully to the other side of the pedestal. “There are three more,” he said. “Step away from the Book, hatchling.”
Conor took four hasty steps backward.
The sorcerer spoke loudly and severely. “Today I, Eleysius, Seventh Samanlainen Guardian of the Aquanian Intersectum, shall cease to exist. The Temple this day shall become a corpse. To thwart this Necrolius Anaxagorius from his ultimate prize, and to save this world and the worlds the Four Tangents touch, you, Conor Kieran, King of Vanerrincourt, are hereby charged as the Protector of my soul.”
He glanced at the king. “I shall provide you with a lure the Black Coffin cannot resist.” He reached his hands out from his body, palms up and touching over the silver book. “I shall die human.”
A great rushing sound suddenly drowned out the gentle snapping, rustling roar from the Portals. Startling gusts of cold wind from all four blew simultaneously into him and the king, flipping the pages of the Book of Countenances; and in an instant the men were surrounded by flying leaves, millions of leaves, an angry swirling tornado of leaves, leaves that spun higher and higher into the placid dome of twinkling stars, blotting them out. From an unseen apex high overhead they streaked straight down towards Eleysius’ open palms, where a small but slowly expanding sphere of flashing-white aecxes formed. The noise was deafening. Eleysius’ face had disappeared behind the tight stream of sunset foliage diving into the growing sphere; the bright light made the roaring tornado about them even more terrifying, adding a surreal lunarlike tint to the shifting colors. The view was like standing within a kaleidoscope cranked by a madman. Conor stood still as a statue, watching, the chill wind whistling about his form, curling past his face and up over his head. Maggie could still hear Eleysius’ prophetic, poetic words ringing throughout her being, could still weakly feel the breath of a whole world attempting to fill her clenched spirit. 
The leaf tornado whipped around them a long time before the leaves abruptly disappeared, the last of them feeding into the aecxal sphere over the sorcerer’s palms. The silence that followed was sudden and just as alarming as the tornado. The sphere above Eleysius’ palms had become bright as the noon sun, brilliant, blinding. It detonated with a single, final, actinic blast of white light; and when she finished blinking away the teary afterimage, she saw the dark man cradling a magnificent cerulean globe of pure radiance. Its light was fantastic; it seemed more like water than light, cascading over his palms and down to the floor, which had gone pitch dark. Conor Kieran stared at it, and then at Eleysius behind it, whose face was bleached and eerie in its glow.
A face that had visibly changed.
Eleysius had aged. His eyes had set back in his skull; his cheekbones had sharpened and lifted, his cheeks hollowed; his full, wide mouth had thinned. His body too, while still powerfully built, had clearly lost the masculine tension of virility and vitality that had suffused him just moments ago. His stance had changed: gone was its guiltless effrontery and challenge. He seemed held up now by a rooted and unbending prudence, an oak not a willow, the firm stance of a Greek or Roman philosopher holding forth.
The terrifying sense of free falling was much less pronounced, though it was still present: a fast-descending elevator car instead of a headlong drop off the side of a miles-tall cliff. Maggie stared at the sorcerer, feeling a sharp stab of pity for him. The blue light sent shivers of cascading radiance downward silently, beautifully. She glanced into the Portals. They were black, lightless, dead.
When Eleysius spoke, it was apparent that it hadn’t been just his face that had changed. His voice was now deeper, softer, gentler. He said, “What I once gave in life could only be returned in life. The Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm has been given to you in death, Kieran Conor. Do you understand what this means?”
“Yes,” said Conor gravely.
“Life for life, death for death. Will it any other way, and its next bearer shall not dispense death with it, but will become Death incarnate, terrible and unanswerable. Never forget this.”
Conor nodded silently.
“The tragedy of your task, Kieran Conor, and the fact that the great talisman I once crafted to bring life, transmuted now to deliver death, leads me to give my spirit a name. Henceforward it shall be known as the Eleysian Teardrop.”
He released his hands from under it. His soul, the Eleysian Teardrop, floated serenely before him.
He said: “The Eternitus Seed container. Give it to me.”
Conor handed the small gold-webbed box to him. Eleysius brought it under the light, opened it. The box, along with his hands, disappeared in the Teardrop’s blue radiance. He closed the container’s top. The room went suddenly very dark, save for Eleysius himself and the wooden pedestal with the Book of Countenances resting atop it. Both seemed to be glowing and standing on nothing at all, as if in deepest, darkest space. Maggie wondered if Conor was glowing as well. She looked down on his form. He was, but not nearly as brightly.
The sorcerer handed the box back to him, who held it up, studied it. The container gave off no heat or even a hopeful glow. Eleysius’ soul had been shuttered completely inside its confines. The king hefted the box for another moment, and then pocketed it without fanfare.
“Protect the Teardrop with your life, King of Vanerrincourt. The Black Coffin, as you call him, cannot consume it directly, but it would be an easy matter to transform it to an ordinary candle flame, and from there to blow it out. The Black Coffin would then need only inhale the residual smoke to consume my power. Only three acts of free will from a pure soul would be required for this to happen: the act of possession of the Teardrop, the act of transforming it to flame, and, lastly, the act of blowing that flame out of existence.”
Eleysius’ hair had streaks of gray in it now; his face was becoming increasingly weathered, with deepening wrinkles forming around his dark eyes; a man in his late sixties, perhaps.
Conor asked, “The act of transforming your soul to flame—just how easy would that be?”
The rapidly aging sorcerer shrugged.
“Very easy, really. It would not even require an act of conscious choice, of that pure soul knowing what he or she was doing. A simple act of deception would be sufficient, self-administered or otherwise. Understand this, human: the smoke from the extinguished flame would contain such power as you cannot conceive. If the cancer should inhale it, consume it ...”
Conor let that thought sink in. Maggie could feel the cold dread rise up within him. “A pure soul ...” he considered. “If your feelings about human beings hold true, there aren’t many of those around.”
“There are in fact a great many of them. They hold the hope of all worlds, Kieran Conor. Your kind calls them children.”
The king said nothing.
“There is just enough of my spirit left in the Temple to aid you in your task, Kieran Conor. For in these last moments of my life I shall corrupt this remnant of my spirit. When Necrolius Anaxagorius comes to claim me, he will consume deception and decrepitness. He will know that I ended my life as a human; and he will discover snippets of the truth I am telling you. But those truths will be weak and uncertain. This should give you some time. But do not underestimate him!”
“What shall I do with your soul?”
Eleysius was noticeably thinner now, and slightly bent from swiftly advancing age. He walked around the pedestal to the king, the unhurried stride of an elderly wise man. He clasped Conor’s right hand in both of his own. His touch was firm and warm. Just a few moments ago he was easily as tall as Conor; now he seemed several inches shorter. The contrast made Maggie ache. He said, “You are going to go home, Kieran Conor. You are going back to Earth—and it is there that you shall wait. Do you understand your second charge, King of Vanerrincourt?”
“Yes,” answered Conor tersely. “I am to be the Protector of your soul. But what is it I will be waiting for on Earth? How do I cross the Eastern Tangent to get back?”
Eleysius looked up at him. His smile was honest and soft, that of a patient parent with an impetuous and impatient child.
“I shall answer your questions shortly. There is yet time.” He patted Conor’s hand. “While my hearing lasts, I wish to know about a very particular pure soul: a soul that somehow remained pure even in the face of great tragedy and intractable evil. So go on, Kieran Conor: tell me about your childhood. It is of great, great import for both of us that you speak of it.” He patted Conor’s hand again. “Speak, Red Talon, speak!”
Maggie could feel Conor’s puzzlement. And then she felt it again: intense, almost debilitating hopelessness. It settled like a cold gray drizzle over his spirit. Over hers. But she was certain his face gave no indication of its existence. 
Eleysius’ eyes were like dark and magical waters. Maggie doubted they missed anything—including that which Conor tried to keep hidden, the source of that hopelessness, which she suddenly became aware of: an amorphous bitterness deep, deep within him, one he had buried so expertly within his soul that its presence surprised her.
“My mother ... was a prostitute,” began Conor quietly. “I was born in Dublin, but we moved to London when I was five years old. I don’t remember the move. I never knew my father. He was probably one of her regulars; I don’t know. She died of Consumption when I was ten. But she had abandoned me two years earlier. She left me on the streets of London, alone, scared, starving. She refused to see me, to take me back, her own flesh and blood, her own boy. I stole food to survive. I slept in gutters and alleyways. One morning I woke in a field, under a grove of trees I had used many times to hide, to see men above me. They beat me. I lost consciousness. When I woke I was in chains and aboard a ship. A privateer ship. I’d been kidnapped to be a deckhand—little more than a bloody slave. There were others with me, other boys. I watched what happened to some of them. We were expendable in the eyes of the crew. Some were thrown overboard. Others faced far worse fates. I was beaten and kicked—I remember being whipped once—but other than that, no one set their hands on me. We were sailing north along the coast of New Spain when a spectacular lightning storm came out of the blue sky, out of nothing at all. The next thing I know, it was night and a hellish squall was toppling the ship. The ship was dashed against cliffs. I alone survived. I don’t know how. When the storm cleared, I found myself under an outcropping of black rock overlooking Ae Infinitus. Just behind me was the edge of the world. There was a spire in the distance in the other direction. I thought it might be a cathedral. I climbed a dune against the Pier to get on it, and from there started walking.”



“You were yet a child when you discovered your teacher, your Tesche I believed you called him—?”
“Malesherbes Quartermane, yes. I was probably fourteen.”
“As great a teacher as he is a warrior?”
“As a warrior he has no equal. But his teaching ability rivals his skills as a fighter, yes.”
Eleysius stared up questioningly at him.
“Do you believe in God, Kieran Conor?”
A full minute passed in complete silence.
Conor finally breathed. “Is there a God?”
Eleysius: “You desperately wanted to believe in one as a boy.”
More silence.
“As a boy, you snuck into those glorious Gaian cathedrals many times after your mother abandoned you ...”
Conor said nothing in return. Maggie could feel his temples quivering very slightly, could feel the building pressure against the flats of his tightly clamped teeth.
“The Sister along Ae Infinitus, the first one west of the Gaian Tangent ... you prayed and prayed, hoping upon hope that it was a cathedral.”
Conor had stopped blinking; his eyes were dry and stinging; the back of his neck ached.
“What did you pray for in those cathedrals on Earth, Kieran Conor?”
“I ... prayed for food.”
“No, King of Vanerrincourt. Food you prayed for, most certainly. But there was something else, something far more important. Tell me: What was it?”
The old man gazed kindly up at him.
“If ye know all these things, sorcerer,” said the king in a choked, angry voice, “then ye know the answer. Why then ask me?”
Eleysius nodded. “You prayed for a mother. Not your mother, who wasn’t a mother in any sense save the basest one, that of being the individual who brought you into the world—but a mother. You walked all that way along the Great Pier in prayer. Praying for her to come to you. You thought you would finally get one. A real mother. You thought you had died and gone to heaven, and that the spire-cathedral was there for you to meet her, the loving, kind woman you had been tragically denied as a little boy. The spire couldn’t have been anything else, you reasoned: it was far too grand to be anything other than heavenly. Your newfound powers were just coming into their own. That only bolstered your belief that you were in heaven, or somewhere very close to it. You thought you might be an angel because those powers were miraculously taking care of you. Somehow the fish you wanted to eat, those swimming in vast schools beneath Ae Infinitus as you watched, starving, those fish floated up from the water into your disbelieving grasp. You ate them. You stayed alive. When you needed fire or shelter, somehow the Great Pier responded to you, creating the necessary flames, the necessary protection. When pirates and outlaws came for you, you were able to fend them off—easily. You thought God was testing you. And when finally you came upon the Sister, you stood in her long shadow, and you looked up, and to your heartbreak you saw that it wasn’t a cathedral. You were but a boy, and your whole life to that point had been one gross injustice after another. But still you believed. You walked on. You walked on, and the Sisters came and went, but you refused to give up, refused to stand down from your belief, from your hope.”
The king held completely still. Maggie clutched herself again, but not from the pain of a chest burn. Eleysius’ words were like bombs, each one of them, huge bombs landing in Conor’s soul, devastating whole swaths of his being. She had no idea how he could stand there and take it—a punishment far worse than the burning pendant. Could stand there like a goddamned robot, like a machine with no software for emotion, no capacity for expressing it. But Aedan Conor was no machine. He was a man. The herculean control in his voice was barely checked as he whispered:
“My prayers were answered.”
“They were, Kieran Conor. They were.”
The dark elderly man smiled warmly up at him.
“Is ... there a God?” he begged; and Maggie felt him buckle inside. His voice had betrayed his agony; he had asked the question so quietly that at first she wasn’t sure he had spoken it, that she hadn’t imagined it.
“Do you love your adopted mother, Kieran Conor?”
And now—frustration. Maggie felt it erupt in him. He held his tongue. Said: “Yes. More than life itself.”
“She is the one who employed your new mentor, this Malesherbes Quartermane?”
The king nodded.
“Your mother—your true mother—she has perished as well?”
“She died years ago, of a lengthy illness.”
“You mourned her loss.”
“Of course I did.”
“It wasn’t just mourning, however. It was as if your legs had been torn free from your torso. You were a cripple. You literally could not walk for several months, so intense was your grief.”
No answer.
“It was your warrior-teacher who helped you during that terrible period. He helped you to learn to walk again, to train again, to fight. To fight for your life—your life. To fight, Kieran Conor.”
After a long time, Conor said, “Yes.”
“Is there a God, Kieran Conor?”
The frustration in him swelled like a huge black tsunami, overwhelming the leaden fingers of cold depression and futility gripping him. Maggie feared it would break any moment now, feared what would happen when it did.
“I ... do not understand your line of questioning, old man.”
Eleysius reached up and patted the king’s shoulder consolingly. The sorcerer was stooping even more now. His hands had become bony, almost skeletal, and covered with small black splotches, the same that now freckled the sides of his nose, almost giving him the appearance of a mischievous boy. He said:
“There is a power inside you greater than the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm, so mighty that no force intent on destroying this world can hope to succeed as long as it exists. You see, King of Vanerrincourt, the true talisman is not the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm. The true talisman is within you. You have yet to discover it. This is your third charge, Aedan Chaundran. You are going back to Earth to nurture that power, to let it take root within you, to watch it reach for the yellow Gaian sun, reach for its miraculous light. It is a power that the Black Coffin cannot understand, cannot truly comprehend—and thus cannot fight—because it is a power that, in the end, shall render you powerless in its final and highest glory. Return home—and learn to teach. Become what the warrior Malesherbes Quartermane was for you. Become that with all your being, and when you are ready, I predict, the Apprentice shall appear.”
“The Apprentice?”
“She is the one charged to rebuild this Temple, to give it back its eternal soul. In order for her to do so, her answer—her solution—her aecxis—will have to be of such a unique nature as to ensure the cancer’s absolute and total destruction. And that answer cannot come by any other means than by you, Kieran Conor of Earth. You must teach her. You must teach her as you have been taught. You must become who you are. You must also understand this: you must be a teacher first, a king second. Switch those priorities at any time, and watch as the malignant cancer claims all, including her, including you, including Aquanus, including Earth and all the other wondrous worlds touched by the Four Tangents.”
“This ‘Apprentice’ ... will be a child? A girl?”
“Does this surprise you, human? Truly, the female of your kind is the stronger sex in almost all of the qualities that matter. You must look well beyond mere physical strength to understand this. It will be to those qualities that you will teach her.”
The exasperation in the king’s voice was plain. “What will be her name?” he demanded angrily. “How the devil shall I recognize her when the time comes? What happens if you’re wrong? What if Necrolius Anaxagorius becomes invincibly strong before this ‘Apprentice’ appears?”
“My predictions are fallible, Kieran Conor. The future is never set. Men have free will. Most despise it and never use it. But those who do can alter what is to be, however minutely. That includes, perhaps especially, you. There is nothing to stop the cancer from becoming too powerful; I predict however that Necrolius Anaxagorius will err and believe that his time is now, and that he need not press so forcefully ahead, that all the worlds will be his eventually anyway. The success of his invasion is surpassing even his wildest fantasies. But the many human beings who are capitulating to him even as we speak are, quite ironically, by their cowardice, damaging their own spirits so severely that he will be unable to glean much power from them. Those his navy will have to fight will provide him much more power by their courage and resistance. Rightly or wrongly, there won’t be many of these.
“How shall you recognize the Apprentice? The Symbol of Being shall shine like a diamond in her dreams, and will obey her will like it obeys you. In time, and given your fortitude and fidelity to these charges, she will find you, Red Talon. What will be her name?”
And what Maggie saw and heard next was to stay with her the rest of her life, etched forever upon the sinews of her spirit. Eleysius’ eyes were looking through Conor Kieran and straight at her. They were beyond grim, beyond petrifying.
He whispered:
“Her name will be Silence, the Slayer of Song.”
And with that, he started coughing. It went on a long time. When he finally composed himself, he brought his hands away from his mouth, clearing his throat. He looked another ten or twenty years older. He seemed a good foot shorter than Conor Kieran now, stooped and bent with swiftly advancing age. The midnight-blue robes on his person were wholly too large. They draped heavily over his form. 
Maggie, meanwhile, was overcome with blind terror. He was speaking to me! Dear God, he was speaking to ME!
A dry, cackling voice sounded from Eleysius’ face, now deeply weathered and slack:
“Do not fight the dark one’s war, King of Vanerrincourt. Fight your own. Become-who-you-are. Use reason. Else you will be no better than the cancer himself. Teach the Apprentice. Use every available means to do so; spare nothing to do so. Hone your greatest weapon—not the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm, but your soul, and the precious seed within it. Teach the Apprentice so well that the sword of her spirit becomes sharp enough to cut nothingness itself—and the hateful one, who is nothingness, degenerate nothingness, shall be in mortal danger. Train her mind. Train it with the deepest love with which you are capable, for the human mind is itself an outrageous sword, capable of harming many. The Apprentice must learn to arm herself with it ordinately and with great discretion. Teach her this, King of Vanerrincourt, and victory will not be far away.
“It may well be that the Black Coffin becomes invincible before the Apprentice appears, or before you are ready for her to appear. This latter is, of course, up to you. But be forewarned: if she does appear, he will most certainly sense it. He will know how dangerous she is to him: the scalpel coming for the tumor. Like a starving pig, he will then start consuming his captive population at an ever-greater rate, so that his invincibility is quickly ensured. Your time therefore will be limited. Once she appears, do not dawdle! The mass capitulation of most of Aquanus will give you time. But if you underestimate the cancer, the cancer will consume you! Be prudent and act with haste. Remain a teacher first, a king second! And if time sides with the cancer, die a whole soul, Kieran Conor. Die resisting, as only whole souls do. Teach the same to the Apprentice, should she be by your side. Die with contempt in your heart—contempt for the cancer, contempt for death itself.
“Do you understand this third charge, human?”
The king answered in a low voice. “Become a teacher.”
Eleysius nodded and smiled. His teeth had yellowed; his lips were chapped and cracked. He said, licking them, “But let us be optimists in this time of great evil. Let us say the reckless spring Arrowsquall fills your sails and that you survive the voyage back to the Eastern Tangent. Let us say you survive the inevitable confrontation with the Black Coffin. On the ninth day of Yaaven, sixty-four days hence, at exactly one hour and one minute past the Great Ringed Mother’s apogee, not a second earlier, not a second later, cross the Tangent. Invoke the power of mighty Ae Infinitus as you once did for shelter, and it will respond, Conor Kieran, it will respond.
“When the time comes, repair, rebuild, and retool. Here is how. Find the beautiful Gaian tree that snows. Take from it a handful of that snow and pass it through my soul. Plant what comes out the other side in ice—Gaian ice, the deepest and coldest ice on that world. Wait two years. Gaian seawater sprayed on an Emasculatum fashioned after that snowing tree will reveal your harvest to you. Gaian freshwater will hide it. The wood will have very powerful aecxal properties. Make use of those that reveal themselves to you. The rest will become known and useful in time.
“House the Eleysian Teardrop near the Tangent. Protect it. The Tangent will be accessible every twenty-four Earth-days. The power of the Teardrop will even the Tangent’s temporal differential potential from both sides. This will gift you with even more time. Use that time to hone your greatest weapon—and to prepare for your return. Be patient and remember your charges. When the Apprentice comes, love her as you would your own daughter—”
Eleysius suddenly shook mightily, as though sustaining a vicious electric shock, and collapsed to his knees.
Conor fell to his own in an instinctive effort to help the now-ancient sorcerer, whose head hung limply down, his frail body trembling sickeningly.
With great effort, and after a long time, he lifted his chin just enough to permit him to glance up at the young king. A clear line of spittle ran from a corner of his mouth to his chin. “Move me ... against the ... the pedestal, Red Talon,” he said quietly.
Conor did as instructed, easily and gently lifting Eleysius, setting him against the glowing wooden pedestal. Conor knelt next to him, wiped the spit away with his sleeve. The sorcerer smiled up in thanks. His eyes clouded over as Conor watched; he was going blind. His bony, weak, shaking hand reached for the king’s face, touching it. “You possess a great spirit, Kieran Conor. Now ... I would ask only ... one more thing of you before I ... sleep forever, before what is left of my soul is to be ... trapped in the cold void of the ... approaching ... cancer. So now I shall give you your fourth and final charge....”
“Tell me, sorcerer, and I shall do it,” said Conor with a curious hitch in his voice, which had become tender, almost fatherly.
Eleysius smiled. “Tell me ... a ... a bedtime story.”
That took the king aback. It took a moment for him to respond; when he did, he asked, “Which one do you want to hear?”
“Tell me the story you ... cherished most as a boy. Tell me ... the story about ... about the Traveler.”
Conor chuckled softly. Maggie, soaked in grief (hers and his), drowning in terror for her daughter, could feel affection like a warm current easing itself throughout her being. The cold drizzle of Conor’s futility instantly abated. The story, she knew, truly was near and dear to his heart.
“The Traveler?”
“The very one. The one your ... true mother told you ... when you were ... already too old to ... hear it.”
Conor chuckled again. He cleared his throat. And then he began:
“There once was an angel who didn’t know she was an angel,” he said.
“A god ... who didn’t know she was ... a god ...” said Eleysius.
“Yes,” replied Conor. “She had been accidentally born into one of the Creator’s creatures, a human being. A creature with physical form. A creature that needed food and drink, that needed rest and the companionship of other human beings. A being that bleeds and is full of all sorts of mischief and wrongdoing. A being that dies. Somehow she’d gotten into the wrong line in heaven—and the next thing she knew, she’d been assigned to a human body, and off she went. But human souls belong to human bodies, and human bodies die. Angels never do. When the midwife smacked her little bottom at her birth, she forgot all about heaven and the Creator and being her true self, an angel. She grew up, beautiful and virtuous and beloved; she had a husband; she bore children; she grew old; and then, like all humans do, she died.”
Maggie noticed that Conor’s voice had become quiet and steady, affable and warm. A natural storyteller. Without trying to, she imagined him telling Melody this bedtime story, and smiled warmly through her tears.
The king continued. 
“But she was an angel,” he said. “Angels never die. And so the human soul that was supposed to end when her human life ended carried on, attached as it was to her angelness. And because of the absolute purity of that human soul, the purity she had given it during its life, the hosts of heaven mistook it as a brand new one, and put it back in line, to be assigned anew to another baby girl. The angel couldn’t be heard; she was yelling, ‘Wait! I’m an angel! I’m trapped in here, in a human soul! This soul has already lived! Wait!’ But it was too late: the next thing she knew, she was being born again. And then the slap on her new pink bottom—and again she forgot everything. The new girl grew up, beautiful and virtuous and beloved; she married; she bore children; she grew old; and then she too died. And again, because of that human soul’s outstanding purity—a soul that was in fact angelic, not human—it was mistaken for new and put into line waiting to be assigned to a newborn little girl. 
“And so it went.”
Eleysius’ breath was ragged, his eyelids fluttering slightly. It seemed the glow he gave off was weakening, faltering. When the king noted these things and stopped speaking, the sorcerer begged, “Please ... please continue. Humor a dying ... dying man, Kieran Conor. Please ...”
“Time was passing,” Conor said, trying not to hurry, trying to keep the urgency out of his voice (both struggles of which Maggie felt). “The angel was living life after life after life—in different bodies, but with the very same angelic soul. All those new experiences. All those new trials. All those heartbreaks and triumphs within all those lives; all the love and hate she felt in each; all the many hundreds, then thousands, then tens of thousands of people she knew, all who had left traces of their being upon hers.... The angelic soul became deeper and deeper and deeper with each life, more and more human as each life was lived, as each life came and went, purer and purer with the endless succession of years, then decades, then centuries, then millennia. It became powerful, so powerful that after her latest human life had ended, the angels whose job it was to assign human souls to newborns finally noticed.
“ ‘We cannot free you,’ said the Archangel to her. ‘You have traveled all this time, to all these souls ... You have seen life ten thousand times over, so much so that, ironically, we cannot free you: the soul you’ve inhabited all this time has become too powerful even for us to interfere with. You must appeal to the Mother Creator herself.’
“And the angel prayed: ‘Creator Mother, what am I to do to be free of this blessed—and now human—soul? Am I so accursed that I am to remain here for all eternity? What sin have I committed that I be condemned to be born, time and time again, into human flesh? For I do not remember who I am when I am living those lives; but upon pain of my death there I am, and there is the lived life, the memory of it, and its grief, and all the agony of being human. I remember it—I remember it all; and I realize once again who and what I am: I’m an angel! What, Blessed Creator, must I do to release myself from this endless cycle?’
“And the Creator Mother answered: ‘Dear Child, I love you. Walk the infinite Piers. Take the sum of their boundless miles. And you shall fall short that exact sum compared to how much I love you. In all your human lives, in all those thousands of human souls you were part of, and throughout all the years those souls lived, years filled with endless seconds, seconds like the grains of sand in the desert of the mysterious Sankyan, has that love remained true. Has it grown. For in all those lives you did not suffer the ceaseless and insistent corruptions of humankind—and how easy it would have been for you to do so! For you have been born to poverty, to ignorance, to war, to disease, to hate, to oppression and repression, each tens of times over. You have been born to misery. You have been born deformed and malformed. You have been born to rejection and illegitimacy and apathy, to abandonment and drunkenness and addiction. To lies and to poisonous, hateful truths. To disregard disguised as discipline, to disrespect offered as guidance. In all these things, the numberless weaknesses of human flesh were at least as powerful as any of your angelic gifts. The temptation to give up was ever-present. And yet you did not succumb. Not for any length of time, nor to any degree sufficient, to allow the soul you have been part of for so long to be corrupted, to be lost to my love. You fought back—every single time. You believed—in yourself. Which is to say, in me. And more. Much more.
“ ‘Do you have to believe in the air to breathe it? Do you have to believe in the sea to swim in it? Do you have to believe in the food you eat to taste it? And so over time, and through the countless lives you lived, you discarded your belief. You did something even greater: you trusted. And then even trust became unnecessary. The human bodies you were born in had found my eternal love. You brought that love by virtue of being your true self to each human being you were born into. You brought them sunshine—sunshine that requires no eyes to see it, no skin to feel its warmth. You brought them my everlasting glory.
“ ‘The human bodies in which you lived were infinitely unique. Unique like the irreplaceable notes of a grand symphony. The Symphony of Life. Thus have you lived and breathed to my glory. For you see, Dear Child, not only have you been those unique notes, you have been the page upon which those notes have been written. You have been the golden thread and the unbreakable weave, both. And I—I have reveled as the Player. For the perfect composition you have given me is as unrepeatable as the discrete and individual lives you have lived. You are their common thread. You have done My Work well. For I am that which I have created. I am you, Beloved One, and you are me. Infinity within infinity.
“ ‘And so, among my heavenly hosts, I give you now a Title of Honor: The Traveler.
“ ‘There is a Friend, Dear Child. The Limit. The Infinitely Finite. Your final destiny. Find this Friend, O Traveler, and the Symphony shall finally be complete. No angel will send you henceforward: you shall send yourself. Live well. Believe in me—and I shall love you. Believe not in me—and I shall love you even more. And when the Friend appears, you shall be given a choice: live that last finite human life with him or her—and die once and for all a human, discreet and tiny and measurable; or return to me as an angel, your travels concluded; an angel: eternal and without form, to abide with me, She Who Is and Shall Never Not Be, Forever.’
“And so the Traveler went from human body to human body, living each, searching for the Friend—the one who would finally complete the angel’s Symphony of Life. But the Friend never came. The Creator Mother had never shared with her how to find this Friend, how to go to the human body that would bring the Friend closest to her. The angel, living human life after human life after human life, fell into deep despair.
“But a remarkable thing happened. For there were human beings the Traveler, waiting to be reborn again and looking down upon the world, knew would need her help and assistance. Many of these she knew would not be the Friend—some she knew would openly hate her even—but that no longer mattered to the Traveler. She could help them. She knew that, even though she’d forget her mission when her new pink bottom would be smacked, that later, in her human form, her soul, now more glorious than a whole legion of angels in the Creator Mother’s golden palaces, would shine forth eventually and bring aid and comfort to the countless human beings suffering—even if that aid and comfort could only touch one at a time, could only save one at a time. As many times they did. Over the many millennia that followed, the Traveler completely forgot about the Friend.”
Conor breathed hopefully and said: “It is said that the day will come when the Traveler’s human soul becomes so powerful that it will at long last realize before it dies the angel that lives within it, the angel she truly is. She will be a god in a human body—and know it. It is said that will happen when she lives the human life in which she finally meets the Friend. It is said when that happens she’ll be so powerful that she’ll be able to cross the Four Tangents as she pleases in order to save any life, human or not, on any world Aquanus is linked to. It is said that those lives she touches cannot be claimed by Evil; that Evil ...”
He came to himself. He held his breath. And then he whispered: “... that Evil cannot hold those the Traveler comes to rescue....”
Eleysius listened, nodding as Conor trailed off. His eyes had closed long ago; minutes earlier he had motioned to Conor to speak closer and louder. His face was little more than thin ash layered over brittle bone. But he was still alive. Just barely. He smiled very weakly, nodded again, and said with a gurgly rasp:
“When ... the finitely infinite—the ... Traveler—meets ... the ... infinitely finite—the Friend ...”
“When the quintessential angel meets the quintessential human being ...” the king whispered ...
“The ... power of their ... friendship will be so great that ... Evil will have to release all the souls ... it has claimed, all ... of them, even those the Traveler never got ... to know or ... to serve. Evil’s nightmare ... will be ... over.” He wheezed, “What ... did ... your true mother ... tell you ... King of ... Vanerrincourt ... when the story was ... was finished?”
“She said, ‘Be a good boy ...’ ” Conor Kieran offered softly. Maggie could feel his heart—it felt as though a lance had been driven straight through it. “ ‘... be the best boy. Be the Friend. And if the Traveler should happen upon you, Evil cannot win. It will go away.’
He whispered, “It ... will ... go ... away ...”
Eleysius grabbed his hand. His strength was sudden, surprising. “You ... must ... must go now. It is ... time. It is ... your time now, Red Talon ... your time ...”
“But ...” Kieran Conor leaned very close to the ancient man. He had become a starveling that very moment, in every cell of his being, in his quiet, pleading voice.
“... but Eleysius, I must know. Please. I ... I must know. She was everything to me—everything. She didn’t deserve what happened to her. Please—I must know. Is there ... Is there—?”
The Samanlainen Guardian rasped:
“When ... the cathedral ... in ... the ... misty distance ... becomes ... the ... cathedral ... in your heart ... you will ... have ... your answer. The ... truth.... light ... a ... a wave ... or ... or—”
He coughed. It was a single cough, a violent release, an explosive exhalation. His grip on Conor’s hand went immediately limp, his body draining in a way that Conor knew crossed some unseen threshold from animate to inanimate.
Eleysius was dead.
He, the pedestal, and the thick silver book atop it began sparkling out of existence.
Darkness reached for Conor, a blackness so total that for a fleeting moment he felt completely overcome with terror. He released the old man’s cold, dissolving hand, fumbling frantically forward for the entry into the South Portal. Found it. Ran. Ran blindly, wildly. The blackness swept over him, blackness devouring blackness. It curled over him like a wave, icy fingers feeding into him, reaching through him. The touch of death upon his heart—a cold digit curling patiently around it, making it flutter and seize up for a second—made him lurch forward, almost tripping. His footfalls were lonely claps of leather on stone in a lightless dungeon; he sprinted faster, and then faster still, finding unknown gears inside him and using them without thought, without anything save the simple, atavistic impulse to survive, to live. One step fell on nothing—
—he was falling—
—*Light*—
The ground pressed abruptly up on the soles of his feet. He gasped for breath, a fierce stitch in his side. The chill clutches of death melted away. He blinked several times, each blink splitting the light into more and more colors, the colors into more and more shapes.
Something behind him crashed with a deafening roar. The ground rumbled beneath his feet.
One more blink. Two more. Three more.
He was standing at the foot of the first set of pillars leading to the South Portal.
STOMP!—STOMP! STOMP!
Five men and four women, standing in a semicircle just a few feet in front of him, came abruptly to attention, saluting him. They were dressed in Vanerrincourtian colors and heavily armed, capes billowing back from their shoulders as though they were standing in a gust of wind. Everything about the Vanerrincourtian Royal Guard was composed and disciplined—everything except their eyes. Those eyes held riotous fascination in them, coupled with outright awe. Eyes staring straight at Conor Kieran himself, their king.
The Red Talon, whose time had come.
Another frightful crashing sound behind him. The chins of the small corps jerked up in unison as the Royal Guard glanced over his head. Maggie went to turn around to see was causing such a terrible din, but she was suddenly floating upward, floating into the sky against her will, floating up into a vortex of dissolving white light.



Chapter 31
Stars
The dissolving, luminous vortex above Maggie’s head didn’t permit her to look down—only up. It pulled her higher, ever higher, the white light within it, which was like thin fog, vanishing as she passed through it. The white light, she noticed, was full of tiny aecxes, flashing in such quantity that the effect was that of being swallowed by a single light source.
She tried glancing down. But, maddeningly and mysteriously, she was frozen like a statue, her chin locked up. She could still hear the racket below her—the sudden terrible roars, like avalanches or meteors crashing into the ground ... each followed by sinister silence. The crashes were fading perceptibly as she gained altitude ...
And now a new sound. A voice, little more than breath on a breeze—a human voice, gentle, one with an elegant Spanish accent. It came from above her:
“Margarita ...”
At first she thought she’d only imagined it. She concentrated, closing her eyes; but new sounds of crashing below drowned out her efforts. This crash was enormous; the commotion rumbled and roared for a long time. In the uneasy quiet that followed, she focused all her concentration upward into the white vortex, her eyes screwed tightly shut. 
There it was:
“Margarita ...”
“Luis? Luis!” she yelled, blinking her eyes open. “Luis—where have you been? My God ... Luis, I’ve got so much to—”
“Margarita.... Cannot ... hang on.... Cannot—”
The dissolving white light vanished.
Like a hot-air balloon that had been punctured, Maggie suddenly began to descend, the paralysis releasing its grip on her all at once. She could glance down now, and did. She screamed. A huge black maw was striking up at her, striking to eat her whole—
“WHOA! WHAT THE—? HOLY SH—!”
Before the maw consumed her, she heard just past her own yelling, “Revulsion, Margarita—revulsion! Remember, revuls—”
And the blackness had her.
She was free falling again. But it was halting, jerking—sometimes painfully so. She’d stop abruptly, the deceleration like a punch in her stomach, her lungs emptying in a cough.... A flash of white light—she rose for a second or two, and then the blackness snaked up for a second time to claim her. More falling, screaming. More stops. For a full minute she floated dreamily skyward again, surrounded by dissolving aecxes, Luis’ frantic voice very distant, like listening to a radio at low volume from another room. “Trying ...” he said. “... cannot ... hang ... on.... Trying ... trying ... Can guide ... little.... Revulsion, Margarita! Revulsion—!”
And the maw came up and swallowed her again.
She fell for a long time this time. She could feel herself changing direction: moving left, then right, then twisting about, flailing around and around as if in a tight whirlpool.... More light. More rising—she yelled and yelled for Luis, but the Dreamcatcher had gone totally silent. Then: more falling. Another violent stop. Another long, uninterrupted drop ...
Finally, after long last, she felt the very welcome sensation of rocky ground pushing up against the bottoms of her feet ...
—Light splitting a million ways, resolving, sharpening—
And there was Conor, not ten feet from her.
He stood facing away from her. He had changed his clothes: no longer in Vanerrincourtian white, blue, and green, but in black, with a medium-length burgundy-and-sage cape, one outlined in thin glinting flourishes of gold embroidery, and with what looked like silken streamers at its bottom, like feathers almost, in beautiful swirls of the same colors. The streamers were long at the cape’s corners, falling to just above his ankles, tapering to short ones, a few inches long, in its middle. The effect was quite as if the king were a proud, beautiful bird.
He stood near the hard, cracked edge of a grass-strewn cliff, looking out, motionless, silent. Maggie was behind him and to his right. She glanced out with him.
In the distance, a little off to the right, was an ego-crushing Empress, shrouded in white sea haze at its bottom, thrusting sixty-six miles up into the cloudless and sunny aquamarine sky, impossible to ignore. A long, long line, thin and silver-green in color, ran back from its base, disappearing behind boulder-strewn hills to her far right. A Great Pier.
Next to the Empress and partly occluded by it was a tremendous banded circle. The bands were pink, purple, and orange-yellow, smudged by the haze and belted by surreal concentric rings fronted by scores of vertical rocky islets. Ammalinaeus.
But the king wasn’t looking at it. Nor was he looking at the mighty Sister. His chin steady, he stared leftward, out over the unfocused blue of an oval bay hundreds of feet below, which began a mile or so beyond the base of the cliff and past a pale green field littered with huge pink granite boulders and ending at a wide, curving, froth-lined ribbon of glittering quartz sand. 
A bay filled with tremendous black ships.
The Gyssian navy had arrived.
Even from here, the Black Coffin’s warships were astonishing. Their swollen hulls were multitiered, rising tens of feet from the water, bulky and clumsy and dotted with hundreds of ports: cannons. But she wasn’t looking at them. She was gaping above them, her heart racing, at football field-sized triangular sails billowing from fanned triplets of masts as tall as San Diego’s skyscrapers. Sails with a single terrifying black emblem on them: a broadsword thrust down through a flaming ring. The masts were like shorn tree limbs or twisted wire, not entirely straight, warped and misshapen in random parts, which only added to the ships’ fearsome appearance.
The warships were visibly approaching. Dozens of them. Smaller vessels sailed alongside them, tiny against their sisters, moving ahead of them, filled with rows of invaders.
Invaders coming directly towards them.
Maggie’s adrenaline overcame her reason, and she screamed, “Aedan! Kieran! Run! Get away, now!”
But the king stood motionless, watching. The constant sea breeze teased the cape from his shoulders, waved it back and away, the feather-like streamers riding the invisible curls. He put his hands on his hips.
His Irish Voice suddenly boomed in her head, magnified to deafening levels. She grabbed for her ears:
—INVADERS FROM GYSS: THIS IS THE ONLY WARNING YOU WILL GET. YOU ARE COMMITTING AN ACT OF WAR AGAINST THE SOVEREIGN KINGDOM OF VANERRINCOURT. DEATH AWAITS YOU HERE. RETREAT IMMEDIATELY.—
More ships loomed out of the haze, like monsters from behind a virgin’s veil. Black dust clouds circled over them now, like sluggish tornadoes, with tangential arms reaching out from their tops, reaching out slowly towards shore, towards him.
The Red Talon raised his arms.
Hundreds of feet below, the pink boulders, many the size of city buses, began to rise. They separated from the earth with a thunderous roar, as the soil grasping them gave way, as trees and shrubs hugging them were stripped away. Others rolled away from each other, grating as they did, the sound like mammoth billiard balls clacking together and breaking apart, the noise frightening, jolting. Heavy brown clouds of descending sandy dirt followed the boulders up, hissing as it rolled off them and fell. Dozens of giant rocks, rising, rising ... rocks that began to spin, and then spin faster. They acquired a white glow, disappearing into it as it became fierce, blinding. A rising constellation of stars. The light cast Conor’s shadow back from his form, sharp and black, as the boulders-turned-stars winked into existence before him. A deep bass hum, a choir of god-bees humming, a swelling crescendo as the stones spun faster and faster, filled the salt air, overwhelmed it. Some of the boulders whistled as well, the noise a shrill, rising screech. The cliff vibrated with the humming; the air was torn with the screeching. It was then she glanced at the king’s face, and was unnerved by the sight. She caught part of his profile: it was a face of such one-pointed, inhuman severity that she felt herself instinctively draw away. The anger in his emerald eyes, sparkling starlight-white, was alien, otherworldly. It matched his booming voice, one that exploded, enraged, in her mind:
—INVADERS FROM GYSS! TO HELL WITH YOU!—
With a violent forward jerking gesture with his arms, the boulders-turned-to-stars streaked away from Conor Kieran, fanning and descending in smooth curves as they fled, trailing aecxal-white energy torqued to the intensity of a supernova. The sound was like an entire fleet of jumbo jets roaring down a runway all at once. The stars zoomed directly towards the monstrous black ships in the bay, becoming insignificant against them in the irrevocable, awful last moment that separates peace from war. Maggie thought, hopelessly, that even the largest of those boulders would probably do no damage whatsoever against such awesome vessels.
The incandescent granite arsenal tore into the ships like machine-gun fire into cheese, perfectly aimed. And she had to shield her eyes—for those ships, those huge, ugly, hateful warships, flared as though touched by the center of the sun, each disappearing inside an expanding white dome of lethal brilliance. Moments later the ground below her feet rumbled and rippled with the explosions, scores of booming explosions that concussed and rent the air. When they finally dimmed, she chanced a glance, blinking—and found herself goggling full-on. Half the dreadnoughts were gone, and all the smaller, faster vessels, replaced by billowing clouds of dense, rising smoke. Debris rained down over the water in slow motion; hundreds of thousands of tons of Gyssian war machinery had been reduced instantly to ashen chunks no bigger than her hand—if they hadn’t vaporized from existence completely.
She squinted. The black dust clouds swirling above the few surviving ships she could see were many times larger now, but the tangential arms reaching out from their tops towards Conor were gone.
The Mathematician raised his arms again.
The groaning, clacking, separating boulders he collected this time were twice as numerous as before. They tore from the surrounding hillsides, from deeper in the brown-black soil, from behind him, in infuriated reluctance, shaking the earth as they pulled free of it. The boulders rose above and before him as they began spinning and humming and whistling into starlight. Some were massive, the size of houses and bigger. Conor held still, arms raised diagonally to shoulder height, palms up, bathed in dazzling light. The rising bass hum reached deep into the earth itself, reached straight for Life’s very heart; the discordant screeching held the Empress captive, the din like Sirens set afire, their baleful screams distorting the blinding radiance.
He held still as though waiting for something ...
What it was became apparent soon after. For beyond the immediate flourescent glare more of those enormous warships had loomed out of the smoke and haze and gloom, cutting uncaringly through the waters their destroyed brethren had once occupied. More ships ... dozens more. The Gyssian navy was relentless, a vicious plague....
Bellowing angrily, Conor jerked his arms forward again. The stars surrounding him released as though they had been pulled back and held in a giant rubber band. Their sudden motion was almost cartoonish, making Maggie chuckle involuntarily. The cacophony was dreadful and diminishing rapidly.
A moment of cruel peace. She shielded her eyes, curled into herself—
The distant explosions sent jolting shockwaves beneath her feet and left spherical strobe-like afterimages branded on her retinas. The wrathful sounds of destruction followed immediately, saturated the air, echoed through it. She didn’t want to look at the aftermath; she knew she would. Presently she uncurled, dropped her hands, hesitantly opened her eyes. She glanced at Conor disbelievingly, then out over the bay in like manner.
Thick black smoke coiled upward in titanic columns, engulfed in a three-mile-wide virgin-white wall of steam. The sea had been set to boiling. It was the awesome scene one might encounter at the lip of a newborn volcano as it erupted out of the ocean. Most of the incoming ships had vanished, the large swirling black dust clouds, too. The base of the cliff, along with the hillsides to either side of Conor, appeared as though giant crazed earthworms had bored countless holes in them.
The young king held still. Then he looked around himself, turning slowly, his chin raised, his lips moving as if reciting a chant or oath, or perhaps saying good-bye to the kingdom and home that had rescued him and answered his boyhood prayer. His countenance held an unendurably potent admixture of sadness and fury that burned as hot as the granite he had hurled at the Gyssian navy.
He finished his slow turn, came to face the bay again.
A bay that had refilled with even more Gyssian warships. They sailed straight through the destruction and raining debris and rising steam and were almost touching now, separated by mere feet, overwhelming force.
He watched them for a long time. She expected him to raise his arms again, but he didn’t move. 
Then he muttered loud enough for her to hear: “If ye want me, come and get me.”
He abruptly took three running steps towards the very edge of the cliff as though giving up in abject despondency and hurling himself to his own demise. Maggie couldn’t help it: she shrieked—
As Conor ran over the edge and into open space his entire body vanished in a flashing ball of aecxal-white—
Still shrieking, she was suddenly jerked off her feet. She shrieked louder still—and then hushed completely, stunned into silence. 
—for a magnificent seahawk had streaked out of the dying light, trailing a comet’s tail of sparkling, fading aecxes.
Aedan Conor—was a seahawk!
The stately raptor, deep glossy brown and downy white, rose serenely into the sun-dappled Aquanian sky, carrying Maggie behind him as though she were a helium balloon tied to the king by an invisible string. She rose with him, turning with him as he curved back over the cliff, gaining altitude quickly. The cool air buffeted her cheeks, but she didn’t feel it, didn’t feel anything: Conor’s transformation had shocked her that badly.
Miles behind them the soaring curtain of sea steam mingled with the black smoke of mass destruction, and fanned out, anvil-like, over the bay, casting the relentlessly approaching Gyssian battleships below into darkness.
The land passed beneath her and the osprey unknowingly dragging her along, the geography rising and falling beneath them: a mile-wide swath of mist-covered olive-green forest, a wide, meandering river, a small, shallow valley, low foothills, and then the barren, gravel-strewn spine of a minor mountain pass cut by a narrow, well-groomed road. Another small valley, this one deeper and farmed into pleasant, artful terraces, like looking at an elevation map, one colored red, yellow, white, and practically every shade of green imaginable. Squat stone homes. An abandoned village. A much wider river, a delta, one Maggie first mistook as a lake until she glanced to her right and noticed what appeared to be open ocean in the distance, obscured by a long, occasionally hilly-rocky peninsular strip of land. 
The delta had many islands in it. Most were covered by a high canopy of forest. Tiny villages peeked out of the trees on some of the islands; skiffs and dinghies of all sizes and states of repair surrounded these, moored in neat arrangements just offshore. The villages appeared empty, as did the boats. 
The peninsula tapered away, and Conor the seahawk winged over a large, deep bay. On the far shore to Maggie’s left were masts of ships—not enemy warships—and beyond these, the Romanesque white sprawl of what had to be the capital city of Quadris Empiricus. 
To her right, far out over the ocean, a low black parallel line hugged the azure sea, almost solid: Gyssian dreadnoughts, just coming into view, perhaps twenty miles out still. Above that line another one, taller, black-on-white, Necrolius Anaxagorius’ symbol plain even at this distance, the twisted skyscraper-tall masts like the wiry raven hairs on a serial-killer’s scalp. The symbols and masts repeated, over and over and over again, north to south in both directions as far as she could see, an encroaching, spiky, billowing layer of Gyssian evil under empty blue salt haze. An Empress reached high overhead out there; somewhere out there was another Great Pier. Maggie, floating helplessly alongside the seahawk-that-was-Conor, felt galling hopelessness bubble up inside her. Why wasn’t the king with his own fleet, with his own people?
He had engaged Necrolius’ navy in a bay miles away from Quadris. Why? Had he somehow lured them there? Did he have something strategic in mind when he attacked them there? Was he buying more time for his fleeing people, perhaps? For his absent navy? She couldn’t think straight, couldn’t collect herself sufficiently to press rationality at this point. The seahawk was soaring higher now, aiming for the city. It rose higher, and then higher still.
She now had an expansive view of the open ocean to her right. She glanced in that direction—and her hopelessness magnified a hundredfold in her chest, sank coldly into her colon.
The Gyssian navy was endless. It indeed looked, not like a plague, but a cancer as Eleysius had called it, a metastasized melanoma spreading black over the rich, healthy, pastel tissue of Aquanus. There had to be hundreds of thousands of invaders inside the bellies of those floating monsters, the emissaries of the Black Coffin, who was himself probably out there right now, in one of those ships, pleased with the spectacular success of his wicked plans. The whole of Aquanus was falling to him, to Prince Trajan Chaundran, his royal traitor-lackey, who was also likely out there in that infernally vast, infernally imminent flotilla. And below her ten feet and slightly to her left, gliding over the indigo-blue swells filling Quadris Empiricus’ picturesque bay, an osprey—a king—who for some reason had chosen to stay behind, to attack—alone; who flew now towards the grand capital city, probably abandoned, to do ... what—? Face down the overwhelming hordes one-on-one in his home town? She thought of Eleysius’ chilling words, of his warning to Conor to think, to use reason. Surely this was utter madness, not reason!
She shuddered. She recalled Conor’s face, his eyes, as the boulders floated up before him and began spinning and whistling into starlight. She had withdrawn into herself in terror. It wasn’t the face she remembered as he sat in her living room waiting for Melody and Yaeko to return from their day out: a laughing, easygoing face with eyes to match; or the day she had first met him—tired eyes then, perhaps betraying a little stress, but soft and welcoming nonetheless. Intense eyes, yes—but still very human. The boulders had sparked like newborn suns, nuclear, fearsome. Sparked by the rage inside a man whose familiar face had transformed into something inhuman, untouchable, unreachable. Rage focused by the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm hanging hidden over his chest. Had his power, made stratospheric by the talisman, pushed him over the edge, made him insane?
They approached Quadris’ main port. Much of it was empty, though there were still many ships docked in slips. Then: buildings, patchwork acres of pleasant homes webbed by red cobblestone streets surrounding asymmetrical parks. Garbage everywhere, the detritus of panic and flight. A stray horse eating the grass in another park. Empty carts and carriages. Fountains and statuary. More homes. The vast courtyard Maggie had first visited, one that turned out to be hexagonal and painted with a shocking corner-to-corner rendition of Ammalinaeus, visible only from a great height such as the one the king flew at now. They flew over the Corridore Monarcha, the unbelievable curving corridor of Eternitus Roses rising over another splendid public square, enclosed by spectacular columned and domed buildings—the seat of Vanerrincourt. Another park, enormous, sprawling, and heavily forested in parts, halved by a small but thundering whitewater river. It was abandoned, all of it. The emptiness itself was petrifying, its silence like a blaring horn in her chest, urging Maggie to run away, to run away fast, to run away now.
The osprey flew over a short angled wall, and the swiftly moving M-shaped blur of its shadow suddenly fell upon silver-green ground, a huge circular walkway. Maggie looked up. They were over the Aquanian Intersectum, where the Eternitam met Ae Infinitus. Straight ahead of them—Conor’s destination, she knew with a start—was the Temple Kentein Intersectum. The Temple of Eleysius.
She suppressed a cry of grief.
The sight before her filled her with the blunt, disgusted horror one feels at the sight of violent death. The beautiful, impossible Temple had crumbled, had darkened, becoming sickly looking, like green-brown necrotic flesh. The beautiful gardens surrounding it had died and wilted, gray and black and barren. The fairy-span walkways, once hundreds of feet overhead, had fallen, crushing larger structures beneath them, raising dark, gloomy monuments of rubble, leaving broken, clutching, malevolent fingers high in the sky. A single thin line of smoke lifted like a wraith from the Temple’s other side, curled between the fingers. The smell of decay permeated the air.
Conor the seahawk dipped suddenly, causing Maggie’s stomach to flip, descending towards a broad flight of stairs that led to a wide, squarish courtyard partially buried in fallen rubble. Water still flowed and bounced and shimmered gleefully down the stairs in parts, a jarring counterpoint to the suffocating bleakness all around. Conor was aiming, not for the courtyard, but a point halfway up the stairs.
The stairs loomed large in Maggie’s vision. The raptor swooped up—a bright flash—and out of the ball of sparkling aecxes strode Conor Kieran, mounting the steps with patient rage, the streamer cape waving off his back, the ball fading like smoke, swirling up past him and Maggie and away.
She floated just behind him. The king climbed in no particular hurry, one step at a time, his cadence precise, his back straight, his chin unmoving. He could’ve simply landed in the courtyard a hundred steps up, she thought—and yet he chose to do this. He certainly wasn’t sightseeing: his gaze was as iron-hard as his footfalls, fixed resolutely on the stairs just in front of him. So what was he doing? Why the hell wasn’t he escaping, for God’s sake?
She forgot her questions and concerns. For the air above the king’s shoulders began sparkling brightly, coalescing ...
Upon the Red Talon’s left shoulder appeared a large spiny lizard, semi-translucent and bright green; on his right shoulder a curling snake, gray with startling elliptical designs of yellow and reddish brown, also semi-translucent. The lizard and the snake had disquieting ruby-red eyes, pupilless and fairly glowing. The snake’s head moved sluggishly around, its neck fanning and flattening characteristically, its forked tongue tasting the air. The reptile’s seven-foot length was wrapped several times over the king’s shoulder, its tail coiling down his arm towards his wrist. The lizard’s yard-long brown-banded tail hung over his cape, its white hooked claws sharp and menacing, the curving spines on its back long near its head, tapering to nothing along the first quarter of its tail. And it hit Maggie then, and she wondered why it hadn’t earlier, when she was gawking at the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm as Eleysius presented the pendant to the king: 
She was looking at an iguana and a cobra!
Creatures from Earth!
No, not from Earth, she thought. From a realm beyond. A realm that included the magnificent sea horses she saw hovering over the Eternitus Roses during Conor’s coronation; a realm that somehow included this one, as well as Earth. The creatures riding his shoulders as he mounted the stairs weren’t just reptiles, she knew. These were ... beings. Intelligent. Powerful. The snake had glanced behind it: it had noticed Maggie, she was sure of it. It looked at her, examined her coldly, its fantastic eyes staring unblinkingly at her, its long forked tongue tasting the cool air curiously. The lizard glanced back briefly, studying her, but it seemed much more interested in looking ahead with Conor, which it quickly went back to doing.
Conor Kieran mounted the final stair and was on the courtyard. He marched towards its middle, the rubble surrounding him dark, apocalyptic. The air here was stifled and stench-filled, heavy and expectant. He gained the center of the courtyard and swung around angrily, glaring back into the Empress-shadowed Vanerrincourtian sky.
Maggie looked with him, her heart fluttering.
For a long time, nothing. Nothing but hazy skies and piercing Empresses and the daunting sphere of Ammalinaeus. But then, far to the southeast, from out of a slow-spreading black anvil cloud over distant mountains, a wavering, undulating line of enormous, misshapen black birds came into view.
Coming straight for the king.



Chapter 32
The Lizard and the Snake
Directly to the east, somewhat hidden by rubble, another approaching line of huge black birds.
To the north and west, too much fallen Temple, too much devastation to see beyond a few hundred feet. But Maggie had no doubt: Conor was being encircled on all sides. A circle with him as the center. A circle whose radius was shrinking with dreadful speed.
And then it dawned on her. The spinning black dust clouds over the ships! The horror of it struck her weirdly, her mind refusing to connect the beings closing the distance now and the image of tens of thousands of them circling slowly, minusculely over their warships like angry swarms of hornets over their nests. Warships annihilated by the furious Mathematician standing just feet from her, who reached behind his head and tore his cape off (the reptiles seemed unaffected by this, as if they were no more than ghosts), tossing it aside.
The first of the giant misshapen bird-things streaked overhead, then fell into a lazy circle under the morose fingers of broken walkways, staring down on him, occasionally uttering piercing, shrieking cries. They looked like mutated vultures from hell, with hooked beaks and long arrowed tails and thirty-foot wingspans. They came in to land, one after the other after the other—
—Flash!—Flash!—Flash!—
—and out of the sparkling aecxal balls stalked huge, hideous creatures, with thick, black, barklike skin, curving rams’ horns, and ... fangs. Glistening fangs. Their arms were overlong and grossly muscled; their legs thick as Conor’s waist. They were at least eight feet tall and armed with broadswords that would take three men to lift. Their immensely broad chests were clad in four-inch-thick brass-colored armor, chinked and blood-stained in spots, the Gyssian symbol prominent in the center. They landed directly in front of him, forty feet away, staring silently with huge yellow cats’ eyes, their bullish visages twisted in hate. The king stood still as a statue, staring back, the lizard and the snake on his shoulders concentrating fully on the Black Coffin’s killers.
More were landing now—lots more: more mutated vultures, giant hairless bats, things that looked like lumpy stingrays, and beings that resembled squashed pit bulls with wings. They’d flash, and out of the dying balls of aecxes were all manner of twisted dark bulks, some with double rows of golden eyes like reflective domes and wiry tufts of bristly gray hair in random patches over their repulsive forms, others like a cross between a monkey and lizard, with deformed faces and long ribbed tails that twitched back and forth in eager anticipation of bloodshed. Beings with open, drooling gray maws lined with yellow teeth and powerful arms ending at razor-sharp claws that clicked together excitedly. Flashes all around her and the Red Talon—rapid, unsynchronized flashes like malfunctioning strobe lights at a disco party. Maggie could hear a low collective rasp rise from the swelling mob as more invaders winged into sight, into aecxal balls, stepping out of them as seemingly every possible shape of stalking, armed evil and bloodthirsty anticipation.
In the midst of them, surprisingly, came seagulls as well, seagulls and terns and pelicans and cormorants and pigeons and a dozen other species of birds that looked familiar but which Maggie had no name for. These were humans after they flashed through, all male, heavily armored and heavily armed, their grizzled faces hidden behind battle masks, the glint from their shadowed eyes flat and dead and distant, their bodies covered in chain maille, clanking and creaking forward. The weapons of war were here, and in great quantities: pikes and lances and maces; war hammers and battle axes and morning stars; swords and knives and daggers of every length. Many were crusted over with blood and dirt. Archers were landing, taking higher positions in the circumferential rubble ringing the contracting circle that Conor Kieran was the center of, fixing their arrows in bows, pulling them back and taking quick aim at him. Through it all he stood motionless, waiting, occasionally glancing left or right, but not bothering to turn around or look up. 
Maggie had witnessed all these things in a state of near panic: Conor was surrounded by hundreds of Necrolius’ soldiers; hundreds more filled the finger-clutched air above him, blanketing the sky, casting the throng in a continuous merry-go-round mural of nightmarish darkness and spinning, flickering half light. The malevolent mass was becoming deadly quiet, the circle of space around the King of Vanerrincourt maybe thirty feet. He was completely trapped.
A few moments of deathly stillness.
The first bullish hell-beast to land grunted contemptuously, then came forward two paces, its clawed hand on the two-foot-long hilt of its blood-caked broadsword.
Conor took one more slow glance left, then right, his gaze coming to rest on the beast, whose voice, a deep bass rasp, roared something like:
“HRGHLOCH!”
And Maggie somehow knew the beast had just ordered: “FIRE!”
—Multiple th-th-th-th-thwings!—
She wasn’t sure what happened next; it all took place in under a second. But at the exact same time she caught the rapid motion of multiple streaks closing in on Conor from all sides, he had thrown his fists towards the ground, diagonally from his shoulders, his index fingers pointing rigidly at the courtyard to either side of him, his eyes fixed on the monster—
—The startling sounds of heavy wet sacks striking stone all around her, at the mob’s periphery; armor clinking, grinding; loud growls of outraged surprise and mortal pain—
Silence.
A grin slowly creased the young king’s face. The lizard and the snake on his shoulders cast around at the mob, indifferent. Maggie chanced a glance—
The archers that had taken up positions in the rubble surrounding him had fired—and were dead to a man. They had shot a volley of arrows at him—and had in turn been shot somehow—arrows stuck from heads, from chests, from throats, the bodies motionless save for the pooling or jetting blood issuing from them.
Maggie turned away, sickened—and felt a frightening lurch upward, as though a giant had grabbed her by her neck and lifted her clean off her feet. But she fell back to the courtyard floor, fell very hard, as though her connection to Conor was anchoring her and the invisible giant had to let go.
The invaders’ one-pointed attention fell into complete disarray.
The beast that had ordered the archers to fire noticed this at once and roared, “I-RRTICHA TKOJHEC!”—
—and Maggie knew it had just said, “STAND YOUR GROUND!”
The sounds of confusion ceased instantly.
The beast: “GLOXFFEPH PHTOCC SSSPHI-LRROTKE SSEF EZCH SE’ TYACCCI-F ESHF KHAS!—”
She stared at Conor. The creature had just ordered him to kneel, had ordered his execution (“... BY DECREE OF THE LORD EMPEROR ...”) , had called him “Mathematician-King.” It was nearly as appalling knowing she could somehow translate this hateful being’s language as it was to comprehend what it was saying.
Conor spat contemptuously on the ground and stomped his left foot down once, and the entire Temple rumbled as though stricken by an earthquake. Pieces of the reaching fingers of remaining walkways overheard fell around them, crashing loudly, sending blooming clouds of dust and debris back into the sky. The falling fragments crushed some of the flying beings circling overhead, sending the rest into a tighter spiral, blanking out even more light. It was like looking up from the bottom of an ashen funnel cloud in the greedy grasp of Satan himself.
The beast seemed in no way concerned by more loss of life within its ranks—or by the king’s frightening powers. It opened its maw and hissed and rasped and roared at length. Maggie understood it as:
“YOUR POWERS OF----------” Maggie couldn’t understand the word the monster used—“WILL FLAG. AND THEN YOU WILL DIE. IT IS EASY TO DESTROY AT A DISTANCE, MATHEMATICIAN. NOT SO EASY WHEN YOU ARE SURROUNDED BY YOUR ENEMIES. IT IS WE WHO OWN YOUR----------” for some reason that word wouldn’t translate—“NOW. WE HAVE FACED MANY OF YOUR KIND ON THE WAY HERE. THEY ARE ALL DEAD, AS YOU SOON WILL BE DEAD. YOU CANNOT ESCAPE. YOU ARE SURROUNDED FOR AS FAR AS THE EYE CAN SEE. WE ARE UNSOLVABLES. YOU CAN SHAKE THE GROUND AND SEND FIRESTARS AT THE EMPEROR’S  WARSHIPS, BUT YOUR NOTABLE POWERS ARE ULTIMATELY USELESS HERE. WE ARE MANY—YOU ARE ONE. YOU FIGHT AS A MATHEMATICIAN, AS A COWARD. FIGHT ME NOW AS A WARRIOR—AND DIE LIKE ONE.”
Conor Kieran laughed. The sound echoed off the destruction, bounced off the angry sea of Gyssian-stamped armor crowding lustily around him. Like his face had earlier, his laugh made Maggie recoil into herself. For it was tinged with such biting, mocking contempt that it scarcely seemed human. Untouchable. Unreachable.
His Voice sounded in her mind:
—Would that your “father” could hear you now, demon, Mathematician that he is. I accept your challenge. But be warned: I am trained in the warrior art of the Daen-Cer-Tain— —
“MATHEMATICIANS ARE A SLOTHFUL LOT. WHY TRAIN AS A WARRIOR WHEN SUCH POWERS ARE AT YOUR COMMAND? AND YET SO MANY OF YOUR KIND IN THEIR FINAL MOMENTS HAVE CLAIMED THIS TRAINING. ALL ARE DEAD NOW,” came the instantaneous understanding of the beast’s (demon’s?) hissing, spitting, and roaring. “WE BELIEVE THERE IS NO SUCH TRAINING,” it went on. “IT IS A RUSE. CAN YOU NOT THINK OF SOMETHING BETTER IN YOUR FINAL MOMENTS?”
— —trained by Malesherbes Quartermane himself.—
The name’s effect was immediate: hushed, awed whispers amongst the humans, quiet, spitting rasps of disgust between the—demons?
The huge monster (demon?—Maggie couldn’t get herself to accept the possibility) roared, and she heard: “MORE SCARE TACTICS. THE HUMAN NAMED QUARTERMANE DOES NOT CONCERN US.” Then: “THE MELANCHTHUS LEGION WILL STAND THEIR GROUND!”
Conor’s angry Voice filled her mind:
—What a fool you are, demon. I will fight ye as a warrior, mate: and you will wish I had killed ye as a cowardly Mathematician. And when you are dead, I will cut your Unsolvables to bits like a drunken butcher— —
The demon took two giant strides forward, unsheathing its sword. The noise rang through the dead air, metal on leather, echoing off the rubble, the huge blade swinging up—
At that exact moment Conor lifted his arms, palms up, to shoulder height ...
—The lizard and the snake sparkled out of existence from his shoulders—
... and two very real, very substantial swords appeared in his grasp, the left one a four-foot-long gleaming green blade, arrow straight and banded brown from its midpoint to its glinting tip, the right one longer and slightly curved, with patterned elliptical designs of yellow and reddish brown down the shiny metal. Twin rubies sparkled from each silver hilt.
The demon’s instant of surprise was its first. And its last.
Conor moved once—or what appeared to be only once, it was too swift for Maggie to be sure—and the beast’s broadsword fell in four pieces to the courtyard floor, clanging loudly against it, like plate iron against granite. Maggie had heard a double-swishing hiss-hissssss! when the king moved—she jerked backward uselessly, startled—
He took a single step forward and struck again, this time so fast she could not follow the motion of his arms.
The demon abruptly halted its aggressive forward motion, raised its great horned head to the sky, and gave a shocking, high-pitched, girlish squeal of agony. It shook convulsively, as from a deep chill, and its two massive arms separated cleanly from its mammoth shoulders, falling to its sides with a heavy, wet double-thud. Algae-green blood jetted horizontally from the stumps like evil fountains.
The Melanchthus Legion were completely frozen with disbelief. Their stunned silence left only the sound of cold demon blood as it spattered thickly on the courtyard floor. Maggie’s stomach turned over; she gulped back the fierce urge to vomit just as she felt another violent tugging motion off her feet, another jarring landing.
Conor Kieran calmly approached the squealing monster, which had sunk weakly to its knees, then back on its muscled haunches.
“How I wish,” she heard him say quietly to the huge bull’s head just under his chin, “that all the peoples in all the lands ye’ve slaughtered or enslaved for your filthy emperor could see ye right now ...”
He spun about and raged at the throng: “WATCH, YE GYSSIAN SCUM! AND THEN PREPARE TO DIE!”
He wheeled around, striking in the same motion. The cobrasword in his right hand hissed up then down in a sadistic swooping arc that cleaved the great demon from the crown of its head straight through its body to its crotch. The blade exited the bottom as he twisted away—the green blade hissed, too fast to watch, slicing effortlessly through the beast’s neck, just as the two other demons that had landed initially with this one roared in unison: “KSCHARRAK!”—
—“ATTACK!”—
The king spun around, underhanding the cobrasword straight at the bull-rushing demon who was less than an angel’s breath from having him. The yellow-gleaming blood-banded blade transformed in mid-air back into a snake, wrapping round the beast’s neck, its head fanning up, rising in an S-curve, spitting venom dead-on into the cat’s eyes of the second demon behind it, blinding it, just as this first demon, which was clawing frantically at its snake-strangulated neck, lunged sword-first for the king and found nothing but air—and a shiny four-foot-long green blade hilt-deep in its stomach. Conor reached up behind his head with his other hand for the snake, which was sparkling back into a wicked sword. It uncurled as he yanked down and away on the hilt, and the huge horned head spun like a top off the demon’s shoulders, rolling heavily in front of him, just as a frenzied, screeching, rasping rush of murderous evil converged on the Red Talon from all sides, fell on him from above.
In future times of trouble and strife, of doubt and indecision, Maggie Singleton often recalled what she witnessed next, would replay it in her mind, as it inevitably fueled the courage she needed to make every impossible, overwhelming decision facing her. Because in that moment she knew precisely what was so inhuman about Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I, what was so untouchable, so unreachable.
For the King of Vanerrincourt had transformed into a savage singularity of pure, uncompromising will. His training—the Daen-Cer-Tain—had made him lightning-swift, a fearsome black blur hefting hissing blades of death that dropped the first wave of attackers in less than a second, moving so quickly that they became aware that their arms had been cut off, their legs chopped, their heads sliced from their shoulders only in that last terminal millisecond after it had happened, when they went to move and before the pain had time to register, when the daylight sped away from them finally and permanently, when they glanced down and saw that they were falling to bloody stumps, that their sword arm was missing, that they were blind, realizing only then that a gray-yellow blade had just stuck them in their brains, and that they were dying now, falling like all the rest of the onrushers, the warrior before them indeed unreachable and untouchable, inexhaustible, unyielding, unstoppable.
The bodies fell around him, forming a gruesome ring of flesh and bone and spurting red or green blood that was suddenly very difficult to get around, to stand in without slipping, which many of the attackers did. The Black Coffin’s Melanchthus Legion solved that by flashing back into mutated vultures, scaly hairless bats, alarming winged dogs, seagulls and pigeons and pelicans, and dropping straight down on him, flashing as they fell, weapons at the ready, only to find him stepping maddeningly out of the way in the very last possible moment left to him—a continuous serpentine hiss-hiss-hiss! as the lizard and the snake struck, a yellow-green-sparking Pleiades surrounding him, protecting him.... Man and demon fell, one atop the other, their weapons useless, their numbers irrelevant. New archers had joined the melee; they aimed indiscriminately, firing at the black blur, missing, often striking their own, firing and missing, firing volley after volley after volley, goaded on by their superiors, who rasp-shrieked for them to continue, to fly over him and “Flash and fire! Flash and fire!”—who did so, only to suddenly splat face first, dead, to the gore-puddled stone of the courtyard, their own arrows protruding from their chests, from their eyes, or missing their heads, their shooting arms, their hands, their legs.
Maggie had watched this, invisible, a spirit attached to the king somehow, from ten feet away. Time had stopped for her. The demons and humans rushed through her as they swarmed in on him: she felt them pass into the space she occupied. The sensation was revolting: she could feel the blind hatred and, increasingly, the fear of the soldiers as it came to them what they were up against. She would watch them die right in front of her, three, four, six at a time. Some stumbled backwards in their final moments, stumbled back through her, and she could feel their pulse pounding, could feel it falter and weaken, could feel their mortal injuries, could sense past their twisted souls the caustic terror they experienced as the inevitable came for them. These were always the humans, and she cried for them: not just for wading towards Conor weighed down with ridiculously heavy armor, which slowed them even more, but for what they had done to themselves, to their spirits, in order to clad themselves in Gyssian armor and go to war for a vile being such as Emperor Necrolius Anaxagorius. As they passed through her she could feel their fleeting, tortured thoughts of longing, of heartbreak, knowing this was where they would perish, never to see their loved ones again. The king’s blades cut through their armor as though it didn’t exist, as though it were made of air, nothing more. These humans were pathetically no match for him; and as for the demons, though some seemed to beg a novice’s understanding of the mysterious training that made Conor nothing less than a Celtic god, fighting him in groups of eight or even ten, fighting him with great coordinated speed and ferocity, they never lasted more than a few seconds, their swords or pikes or morning stars flying apart, their horned heads next, their malformed bodies mortally gored or cut five times before they even struck the bloody Temple floor. Some of the demons passed through her as they died—and Maggie could feel nothing but alien, ice-cold loathing in them for the human who had just expertly dispatched them.
But the most disturbing, sickening thing of all wasn’t the slaughter she was witnessing, but what she felt change inside her own spirit as she watched it. She had gulped back viscous acidic revulsion once the bloodshed had started; now ...
... Now she understood the look in Conor’s eyes as the boulders had spun into stars. It didn’t frighten her anymore, because she knew her own eyes, were her disembodied soul to have them, would look just as his did. As his looked right now, when the ruthless triangular nebula that was his large form stopped long enough for her to gaze into them. And this was the greatest revulsion to her of all. And with that came a tremendous neck-jarring tug from above, yanking her off the courtyard and into the Gyssian-clogged sky.
It was only then she understood Luis’ last words to her—and why she was floating up.
“No!” she screamed as she rose. “No! I want to watch! Leave me! No! I’m not the same anymore! I want to watch them die!”
The grasp of the invisible giant lifting her into the Vanerrincourtian sky disappeared, and she fell fifty feet back to Conor’s side, back through the circling Gyssians, feeling jarring pain in her ankles as she landed, just in time for a thin, high Voice to say in her mind:
—Gyssians, stand back.—
The pressing circle of weapons-wielding invaders, as though one integrated unit, fell instantly back three paces, kneeling and bowing their heads. Conor held to his fighting stance—the green sword over his head, the yellow-glinting one diagonally to his side, his legs wide apart and bent deeply at the knee—but glanced up, as if he knew exactly where the omnipresent Voice had come from. Maggie glanced up with him—
Five alarming dragon-like beasts were approaching him, each several times the size of a horse, beasts that were semi-translucent and wingless. They swam gracefully through the air as though it were water, their fifty-foot tails waving like battle standards behind them. Two pairs of dragons followed a single lead, each with a single rider aboard. The lead dragon carried Prince Trajan Chaundran.
Necrolius Anaxagorius’ top henchman floated twenty feet up, almost overshadowing the king, his disdainful, impatient gaze catching Conor’s maniacal glare. Trajan’s entourage were clad in bright red, with long black slits for eyes showing through the flimsy, fluttering cloth. They were winged, their wings naked and also bright red, but Maggie couldn’t be sure it was natural coloring or body paint.
Trajan’s contempt-laced Voice echoed through her being. He said:
—Well, well, cousin. Look at you—covered in Gyssian blood. What a display you have put on here today! Dear Aunt Kathlin, may the gods receive her selfless soul, must surely be commended. She did the impossible: she managed to hide you from me, from the Lord Emperor, and, perhaps most surprisingly, from his many Tracluse spies. And for years, no less! And—what powers you have! Thousands of Gyssian sailors dead. Whole dreadnoughts vaporized. On the whole, a most disappointing homecoming for me, I must admit. Quartermane must be very proud of his ever-faithful student, both for his fighting skill and— —a damning sneer lifted his lips— —his o’ so noble  adherence to the Oath....—
Conor flourished his swords, spattering the nearest Gyssian faces with blood; he flourished them again moments before they sparkled out of existence, the lizard and the snake reappearing on his blood-streaked shoulders. He raised his arms—
—I wouldn’t, cousin Aedan. Not before I inform you that your fleeing people have been surrounded by five divisions of the Lord Emperor’s most—shall we say, enthusiastic?—killers just north of the Lower Arrowsquallian Sister. Your pathetic fleet is burning as we speak. I’m so sorry, cousin. There are so many Tracluse among the Vanerrincourtians that your amateurish little plans to save your people were instantly relayed to the Emperor. If you strike me down, there is a standing order to put them all to the sword right down to the newest little suckling. Half a million more deaths will be on your hands, dear cousin. Half a million of your own people. Now lower your arms.—
Conor Kieran did as told, though very slowly. His Voice, at the ragged edge of control, said:
—Where is your soul-sucking mosquito leader? Buzzing over his conquests, feeding?—
Trajan Chaundran’s answer was calm, but Maggie was sure what Conor had spoken was nothing less than blasphemy. His face betrayed his feelings, darkening with outrage.
—The Lord Emperor has far more pressing matters than dealing with a renegade Mathematician,— he answered. —Surely it must have occurred even to you that we have met Mathematicians in battle on our way here. The Oath, as I have suspected all along, was nothing more than a ruse to keep rebel Mathematicians in line. It had no weight with kings and governments interested in protecting their own precious skins. Those Mathematicians we inevitably met—those who didn’t flee outright, that is—we liquidated. We’ve become quite proficient at it, in fact ...—
Came Conor’s reply as he looked around himself, at the scores of Gyssian warriors dead at his feet: —Have ye now ...—
—You will die today as well, cousin,— Voiced Trajan Chaundran, —rest quite assured of that. The Lord Emperor has ordered your execution. If you refuse to kneel and yield your life, I will signal the order for the slaughter of your people to begin. I have come here to watch you die personally, as the Lord Emperor’s second-in-command. If you do so willingly, the Vanerrincourtian refugees will be spared— —
—To be feeder-slaves for the mosquito?— echoed the Irish snarl in Maggie’s mind.
—We all must die, cousin Aedan. Better they are granted a few more years, albeit in captivity, than eat cold steel now—or worse. Wouldn’t you agree?—
Conor held still for a long time. Presently he closed his eyes, his head drooping, his blood-streaked face emptying of all resolve.
—I will have a kingly death,— he said. —By sword. You will honor me that much.—
He glanced up.
Trajan nodded. —Granted.— 
—Then order your archers to take the bead off me, ye debauched traitor, or I’ll shove those arrows straight up their arses, one by one.—
Trajan, appearing suddenly like a child caught with his hand in the cookie jar, broke his stare and looked up. Nodded again. Maggie heard:
—Stand down.—
All around the king, longbow archers lowered their bows, though they did not remove the arrows from them. Conor’s eyebrow lifted. He cocked his chin.
—All of them,— Maggie heard him growl, —including that one....—
He flicked his left hand, and the green iguana dissolved into a brilliant luminescent ball, streaking well up a huge debris pile at the edge of the courtyard, one with a half-intact roof and partially smashed entrance. The entrance was a broken archway, and dark. The ball tore through it, and Maggie heard a frightful muffled scream of pain, then silence. The ball returned to his shoulder, sparkled back into an iguana.
—Your treachery has no end, cousin,— he said. —The same goes for  your cowardice. Mark me, young one: Grandfather will be avenged. As well as your crimes against your own people— —
Trajan’s face went from disdain to insane in a heartbeat.
“THEY ARE NOT MY PEOPLE!” he shrieked (actually shrieked). “They deserve what’s coming to them. I am the rightful ruler of this land—I AM. NOT you! And when this war is over, I will be made Governor of this territory. I will. And you can mark my words, dear Aedan, that any survivors left of the refugees will wish that they had been run through today instead.”
“This war has just begun, Trajan,” rumbled Conor Kieran, the emerald in his eyes once again intense, inhuman.
The prince laughed. It was a lonely, tortured sound; no one joined him. The black funnel cloud of his winged warriors glided noiselessly above; the Melanchthus Legion on the courtyard still kneeled, their heads still bowed. Only the archers were standing, their faces impassive, detached. Of those, Maggie kept shifting her attention around, trying to locate them, certain that the king was being targeted even as he stood there. But she couldn’t spot any taking aim for him. She wished she possessed the same sight—or whatever it was—that granted him the ability to know such things. She was jumpy with fear that at any moment he was going to be shot. Trajan clearly was not a man of his word, not by any stretch of the imagination. It occurred to her just then that she had hated him on sight, from the moment she first saw him in his stateroom with Flaglyas; and now, seeing him up there, on that dragon, laughing, laughing loudly, laughing madly, laughing lonesomely, her loathing sprouted roots, wrapped round her spine, reached greasy tentacles into her skull, where they burrowed through her brain to an aching point just behind her forehead. She felt her lip curl upward involuntarily.
Presently the Black Coffin’s first quietened, wiped a tear from his eye. He glanced jovially at Conor and said, “Fascinating pets, cousin. Do tell me, were they a gift from Auntie Kathlin? From Quartermane?”
—They’re the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm.—
Trajan’s eyes widened in surprise; and then he laughed again, this time with many of the Legion surrounding the king, who were able to hear Conor’s telepathic answer just as Maggie was. They laughed with their heads bent, still kneeling.
—Of course they are!— said Trajan. —You, an illegitimate bastard child, the bearer of the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm! You, of a whore’s womb. You had the power to enter the Temple and retrieve it, I suppose? You—when thousands of others have tried for time immemorial, who have tried and died? Really, cousin Aedan, your story is quite entertaining. Do go on, do!—
But the king did not reply. When it became obvious he wasn’t going to, Trajan said:
—And I suppose with your mighty powers you defaced and destroyed the Temple? Of that I must warn you: the Emperor will be most displeased....—
—The Temple is dead. It gave me the Serpenthelm just before it died. And your emperor consumes diseased------ —Maggie couldn’t understand the word Conor used right then— —in hell.—
The prince’s face fell, his laughter instantly cut off. A murmur of outrage spread among the kneeling warriors, as if the king had just spoken the worst sacrilege, as if he had insulted their deity, their very god.
—It is to hell that you will be going very soon, cousin Aedan,— said Trajan, his Voice trembling. —And you will kneel now, and I will send you and your pets there, where you and they will pray I don’t send your countrymen shortly afterward. And of the Temple: it is immortal. Your lies have become tiresome. Now—kneel.—
Conor obeyed, going slowly down to one knee. But as he did, Maggie heard him speak:
“Why don’t you ask one of your Dreamcatchers there if ye don’t believe me?”
Thought Maggie with a start: Dreamcatchers?
Trajan Chaundran glared at the blood-streaked man staring defiantly back up at him. He turned abruptly, glancing over his right shoulder towards one of the red-clad winged beings seated on dragons behind him. The being held silent for a long moment, staring back, and then nodded.
Necrolius Anaxagorius’ first turned back in his seat, his face a bitter sneer.
—How utterly noble. An immortal—a god, really—committing suicide instead of facing the Lord Emperor courageously.— His high, thin Voice exploded in Maggie’s head: —LET THIS STAND AS A TESTAMENT: NO MAN OR DEMON SHALL EVER QUESTION THE LORD EMPEROR’S POWER! AN IMMORTAL WOULD RATHER END ITS LIFE THAN FACE THE GREATEST MATHEMATICIAN AQUANUS HAS EVER KNOWN! THE GYSSIAN SWORD SHALL RULE FOREVER!—
From around her, a punctuated “HUH!” or some such from the hundreds still kneeling around the king.
Trajan turned back in his seat abruptly, impatiently, catching the stare of another of the winged monsters behind him. They stared at each other a long time. When he righted himself in his seat, he said:
—How odd. I’m told that you’re hiding something, cousin, something quite important. Something to do with the Temple. Care to share it with me before you die? The Dreamcatcher feels it is vital I learn what it is.—
—Funny that only one Dreamcatcher feels such a thing,— answered the king. —Either he is delusional and the Lord Emperor’s other Dreamcatchers aren’t worth a seagull crap, or he is quite capable and the other three incompetent....—
He grinned.
Without responding, Trajan stared back at the trio of “incompetent” Dreamcatchers, who, one by one, shook their covered heads. Conor had closed his eyes and bowed his head, his lips silently moving, just like they had on the cliff, as if voicing a chant or oath. Maggie jerked her gaze from him to the archers all around him, and felt cold horror: they were raising their bows, all of them, raising them slowly, taking aim....
The prince righted himself in his seat, looked down at him, and said:
—A clever ploy, cousin. Divide and conquer. But ultimately useless here, a bid for more precious seconds before your head is separated from your shoulders. The Dreamcatcher is mistaken in any case: for there is no information that can hide from the Lord Emperor for long. Time has favored us, as well as the many Tracluse in his employ, as well as the winds. Any information you possess of a strategic or pressing nature is insignificant, just as you are insignificant. You are the king of a vanquished nation, a nation that chose to flee like frightened sheep rather than fight, as so many others courageously have. Truly, you have nothing to offer that is of any importance whatever....—
... Archers all around him, all aiming, waiting for the word or signal. Conor had no idea; his lips were still moving, his eyes still closed, his head still bowed.
Trajan raised his gloved hands and clapped once, twice, thrice, making Maggie jump. A heavily armored human came to his feet within the kneeling Legion, unsheathed his blood-caked broadsword, and waded through the bodies and gore, where he approached Conor Kieran from behind. The Gyssian soldier’s own eyes were without affect, without spark, without life. Trajan spoke loudly:
“By Direct Decree of the Lord Emperor Necrolius Anaxagorius, you, Aedan Chaundran, illegitimate and illegally appointed King of Vanerrincourt, have been sentenced to death by beheading. As a head of state, you are allowed a single statement before dying. Does the condemned wish to speak now?”
Conor lifted his head and opened his eyes. Dreamy eyes, as if he were somewhere else completely. He nodded one time.
“The condemned may speak.”
The executioner raised his broadsword high over his head, waited.
Conor took a breath, then muttered flatly:
“It is better to die free today than live even one second tomorrow as a slave.”
—Th-th-th-th-thwing!—
—Whistling streaks of motion—
—The executioner’s broadsword came swishing down to Conor’s exposed neck—
—A black blur of motion; blinding red-laced bolts of lightning—the pathetic braying cacophony of mutant donkeys being killed: Conor had disappeared, had stood, had moved: he had somehow come up behind the executioner, who was suddenly butting his chin against the wrapped hilt of his own broadsword, which had been plunged down his sternum and into his belly. His eyes crossed as they lost light; he gurgled richly; he keeled forward—the Dreamcatchers were all dead, shot multiple times each by their own bewildered Gyssian longbowmen: they fell limply to the courtyard because the dragons had exploded—whump! whump! whump! whump!—in bursts of aecxal light and scaly, semi-translucent flesh; Trajan’s dragon too, one last WHUMP!—The Black Coffin’s prince was suddenly alone in mid-air and falling fast, where, screaming, he landed awkwardly, bouncing ass first at Conor’s feet. He raised his hands at him, who moved instantaneously—flick! flick!—and now stared at horror at them, for both of his pinky fingers had gone missing. A woman’s shrill cry issued from his throat, his eyes white saucers as he stared with horror at them; he pulled them protectively against his chest, the stumps of his amputated fingers bleeding freely, as two sword-points, one banded brown and green, one glinting yellow and gray, came to rest an inch from his exposed neck.
“YOU CUT OFF MY FINGERS!” he shrieked, goggling at the cleanly sliced digits lying curled on the bloodied stone of the courtyard. “YOU ... CUT THEM OFF!”
“I’m going to cut off a lot more than that, mate!” roared Conor Kieran. “Now call off your Legion, or ye die!”
The huge mob of Gyssian soldiers surrounding the king still kneeled, bound by orders, but all were glancing up now, eager to move but completely unsure what to do. In all their conquests, they had yet to encounter one such as this Mathematician, trained not only in the manipulation of the aecxis, but in the legendary art of the Dain-Cer-Tain as well, who had their leader at his feet, at his very mercy. Maggie almost felt sympathy for them: she wouldn’t know what to do, either.
Both blades of the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm were at Trajan’s neck. His eyes were wild with fear, his chin streaked with his own blood. Still staring at his amputated pinky fingers, his Voice stuttered, —B-By order of the L-Lord Emperor, all Melanchthus Legionnaires are to d-disperse and return to the fleet immediately— —
“Again!” Two thin cuts instantly appeared on Trajan’s neck, began bleeding—
—IMMEDIATELY! IMMEDIATELY! BACK TO THE FLEET IMMEDIATELY!—
The armed throng didn’t wait: the flashing balls of aecxes soon left the bloody courtyard with only the King of Vanerrincourt and his younger cousin, whose sleeves were soaked with his own blood, whose face had flushed of color, who gaped up at Conor with a mix of awed horror and desperate loathing.
“I’m going to bleed to death,” he whimpered desperately. “I’m going to bleed to death ...”
The king nodded indifferently. “Ye might.” He glanced up; the black funnel cloud of attacking Gyssians was spinning apart and winging away, heading back for their vessels. He glanced back down. With steel in his voice, he said: “Kneel before your king.”
Trajan’s laugh was an effeminate snivel of hysteria. “Kneel!” he bawled. “Kneel before you! I’d rather be consumed by the Lord Emperor himself!” Then he squealed: “Your people are dead, Your Highness, do you hear me? They’re dead! The slaughter has begun! The blood of half a million of your own countrymen is on your hands—”
The cobra sparkled back around Conor’s right shoulder. He took a single step forward and slapped Trajan’s face hard, the green-brown blade still at the ready.
“I told you to kneel before your king.”
Trajan recovered from the slap, jerked his face up. A line of blood ran down from a split lip. “You cannot win,” he blubbered. “There are Tracluse everywhere, undetectable allies of the emperor! You cannot hide, we will find you, and we will hunt you down wherever you go, I promise you that—”
Conor grabbed his cousin by his hair and pulled savagely up, the iguana sword drawing a vertical line of blood to join with the three-inch-long cut below it. Maggie flinched: Conor’s voice was itself laced with mania—
“I TOLD YOU TO KNEEL—BEFORE—YOUR—KING!”
Trajan Chaundran cried out, and Maggie saw why: both of his legs had shattered when he fell twenty feet from his doomed dragon. There was no way he could kneel—but kneel he did anyway, wailing and shaking in pain, his hands clasped jealousy to his chest, his face red with effort and hatred.
Conor said:
“What will your gluttonous swine emperor say to you, Trajan, when he discovers how ye surrendered before me today instead of die with his glory on your lips, eh? Think he’ll consider it a betrayal? Think he’ll consider your failure to kill me a sign of your incompetence and weakness and cowardice? I’ve never been a bettin’ man, cousin, but I’d wager rings on that one.
“Hunt me ye will, will ye? I’m counting on it. I want it. Think your emperor is powerful? Ye haven’t seen power. Try fighting a story; try fighting a legend. I’m going to let ye live for precisely that purpose. Because that legend is out now; it’s free and flying back to your warships, where it will take root like a virus and spread. And when ye finally find me, when ye see what has become of that legend, that story, how it has hidden under your repression and death and slavery, how it cannot be crushed no matter what you do to those who speak it, even your own, who will whisper the story, who will pass it secretly on, you’ll find me a fine lot less merciful than today, trust me on that, mate. I’ll kill ye where ye stand, ye spineless traitor, and then I’ll finish your soulless freak of a leader, I will!”
Trajan’s head was down, his jowls quivering, his face purple. A line of bloody spittle ran from his chin, his eyes bulging with agony.
“I will kill you someday, Aedan Chaundran,” he spat at the ground. “I will outgrow you in power, and I will kill you, and I will sit at the right hand of the emperor, and together we will rule this world, we will rule all worlds, and when we speak your name, another world will be consumed, and we will spit the bones of the slaves into the bottomless hole we dumped your whore-suckled carcass....”
“So be it,” Conor nodded. “And as for those slaves, for my countrymen, for those you will slaughter today, for the millions of Aquanians ye’ve already killed, for their cries, their pleas for mercy, all unheard, all ignored, all falling on deaf ears, for all of them, for all who are yet to be born in your emperor’s hell, you’ve demonstrated that ye don’t need these—”
Maggie cried out, turned away. For the king had moved the sword, too fast to follow—flick! flick!—and Trajan Chaundran’s ears were cut off, falling like wrinkled pink rubber rings to his sides, embedded in twin mats of shorn brown hair. The wail of pain that issued from his mouth wasn’t real, didn’t seem possible for human vocal chords to make, so anguished and agonizing and distressing was it. The Black Coffin’s top henchman curled fetally into himself, crumpling to his side into a screaming, bleeding ball as the iguana sparkled back on Conor’s shoulder, as the king turned and strode through the grisly circle of death and away.
In Maggie’s mind then came three things in immediate succession: Conor’s tired Voice, which said, —Come, Ion. It is time to go—; a beautiful noise, one like ... like church bells, but purer, more drawn out ... and something ... another Voice ... No, an ominous, unholy multitude of Voices speaking in unison, one that carried an overpowering deathly chill with it, so much so that she shivered and hugged herself involuntarily when she heard it. It wasn’t Trajan’s Voice, she knew. It was the emperor’s. It was Necrolius Anaxagorius himself.
—Return to the Temple Intersectum at once, Legion Melanchthus, and destroy the Mathematician. Do not fail me, or you too shall perish.—
Maggie had been dragged along with the king, of course; and she watched, dazed and in shock, as he approached the stairs he had climbed earlier. In the distance, the line of misshapen birds were coming back, coming quickly. She had no idea how Conor would escape, but just then, another one of those unearthly, beautiful chimes sounded in her mind—no, not in her mind, from—from beneath her! She glanced down the stairs. She gasped.
A sea horse was floating up towards the king, the most magnificent creature she had ever seen. It’s body was purple, its scales glistening with living spiderwork veins of red, silver, and white, the great ribbed fan on its back a myriad of shifting colors like the light of Ammalinaeus filtered through diamonds. Its comma-shaped eyes were like black onyx stone, reflecting the king’s face as it rose before him. The beautiful chime sounded again, and now the king was floating off the ground, was floating into the saddle in the crook in front of the fan.
The sea horse named Ion had a large ivory-colored horn jutting out of the back of its head, one that curved downward into a sharp point and was carved and inlaid with glinting precious stones. Conor grabbed it with one hand, the reins in the other, the lizard and the snake staring straight ahead from his shoulders. He yelled “YAAAH!” and the sea horse streaked up and away, trailing a sparkling comet’s tail of aecxes, rising like a missile over the approaching black circle of Gyssian warriors, disappearing into the imposing purple-blue majesty of the skying Empress moments later.
And there was Maggie—all alone. Somehow the invisible line holding her to the king snapped when he had fled: it had felt like an umbilical chord pulling free of her midsection, causing her to cry out in pain. And here she was, without a body, without a way home ...
A shapeless fog of numbness enfolded her, carried her down twenty or so stairs, where she sat without realizing it next to a cascading stream of glittering, jumping, happy water. She extended her right hand—she couldn’t see it, but knew it was exactly where she had willed it—and fed it into the stream. She could feel the cold water wash over her fingers, could feel it somehow cleansing them, cleansing her. The water bounced down the stairs, burbling, simple, pure....
Shadows.
A wide, black stream of winged Gyssian warriors surged overhead, and then on, hot on the trail of their escaped quarry. Their echoing cries pierced the satanic fingers thrusting into the sky—she was crying, too—and the stream glimmered happily, and the water felt gratifyingly cold on her nonexistent face as she bent to it and drank of it, drank deeply. The water was brash and sweet, like childhood, like panoramic innocence, like life lived as if it really meant something, like he lived it.... The winged shadows passed overhead, endlessly; the water flowed over her hand, under her chin, into her mouth, endlessly.... Death ... life.... Did it really matter if she continued on past this point?
She brought her face from the stream, sat back, closed her eyes. The water felt good in her soul’s stomach, cooling, felt as though it was trying to heal her, trying to touch her somehow ... She breathed in, breathed out. Did it again. And again. The urgent shouts falling over the stairs told her that Prince Trajan Chaundran was receiving aid from his underlings, was being looked after. She almost felt ashamed that she was glad of it.
A long time passed.
The sun had set well behind the western Empress, casting the Temple in deep shadow, when she heard:
“Margarita.”
Maggie felt no surprise to hear Luis Arroyo’s voice, now loud and clear; nor did she feel joy or any kind of relief. She could have stayed here for all of eternity, under the continuing river of soaring hate above, with the lifegiving water washing over her right hand. Sitting on the steps of a dead and destroyed Temple.
She closed her eyes. The things she had witnessed here today were there, on the back of her eyelids, waiting for her. She knew they would never leave, ever. After a long time she sighed and, with her eyes still closed, said:
“Take me back, Luis. Take me back.”
“Keep your eyes closed, my friend.”
Maggie did so, and immediately felt heavy drowsiness overcome her. She was sound asleep moments later, unaware that she was rising up and away from the Temple courtyard into a dissolving white vortex of aecxes.
She dreamed of the Pleiades.



Chapter 33
Rendan Mortalis
She woke, blinking her eyes open under slanting golden sunshine. She blinked again several more times to clear her head. She wasn’t back in the Tijuana Estuary with Luis, as she expected to be, but in her bedroom. But not her bedroom in the home at 1024 Edgemont Street, in Imperial Beach, California, but in the bedroom of her youth in the large farmhouse at 1909 North County Road 11, fifteen miles west of Goodland, Kansas.
“Luis?” she murmured.
She called out slightly louder: “Luis?”
But no answer came to disturb the sleepy silence of her childhood bedroom.
She lay on her bed, covered in an afghan, one made by her grandmother. The sunshine in her eyes told her it was summertime: it was the only time of the year the sun was north enough to shine on her pillow—or her head atop it. Beneath her was her favorite bedspread, one made of white embroidered linen and which smelled strongly of rainwater and slightly of hay. She turned her head away from the sunbeams, pressing it into the goose down cradling her head, breathing in deeply as she took in the bedroom of her youth.
She was home.
Goodland, Kansas.
At the foot of the bed was the birch dresser her grandfather had made for her, with her burgeoning collection of fragile porcelain horses crowding its top. A small student’s desk stood next to the dresser and in front of the room’s other window, stacked with school books and various makeup implements. The closet to her left was partially open, revealing her Sunday dresses, pleated skirts, denims, and her letter jacket; and beneath these, penny loafers next to cowboy boots. Next to the closet was a tall, thin mirror. She took in another breath and glanced down at the creaky hardwood floor. The sunshine outlined her reclining body. The nightstand was just left of her and at the head of the bed; on it stood the reading lamp and her pink diary with a rosary draped over it. Maggie smiled helplessly at this last. And before she could think: What the hell am I doing here? she thought: How many times did I pray for Bobby Patterson to fall in love with me?
The room was just as she remembered it: warm and quiet and solid. The window next to her bed had been pulled open maybe six inches; through it came the base rustle of the giant cottonwood tree at the edge of the front lawn’s white picket gate as friendly random breezes played over its mighty crown. Sparrows and robins chirped and twittered, lost deep within its high boughs; some pigeons cooed from the storm drain just outside and above her windows; and there ... there was Charlie, sure enough, the utterly rebellious, utterly maniacal rooster Maggie had adopted and refused to let her dad butcher. He cock-a-doodle-dooed, and she suppressed a grin following hot on the heels of an adrenaline rush; for Charlie had cock-a-doodle-dooed one night well past curfew her sophomore year of high school, giving her away to her father, who was waiting for her downstairs in the dark. She’d been parking with her boyfriend (not Bobby Patterson, creep that he turned out to be), and the grounding she received soon after seemed an eternity, though it lasted only a month. 
She smiled wider. The grounding had originally been for only a week, until her dad discovered the very next morning the dark red oval mark at the base of her neck. The grounding was increased to a month on the spot. She became very conscious of her smile then, and felt mildly astonished. Because the argument that had ensued between her and her dad that morning, her mother standing helplessly by, was a real donnybrook, one that washed away their old relationship, which to that point had been very close and cherished by both of them, leaving behind a barren, lifeless, gully-cracked no-man’s land. It would stay that way the rest of his life.
She sat up, pulled the afghan off, swung her legs over the bed. And then it came to her: she could see her own body again! She glanced at her arms and feet, confused by their appearance. They looked familiar, yet different somehow. She noted at that point that her shoes and socks had been removed and placed at the foot of the bed near the bedpost. She placed her feet on the smooth, warm wooden planks of her bedroom floor and stood, looking down. The floor creaked as she brought her full weight to bear on it. She wobbled unsurely, dizzy, and sat back down on the bed. She stared down once more at her oddish feet.
Yep. They were definitely different. She studied them, but could see nothing out of place, really, though the skin on both looked distinctly pinker, tighter. She stood again, this time more surely, and hitched her pants up. Glanced down again. Her blue jeans were loose and baggy: there was at least three inches of give now in them, as though her adventures in Conor’s soul had reduced her weight twenty pounds. She pulled them out, stared down them. Her underwear had gone a bit loose, too. So too her shirt, her bra. Still holding her pants out, she ran her other hand through her hair, and thrilled at the touch: silky and free and warm from the sun, like running her hand through luxuriant bathwater. And long—really long, down to her waist. She turned, seeking the mirror. Gazed into it. 
She gasped and giggled at the exact same time, the sound like a child’s hiccup. She approached it, gaping, wide-eyed, the hardwood planks beneath her feet creaking with each tentative step.
She stared at a very pretty young woman wearing three-decades-out-of-place clothing staring back.
It was she, Maggie Singleton, at seventeen.
She stared for a long time. In that quiet interval she felt her lungs, her heart, her skin sing with a vibrancy she had taken entirely for granted when she was seventeen, a vibrancy that had faded imperceptibly over the years and the travels and the struggles, with motherhood ... Vibrancy dampened by heartbreak: two divorces ... her sister’s death ... her dad’s death ...
She found herself studying her once-again young hands, blinking rapidly.
This isn’t a memory, she thought, looking around once again. This is real, and now. I’ve been brought back here somehow ... to my childhood home—by Luis? If so, why? Maggie peered into the closet, fingered the clothing peeking out, then walked back to the nightstand and lifted the rosary. She sat and flipped through some pages of her diary. The words and poetry and pictures of butterflies and hearts and unicorns were almost too painful to look at. The girl who had penned them was fairly bursting with innocent passion and horizonless joy, and fiercely, unrepentantly alive, as yet untutored in a culture and country—her culture, her country—utterly contemptuous of passion, joy, and life. She thought of Melody, how she had slapped her face, had slapped it twice, had pulled her away from her best friend—her only friend, really—and that limitless horizon, had brutally condemned her passion and spirit in doing so.
She closed her eyes. She cocked her head back.
“Just like Dad,” she whispered to the ceiling. And then they were there, the memories, and she couldn’t hold them back. They overwhelmed her senses, and she, helpless, submitted to their grasping current.
It was expected that she graduate high school, find a job, and then get married—and in that order. Her sister Louise, seven years her senior, a sibling Maggie was never close to (and would never get close to, as Louise died suddenly of complications due to lupus before her twenty-ninth birthday), had fallen straightly and willingly into that track. Louise had married at nineteen, had had her first child at twenty. She would occasionally take time to drop by the house to visit Maggie and sternly remind her of the expectations on her, the primary one being to marry by twenty-one or risk being labeled an “old maid” by her classmates, by the townspeople, by her church. 
But Maggie didn’t want to get married. She was seventeen years old and a just-minted high-school graduate; it was 1974; and there was a whole huge world to explore. Her best girlfriend, Margo Freeman, had run away from home two weeks earlier. She’d visit Maggie at her cashier job over at the Schroder Fill N’ Go, where they talked for hours as Maggie rang up customers heading to points far over any horizon she’d ever seen before. Maggie’s father had long since turned into an angry glowering hawk, a man with whom she barely spoke now, despite the best efforts of her mother to broker a peace between them. Her mother, a headstrong woman, very outspoken, had given up long ago, but was unwilling to put up with more blow-ups. The resulting detente cast a permanent, silent, overbearingly weighty chill of hostility upon the home, intolerable for even a week. It lasted nearly three years.
Margo had come by one stifling July night in her Volkswagen van, and Maggie was more than ready. It was really late—two or three in the morning—and the moon was shining brightly, and the countless rows of knee-high corn surrounding the farmhouse glowed ghostly silver and smelled of fresh manure, and “The Loco-Motion” was playing on the AM radio, and before she knew it, she was tooling west on Interstate 70 towards Denver with Margo, then on to Salt Lake City, then on to San Francisco. She’d left a four-page good-bye letter tacked to the fridge, but it wasn’t the letter she kept thinking of on the open highways and biways of the western United States, nor was it what she thought of for years and years after. It was the nearly invisible silhouette of her father standing on the darkened porch, watching her leave. She thought she’d been more than quiet enough not to wake him or Mom (she became aware again of the creaking hardwood floors beneath her bare feet), but there he was, looking right at her. With a thrill of rejection, she watched as he turned about indifferently and went inside the house, closing the door.
The noise of movement downstairs startled her, buoyed her back to the placid swirling surface of now. 
She opened her eyes. She stared at her younger self for another moment, then cracked open the door to her bedroom, peeking out it before padding quietly down the hall and then warily down the stairs. She was acutely aware of the bounce in her every step, in the bouyancy of her joints, of the swift spark in her muscles, as though they were firing on jet fuel, having for years been used to watered-down convenience-store unleaded. At the bottom she craned her head cautiously around the banister.
Luis Arroyo was walking slowly through the living room, inspecting the pictures and the china and the baby Steinway in the corner, a curious smile lighting his face.
“L-Luis?”
The Healer turned his head to look at her, his smile widening.
“Look at you!” he said, beaming. “Sleep well?”
Maggie stared around herself, glancing down on her form one more time. She looked back at him and nodded unsurely.
She said, “Yeah. I ... Wha—What happened? What am I doing here? I—I can see myself!” And then she let out a squeak: her seventeen-year-old voice was unmistakably youthful, lilting, and quick, unavoidably innocent and impetuous and flirtatious.
He turned and faced her fully, regarding her approvingly. “What a beautiful young woman you are, Margarita. What are you doing here? That is my question to you! What are we doing here?”
When Maggie could only splutter in reply, gawking and gaping around herself again, then shrugging helplessly, he added:
“When I finally found you, when I finally brought you up from that soul-trace on top of the Temple, you—your spirit—fled, Margarita, but not back to the leading edge of your experience, as I fully expected, but here, deep within its aecxal core, in a place human beings can only intuit, but where, in your quieter moments, you suspect exists. I merely followed you here. I knew wherever you went in your core you would be safe. I was very glad of that. Because for a long time, you were not safe at all.”
She came to him. She didn’t know why, but she had the compelling urge to hug him, which she did. He patted her back in a very grandfatherly way, pulled back, looked in her eyes, brought a soft, wizened hand to her cheek and cupped it.
“I was in danger?” she asked.
“Oh, most assuredly,” said Luis. “I was afraid that a Medialma Sacrifen had taken place when I was thrown from the king’s soul—I still cannot surmise why I was—when he was confronted by Eleysius.”
“A ... what?” asked Maggie, perplexed.
“The Medialma Sacrifen is a prayer,” explained Luis, “one that the petitioner uses in his or her final moments of life to give his or her soul to a chosen recipient. It is taboo on Aquanus for many reasons, which we can discuss later. They are not important here. The Medialma Sacrifen can be a prayer of unimaginable power, if both the giver’s and the receiver’s souls are sufficiently deep and rich and pure, as yours is, Margarita, as the king’s is. The prayer can gift the recipient with enormous power, well beyond the sum of both souls combined. I had feared that this is what you did for the king.”
Maggie was stunned. “But ... but ... I’ve never even heard of the Medialma Sacrifen! So how could I do, or say, or whatever, it?”
Luis looked embarrassed. Then he smiled and shrugged sheepishly. “I do not know; it was the best guess I had at the time. I knew also that it was very highly unlikely; I knew you had no desire to die. But you must understand: what happened to you was unprecedented. You should by all rights be dead, Margarita. You had been absorbed into the king’s immense soul—and then into the boundless spirit of the Samanlainen Eleysius. After the king left the Temple, I grabbed you and tried lifting you away. But it was as though you were anchored to him somehow. I could not hang on to you. I had to let go. On your way back to his soul, I knew that, because of his use of his powers, if you fell into him again you would die: your body on Earth would perish, and your spirit would dissolve into his essence, into his ‘landscape,’ so to speak, as I have dissolved into yours, though not nearly as completely, of course. You would then be an integral, inseparable part of his spirit. In effect, the Medialma Sacrifen. I barely got you to land perhaps eight feet from him. Eight feet. That is how close you came to dying, Margarita. It was then I suspected something else was at play, some greater power working against my hold on you. I discovered what it was when the king’s steed, Ion, which has a deeper spirit than yours, snapped the connection between you and Conor Kieran. It was not the Medialma Sacrifen that bound you to him, Margarita. It was love. You love the king.”
He smiled at her.
“I ...” And seventeen-year-old Maggie Singleton closed her mouth.
“I am in your soul, Margarita,” he said, “and you know instantly when I tell a lie. Have I told a lie?”
“I ...”
Luis Arroyo held her hands, looked understandingly in her eyes. “Have I?”
After a long time, Maggie sighed. It was not a happy sigh.
“No.”
He patted her hands, then released them. He turned and walked to the hearth, where many framed photographs stood atop the mantle. He reached for one. Studied it.
Maggie knew instantly which one it was. It was a black-and-white of her father, taken as he stood next to a hay bail, a foot resting on it, an elbow resting on the bent knee. He was smiling, a broad, handsome, dimpled smile, his eyes dark slits, his nearly bald head shining in the sun. He held a well-worn cowboy hat in his other hand, his work clothes dirty, an old John Deere tractor just behind him. The picture was taken in 1967, when Maggie was in fifth grade, and was her very favorite photo of him, even after their catastrophic fight. Perhaps especially after: it was the way she remembered him best, the way she preferred to remember him. Luis looked at the photo some moments longer, then at her.
“Why are we here, Margarita?” he asked.
“I ... don’t know, Luis. I was hoping you did.”
“You see, I think you do know. You are just not aware of it yet.”
He took one more look at the photo, then placed it back on the hearth. “Let me help you,” he offered. “It is important that you discover the reason for yourself.”
He turned to face her, and asked: “Did you love him—your father?”
After a moment’s hesitation, she nodded stolidly.
“This house ... your body as you perceive it now ... your clothes ... everything around you, Margarita, is part of your soul, your essence. There is a great scar here, the mark of horrible violence. You cannot see it; it has been hidden by the traces of your essence devoted to healing and covering such wounds. This is how it works for everybody, else how could we make it through the many trials and setbacks and defeats of life? But I am not part of your soul, Margarita; I am but a visitor in it. The marks are here, all around me. They speak of a terrible struggle between you and your father.”
He watched her.
“How did he die?” he asked, as if those unseen markers that had revealed the fight had also revealed the nearly unendurable grief of his death.
“Riding accident,” said Maggie softly, feeling a heavy weight settle into her lungs. “He was an expert equestrian. He won many awards as a boy—him, my dad, all six-feet-three of him! Can you imagine?” Her laugh could’ve easily been mistaken for a whimper of grief. “One day he saddled up and rode into town, as he did often, even in his sixties. He was on his way there one morning when his horse spooked. At least, that’s what we think happened. He was bucked off next to an irrigation ditch, which he fell or rolled into. We think he was knocked unconscious by the fall; the water drowned him. It was awful. They didn’t find his body for three days. It was miles downstream, caught in a grate.”
After a few seconds of silence, she added quietly, “Those were the three most horrible days of my entire life.
“Melody was very, very close to him,” she continued after another long pause. “She was nine when he died. I’ll never forget having to tell her, I’ll never forget the funeral. I mean, I hated that son of a bitch,” she said, her eyes starting to sting, “but there I was, weeping like a baby. I don’t know why. Maybe because of how devastated Melody was. I didn’t think she’d understand—she was so young, you know ...” She held up, fighting the hot tide rising in her cheeks. Setting her chin, she said, “Kids really don’t understand death at that age, or so I was told.... But it was though she had lost all motor control of her body, Luis. I had to carry her like an infant. That’s how grief-stricken she was.”
Luis nodded.
“You wept because you loved him,” he said gently. “But you say you do not know why you wept, because of the great battle you had with him. You say you hated him, that he was a ‘son of a bitch.’ You cannot bridge the gap between the love and the hate you feel for him. Your father wounded you. He scarred you. But soul scars can only be created by aecxal energy. Love is a very powerful aecxal energy, perhaps the most powerful, a miraculous single Symbol of Being shared by two unique souls, the very essence of shared experience between any two who feel it for one another, as you and your father felt it for each other. There is only one other aecxis like the Aecxis of Love, Margarita; it is known as the Prayer of Ammalinaeus. But where the Prayer of Ammalinaeus grants unshatterable steel to an object of devotion between two superior Mathematicians who love each other, the Aecxis of Love is infinitely fragile and grants nothing that cannot be crushed by a single thoughtless word or gesture, and is available to anyone with courage enough to hold it, to nurture it, even if they know nothing of its existence. Do you understand?”
Maggie wiped her eyes. “I ... I’m not sure I do.”
“What does all this mean? It means that the aecxal energy that went into making these scars is the very same aecxal energy of love—for better or for worse. In truth, you wept because those scars were, and are still, very precious to you, gifts even. The depth of the wounds he inflicted on you are in direct proportion to the depth of his love for you. You knew how deeply he loved you by the ferocity of his discipline. I might add that he gauged the fight the exact same way with respect to you, Margarita, by your vehemence in rejecting his discipline.”
“You ... you know this?” asked Maggie.
“Yes, Margarita,” said Luis, “I do.”
“But ...” she said, “but ... I can’t forget.... I can’t forget the apathy, the indifference ...”
“My dear?”
“I can’t forget, Luis. I can’t. He was so apathetic, like he didn’t care at all ...”
The Healer watched her steadily. She went on:
“When I ran away, he watched me go. I saw him standing there, in the dark, on the porch. I saw him. I watched him turn and go back into the house. It was apathy, I’m sure of it. And that’s the deepest scar of all, Luis. Because it meant the fight meant nothing to him, and so I meant nothing to him....”
“But you were wrong, Margarita,” said Luis gently. “Oh, how our senses can deceive us! They convince us of what is not there, and hide from us what is. Understand this: the human soul is a fantastic thing, beyond comprehension. A lifetime could be spent studying a single human soul—a whole nation of scientists and philosophers could study it, could study it for decades and decades, with any and all the resources they required, and still only barely scratch the surface of its complexities and subtleties. I have devoted most of my life to understanding the human soul; and I can tell you now, with absolute assurance, that you are mistaken when you say your father was indifferent that evening. 
“Hear me, Margarita; listen to me. You know I am not lying to you. You know beyond sight, beyond sound. I base my assertion on the fact that the soul-trace of this home, of all around us now, is suffused with his energy as well: the aecxal energy of his complete love and devotion to you, his daughter. What you saw was not apathy, Margarita. What you saw was a potent mix of admiration subsumed by heartbreak and anger. In fact he was glad to see you go—not for himself, but for you. He knew it was time for you to get after those hopes and dreams, ones he knew you had hidden very close to your heart, but ones he suspected all along nonetheless. In truth, he was quite proud of you. You were choosing a different life than those of your friends or sister, whom I can sense as well. You were choosing a life that ran at odds with the community of Goodland itself. You were choosing your life. Yours. No, Margarita. I am sure of it: your father was very proud of you.”
Maggie said nothing, only blinking heavily. Her young, pink cheeks burned with the struggle to maintain her composure.
“The Aecxis of Love, twisted into thoughtless rage, is a most dangerous thing,” continued Luis. “The Aecxis perverts: it mutates to act in mutually contradictory ways, and from opposite directions: to honor and cherish and ennoble and empower, but also to tear down and humiliate and shame and isolate. It works against itself, ultimately wreaking havoc on the antagonistic souls. If you wish to know why Flaglyas Turpensus—Necrolius Anaxagorius, the Black Coffin himself—invaded Aquanus, look no further than here, Margarita, at what I have just shared with you. The Aecxis of Love is more potent than you can possibly imagine.”
He grabbed her wrists, his brown eyes full of great intensity. Her heart leaped.
“It is essential you understand this, Margarita, essential! Truly, very few have the courage required of true love: love of woman, love of man, love of Earth, love of Aquanus; love of the forest, love of the river, love of the sky, the rain, the lightning, the moon and constellations and galaxies; the love that rises like steam from that first kiss and dews your eyelashes and colors your dreams and flushes your pretty cheeks. It takes far more courage to share that special Aecxis with something or someone than it does to fight in the most terrible battle, for all but a very few have the courage to risk its vast treasures—and its enormous dangers. And dangers they most certainly are, Margarita, dangers that can lead to the most dreadful consequences if unleashed, the very worst of them being indifference—the very same indifference you thought you detected in your father. Do you understand?”
Maggie nodded, gulping, grateful she did in fact understand: the thought of what her guide might be like if she didn’t was frightening to consider.
“Do you think parents love their children, Margarita?” 
Maggie was surprised by the question. “I ... Well, that’s a silly question. Of course I do!”
“But they do not. Very few parents truly love their children.”
“But—how can you say that? It seems so wrong, so ... so unfair....”
“Ask yourself: am I offering you a fabrication?”
“N-No ... you aren’t lying to me, if that’s what you’re asking. But doesn’t that just mean you are ...” She struggled to find the words. “... that you are telling the truth, as opposed to ... to ... offering me facts? I mean, is there a difference?”
“There is. And I do not mean to confuse you; my apologies. But as startling as it sounds, I am offering you a fact: most parents do not love their children. Most parents want their children to be simple clones of them, not to be their authentic selves. Your schools are lifeless, airless factories, where the curriculum is not to educe, to lead the children out from themselves, but to stamp out the irreplaceable spark of their unique beings in order to be functioning machined parts for their culture. Children like Melody, like the Young Master, are those your educational system most wants to destroy, because those children are the ones who refuse most steadfastly to go along and get along, who do not care for popularity or for fitting in, who have no interest whatever in being shaped or molded or machined. Deep, deep down, they understand their own uniqueness, and have no interest in letting it be crushed. Uniqueness truly realized is greatness, Margarita. But uniqueness threatens your educational system and the parents who support it, either consciously or by default, parents who ultimately work in concert with those schools to squash their children into mediocre beings, believing that mediocrity will grant them safety. ‘Safety’ to them means fitting in, being the same as everyone else, being respectable, acceptable. From that is bred, inevitably, the mediocrity characteristic of the assembly line: the cloning of oneself, the squeezing of one’s infinitely matchless spirit into a prefabricated mold, be it a belief system or career or religion. Most parents take special pains to crush the authentic spark out of their children, because it threatens them personally: they do not want to see that spark, because it reminds them of how they ultimately denied it within themselves when they had a chance to recover it and nurture it. They call that spark ‘immaturity’; the crushing of it they label ‘necessary’ and ‘the price of growing up.’ Well, Margarita, they can call it whatever they want except love, because love is the last thing that it is.
“Your father let you go that night because he dearly wanted that spark in you to live on, to survive. It was, in fact, the greatest single gift of love he ever gave you.
“True love is fraught with necessary risk, Margarita. Hence the courage necessary to have it, to give it. The Aecxis of Love creates and destroys. But what it destroys is suffused with new Aecxes, like its children, which can only reorganize and recreate to something even higher, even more capable of love. Love is the child of Conscience. To have the courage of love is to understand that life and death are not opposites, but are merely two sides of the same coin. The copper of one is the very same copper of the other. But it is a coin too heavy for the Infected—that is to say, those who deny love, who abort it, or for the True Believers—those whose souls are effectively dead—to carry, to hold, to spend, to profit from, and to give profit to others. They shrink from it. Thus they achieve the only immortality possible in this or any other world: for they never truly live, thus they can never truly die. In their cowardice they become desperate consumers, not unlike the Black Coffin himself. But where Necrolius feeds on souls, the Infected become frantic with the desire to fill the ever-expanding void within themselves with the trite, the shallow, the unnecessary, the foolish, the fraudulent, the false.
“All your religions, all your systems of thought, are devoted at core to destroying true love, for true love can only exist—can only exist sustainably—in individuals, not spiritual or philosophical or psychological clones. But clones of all three types make up almost all of Earth’s inhabitants, Margarita. They are told if they just believe this, if they just believe that, that they will be saved. Not one of them asks what they will be saved from. Not one of them sees that belief is just shielding from looking at the bright light of truth. And so Earth is dying, Margarita, sure to suffer a fate as horrible as Aquanus’. Perhaps worse.”
He asked: “Have you read the Bible, Margarita?”
She was startled by the question. “I ... I suppose I did. I went to Catholic school as a child, and Catechism, and then Confirmation.... There was a fair amount of reading it back then. Why do you ask?”
“I am thinking of a quote from the New Testament.”
“Which one?”
And Luis raised his voice in a manner that chilled Maggie to the very marrow in her bones, because she could plainly hear the True Believer in it, could see it in the sudden numb distance in his eyes:
“ ‘Enter by the narrow gate,’ ” he said slowly, powerfully, his voice nearly singsong, “ ‘for the gate is wide and the way is easy that leadeth to suffering, and those who go through it are many. But the gate is narrow and the way is hard that leadeth to true life, and those who find it are few.’ ”
He brought that numb gaze to hers. He said, “I never told you what I was before the great storm that hurled me and my ship across the Tangent so long ago ...”
She waited, too frightened to ask. Her friend and guide had cleansed himself in that moment, so that she sensed in his spirit a cold purity that offered no mercy, took no heed of anything past its deadly purpose.
He said, “I was an Inquisition priest. I tortured and killed Jews—men and women and children—in the name of God, in the name of love. Later, in the New World, I did the same to natives, to Aztecs, to anyone aboard ship guilty of blasphemy, of heresy. I was very, very good at my work, Margarita. I believed in what I did. The Holy Church even took notice of my efforts through the Bishop of Calahorra, who praised my order, and me in particular, for my part in the tortures, and who told me it was the sanctifying work of God.”
Maggie was speechless, and for a moment as terrified as any time watching demons land around her and the king.
“My true name is not Luis Arroyo,” he said. “It is Luis Diaz de Luco Mendoza. I took the name Arroyo after the great storm, when I watched my shipmates die, one by one, when I came to realize just how evil I was. Arroyo in Spanish means a dry river bed or gully that fills after a thunderstorm. I had two great storms, Margarita: the one that carried me to Aquanus, and the one after, even fiercer, that washed me away in the raging current of blood of the innocent men and women and children that I had killed....”
His eyes had softened as he spoke; they were shiny now, and wide.
“There was a single Bible left on the tattered wreckage of our ship,” he went on, “and I read it every day, every minute I could. But especially that passage, Margarita. Want to know why? It was the very one I used before I began my tortures. I used it as a True Believer, though I was not one, else I could not be with you now. But I was as close to a True Believer as you can get without actually being one. Sitting on that boat, I began to read that passage differently, to see and feel it differently. I began to understand. The narrow gate does not refer to being a pious True Believer, but to love, Margarita, love. It is a hard path, as Christ said, wholly unpopulated, and I had nearly missed it. I had nearly missed it ...”
He released her wrists and turned away, lowering his chin. Maggie could tell that he had closed his eyes. She was going to ask after him, but he spoke:
“Your family’s catholicism never took hold of you. Tell me why.”
“I ... I don’t know,” answered Maggie. “I guess I could never buy the whole great bearded white guy living in a high-altitude exclusive country club story, who cared whether or not I flossed at night, or if I cussed, or cheated on my taxes, or didn’t support the troops. I hated the guilt of it all, the rank hypocrisy. My best friend Margo used to call me the—”
She cut off.
“The what?”
She finished uneasily, “The ... the West Kansas Heretic.”
Luis chuckled, turned around. His gaze had returned to what she was familiar with: gentle, amused, affable. “So you are an atheist, then?”
“No,” said Maggie. “Atheism, it seems to me, is just as dogmatic in the end as catholicism; science is its religion. I generally find atheists just as off-puting, just as intolerable. I ... I guess I don’t know what I am. I guess I really am the West Kansas Heretic.”
She looked into his dark eyes, now unafraid.
“Why are we here, Margarita?”
And then she knew exactly why. And when she spoke, it wasn’t unsurely, but as if she’d known the answer all along and was merely reciting it.
“I was afraid of Aedan’s—Kieran’s—eyes, like I was afraid of yours just now. I was afraid of what I saw in them. Deathly afraid. I was afraid because as a girl I occasionally saw that very same thing in my father’s eyes. I told myself long ago I’d never become like that, never let my passions overtake me like that, never care so much about something that I’d become that—because that thing was what I ultimately blamed our fight on.”
“Tell me what ‘that thing’ is.”
“His catholicism. His dogmatism. Being a True Believer.”
“But now you know differently. The truth is here, all around you. I can see it clearly. You can feel it. Your father was not a True Believer. His love was authentic, his catholic beliefs secondary, at best. The evidence here reveals very strong doubt in him. He likely passionately questioned the tenets of the Church, and his faith. He was a very private man, yes?”
Maggie nodded.
“These things he did in private. I doubt he even told his wife, your mother. But they were there. Because they are here, right now. I can see them.”
She held still.
“The king did not fight those demons, those dead-eyed men—they’re called Yellow Tracluse—out of hate. He fought out of love. Love for his world, which loved him back. Yes, Margarita, Aquanus is alive, Earth is alive, as are many, many things you believe are not alive and take for granted and abuse as inanimate and lifeless. Aquanus saved the king, gave him a new life, gave him a new chance. As it did for me.”
She thought of the men on the courtyard ... their eyes ... their hate ... their complete willingness to die for the Black Coffin.
“Luis ...”
“Yes?”
“You just used a term the king—Aedan—used when he talked to me that day on the Pier: ‘Yellow Tracluse.’ What are they? They attacked him on the Pier that night; and Trajan heaped praise on them while he talked to him. Are these the ‘Infected souls’ you speak of?”
“No, Margarita. They are the endpoint of an Infected soul. They are what happens when the Infection goes past the point of recovery. They are True Believers. Once you kill the child—the Aecxis of Love—the parent—the Aecxis of Conscience—is sure to follow. Tracluse is an Aquanian term for traitor. The ‘Yellow’ in ‘Yellow Tracluse’ is denigrating: it is slang. It does not refer to skin color, but connotes cowardice. Not the cowardice of shrinking from war, from the battlefield, but the greater cowardice of shrinking away from, denying, or destroying the Aecxis of Love. On Aquanus, where the Aecxis of Love is much more highly evolved, and thus are the tragic consequences of denying it, Tracluse lived—if you can call it that—as a single nation, a kingdom, one absolutely devoted to spreading their disease and destroying those who worked against them. As such, they were perfect pawns for the Black Coffin, who used them for years before the invasion to wreak havoc in all the nations of that world, to Infect countless others in order to easier prepare the way for his invasion.
“Earth has its equivalent. Your world is full of Infected souls, Margarita. It is full of Tracluse, or True Believers, as well. How do I know? I look around and see. But it does not require the superior eyes of a Dreamcatcher, only the very middling eyes of a human being. I look and see a swirling sea of plastic refuse twice the size of the American state of Texas out in that big, beautiful ocean—the ocean that gives all life. And what is the reaction? Indifference. The classic reaction of Infected souls. I look and see poisoned air, poisoned water, poisoned food, a planet literally baking itself to death from the perverse gluttony of six billion of its so-called highest evolutionary species. The reaction? Indifference. Your liberties and your privacy are slowly eroding away, aided and abetted by ... indifference. Indifference to the True Believers destroying them, or worse: supporting those True Believers, exalting them, believing in them. Look around, Margarita! Your lives are bought and sold by the highest bidders—your very DNA!—to corporations, which is to say Tracluse, the most highly organized earthly variety of them. Look around, Margarita! What do you see, hear, and feel from practically everybody? Indifference. Billions of human souls, all set to a central preoccupation too absurd to be real: the assembly line, pushing endless buttons, unthinkingly, indifferently, fraught with cowardice: too cowardly to truly live, to make the hard choices the Aecxis of Love ultimately demands; too cowardly to truly die.
“Your friend called you the ‘West Kansas Heretic.’ You need to know this, Margarita: I once gleefully tortured human beings whom the Church had condemned—or had merely suspected—of heresy. Had I known you then, I would have had hot pokers thrust into your mouth, into your rectum, just for admitting it. All in the name of Christ.”
He noted her look of nauseated horror and said, “I wonder: Do you know the origins of the word heretic?”
Maggie shook her head nervously, gulping back the fear and bile.
“It is Greek. Hairetikos. It means able to choose. It means factious. Factious—dissentious. A dissenter. An Infected soul cannot choose because it has invested itself so much in its indifference, in its cowardice, in its daily countless excuses for living like a zombie that to authentically choose would effectively end its life as it knows it. A heretic chooses. A heretic is an authentic being, a freethinker. Concerned. Connected. Interesting, is it not, how the Infected ones and their more virulent brethren, the True Believers—Tracluse—have for thousands of years warped the language to their own ends? They have. And so millions upon millions have died—I am guilty of killing my share of them—the very millions who could have saved Earth.”
Maggie thought for a long time, then said: “But Aedan is a True Believer, isn’t he, Luis?”
The Healer shook his head. “No.”
“Then I don’t understand the difference between a True Believer and Aedan.”
“The difference is very subtle, Margarita—at least on the surface. A True Believer and the king may appear identical, and probably would to all but a very few. True Believers are the inevitable outcome of the Infected soul, like death is the inevitable outcome of terminal cancer. Unlike their less affected compatriots, however, True Believers are not indifferent. They may appear to be, but make no mistake: they are extraordinarily passionate about their Infected causes and religions and political parties. They are fearsome fighters, fearless and unrelenting. They are the proud foot-soldiers of their god. And they will gladly march to their death in service to their god, their glorious leader, their system of thought. You saw them on the courtyard. But the difference between a True Believer and one like Kieran Conor is infinite, Margarita. The difference is between saying a pledge of allegiance and refusing such a pledge, in reciting an apostolic creed and refusing to do so. In taking an oath, such as the king took, one that injured him, and refusing that oath. 
“Truly great souls seek no higher ground than their own spirit, Margarita, for the simple reason that there is no higher ground anywhere. It does not matter how many billions believe otherwise, or what their gods or prophets or philosophers or scientists or political leaders say to the contrary. Because the human spirit has its own aecxis, the parent of love’s Aecxis, one that connects directly to the very Source of the Universe. Gaians call it conscience, but I shall not use that term, for what Gaians conceive of as ‘conscience’ is only the very tip of the iceberg. No, what I speak of is the Aecxis beyond all aecxes, the Daen-Cer-Tain. Now we are not talking about the tip of the iceberg, nor even the whole iceberg: we are going past that, to the ocean that contains that iceberg, then the world that contains that ocean, then the Universe that contains that world. Yes, excellent. You recognize that term. You heard the king use it on the courtyard, when he spoke to the demon commander Kekthch before killing it. The Daen-Cer-Tain has many translations, but the best is: Is, but also Is Not. It describes the rarefied state of grace all who would bear the title Kumiyaay must achieve before being honored as such. By contrast, the training for Kumiyaay is called the Daen-Cer-Dain: Is, and Still Is, or, alternatively, Is Not, and Still Is Not. Do you follow?”
“I ... I’m not sure ... I think so....”
“The king is a heretic. He thinks for himself. He Is for himself. But also ... he Is Not for himself. He is an authentic being. Those Infected lot would look at that and call him the epitome of selfishness, but this is not true; for the king and all like him are the only ones capable of the greatest service possible to humankind, to Earth, to Aquanus. And that greatest possible service, which they offer every second of every day, is simply that they are uniquely and unapologetically and unerringly themselves. So I shall ask you yet one more time, Margarita: Why are we here?”
Maggie held up. Then she said:
“We’re here because ... because my father was a heretic. He was a freethinker. That’s what was in his eyes.” She took a deep breath. “He loved me. But he was also human. He was imperfect. He made mistakes, just like I have with Melody, just like Aedan has made with me. I said some really horrible things to him, my dad. I told him he was a horrible father. I told him he didn’t love me. I told him I hated him. He ... he didn’t mean to ground me for that long; that stupid hickey surprised him. I was ashamed of it myself. I ... can feel the truth now ... I can feel it.... He was going to talk to me that day, not ground me for a month. He was going to drop the week’s grounding, in fact. He was going to talk to me about boys, and warn me to be careful. But he saw the hickey and blew up. It wasn’t from his catholicism, from his church or beliefs, but from love. His little girl was growing up, and he was afraid and hurt. He didn’t want to lose me, to let me go. I’d always been his best friend. But he blew up, and I did too, and then it was too late....”
She closed her eyes. They burned with angry tears, because she’d sworn ages ago she’d never cry about it again.
“We’re here because the origins of my actions on the Pier, the horrible things I said to my daughter, to Yaeko, to Aedan, can be found here. We’re here because I’m a heretic, too. I truly am the West Kansas Heretic.”
Luis was nodding, an understanding smile slowly pulling his face up.
“Are you ready to go on with ‘The Legend of the Red Talon,’ Margarita?”
She sniffled, blinked her eyes open, dabbed them with the hanky Luis handed her.
“You mean I passed the test? I’m going to heal? I’m not Infected? I won’t become a Tracluse, a True Believer?”
“One of the incredible things about you, Margarita, is that you did not let your bitter struggle with your father Infect you. It injured you deeply; it did not Infect you. The strength of your character is quite impressive. It shows all around me, in this most awe-inspiring soul of yours. There was no test to pass; and no, you won’t become a True Believer, a Tracluse.”
“Have the scars gone away?”
“No. It does not work that way. The scars are here to stay—and that is a good thing. A new aecxis has been born within you today, a new Aecxis of Love, hewn from your very spirit, Margarita. It seeks for its other half. It seeks for your father. It will eventually overcome and destroy the old Aecxis.”
“But ... Dad is dead,” she said worriedly.
“He is, Margarita. And nothing can bring him back. The new Aecxis of Love within you will cause you pain, because it will seek for your father in the place that it feels him most deeply, which is here, in the aecxal core of your soul, where the scars of the great battle you had with him can be found. It will destroy the old Aecxis, and that will hurt. On Aquanus that special destructor is known as Rendan Mortalis. It will hurt, and you will cry, and the scars will remain. But what will happen is miraculous. For from the hardened flesh of these scars your father—his name was Thomas Cobb, was it not?—Thomas Cobb will be, in a way, reborn—recreated—in your spirit. That’s what the Rendan Mortalis does. And from your very spirit, from here in this home in your soul he will offer you his wisdom and advice and, yes, his scoldings and chastisements. He will love you and smile at you, and he will kiss you at night as you tuck in for bed. He will hold you and laugh with you, as he once did, as he longed to every day after the fight, every day until he died.”
“He was a great leader,” said Maggie aimlessly, wiping tears away. “He was a war hero. He had medals, I saw them once. I wasn’t supposed to—he’d hidden them away. He never talked about how he’d earned them; he never talked about the war. But one of his war buddies got drunk one time and told me—I was just a little girl—to look at my dad a good long while, because I was looking at a great man, a great hero. Aedan is just like him in so many ways ...”
She came back to herself.
Luis was smiling knowingly at her.
“It takes courage, Margarita. I told you it did. It takes the highest courage possible for any sentient being. Have you the necessary courage to accept the Rendan Mortalis growing in you? Have you the courage to continue with my little tale?”
After a long time, Maggie nodded. Then she laughed weakly. “Hardly little.”
Luis laughed with her.
“No, it is not,” he said. “There is much for you to see yet, much to understand. When it is over, you will see with new eyes; you will see your daughter in a whole new way. You will have the perspective necessary to make the truly heretical decisions to guide her and yourself forward. Shall we proceed?”
Maggie sniffled; then she kissed Luis’ cheek, and hugged him again, surprising him. “No,” she said. “No, Luis. I want a short break. A few hours, at least. I want to run. I want to go outside and run. I want to kiss the cottonwood tree out front, and look up at the canopy of big leaves. I want to watch the sun filtering through them. The sunlight of my soul. I want to get lost in the corn stalks—I could hear them beyond the tree earlier, I’m sure of it. They must be fully grown. I used to do that all the time: walk into them and pretend I was a great adventurer seeking new lands. I’d come out all muddy and feel glorious. I want to run and get Kansas dust on my hands, on my knees, behind my ears. I want to walk along the county road. It’s a road to forever, Luis.” She laughed. “I’m from Kansas—all the roads go on forever!” She sniffled again. “I feel so light now; I ...”
“You what?”
She looked at him playfully. “I want to play a game of basketball with you. Do you know horse?”
Luis shook his head. “ ‘Horse’?” he said, slightly alarmed.
“Yeah! Horse! I shoot the basketball; and if I make it, you have to shoot it the same exact way. If you don’t make it you get an h, then an o, and so on. And if you make it, then you shoot a basket, and if it goes in, I have to shoot the exact same way, otherwise I start collecting the letters that spell horse. The first one that spells horse loses! Come on!” she giggled sweetly, reveling in her reacquired youth, “I’ll teach you. C’mon, Luis, it’s fun, I promise!”
And she grabbed her guide’s wrists and led him out through the kitchen and the back door, his face still registering alarm.



Chapter 34
Faster Than Fear
There was a point when Maggie, watching the basketball arc through the warm air towards the hoop, watching Luis smile as it went in, watching him eye her carefully as she tried to make his shot, and then pump his fist in the air victoriously as she missed and he won the game (he’d lost the first two), realized that she would remember this moment with her guide and friend, would remember the leathery-dusty smell of the basketball, its firmness, the small bumps over its surface, would remember the high, high clouds overhead, would remember the weathervane over the barn and the dust hanging over County Road 11 like a shaft of golden angel light laid just over its dirt surface, would remember the pink lemonade in the refrigerator and the cube ice in the freezer, how good the lemonade tasted, how its tangy sweetness bit her tongue and cooled her as it went down, how cold the slick ice felt against her lips and teeth, and how Luis smiled as he drank, and how completely sated she felt, as if the liquid were real ... as if she really was back in Goodland, Kansas, and all of this, this entire experience, was being gleaned from a world apart from herself, outside herself....
But it wasn’t. This was all she, Maggie Singleton, all of it, and always had been, unknown and hidden away inside her. She had gulped down the lemonade, had refilled her glass and emptied it, had bolted upstairs to fetch her shoes and socks and a belt, and then out the back door before Luis could even begin to form the words to ask her where she was off to. She had jogged down that angel-lighted county road, reveling in her newfound youth, had flown into the corn, had lifted the ripening ears to her nose and inhaled deeply, had stooped and dug her fingers deeply into the moist brown soil of a row, soil fetid and rich and wriggling with earthworms.
She dumped the dirt and stood, wiping her hands on her pants, and walked deeper into the tall green forest of stalks, feeling the smooth, plastic-like brush of long, thin leaves against her skin, emerging some time later at the irrigation ditch bordering the east edge of the farm’s property. There was a another dirt road there, just wide enough for a tractor to negotiate, deeply rutted, with a median of high weeds. She crossed it, came to the ditch. It was full, the water silent as it swirled by, the current creating small whirlpools as it swept past the rocks and broken concrete slabs of the ditch’s sides. She thought: If I fall in this now, will it kill me like it did Dad? It was a large ditch, thirty feet across and at least ten feet deep when it was full like this. The water, she knew, was ice cold, fresh from the Long Pond Reservoir ten miles away. The thrill of fear touched her then, and she chided herself: This is me, this is my soul: What do I have to fear?
She came to the ditch’s edge, hesitated, then eased herself carefully down the three feet of crumbling dry side until she was able to reach the water’s surface. She dipped her hand into the water, felt the deep cold bite her fingers, felt it curl past them. When she was a little girl, and before the ditch filled in earnest during the hot months of summer, she’d come here and catch crayfish and hunt for bull snakes. There was a snapping turtle down here somewhere, one she and Margo had named “Grandpa Snapper,” an ancient reptile, huge and foul-tempered. They had found it hiding in the ditch-side grasses one day, a lumpy brown-gray dome, expertly camouflaged. They’d approached it with an old broom handle, poked it in the back a few times. With a swiftness that made them jump back, Grandpa Snapper struck out at the handle, snapping it in two as easily as a twig, the pieces floating off along with Grandpa Snapper, who grumpily submerged, disappearing moments later under the deceptively calm surface.
Something pinched her arm just below her elbow, and Maggie smacked at it compulsively. She lifted her hand. She’d smashed a mosquito, which lay sprawled and broken above a small splotch of her own red blood. A mosquito—in her soul! It had bit her, had bit her hard, and already the welt was itching furiously. A mosquito!
She thought then of basketball. She figured since she was in her soul, she could will the ball into the basket with each shot, and was surprised when it didn’t work. Luis watched her, studying her, as if he knew what she was trying to do. It was her soul, and yet she had no control of the basketball in it, or the breezes moving the weathervane—or the mosquitoes! There was randomness all around her, in her own spirit, biting her, refusing to fall into the hoop, settling as dust over County Road 11, settling into her open palm as a cottonwood seed, swirling past her as water.... And she thought about God, and about mathematics and number sets, about infinity coming in different sizes, and wondered if human souls were simply infinite entities bound inside an infinitely greater entity—God’s? And then she wondered if randomness really existed, if it weren’t in fact an illusion, a misperception of scale. She studied the dead mosquito on her arm, wondering if she’d killed part of her spirit in killing it, or maybe killed something “random” in her being, something that wasn’t supposed to die. Or—was supposed to. She ladled cold ditch water over the insect, washing it and the blood off, then climbed up the side and meandered wonderingly back into the corn.
At the county road she stopped, shocked. An old tan Chevy station wagon was growling by, the driver honking in greeting as she passed, her hand out the window, waving. Mrs. Lyons! But—how could that be? Mrs. Lyons had died before Maggie turned fifteen! How could she be here, in her, Maggie’s, soul?
Maggie stood there, at the edge of the road, completely dumbfounded. She walked home in a daze, and before she knew it, she was facing Luis, sitting on the couch next to him.
“Luis ...”
“My dear?”
“I’m so confused ...”
“Yes, I anticipated this.”
“I’ve ... I’ve got so many questions ...”
He waited patiently.
“I ... I don’t even know where to begin. But on the way back here I kept thinking of Eleysius, and then the day Melody was conceived. On that day, March fourteenth, both Rich, my ex-husband, and I heard a song. It was one that Yaeko said she’d composed. But that’s impossible! I remember when she told me something snapped inside, something very powerful. It was too much. I don’t remember much after that.... 
“I just saw my neighbor, Mrs. Lyons, on the way back here. But that’s impossible too, she’s dead, but there she was, toolin’ by in her old Malibu station wagon, and I thought of the song, Yaeko’s song, and mosquitoes, and God, and number sets, and random chance....”
Luis listened, but didn’t say anything to help her out. Maggie drifted off. When the silence following stretched past a minute, he asked:
“... Eleysius?”
She blinked, came back. “Oh. Oh, yeah. Eleysius. I’ve seen so much, but none of it really affects me as much as when I was in the Temple, in Aedan’s soul. I swear, Luis, there were moments when it seemed he, Eleysius ... that he was looking right at me, not at Aedan—Kieran—but me. Like he knew I was there, in Aedan’s soul. And then when he spoke, when he said Melody would be known as ‘Silence, the Slayer of Song’—”
“No, no, Margarita,” Luis interrupted, “that is incorrect. I have been in the king’s soul many times to witness that very encounter, in order to better help him and to be a witness to what happened to him there. The Samanlainen did not say ‘Slayer of Song,’ he said ‘Savior of Song.’ ”
“But—”
“They sound very close, I agree: Slayer and Savior. But rest assured, he said that your daughter would be known as ‘Silence, the Savior of Song,’ not ‘Slayer of Song.’ ”
“But—but I ... I was so sure he said ... I mean ... and he looked so sad, so utterly, terribly sad.... And he was looking right at me, Luis, me....”
Luis patted her knee. “You are heavily invested in this story, Margarita,” he said, “and so you will naturally read into things that are not there. I feared this might happen. It is inevitable at a certain point, actually, and there is really not much I can explain to you that will help you now. Please do not think I am patronizing you; I am not. I told you that the human soul is incredible, beyond your wildest imaginings. There is a danger with my work with you, Margarita, for your soul has been very seriously injured, and so requires that I show you things, very sensitive things, very frightening things, and allow you to experience them, which might end up injuring you even more. But it is a risk I have to take: it is the only way to bring you to a point of healing, of resolution and focus.”
“But ...” (Maggie’s mind kept screaming: He said ‘Slayer’ NOT ‘Savior,’ I’m sure of it!) “But ...”
Luis waited.
She took a short, punctuated, frustrated breath.
“Was that Mrs. Lyons I saw back there? Can you answer that for me?”
“The answer will not help you, Margarita. Are you sure you want to hear it?”
“Yes, I’m sure ...”
“The answer is yes, it was she; but it was also not she.”
“You’re right, that doesn’t help at all.”
He smiled sympathetically at her.
“These are not simple experiences you are having, Margarita; these are meta-experiences. They are experiences not of three dimensions and time, but spirit, which takes you into an infinitely greater realm of possibilities and potentialities. Time is often referred to by your scientists as the ‘fourth dimension.’ Crudely put, spirit is the fifth, and can be, and often is, completely independent of the other four. You say you heard the Young Master’s music on the day Melody was conceived. While this is unprecedented, and seemingly quite impossible, even to me, it becomes less daunting to consider when you factor in the information I just gave you. There is much of the human soul that I do not understand—and I am the king’s Healer, a Dreamcatcher, unquestionably the greatest in the kingdom and maybe even on all of Aquanus. I do not boast; this is not boasting. I tell you this because I wish to make it clear just how woeful even I am in the consideration and knowledge of the human soul.”
“The music came on the day Yaeko was born.”
“The same day that Melody was conceived,” said Luis.
“Yes.” And Maggie shuddered involuntarily. She shuddered because she knew now—knew because of all she had seen and witnessed here, in her soul, and in Aedan’s soul—she knew that such had not been mere coincidence, to be chalked up to mere chance. There had been an agency powerful enough—spiritual enough?—to bring that beautiful melody back in time—and didn’t Luis just say that spirit was independent of time?—to her, to Rich, while they lay in bed that spring day fourteen years ago. The implications were breathtaking, and she desperately did not want to consider them, much as she knew that the time was rapidly approaching in which she would have no choice.
Luis must have sensed her fear, because he reached for her hand and squeezed it tightly. “You are a strong woman, Margarita,” he said. He looked around. “I am sitting in the proof of that statement, quite literally. You may take this for granted, you may not. You have not seen what the Infected, or Corporate, soul looks like. It is dreadful to behold. And the True Believer effectively has no soul. Let us be grateful that your spirit is strong enough to mull the miracles around you, and to consider even greater ones in your daughter and the Young Master.”
Maggie gulped, nodded, took a breath.
“Luis ...”
“Yes?”
She wanted to ask him about Dreamcatchers. Was it a job, like being a computer technician or auto mechanic, or was it a species of being? She thought of the red, winged, veiled monsters waiting on dragons behind Trajan. Was Luis...? Was he...?
She looked at him. He was smiling patiently back at her, waiting.
“Nothing,” she said. “It can wait.”
“Then let us continue on with the story, shall we?”
She smiled weakly. “May I take this seventeen-year-old body with me?”
Luis laughed. “How lucky you are, Margarita, that you got to experience it for a second time, and with the wisdom of forty-seven years to truly appreciate it. The young never appreciate their youth. How can they? While this is certainly tragic, what is more so is the fact that most people never truly experience their bodies their entire lives. That sounds ridiculous, but it is, most unfortunately, true. You on the other hand have found a little slice of Heaven—this tiny corner of your spirit. You have found that Heaven, that little bit of it; you know it is there now; and you can rest easy, knowing it will be there always, knowing it will be with you wherever you go—no matter how old you get.”
“Will this part of the story take as much courage as the last did, Luis? Because, honestly, after seeing what I have already, I don’t know if I have it in me.”
“It will, Margarita. But perhaps not so much for you as for me.” He glanced at her, his eyes shiny and sad.
“We can skip it then,” she said, feeling the urge to hug him again. Those eyes ached.
“No, we cannot. It would not be right of me to spare you the visions of the king’s desperate voyage to the Gaian Tangent, what happened on the way, what happened once there. You will see and hear and feel it all. And you will know, and when you finally know, when this tale finally reaches its end, your soul will be healed, Margarita. That is what stories are supposed to be for: to heal the human soul, to uplift it, to enlighten it—to bring light to it. I am the greatest Healer in the land, and I will not neglect you, my patient, my friend, not for one second. Now—close your eyes.”
Maggie took a deep breath, then did as she was told. She felt Luis touch her cheek, and she was falling once more, falling away from her seventeen-year-old self.
~~*~~
“In times of terror, the only thing that travels faster than fear is hope.”
Luis had spoken as the light around her coalesced, as the ground firmed up under her feet. Except the ground wasn’t steady; it rocked to and fro, back to front, left to right, making her inner ear spin crazily, making her want to crouch down to steady herself. It came to her that she felt heavier, slower. The belt around her waste was suddenly strangulating her torso, cutting off her air. She reached for it, and then panicked: for she was bodiless once more, and now the pain was becoming unbearable ...
She went to cry out Luis’ name, but as her attention became one-pointedly fixed on the inch-wide strip of agony surrounding her waist, it dissolved away at that instant, as though her singular attention had served as her hands, had loosened the belt, allowing her to breathe. She drew in a refreshing lungful of air and glanced up. The picture came immediately clear: she was on a large sail ship in high, rolling seas.
On the great billowing sail above her was a large forest-green V with a navy cross over it: what had to be the symbol of the Kingdom of Vanerrincourt. Men and women bustled around her, shouting. The bow of the warship sagged downward into the trough of a wave, and she felt the shock of cold sea spray as it surged around and past the boat.
Thump!—thump!—thump!
Men yelled—the zooooooom! of approaching fire—high splashes around the ship as cannonshot tore into nearby waves—
The warship responded with fire of its own directly below her—BOOM!BOOM! — BOOM!BOOM! Maggie stumbled (she apparently wasn’t attached to anybody or in somebody else’s soul) for the nearest anything to grab, this being a thick dripping rope from one of the forward shrouds. The cannonfire shook her mightily, the brief quartet of orange-pointed flame triangulating towards its target. Another wave dowsed her with spray as she clung for life and looked out.
Another warship, probably three hundred yards away—not Gyssian—with the insignia of a wide-winged, thin bird arranged in an angled red cross over a coat of arms. The Vanerrincourtian fire blew into its hull, sending shards of flaming wood into the water at the exact moment another warship with the exact same enemy insignia appeared off the damaged ship’s starboard side, aiming ...
Maggie ducked.
The ship fired—at its own! At its own!
Ten ports had blazed yellow-white along its side for a fraction of a second, and its sister ship exploded.
BOOM!BOOM!BOOM!
The Vanerrincourtian ship unleashed another volley of cannons, and the enemy warship’s hull was suddenly missing large chunks, its sails on fire despite the ever-present sea spray. The traitorous sister ship fired another crippling round at its own, then another, and the damaged vessel broke completely apart and started sinking in the tumultuous waves, the sailors aboard it leaping overboard or crowding into lifeboats.
“Grab the survivors! Swing about! Swing about! All hands on deck! That should be the last of the attackers. Send a message to the king immediately.”
The voice had barked in her right ear just as the man that it belonged to walked right through her. In that instant, and before she could see him, she could feel his essence: it was like hot steel: dense, angry, flexible, swift. It singed her very nerve endings, made her feel for an instant as though she were in an electric hotbox. He passed through her, then on, striding as though on solid, sure ground, as though the ship wasn’t lurching in ten-foot seas. He had a bald head, and his Vanerrincourtian uniform was wet and shiny with sea spray. Somebody yelled, “Aye, Commander Quartermane!” and she goggled—
Malesherbes Quartermane. Aedan’s teacher!
—and then he was gone, and Maggie blurted, “Luis!”
“Yes, Margarita,” came the disembodied voice, “that is him.”
“What’s going on? Whose soul am I in?”
“The Vanerrincourtian fleet is under attack. The enemy is retreating. The fleet is coming to the assistance of the survivors. You are, believe it or not, in the ship’s soul.”
“I’m—”
“Yes, Margarita. I told you. Some things that you take for granted as inanimate are not. Some, like this vessel, the V-Nicomacus, are ‘alive,’ for lack of a better word, brought to that state by the love and devotion of its builders, of its crew and its captain, who lost his life in this very battle. The ‘enemy’ is the powerful nation of Galarrage, before Gyss Vanerrincourt’s most potent adversary. The Galarragians had warned the king not to sail past her shores, but to make best time, Conor Kieran had ignored their warnings and pushed through, with the result that the fleet fell under attack.”
“But ... but that other Galarragian ship—did I say that right?—it fired on its own vessel!”
“It did, Margarita. You are witnessing mass mutiny. Look in the distance, ahead and to starboard.”
As the V-Nicomacus churned into another wave, Maggie glanced forward and to her right. Men and women were hustling around and through her as the ship struggled to turn towards the burning ship, now little more than scattered flaming debris on the restless sea.
Ahead were more of those enemy ships—lots more. They were extremely sleek, built obviously for speed, angular and smallish, but formidable-looking just the same. The red albatross (it at least looked like an albatross) signage on the Galarragian sails was striking in the flying sea spray.
“Before the Gyssian invasion there were eighteen known nations east of Vanerrincourt,” said Luis as Maggie watched the rescue operation of the surviving enemies off the starboard bow. “With the exception of the five or six closest to Vanerrincourt, who at this time were falling to invasion, or who had already fallen, none of the rest had even heard of the Black Coffin’s offensive, incredibly—or if they had their governments had kept it quiet, being thoroughly corrupted by Yellow Tracluse. But what is most incredible is that all of them had heard of Conor Kieran’s act of defiance and rage in the courtyard at the Temple Kentein Intersectum—all of them. The unbound mathematician-king was on his way—and those twelve-odd nations, just as incredibly, warned him to stay away, despite his continued efforts to warn them of the Gyssian invasion, despite his offers of aid and assistance where possible. He was desperately seeking to build new alliances, or to shore up old ones ...”
“... but no one would listen to an unbound mathematician,” said Maggie, who couldn’t keep the bitterness out of her voice.
Luis’ voice betrayed bitterness as well. “Especially not one who so egregiously violated his Oath.”
“So they attacked him.”
“They attacked the fugitive fleet, yes,” said Luis. “The Messengers would send ahead with news of the invasion, and pleas for help, and offers of peace and allianceship. For that they were many times tortured and killed. It is for that reason that Messengers in our kingdom have a very special place, Margarita. A once simple diplomatic post had in wartime become a very high-risk job.”
“Why didn’t Aedan simply blast these countries and their navies into ashes like he did the Gyssian dreadnoughts?”
“Because the language of diplomacy and the show of restraint by the king would serve as much better proof of his good intentions, Margarita. The true bad guy was just behind them, mere days away, and he wanted to show that he was not him. Do you understand how vital, even essential, that was?”
Maggie watched Vanerrincourtians drag soaking Galarragians aboard the V-Nicomacus. “Yes, I suppose I do.”
“An amazing thing was about to happen, Margarita. Most of the nations and kingdoms simply warned Conor Kieran off. One morning we woke to find ourselves being pursued by the Pyrrhonian fleet. This fleet was known all over Aquanus for having the fastest ships anywhere, their warriors incredibly fierce and deadly. The Pyrrhonian navy was closing fast; a major battle seemed imminent. But then the Pyrrhonian flagship hefted a makeshift Vanerrincourtian flag!”
Maggie snorted. “What?”
“That’s right, Margarita. The Pyrrhonian navy, like the Galarragian navy, was mutinying, rushing out to join our fleet against the orders of their Prefecture, who, to no one’s surprise, was Yellow Tracluse.”
She whispered, “Hope travels faster than fear ...”
“Indeed. The Prophecy of Eleysius was beginning to bear fruit. And so it was that the Pyrrhonian fleet added its many destroyers, frigates, and supply ships to our number—”
She was lifted into darkness, to be dropped seconds later into a large ship’s cabin where Conor Kieran stood in front of a desk, facing seven or eight tall, slender, black-skinned people with severe slanted eyes. Their skin was almost onyx-black, beautiful to look at where it showed from beneath their red-and-white uniforms. Conor was shaking the hand of the ostensible leader, who stepped away from him suddenly and knelt, his head bowed. His party instantly joined him.
“Wow,” said Maggie as she was lifted back into darkness to settle back into the same cabin. She was getting used to this form of travel, from one soul to another, from one time to another. She praised herself for not feeling shocked or frightened with the sensation of free falling anymore. She was looking now at black-and-purple-garbed men and women, who stood before the young Vanerrincourtian monarch. He was talking to them. They were white-skinned—most had platinum-blonde hair; the commander was offering Conor a gold ring with elaborate engraving and a huge red stone (ruby?), which Conor, smiling, put on.
Luis broke in.
“These are the Galarragians, Margarita. They had been ordered to fire on the fleet by a Yellow Tracluse named Admiral Niis, who met his end at the hands of his own mutinous navy. The Galarragians and the Vanerrincourtians united at last, after centuries of animosity and conflict! You are witnessing something that no Philosopher on Aquanus would ever admit possible, at least not soberly, so intense and ancient was the enmity between our good nation and theirs. 
“Believe it or not, seven more navies eventually joined Conor Kieran’s fleet, which quickly became known as the Saeire Insu, which is Galarragian for ‘The Ten Fingers of Insurrection.’ The stories surrounding these various navies and how they came to join the king are now legendary on Aquanus. You will learn them in time. But we were now a navy with nearly six hundred boats in it. Consider the numbers, Margarita! The Spanish Armada, once the greatest navy Earth had ever seen, and which I saw with my own eyes as a younger man, had only half that number in its fleet. Half!
“Even so, our fleet was dwarfed by the Black Coffin’s, who, insane with rage, sent numbers in pursuit that doubled ours at least.
“I would like to show you the story of how the last navy came to add itself to our fleet,” he continued. “This one was from the tiny island nation of Hieron-Tamus. The king of Hieron-Tamus had also heard of Conor Kieran’s heroics and had ordered his beheading, even going so far as sending his attack fleet to intercept ours, despite the fact that his island nation was over two hundred miles away, and on the north side of Infinitus. We would not be sailing anywhere close to them. Our entire fleet was on the south side of the Great Pier, sailing the waters of the Senecum Ocean. The Hieron-Tamans had but fifteen warships and had formed an aggressive blockade in our path, daring us to cross it.
“We could have decimated them, Margarita. But Conor Kieran had made it clear not to engage them; he ordered Commander Quartermane to meet with the High Captain of the Hieron-Tamans with a question. In the meantime, he mounted Ion and left for their home island. The fleet had come to a complete stop, with the Gyssians just two days behind us. It was a very tense time; I remember it well.”
“What did he tell Commander Quartermane to ask the High Captain?” asked Maggie, who was now back aboard the Nicomacus (she supposed), looking out over now-calm seas towards the widely spaced smattering of smallish warships directly in the path of the mammoth fleet of the Saeire Insu. The adversaries were separated by a glassy, reflective band of water perhaps a mile wide. To her left, a Sister thrust into the sky, illuminated by the setting sun. The barely visible black line running away from it, back and front, was Ae Infinitus. In the far distance, much farther than the Sister, or the one after it, but in line with both, was an odd half-ring, barely visible, under dark sea haze. The Great Arch?
“He told Commander Quartermane to ask the High Captain that if he returned with the king’s blessing, would they join him in his mission to the Gaian Tangent? Quartermane did as told, and met with the High Captain, who replied, ‘Of course I would. I am not an idiot.’
“A day passed. We could feel the Gyssians breathing down our necks. As the sun set that evening, both the Winged and Finned Advances spotted Ion in the distance. The king was returning.”
Maggie was transported to another ship; she watched as Ion descended slowly to its aft deck, the proud sea horse glowing in the gathering dusk, Conor aboard its back. She glanced down, towards the great beast’s uncurled tail. Something caught her attention there, something large and blobby, something struggling to get free. A man had been strapped back first to Ion’s tail, a robed fat man whose brown hair and beard were frazzled and covered in vomit, whose dark unblinking eyes were wide with terror and fury.
“The King of Hieron-Tamus, His Excellency, Ponti Alhad VII,” said Luis with not a trace of mockery or sarcasm in his voice.
Maggie couldn’t suppress the snicker.
“The king—Conor Kieran—had landed in Alhad’s own palace grounds. He was greeted by five hundred of Alhad’s finest warriors, who instead of attacking him as ordered, knelt and offered their battalion’s standard to him. Hope indeed travels faster than fear, Margarita. The king dispatched the archers and Alhad’s personal guard in the palace proper, who did not kneel, before dragging the Hieron-Taman monarch bodily from his throne, tying him to Ion’s tail and taking off. I would show you this, but for some reason the trace has been destroyed by Necrolius himself, for reasons we cannot fathom.”
Conor was talking to the men, some of whom were untying the kidnapped king and helping him to his feet. The man was even fatter than he first appeared. Red-faced, he screamed at his captors. From the looks of it, he had lost control of his bladder mid-flight as well.
“You will die for this, Mathematician!” he raged at Conor. “I will see you Emasculated, drawn and quartered if it’s the last thing I do!”
Conor glanced at him, said to the men surrounding him: “Put him in a lifeboat and send him on his way. Surround the Hieron-Tamans, bring all weapons to bear on them. Warn them not to block our progress; if they do, sink the lot of them. Let them know their king is in a lifeboat on the way to them. Make sure you include his coordinates, to be updated every five minutes. Have every single vessel signal to the Hieron-Tamans that he has not granted permission for them to join us. All vessels are to repeat that signal until I give the command to cease. That will be all, Captain.”
Conor Kieran then flashed into a seahawk and flew off the ship, along with a small complement of Saeire Insu warriors, who Maggie noticed had been uniformed still in their own kingdom’s colors, who followed him south as seagulls and pelicans into a glorious Ammalinaeus just rising past the international fleet’s sails, which were raising for battle, the king’s orders traveling faster than he was.
Maggie was lifted into darkness, then dropped. And what she saw when the light focused made her mouth fall open.
She was on the bow of a ship (again, not Vanerrincourtian) looking out over a calm ocean graced by the orange-yellow-purple light of mighty Ammalinaeus, which reflected almost perfectly off its polished surface. There were ships out there, dark, sitting listlessly in the water. Surrounding them were the flickering lights of hundreds of differently designed warships, flying different standards, but sending the same exact message, over and over again, ready to blow those dark listless ships straight into the next world.
It was then that she spotted the lifeboat.
It was all alone out there in the calm band between the two fleets, a slight shadow making arrowlike ripples in Ammalinaeus’ watery reflection. It was making its way slowly towards the shadowy ships. Maggie thought she could see the motion of oars on both sides of the lifeboat: frantic, panicked motion. There didn’t seem to be any attempt by the Hieron-Tamans to come forward and rescue their king. And those bright, flickering lights, lights like being in the middle of a vast, lonely, floating traffic-light intersection, blinked off and on, signaling, signaling, signaling ...
She laughed.
“My God,” she exclaimed, “they’re not going to rescue him! They’re not going to rescue him!”
“Would you?” asked Luis. “Consider the consequences if you do, knowing full well that your king, infuriated and humiliated, his royal pride mortally wounded, will almost certainly order you to fire on a vastly superior force, one that has completely surrounded you.”
She gaped. “So the Hieron-Tamans abandoned their king to join the Saeire Insu?”
“They did, Margarita. Not a single shot was fired. Conor Kieran knew the Gyssians were just behind them, a day away at most, and ordered all sails raised. For a long time everyone believed that the Hieron-Tamans had simply frozen in indecision: they sat there, as inert as before, and just let us pass them by. In the morning we discovered the truth—”
She was transported to another ship, to its stern. She found herself looking out over turquoise seas under bright, cloudless skies. In the distance were masts of ships—the masts of the ships from the kingdom of Hieron-Tamus. Their coat of arms was apparent even from here.
She squinted harder. Her heart sank.
In the gaps between the Hieron-Taman ships, in the far, far distance, virtually lost in haze, were other masts. Gyssian masts. Too many to count.
Luis seemed to know what she was looking at, because he said, “They did indeed abandon Ponti Alhad VII, along with their High Captain. They were both dead soon after. The Gyssian fleet was less than twenty hours away, their Winged Demons less than half that.”
“Did they catch up—the Hieron-Tamans?” asked Maggie, worried, the cold sea wind blowing into the back of her invisible head, whipping around her invisible form, giving her chills.
“They did. Vanerrincourt had had almost no contact with their kingdom in times past. Little did we know they were every bit as swift as the Pyrrhonians. They caught up to us just a few hours past this point.”
“And Aedan didn’t have to use force,” said Maggie happily. “And he gained a few more ships. Were the Gyssians as fast?”
“No,” said Luis quietly (sadly?).
“Luis?”
“No, they were not as fast, despite the fact that Necrolius had ordered his fastest attack ships to pursue us. Thankfully that factored out the dreadnoughts, which could not possibly keep up. By this point he had discovered the truth about the Eleysian Teardrop, and was frantic and furious to come into possession of it. He himself was aboard one of the slow superdestroyers, what came to be known as Capsizers, of the Gyssian Rear Guard following. Despite Trajan’s reports to the contrary, and the undeniable evidence of Conor Kieran’s formidable powers, the Black Coffin, in his power-fed conceit, refused to believe the king was in any way a legitimate threat or had the slightest chance of crossing the Tangent.”
“Are you okay, Luis?”
“Yes, I am all right. Thank you for your concern, Margarita. The king’s decision to travel to Hieron-Tamus, to kidnap their king, to take that day, would cost him dearly later. I am sad about that.”
“What happens?”
“I must show you, Margarita. For now, enjoy the sea air and a bit of peace.”
She was lifted back into blackness, to settle moments later onto a Vanerrincourtian vessel, at its bow. Conor Kieran stood there, ten feet away, looking out. She studied him. On occasion he would be approached by sailors; they’d fly in as seagulls or terns or even as cormorants or pelicans or albatrosses; they’d often come in mixed flocks of all of these and flash into humans; they’d bow or salute as their kingdoms taught them to do before their own kings or princes or prefects or prime ministers. Conor would salute back (a short movement down the centerline of his person with his right hand, stomach level, the fingers pointing up, the palm facing left) and greet them; they would speak to him; he’d respond; they’d salute or bow or genuflect again and then leave, and he would resume staring out. The sailors wore the various uniforms and robes and sashes of ten refugee, mutinous navies, banded together now as one, sailing with full speed towards the great half-ring in the distance, which had grown a little larger since Maggie looked at it last. The Pier to Forever was out there, and its towering Sisters, and in the south, behind very distant snow-capped peaks, Ammalinaeus.
Maggie noticed that Conor did not affect airs, did not talk down to those who approached him, did not yell at them, did not harangue them, did not criticize them, did not lose his patience with them, did not glare at them, did not seem awed or overwhelmed by the fact that some six hundred vessels comprising ten nations and a vast mishmash of languages and cultures and customs were at his command. When he spoke, it was softly, and often with a smile and a nod; many times he’d laugh with the sailors or petitioners in question, or ask about their families, or ask them to teach him a word in their language, or explain the symbology on their swords and knives and jewelry.
After their bows or genuflections or salutes, they’d walk away from him, having received the information or orders or permission they needed (or not), and it was then that Maggie could feel it, especially when they passed through her. It was as if Conor had given them some extra weight, some substance, some gravity of some sort. But it was not an unwanted burden; quite the contrary. She knew exactly what it was: pride. She could feel newfound pride as they passed by, or through, her. This was not a ruler they had ever seen before, or spoken to (some had clearly not spoken to any leader (or Mathematician) of this caliber, and seemed positively terrified initially at the prospect) and now, taking their leave of him, they were twice as dedicated as before to fulfilling their task. To fulfilling his.
Luis said:
“True leadership cannot be taught, Margarita, only learned. It cannot come from others, only from oneself. At heart it requires, above all other considerations, that the leader let those under his command lead themselves. It requires that the leader have a powerful enough soul to allow that to happen. You are looking at a great, great leader, Margarita.”
Maggie watched Conor, watched him stand there, alone, the wind blowing his crimson and silver cape back, his eyes steadily forward. She looked behind her, at the wind-taut sails, at the hundreds of vessels following, at the incredible fact of their individual and collective mutiny. They were one now, having come from points far and wide over Aquanus, and the wind was not, she knew, the thing guiding the “Ten Fingers of Insurrection,” the Saeire Insu, forward.
It was the will, the soul, the spirit of the man standing before her.



Chapter 35
Parade at King’s Perch
Luis had picked her up; had dropped her; and as the light gathered around her, he said, “Watch, Margarita.”
Invisible to herself, she stood on wet gray rocks just feet above water. Random small waves sloshed up against them. It was dark, just after dusk or just before sunrise. She couldn’t tell which. The sky above her was leaden and thick, the air chilled and misted and still.
She glanced around herself. The jumble of rocks she stood on, maybe twenty feet wide, seemed completely alone in the middle of whatever ocean (she presumed) she could see. There appeared to be other rocks out there, even cliffs, but she couldn’t be sure if they were really there or if she were merely imagining them. The low-hanging mist made it impossible to make any sort of a determination either way. She turned back around.
An albatross had landed just inches from her feet. She hadn’t heard it approach, hadn’t heard it land. It was a large bird, with striking white plumage and a beautiful broad silver streak running down the middle of both of its wings. It seemed incredible that she hadn’t heard flapping as it came in to land; it seemed utterly too big to miss. But here it was ... and then, suddenly, just behind her, two more stood, then three more to her left, then another five that appeared out of the mist like winged ghosts, circling the tiny rock island, skimming the dark waters. Not one of them made a single sound. The ones that had landed were all looking in the same direction. She looked with them.
The Gyssian destroyer appeared out of the gloom so suddenly that Maggie, startled, jumped backward, slipped on the slick rock behind her, and fell hard on her butt. She scrambled to her feet as the ship loomed huge, its cannonports shuttered, its sails, though very nearly lost in the mist, terrifying with the emblem of the black broadsword thrust down through a flaming ring. She glanced about. The albatrosses had flown off.
Something moved on the ship’s bow, leaning over its edge. It was a shadow, darker than the surrounding gloom, misshapen, evil. Demon. It stood still now, its arms crossed. It barked out:
“L’I’SS! PH-ECPTI NOS SOSSSHEZ!”
And Maggie heard the translation at the same instant:
“Steady! Uprocks to port! Turn ten degrees starboard!”
It finished its warning at the exact instant an albatross, winging mere millimeters over the water, swooped up against the bow, rising like a missile.
She wasn’t sure what she saw next. But the albatross had flown directly into the head of the demon, and in the next instant the monster was headless and falling towards the sea, where it made a lonely splash. The albatross had vanished into the fog.
Maggie was lifted and, after a long, dark fall, found herself in the ship’s crow’s nest. Luis said: “I was not about to release you into an Infected or Desiccated soul, Margarita. You are in the soul of a Saeire Insu warrior now, one who has killed the lookout. Look down.”
Past the disconcerting and disorienting feeling of being once again in someone else’s soul, Maggie fought vertigo from being so high up. She glanced down, past the warrior’s black uniform and the unnerving dead stare of the slain Gyssian lookout at the warrior’s feet, to a ship’s deck far below, one dimly lighted. Figures moved down there, half hidden by the wide, triangular sails, demons and humans both. None had noticed that the demon on the bow was gone.
And then one did. It bellowed, “Where’s the Bow Guard?” at the same moment fifteen albatrosses swooped up from the murky waters, flashing into balls of aecxal-white. Conor’s fighters were instantly in the thick of the Gyssian crew, felling them with gleaming weapons already drawn. The entire assault unfolded like a bloody ballet, with the absurd look of being scripted. It was over in less than ten seconds.
But not silently. Shouts of alarm had gone up, and the deck was immediately flooded with enraged demons and Yellow Tracluse boiling up from below at the precise moment the Saeire Insu flashed back into albatrosses and off the ship and into the swaddling mist. The warrior that Maggie inhabited flashed as well, and she screamed, for she was dropping straight for the deck as one of those albatrosses, the bird angling hard left and into the darkness at the very last moment left to it. She could hear the Gyssians raging behind her even as her attention was torn by the fact that—she was a bird! The sensation was exhilarating and frightening and had her in awe of the warrior’s expert flying ability. Presently it joined its comrades, who were now circling high over the ship and releasing small bags down upon the few Gyssians who hadn’t flashed and winged off deck, blind with the murderous desire for revenge. The bags struck the deck and dead and exploded like paint balls: red liquid like blood. Those splashed by that liquid wailed in pain and died very quickly. The others ...
... but the gloom had reclaimed the warriors, and Maggie couldn’t make out much beyond her beak (beak!). From behind her came spine-tingling, mist-hidden shrieks of winged demons searching for Saeire Insu prey along with the wails of anger and pain of the surviving ship-bound Gyssians.
“Luis—was that ... blood?” she said after she’d realized she was urging the albatross to fly faster, reminding herself for what had to be the hundredth time: I’m witnessing the past.
“Yes, Margarita. It came to be known as kiralyi sangem, translated as ‘royal blood.’ ”
“It’s ... Aedan’s blood?”
“It is. The king had Healers regularly take his blood and preserve it in small bags, whereupon he changed the essential nature of the aecxes that made it up, effectively turning it into Gyssian-specific deadly poison. The retrained Messengers, the very forerunners of the Kumiyaay, were charged with flying over large swaths of open ocean, far from the fleet and very nearly on top of the pursuing Gyssians. Bags of kiralyi sangem were tied to their legs, bags with very tiny slits in them which would open from the pressure at high altitude, releasing the blood-poison in small droplets. The Messengers who did this became known as Surm Sangem Angeli: the ‘Angels of Bloody Death.’ The drops of Conor Kieran’s blood poisoned the fish and sea life that made up the great bulk of the Gyssians’ diet. A single droplet could despoil ten square miles or more of ocean. Flying these bags proved far more effective than simply dropping them overboard, or giving them to the Finned Advance. We could cover a much, much wider area by flying than by any other method. The fish were not destroyed, nor were they harmed in any way by the blood, but the thousands of Gyssians who caught them and ate them fell ill and died slowly and horribly.
“It seems incredible,” Luis went on, “but Necrolius never connected the two: the blood that you just saw striking Gyssians on the deck of that ship, and the slow, progressive poisoning that his numbers suffered the farther they chased us towards the Tangent. He never guessed the truth. He wrongly assumed the eastern waters were simply polluted as a consequence of that Tangent’s connection to Earth. Trajan and the many sycophant Mathematicians under the Black Coffin could not rectify the problem, either. It was a stroke of genius for the king, and a significant factor in our survival.
“The Surm Sangem Angeli,” Luis spoke solemnly, “were desperately fierce and brave warriors; but even so, theirs was a most dangerous lot: most did not survive to see the Tangent.”
—That’s it! Maggie’s memory was clear now. She had looked up from her daughter’s shoulder, and through her teary vision had seen them: men and women standing around her and Yaeko and Melody. They were wearing uniforms, beautiful and regal, like the calm and ready pride on their faces. Uniforms with the same insignia stamped on their armor: a seahawk swooping down on what she thought then was the planet Saturn. A seahawk with one of its talons blood-red and dripping ...
She was yanked out of her reverie when Luis lifted her out of the winging soul of the Saeire Insu warrior to the spiny top of a small, thin, winding desert island. The land sloped away sharply to either side of her, the sea on both sides deep and blue. A steady, cool breeze took the edge off the sun, which was directly overhead and glaring hotly, causing her to squint from the sudden light change. She caught motion below and to her right and glanced back down the slope.
Five Saeire Insu boats were down there, sailing out of a circular cove, small toys from this height, three flying silver and yellow standards, the other two easily recognized as Galarragian. Approaching the other side of the island were Gyssian ships, a triangular point of them comprising ten craft preceding a monster wave of them just coming visible in the blue-white distance. She asked: “He was using chemical warfare against the Gyssians?”
“In a manner of speaking, yes. Such a tactic was unheard of on Aquanus before then. But the king knew that the Saeire Insu were hugely outnumbered, as you can see here, even without the emperor’s dreadnoughts, which could not possibly keep up. The Surm Sangem Angeli’s task was to even the playing field, so to speak. Five or ten sick or dying Gyssians against one healthy Saeire Insu warrior would even the warrior’s chances somewhat. Your senses have been momentarily enhanced, Margarita, as I do not believe you would want to be too close to the action. Watch carefully.”
The point of Gyssian ships slowed its approach to the island at the same instant the lead boat suddenly blew up. The fireball that ballooned into the Ammalinaeus-framed sky shook the rock beneath Maggie’s feet, and was large enough that she could feel its heat from here, maybe a mile away. The Saeire Insu had cleared the island’s forward point and were sailing directly into the smoke, which had spread like a shield before them, protecting them from sight. Demons from the damaged triangle of surviving ships were already circling the inferno, furiously diving into the smoke and flames. She wondered if the great wave of Gyssians out there had already sent their Tracluse and demons and how long it would take for them to arrive. Not too damn long, she thought, cringing. This must surely end in a Saeire Insu bloodbath unless by some miracle Conor’s sailors could immediately escape ...
But the Saeire Insu weren’t attempting to escape; shrouded in smoke, they were sailing at right angles to the approaching fleet—
Maggie saw their cannonports blaze seconds before the thumping roar reached her ears. The two Gyssian ships closest to their destroyed leader sailed as though navigated by blind men; the cannonballs ate sizeable chunks from both. The cannons roared again, and again, and now the demons, who seemed, incredibly, less interested in attacking the Saeire Insu than flying into the blazing remnants of their own vessel, were nonetheless almost on top of them ...
A flash of light above her. She glanced up—
The sea horses were like angels, their tails unfurled and arrow straight, the aecxal smoke blowing back behind them like comets’ streamers, their riders’ capes whipping in the colors of ten refugee nations united against a common enemy. It was a cavalry, probably a hundred strong. The beasts streamed overhead and into the battle, into the mushrooming blue smoke and the roar of ordnance, now almost continuous. Maggie could hear their otherworldly chiming, chimes like battle cries, and her spine tingled in response.
The Gyssian point was trying to barrel through the smoke and get their bearings, but the forward cavalry had dismounted in mid-air, flashing into seagulls and seahawks and terns in free fall, swooping like meteors towards the enemy’s crows’ nests, flashing back into people as they killed the confused lookouts.
Maggie’s senses were superhuman. She marveled at her new ability to pick details out of the chaos, and at such a great distance. The battle’s clash was shockingly intimate to her ears, the warriors’ shouts to each other—and the demons’ shrieks—in crystal-clear stereo, as though coming from just inches away, as though she were in the very thick of it. She could smell the acrid sweetness of the cannonshot; she could feel the satisfying kiss of human steel against demon bone, demons who, despite their huge advantage in numbers, could not flash while in flight without falling. And while their claws and beaks and hooked tails were still very dangerous, and still managed to kill several of the Saeire Insu cavalry as such, the battle at this juncture seemed ridiculously uneven. 
Many of the king’s riders came equipped with long, jointed staffs with curved, serrated blades at each end; others with bows and quills full of arrows. With inhuman aim and vicious skill, demons (and Tracluse: Maggie had completely ignored them to this point) began falling from the skies in great numbers, arrows protruding from all parts of their frightening bodies, others mortally gored or dismembered mid-flight. She wondered why the demons and Tracluse didn’t employ the impressive dragons she’d seen on the Temple to counter the sea horses, and was about to ask Luis, when three more of the Gyssian ships in the triangle all roared brightly yellow with flame, their sails going up like Roman candles. It sounded like a triplet of Kansas hay barns catching fire at the same time. 
The Saeire Insu warships were turning tail now and sailing away. The smoke concealed their going; the Gyssians were firing blindly into it, the cavalry above still engaged in ferocious battle with the swarming demons, whose shrieks were startling counterpoints to the chimes of the sea horses.
BOOM!BOOOOOM! — BOOM! — ROOOOOOAR!
The ships whose sails were burning had blown up; a fourth was now a raging inferno. Shards of wood and ash arced over the water like a slow motion dream.
BOOOOOM!
There went the fourth ship.
Demons late to the battle (those who did not blow up with the ships) had surrounded all three and were diving into the center of the maelstrom, drawing large numbers of themselves away from the fleeing Saeire Insu.
But a Galarragian destroyer had nevertheless been swarmed by Necrolius’ evil spawn, and Maggie, with her enhanced hearing, could hear the screams of the men and women as the demons killed them. A pitched battle was taking place over a second Saeire Insu ship, the cavalry of sea horses over it like unfocused white streaks within swirling charcoal specks of hate. Those dying screams ...
“Luis, please ...”
“The sacrifices made by our warriors, Margarita, must be recognized. It is terrible, yes, and why you are here, away from the carnage. But the other four boats escaped, including the Pyrrhonian skimmer you are watching now, though we suffered terrible casualties. They died as heroes. Do you understand this?”
“Is that why I’m here, to watch Saeire Insu die? This is horrible!”
“No, you are here to bear witness to our history, what little I can share with you in the telling of this tale. The battle you are witnessing is important because the king, so hugely outnumbered as he was, was taking the offensive, attacking the Gyssians at random points with fast-attack craft, and then beating a hasty retreat, frustrating them enormously, pulling them off course, out of ranks. We were poisoning them and drawing them out, poisoning them more and drawing them out farther.... The task was to create uncertainty in them, to harass them, to make them doubt themselves. Before they fell into pursuit with us, they had not met resistance of any real note from any navy or army or kingdom on Aquanus, with the exception of the Zephyrs and Vanerrincourtians along the Eternitam. We were providing that now. That was victory in itself, and an enormous boost of morale to our fleet, the bloody toll notwithstanding.”
The doomed Galarragian destroyer had been set aflame. The other vessel was almost invisible under the swarm of black wings and flashes of aecxal balls bursting in clumps and clusters, and Saeire Insu cavalry, which flew in and out of the churning thicket fearlessly, probably suicidally. When the Galarragian boat went up, Maggie noticed that many demons left the attack for it. Somehow the other ship was still sailing; the remaining three Saeire Insu battleships had returned to defend their brothers.
“The demons can’t land on that skimmer!” yelled Maggie, as much to overwhelm the sounds of gruesome death as out of surprise. “What’s going on down there? Why can’t they land?”
“There are those who say that two hundred demons fell this day to the single blade of Malesherbes Quartermane. He was on the deck of that ship. The Gyssians had never seen anything like that before, and that includes the king’s awesome display at the Temple. I say there are more than two hundred. What do you think?”
But she didn’t answer. She could only gape.
“His was a name only whispered around Aquanus before today; and after today the whispers hushed to nothing less than poorly concealed stares of awe. No one really believed the stories that seemed to follow him wherever he went. Today those stories were proved true. I ask you now: Do you wish me to take you there? It may be too much for you.”
The screams on the doomed Galarragian ship seemed even louder now—the demons swarmed like ghastly vultures over it; others were shadows milling amidst the flames. They appeared to be eating ...
She gulped back the bile, wishing inwardly that Luis would take away her enhanced senses already.
“You are missing something, Margarita,” said Luis a bit more forcefully than usual (to draw her attention away from the grisly sight?). “Look ...”
The demons flying over the skimmer had all left for the burning destroyer. Tens of demon and human dead bobbed face-down in the water, surrounding the skimmer, water fouled by swirls of red and green blood. Demons were fighting and shrieking over the crackling pyre of the Galarragian ship, finally sinking slowly, mercifully beneath the waves. They fought like jealous moths over a flame, tearing wildly at one another, flashing and falling. They weren’t just feasting on dead and dying Saeire Insu, it occurred to her with a start—but on each other as well!
“Demons find fire almost irresistible, Margarita; they lose control of themselves once they immerse themselves in it. And while they are immune to the heat and the flames, they pay a dear price: they become ravenous, insane. They will eat anything—including each other.”
Something caught Maggie’s sharpened eye: a red-white dash making its way from the billowing sea-surface smoke that was all that was left of the Galarragian destroyer towards the island’s far point. The injured seagull flashed over the water, just before making the rocks, and the splash, along with the expanding ball of aecxes, made it impossible to see if it was Saeire Insu or Yellow Tracluse. But a minute later a boy struggled from the sea, on all fours, his black and purple Galarragian uniform shredded and bloody. He goggled up, and she curled into herself in sympathetic pain.
The boy—maybe sixteen years of age at most—had a vicious cut that had virtually cleaved a side of his skull open from the top of his head down to his chest. He was completely covered in his own blood, his gray eyes wide with the savage urge to life and air, his left hand gripping a sword. His hair—what little of it wasn’t soaked in his own blood—was platinum blonde.
“That’s ... that’s ...” hissed Maggie, sickened and breathless by the sight. “My God, that’s the Commander ... that’s the man—the seagull—who was talking to Aedan on the Pier! It has to be!”
“That’s the other legend, Margarita. Guptaamaq Jelignite was the only survivor from that doomed Galarragian destroyer. He was nothing but a deck scrub, not even a soldier, not even trained; and yet we know he killed at least eight fully armed and armored demons and Tracluse. He was the one who set the fire, which drew off the demons attacking the Pyrrhonian skimmer. He somehow had the foresight to do that. The injury he suffered should have killed him. Obviously. He was rescued by the cavalry. When his story came to the attention of the king, Conor Kieran took special pains to visit him often and to monitor his recovery. They became fast friends; and his courage and valor, not to mention a very sharp young mind, was rewarded with a command position as an advisor to the king himself. He is today of course the Supreme Commander of the Saeire Insu navy.”
Maggie was lifted from the island. When the light around her finally came into focus, she found herself walking, surrounded by variously uniformed Saeire Insu warriors. Conor strode ahead of her, Espriella at his side, who was dressed in flowing white and emerald-green, her hair pulled under a beautiful embroidered scarf. She held his hand. Maggie discovered she was in a woman’s soul; she, the woman, was short and stocky and garbed in orange and blue silks and armed with a broadsword strapped to her back, as well as a shortsword at her side. Buildings of varying sizes were on both sides of the group, buildings with an odd mishmash of architecture and colors: some silver-green, others the pink or gray of granite, others still the dirty white of limestone or the dark orange of sandstone. There were many wooden structures here as well. All appeared to be dark and vacant.
“Luis, where am I?” she asked as she returned her attention to Espriella and her radiant beauty.
“You are at the Eastern Gateway, Margarita, less than eight hundred miles from the Tangent itself. You are on Ae Infinitus once more. Gateways can be found every few hundred miles or so along each Pier. They are points where ships can cross under to the ocean on the other side. Gateways are typically very seedy places, very dangerous. Piracy is common at them. This one—its name was Hangem—had long since been abandoned. Likely the inhabitants heard of the invasion coming straight for them and fled. We found it completely uninhabited.
“Hangem,” he said, “was changed to King’s Perch. To this day it serves as a valuable strategic lookout for the Saeire Insu.”
She glanced behind her. The Eastern Sister loomed hugely out there, almost glowing from the day’s early light. When she turned back around she saw a short, graying, brown-skinned man clad in Vanerrincourtian robes approach the king, speak to him for a moment, nod happily, bow, then smile warmly at Espriella before hurrying away. His kind, dark eyes were unmistakable.
“Luis! Is that you?”
“Yes, that was me. Ah, to be middle-aged again. I was a good-looking young colt, if I do say so myself.”
“What are we doing here?”
“You are watching what came to be known as the Parade at King’s Perch. It was the day most of the fleet sailed under the Gateway to the Verisimilius Ocean. The rest, fewer than a hundred boats, were to stay south, in the Senecum Ocean, including the king’s own vessel. We were finally approaching the Tangent, and time was drawing short. We knew that the Gyssians would be attacking from along both sides of the Pier. It was a very emotional day for the entire fleet: it felt to many of us that we were splitting up, even though that was not true. Espriella had been staying, of course, with the king on his ship; but now with the southern defenses so weakened, he felt it best that she be given quarters with the command boats heading north. They were saying their good-byes today. Perhaps to calm Espriella at their parting, the king had just asked me if I would officiate their wedding, knowing of course that at one time I was a priest. It was a great, great honor for me to be asked.”
“When ... were they to be married?” asked Maggie quietly, feeling her heart beat a little faster, knowing that Aedan was, in the present, twenty-two Earth-years after this vision which she was witnessing now, unmarried. Something had happened, and Maggie was too afraid to ask.
“In three days,” said Luis. The sadness had returned to his voice, though she knew he was trying to hide it. “It was expected that we would be at the Tangent in a week, which would give us some leeway: we would beat Eleysius’ deadline by five days. The Gyssians were four days behind us, having been slowed by the simple logistics of their frightening numbers, by our guerrilla attacks, and by the fact that they were increasingly sick and poisoned from the Surm Sangem Angeli. That said, the speed of their pursuit, given these obstacles, was nothing short of astonishing—and terrifying.”
He sighed. “The king wanted to be married before the inevitable battle, and not just himself and Espriella: it was a day decreed by him for all Saeire Insu couples wanting to marry to do so. It would represent not just a commitment to each other, but to the new kingdom and the hope that they would live to see it survive. It is a holiday with us now, named after the king’s fiance herself: Espriella Gloria.”
Hangem abruptly ended at a T-intersection. The Pier to Forever split in half here, a mammoth Y whose branches rose and curved widely away from each other before arcing high over the water like a double bridge, then descending and curving back together at the far side a good mile or more away. There were more buildings on the other side, of similar mishmash architecture.
Maggie marveled at the bridges. There were no supports beneath them, nothing to buttress them in any way. Impossible walkways—just like the ones on the Temple Kentein Intersectum. The Great Arch, still eight hundred miles away and whitewashed with haze, framed the view nicely. Conor nodded to the warriors around him, then spoke quietly to an eagle-eyed bald man for a moment—Quartermane!—before turning and walking out on the right span with his bride-to-be. Conor’s legendary teacher gave brusque orders to the group; and with a great synchronized flash the lot of them were seagulls and pelicans and terns and albatrosses winging over the ghost town and away. Maggie was lifted out of the woman’s soul and dropped right next to Espriella. The royal couple had moved to the south branch of the Y-span, to its arcing summit. They were looking over the bridge’s edge and down, smiling and waving. Maggie looked with them as a great discordant choir struck her from below.
The entire fleet was singing.
Something like six hundred destroyers and skimmers and frigates and medical boats and supply craft of all shapes and sizes and colors spread out and away, away, away, until the end was lost in haze. Ammalinaeus topped that sea mist, its striped arc and rings mostly hidden, but still so large as to make her swallow hard with its splendor. The ships came, big and small, not separated into cliques of separate nations, but mixed together as one unified whole. Their sails billowing gently, their hulls separated by mere feet, the warriors, singing, gathered beneath their king, where they saluted him before hooting and hollering up at him. It was then that Maggie noticed it: on every vessel the crews were mixed as well. Ten nations, ten uniforms. No ship, no matter how small, stood alone in this regard. The soldiers sang the songs of the standards they sailed under. The din was like a drunk cathedral pipe organist falling all over the keys—but no perfectly crafted harmony sung by the finest choir in the land could be as impressive as this.
It was then that Luis gave Maggie the names of those nations and their respective mutineers. They came from places called Galeni and Augustinius; from nations known as Arrow and Pyrrho; from lands called Junon and Neptonius; from distant shores with names like Zephrym and, of course, Hieron-Tamus, Galarrage, and Vanerrincourt. Luis pointed representative sailors from each nation out to her, and she watched, astonished, as Vanerrincourtians sang Galeni war hymns, as Arrows bellowed Augustinian anthems, as Pyrrhonians crowed Junon battle dirges, as Galarragians chanted Hieron-Taman parade refrains. And as with the songs, so with the salutes, as varied and poignant and beautiful, from gleaming weapons raised to deep kneeling to clasped and raised hands to genuflections and bows.  It was a deeply stirring display, even more so when Maggie watched Galarragians salute the king in the style of their age-old enemy, the Vanerrincourtians themselves. Stomp!—stomp! stomp! came the forceful steps from the Vanerrincourtian decks, followed by the familiar palm down the centerline. And Vanerrincourtians saluting in the unique style of Galarragians—right palm up, shoulder level, a sharp flip and cut to the right with the hand, then slapping that hand to the side—was no less inspiring. 
Always Conor Kieran waved and smiled; many times, when he could, when there weren’t tens of vessels crossing under at the same time, he’d salute back, and always in the style of the standard he was addressing. The salute returned (or not), the warriors would yell up, and always in a foreign language; but it didn’t matter: somehow Maggie understood it all perfectly:
“To the Ten Fingers of Insurrection, Sire!”
“Victory at the Edge!”
“To hell with the emperor!”
“We’ve got a bet, Highness—Quartermane kills a thousand demons! Want in?”
“They’ll chase us to the Edge, we’ll send them over it!”
“To our homes! To our families! To the king!”
There were whales swimming between and below the ships, whales and sea lions and seals and sharks and dolphins. Some of the whales were positively huge, the length of two or three ships, their shadowy gray outlines beneath the water giving away their presence. Sea lions and seals and dolphins swam and surfaced together; the sharks and whales swam independently of any group. Was this the “Finned Advance” Luis spoke of occasionally? Were those people too?
Above flew an endless assortment of birds, grouped by species, all in precise military formation, all crying or chirping or twittering out as they passed over. Much higher still were the cavalry and the chiming sea horses, hundreds of them, their comets’ tails forming a sparkling, bright highway in the sky. Conor saluted all these as well.
Maggie had felt overwhelmed many times during this tale, but no time as much as this. The dread she felt within the deepest core of her being for these warriors, facing an inevitable battle with a malevolent force many times stronger, along with the violent hope and camaraderie coursing like twin electric currents up and down her spine, had her holding her breath and praying fervently for them, for the Saeire Insu, wishing upon wish for their safety, looking at individual warriors and wondering: Is she going to live or die? Does that boy have a family somewhere? How are they? What does that man hope for, wish for, dream for? Will that woman ever see her home again? Will that one?
She found herself studying Espriella time after time; Conor, too. She watched them together, watched them laugh and kiss occasionally; she caught him looking at his fiance when she wasn’t aware of it—the gentle smile on his face, the softness in his green eyes, the way he’d stroke her hair, her cheek, the way he held her hand. Here was a man deeply in love, without doubt or question, beyond physical or verbal expression, beyond time and space itself. He would die for her, Maggie knew; of that there was no question. And of the men and women sailing in service to him and to each other, there too was absolutely no doubt: the Red Talon was fearless and undivided, a frighteningly powerful Mathematician ready to lay his life down in kind for them.
It was hours later before Luis’ voice sounded inside her head again. It felt like only minutes had passed. The sun was setting behind the sky-splitting spire, that sky having melted through the day from a brilliant baby blue to a breezy azure to the sleepy, settled sapphire it was becoming now. The vast orb of Ammalinaeus glowed brightly, the last of the ships that were to pass under the Gateway just sailing beneath her, leaving behind a lonesome collection of masts alternately in and out of an approaching bank of pearly-white fog. Conor and Espriella had stayed there the entire day, hadn’t even moved once to go to the bathroom or to eat lunch. Luis said:
“Ready to move on, Margarita?”
“Yes, Luis. Luis?”
“Yes, Margarita?”
Thank you so much for this.”
“I knew you would find it very special.”
“Where are we going now?”
“Take a deep breath, Margarita Singleton. What I must show you now requires the sum of your strength and courage.”



Chapter 36
The Keeper and the Storm
Maggie fell for a long time. She’d gotten used to shorter trips; this one was a big fall. When the light gathered around her, Luis said, “I have placed you in my soul, Margarita.”
She was on the deck of a Vanerrincourtian warship—a big one.
“Your soul?” she asked, looking around.
“Yes.”
She guessed: “Is this the king’s ship?”
“Yes.”
She felt moisture glance her cheek, and looked up. The skies above her were dark and low, the clouds green-black and menacing. They moved as she watched, lightning lacing between them. Thunder rumbled down on her head.
Something was wrong. The ship, she noticed immediately, wasn’t tossing in high seas, as one would expect with an oncoming storm.
Luis was standing at the bow of the ship, looking out. Maggie looked out with him.
The sea just in front of her was calm, almost placid. Gusty winds lashed its oddly glassy surface. Far out, huge foamy breakers rose and crashed in a smooth arc that circled the Saeire Insu’s entire southern fleet.
“What is it, Luis? A coral reef? Are we trapped or something?”
“Watch.”
Men and women were shouting to each other and hustling about as the ships dropped their sails. Seagulls circled well overhead; just off starboard a large pod of dolphins surfaced and dove repeatedly.
The breakers weren’t just breaking out there; they were breaking against something, the waves smashing against a wall of some sort, the spray rising a hundred feet or more into the ominous sky. A wall that wasn’t there just moments ago.
A wall gray-green and covered in seaweed and rising slowly out of the ocean. All around the fleet.
More shouting. Then, before she knew it, Conor was next to her. “What is it?” he asked. He was speaking to Luis.
Maggie realized that Luis had closed his eyes. Something was happening inside him: She felt abruptly as though his insides were opening, like heavy drapes parting, to reveal a magnificent and utterly endless vista, one totally alien and fantastic. The sensation made her gasp—he gasped too at the same time—while the great wall out there rose, and then rose more. The wall had a design, a structure to it, under the seaweed: enormous, curving ridges. Already the giant breakers on the other side were blocked from view: only the spray of their titanic crashes against it were visible now. The rain was spattering Luis’—and by extension her—face in bigger and more threatening drops, the veiled sky darkening by the minute, shutting out the daylight.
She heard Luis say, “Beyond anything I have ever encountered, Sire. It is ... a Keeper. It must be.”
“Can you contact it?” said the king.
“It is too large. Its soul ... too large!” came Luis’ frightened reply.
“I thought they were extinct,” said Conor Kieran. “No one has seen a Keeper in over a thousand years.”
“Sire,” came an excited voice behind him, “shall we call battle stations?”
The king snorted, pointed. “Against—that?”
The warrior’s face was bleached white with terror. Conor said, “Are we completely surrounded?”
“Yes, Highness!” answered the warrior, horrified.
Conor patted the man’s shoulder. “Then calm yourself. There are worse ways to die. Order the fleet to pull together, if Commander Quartermane hasn’t done so already. Find out if the northern fleet is similarly surrounded. Hurry now.”
The warrior hastily saluted, then flashed into a tern and was gone. Conor turned back around, as did Luis. But Maggie had beaten them both. For the sight before her was awesome.
The wall was like a great seaside cliff before them, high and ridged and scaly and covered here and there in long, viny, hanging patches of green-and-gold kelp seaweed. The scales were diamond-shaped and outlined in black encrustments of barnacles, and were each easily the width of her house.
The calm water in front of the ship abruptly started bubbling, a colossal dome of white foam that lifted the ships near it—Conor’s vessel first—and sent them riding down its thunderous slope. Warriors shouted panicked orders—Conor and Luis hung on, having clutched each other in the sudden movement. Some of the ships crashed into each other as the din of the bubbling dome increased, the sound like a whitewater river in springtime.
“There! There!” someone yelled directly behind Luis.
Something mammoth was rising to the surface just in front of them.
Conor Kieran asked: “They have wiped out whole fleets before—that is, if the legends about them are true. Can you decipher its intentions, Dreamcatcher?”
“No, Highness,” said Luis faintly, awe thick in his voice.
Conor released the Healer and stepped forward to the bow.
The head of the sea monster Luis had called a Keeper was shaped roughly like a barnacle-encrusted soda-pop bottle and was the length of a several city blocks and tall as the Kansas State Fair’s Ferris wheel. Its main features were its eyes—jet-black vertical ovals large enough to peer simultaneously through any window in a five-story building. The other major feature was its “chin,” where very long, cable-colored strands thick as healthy sequoias ran down into the water, floated between the ships. There was no sign of a mouth; Maggie saw what must have been its nostrils situated at the top of its head, hooded caverns easily large enough to swallow the biggest destroyer in the Saeire Insu. It lifted that head out of the water as though it didn’t mass hundreds of thousands of tons, swinging it side to side slowly, as though searching for something, seawater cascading in great roaring falls from it. One eye fixed on the king’s boat, and the head stopped moving.
What Maggie sensed then wasn’t sound, wasn’t light, wasn’t touch or taste or smell—but an otherworldly admixture of all five. It flooded through her being so powerfully that she cried out, not noticing that Luis and everybody else had too, with the exception of the king, who stood rock steady on the bow. The sensation rushed through her, and was gone just as quickly, and somehow came to make sense as language to her, even though no words were spoken. What percolated to her understanding was:
—YOU ARE THE HUMAN THE SAMANLAINEN FORETOLD?—
Came Conor’s puny Voice:
—I am Kieran Conor.—
Another supersensory flood. Maggie didn’t know if she could tolerate this for much longer; it felt like a combination of electric shock, riding a high-speed roller coaster, and eating a tremendous feast to the point of nausea—all at once. She understood this flood as:
—YOUR LIFE FLUID HAS POLLUTED THE EASTERN WATERS, HUMAN.—
Conor’s Voice replied:
—It was meant as a defensive measure, to weaken an enemy just behind us, not to harm the sea life or you or your kind. —
The king’s Voice was pathetically insignificant compared to the Keeper’s, so much so that Maggie found herself wishing it would get louder, urging it to, fearing that the monster would find it so minor, so beneath it, that it would annihilate them all without further thought. She remembered an anthill she destroyed as a little girl, the ants nothing to her, too tiny to be of any real concern ...
—YOUR LIFE FLUID HAS SPARED ME, KIERAN CONOR,— came the flood. THE ENEMY HAS CREATED UNLIFE WHICH MATCHES MINE IN SHAPE AND FORM AND SIZE, UNLIFE THAT HAS KILLED THE ENTIRETY OF MY KIND ON THIS WORLD. I AM MY SPECIES’ SOLE SURVIVOR. I LIVE NOW, AND YOU LIVE NOW, ONLY BECAUSE THE BEFOULMENT YOU HAVE WROUGHT HAS STOPPED THE KILLERS FROM CROSSING INTO THE EASTERN WATERS TO FINISH US.—
The king bowed.
—I pray it has not harmed you, Keeper.—
—IT HAS NOT. I AM INDEBTED TO YOU. THE SAMANLAINEN FORETOLD OF YOUR COMING. YOU ARE THE SKY RIDER, WHOSE TALON BLEEDS OVER THE WAVES.—
—I am,— said Conor, rising.
—I HAVE EXISTED SINCE THIS REALM WAS FIRST BELTED AND FIXED TO THE SPHERE OF HOLIES, HUMAN; AND NOW I FEAR MY END. I FEAR THE END OF THIS WORLD, OF THE OCEANS THAT GAVE ME LIFE, THAT GIVE YOU LIFE, THAT GIVE ALL LIFE. WE ARE A PEACE-LOVING SPECIES. WE PURIFY THE WATERS OF THIS REALM. NOW I AM ALL THAT IS LEFT. THE ABYSSINIANS, UNKNOWN TO HUMANS, WHO LIVED ON THE SEA FLOOR, ARE NO MORE. THE ENEMY HAS DESTROYED THEM ALL. THE ENEMY IS POWERFUL. I WILL AVENGE MYSELF UPON HIM. TO YOUR SERVICE I COMMEND MY BEING, SKY RIDER ...—
Conor seemed taken aback by this pronouncement. Or—perhaps he was taken aback by something else entirely. Because in the next moment he had glanced behind him, at Luis, and quickly said, “If anything happens to me, Quartermane is in charge. Understand?”
Luis said, “Sire, wait—” but halted in mid-plea, because the king had flashed and was winging his way towards the immense beast, flying straight for his head, an insignificant black dot transiting across a gray, scaly, barnacle-encrusted and conscious mountain. That dot disappeared over the top of the head of the Keeper and flashed—but no, perhaps not—for the sky had blackened even more, and maybe that was lightning, because it was flickering in steady cloud-to-cloud sheets, and the rain was becoming insistent and soaking. A warrior approached Luis and yelled over the wind, which was now howling, “Storm stations, sir. All nonessential personnel below deck. Commander’s orders.”
Luis yelled back, “I will stay here until he returns. The king may need my help.”
The warrior saluted and left. Luis turned his attention back to the monster’s head. As Maggie watched, a familiar voice in her soul said, “You are completely safe, Margarita. Your life is in no danger, no matter what you experience in this track from here forward. Please trust this.”
“It’s cold, Luis! Can you move me forward to another part of the tale?”
For it was cold—grippingly cold: Luis was soaking, head to toe, the rain driving straight at him, the lightning overhead coming in blinding streaks of energy, the startling claps of sound following almost immediately after.
“I cannot, Margarita. I cannot and still call myself a Healer. Stay with me here in this time and bear witness, as I must bear witness. Most of all, know that you are safe in this track, and that I have a firm grasp on your soul and am with you.”
“What’s going on? What’s so important?”
But her guide had gone silent.
It seemed hours later, but was probably only a handful of minutes, when what looked like a black dot separated from the top of the Keeper’s giant head and fought its way back towards the ship. Maggie wasn’t sure: the light of the day had been completely snuffed by the approaching storm—but then Conor flashed right in front of her, running right at her.
“Get under, you fool!” he yelled at Luis. “The Keeper warned me this storm is as great as anything it’s ever seen near the Edge! Do ye know what that means? Get under, and do it fast!”
“Cannot the Keeper protect us?”
“No!” bellowed the king. “The lightning is deadly to it! It’s in grave danger just being near the surface, let alone above it! Now move, Dreamcatcher! We’re on our own here!”
“But—the northern fleet!” yelled Luis into the wind.
“Too late!” barked Conor as they hurried to a large open deck hatch at the aft section of the ship. “Nothing is going to get through this to warn them! I don’t think even I can!”
“She will be fine,” rasped Luis unsurely. And then Maggie heard something—no, she felt something—bubble up from deep, deep inside his being. It was a prayer, one desperately uttered in Spanish, one without vocal chords to bring sound to it, but one Maggie didn’t need to hear in order to know was being said. 
The Keeper sank surprisingly quickly beneath the waves, which rushed  in now, rushed in like starving lions towards terrified Christians, rushed hugely, blackly, curling upward towards them, crashing in on them, the water unrelentingly cold. Luis and Conor were swept under the deluge of a huge breaker as warriors fell over them. Conor got to his feet and helped Luis to his.
“Get below!” he roared. “I’ll do what I can up here! Hurry!”
Luis scampered to get below deck, helped along by other Saeire Insu. A wave crashed against the ship, tilting it up, sending several sailors over the edge. The Healer was literally washed to the hatch and in, where another warrior pulled it closed behind him. There was a very close boom of lightning—so close it shook the hull itself—and then only the muted monotone shriek of wind and rain and shouts above as essential deck personnel tried to sail the wildly tossing ship.
“Edge storm!” yelled a disembodied voice very close by. “It has to be! Where’s the king?”
Another wave crashed against the hull, tilting the boat dangerously high, then back down again. Men and women smashed into each other in the small, tightly packed barracks, soaked and dazed.
The hatch flew open at that moment. A man’s bearded, dripping face peered in, his eyes riotous with frenzied determination.
“The king’s missing!” he yelled. “All hands on deck! He’s been hit by lightning and washed overboard! Winged Guards to recovery—others have been washed overboard as well! The rest of you are needed to secure the masts! Move!”
The boat hit another wave, lifted so high Maggie was sure the floor was just a few degrees from vertical, then tilting sickeningly to the side. She—Luis—fell against the back wall with a painful, bone-crunching thud, sinking to his buttocks airless just as the water rushed in full force through the hatch. The man at the hatch had given a single bellow of fear, silenced abruptly by the rushing water. The destroyer continued listing heavily with tremendous crunching noises—sailors were screaming—more lightning and thunder—and just like that the water was up to Luis’ chin and rising fast in lightless barracks suddenly half underwater and thick with bodies floating like lumber. The ship groaned as it climbed another killer wave, and then it was completely on its side. There was a long, mournful wooden sigh followed by a deafening splitting noise like a forest of trees cracking in half at once—the screams of men had menacingly vanished, leaving Luis alone and whimpering and trying to keep his head above water. But there was no air anywhere, only the numbing cold of black seawater. He was trapped in the barracks.
Maggie screamed and screamed for Luis to take her away from this horrible vision, but couldn’t get out more than a choked gurgle from her own lungs, as though she were on that ship, in real time, and drowning, just as Luis was. She felt the ice water rush in her mouth and nose; she—he—expelled it with a violent, wracking cough, thrashing for air, banging his fists wildly against the heavy wood above him, next to him, seemingly all around him—but there was no air, no air at all, only the icy saltwater and the blackness, blackness like iron blankets weighing her down, popping her ears, pulling her inexorably into its vast and unfathomable indifference. A terrible, resigned calm stole over her—Luis’ heart seemed to be seizing ...
Something kicked her chin as she was losing consciousness. Whatever it was grabbed her by the wrist—it was a man: a man had her—Luis—by the wrist—
—A brilliant flash of white just inches away—
Luis was suddenly holding a fin—a dolphin’s fin—as it pulled him up and away from the sinking vessel. The mammal streaked forward—somehow, miraculously, impossibly, he held on—and up. Just as the blackness seemed sure to win, to pull him and Maggie into the everlasting watery sleep of death, the dolphin surfaced, and so did Luis’ head. With what remained of his strength he vomited and coughed at the same time—a conscious act: his body had already given up. The water burned from his stomach and lungs explosively. He sucked the howling wind, his mouth as wide as it could go, his ribs popping. But the churning seawater at his chin came in too, the salt like acid in his esophagus, in his windpipe, in his stomach ... He grasped frantically for the fin, but it was gone ...
The king’s ship had sunk, and the monster waves and the shrieking wind felt like separate parasites sapping his will, urging him to give up. His vision cleared for a single hyperclear moment to see the outlines of Saeire Insu destroyers in the near distance, helpless toys out there—one was burning, yellow-red flames outlining its doomed and dark bulk, the flames and rain-lashed gales warring over it ...
He was drowning, his hands still convulsively grasping at nothing, nothing but water, the crashing waves well above him, the hollow burble of water in his ears replacing the baleful sounds of the storm, the eternal darkness below claiming him, pulling him silently, inescapably down with Maggie, her mind darkening as well with the tomblike touch of watery death....
—Blackness.—
~~*~~
Luis’ voice:
“We so fervently wish to live forever, Margarita; yet our lives pass by, second by second, moment to moment, and in any one of those seconds, in any one of those moments, we may die. The string of moments is continuous; most slip by us unnoticed, the very coinage of our existence, which we toss away without thought or care. And then one day the long shadow of death looms over us—too soon—and we go to our graves having lived less of our eighty or ninety years than a day moth.
“I died that day, as did Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I. He indeed had been struck by lightning, a bolt straight through the chest, killing him instantly. He was found by one of the Finned Advance in over a hundred feet of water. It was a miracle he was found at all. Conor Kieran is a Mathematician; he is not a god. Ultimately he is as human as any of his citizens. Death’s grasp on him is as sure as it is on me, on you, on anyone. His powers are finite: they do not prise him from that grasp one bit.
“We were taken to the only surviving medical frigate in the southern fleet. Our losses from the storm were terrible: nearly a fifth of our fleet sunk or destroyed—almost a hundred boats, over thirty thousand warriors....”
Maggie had heard every word Luis had spoken in a universe that had only two elements in it: her soul and his voice. It made the words he spoke that much more poignant, that much more real and tragic, vascular and present, less heard than simply injected into her veins, to circulate forever inside her being.
But now a queasy, gloomy half light was gathering and focusing around her, and with it a biting and still morguelike cold, colder even than the stormy sea. The light was a huge relief to her—anything was better than that boundless, sightless void—and she was about to thank Luis for bringing her into it, but to ask him to take her somewhere warmer, when he said:
“But the storm was not the finish. Yellow Tracluse were among us, and it was then, when we were at our weakest, that they struck. Twelve boats were commandeered or destroyed by them following the tempest—including the command ship Espriella was on....” He stopped. The vision before Maggie was slowly taking shape: a large, dark circle spotted red around its circumference.
He took a deep breath, then continued.
“Most of the Tracluse killed themselves in coordinated suicide attacks. They blew up the ships. Another fifteen hundred souls ... lost. The command ship Espriella was on ...” Luis’ voice shook. “... it survived. The Traitors sailed it and six other boats back to the Gyssian fleet, where the surviving sailors were put to the sword or fed to demons. Everyone except ...”
He cut off.
The circle came into focus.
The circle was comprised of hooded and cloaked beings. Many were monsters—the same kind that had accompanied Trajan to the courtyard to confront Conor. “Dreamcatchers,” Conor had called them. They stood motionless among the others, bright-red and winged and veiled.
In the center of the circle floated a substantial shadow like death itself, its arms open wide. Under its looming presence stood Espriella.
Luis, his voice choked and rasping, prayed:
“Agnus Dei, qui tollis peccata mundi, miserere nobis.
Agnus Dei, qui tollis peccata mundi, miserere nobis.
Agnus Dei, qui tollis peccata mundi, dona nobis pacem.”
Espriella was crying and pleading, her words jumbled together, blended with the syrupy tar of terror. Her clothing was torn and filthy, her beautiful dark hair tangled and matted. She was barefoot and visibly shivering.
A voice containing multitudes ignored her, said:
“The king’s bitch. Are you sure, Prince of Vanerrincourt? Are the Tracluse sure?”
A cloaked figure stepped forward, bowed. “I know her well, Your Eminence. She is the mutineer leader’s fiance, I am sure of it.”
Trajan Chaundran bowed contritely and stepped back into the circle.
Espriella shrieked, “Trajan, please—please!—tell him—I’m innocent! I’m—”
“Silence, king’s bitch!” roared the congregation beneath the hood. And with that the shadow grasped her tear-stained face, lifted her off the ground. Tentacles sprouted from the emperor’s long green fingers and dug into her flesh, spreading. Espriella screamed and cried, choking, begging Trajan to save her, to help her.
It was then that Maggie heard Luis’ cry. He gulped, “Daughter, I shall never leave your side. I am with you; I am your protector and guide; I am your breath and your peace; take my hand now, daughter, for I join thee now in death ...”
—Daughter?—
But Maggie could not voice it; the word had caught in her throat on the way up, blocking air, belief, life, peace. She found herself unable to close her eyes, unable to turn away, unable to simply cease existing as she desperately wanted in order to avoid the horrifying vision she was now witnessing.
“King’s bitch ... you taste so good.... Join the multitude, add your voice to it ... yes ...”
Necrolius visibly sucked harder, and Espriella shuddered and shook as though being electrocuted, her arms and legs rubbery and limp, her pretty face blackened, blood running off her cheeks and down into her threadbare dress. Somehow she found the ability to plead with the Black Coffin, words gurgling with blood:
“Please, no ... PLEASE, NO! I b-b-b-beg you ... Tr-Tr-Trajan, p-p-plea—please ... I beg you, help me ... It’s ... it’s so cold ... so ... c-c-cold.... Please ... I d-don’t w-want to d-d-d-die ... p-p-please!—PLEASE!”
Maggie cried, “Jesus, Luis—she’s your daughter. She’s ... your daughter. Oh, Jesus.... Please—I cannot watch this, it’s too much; my God ... take me away, please, I beg you—!”
Espriella was barely shivering now, her voice still pleading, a whisper between great, shaking disgorgements rich in blood that ran in thick rivulets down her chin, streaming in red ropes from her feet to a spreading scarlet pool beneath her. She whispered, “D-D-Daddy ... I love you ... t-tell him I love him, tell him, Daddy. T-Tell ... him ...”
Necrolius’ tentacles had completely covered Conor’s beloved. She fell silent, and Maggie’s sobs seemed to echo in the dark chamber, seemed to meld with Luis’, whose pain Maggie could feel more deeply than even her own.
The chill of the room abruptly deepened, and at that moment a swirling rush of wind spun from around Espriella’s limp, hanging form and out, the pool of blood beneath her icing over and shattering and disappearing. Maggie heard a final, single scream of terror—Espriella’s death cry—and then Necrolius simply and forgetfully released her. Her corpse hit the floor like a heavy bag of chunk ice where it shattered, scattering to the feet of the evil witnesses in the circle.
“Shovel the bitch overboard,” ordered the Emperor of the Gyss. And with that he disappeared in a rising black tornado.
Maggie, sobbing, sickened, shocked, felt herself release, as though she were a balloon escaping the innocent grasp of a despondent child. She rose through a melanoid ceiling, and then through dark sails, and then over huge Gyssian warships, reaching into overcast Aquanian skies towards a sparkling aecxal funnel. She floated up into it, and the sky vanished, and the endless fleet below, rising into a brilliant point of yellow light that seemed to envelope her whole being, warming her, a point of light of infinite trust and serenity ...
She was looking at the afternoon sun.
She glanced down, squinting, tears streaming freely off her cheeks. She was back in the estuary, sitting on the park bench, Luis next to her. She gazed into her guide’s eyes, and she didn’t have to do more than that to know what to do next. She released his trembling grasp of her hand and jammed herself into his shoulder and wept without restraint into his neck, as he wept into hers.



Chapter 37
Origin
Maggie held Luis until her arms fell asleep and his shoulder was soaked with her tears. She noticed neither. Her elderly guide had gone silent long ago, his forehead pressed into her neck, his eyes tightly closed. His arms trembled lightly, his breath slow and deep and regular. These things she noticed.
And something else. It wasn’t pain. It wasn’t agony. It was something far more overpowering and extreme. Something that determined the very structure of her guide’s spirit, essential to his nature like iron is to steel, and yet inimical to it: the fiery grip of the Devil himself, his nails dug deep into the Healer’s spine, holding him fast, laughing at his cries of torment and anguish. But Luis Arroyo had somehow taken that grip and claimed it as his own, had forged it into his strength and his witness and his protection. 
Maggie shook at the realization. How powerful must this man be! How powerful must he be to stand and smile at the morning sun each day, to serve his king, to have the courage to show her what he just did, seeing his own daughter destroyed, knowing he had to show her, to show her everything, to heal her and guide her and choose to heal others when all he wanted was to be healed himself of his own personal, freakish nightmare, to be freed from that demonic grip, that appalling, unforgettable vision ...
The iron was tried and purified in the furnace, turned molten, blasted with God’s scorching breath, fed his merciless lightning. The steel blade that emerged flashed the fire that tried to destroy it: Satan stared in surprise and fear at the Spaniard now gripping him. It was a grip of rage Maggie sensed in her very tailbone. It defined him. Nothing short of Necrolius’ destruction would ever—could ever—erase the language that gave that definition bones and sinews and flesh and breath.
Maggie knew in that moment that she was healed. She glanced up, searched for the yellow-orange light on the horizon, what she had thought earlier in the day to be a tremendous forest fire or some enormous natural disaster. The light was gone. The out-of-control flames of her own soul’s destruction had been put out. The hero holding her had done it. Her soul had healed. She was healed.
The roar of the surf and the distant scattered calls and twitterings of sandpipers and seagulls and sea sparrows filled her senses; so too the musty, salty smells of the estuary; the cool caresses of breezes on her skin, the way a strand of hair on her forehead responded to them, the way it made her forehead itch; Luis’ trembling hold on her, the way his chest expanded and contracted, the soundlessness of his breathing; the hardness of the bench beneath her, behind her; the ant that crawled on the bench back, searching for food before the day expired.
The sun of her soul fell slowly towards the horizon. Maggie didn’t care; nor did she care to reflect further on its—on her—miraculous inner reality.
She held Luis in silence and thought instead about all she had seen and experienced.
Time passed like footprints in the sand.
~~*~~
A long time later, he looked up, said: “It is time to go home now, Margarita.”
He touched her face. They stood. She helped him to his feet, grabbed his cane.
They held hands as they walked. They did not speak.
The sun had set by the time they left the estuary.
~~*~~
It didn’t surprise Maggie that the Imperial Beach in her soul was far different from the one in “reality” (a term she knew she’d use with great, great care from now on). This Imperial Beach was sparsely settled, the houses and streets seemingly randomly placed. There were many more trees in this Imperial Beach; the condominiums and sprawl and cars and trash were completely gone; so too the seedy bars and tattoo parlors and the sense of thoughtless malaise which seemed to coat so much of the town in the other reality, and had since she first moved here. Her own home was plainly visible from the estuary’s entrance, which was not possible in that other reality. So was the Pier. She glanced at it. The Eleysian Teardrop’s cerulean light was like a star captured over indigo waters and held there. She brought her gaze to her guide.
“I don’t want to wake up, Luis.”
“You are awake now, Margarita. What you mean is that you never want to fall asleep again.” He smiled.
“Yes,” she nodded after a time. “I never want to fall asleep again.”
“You will not,” he assured her. “You know too much now to make that mistake ever again.”
“I haven’t seen the end of the tale. Do I get to?”
“Oh yes,” he said, patting her hand. “What kind of storyteller leaves out the ending?”
“Only one afraid of death.” 
She had responded simply and immediately, shocked at how effortlessly those words had issued from her mouth.
He smiled wider. “Exactly.”
“I want to walk the Pier before I go home. Can we?”
“I was hoping you would suggest it.”
She squeezed his hand. “Let’s go.”



As they crossed the close-cut grass at Pier Park Plaza ten minutes later, Luis said, “You are the first besides the king himself to share the vision of my daughter’s death with me.”
Maggie was surprised. “You’ve seen it more than once?”
“I have, Margarita. I have witnessed it thousands of times.”
That was a far greater shock. She stopped walking. He looked at her, his dark eyes simple and clear.
“Thousands?”
“Yes, Margarita. There were six Dreamcatchers in the circle around Necrolius. Did you not wonder what their function was?” He held her stare. The anger she intuited earlier flickered behind those eyes, potent, fearsome. “Necrolius used them to attack the king. They witnessed Espriella’s death in order to attack his soul from afar, to feed him images of it relentlessly, to drive him mad with sorrow and regret and rage. I am the king’s Dreamcatcher. I am his only protector against such attacks. Despite his considerable Mathematical prowess, he has no defense against them. When I discovered what was happening, I deflected the visions to myself, away from him.”
Maggie was unaware that her mouth had fallen open, that she hadn’t breathed in the last half minute.
She whispered, “Thousands of times ...”
“No one else has seen the vision of my daughter’s death. The king and I shared it once, as a simple matter of confirmation and then healing. But that was many days after his recovery from the lightning strike. I had no idea he was being attacked. No one did. After he recovered and learned the news of the storm’s toll and the terrorist Tracluse, and then of Espriella’s execution, he disappeared into his cabin. He refused to see anybody, not even his High Captains or Commanders, not even his very Tesche Malesherbes Quartermane. No one dared disturb him—though his cries could plainly be heard aboard the V-Nicomacus, the new command vessel. When Quartermane barged in on him, ignoring direct orders, there was a terrible fight between them. It would tear them apart permanently. Quartermane had no idea what was happening to Conor Kieran; he merely thought that the king was suffering from the devastating losses of his fleet, and from the death of his beloved, my dear Espriella.
“I have learned to steel myself against the visions,” he continued, ice in his voice. “But I have steadfastly refused to callous myself against them, to lose the capacity for tears. Sharing her death with you somehow made it just as powerful and present, as though I were watching it for the first time. Maybe it was your own cries which brought mine out as copiously as they once flowed; I do not know.”
Maggie couldn’t help it: it slipped out one more time, not even a whisper, barely even an exhalation:
“Thousands of times ...”
Could she watch Melody die once, let alone thousands of times? Could she muster the courage to take that vision away from someone else, someone it was meant for, to assume it voluntarily, regardless of the consequences if she did not? Could she stay sane after witnessing it only once?
She wanted to hug her guide yet again—a pathetically insignificant gesture offered decades too late and against something so enormous that it seemed pointless, senseless.
Luis was watching her steadily, quietly. She breathed, “Luis ...” But she couldn’t finish. She had nothing to add past his name.
Could I watch Melody die? Could I watch her die thousands of times in the service of my country? Do I believe in anything that much? Do I have even an iota of the inner fortitude and strength this man does? God Almighty!—
Luis Arroyo’s smile seemed to carry the weight of the entire world. She watched it slowly spread across his face, and knew he wanted her to see it. It was a simple, authentic act of savage rebellion that made her want to kneel in its presence. The smile said: I will not be defeated. The man said: “Thank you, Margarita.”
They continued on towards the Pier.
~~*~~
They had begun their walk up the Pier’s long wooden walkway when he spoke again. Maggie was looking around herself, looking at Luis, looking at the planks passing soundlessly beneath her feet. He said, “The Keeper, in order to avoid being struck by lightning, which is particularly deadly to it, was discharging the trillions of surface-to-cloud aecxes that would allow the electrons to form a sufficient charge to strike it. The king did not know this. When he landed on the Keeper’s massive head, the suppressed aecxes transferred to him and slowly reasserted themselves. The Keeper was unaware that this had happened; so too, of course, the king. When Conor Kieran stayed above deck, the strike became inevitable. He came to the day before the Day of Commitment, the day now known as—”
“Espriella Gloria,” said Maggie, her attention riveted once more on her guide. “My God ...” She thought again of the monstrous pain he had suffered, the crippling loss. Just to hear his daughter’s name among his compatriots must have torn his heart out with each mention of it.
“Yes,” said Luis. “We were going to cancel it. But the king absolutely refused to consider it. He was being ruthlessly attacked by Necrolius’ Dreamcatchers, remember; and yet he managed to venture out to give his blessing to all those who chose to marry that morning. We were finally at the Tangent. We were just ahead of the Gyssians—we did not know at that point by how much—and in bad shape. Our fleet was damaged and diminished, our morale all but gone. We wanted to cancel it for him, out of respect. No small number of those who had committed themselves to each other had lost their beloved in the storm, just as the king had. We wanted to cancel it for them. They too were adamant that we did not. We wanted to cancel it because we were frantically preparing for a battle that was going to make the Edge storm look like a pleasant sunshower during a summer stroll in the park. But Conor Kieran, in giving his brief blessing before retiring to his cabin, said, ‘If we cannot find the time to do this, then we should bloody well give up now, because we will be no better than the bloodsuckers coming after us.’ And so we observed our first Day of Commitment, the day known forevermore as Espriella Gloria, so named to honor the commitment the Saeire Insu were prepared to make to each other, as well as—now—to observe the king’s and my heartbreaking loss and of all those serving him who had lost loved ones in the storm.”
“It must have been so horrible for you, Luis.”
“On the contrary, Margarita. It was the day I realized that we were going to win. Despite my own heartache, I volunteered to preside over many wedding ceremonies. I was treated as though I were the King of the Saeire Insu himself. The respect and honor shown me that day will stay with me forever. I presided over many ceremonies; I watched many more. There is nothing I can tell you about them that can even remotely convey the sense of unity, the sense of purpose, the overwhelming determination to make it to the other side of the battle alive, to build a new future together as husband and wife—or as a unified kingdom. That last was the true marriage. We can talk about the Red Talon’s fearsome powers as a Mathematician, but those powers cannot compare to the incomparable wisdom in his decree to have a Day of Commitment on the eve of the greatest battle Aquanus has ever known. It made us One, Margarita.”
They stood before the restaurant. Maggie, thinking, looked up at the tower. The Eleysian Teardrop’s brilliant blue light stared back. Luis looked up with her.
And then she got it. Without willing it, she thought of her dad.
“The Rendan Mortalis....” She gazed at him, wide-eyed. “The Rendan Mortalis!”
“Brilliant,” said Luis, smiling widely. “Brilliant. What powers of deduction you have, Margarita. The Rendan Mortalis, exactly. It can only exist in the presence of heartbreak, of loss, emboldened by the true courage of its holder and the love he or she feels for that which he or she lost. Its power is theoretically without limit. And within the Saeire Insu it came into being everywhere and at once that day, multiplied nearly two hundred thousand times. A power Necrolius, his demons, or Yellow Tracluse can never know. How can they?”
Maggie nodded contemplatively, then focused on the Teardrop shining brightly in the tower at the top of the restaurant. She said, “Can I go look at it, Luis? Can I go up there?”
Luis held up, then shook his head. “No, Margarita. I do not trust the process by which I lost you the last time you were in its immediate presence. I am somewhat skittish even now, though I believe I have an understanding of the dynamics at play. I believe it wise not to tempt fate twice. The Samanlainen’s soul is, by human perspective, nearly infinite. When you wake to your ‘normal’ reality I am sure you will be allowed to climb the Temple Sanctuary stairs to view it. Is that an acceptable alternative?”
“Of course,” said Maggie.
And with that they rounded the restaurant, came to the Pier’s end. They stood looking out.
“The Pier goes on forever, Margarita,” said Luis quietly.
Maggie gazed out over the dark waters. “Yes, Luis. Yes, it does. You’ve shown me. You’ve shown me what I am, what I can be. What I should be. You’ve shown me.”
“I have done nothing, Margarita, but tell you a story,” replied Luis humbly, bowing his head. “It was your own courage that showed you what you are, what you can be, what you should be. You had the courage to see it all, to live it, to experience it. There is but the final battle to show you. I have no doubt that you will weather that with the same bravery you have exhibited the entire way to this point.
“This story is now your story, Margarita. You are one of us now, the Saeire Insu: the Ten Fingers of Insurrection. You have witnessed our history and discovered yourself in its telling. Is there a more powerful alchemy possible in the universe? I do not think there is. The Pier goes on forever, Margarita. And so do you. It, and you, cannot be discovered out there, in that ‘normal’ reality, but only from within your own heart, your own spirit. Here, Margarita,” he reached a wizened hand out, touched her sternum just above her bosom. “Here.”
~~*~~
They stood at the front gate of her home.
He said, “I cannot come in, Margarita.”
“Why not?” she asked, concerned.
“There are some places in the human soul too personal, too private, to enter. Doing so would constitute a violation. This is just such a place for you. It would be inappropriate for me to enter.”
“But it wouldn’t be a violation if I wanted you to come in, would it?”
“It would,” he said. “But I am honored more than I can tell you that you extended the invitation. Thank you anyway.”
“Okay,” she said. “Okay ...” She glanced at her home apprehensively. “There isn’t some horrible thing waiting in there, is there? Some test, some last measure of courage I must muster?”
“The final measure of any man or woman’s courage can only be taken from within his or her own soul, at its very center, its Origin,” he said. “This is your Origin, Margarita, this home. What waits for you in there is nothing less than your love, and the very deepest reflections of that love. It is love that requires the greatest courage—not fighting evil, not calamity, not death, not war. Love. Most people do not have the courage to truly love, and so they are centerless, they are without an Origin. If they lack an Origin they are also decaying, Infected.
“What will you find in there? You will find yourself. In the other reality you are asleep on your bed. As it is there, so it is here. Go inside your bedroom and touch that self’s forehead, just above the bridge of the nose.” He reached his index finger out, playfully touched that point on her head. “When you do the last chapter of our tale shall begin.”
“Will you still be with me?”
He winked. “Or course I will.”
“Is Melody in there? Is Yaeko? Sara?”
Luis smiled. “Go find out.”
“What happens when the tale is told?” she asked. “Will I see you again?”
“That is entirely up to you, Margarita. We are friends now, yes?”
Maggie nodded happily, then hugged him tightly. He wrapped his arms around her and stroked her hair.
“Go on now,” he chided gently.
She pulled back, kissed his cheek, and without another word opened the front gate, walked to the front door. She glanced back at him one last time, waved, then pushed it open, closing it behind her.
Luis waved back, then watched as she disappeared inside the home. He whispered, “My friend ...” 
And then he disappeared, dissolving like sparkling smoke into the sea air of Maggie’s soul.
~~*~~
Her home was darkened by late dusk, the last light of the day—her soul’s day—which played an evanescing gold and blue and orange through the picture window in the living room. She stood still, studying the colors, breathing deeply, surely. She went to turn on the lights, then decided against it. There was nothing malevolent in here, nothing in the dark that could harm or frighten her. How could there be? This was ... home. For the first time in her life, Maggie Singleton truly understood what that meant.
Her bedroom door stood closed and shrouded in deep shadow. I’m in there, she thought. That’s really freaky. After another moment she stepped towards it. At the door she stopped. Grasped the doorknob. Glanced down the hallway. Melody’s door was closed as well; so too the guestroom door, which was, essentially, Yaeko’s room. She released her grip on the doorknob and made for her daughter’s room. Opened the door gently.
Melody lay on her back in her pajamas, her eyes closed, her arms by her sides. Maggie went to her, kneeling by the bed. She reached for her face. Melody’s cheeks were warm, her breathing deep and regular. She was sleeping very soundly.
Maggie kissed her forehead, felt the warmth of sleep touch her lips: a warmth thirteen years familiar; a warmth that was soon wet with her tears. She whispered, “I’m sorry, Bug. Please forgive me. I was scared. I’m not scared anymore. I’ll be with you. We’ll rebuild that Temple together. I don’t know how, but we’ll do it. You should see it, Mellow Yellow, it’s incredible. We’ll rebuild it, and nothing will stop us. Nothing. I’ll protect you, Melody, I promise ... I promise ...”
She held her daughter, and kissed her, and tasted the salt of the tears that fell on her, and wiped them away, and kissed her some more, and talked to her some more. A long time passed.
And then it came to her that her lungs felt charged with incredible power, her breath seemingly infinite, her blood dense and rich with that power, her entire being feeling as energetic and radiant as the core of a star. She rose in stages, afraid to lose the sensation, which was glorious, afraid of what it might possibly mean. She had felt this twice now, and both events were earth-shaking, momentous: once when Melody was conceived, and then just a few days ago (has it been a few days?) when Yaeko played the melody that opened up the Tangent, the same melody Maggie heard the day of Melody’s conception. She half expected the melody to come to her then, and when it didn’t, she fought back the disappointment. She glanced at Melody, then over her shoulder and through the open bedroom door into the dark hallway.
Maggie turned and cautiously walked to Yaeko’s room. She grasped the doorknob and turned it over. Pushed the door open.
Her heart leaped.
Yaeko lay in the guest bed, face up, asleep. Something dark stood hunched over her.
“Who are you?” blurted Maggie, frightened, knowing instantly it wasn’t Luis. Luis didn’t wear a black cloak with the cowl pulled over his head, appearing for all intents and purposes to be ...
—In the center of the circle floated a substantial shadow ...—
Maggie swallowed hard. The cloaked figure was turning to face her.
She couldn’t move, the infinite breath and power within her gone, her nerves singing with danger. The intruder turned as though made of a single massive gear, slowly rotating in place. But it didn’t float, and it wasn’t tall like ... like ... Maggie half expected to see curved horns and yellow vertical pupils and brass armor stamped with a broadsword thrust down through a flaming ring instead, but did not. The stranger was facing her now, its face hidden beneath the cowl. Yaeko stirred slightly, whimpering quietly as she adjusted herself, pulling covers up to her chin, then settling down. She hadn’t woken. The shadow glanced over its shoulder at her, then back at Maggie.
Where Maggie got the courage to speak, she didn’t know. Her shaking voice came up through the surge of adrenaline coursing through her, and she said, “Y-You are in my soul. In the most private place within it. Identify yourself. I-I am not afraid of you.”
The cloaked being held still for a long moment, then brought a hand slowly up to the cowl. Grasped it and pulled it back.
The man staring at her was Asian, an inch or two below her own height, and completely bald. A man, it was immediately obvious, with no pupils, just twin slits of blackness staring straight at her. No pupils ... and the longest beard she had ever seen. It fell down the front of his cloak (she’d only just noticed it for some reason) in twin pearly-white strands from his chin, which were braided and tied together with elaborate beads halfway down his chest.
The stranger stared a moment longer, then bowed, very slowly, until his nose very nearly touched his knees and his beard curled like cable silk on the hardwood floor of the bedroom. He rose just as slowly, until he faced her again, standing straight, sure. Maggie held frozen, unsure what to do.
The flash caught her off guard. It was like a strobe light going off at close range, blinding her in the darkness, causing her to yell, backing up and jerking her arms up to shield her eyes. She lowered them after a few moments, blinking away the afterimage.
The stranger was gone.
She groped her way to Yaeko’s side. There was a chair next to her bed; Maggie sat in it. And then she knew for sure it wasn’t the Black Coffin who had just flashed out of this bedroom, because the seat was still warm. The stranger had probably been sitting in it scant seconds before he stood and bent over Yaeko, and just before Maggie walked in.
She glanced at Yaeko, touching her cheek, checking for injury or other evidence of malicious intent. There was nothing. Yaeko smiled as Maggie touched her; she murmured something in Japanese, something that sounded very endearing, and then pressed her face deeper into Maggie’s palm.
Maggie wondered if the stranger was coming back, what his business here was. He had bowed in an obvious gesture of deep respect, then —flash!— was gone. What was he doing to Yaeko? Did he do the same thing to Melody? Is that why they were both so soundly asleep? Had he drugged them, poisoned them? Worse?
But both girls seemed perfectly normal; and something more: perfect, period. Maggie knew then, somehow, that she wasn’t to try to wake them, but to let them be, to let them sleep. 
She gazed at Yaeko.
Here at her hand was a profound mystery, an extraordinary girl. A prodigy who claimed authorship of the very symphony that Maggie heard, impossibly, fourteen years ago at Melody’s conception: a song so powerful it was capable of opening a passageway to a new reality—another impossibility. And yet Maggie had experienced them both firsthand, the only human being in existence ever to do so.
On the day—no doubt at the very moment—of Melody’s conception, Yaeko Mitsaki was born.
Three years later, Maggie listened, astonished, as her little girl hummed that very melody. The symphony had somehow lodged itself in Melody’s heart, in her soul, as though it were part of her very genetic code. Maggie considered how this home was her own soul’s core. Was Yaeko’s symphony Melody’s core? What did that imply? What would it mean if it were true?
Where did this incredible girl fit within the tale Luis had shown her? Did Yaeko fit at all? Or was she some sort of wild card, some free agent, some unplanned-for element, unforeseen by Eleysius, unknown by Conor Kieran and by his mortal enemy, Necrolius...?
Or ... perhaps Eleysius had foreseen Yaeko Mitsaki. Maggie whispered, her heart falling, “ ‘Her name will be Silence, the Slayer of Song.’ ” Was Melody destined to—Maggie gulped—was Melody destined to ... to kill Yaeko? But Luis had taken pains to correct her: he was insistent that she had misheard the Samanlainen Guardian, that he had said, “Her name will be Silence, the Savior of Song.” The Savior. Was Melody going to save Yaeko at some future date?
Maggie felt torn between Eleysius’ sad eyes and what she was certain she heard and Luis’ sureness, his decades-old experience with Conor’s adventures, his confidence and gentle assurances. She closed her eyes, tried concentrating. No good. She couldn’t shake Eleysius’ sad eyes; she couldn’t reject Luis’ calm certainty. Neither could claim an advantage over the other.
She spied Yaeko’s violin case in the corner. Listening to an inner prompting, she rose to get it. Brought it back and sat. When she opened the case she received another surprise. The Stradivarius was glowing.
Not brightly, but glowing it most certainly was. The light coming off it was soft and muted, the strings like parallel lines of very fine, tiny diamonds, the wood warm, alive. She looked for the bow, but couldn’t see it lying around anywhere. She was about to give up when she felt something hard under her wrist, just next to Yaeko’s cheek and under the covers. Maggie pulled them back a few inches, and smiled. Yaeko was sleeping with her bow. It was next to her and in her grasp, and it too faintly glowed. Yaeko slept with her bow—and Maggie’s heart ached. She had condemned Yaeko on the Pier, had forbade her ever to see Melody again. She had tried to sever the very thing that connected Melody and Yaeko in a way that no discussion of intimacy could ever adequately convey. Had she succeeded, it would have been tantamount to bombing this very home, the Origin of her own soul. The realization forced her eyes closed, her chin coming down, her hands rising up to grab fistfuls of her own hair. She prayed then, prayed for whatever forgiveness might be sanctioned by whatever agency was there to provide it. It was a prayer uttered almost without words, silently, fiercely, fed on the fuel of her anguish, repeated over and over again. She knew the truth now: she’d won another chance. A chance to set things right.
When she opened her eyes, she knew it was time to go. She closed the violin case, put it back in the corner, then went back to the bed. She smiled down at Yaeko, then bent and tenderly kissed her cheek. She turned to go, quietly closing the door behind her. She came to her own bedroom door. She took a very deep breath and twisted the knob, heard it click, and pushed.
There she was.
Maggie thought she’d feel vertigo, or fear, or revulsion, or some sense of being separate, sundered. She felt none of these. What she felt instead was an abiding sense of wonder, even relief. She had a soul—everybody had a soul. Even inanimate objects. Souls. Souls everywhere. Souls interconnected, intertwined. Maggie wasn’t alone, could never be alone. She had an entire, endless landscape within her, one peopled with loved ones—with their souls. She was intimately connected to life in ways that gave her goose bumps just thinking of it. She knew as well that the connection to her own spirit was inviolable, that she was her own person: a connection absolutely private, not to be touched or claimed by anyone else. She was unique and unrepeatable. Precious. An individual.
She studied her sleeping self with a smile, and then thought quite randomly of guardian angels, and then what she was going to witness after she touched her sleeping self’s forehead. 
What would she see? She knew some of it already. A devastated king. A damaged, diminished fleet. An endless, invincible black swarm of floating, looming Gyssian hate. A war. No, worse: a fearsome no-holds-barred conflagration. One that the Saeire Insu had somehow, against all odds, emerged from victorious. But—how?
There was only one way to find out.
Did she have the courage to experience it, to see it for herself? Did she?
Yes, she did.
Her pulse pounding, she reached a finger out and gently touched her sleeping self’s forehead right above the bridge of her nose as instructed by Luis—and was surprised when she felt that very touch on her own forehead. But that surprise lasted only a moment—
—for she was free falling once again, falling in blackness.



Chapter 38
Satelemark
As Maggie fell, Luis’ voice rang out:
“Among the Y’gerion, the highest order of dragons, none is held in greater esteem than the one known as Satelemark.
“Satelemark, so the legend goes, was the widowed mother of a remarkable brood of children: baby dragons all with incredible blue eyes. Eyes that seemed to glow; eyes with feathery wisps of white that traveled over them; eyes that revealed the enormous latent power within each child. A desperately rare power that the king of Satelemark’s dragonly realm coveted above all, for with it he could destroy his rivals and assume absolute sovereignty over all he surveyed. But to come into possession of that power, the dragon king had to drink the pure blood of the sacrificed children.
“The king ordered Satelemark to give up her children for the higher good of the kingdom. With their deaths, he told her, the enemies constantly threatening his realm would be vanquished, and the dragon citizens, which included her, would all live in peace forever, for no one would ever be able to oppose him with his newly acquired powers.
“Satelemark refused.
“Frightened for her children, she rounded them up and, in the concealing dark of Galactic night, fled. When the king’s centurion came to Satelemark’s abode early the next morning to take her brood by force, she and her remarkable children were gone. The dragon king, infuriated, ordered her death, and sent his vast and vicious army of Y’gerion dragon killers after her. They were not to harm the brood in any way, he decreed, but Satelemark was to be stretched until her great backbone snapped, then burned to ashes.
“On the Ethereal Frontier that night, between the mighty Nebular Peaks, the king’s dark forces caught up to Satelemark and her brood. Satelemark surrounded her children, her long forked tongue flicking over her tail, her eyes alight with fear and fury. The dragon killers grinned amongst themselves: this would be easy. Soon the brood would be safely in their claws, and the mother would pay for her treason with her life.
“As they drew near, Satelemark attacked. Before they knew what had happened, a hundred killers lay dead around her. Satelemark was so swift that none among them saw her move. She raised her massive head over the dead and roared in challenge and contempt. The sound was like a great whirlwind tearing through the valley, the orange flames from her open maw licking the starlit vault of Heaven itself. Her brood huddled closely to her, their astonishing blues eyes staring out at the surprised killers.
“The king’s forces lunged for Satelemark. But the dragon mother was too fast for them, too skilled. She could sink her fangs into one killer while her tail swished around as if with a mind of its own, sharp as a dagger and many times quicker, lancing the foolhardy who chanced an opportune strike at her, in the next instant blinding another with a spray of deadly poison from her fangs. Satelemark’s fire washed over the universe like a hellish curtain, scorching her enemies to the bone, her spines like razor blades, cutting into the meat of their hearts, tearing out their lungs. As her coils shifted, so did her brood, always staying in the thick of them, always safely out of harm’s way.
“But there were too many of the king’s killers, and over a long time, the dragon mother began to tire. Coiling around her brood, her fangs glistening with poison, she readied them for death. They would not be sacrificed to the Y’gerion ruler; they would die with her, by her hand, their precious blood poisoned and impure—and thus worthless to him. The general of the dragon killers saw what she was about to do, and urged her to stop. He had gained enormous respect for Satelemark; and now, with more of his dragon killers dead than alive, he said:
“ ‘The Daen-Cer-Tain that flows in the blood of your brood flows in you. Give yourself as sacrifice to the king, and your children may live in peace.’
“Satelemark agreed. But as the dragon general watched, she let drip a single drop of poison from her fangs onto each of their heads. ‘Beloved,’ she told them, ‘gather round each other now and for all time, for danger encircles you, and always will. Should that danger become insurmountable, flick your tongue to the head of the brother or sister nearest you and take in the poison and die, for it is better to die young and true than to live long and false.’
“The children were inconsolable. They did not wish to remain all alone on the Ethereal Frontier; they wanted to be with their mother, even if by doing so they would witness her gruesome death at the greedy claws of the king. Close to her and weeping, their blue eyes full of tears, they joined her, surrounded by the surviving dragon killers. They went back to the kingdom.
“The Y’gerion monarch was elated to see the captured brood—and enraged to discover that Satelemark lived. He would not listen to the compromise struck by the dragon general and the mother. ‘Kill her now!’ he thundered to the general. But the leader of the dragon army had been so inspired by Satelemark’s courage and valor on the battlefield that instead of following orders, he rose up and struck down the king’s guards before being felled by the king himself. ‘Kill her now!’ the king ordered the general’s surviving battalion. But the battalion refused, and, with a defiant roar each, killed themselves, plunging their fangs into their own bellies, drinking their own blood.
“Satelemark saw her chance and moved. With speed never before seen and never seen since, she released her children and surrounded the king. He was trapped. One move, and he would perish in her swift clutches.
“ ‘Here is where you shall stay for all eternity, King Ammalinaeus,’ she told the vanquished monarch. ‘Here in my coils. And you shall watch over my children, seeing how close you got to absolute power; they shall nestle in your palace next to me, the poison on their heads just a flick of the tongue away for each of them. Tell the cowards in your kingdom, the subjects who wanted you to have that power, that if they move against me—you shall die; if they move against my children—you shall die. The power you and they covet—the very power that alone can save you and your kingdom from your enemies—will be lost forever. But for the few truly courageous who serve you, should they need to yoke the strength that flows in my and my children’s blood, they need only come together and pray:
“What we join together
in the light of Ammalinaeus
shall endure forever.”
“ ‘That which this prayer falls on,’ she said, ‘shall become indestructible. It shall be so because I shall be your wife, and you shall be my husband, and we shall become One. Our union will be both your greatest victory and your bitterest defeat: for the Daen-Cer-Tain you sought to bleed from my brood will now only reside in the hands of those very few brave enough to truly love, as I truly love my children.’ ”
Maggie landed. She knew immediately that it was a ship. She could hear water sloshing against its hull, could feel its ponderous side-to-side rocking beneath her. The light gathered slowly, focusing into a prism.
Luis:
“It is an incredible fact: it does not matter on what shore on Aquanus you land, what language the natives speak, their politics or history, their wars or their peace, their culture or stories or the color of their skin. Everywhere you go on Aquanus, Satelemark translates to the same thing: ‘Defiance swallowing her own tail.’ For Vanerrincourtians it signifies refusal to bow to abject power, to surrender, to accept, to compromise, to meekly face one’s fate and acquiesce, to give up without a fight—to the death, if need be.
“Satelemark, Margarita!” yelled Luis, startling her. “Satelemark!”
~~*~~
The light focused. She was aboard the V-Nicomacus. She knew this instantly, confirmed by the shouting around her. The shouts:
“The king’s coming up. He’ll tell us!”
“What manner of evil do you think it is?”
“It will attack this vessel first, that much is for certain.”
The warriors were looking north and pointing. One was holding a telescope up, peering intently through it. Maggie, realizing she wasn’t in another human soul, looked with them.
But she couldn’t didn’t see anything except high, wispy white clouds stretching across baby-blue sky, which spread beneath the towering majesty of the Great Arch. To the right jutted the dark cliff faces; beyond that lay the terrifyingly close horizon beneath the vast, hazy keyhole where black space occasionally peeked through. The Pier to Forever was just a few hundred yards distant, running ceaselessly away in both directions. She turned to solidify her bearings, confused by something she couldn’t get a handle on.
“I see it!” exclaimed the telescope-wielding warrior. “There it is—five misons up! Over that peninsula!”
“A Mephastophian?”
“Can’t be,” said another. “Demons don’t glow.”
“We don’t know that. The Dark One is powerful; maybe he’s spawned a new kind....”
“Foolish. Now is not the time to panic—”
“What is that behind it?” asked the man peering through the telescope, trying to focus it. “It looks like a ... a thin red line ...”
“His Majesty on deck!”
There was an instantaneous triple clap of thunder as warriors snapped to attention. And then there Conor was, walking straight towards her.
Maggie, though invisible to the man and the entire scene, and knowing full well she was, still impulsively shrank away. It had taken only one glance in his eyes. She felt as though the light from them were battering rams, shattering all in their path. She hadn’t noticed the Saeire Insu around her had done the exact same thing. Those eyes held insane rage checked only by some miracle of self-control she could not begin to fathom.
At the foremast he stopped and looked up. The silence that descended on the ship felt like a hundred tons of lead dropped squarely over them all. The warriors weren’t looking up with Conor Kieran; they, with great averting caution, studied him. Not a soul breathed.
He snatched the telescope from the warrior, who saluted stiffly before bowing and backing hastily up, and brought it up to his squinting eye. Another second or two, then he said, “It is an ally, an Omem. Bring Quartermane here immediately.”
“Forgive me, Sire—”
Conor shot the man at his shoulder a withering look.
“Yes?”
“The—Omem? I ... I’ve had a chance to study it. I—I believe it’s injured.”
“Why do you say that?”
“It is trailing a red substance, as though it’s—”
“Bleeding, yes,” the king brusquely finished. “As it should be. Now get Quartermane.” He thrust the telescope into the man’s chest.
“Y-Yes, Sire. Immediately, Sire.”
The man tossed the telescope to another warrior as though it were red-hot iron, then flashed into a cormorant and was gone an instant later.
Conor briefly surveyed the Saeire Insu, who stood rigidly at attention. “Work! Don’t dawdle, ye!” he barked.
He strode away, descending stairs that took him below deck and out of sight.
Maggie, thoroughly disturbed by what she saw in his eyes, turned back around, very intrigued by what Conor and the men had spotted. 
She thought: “Omem”? What the heck is that? I wish I could see it  up close.
—and suppressed a scream, for next moment she lifted away from the deck of the Nicomacus like a released balloon, floating upward into the cool sea air.
“Luis? Luis?” She looked up, panicked. “Luis?”
Nothing.
Could he hear her thoughts now?
“Luis?”
In seconds she was thousands of feet over the water. It was cold up here, and getting colder very quickly. She felt light-headed as well. Altitude. She’d freeze—or suffocate.
“Luis? I-I’m c-c-c-cold. I need air. Luis—why won’t you answer me?”
Far below her stretched the Pier to Forever. On both sides of it floated the mighty fleet of the Saeire Insu, few and scattered widely to its left, a tremendous, awe-inspiring armada to its right. The sea glimmered like a melting mirror between the ships. Maggie bundled tightly against herself, feeling as though she was about to pass out. Without any further prompting, she thought:
I wish I were warm; I wish I could breathe.
—and just like that, fresh, dense air filled her lungs at the same moment that deep warmth flooded through her, relaxing her, reminding her hindbrain of days as a child running in from the falling snow and cold and standing back first to the fire crackling contentedly in the living-room hearth.
Deeply relieved, she wondered: Were wishes aecxes? Was she a Mathematician now? Had her healing brought this new ability about? When she touched her self’s forehead, did she touch some other part of herself, one perhaps dormant and unknown but now awake, a part that could help grant her her wishes? Or was it Luis, who for some reason wouldn’t (or couldn’t) speak to her?
She was closing in on a streaking blue star, what had to be the “Omem.” She looked down, feeling the stomach-dropping thrill of unaided flight. She was familiar with this altitude: it was the altitude of cruising airliners, six or seven miles off the ground.
The vista behind her was terrifying and humbling. The very edge of the world was right there, just behind her. The jaw-dropping keyhole under the Great Arch was coal-black at this height, the view through it bringing to mind the quatrain:
Having seen what no mortal has seen,
I am joyful, yet I quiver with dread.
Show me your other form—please—
the one that I know; have mercy
The Omem was coming right at her.
Maggie impulsively thought: I wish to stop here.
She was only half surprised when she slowed, stopped.
The blue star approached at very high speed, rocketing over and to the left of her trailing bright red blood, which fell unnaturally slowly, forming a transparent crimson curtain behind it, one that sparkled as the liquid froze.
But there was no mistaking it. The Omem was ... a heron! A great blue heron!
A great blue heron that glowed!
Maggie, fascinated (both by her newly discovered ability and the bird), thought: I wish to catch up to it.
Sudden acceleration tugged at her spine as she zoomed towards the great blue heron, now just a bright speck in the laced Ammalinaeus-circumscribed southern sky. Though she couldn’t see her arms, she stretched them to her sides like a bird anyway, so exhilarating was the sensation.
As she caught up to the wondrous bird, three things became obvious.
The first was its speed. The Omem beat its wings only once every ten seconds or so, but that bird moved. Maggie wished away the storm of air rushing into her face, tearing at her flesh, roaring deafeningly in her ears, estimating by way of her younger days on the back of her old Harley, long since sold down the river of domestication and settling down, that the stately bird was traveling well over a hundred miles per hour. Probably way over that. But she couldn’t be sure.
The second was the blood. It didn’t leak from the Omem’s legs, it gushed. From both of them. Great blue herons couldn’t weigh more than ten pounds, she reasoned as she caught up to it; but this one must have been losing many times that in blood loss every second. It shot back and away like twin fire hoses, settling through the frigid air slowly, sparkling as it veiled down to the sea.
The third thing was its eyes. They were large and pupilless and completely black, like a shark’s. Odd, she thought. What else had she just seen recently with similar eyes?
And now a fourth thing. The Omem didn’t glow per se, no. Only its midsection, as though it had swallowed a star. Or ...
Maggie, flying alongside it, stared. That bright cerulean light was very, very familiar.
But how could that be?
She gazed down. The sun-soaked ocean shot back blinding yellow highlights, the Pier to Forever a dark line running straight off the edge of the world left, to the right reaching for the first seaward Sister. It was just past midafternoon, so the huge shapeless shadow way out there, on the water, significantly less than halfway to the spire and eating a large chunk of the distance back to it like encroaching night, couldn’t be from the setting sun. Maggie lifted her chin, looked for a thundercloud or something large enough to cast it. She couldn’t see anything. 
What was casting that shadow?
And then she knew. Breathless, she whispered, “Holy God ...”
The Gyssian navy was shockingly, grotesquely enormous. It looked like a diseased lesion from up here, a black mass of gangrenous flesh eating everything in its path. And in its path were the Saeire Insu, which now, far beneath her, looked woefully pathetic in comparison.
Most of Necrolius Anaxagorius’ navy sailed south of Ae Infinitus, probably three-fourths of it, less than a day away, best guess. Most of Conor’s navy sat stationed north of the great Pier—and what looked to be behind the falling blood veil. 
What was he thinking when he sent the bulk of his fighting force north? His southern force would be slaughtered! Hell, they’d all be slaughtered!—the smaller Gyssian fleet bearing down on them north of the Pier to Forever was already bigger than the whole of the Saeire Insu. It was obvious even from this distance. How could the blood from this beast possibly help in their defense?
At that moment the Omem gave a startling cry. The sound was like a pure note, very high and drawn out. Maggie glanced at it, at the blood shooting behind it. Blood that sparkled as it froze and fell.
Wait a minute ...
She wished her way back to the descending crimson veil and slowed, stopped. Floating just inches from it, she reached an invisible hand out. The blood wasn’t freezing, no. Those sparkles were aecxes.
She touched it.
She jerked her hand away fast. That blood was hot, hot, HOT! She shook her hand out, cursing, the burn sizzling deep into her flesh—
Damnit! I wish the burn to GO AWAY!
The pain subsided instantly, her hand cooling and unclenching in stages.
She stared disbelievingly at the liquid shroud before her. It seemed to defy gravity, suspended as though poured over glass, something like clear cherry taffy. Or cough syrup. Thick. Heavy.
She turned her head, casting about for the Omem. It was a distant blue star once again, miles away. She looked back at the sparkling blood, looked through it. The awesome red-tinted shadow of the Gyssian navy appeared even more frightening through it.
An inner prompting called to her, urging her down and to the lead ships, those ahead—west—of the falling veil, the ones sure to clash first with the Gyssians. Was that prompting from Luis? Where was he? Was she in danger up here as she was at the Temple, with Conor? Was Luis warning her to fly away, to get to a lower altitude? How could she know? Why wasn’t he speaking to her?
The prompting repeated, stronger than the first. Maggie thought, I wish to go to the front ships, to the command boat there.
In a long, swooping, thrilling arc, she shot under the thick veil of falling Omem blood and down towards the ships.
Minutes later she glided just over them, flying between enormous flocks of seagulls and pelicans winging here and there in precise military formations. She noticed the hectic activity on each boat, the strobe-like flashes as warriors flew off or on them, the shouts of orders and camaraderie, sometimes even the voices of song: battle songs, anthems, powerful, haunting.
Past the main supergroup of warships, three or four miles west, she came upon large battlecruisers. These were in widely spaced clusters of five each. Another mile and she glided over another quintet, landing on the deck of the biggest boat there.
~~*~~
She stood at the bow, perplexed. What was she supposed to see? Was she somehow supposed to warn the warriors hurrying here, hurrying there, in a manic race to prepare for battle, that Necrolius’ enormous evil navy was, at best, a day away? If true, how could she do that? But no, she thought, calming herself: Conor had both the Winged and Finned Advances. They’d already be out there, well aware of what was coming and when. He’d not be surprised; no one in the Saeire Insu would.
She gazed up, looked for the Omem, couldn’t see it past the forest of sail-draped masts in her line of sight. She made her way through the military bustle to the ship’s stern, tried again when she arrived.
There.
The blue star was making its way back north, just barely visible, having circled back a good distance south of Ae Infinitus. The blood contrail fell like red paint poured over a windshield, very slowly. The veil was obvious now, here at the sea’s surface, dropping long, ghastly fingers at its northernmost point, progressively smaller ones the farther south she looked. The warriors occasionally broke from their energetic preparations and pointed at it, but there was no more fear of the blood or the Omem, as though the king’s pronouncement had already cycled through the entire fleet, assuring and calming all.
Maggie lingered on deck, watching the warriors, listening to them. The overwhelming sense of order, of urgency, gave her the jitters. She wandered below deck a couple of times, wondering if what she was supposed to see was down here, but came up with nothing. Nothing prompted her. She sat with the warriors in the messroom as they ate dinner much later, getting a feel for the rank and file, smiling at the fact that the captain and her officers (was that what they were called here?) behaved as though they were no better than those they commanded. The captain was a stern-faced short woman with a hawkish beak of a nose and cold gray eyes, who told filthy jokes but never laughed at the punch lines, merely studying the guffawing warriors with a wry look on her face. She was Vanerrincourtian—the green V with the blue cross overlay on her shoulder was the giveaway, as well as the story she told of serving as a deck scrub on the first ship Quartermane captained. Malesherbes Quartermane, she told her listeners, was the fairest, fiercest human being she’d ever known. His royal protege was no different, she assured them with eagle-eyed conviction (the entire galley quietened to this point to listen), which was why she would sleep soundly this night with no fear of the morrow. The battle plans the king had drawn up, and which all would be privy to soon enough, were brilliant, with their survival his first and foremost consideration. Maggie was sure she’d be able to hear a pin drop with that last affirmation. The warriors stared at their captain as she nodded surely back at them.
Maggie left them and made her way back up to the deck. The sun was behind the Sister now, setting it ablaze. Out there, just out of sight, hate itself was making a bee-line for them, thirsty for violence and bloodshed. It seemed impossible that there could be battle plans of any kind even remotely sufficient to stop it, Omem blood or no Omem blood.
She looked back for the soaring blue heron, spotted it immediately. It looked like a fast-moving Venus or Sirius the Dog Star heading right to left under the massive mist-enshrouded keyhole of the Great Arch. The blood veil beneath it was much larger now and frightening to behold, the extended, dreadful fingers of gore almost touching the sea in parts. It was as though someone had slashed the belly of the sky itself, the blood leaking everywhere. The sun’s long, fading, fanning orange-yellow rays lent the view an even more apocalyptic feel, and Maggie knew then why the men and women in the captain’s stead had listened so closely to her. The sight would disturb the stoutest soul.
She turned around, gazed back over the bow. And that’s when she saw it sitting on the jibboom just feet from her: a black dove.
It launched away at that moment, and the prompting hit her:
Follow it.
Maggie made the necessary wish and seconds later trailed the bird by only a few feet as it flew just over the calm surface of the sea, its wings beating rapidly and steadily as it made its way directly for the peninsula the warriors on the V-Nicomacus had mentioned earlier, the one with dramatic high pink cliffs cast a luminous orange by the setting sun. Point Loma.
In another universe, the alternate Point Loma was a tamed high-end suburban neighborhood covered in homes and streets and doctors and lawyers and investment bankers. Cabrillo National Monument, the analogous smaller, softer cliffs in that other reality, was where couples went to watch the city lights and make out. The cliffs here, by contrast, cast nothing less than a proud, defiant glare, pronouncing their wildness and contempt for all things human. Suburbia would never encroach on this Edge-hugging peninsula, she thought. She was glad of that.
The cliffs were at least fifteen miles distant. The black dove made good time, soaring up from the sea just before the waves crashed into them, landing moments later at the precipice of the highest cliff. Maggie touched down on a small, irregular patch of gravelly ground just behind it.
The view from here was instructive and beautiful. From the spraying surf far below, the sea stretched away, left, forward, and right. The Omem’s miles-high blood veil was omnipresent to the left, starting just behind her and running into the sea, the overhead glow of the Great Arch a freakish purple tint falling through it. Ghostly, dim flourescent sheens of aecxal sparkles, like static electricity, ran up large swaths of the veil at random moments, a surreal and entrancing light show, visible only as dusk deepened into twilight, twilight into night. Maggie cast about for the tiny, speedy blue star, but couldn’t find it.
Forward of the gore curtain was the dark line of Ae Infinitus. It hugged the ocean to the piercing Sister way, way out there, well past where she could make it out any longer. Between this cliff and that Sister was the Black Coffin and his numberless invaders. Now, with (real) stars winking into existence overhead and King Ammalinaeus’ rising splendor in the south (Maggie stared at the rings for a long time and thought of the fierce dragon mother Satelemark and her children, though her brood was nowhere to be found in tonight’s sky), she wondered what she was doing here, wondered at the significance of the black dove.
She brought her gaze back down to Infinitus, sensing the same gnawing confusion that had given her pause on the deck of the Nicomacus. Something about the Great Pier bothered her. What was it?
She sat on the ground, crossed her legs, and mulled over her bewilderment. The small black bird sat motionless on the rock just in front of her, increasingly hard to spot in the deepening dark. The night breezes up here would’ve been uncomfortably cold, she knew, without her earlier wish warming her. She remembered visiting Cabrillo National Monument ten years ago. She hadn’t thought to bring a coat. The sun was just setting then too, and she damn near froze to death. She felt the steady wind buffeting her, tussling her hair. She stared at the dove and waited.
An hour passed.
She was just about convinced that following it had been a mistake when the bird stood, shook itself, and then did something that shocked her.
It collapsed.
It sucked in; and then, as though being pulled into a black hole, it simply disappeared. But the hole—it expanded and rose very quickly, yawning open, wider and wider, taller and taller, reaching for her.
She surged to her feet and backed to the edge of the gravel patch quick, careful where she stepped, afraid she might trip and fall. The black hole started emitting ripples of blood-red light at its edges, sucking those in, emitting more. Soon the entire hole was filled with that light: a dull, baleful cast that started taking shape, coalescing, substantiating into ...
... a terrifyingly familiar, bright-red, veiled and winged monster.



Chapter 39
Riparius
Maggie screamed and tripped, falling backward into thorny scrub brush at the very edge of the cliff. She scrambled to her feet, the stings of thistles in her back and butt, along her arms and neck. She didn’t think to wish them away; shock had completely stolen her mind.
The Dreamcatcher stood a good six feet tall, covered head to toe in a diaphanous red veil. Up close like this, she could make out the outlines of its body and banana-shaped head, which curved over and down the first third of its back and through a hole in the veil. Inch-long blunt spikes covered the head’s bulbous end between uncovered and hairless bat’s wings. The beast’s silhouette revealed large elbows and knees, its long feet bare and narrow and with four six-inch-long toes with vicious talons at the end of each. It looked around as though seeking something, and it was then she noticed it: the red body veil wasn’t cloth. The thin cloak was part of its body.
Slitlike black eyes peered through oval cuts in the cowl. It turned completely in her direction, looking up, then looking back towards the fleet. The veil opened just enough to reveal stamped brass-colored armor beneath: a broadsword thrust down through a flaming ring. The evil symbol caught a rising static sparkle-storm of Omem blood as the monster’s head traced its race to the top of the curtain. Maggie’s temples throbbed with anger nourished plentifully by fear. This horrible thing was just on a Saeire Insu destroyer!
She knew then exactly what it was here to do. She looked out with it. She had a very good idea what it was looking for.
Sure enough, within the minute, it appeared. The dragon swam out of the dark towards the cliff, undulating through the air gracefully, semi-transparent and wingless, looking for all intents and purposes like a great big Chinese kite. It waved to a halt just off the edge, waited.
The Dreamcatcher stretched its wings, then flew off the precipice, coming around and over the dragon, settling on its back. The dragon and its evil rider flew off.
The prompting that flushed through Maggie was expected: Follow it.
She thought: I wish to follow the dragon.
She caught up to it moments later, well aware of where it was headed, feeling sick to her stomach. How many more of Conor’s own people were Traitors? How could he expect to win? And yet ... and yet—he did! This was a soul trace, she reminded herself; she was witnessing the past. She tried relaxing, but couldn’t; nor could she clear her head. She floated just behind the dragon, its undulations creating regular puffs of cool breeze that blew back into her face.
Hours passed.
Despite the adrenaline coursing through her veins, despite the tightness in her neck and back, she actually dozed off, the dreamy, flowing flight of the dragon lulling her mind bit by bit to sleep. But her nap was fitful, fraught with nightmares, the frightful shadowy spectre of Necrolius always ending up in each, looming over her, long, green, black-veined fingers reaching hungrily for her face ...
She bolted awake to find herself flying over Gyssian sails, endless Gyssian sails, the warships beneath huge and bulky, their muted deck and portal lights throwing hazy sparks of yellow light on unfathomable black waters. Ammalinaeus outlined the alarming vastness of the Gyssian navy; so too the weak, eerie backlight of the Great Arch behind her. From here the Omem’s blood-veil appeared as a transparent red rectangle under it, like looking at a five-inch-long cinnamon candy wrapper held at arm’s length beneath a blue-green glowtube. The sky above her was cloudless and full of stars, as though the heavens themselves wanted to watch the inevitable battle, one she was sure would come sometime in the morning. The Gyssians were making good time, their sails full, the wind steady and in their favor.
The dragon made a weird hissing noise and began its descent towards a flagship, one larger than the rest, coming to a floating stop feet over the sprawling top deck some minutes later. The monster stretched its wings and dismounted, alighting down just as a contingent of flat-staring men approached. The leader snapped, “What’s your business here, Dreamcatcher?”
A pause. Then a smooth, pleasant Voice answered with:
—I am in Prince Trajan’s direct employ. I have vital information for him concerning the mutineers’ battle plans. You would do well to let me pass.—
“What is your designation? Protocol requires that we run this by our captain first,” said the man. His eyes were void and lifeless, but he had spoken with deep, biting contempt.
—I am known among my kind as Riparius.—
One of the men’s faces registered instant recognition, followed immediately by surprise and fear. He opened his mouth at the same moment that, at the monster’s side, it relaxed its closed fist, flicked a wicked taloned finger out. Maggie barely caught the motion, was sure the Tracluse didn’t. Because the rest of their faces went from numb disdain to total expressionlessness in that same moment. The one showing fear only stared ahead, at nothing, as if he’d just witnessed a grisly murder and was completely speechless.
And then she saw what the man was seeing—it overcame her senses for a moment, like changing the channel on the television and back again—and she quailed. He wasn’t hallucinating a murder, no. He was watching himself commit suicide by climbing the ship’s rail and jumping overboard.
The lead Tracluse came back to himself at the same moment Maggie did. The monster’s long, thin finger withdrew slowly back into the fist.
“Of course, of course,” he said, oblivious to the blank terror in the man next to him. “We will send for a sentinel to escort you to his quarters immediately.” And with that they left. All but the terrified one. The other men didn’t seem to notice he wasn’t with them. The monster turned its attention to him. The pleasant Voice said:
—Kill yourself.—
And with that the man immediately turned, the horror still on his face, and, exactly as the vision showed him, marched to the edge of the boat where, without any hesitation, he climbed the rail and jumped overboard. Maggie, appalled, heard the faint splash just as a black-and-green-garbed human sentinel approached. 
Nobody had noticed the suicide.
The sentinel went to speak, but then his face too went blank. The channel switched: it showed the monster following him. Switched back.
—Take me to the prince immediately.—
As though under remote control, the sentinel turned on his heel and began walking, the monster sweeping up behind him, the scene exactly as she had just viewed it. She trailed the beast, shaken. As she went to follow it down the lighted portal leading below deck, a powerful prompting hit her, weakening her knees even more. Go no farther, it warned. You have seen all you were meant to see. Return to the Saeire Insu.
Her breath caught in her throat. She turned to go, happy to make the wish to fly back to Conor’s fleet, but something stopped her: something directly at odds with the prompting. She held up, uncertain what to do. She tried to think.
There was far more to what she was witnessing here than met the eye. One of Necrolius’ own had just killed a fellow Gyssian. What was its intentions with Prince Trajan Chaundran? But as she turned and unsurely made her way down the first few steps into the shadows, another, even stronger visceral prompting hit her:
No! Great evil is about to happen here! Leave! Leave NOW!
She shuddered, felt her heart fluttering, felt indecision roil her gut, felt the muscles of her thighs tremble as though she’d just done an hour of deep-knee bends.
No! she thought fiercely. No! There is something really important to know here, and I need to discover what it is! She took another step into the shadows, and as another prompting came upon her, this one like a genuine heart attack, she grabbed for her nonexistent chest, gritted her teeth, sucked in a lungful of dank air, and punched through the thought with: I wish the promptings to go away until I’ve discovered the full truth here!
The feelings of dread dissolved instantly. 
But not the cold, sinking feelings of uncertainty and misgiving. Was she doing the right thing? If the promptings were coming from Luis, who was apparently cut off from communicating with her verbally, then what was it he didn’t want her to see? Was it really that horrible? Would she jeopardize their friendship by proceeding? But she couldn’t deny the deeper urge to find out, even if the source of that urge was a complete mystery. Something stronger inside her being had to find out. She gulped back the fear and stepped completely into the darkness.
The steps down led her into the belly of the Gyssian flagship, ending at the foot of a wide, reasonably high-ceilinged passageway lined with doors, all closed. A single oil lamp flickered at the end, where the monster stood silently facing two others of its kind, who stared back at it. Maggie took a tremulous step forward.
A seven-foot demon suddenly emerged out of the blackness to her left, growling subsonically, and before she could move it passed through her on its way up the stairs. The instant sensation was that of being covered in leprous, necrotic, worm-ridden flesh, cold, acidic, degenerate. She dropped involuntarily to her hands and knees. The nausea swam straight up her gullet, made her snort compulsively. She forced herself to her feet, swallowing back the dizzy urge to puke. She shuddered heavily, looked around, then advanced very cautiously and apprehensively down the hall towards the veiled-and-winged beasts, prepared to jump out of the way should another Mephastophian materialize from out of the gloom.
She didn’t want to ask the question, but once again it percolated to the top of her consciousness: Did Luis in reality look like one of these things?
After all, he’d called himself a Dreamcatcher; and she’d chickened out when she had the chance to ask him.
The monsters were staring intently at each other next to a closed door.
As she approached, her nausea slowly subsiding, she caught the Voice of Riparius, who was saying, —... There is nothing to hear, nothing to see. So you shall influence all, so you shall experience yourselves. Be gone. Then ... be dead.—
She braced for the channel to switch, was very grateful when it didn’t.
The monsters bowed then swept away, leaving the door unguarded. Riparius reached for the handle, pressed down, pushed the door open just as a familiar voice from within it thundered, “Who the hell are you to interrupt me, Dreamcatcher?”
Maggie hurried up behind it, just as Riparius walked in and closed the door.
~~*~~
Prince Trajan Chaundran glared up from a wide table covered in unrolled scrolls of white parchment marked extensively in ink (battle plans?), his earless head giving him a pronounced snakelike appearance.
“Well?”
Riparius seemed to hesitate for a second, as if seeking something in the Mathematician, something that Maggie instinctively sensed was in her—but not in him. The absence of that thing—she didn’t know what it was—seemed to embolden the monster, even enrage it. Riparius said:
—I have a message from the Vanerrincourtian king, Lord Prince ...—
Necrolius’ first came to his feet slowly, visibly disgusted, the shadow of wrath falling over his cold, sharpened visage. “Why you—”
He raised his healed and pinkieless hands. Bolts of red-laced lightning shot out his remaining fingers, deafening. But, quite oddly, the Mathematician had aimed nowhere near Riparius, firing feet to its right. The channel switched for Maggie just then, and just like that the monster was next to the bed ten feet away, exactly where Trajan unleashed another round of lightning. But no ... now it was right behind him. Trajan spun, firing. Then firing wildly to her left, where Riparius appeared for a half second. Then into the lightless back corner. The bolts chewed huge holes into the wood of the hull, blew the furniture in the suite apart. Smoke and floating debris filled the cabin.
There was a gap of nothing at all, as if the plug on the television had been pulled, cutting off her vision, then the scene switched on again to reveal the veiled, bright-red beast standing over Trajan, who now lay on those battle plans, his fingers, hands, and feet tied tightly with odd red string, his arms bound securely to his body. His eyes gradually refilled with life and recognition of his real surroundings—eyes that widened momentarily with fear. He struggled against his binds, yelled: “What is this? Release me immediately! Do you hear me? Immediately!”
The pleasant, smooth Voice:
—Do you know who I am, little boy?—
Trajan glowered upward. “You dare address me in that manner? I will have you torn apart! Guards! GUARDS!”
—They cannot hear you; no one can hear you. As we speak, your ship’s crew is killing each other or committing suicide, including the entire regiment of Mephastophians on board. Soon there will be no one on this vessel alive but you; and believe me, very soon you will be praying to join your dead comrades.—
Trajan thrashed wildly on the table, tearing paper beneath him, screaming for help. He cursed Riparius, struggling frantically to get free. Odd sparks of lightning shot from his fingers into the wrist binds, but somehow the binds seemed completely immune to his powers.
The monster watched all this patiently; Maggie sensed mild paternal amusement in it.
Finally:
—The binds are leg sinews from slaughtered Unsolvables. Slaughtered by Gyssians, of course. Your powers will not touch them.—
“God-DAMN you!” screeched Trajan. “Help! HELP!” Then: —My Lord Emperor, I beg your assistance. I am being held against my will in my quarters by one of Your Lord’s Dreamcatchers. Please, My Lord, help me ...—
Riparius’ malevolent and sweet laugh echoed inside Maggie’s mind. She heard:
—Your Voice is mute to all but me, O Mighty Mathematician. But I must admit to feeling some nostalgia just now: hearing your pleas for help reminds me so of your younger days whenever you got into trouble in the Royal Palace as a boy. Such pleading then, too! But, most fortunately, Exeter and your mother were always there to smooth over your frequent sins. And so frequent were they! But then they tired of rescuing you, tired of the continual embarrassment you brought upon the Royal Family. They started refusing to help. Such impudence! They finally figured out what you were. What you are—still. So you went to your powerful allies in the Seminarium, Tracluse all, who picked up the slack most urgently—all to curry royal favor, of course ... —
Trajan stopped fighting against his binds. Glared up.
“You dare pretend to know of my past, Dreamcatcher? Name yourself, if you have the courage. I’ll have your name before I take your worthless life.”
—I am known everywhere as Riparius, My Lord Prince.—
Trajan spat. Riparius did nothing to avoid it, nothing to wipe it away. The spittle glistened like tiny sequins on its thin red veil in the flickering oil light of the smoke-filled room.
“I have heard of you,” the prince sneered, fighting against his binds. “You are not worthy to wear Gyssian armor.”
The pleasant, smooth Voice answered with, —You are right, My Lord. I am not worthy of it.—
And with that the Dreamcatcher pulled open its body cloak, reached behind itself, and released the catches strapping the metal to its chest. The protective plating fell with a heavy, noisy clang to the floor.
“You may be feared among your own kind, animal,” snarled Trajan Chaundran as Riparius kicked away the armor, “but I don’t share your kind’s pathetic little fears.”
Riparius regarded its victim calmly.
—Then you are sure to share your own kind’s, young one ...—
The monster’s form suddenly collapsed into itself, the red streaks feeding outward this time, the blackness flowing away, replaced by a navel-high white pinpoint of light that expanded, flashing hugely, disappearing as sparkling white aecxal smoke.
The transformed figure standing above the prince was clad in a long red cloak, the cowl pulled over its head, a very thick leatherbound tome cradled deferentially in the crook of its left arm. The tome appeared torn and stained, even waterlogged. The figure peered down at Necrolius’ prince; and the prince, astonished, whispered:
“It’s  ... you ...”
A kind, amused voice, one with an elegant Castillian Spanish accent, replied, “Of course it is.”
And with that, a middle-aged Luis Arroyo pulled back the cowl, revealing his face. A face framed darkly by a form-fitting medieval helm.
Maggie’s eyes jolted wide, her heart jumping hysterically into her neck. She craned forward, shaking uncontrollably.
She suddenly understood the significance of the cloak, the helm—and the damaged book. It was the Bible.
This wasn’t her new and dear friend Luis Arroyo, no. This was Spanish Inquisitor Father Luis Diaz de Luco Mendoza, dressed in his vestments. The priest regarded Trajan Chaundran, frequent and unrepentant sinner, gently and coldly.
Trajan was speechless. For the first time, real terror colored his face.
Maggie turned to go. She couldn’t watch this! She yelled, “I wish to return to the Saeire Insu right now!”
Nothing happened.
“I wish to return to the Saeire Insu RIGHT NOW!”
But ... nothing! Nothing! She was trapped—on a Gyssian destroyer! In Trajan Chaundran’s own quarters!
She hurried to the door. But as she approached, a bizarre invisible force resisted her, pushing back, refusing her escape. She leaned into it, crying out, “Damnit, Luis, you were right! Now let me go! I don’t want to watch this. Let me GO! AAAAAAARGH!”
She couldn’t reach the doorknob. Couldn’t! The exit was like a magnet repelling her like charge. She lurched for it, couldn’t reach it. “Damnit!”
Behind her the Inquisitor said, “Do you remember my daughter Espriella, Prince Trajan? I believe she was one of your closest boyhood friends, yes? What joy I used to feel watching you and her play in the Palace Gardens! Such innocence, such boundless enthusiasm and energy, such wide-eyed wonder at the world.... Did you know that at one time your mother seriously considered appointing me as your mentor? How unfortunate—for so, so many—that I failed to impress her sufficiently ...” He smiled sweetly. “We all know whom she ended up choosing—don’t we?”
Trajan’s tongue was frozen. He could only stare upward at the man staring kindly down at him.
“My sweet daughter liked you so much. Tell me, My Lord Prince: Did you like her?”
Silence.
Luis tilted his helm-covered head.
—The channel switched—
Maggie suddenly found herself in an incredible, expansive garden surrounded by high, ornamentally carved white stone walls. Sunshine splashed over everything, the day’s breezes pleasant and relaxing. She heard laughter behind her—the laughter of children—and turned to look.
Two kids ran by her, a boy and a girl. They were playing tag or something similar. Maggie missed the face of the boy; but the girl, who scampered behind a large statue, was unmistakable, so beautiful even as a child she was. Luis’ daughter, Espriella. Her large brown eyes peered furtively around the stone figure, her mouth devilish and innocent at the same time as it widened into a mischievous smile. She called out in a singsong voice, “I can see you ...”
—switched again—
Trajan was suddenly hanging upside down and naked in a cold, dark dungeon, an adult once more, his throat cut ear to ear and bleeding out, pulsing out, jetting out, weaker and weaker and weaker, pooling on the floor beneath him as he gurgled and coughed and twisted, his face bathed in his own blood—
—switched back to reality—
Trajan was screaming. So was Maggie. The scene had overpowered her, even though, still fighting for the door, she was turned away from them. She wheeled about, sweating, horrified, pushing back against the force opposing her, her invisible hands raised in a futile attempt at shielding her eyes from what she might see next. But she couldn’t stop herself from looking. The prince was still tightly bound on the paper-strewn table, his eyes refocusing upward. He fell silent, gaping up at the man studying him almost abstractedly.
“I am sorry, my son,” said Luis with infinite calm and compassionate love in his voice, “I did not get that. Allow me to repeat myself. I asked if you liked my daughter.” His gentle brown eyes widened patiently. “Did you?”
But Trajan didn’t respond; there was nothing but vacant terror bleaching his face.
Maggie yelled, “Answer him! Answer him, you damn fool!” But as Trajan continued gawking mutely upward, she frantically changed to: “I wish the visions to go away! I wish the visions to go—”
—switch—
The two children were sitting on one of the lower boughs of a tremendous shade tree. They sat close together, swinging their legs in time. Maggie got a good look at young Trajan’s face this time, and it became obvious in that single glance that though he and Espriella were but ten years old, what the young boy felt for the beautiful girl next to him was far more than just friendship. The young prince loved her ...
—switch—
She found herself standing in a leaden and shadowy courtyard. Cold rain fell on her head. On his back on a raised stone platform five feet away was Necrolius’ first, adult, his hands and feet each tied to separate horses mounted by red-clad priests praying as one and urging the horses away. He shrieked, his joints popping out, his cries echoing dolefully against the high black walls in the distance, his limbs tearing free of his body—
—switched out—
“My daughter liked you, Prince Trajan,” said Father Luis over the man’s (and Maggie’s) screams. “She really did. She used to tell me how you made her laugh, how you and she collected prehorses at the tide pools, how you climbed trees together—as you just reexperienced—and how you and she pretended to be Excelsior Guards, defending the Palace against invaders....”
Luis chuckled once. “Ironic, that.” He turned and placed the torn and stained leatherbound Bible on a slanting, ornately designed escritoire just behind him. “Most ironic, would you not agree?”
He turned back and bent over the whimpering prince, grasping his tied hands with great concern. “I will ask you one more time,” he whispered urgently. “Did you like my daughter, Espriella Arroyo, Young Master?”
The bound man goggled unblinkingly up, his eyes revealing that he was finally apprehending the dire nature of his circumstances. “Y-Y-Yes,” he at long last managed to croak out.
“Excellent,” said Father Luis, patting those hands and nodding. “Excellent.” He took a step back and reached inside his robe, producing a round silver pendant. He dangled it over his forefinger. Maggie, though as far away from the scene as she could get, and with tears blurring her vision, still recognized it instantly. An Emasculatem.
Prince Trajan, still shaking from the horrific visions, recognized it too. He said, defiantly (which at this point amazed Maggie, given his utter helplessness), “It won’t work, Healer. The Lord Emperor is much more powerful than I. Removing that will be trivial.”
Luis smiled, said, “As it should be; and as I dearly hope the Lord Emperor will view the matter, which I fully expect him to.” He studied the pendant with detached curiosity, the silver metal catching the weak light of the room and glinting dully. “This one is quite real, it should be noted, in contrast to the one you wore for years around the kingdom, fooling everyone. Everyone except me, of course. Now lie still, or shall I discipline you yet again...?”
Trajan prudently lay motionless as Luis reached down for his head, placing the pendant around his neck. The prince said, “You’re finished now. You’ve made your point,” he said desperately. “I’ve answered your question. Yes, I liked your daughter when we were growing up. Yes, yes I did. You have obviously deduced that I was present at her execution for treason against the new Imperium. So as punishment you defang me, which will last about two hours or until the Lord Emperor arrives to remove the Emasculatem. He’s expecting me then, you know. He’ll send an envoy for me. He’ll find me. You don’t want to be here when he does.”
He continued, his words bunched together, “You have terrified me with your Dreamcatcher’s mind tricks. I admit it. Are you happy now? Now unbind me, and I shall let you escape in peace—with your head still on your shoulders. Though I can’t promise such a happy ending for the royal fraud who sent you.”
Luis turned away as the prince spoke, staring straight through Maggie to the dark door just behind her. Her veins went ice cold. The rage she had seen flash through her friend’s eyes at the Pier as he walked her home descended now like the Black Plague over his entire visage as he stood there, though his expression didn’t change one bit. He swallowed, his temples contracting with the effort, the form-fitting helm making his face seem immaterial, discarnate. Without turning back, he said:
“Conor Kieran did not send me, young one. He has no idea that I am here. Our privacy is total. And—I shall be finished with you long before Flaglyas comes calling.” 
A bottomless pause.
“Emasculatems are such extraordinary devices, don’t you think?” asked Luis brightly, still looking away, the kindness in his voice untainted by the simmering subsurface fury cowering Maggie at the door. “Your Lord Emperor has but a beginner’s understanding of them, though I theorize that he has tinkered somewhat successfully with them, which explains how he can keep his Dreamcatchers so pathetically tamed ...”
He turned around.
“Despite his tinkerings, however, his knowledge remains quite pitifully shallow. Do you know how they, Emasculatems, function? No? Thank you for shaking your head so promptly. Your timely responses will expedite my work tonight.
“The Emasculatem,” Luis explained, “creates a conflicted aecxal soul bind. It acts as a capacitor, not a conductor. Mathematicians are, to greater or lesser degree, simple aecxal conductors. The conducting ‘medium,’ for lack of a better word, is inextricably linked to a Mathematician’s physical life processes through an intraphysiomedialmic-osmotic interface. Crudely speaking, a Mathematician is only as powerful as that conductor and that interface allow him to be. The Emasculatem cuts off the latter completely. Pull the Emasculatem off as a less powerful Mathematician, or as a regular disempowered subject, and the link is ripped open: the aecxal power or ‘charge’ leaks out completely. Both die, because the stronger power loss from one overwhelms the weaker second.
“Even Unsolvables, who are normally—and somewhat inaccurately—immune to a Mathematician’s direct aecxal power, will die, though the reason why is well beyond the scope of our discussion tonight. Mathematicians who pull off their own Emasculatems die because the interface I just mentioned is intentionally vectored. Wearing it ‘cements’ that vector’s magnitude and direction, to put it in rudimentary terms. The ground at the collapsing Mathematician’s feet becomes the passive receiver of the released charge, upon which it simply disperses into nothingness. All quite obvious, really.”
Luis turned to the torn and tattered Bible, opened it. He flipped contemplatively through several pages before saying:
“Flaglyas is in possession, however, as you just somewhat pitifully admitted, of powers far exceeding your own. He will pull this Emasculatem off, and the aecxal charge, flowing out of you, will encounter his own considerably greater charge, which will, simplistically speaking, rebuff yours, sending it right back into your body. You live on, completely unaware that such a potentially cataclysmic process just took place.”
The priest’s finger traced down a page, tapped it a few times, then turned more pages. He looked over his shoulder, smiled, then added, “Of course, you will be quite unaware for other reasons ...” He turned calmly back to the Bible. 
He read for a long time, humming a happy tune. Trajan wisely chose to remain motionless and silent. The Inquisitor cut the melody off mid-note, said:
“The Emasculatem binds uniformly over the distributed mean coherence of the particular soul it is assigned to. Think of iron filings, My Lord Prince. Scattered widely, they are not nearly as good a conductor as they are piled on each other. Or compared to, say, a solid iron bar. Follow? A soul can be utterly desiccated as yours is, My Lord, but still be a powerful aecxal conductor. One can tear down the mountains of one’s soul, one can pollute the marshlands, set fire to the forests and piss in the waters, but the elements that make up those mountains, marshlands, forests and waters are still, for the most part, there, are still cohered. They are just in a differently cohered, that is to say perverted, manifestation. 
“Those elementals are, for better or worse, also inextricably linked, but to your mind—” Luis pointed at his own head—“your brain. Coherence of soul is thus a dependent function of the Mathematician’s unique or, as with you, corporate, grasp of reality, as well as the rationale for that grasp. A Mathematician’s worldview, if you will. An Emasculatem placed around the neck of a ‘rational’ Mathematician coheres and aligns to that ‘rationality’ ... ” Luis shrugged, smiled. “... no matter how invalid, sick, or twisted that ‘rationality’ be.”
The Spanish Inquisitor settled on a page, placed a red silk marker gently down the bind, and turned to face his victim. His eyes widened for a scant second, and Maggie pressed back even harder against the damnable invisible repulsive force trapping her. Those eyes hadn’t lost the rage she saw earlier; they’d only gotten darker, much darker. An explosion was building within the priest; when it detonated she did not want to be anywhere nearby.
Father Luis said:
“An interesting question, Prince Trajan: What would happen if a ‘rational’ Mathematician, one with an Emasculatem around his neck, then becomes, shall we say, not ‘rational’? What happens to the relationship between that iron bar and the Emasculatem if that tortured, that is to say perverted, that is to say corporate iron bar were, say, melted? What if we then introduce external impurities and corruptions? The Emasculatem attaches to the soul as it encounters it when the bearer first puts it on—or has it put on him. But then an external agency ‘melts the iron’ of the Bound one’s soul, and then pollutes that iron. The soul loses all self-identity, loses its ‘rationality,’ loses its ‘grip’ on reality, to employ a colloquialism.
“Reason with me, my son. What would happen then if a more powerful Mathematician came along and yanked that Emasculatem—the last coherent, ‘rational,’ static connector that soul has—off? A very interesting question, would you not agree? What do you think will happen then, Prince Trajan Chaundran, heir to the Vanerrincourtian throne, boyhood friend to my precious murdered daughter? Do you conjecture, lying there, defiant to the last, that the Mathematician’s soul would then be forever unhealable, its coherence forever scrambled as the chain—” Maggie jumped as the priest’s hand whipped out, grasping the pendant roughly, twisting it—“snaps?”
Before the prince could choke out a reply, his neck pulled up, his Adam’s apple sliding up and down rapidly as he swallowed constricted sips of air, Luis, his voice very low, his face just inches from the other’s, cut him off with:
“Your mentor made a terrible, foolish, unforgivable mistake. He made two, actually. The first is he loved you as you grew into manhood—and before he became what he is today. The second? He has refused even to this day to erase that love from the Conscientium Energium. I discovered it long ago, and reconfirmed its existence just before coming here. It has informed my entire plan of action. Flaglyas Turpensus may have wiped his own soul from existence, but he foolishly never did the same to that last trace of the very thing connecting you to him in a way that is unique on all Aquanus. It is the very last trace of humanity left within him—and is in fact his most secret and cherished possession. Only you have been loved by that soul-sucking freak, young Trajan. Only you. And in a very demented way, he still loves you. I know this because, against everything he has become, that trace still exists. It still exists.”
Luis’ voice shook. “He took away my only reason for living ... my only reason.... And you helped him do it ... You who befriended her as a boy, played with her, made her laugh ... loved her.... My sweet, beautiful, murdered Espriella....” He tightened his grip on the pendant, his brown eyes glistening.
“No, please ...” gurgled Trajan, terrified.
Maggie: Sweet Jesus, I don’t want to watch this! I don’t want to watch this! I wish not to see anymore! PLEASE! I WISH NOT TO—
“... and—so—I—shall—take—away—the—only—thing—that—he—has—EVER—LOVED!” raged the Inquisitor. His eyes flashed—
—the channel switched—



Chapter 40
The Wheel and the Call
Maggie stood in an expansive, dark enclosure surrounded by high, broken stone walls and shattered archways. Rubble lay in huge piles everywhere, the remains of a great cathedral or something larger. A dim, featureless orange-red sky above showered tiny flakes of hot gray ash on her head, the cries of unseen countless millions filling the air, as soft and somber as winter’s lonely wind whistling through the leafless boughs over an abandoned cemetery.
Click-thump.
She whirled about.
Prince Trajan Chaundran was bound naked and back-first to the rim of a large wooden wheel ten yards away, his wrists tied high above his head, his ankles below. Two huge, freakish, sallow-skinned priests with sagging, bleeding, unblinking eyes and misshapen mouths, and dressed also in red vestments, stood one to a side at the wheel, gripping similar iron cranks. A third stood off to the right, slowly waving a bronze incense burner at his hip, the gray smoke from the vessel rising lazily into the hot air. The wheel’s rim dipped into a shallow concrete trough of foul-smelling piceous liquid, oil or gas, mixed with blood or excrement, or both. The mixture caught fire occasionally, eerie blue flames whooshing quietly up a couple feet, then extinguishing, leaving behind wavy, shimmering curls of superheated air which vanished into the hell-sky. The sickly sweet vapors of the incense mixed with the trough’s sulfuric cesspool stench, nauseating her. It smelled like a sewer break in a perfume shop, one located near an oil refinery.
The grotesque priests cranked the wheel one jarring notch:
Click-thump.
Trajan jolted with the heavy movement, his body rising half a foot. The Spanish Inquisitor—her friend—came suddenly into view from behind a large, badly damaged altar, stepping solemnly down broken stairs, his hands clasped prayerfully under his chin. He approached his unwilling arrepentido.
Click-thump.
The prince’s face was almost level with Luis’. The priests turning the wheel began chanting in monotone Latin.
“The lost soul can be saved,” intoned Luis just feet from Trajan. “But this soul is not lost. It has made its many wicked choices in full awareness and in full knowledge of the grim consequences.”
Click-thump.
“Please,” cried Necrolius’ first, “please, Healer, I’ll do anything for you, just let me—”
“Silencio!” thundered Luis. He withdrew a long silver knife from beneath his cloak and slashed it across the prince’s chest. 
Click-thump.
Trajan (and Maggie) convulsed, tried to shrink in himself, screamed. But he could barely move, so securely was he bound to the rim of the wheel. Blood ran freely down his bare belly as Luis yelled:
“There is no deeper place within the bowels of Hell than that reserved for he who has betrayed his own soul!”
Click-thump.
He slashed at Trajan’s midsection again, crosswise to the first cut. The prince’s hideous screams rent the air, sent chills down Maggie’s spine, who curled around herself in sympathetic pain.
Click-thump.
Over the prince’s cries, and speaking as though reciting a liturgy, Luis Arroyo, Inquisition priest, said:
“Pray for your soul, Prince Trajan Chaundran Vanerrincourt! Repent! For upon this night, aye this eternal night, shall I damn it forever! The ashes of evil rain down upon thy head, O condemned!” He lifted his arms, gazing into the fire-sky, his eyes wide, unhinged, the knife in his grip dripping with his victim’s blood.
“Upon this eternal night shall I boil sin from thee!”
Click-thump.
“Upon this eternal night shall I, upon the slanted and flinty rock, cast the dying spark of thy contemptible spirit into the Pit Everlasting!”
Click-thump.
“Come unto me, O angel of torment! Come unto me and guide my Holy Intentions! Guide my hand as I do thy hallowed work!”
Click-thump. 
Click-thump.
“P-P-Please, Healer, please, I ... I beg you,” gurgled Trajan, upside down now, the blood from his open chest and belly wounds flooding over his face, dripping from his hair. “Release me. Go in peace. Let me live. I d-d-don’t want to d-die! I don’t want to die!”
Click-thump.
The wheel dropped him one jarring notch at a time towards the trough full of boiling, flaming filth.
Click-thump.
But the Inquisitor, on the far side of the wheel from him now, ignored him. Trajan’s persecutor lowered his arms and head slowly, placed the bloody knife on a broken marble pedestal next to him.
“Blow thy trumpet, Pale Destruction!” he shouted down the front of his red cloak. “Summon forth the Undead Hosts!”
Click-thump.
He lifted his head.
“Call forth the foul waters and pour them into the rent flesh of the Unworthy! Let him bathe in thy scalding piss, let him feast upon thy shit!”
Click-thump.
“I, thy servant, beseech thy countenance, O Rotting Maul! Let thy judgment claw over his corpse, let it shatter his teeth!”
As the wheel dropped Trajan Chaundran head-first towards the trough, from beyond the craggy, shattered high walls and through the deep gloom they came, corpses, men and women and children, stumbling forth, their eyes blank, their pallid faces tinged gray in death, their mouths black and cracked and drooling, their bodies covered in all manner of wounds and burns. Many were missing limbs; Maggie choked back the grief of a woman carrying a crying child without legs. Some of the zombies were still dressed in the tattered and burned livery of (she guessed) Gyssian-vanquished Aquanian nations, but most were naked. They lurched past her and surrounded the wheel, where they began marching in a clockwise fashion around it. They moaned and groaned as though in never-ending anguish.
Click-thump.
Maggie couldn’t turn away from the scene. Trajan’s torture wasn’t what held her. It was the overwhelming darkness surging like pestilence itself through a valley of massacred innocents writ large on her friend’s face. The Spanish Inquisition priest.
Click-thump.
Click-thump.
Trajan’s head was just above the trough, his arms past the elbows already in the liquid. He wailed and thrashed in agony as the submerged flesh scalded. The undead turned to face him, kneeling on the baked, lifeless, yellow earth. In unison they spoke, a lifeless, flat chorus of voices not unlike Necrolius Anaxagorius’ own:
“Eternal Night,
Terror and blight,
Extinguish light,
Extinguish light!
Seven sources:
Lepers and corpses—
Souls and spirits!
Souls and spirits!”
“He took her life,” Father Luis shouted over them, “he consumed her soul. But I shall do neither, O evil prince. By fire shall thee yet live! By anguish thy soul shall remain in thy body. But it shall no longer belong to thee!” His rage broke, his face insane: “An accursed vegetable, rotting inside, torn asunder, useless—WORTHLESS!”
Click-thump.
Trajan’s head dipped into the liquid.
Maggie, riveted, heard the prince’s burbled shriek, saw the bubbles of his breath rise thickly to the top of the boiling piceous mixture. The undead congregation continued chanting as the priests cranked the wheel—
Click-thump.
Click-thump.
His entire torso was in. And as the chanting went on—
Click-thump.
Click-thump.
Trajan Chaundran had disappeared completely into the scalding liquid under the wheel. The undead rose to their feet, began marching and stumbling counterclockwise while still chanting. The incense-waving priest walked solemnly to Father Luis’ side, where they prayed silently, their heads bowed together. The two cranking the wheel patiently waited. Presently the Inquisitor looked up, said something in Latin, and the two priests at the wheel resumed their work as the one with the incense took the bloody knife from the pedestal, wiped it ceremonially on white cloth of some kind, then wrapped it carefully in the same before stuffing it in his cloak and moving away.
Click-thump. 
Click-thump. 
Click-thump.
Prince Trajan Chaundran emerged from the liquid.
The sight dropped Maggie to her knees, and she began wretching. Her stomach tried expelling nothingness, the convulsions going on and on. She cried and hiccupped as she gagged, her stomach seizing painfully. But she couldn’t look away, as though her choice to cut off the promptings had also cut off her ability to blind herself to that which she just had to witness, what the promptings tried warning her away from.
Trajan’s body smoked like overdone bacon, his blackened skin bubbling, his eyes sucked into his skull, his mouth belching great explosive torrents of excrement-befouled fluid. He still shrieked, unbelievably, inhumanly, his body thrashing as though electrified against the rim of the wheel he was fixed upon. Father Luis Diaz de Luco Mendoza stepped forward until he stood just inches from his victim. Somehow over the man’s screams she heard him say:
“The wages of sin is death, Prince Trajan Chaundran. But you shall yet live—you who have sinned most egregiously against so many thousands, against me, against my own blood. 
“Have I not shown you infinite mercy this day? Have I not spared you the judgment only the Most High can exact, and which your master has wrongly appropriated and feels is his sole right?
“Yes, My Lord, you shall live. But you shall not know it. Instead you shall know and feel nothing from this day forward but the eternal and eternally deep misery you know and feel now; and when your master yanks the Emasculatem from your neck, the punishment I have meted out will be made inescapable ...”
Luis reached inside his cloak, produced a vial of holy water. He stepped two paces back.
“... and permanent.”
Raising his voice, he shouted in a singsong fashion:
“Your soul is forfeit, Vanerrincourt Trajan Chaundran, deposed heir of the Aquanicentra Thronehead! In the name of the Father and the Son—” He raised the vial over his head, hurled the liquid in it at the prince in the form of a cross, vertically then horizontally. The water splashed on the prince’s bubbling flesh and he went up like a log doused in gasoline, blue flames entirely engulfing his body, raging and crackling high into the orange-red sky. 
“—and the thing forever denied you now: the Holy Spirit!”
Maggie, numb from horror, came staggeringly to her feet as the intense heat of the flames washed over her and as the Spanish Inquisitor stepped away from his handiwork, raising and opening his arms and ecstatically throwing his head back to the sky. A tremendous earthquake shook the ground at that moment, and before she reeled backward, stumbling, her head crashing down hard on a thick slab of rubble and knocking her unconscious, she could swear that the entire world around her was blowing away like iron filings in a high wind—iron filings mixed with dust and garbage and death, polluted, filthy, impure.
 —Blackness.—
~~*~~
She came to with a start, stood too quickly, and fell back hard on her butt, her head and stomach swimming. Tried again. The ground beneath her lurched, impacted something, and she fell again. She scrambled frantically to her feet, groping about in the darkness for support. As her aching head cleared she realized she was no longer in the broken rubble of a tremendous cathedral surrounded by zombies and a lunatic Inquisitor—her friend—as he ritualistically tortured Necrolius’ first. She was back in Trajan’s quarters, on board the Gyssian flagship.
Another lurch, another impact. The muffled sounds of wood grinding on wood; the sharp cry of metal twisting, fatiguing, snapping.
Her eyes adjusted slowly to the deep gloom, her legs like limp noodles, the muscles in her stomach cramped and aching. She gingerly rubbed the back of her neck, looked around.
The Dreamcatcher was gone. Luis was gone. Riparius—was gone.
But Prince Trajan Chaundran was not. Still bound by Unsolvable sinews, his now-pupilless eyes stared unblinkingly upward, vacant, cold, changed to the same deathly blue hue as the flames that had consumed him. His skin was warped and blistered, his mouth drooling and open, purple and split. He rasped wildly for air as the ship lurched again.
Luis had wrecked his soul. Had befouled it. Had mutilated it beyond recognition. All to torture him forever. Maggie had watched him do it. She felt the urge to vomit again overwhelm her senses; she fiercely fought it off, turning away and rushing for the door. Nothing resisted her this time, nothing repelled her, nothing pushed her back. She passed through it, feeling the fibrous wood against her spirit—and tripped over something large. She fell hard on her stomach, her wrists flashing agony beneath her. Crying, she came instantly to her feet  and glanced down. She’d tripped over a body. The dead-staring Tracluse lay sprawled on his back at her feet, a dagger hilt-deep in his neck. Maggie turned away, shuddering, and continued up the passageway, stumbling over demons and Tracluse, all dead. The entire ship, dead.
All except the only human being Emperor Necrolius Anaxagorius had ever loved.
But Maggie had no doubt who had suffered the worst possible fate this evening.
Odd sunlight. It came brightly and heavily red-tinted down the stairwell, illuminating her path forward. It was morning—surely the day of the battle. She picked her way around the gruesome corpses and rushed to the top of the stairs, stepping over more bodies. Men were shouting in the distance; she gained the landing with some effort, trying to hear what they were saying just as a crippling chill swept through her and another jarring impact sent her slamming into the wall to her left. She righted herself, stopped walking, and hunched over against the deep, vicious cold. It seemed entirely unlikely that mornings on Aquanus would dawn below—way below—freezing, as this had to be.
And then it came to her with a stomach-dropping shock that the morning air wasn’t this cold. She had felt this exact same deathly chill as she watched Espriella die.
He was coming.
The promptings had returned. This one rang like a church bell, terrifyingly clear, a direct and dire warning:
GET OFF THE SHIP! GET OFF THE SHIP NOW!
Panicked, she shrieked, “I wish to be back on the Nicomacus! I wish to be back on the Nicomacus!”
She lifted feebly off the top deck like an old helium balloon too deflated to float. Settled weakly back.
She couldn’t leave! She couldn’t leave!
And he was coming!
She hurried towards the bow. The prince’s flagship was grinding against another, smaller warship, its great jibboom shattered, its vast sails unmoored and snapping in the sky, the captain’s wheel unmanned and spinning wildly. Men and demons were shouting from that ship and flashing off to board this one. Gyssian corpses lay everywhere before her, or hung from beams above her, swaying and creaking with the motion of the sea and the random crunching impacts, or were piled on one another, knives and swords and arrows sticking out of them, pools of green and red blood everywhere. She stepped around the bodies, over them, between them, trying to avoid stepping in the gore but finding it impossible, rushing as fast as she could. She had to get off. She had to get off now! NOW!
Swirling motion above her.
She glanced up ... and up ... and up ...
The Omem’s blood veil was much, much closer, probably less than twenty miles away. Directly above, descending straight for her out of the blue sky, came a black streak of motion. It touched down on deck ten feet in front of her with a rumble like a mountainous avalanche of corpses bearing down on her, gathering, substantiating ...
The Black Coffin himself stood directly in her path, the fathomless cowl pointed right at her as though he could see her. His arms raised and spread wide, his green hands aiming her way, those long, thin, evil fingers straightening ...
The single second it took for her to gather her rapidly dissolving wits sank its sharpened nails into her windpipe, cutting off her voice. But then the second was gone, and with caustic relief she screamed: “I WISH TO RETURN TO THE V-NICOMACUS RIGHT NOW!”
She watched, helplessly petrified, as Necrolius floated straight towards her. But then, just as he was almost on top of her, she was suddenly enveloped by some sort of whitish-bluish light that wrapped around her, intensifying by the second ...
She clenched her eyes shut as she felt her feet lift off the deck of the Gyssian flagship just as the emperor’s church choir-like Voice blasted through her brain:
—MY CHILDREN WILL BIND THEMSELVES IN THE BELLIES OF THE BEASTS.—
The bright light dissipated an instant later, sparkling out of existence. Maggie blinked her teary eyes open, fighting acute vertigo as it came clear to her that she was back on the V-Nicomacus, on its top deck, safe. Red light flooded completely over her, casting the vessel into hellish relief. She looked up.
The Omem’s blood veil rose just a mile or so behind her—behind the ship itself—tens of thousands of feet tall. It seemed to flow, seemed to be alive, like a gargantuan waterfall, with long, languid fingers of gore falling slowly into the sea, coloring it a shimmering pinkish-red. Where the veil touched the water an extended, brilliant line of continuous aecxes sparkled like a long line of diamonds under bright lights, running the entire ten or twenty mile length of the curtain. Maggie’s mind still rang with Necrolius’ order to his “children”—but who were his children? What did his order mean?
Her attention was jerked into the present moment with a loud bark right next to her, the voice belonging to someone she’d heard before:
Malesherbes Quartermane.
“Come around to two-one-five mark nine-nine, all weapons on full standby! Signal the Empiricus that we’re in position. Resignal the Southern Contingent not to sail more than two misons from Infinitus—that is, if they want to live another day. Remember our objective: to defend Ae Infinitus. Captain Osenello, the Nico is yours. May the spirits of the Great Piers guide your way!”
“Where away, Commander?”
Maggie looked. It was the first time she had gotten more than a passing glimpse at Conor Kieran’s mentor’s face. It was like looking into the face of determination itself wrought into human features. The gray-blue eyes of the Supreme Commander of Conor’s utterly inadequate armada replied:
“Where to? Ha! To gut Gyssians of course!”
The entire command ship came alive, roaring. Captain Osenello slapped Quartermane’s back as the Commander flashed, becoming a golden eagle, winging out over the Omem-bloodied sea. The crew was still yelling when a brilliant flash and jarring crack of thunder caught Maggie’s attention, caught their attention. She looked over the water.
Out of the distant haze beyond the islands that on Earth were known as the Coronados rose the massive sails of the Gyssians, the broadsword thrust down through a flaming ring repeating and repeating and repeating and repeating, close together and billowing, north to south, for as far as she could see. The sky out there, quite unexpectedly, was completely clear of demons and Tracluse and Saeire Insu: no angrily swarming patrols squaring off, no sun-blotting, circling, misshapen malice bearing down on the fleet. Only low, lazily drifting, puffy-white clouds which sparkled brightly and vanished from existence once they breezed overhead and into the blood veil. Maggie thought this was the origin of the flash, but it wasn’t. The flash and the thunder came again, well away from the gore curtain and towards the evil marauders, a good mile or more directly above Ae Infinitus.
The Saeire Insu went into a wild frenzy. They yelled and pumped their fists into the air, waving their swords and lances and bows towards the source of the light.
“It’s the king! The king! It’s the sign he told us to look for! It’s him—look!”
The light dimmed for a moment, then brightened into a blinding and sustained supernova with towering radial shafts of yellow-white light. It held, then changed colors abruptly, turning green and blue, forming a mighty V with a cross overlay. The flag of Vanerrincourt! As the thunder of that flag cracked across the armada, the light changed to a flag featuring an albatross over a red coat-of-arms, flashing magnificently; then another deafening crack and it was shiny silver swords crossed beneath a white dove; then twin gleaming-green dragons curling over Ammalinaeus; then gold lances over four blue crescent moons; then sea horses with ruby eyes on each side of a scarlet-and-gold crown; then green-blue palm leaves against the broad banded rings of Ammalinaeus; then what looked like a Keeper surrounding a series of differently sized stars arranged in an arc; then what looked like spires bordering concentric golden rings; then a dolphin and a whale swimming through the vinelike stem of a beautiful white rose. With each thundering change, the boats shouted and stomped riotously. The Mathematician who had led them here to the edge of the world was presenting the flags of the ten nations of the mutineers who had come with him. With a great, crackling, booming display of circular lightning, the final flag emerged: a brown-and-white seahawk with a bloody talon swooping down on King Ammalinaeus himself. The flag of these ten nations united, the Saeire Insu: The Ten Fingers of Insurrection. With this last came the loudest ovation of all. There was no way the Gyssians had missed the lightning show.
Maggie stood awed and calmed at the same time. She was afraid to move, afraid that doing so would release the vision before her and the jaw-dropping amazement coursing through her.
“Look!” yelled a warrior next to her. “Look!”
She looked away, looked back. As she did, something astonishing happened. The Saeire Insu flag faded, and as it did she could see the Red Talon himself as though just thirty feet above her, sitting on the back of his proud sea horse Ion. His crimson cape blew back against the steed’s beautiful fan just behind him, the lizard and the snake of the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm glowing brightly on his shoulders. The armada must have seen the same thing, because they were going crazy. When she looked away, the vision was replaced with the shafts of interlacing lightning creating the Saeire Insu flag. She returned her focus and fixed her gaze upon Conor, the horrors of the previous night reluctantly dissolving away with the sights and emotions pouring down like a heavenly cloudburst on her now.
The king spoke—she saw his mouth move—and his Irish Voice powered through her spirit:
—Well, look at them. Fifty-five days on the open sea, fifty-five days of chasing us—and what do they have to show for it? Their sails are as limp as a dead man’s flute!—
The Nicomacus’ crew laughed and yelled and stomped. Maggie tore her eyes from the king, looking out at the other ships of his fleet. The warriors out there were shouting as well. Despite their considerable distance, she swore she could hear them, could feel their pride, their ferocity, their fear, their anticipation. These feelings stole over her more and more, pulling her into their swirling, mixing, irresistible current. The monarch holding fast above his navy had their complete attention; she knew that the approaching Gyssians were watching (and listening), too. She looked back up at the king, felt that current pull her away from the shores of restraint, felt the vision of him swell her heart.
His Voice roared,  —Look at them, and have no fear! The Gyssian boil is huge, but the Saeire Insu lance is sharp. And we shall lance that boil, yes we shall! We shall send them and their little shadowy emperor back to Hell, where they can swell and pus on the Devil’s own arse!—
The Saeire Insu raised their voices to such a frightful level that Maggie thought she would go deaf. But it didn’t matter to her now, because, against everything she had been through to this point, and against the terrible visions of just a few hours ago, she too was pumping her own fists in the air and stomping and yelling. For one last moment she disconnectedly thought of Trajan Chaundran, then of Father Luis—of Riparius—and wondered where her frightening friend was, if he had made it safely back to the fleet. The inhuman torture she had witnessed last night by his hand was completely subsumed by the torrent of zeal exuding from the warriors, as though Conor’s indomitable will had smashed the horrific visions beneath his heel, to be swept forgetfully up later—after the battle. Now wasn’t the time to consider them, which she knew she would have to. Now was the time to fight. To survive.
The yelling had scarcely subsided a single decibel when Conor’s Voice sounded again in her soul:
—Do not fear the veil of blood: sail through it! It is Omem blood—the blood of a great Keeper itself! Any Mephastophian that touches it this day shall catch fire and perish, and will start a chain reaction that will burn all its evil brethren to ashes! They hide, bound and helpless, so as not to see it or what shall become of it! They hide like cowards! Cowards! So sail through the veil—it will touch or affect nothing else—for in a moment it shall become something no ‘child’ of Necrolius can resist! Then turn your swords and cannons and arrows on the Tracluse and destroy them all, for that is all our fine emperor has left to fight with!—
This surprising news seemed to embolden the warriors tenfold, who now, as one, started shouting one word in reply:
“SATELEMARK!”
Conor Kieran, becoming somber and quiet, continued.
—Remember your homes this day, for they have been burned to the ground. Remember the seas you once sailed—for they are now poisoned and barren. Remember the days of peace, the days of sunshine, the days of gentle rain, and the days of worship—for they have been spoilt and outlawed. Remember this day your loved ones, those you left behind, for they are likely dead—or worse. And remember those among us, your compatriots, who gave their lives on the voyage here, for … for they ...—
He paused. Maggie watched him swallow hard, blink rapidly, his eyes glistening.
—... for they shall be remembered ... remembered as ... friends ... and more ... as heroes....—
“SATELEMARK!”
The word echoed against the distant cliffs of the peninsula, against the hulls of the warships, against the Great Arch above and into the frightful sails of the Gyssians, whose ships loomed larger and larger out of the haze. It echoed and returned as power personified, to rouse every warrior to give his all—or to die trying.
—You are fighting for them—for all of them,— said their king. —We are ten nations—the last ten nations of Aquanus. We have called ourselves the Saeire Insu: ‘The Ten Fingers of Insurrection.’— He took a visibly deep breath, and then he thundered, shaking his fist: —But today I say we are the Saeire BAER— —
An awe-inspiring, ear-splitting, unified cry rolled across the entire armada that moment, across the sea, through the hearts and souls of all ten nations and the fighters standing in defense of each: a cry of fearsome pride and devastating wrath, a cry that flattened the blood-soaked sea and crushed the jutting black cliffs, a cry that shot through the vast silver-green archway overhead and into eternal space, waking the dragon mother Satelemark herself.
The king finished:
—‘THE TEN FINGERS OF DEATH’!—
And with that the Red Talon turned Ion, releasing the reins and raising his hands, pointing his fingers at the towering blood veil. Intense white lightning shot forth from them, striking the blood an instant later; and as the warriors shouted “SATELEMARK! SATELEMARK! SATELEMARK!”, raising their weapons and stomping their feet, and as the thunder from the aecxal lighting crashed down on their heads, the veil caught fire with a deafening, roaring WHOOOOOOOOOSH!, engulfing the entire shroud, the spectral flames thousands of feet high, like side-to-side glowing waterfalls falling up not down, flames that flowed towards the top miles and miles above.
Maggie’s solar plexus reverberated—thump!thump!thump! Cannonfire! Necrolius’ mighty navy had been engaged in battle. She craned out to see what was happening, but a powerful prompting called to her—
Follow the king.
She glanced up. The magnificent vision of Conor Kieran and the Saeire Insu flag had faded away, replaced by a sparkling comet’s tail of bright aecxes as Ion streaked far overhead towards the Coronados Islands to the south.
As badly as she wanted to stay with the crew of the Nicomacus, she immediately thought: I wish to follow the king. 
She had learned her lesson. She would never ignore or cut off those promptings again.
She flew off deck as off an aircraft carrier, accelerating like a fighter jet. She looked right, then back over her shoulder. The Gyssians were here—overwhelmingly here. They rose sluggishly, portentously out of the south sea towards the very islands Conor was heading for; more came straight along Ae Infinitus behind her. Their numbers were daunting, numbing. And in their path was an utterly insufficient smattering of Saeire Insu just minutes away, sailing straight for them—suicidally for them!
Thump! thump!—thump!thump!thump!———BOOOOOOM!
The cannonfire was coming from well behind her, from north of Ae Infinitus. It came in long rolls and short, random staccatos, the entire sea reflecting the dazzling, roaring fire curtain to the left and behind her—a roar that was indistinguishable from the sounds of crashing surf created by a large gale. She said a prayer for the boats she had flown over yesterday, for the men and women aboard them. The battle was being joined there, and it sounded mercilessly fierce.
She watched as Saeire Insu destroyers emerged through the fire wall, unharmed and unchanged in any way, sailing straight for battle. She thought of her hand, of how the Omem blood (the Omem was a Keeper?) had burned it badly. Why didn’t it do the same to Conor’s warriors and materiel? Or were they right now feeling the scalding touch of Omem blood too? She doubted they did, and wondered why she was different.
It occurred to her that moment that the miles-high wall of glowing flame was heatless. It was heatless! The light it cast upon the waters shimmered blindingly, the sun a minor round spot rising above it—but there was no heat at all coming from it! Maggie wanted to think more on this miracle, but the sounds of distant explosions behind her ripped her attention away, brought her to pray impulsively again:
Dear God, protect them! Please—protect them!
She shuddered. The Gyssians would be swarming over them by now in numbers to stagger the mind. Five?—ten?—twenty?—more?—for every single Saeire Insu warrior. Were those explosions from dying Saeire Insu warships? What was happening to the tens of thousands of demons who were told to hide, bound, in the bellies of the Gyssian destroyers? 
More explosions. They concussed the air, sent hollow shocks up her spine. Along with the great fire curtain shooting flames the size of mountain peaks miles into the blue morning sky, it looked and sounded as though the apocalypse had come to Aquanus!
She wasn’t catching up to Ion and the king. He had streaked away at blinding speed, the sparkling contrail of sea horse aecxes raining down in an arcing trail to the westernmost island. To the sounds of utter pandemonium she shot over the long, high ridge of that island and, locating Conor and the sea horse near the edge of a barren, rocky cliff, floated slowly down towards them.



Chapter 41
The Day of Fire and Ice
Conor dismounted as Maggie drifted downward, slowing. He floated out of the saddle, alighting to the ground in front of his fantastic steed. He gathered himself, walking away from Ion, and that’s when Maggie, touching down just behind him, sensed something terribly wrong with him. He didn’t walk, really; he stumbled and tripped, his arms wrapped tightly around his middle, his head down as though in unendurable agony. At the edge of a rocky outcropping he dropped heavily to his knees, his head falling forward to the cold stone, the crimson cape blowing up and over his head, settling on it. The lizard and the snake of the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm were gone.
Maggie rushed to his side. Crouching, she reached for him, then pulled her hand back. Would it be dangerous to touch him?
The King of the Saeire Insu was in dreadful pain. His sides trembled as though from fever, his broad back rigid. It appeared he wasn’t breathing. A single questioning chime from Ion brought her around, but only for a moment. The shaking that gripped Conor seemed to be increasing. Was he injured? Was he sick? Was he—?
And then she knew exactly what was happening to him, and without thinking, without caring about the consequences, she reached to touch him. Hesitated just an inch from him.
The king was being attacked by Necrolius’ Dreamcatchers. They were feeding him images of his beloved Espriella and her grisly execution at the clutching, sucking fingers of the Black Coffin himself. It was a deduction Maggie knew as absolute truth, though she didn’t know how she knew this.
She looked up. The awesome shadow of Necrolius Anaxagorius’ navy was here, just a couple miles away, tops, and getting closer by the second. She knew what she was experiencing was the past, but she wanted to help him anyway!
To hell with it. She touched him—she pressed her palm full against his back—and felt uncontrollable silent sobs, along with the radiating warmth of his body. But more. She sensed a towering wrath so profound it felt like electricity building inside a tremendous thunderstorm, swelling until it could strike with the force to shatter the land beneath. She knew this the same way she had gathered that he was being attacked, from the same absolute source: one that offered no questions, because answers was all it was capable of giving. His anguish held him fast, tied him to the rock, wracked and convulsed him mercilessly.
He finally took a breath. It came after seeming minutes, punctuating the omnipresent surf-roar of the fire wall and the fearsome battle far away, a long nasal intake of grief followed by a long exhalation that blew a thin layer of flinty dust away next to his cape.
Despite everything she had seen and experienced to this point, this sight was the very worst of them all. Not because of Conor’s complete powerlessness in this moment, but because she could feel as she touched him his very humanity slipping away under the massing darkness that was building to unbelievable heights within his spirit.
He took another huge breath, and Maggie heard him cry to the hard, uncaring rock at his chin:
“No ... please ... no.... I love you, Pri ... I love you.... No ... no, no, no ...”
He came up suddenly, still on his knees, his fists clutched tightly to his reddened and wet face. Maggie stood, releasing her touch of him as the distant rumbles and explosions of heavy fighting reverberated over the curtain of burning Omem blood, and over Ion’s renewed chiming, which in itself sounded horribly yearning and heartbroken, minor in tone and filled with sadness, as though it was feeling exactly what its master was feeling.
It was then that she noticed that Conor’s fists were bleeding.
He cried louder, his voice muffled: “No, no, no, no ...”
The blood from his fists sparkled fiercely. And then Maggie realized that it wasn’t blood at all. It was aecxal rage made manifest, made physical, made viscous and rich and liquid. Where those drops rolled off his wrists and struck stone below, the rock boiled and popped and vanished, the aecxes flashing like tiny atomic bombs. It was a rage that Conor was fast losing control of....
“No, no, no, no ...” he bawled into his trembling fists.
He surged to his feet. Tore away his hands.
The thunderstorm had come.
Maggie backed away quick. For Conor’s tear-filled eyes were brightly glowing blue rings—the very same rings she had seen in Melody’s eyes the night she tried to stop her from running away to Yaeko.
“NO, NO, NO, NO, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!”
The Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm flashed into existence like twin stars on his shoulders, the lizard and the snake appearing only for a moment before mutating into brilliant transparent sleeves of lightning that encased the Red Talon’s arms as he thrust them out to his sides, his crimson cape blowing back. He raged at the swarming enemy:
“YOU WANT COLD, YOU SON OF A BITCH? YOU—SON—OF—A—BITCH!”
Roaring like an injured lion, the Mathematician lifted his arms, palms up; and Maggie, looking out towards those doomed warships, shrank inside herself. For within their midst gigantic columns of morning-blue seawater blew skyward from the ocean, rising and turning for a moment an eye-hurting white, dwarfing the Gyssian fleet, rising and rising and rising, the hulking warships within the columns vanishing, the ones next to the columns turning over, capsizing. With the titanic columns’ rise came a very slow rotation by each, almost imperceptible at first, just as the man before her took a deep, anguish-wracked inhalation, then bellowed again, thrusting his arms out once more, raising his palms. New pillars of seawater shot into the sky, higher and higher and higher, to join the first ones, appearing like Greek columns for Zeus himself. Together they began spinning, faster and faster—tornadoes! They were tornadoes! Freakish tornadoes without storm clouds! But these weren’t waterspouts—these tornadoes glowed and gleamed and sparkled with the colors of the great wall of Omem flame. They were tornadoes of ... of ice! Tornadoes of ice!
Conor Kieran held still, his sobs audible over the atmospheric cacophony of the distant battle and the fire wall and now the multiple freight-train rumbles of the many tornadoes he’d created—rumbles quite unlike normal tornadoes (Maggie had seen more than her share, having grown up in Kansas), but much deeper, much more sinister. The twisters were hundreds of feet wide each, the huge Gyssian battleships in their paths simply exploding into powdery puffs of sawdust a split second before disappearing altogether. Two tornadoes merged into one, into a faceless monster thousands of feet wide: it chewed effortlessly through the vast armada of advancing Gyssian malice, its base swaddled in whipping, hissing, blue-white mist. Dozens of ships were caught in that mist, which was rising, sleaving up the spinning column of ice: they looked like tiny toys, or bunches of helium-filled black balloons, each surrounded by ghostly, tiny flashes of white light as thousands of Gyssian soldiers tried in vain to abandon ship, to get away. The spinning monster kept the warships jealously to itself, voraciously consuming random bunches of them, sucking them into its icy body where they vanished, never to be seen again.
Those Gyssians fortunate enough to avoid the twisters weren’t fortunate enough to escape the destroyer-sized ice chunks that rained down on them from the decapitated tops of the tornadoes. The ice rain looked like transparent fire-reflecting umbrellas sheltering their deadly, spinning, growling hosts. The frozen chunks poured down on Necrolius’ invaders like hell’s own hailstorm, sinking them with skying splashes of whitewater.
Lightning. It came in sudden, blinding bars of brilliance when two twisters got too close to one another, the claps of thunder greeting Maggie’s ears seconds later, mixed with Conor’s wracking cries and silencing the fire wall and the rolling, booming staccato of the battle behind her, north of her. She wondered: Where’s Necrolius? Why isn’t he defending his own navy? Why isn’t he confronting Conor right now? (Conor who, paradoxically, was more genuinely helpless in this moment than she’d ever seen him.)
And then it came to her why Necrolius wasn’t defending his own navy. It came to her as before, as absolute truth, as though whatever granted her the power to wish herself anywhere had also granted her access to the very veins of truth present within any reality were she curious enough to seek it. The words of the Spanish Inquisitor came back to her then, words spoken to a helpless—and still coherent—Trajan Chaundran:
“Only you have been loved by that soul-sucking monster, young Trajan. Only you....”
Necrolius, out there somewhere, was with the only person or thing he had ever loved: Prince Trajan Chaundran. He was, in his own perverted, wicked way, trying desperately to save him. A person who was, for all intents and purposes, unsavably worse than dead.
More tornadoes had merged. One was absolutely gargantuan—a mile wide at the base, its billions of house-sized icicles reflecting the multicolored flames of the crackling fire veil behind Maggie as it loomed closer and closer, occluding Ammalinaeus to the south, silencing the warring world completely. It was like looking at the mighty finger of God himself. There were hundreds of helpless ships in its swirling white-on-blue-on-flame-tinted sea mist; they spun slowly about the monster thousands of feet up, each surrounded by scores of miniscule aecxal flashes. But the tornado was far too powerful to escape from, and those flashes disappeared inside it like tiny static sparks into a towering waterfall.
Maggie’s sense of proportion was shot to hell. Awestruck, she could only watch the man before her as he held his arms open wide, his tortured cries drowned out by the fearsome ice tornadoes he’d created. She wanted to touch him again, to comfort him, but felt the absolute certainty that she’d die now if she tried; she knew then that had Necrolius passed through her back on the Gyssian flagship, she’d have died then, too.
(And with Luis apparently AWOL, she thought, she would not be brought back as she had after the Edge storm. The thought gave her pause. The past can kill me, she thought, chilled with the realization of how close death had brushed by her—twice now.)
The fire wall behind her raged as though the entire world had been set aflame; out over the glittering sea rumbled the demonic freight trains of ice tornadoes and the startling, thundering splashes as thousands of tons of ice fell on the fleeing invaders. To the north echoed the spit and cry of a battle where no quarter was asked and none given, where men and women of the Saeire Insu crossed swords with their hated and overwhelming Tracluse enemies. Beyond, in some doomed warship out there, an emperor grieved for the only thing he had ever cared for in life, tried to bring him back from a place where even he couldn’t go. For the soul he had so long cherished was no longer recognizable, lost even to itself.
Still no sign of black-winged demons freed by war or Conor’s torment, freed to fly heedlessly, mindlessly to their own destruction in the glowing fire curtain illuminating the Great Arch high, high above.
Behind her Ion floated and chimed sadly; and it was then that a new prompting told Maggie to leave the king behind and return to the Saeire Insu—to fly into the battle itself.
She came up behind Conor Kieran and knelt on one knee at his side, bowing her head. She didn’t know why she did this; she didn’t know if what she was doing was submitting to his utter majesty in this moment, or to his intense and helpless pain, or to both. His grief held him fast; so too his wrath. She was completely powerless to do anything about any of it, to give him comfort of any kind. She closed her eyes, took a deep, shaking breath, and thought:
I wish to go into the battle.
She opened her eyes as she lifted away from the king, floating over the long ridge of the island, gathering speed quickly as she made her way back towards the Pier to Forever.
As he shrank away from her, she thought:
I will come back to you soon, Your Majesty. I will be with you again soon, ...
But she kept the last two words in her declaration from bubbling to the surface of her consciousness. For those two words frightened her as much as the king’s monumental display of rage.
~~*~~
A tiny, bright cerulean star streaked out of the flame-kissed sky, falling towards the water miles to her left. 
The Omem!
It fell like a dying meteorite over the hundreds of Gyssian boats that had successfully evaded the ice tornadoes, those relatively near the Great Pier itself. There was no blood contrail behind it. Sailing for them was the Saeire Insu’s sparse Southern Contingent. There were too many of the enemy for the Contingent to take on—far too many! The Gyssian warships were fronted by a massive white-and-brown wall of seagulls and pelicans—Tracluse. From here it looked like an undulating layer of pollution tens of feet thick and just over their sails. As the shooting star fell in their midst, several vessels fired at it. The blue heron struck the sea, disappearing in a hazy splash.
Had they killed it?
There was a tremendous subsurface flash of blinding white beneath the Gyssian warships, one that seemed to illuminate the entire world for a moment, and then a huge, snakelike dome of seawater boiled up in their midst, capsizing tens of ships, tossing others like bathtub toys with the resulting monster wave that crested away as the dome settled. And then, there it was. The mighty Keeper.
The sea monster’s enormous soda pop bottle-shaped head rose amongst those who fought on the side of he who had destroyed its brethren, a head the length of two football fields, its long, cablelike “beard” floating up among the warships, clogging their travel. Ships were beached on its head and its back, which had to be at least a couple miles in length, teetering or toppling ridiculously on it, insignificant and pitiful. Its great black eyes burst forth with aecxal light, and Maggie squinted impulsively and looked away. It was like looking at building-sized magnesium torches, too brilliant to gaze at for even a second. The points of the torches swept over the enemy ships, and the ships simply disappeared once touched, the sea boiling and steaming furiously in their absence. Necrolius’ navy fired in circling swarms at the leviathan, increasingly lost in the hot fog, the cannonfire vague against the clap of continuous thunder and violent hiss of bubbling, superheated seawater. But it was a stupid, futile action. The Keeper’s deadly stare was unstoppable.
Maggie soared over Ae Infinitus just as a single column of hundreds of Saeire Insu-mounted sea horses streaked out of the fire veil to her right, flying three across along the Pier towards the wall of seagulls and pelicans, their normally furled tails arrow-straight and trailing aecxes, their chimes anything but sad. The numberless enemy clearly intended to claim the Pier itself, to form a wedge by which they could split the Saeire Insu, then surround them and destroy them. There were still hundreds more enemy warships out there beyond the reach of the Keeper and the ice tornadoes; it seemed impossible that the tornadoes, the Keeper, or the colossal fire wall could stop Necrolius’ navy indefinitely ...
Or Necrolius himself, who, unbelievably, had yet to show.
The sea horses shot into battle. As they did they split into three columns, the left and right ones circling out to prevent the Gyssians from flying around them, the center column forming a phalanx that thrust like a lance deep into the awesome oncoming Gyssian rush. The scene flashed like thousands of camera bulbs going off as Gyssians changed back into humans to take acrobatic swipes at their attackers before flashing back; the Saeire Insu cavalry, armed with long lances, bows and arrows, weapons like darts and throwing stars, and wicked-looking curved and wide-bladed broadswords like scimitars, cut through the enemy advance, their aim uncannily accurate, their numbers grossly deficient. 

The Gyssians seemed unfazed by the Keeper a few miles away, or the tornadoes farther south, or the looming, blazing fire wall. But neither did the Saeire Insu. Their hated enemy was falling like flies into the sea, or bouncing grotesquely onto the Pier, dead, bleeding, broken. As Maggie flew towards the armada engaged in a fearsome struggle nearer to Point Loma, she turned back to see that thousands of Saeire Insu had materialized from behind the veil, were flashing into marching columns onto the Pier to Forever itself, the standards of ten nations unfurled, the warriors united and singing as they went into battle. It was at that moment that she knew with that same crystalline certainty that, like the great dragon mother Satelemark, Conor Kieran’s godlike powers could not last forever, and neither could the Keeper’s; that, in the end, it would come down to the warriors themselves to stop the invaders; that any hope for victory ultimately depended on them. She knew she was flying to whatever scene would provide the answer as to how they had managed it.
As she flew through the first of many roiling banks of acrid black-and-white smoke, the riggings and sails of ships appearing out of their tops like trees wrapped in a volcanic fog, the battle below deafening and riveting, an image struck her, one so powerful it made her forget for a moment where she was and where she was going:
—Long, green, black-veined fingers opened in her mind’s eye, fingers unclenching to reveal the gnarled palm of Necrolius himself ... a palm that held something round and silver: an Emasculatem. The chain was snapped and dangling from the palm’s sides. The man beneath that palm—Prince Trajan Chaundran—rasped frenziedly for air, oblivious, his vacant pupilless eyes belying a face marked by fear and panic, his freed hands anxiously clutching at his master’s dark robes. In the gloom of the very room Maggie once couldn’t escape from lay Dreamcatchers and humans, all dead. Healers. They’d failed him: they couldn’t repair the soul of the man wheezing up at him; nothing could....—
And then Maggie touched the Black Coffin’s wrath. If Conor Kieran’s produced tornadoes, this could produce nothing less than ...
... a hurricane.
Thump! Thump! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM! Thump!—thump! thump! CRASH! Thump!—thump!thump!— thump!thump!
Men and women shouting, seagulls shrieking. The slick, sharp, ringing sounds of metal sliding and colliding against metal. Maggie came to herself.
She flew out of the smoke bank and straight into hell.
A high cry, a startling flap of large wings very close by, and a golden eagle plummeted just past her right shoulder into a whirlpool of seagulls swarming like angry hornets over the deck of a burning Saeire Insu destroyer. The great raptor grabbed one in its talons and tore it in two as though it were made of rice paper. The gulls flashed into human again to take wild swipes at it, but the eagle was uncannily quick. As it streaked towards deck it flashed, the aecxal smoke sparkling away from the emerging figure like burning gas from around a dark star. The Tracluse swarming over the ship shrieked with hatred and dove for the man waiting for them.
Malesherbes Quartermane, his white, blue, and green Vanerrincourtian uniform covered in blood, his hands clutching red-dripping swords, waited until the swarm above and the enemy on the top deck were literally on top of him—a tenth of a second of frozen time—and then he moved.
He moved—and just like that, tens of Gyssians lay at his feet, cut to pieces. Maggie had caught the sudden cloud of his movement, the wicked silver-red sparks of light from his blades, and then—death. Death everywhere. He gave a battle roar, jumping stairs towards more Tracluse, who, screaming in fear, ran for their very lives. The seagulls pursuing him were caught from behind by Saeire Insu, flashes of white and glints of silver steel cutting the birds to shreds.  But the Tracluse were everywhere: it felt, and sounded like, a major avian invasion against the overwhelming crash of war. Hot white smoke spiralled through the din, confusing everything; within it the Supreme Commander shouted to the bloodied helmsman, “Bring her around, nine-three mark two-four! Fire! Fire at that goddamned monster! Aim low! Low! They’re chasing the Pyrrhonians—they think we’re dead! Fire! Fire! We’re almost through!”
The ship came sluggishly, limpingly around, mortally wounded, two of its aft sails burning, whole chunks of its hull missing, dead warriors sprawled everywhere. A great winging vortex of Gyssian evil descended for the ship, but none wanted to engage the man standing at the bow, his swords held out at his sides, the blood dripping off them like rain. Instead they banked widely around him to the stern, where crippled and injured Saeire Insu waited.
The ship thundered with cannonfire, its starboard ports lighting up like Roman candles. Maggie couldn’t see what the warship had aimed at—it was all smoke and chaos! But the explosions that followed were instantaneous, as though whatever those cannonballs had struck was right on top of them.
It was. The Gyssian battlecruiser was at least twice the size of the Saeire Insu ship firing at it. It came out of the burning haze like a charging black mountain bearing down to crush them all. Quartermane boomed, “FIRE! FIRE AGAIN, POINT-BLANK RANGE! FIRE! FIRE!”
He flashed and was off, coming around with a high scream, flashed back at ship’s stern, where Tracluse had overwhelmed the Saeire Insu warriors and were making for the portal leading down to the artillery decks. He emerged from the aecxal strobe at the portal entrance itself, flourishing his weapons in a way that Maggie had seen before: an open invitation to death, one his royal student had employed amid the bloodthirsty rasping of an entire Gyssian legion not so many days before. Quartermane’s gray-blue eyes were cold and infinitely deep, setting off a gruesome blood-spattered grin that curled slowly upward at the encroaching enemy, who outnumbered him at least twenty to one.
“In the next ten seconds,” he growled, “all you dirty sdtonducks are going to die. Who would like to be first?”
The insult had the intended effect, for the Tracluse screeched in fury and attacked just as the crippled Saeire Insu destroyer fired, the top deck rattling and quaking sickeningly. The cannonfire chewed huge explosive chunks of wood from the looming Gyssian warship just as it smashed into the hull and returned fire, sixty of its forward and port cannons angled down towards the deck, right at them. Quartermane flashed away in that exact instant, but the attacking Tracluse weren’t so swift: their own cannons spat orange death straight down on them, blowing them to gory bits, just as a deafening, splitting groan and a baleful explosion sounded from deep within the enemy ship, splitting it in two. The king’s mentor winged around the now-sinking Saeire Insu destroyer, giving a victory cry, and disappeared into the flaming, widening split of the enemy vessel, followed by a flock of ten or more terns and pigeons just as another explosion opened more mortal breaches in its thick hull.
—The long, green, black-veined fingers closed over the snapped Emasculatem, gripping it in fury until the bony, angular fist shook. Necrolius suddenly whipped that fist to his side, releasing the metal, which clanged noisily into an unseen wall. It was time to put an end to all of this. He would prevail. He would prevail! The thousands of trapped souls in him cried in anguish as that fury built, as his plans to secure the Eleysian Teardrop slipped through his fingers like seawater. It was time to destroy the mutineer king, the Gaian child grown to a man and fraudulently given a crown that wasn’t his! Destroy him, and claim the Teardrop, and end everything!—
The vision faded as Maggie, startled, pulled focus just as a huge pair of black wings just overhead blotted out the light for an instant. Demon. Then—another. Then more. They emerged from the sinking Gyssian destroyer, from the widening split now full of flames and rising water, misshapen and hideous, their yellow cat’s eyes cast not on the battle, not on the flames surrounding them, but upward, upward ... to much brighter, much more enticing flames beyond the heavy smoke: flames those eyes seemed quite able to see, vast, miles-high flames that teased the blue skies above and beyond the epic clash surrounding them.
Flames created by the Omem’s burning blood.
Where was Quartermane? Where were those who had followed him into the cracked black hull? How long had that vision claimed her mind? How was it that she was able to see them and know them as absolute truth? A prompting called to her, and she immediately thought:
I wish to go back to Ae Infinitus.
She flew out of the battle and into blazing skies. There were demons up here, dozens of them, all frantically flying for the burning curtain, their cries dreadful, desperate, piercing.
A tremendous black meteorite trailing flame and gray-blue mist arced high overhead, disappearing through the curtain. A second later she felt the explosion as it struck the ground. There were others falling, many others, all from the same staggering source: Conor’s monster ice tornado had passed the islands and was approaching the shore just a mile or so south of the Pier to Forever. Wrapped like an angry god in the flames of the Omem’s veil, it spat mansion-sized ice chunks and the warships it had captured like a gargantuan spinning lawn sprinkler, the ice and the wood smashing into the earth after long, airy falls, the sound like a continuous barrage of howitzers going off all around her.
More lightning. No, not lightning: nothing on earth could produce lightning like that. It exploded in nuclear fury just past the burning Omem blood, so bright it dimmed the flames utterly, leaving smoke ring-like afterimages branded on Maggie’s corneas, its thunderclap hushing the universe. She passed into the curtain, hoping her earlier wish protecting her from its burning touch was still in effect, shuddered in relief to discover it was. She glanced uneasily, flinchingly in the direction of the lightning when she heard multiple, unearthly shrieks of victory. She turned around as another blinding flash lit the skies, dimming the whole of Aqnanus.
The lead demon in a long, curving line of them flew straight into the veil just behind her, its wide wings stretching out in ecstasy in its last second of existence, its muscled black outline silhouetted by a fantastic ring of multicolored flame. It struck and burst into ashes, and with that the curtain started evaporating, the huge flames vanishing like ethereal vapor.
Another burst of primal lightning behind her; another awesome thunderclap. But Maggie wasn’t turned in that direction. She was watching as the entire line of demons exploded in midflight in balls of orange and purple flames, explosions that reached all the way back into the smoke-and-steam-concealed battle. Out there, wrapped in the soot and chaos, Gyssian ships were going up like fireworks, all of them, north to south, the flames muted and high and waving in time like Hades’ own wheat field. The chain reaction had started. In seconds it appeared like a major forest fire seen from five miles away. Quartermane had flown into the split with his commandos and had released the demons. He had shown them the light—the magical flames that burned thousands of feet tall. She wondered if the demons had attacked the commandos on sight, or, released and free to fly, had simply let them live, so compelled were they by the flames. The thought had barely bubbled to the surface of her consciousness when an armored human body fell through her, followed instantly by an entire battleship. The huge vessel, most of it still intact, struck the sea just a hundred feet beneath her, exploding to pieces as the splash of its impact, which burst through Maggie as well, rained in finality back down upon it.
The hailstorm of ice and flesh and wood and metal seemed to intensify as the colossal tornado slammed into the ebony cliffs of the shoreline, sweeping up the still sands of the desert beyond, the rising curls of dirt quickly turning it a sinister black. Gyssian destroyers struck the desert, whistling like tortured ghosts on the way down, a stunning counterharmony to the subsonic fury of the tornado itself. More were crashing into the invisible barrier beneath the Great Arch, were passing through it, but not without lightning—the very lightning that left the blinding smoke-ring afterimages behind. They’d pass through, tossed past the edge of the world itself, floating peacefully, slowly, airlessly downward like weightless wooden feathers and out of sight.
Conor Kieran was on the Pier, walking ahead of the battle raging just a mile or two behind him. He strode up the walkway’s center, Ion floating just off the railing to his right. Maggie landed next to him. She caught more motion to the south—not the tornado. She looked past his shoulder.
A huge black wall raced unnaturally quickly out of the south straight for them. It rolled over the Coronados Islands like a planet-sized steamroller, covering the azure face of the waters with the tar of death and finality. It was Night itself, the negation of all light and life and good.
A hurricane.
Necrolius had finally come.
The Red Talon took no notice of the rampaging wall, in stark contrast to Maggie, who couldn’t seem to tear her gaze from it for more than a few moments at a time. Instead he gazed directly up, watching as a glowing blue heron dove for him. 
The Omem!
The Keeper!
Just as it went to land, it flashed white—a flash not like that of a strobe light, but of a sustained intensity like a dazzling star. The light held and held as the hurricane front barreled into the tornado and blew it apart. The bright aecxal star next to Conor faded a moment later.
The figure that emerged was an Asian man, short, stocky, and bald, with a long, white, braided beard and pupilless black eyes. His midsection glowed a deep, brilliant cerulean hue. 
It was the man she saw standing at Yaeko’s bedside!
The Omem! 
The Keeper!
The black wall was upon them. It roared over the Pier to Forever in apocalyptic fury, the rain-soaked winds lifting Maggie helplessly off her feet before she could voice a wish to protect herself. She screamed, terrified, flying into the air and over the railing, falling seconds later into the sea.



Chapter 42
The Tangent
She came to in cold, tossing water, sputtering and choking, her head throbbing, her invisible left arm hooked limply over a floating chunk of wood—surely a piece of demolished Gyssian warship. She didn’t mull the notion, didn’t have time. The waves crashing down on her, and the wind, and the stinging salt mist driving straight into her face had her complete attention. She’d been knocked unconscious, and yet somehow hadn’t drowned when Necrolius’ evil tempest dumped her into the sea.
Then she remembered. She’d flown over the edge of Ae Infinitus into the water, where she grabbed the wood she hung onto now. But then a wave rolled over her, one carrying more of that debris, and something had knocked her hard on her skull, and she’d blacked out. How long had she been unconscious? But the question barely registered with her; the fearful storm was tossing her to and fro mercilessly, giant waves rolling over her, submerging her. She came up from another one, coughing out seawater. She squinted into the storm. It was dark as night, the wind a lonesome monotone shriek. Another wave. Something slammed into her knee, something like jagged rock, and she yelped in pain. Then it occurred to her: When she fell into the sea she was very close to the cliffs! She had to get out! She had to get out before she was crushed against them!
She realized in that instant she could do just that, and very easily. She yelled, her voice lost in the gale, “I wish to leave the water!”
She floated up and out of the sea just as her left elbow—the one hooked over the log—flared with searing pain. Broken. The wind grabbed her just as another great wave crested two inches beneath her feet, and she flew off like a hollow twig into the black sky, flipping over herself, twisting and thrashing wildly about. She clutched her injured arm protectively, crying for Luis to pull her out of this nightmare, knowing he couldn’t, that she was alone. The pain in her elbow consumed her attention, so much so she could barely utter her next wish:
“I wish to be unaffected by the hurricane!”
She immediately stopped moving, coming to rest upright (or what she thought was upright), the wind and rain howling around her harmlessly. Sudden discharges of lightning all around her left her cowering convulsively and repeatedly covering her eyes with her good arm. “I wish my arm to heal completely!” she cried out against its incessant throbbing.
The warmth that flooded through it felt so good that tears welled up in her eyes, her lungs releasing her body’s fear-fed tension in melting stages. She felt her arm straighten, the bone coming back together, the flesh smoothing over. (Had the bone broken the skin?) She released her protective grip on it, felt the warmth radiate into her shoulder, then into her neck, where it stayed a long time. A furious itch developed in her elbow; she scratched mindlessly at it. Shivering like a wet puppy, she wished for dryness, received it (it suddenly felt as though she had been placed under a huge, warm blow dryer), her mind clearing, her thoughts refocusing and recollecting with some semblance of order, increasingly leeched of the panic and shock that had dyed them since she came to.
More lightning. It streaked overhead just as another mighty wave rolled under her, slamming with an explosive roar into the black cliff face just ten or twenty yards in front of her, the backsplash and mist raining in gusting sheets harmlessly past. She heaved a great sigh of relief. She’d come that close to being smashed into the cliffs, and knew that if she had, she’d have died just as surely as she would have had she touched Conor in his grief-stricken rage, or if Necrolius had passed through her after materializing on the top deck of Trajan’s doomed flagship.
Another burst of lightning. A weird burst, way above. Purplish. Otherworldly. Maggie realized then that these weird flashes had been happening almost continuously, blended in with the normal white zigzags of regular lightning. She looked up into the blackness, waited. Yep. They were way up there, above the storm, but so bright and powerful that even Necrolius’ freak hurricane couldn’t blot them out completely.
She thought: I wish to go back to Ae Infinitus, to where I was before I was blown off it.
She flew into the storm, into the deafening wind (she wished the noise of it away shortly after), back towards the spot on the Great Pier where the hurricane had barreled into her. She thought: Is the battle over? What happened to the fleet? Are they still fighting the Gyssians—in this? The thought was horrifying. How could they possibly fight in this? She waited for the sense of absolute certainty to come, the same one that had told her what was happening to the king, and to Necrolius, but nothing availed itself to her.
The Pier to Forever rose hugely, darkly up out of the gale beneath her feet a minute later, its wide walkway under water, it’s length appearing like a torrential foaming river in flood. She stopped herself, still floating well above it, looked up again. The purple lightning illuminated the ceiling with dim, broad bars like neon lights seen through a blowing midnight fog. It then dawned on her what had happened, what that purple lightning signified.
Conor and the Keeper had crossed the Tangent for Earth!
Beating the prompting before it came to her, she blurted out: “I wish to rejoin the king and the Keeper!”
She rocketed forward, the wind and rain pushing around her as though she were behind a windshield in a car. She passed through something thick and spongy, the air pressure increasing rapidly, then suddenly releasing, making her ears pop. The light suddenly went from night to a cruel, turbulent gray. 
She was through the Tangent.
She was home.
~~*~~
She gazed down on the Imperial Beach Pier as it appeared in January of 1983. Mammoth silver-white waves pounded the structure, as big as those on Aquanus. Lightning boomed overhead in a continuous incandescent ring, casting the violent leaden waters below into fluorescent relief. 
Necrolius’ evil hurricane was somehow straddling the Tangent, which was still open!
Parts of the Pier had collapsed into the ocean, the beach completely submerged under the storm surge, the homes lining the beach’s edge inundated with debris-clogged water. In 1983, Maggie Singleton, aged twenty-six, was still traveling the world, was living abroad in England. In London she would open the newspaper to read breathless reports of a freak hurricane that had materialized seemingly out of the thin air just south of San Diego—the first hurricane to strike the California coast since 1858. She was now experiencing that very storm!
She curved left, moving swiftly down Seacoast Drive, which was a swirling, wave-fed river running parallel to the flooded shore. Garbage flew everywhere: signs and strips of metal, roofing tiles and clothing, umbrellas and beach towels.
She soared over the end of Palm Avenue, circling in the rain, slowing and dropping towards the back banister staircase that led to the second floor above Ye Scurvy Dog. She settled on the landing, looked anxiously around. The storm surge was a good six feet deep, appearing in sudden, frightening breaks of churning water beneath her feet, the jetty just twenty or so yards past the bar consuming most of the energy of the storm waves before they overwhelmed the small sea wall at the jetty’s head. The banister was dangerously loose; another surge or two and it would surely break free of the building and collapse into the water.
Conor and the Keeper ... were here? At a bar? She turned full to walk through the second-floor door, the brief image of the King of the Saeire Insu and the glowing Keeper blowing the suds off a couple of hard-earned brews passing humorlessly through her mind. 
Another prompting—a chilling warning:
There is enormous danger here. Be very, very careful.
Maggie held still for a moment, considered not going in at all. She had ignored the promptings warning her away from witnessing the goings-on in Trajan’s quarters, and knew she would regret that decision for the rest of her life. But this prompting did not have the same feel as that one: it wasn’t a directive to leave, but to watch herself, to take great care.
Another surge rushed beneath her, the whistling wind full of driving mist and salty horizontal rain. The staircase gave an agonized creak, shaking mortally, and Maggie, with nervous caution, walked through the door, feeling the particle board pass grittily through her spirit. She emerged in a small, darkened kitchen, one dreadfully frozen, so cold that she wrapped her arms about herself, bending convulsively over against it. The Black Coffin was here, too. She came slowly upright, casting uneasily about for any sign of him.
She thought: I wish to be protected from harm by anything or anyone here.
A small hallway led from the kitchen to a darkened back bedroom; in the middle of the hallway, on the right, was another entryway. From this one came an otherworldly blue glow. She swallowed back her fear and walked towards it. Peered furtively around the corner.
The Keeper stood just ten feet away in a very sparsely furnished living room, facing forward, his arms by his sides, his pupilless black eyes inscrutable. The Eleysian Teardrop was somehow contained within him, its heavenly blue radiance steady and bright. Maggie came fully into the freezing room, looked in the same direction that the stocky, bald Asian man was.
Necrolius Anaxagorius floated blackly at the back wall, just left of a large, curtained picture window, his cloaked form forbidding, the lightless, faceless cowl pointed right at Conor’s mysterious ally. Maggie clutched at the doorjamb with her left hand, her back flush against the wall, ready to run, to get away the first moment the Emperor of the Gyss came too close. Biting chills like electric shocks ran down her spine. But the Keeper seemed completely unfazed by the cold as still and deep as that in an ice box, his breath appearing in regular puffs of fog from his nostrils.
Necrolius spoke over the barely muted roar of his hurricane, a multitude of voices issuing forth as one.
“I must applaud the leader of that mutinous fleet,” he said, “for his inventiveness, his guile—and his cruelty. He has been so very cruel ... and to one of his own family, no less! An admittedly surprising strategy. And yet, sadly, it was not enough.”
A pause.
“You are trapped, Keeper, and you know that I can destroy you. All of your kind are dead. You are the last. It would be a pity to completely extinguish your race from existence, wouldn’t you agree? Surely you have a purpose beyond taking up huge amounts of space ...”
But the Keeper did not respond, did not budge an inch. He stared at Necrolius impudently, coldly, expressionlessly. The emperor said:
“The Samanlainen was human when he perished—I can feel it. Give his soul to me! Give it to me—now!”
He floated towards the Keeper, his arms stretching wide, his thin fingers lengthening ...
The bright blue light in the Keeper’s midsection suddenly blazed blindingly to life, warding the Black Coffin off, who raised his arms protectively over his cowl. The evil church choir cried and screamed in frustration.
It was then that Maggie saw the genius in Conor’s plan. In Eleysius’ decision to be human when he died. Killing the Keeper would require enormous amounts of aecxal energy, and might just kill the Teardrop as well. Necrolius couldn’t be sure. The Samanlainen’s decision to be human at the end of his life was an irresistible lure to the Black Coffin, whose craving for such a powerful—and now human—soul could not be denied. Now that soul was here, just fifteen feet away from him—and he could not approach it. Maggie remembered Eleysius’ words to Conor in the Temple Kentein Intersectum: only a child could give Necrolius the Teardrop, and then only in an act of free will. Necrolius hadn’t figured this out. He’d been lured into a trap—and had taken the bait.
The Emperor of the Gyss whipped his arms to his sides, red sparks flying out his fingertips. He raged:
“Give me the Samanlainen’s soul now! NOW, I tell you! Do it NOW—”
“Or you’ll do what?” came a deep, angry, Irish voice from directly behind Maggie. She jerked her chin left, watched as Conor Kieran strode into the Teardrop-illuminated living room, the lizard and the snake shimmering like potent ghosts on his shoulders. She stepped quickly away from him as he passed. She could sense the same deadly anger coursing through him that had on the island. Anger so potent it could kill her.
Necrolius instantly attacked. Red-laced lightning bolted forth from his outstretched fingertips, streaking towards both Conor and the Keeper. But Conor was inhumanly quick: the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm sparked into gleaming swords that intercepted both deadly bolts as he stepped in front of the Keeper, shielding him. The lightning crackled and disappeared inside the fantastic blades as the king held steady, gritting his teeth, his knees bent in a fighting stance, his broad body surrounded by an evil halo of red-tinted light.
“Outside, Keeper!” ordered the king over the deafening thunderclap. “Go now—NOW!”
The Keeper did as told, turning and walking past Maggie like a robot through the doorway and into the kitchen to the back door beyond. Over the attack she could hear the door slam open and felt the sudden blast of wet wind as it rushed into the small apartment—and then: a huge, white, sustained flash of light, as though someone had dropped a nuke into the sink.
Conor held against the malevolent lightning for seeming minutes, until suddenly it sparked out of existence, leaving Maggie half blinded with vivid orange-white afterimages. She blinked heavily, her ears ringing.
The king slowly lowered the swords to his sides, a smile of furious contempt forming on his lips. “Depleted, are ye? Keeping tens of thousands of demons subdued must have taken real concentration. They’re all dead now—good work. And this bollocks storm ... eh? And then crossing the Tangent where ye don’t belong ...”
In rising waves of sound the multitude within the black cowl wailed “DIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIE!” and the lightning struck at Conor again, but again the king was up to the emperor’s incredible power, the swords crossing defensively before him, the red bolts pulled to them, to where they met. Conor held against the onslaught as against a tremendous dam threatening to burst, pressing forward, his face mirroring the immense effort it took to withstand Necrolius’ assault. But again the lightning sparked and died, this time more quickly, and again the king lowered the swords, which seemed utterly unfazed by the attacks, glinting unnaturally in the sudden gloom of the room. Earthly lightning flickered without, illuminating the Black Coffin’s lightless, floating silhouette, and threading through Conor’s vivid green eyes, who growled, “My turn.”
The emperor tried firing again as Conor stepped boldly towards him, but nothing but weak red sparks flew from his extended fingers. The swords the king grasped disappeared at the exact moment he swung a haymaker at Necrolius Anaxagorius’ hidden chin. His fist crashed into the cowl, and the Gyssian ruler flew backward into the wall just next to the picture window, crashing with a bone-crunching thud and collapsing at his feet.
The king brought his brown boot down hard on the Necrolius’ exposed neck. The emperor made a pathetic choking sound and grabbed fruitlessly at Conor’s leg, his dark cowl falling back, revealing his face, one that repulsed Maggie: misshapen, black-on-green, the eyes bottomless slits, the nose a hooked beak, no hair on his head, the ears small and flat. The Red Talon spoke through gritted teeth, pointing down at him, his right index finger extended stiffly. Tiny twin stars spun faster and faster about it.
“Suck on this—”
And what came out of that finger was Conor’s answer to the murder of his beloved Espriella, and to the murder of his grandfather, Exeter Chaundran, the king, and to the invasion of Vanerrincourt, and to the certain slaughter of hundreds of thousands of his countrymen and anonymous, voiceless millions beyond Vanerrincourtian shores; what came out of that finger was the justice sought by tens of faceless nations, all now subjugated and defenseless, their cities burning, their people enslaved; what came out of that finger was for the many warriors who had died serving him, who had died proudly, who fell to the demons and the Tracluse, who had left their lands behind, to be labeled by those lands as mutineers and traitors: those who chose instead to fight back, to stand against oppression, against this oppressor, this contemptible, loathsome, consuming, soul-sucking monster. What came out of Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus the First’s finger was called up from a soul genuine and deep and powerful, a soul living and breathing and creating, from the union of the Seen and the Unseen, from the towering and righteous Cathedral in his very center. There was no one else on Aquanus strong enough to offer it. It had to come from him. And it did.
The bolt that issued from Conor’s index finger, shooting directly into the face of the Black Coffin, would have blinded Maggie, would have exploded her eardrums, had she not wished earlier for protection. As it was, the power of the lightning shook the entire building and shattered the apartment’s windows all at once with its ferocity, the light pure and true and white, a ramrod of fury like one of Satelemark’s own talons given to the Mathematician, who wielded it indomitably in defense of all she believed and held true. The aecxal bolt tore into Necrolius’ face, and the emperor soundlessly shrieked, thrashing under Conor’s steady boot, clutching at his leg, trying futiley to escape. Disgusting black tentacles sprouted forth from all over the dark cloak, sought for Conor’s leg, sought for anything to grab, but they couldn’t seem to hold on to anything for long, turning into smoke and disappearing seconds later. They sprouted forth again, then again, the hated Mathematician twisting and writhing and dying, the man standing rock-solid above him leaning into the light he was using to destroy him. The hurricane blowing through the windows was silenced utterly, the storm outside nothing compared to the raging tempest within the spirit of Conor Kieran himself, the absolute sum of that tempest’s energy focused entirely on the destruction of the unbeing under his crushing heel.
The icy chill of death suddenly seeped into Maggie’s body. Glancing down, she stared, horrified, as a tentacle wound grotesquely up an invisible pole directly beneath her, tightening and lengthening. It was her right leg! Necrolius had somehow found her! He was killing her! She went to scream, but then the tentacle suddenly withered, loosening, before dissolving into black smoke and disappearing. She looked up.
Laughter. Joy. Both were barely discernible, but she could hear one and sense the other anyway. It was the laughter of people. And the joy ... it blew past her in random happy bursts, like butterflies released from a cage, or ...
Souls! They were souls! Souls released from the unspeakable prison of Necrolius’ fathomless, pitiless, infernal unexistence, released to open and glorious eternity. Conor was winning! He was killing the Emperor of the Gyss!
It was that exact moment that, in what seemed to be a final, desperate gesture of survival, Necrolius released his grip of Conor’s leg and motioned at the broken picture window, as if calling something to him.
The freak storm wave crashed into the building the very next second, gray water blasting through the tattered and flying curtains with the intensity of a fire hose, knocking the king completely off his feet and away from his hated enemy. The entire edifice shook, the room falling into darkness.
Conor came to his feet instantly in two feet of standing water, dripping head to toe, having been bowled across the room, but too late: with a blinding red flash the Black Coffin was through the window and gone. Conor bellowed in fury and followed, flashing white into a seahawk as he dove through the window and into the shrieking wind and rain.
Maggie didn’t wait for the prompting; she thought: I wish to follow the king.
She accelerated after him through the shattered window and into the storm, doubling back as she soared over the roof of the bar. The Keeper suddenly appeared overheard, a great blue heron once more, its midsection brightly glowing, making its way east, away from the ocean. Beneath it all, sitting in a gutter in the flooded street, a tattooed and emaciated woman stared up in disbelief, a bent, waterlogged cigarette dangling between her thin lips, her thin blond hair plastered against her craggy, mascara-streaked face.
~~*~~
Maggie caught up to Conor the seahawk seconds later. He was being thrown helplessly about in the storm, unable to fly, unable even to control his motions. He issued a frustrated cry, then another.
Ion breezed past her a moment later, seeking its master, chiming in response. The seahawk managed to right himself just as the beautiful, semi-translucent steed passed beneath, and in a flash Conor the human was astride it, the winds and rain now harmless to him. He grabbed the reins and, gritting his teeth, yelled, “YAAAAAH!” and pulled the sea horse around in a hard curve that left bright sparkles of descending aecxes to mix with the driving, wind-whipped rain. Maggie floated just over him as Ion accelerated like a rocket, gaining altitude very quickly as it flew back towards the doomed Pier.
The lightning storm ahead was impressive, a tremendous ring of dazzling, crackling light that flared in intensity as the king flew out over the roiling, angry water.
The ring was closing.
The Imperial Beach Pier was gone. Splintered house-sized chunks of wood that once made up its superstructure floated everywhere, the foaming white waves submerging them as if trying to vanish them from existence forever.
Beyond, maybe a half mile ahead and making desperately for the lightning ring, a tiny black object trailing dim smoke appeared from the swirling mists and low clouds blowing shoreward. Necrolius.
Conor urged Ion forward, and the sea horse responded with a proud chime, eager to serve its master. The lightning ring was closing fast now ... it would be very close ...
Necrolius disappeared through it five seconds before the king did. By then it was condensing viciously, the crackle ear-splitting, the light everywhere, the air smelling richly of ozone and brine. Conor made it just before it collapsed totally. The light changed suddenly, as did the air pressure. The sudden skies of Aquanus were brighter, the terrible storm in this reality already dissipating. A rainy fog wrapped around him. He urged Ion still faster.
The fog abruptly disappeared into a torn patch of clear blue sky. Conor found himself very nearly on top of the Black Coffin who, startled and enraged, twisted about and fired, restored red lightning lacing wickedly from his outstretched fingers. Ion pulled up in a protective gesture, and the strike caught the magnificent sea horse square in its broad, muscled chest. The mighty steed gave a horrifying heartrending chime of pain, then exploded in a blaze of aecxal light and flesh, sad white sparkles showering downward in a wide umbrella. The blast catapulted Conor up and forward, unharmed. Necrolius went to fire again, but in that fleeting moment the swords of the Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm sparked into existence in the king’s hands, and, as he flipped towards his enemy, he struck back.
The Black Coffin was suddenly shorn of his arms and head. They and his body fell towards the Pier to Forever a thousand feet below, the stumps spurting thick gouts of ghastly green blood, the imprisoned multitude of souls somehow— amazingly —audible. They wailed in agony as their evil captor tumbled and twisted limply, his cloak flapping helplessly in free fall, his shoulderless head spinning and smoking. The king, still flipping, flashed back into a seahawk. Giving a high cry of victory, he dove like a missile for him.
But just as Necrolius was about to smash down on Infinitus, his arms and head seemed to magically, magnetically reattach themselves to his form, and he curved over the Pier, pulling out of his death-dive, tearing away from the king just as fast as he could go. Conor came human again and, using his powers, floated unaided above the walkway. He roared with frustration, whipping both arms out and around as the Emperor of the Gyss fled into a small fog bank ahead.
Conor’s motion brought the sea to life below him, with giant twin snakelike streams of water icing over as they gathered then struck into the fog. Two more arcing motions brought two more ice streams to life from opposite ends; the four frozen snakes met within the fog, colliding with a deep deafening rumble at a single point: the exact point where Necrolius was. Maggie had once watched the space shuttle launch from Cape Canaveral; the sound was just like that, but from close-up.
There came a high cry like a village burning, and then a ball of angry red light blew the fog and attacking ice snakes away. As the light faded, the emperor could be seen vanishing into the distance, where his numberless ships burned as they retreated in defeat.
It was only then that she noticed the Saeire Insu. They were flying all around him or flashing onto the infinite walkway and looking up at him and yelling wildly in victory, their swords and lances and tattered banners held high, their faces marked with exhaustion pressed past all human limits. The battle was over. They had won! 
The king held for a moment, his hard gaze fixed far away, seeking any indication of Necrolius; but the Emperor of the Gyss—no, the Emperor of the whole of Aquanus now, all except a tiny, insignificant slice at its eastern edge—was long gone. He held his gaze, then looked around at the crying, twittering, and chirping mega-flock swirling with him at center, then down at the massing victors below, who were creating their own hullabaloo.
With anger and sadness still in his eyes, a smile slowly formed on his lips, one that grew steadily as he floated downward towards the Pier. Surviving Saeire Insu warships were limping out of the fog and smoke, their sails shredded and full of holes, their hulls missing whole chunks. Despite the deluge from the hurricane, black smoke still billowed up from many of them, as though they had passed through the very gates of hell. The warriors stood on the decks of each, all yelling, anxious to join their comrades—and their king. Maggie held up, watching all of this from on high, overcome. The king touched down and was immediately mobbed by his people. The people of the mutineer kingdom known as the Saeire Insu.
~~*~~
“Margarita?”
Luis!
Maggie didn’t know how to respond, didn’t know what to say. Endless seconds passed.
“Margarita? Can you hear me?”
“I’m here ... Dreamcatcher.”
A long pause.
“Yes. Shall I leave you be? You have surprised me. You have the powers of a—”
“I saw what you did to Trajan.”
Another long pause.
“I frighten you.”
“You terrify me.”
The silence that followed was extended and painful. “Yes.”
Maggie held her tongue, watching the growing celebration below. She honestly didn’t know what else to say.
Finally Luis said, “I can offer no excuses for what I did, Margarita. Nor do I wish to.”
“I didn’t ask for any, Luis.” Then: “I’m not judging you. You did what you thought was right ...”
“What I still feel was right.”
She had had time to think of a response to just this tack, and she offered it now.
“Were it Melody that Necrolius had consumed, and had I known one of the accomplices, and had I your powers, I’d’ve done the same thing. I’ve had enough time to realize that. I’m no Dreamcatcher like you, Riparius, but I ...”
“You are something just as extraordinary,” interrupted Luis, “something quite unexpected—and very, very rare.”
Maggie’s train of thought derailed. She said, “What is that?”
“We can discuss it when you awake. It is why, as it turns out, that I have had such a difficult time holding on to your soul at times in the past, and why I lost you after telling you the story of Satelemark. Do you wish to be taken from this track? You have seen it all now.”
She watched the celebration below.
“Not all,” she said. “What happens next? I mean, I was so confused a day ago because I realized that the Imperial Beach Pier doesn’t appear in this reality, in this time, as it did when Melody and Yaeko and the king took me through the Tangent to see Aquanus for the first time. Why is that? And—where are the guard towers? Is there a monument for the dead, or for Espriella? Do the Gyssians regroup and attack again? I have a million questions....”
“Antarctic Cottonwood,” replied Luis.
“Huh?”
She could hear the smile on Luis’ face as he said, “You have the power to see for yourself, at any time, these things, Margarita. And I think you should. And I shall show you how. But not now. This trace holds nothing more for you. It is time for you to return into yourself, and to take a deep night’s sleep. Melody and Yaeko miss you. Come home to them.”
“How do I do that?”
“The way is clear, Storyteller. I’ll leave you to figure it out on your own. Seek me when you are ready to talk—face to face.”
“But ... wait! Luis? Luis?”
But her frightening friend had once again gone silent.
And she had no idea how to get home without his help!
Yes she did, she realized suddenly. She smiled with relief.
Twenty-two years separated the astonishing visions she was witnessing below and the quiet, somnolent reality of her life with her teenaged daughter. So much had to have happened since the Saeire Insu won this battle—so many new stories, so many new soul traces. So many new souls! The stories from this single awesome day would’ve been told and retold and retold, would’ve turned into legends. Those who had died in this battle—how many were there? How dear a price was paid? How were the fallen remembered? Honored? How had it all started from here?
No, Luis, this story has not ended. Not for me. Not yet, anyway.
So she stayed to watch it all. Melody and Yaeko were in good hands, she knew; they were in the best possible hands.
She stayed to experience the memorial for the dead; over a third of the Saeire Insu, nearly fifty thousand warriors, had perished in the battle. It was a ceremony along the Pier to Forever, warships on both sides of it, Conor and the highest ranking of his surviving commanders flanking him on it. Great columns of warriors stood at attention before him, and his brief, quiet speech left her weeping. She watched as Conor raised the guard towers from the Pier platform beneath the waves days later, watched as they skied four hundred feet up on both sides of him, his arms raised, his palms up. But the columns that rose weren’t tornadoes, and he wasn’t being crushed by evil visions.
She stood behind Luis and Conor at Espriella’s grave, which overlooked the sea from the edge of a cliff very near Ae Infinitus. The headstone was fashioned into a cross, carved from the surrounding pumicelike stone. The men said nothing for a long time as they stood there; finally Luis offered a prayer and a blessing. Conor bowed his head and closed his eyes as his friend and comrade spoke. “She will join you in the Cathedral someday, Sire,” said the Dreamcatcher when he finished, placing a reassuring hand on the king’s shoulder. “She will not stay where she is now forever. She will be liberated. She will come for you.”
“And for you as well, Healer,” responded Conor quietly, blinking heavily.
She watched in amazement as the Keeper—Conor had jokingly named him “Harry Chin”—removed the Eleysian Teardrop from his midsection, holding his cupped palms in front of his stomach, the light feeding out of him to gather there, where he handed it to the king. Later she stood in a large, newly built wooden structure on the south side of the largest of the Aquanian Coronados Islands as Conor relayed once again the prophecy to those many present—Luis was there, but, tellingly, Malesherbes Quartermane was not—and, in that meeting, ordered an exploratory mission to Earth at the next Zero to find the “tree that snows,” as Eleysius had commanded. Once gotten, he would pass that snow through the Teardrop, then find deep Earth ice to plant the product of that action in. It was decided that he should cross the Tangent first, to establish his kingdom there, on Earth—a kingdom that would thus be safely protected, for the time being, against the Black Coffin, whose powers Eleysius had proclaimed were by their evil nature not capable of breaching the Tangent—not yet, at least.
The king had earlier released the entire Saeire Insu from his service; they were free to leave, all of them, to make their own way on Earth as civilians, or, much more dangerously, back on Aquanus—as fugitives. But at this meeting, the representatives of the citizens of his new kingdom, who called themselves the Council of the Ten, rose as one to announce that, as a people, they were committed to remain faithfully in his service. There were hundreds at this gathering (again, significantly, Quartermane was nowhere to be seen); when the announcement came, they all stood, applauding and yelling, and Maggie was once again deeply moved. Their young king smiled, but he did not look proud; nor did he look powerful. He appeared, in fact, deeply humbled.
And so it was that, as the Aquanian sun rose many days later, Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I, King of the Saeire Insu, raised him arms once more and reopened the Tangent. He was by himself, in a small skiff, floating just off the south side of Ae Infinitus, his people lining the Pier and waving at him. He would return, he had told them at the meeting. The new kingdom would survive. They would exist in two worlds, in two separate and distinct times. But they would survive. And he ... he would prepare for the time when they, as a people, would return united to Aquanus, led by him and by the mysterious soul prophesied to come and known only as the Apprentice. For the sake of their very survival, he must find her. And he would, he promised them. He would. No matter how long it took, or what he had to do.
He sat alone in the small skiff, rowing shoreward, and Maggie smiled. No, not alone. Because she was sitting opposite him, watching him. And as the sky broke into a million pieces above him, and the crowd oohed and aahed, the boat’s prow lurched forward into suddenly soundless night.
Maggie felt the vital power in the king’s strong arms as the skiff cut through the inky seas with each pull of the oars at his sides. The lights of Imperial Beach glowed from a mile away, a long line of evenly spaced yellow stars; down south twinkled the misshapen orange constellation of Tijuana, Mexico. Conor caught the surf minutes later; he rode it expertly to shore where, in knee-deep water, he disembarked and pulled the boat onto dry sand, and looked around.
The legends among his people would grow. But none more so than the ones surrounding this man: the Mathematician, the Red Talon, who had dared face down a sinister enemy and an invading force many times the size of his mutineers: mutineers from ten nations brought together to stand with him. Mutineers now proud in victory—and very wary for the future. It would all come down to this foretold “Apprentice.” Maggie’s own daughter. Melody.
But Maggie no longer felt fear; not, at least, in the way she was so used to experiencing it. She had seen too much now. She knew too much now to go back to her outworn experience of it. She felt fear, yes. But it was an informed fear, not a frenzied one; it called her to action, not to panic and flailing. Melody would join Conor and his kingdom as they journeyed back along the Pier to Forever to restore the Temple Kentein Intersectum. And Maggie would be with her every step of the way.
She took a deep breath, glanced at the king one last time, and then thought:
I wish to return home. I wish to return ... Home.
Heavy drowsiness overcame her the next moment, and she sat with a heavy plop on the dry beach to keep from fainting outright. She lay on her back, feeling the silky, cool grit of the sand shift away from her weight, and reclined her head until she felt the earth press back against it. Conor was back at the boat, pulling it past her and away from the water. She sighed, closed her eyes, and was asleep instantly.



Part VI
~apparent reality~



vi.
It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.
--Henry David Thoreau
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes to make them possible.
--T.E. Lawrence



Chapter 43
Home
When Maggie opened her eyes, she found herself back in her bedroom. It was dark. She was lying on her side, curled in a loose fetal position, her hands under her cheek. The room was cocooned in silence; the only thing she could hear was her breathing, which was slow and regular. There is the unshakable deep sleep of young children, rejuvenative, breathy, warm, and intensely satisfying, and Maggie knew she had just woken from such sleep. The green digital display of the clock on her nightstand read 2:34 a.m. One of the chairs from the dining nook was next to the bed, a note on the seat. 
She sat up slowly, looked around. She was home. She glanced at her forearms, ran her fingers up and down her cheeks. The burns were gone. It felt good to be able to see herself again. The fact gave her a sense of solidity and fullness that she had been missing, but unaware of until that point.
After a long time simply sitting there and taking in all she’d experienced (had she really experienced it? But no ... she knew full well she had, there was no question of it), she leaned and flicked the nightstand lamp on. She squinted against the sudden yellow glare, reached for the letter on the chair. On fine stationery, in near-perfect cursive, was written:
Tell me,
Was Venus more beautiful
Than you are,
When she topped
The crinkled waves,
Drifting shoreward
On her plaited shell?
Was Boticelli’s vision
Fairer than mine;
And were the painted rosebuds
He tossed his lady
Of better worth
Than the words I blow about you
To cover your too great loveliness
As with a gauze
Of misted silver?
For me,
You stand poised
In the blue and buoyant air
Cinctured by bright winds,
Treading the sunlight.
And the waves which precede you
Ripple and stir
The sands at my feet.
Below this was:
I thought Amy Lowell would be pleasant to wake up to. May she enliven your renewed health and your return to the land of the living.
All is as it should be, Margarita. The Pier really does go on forever.
Luis
Maggie smiled uneasily, then rechecked her forearms and face. She read the letter again before noticing, startled, that someone had dressed her in her nightshirt, leaving on her socks and underwear (Luis? Other Healers?). She placed the letter on the nightstand and came clumsily to her feet, fighting dizziness and weakness. She old-lady shuffled to the bedroom door, opened it, and on wobbly-noodly legs hurried down the darkened hallway to the closed door at the end with a blank sheet of white paper taped to it, one that had colored flowers and violins and various math symbols drawn on it, all surrounding, in big green block letters:
MELODY’S ROOM!
She opened the door gently, stepping inside. The room was pitch black. She groped her way to Melody’s desk, finding the lamp there, flicking it on. The page with the “proof” stared up at her. But no ... She grabbed it, studied it up close. The broken triangle was gone; Conor had drawn a perfect triangle on this one. She looked for the symbol of the aecxis. It was nowhere to be found. Odd. A new, more advanced test of Melody’s abilities, perhaps? She lost herself staring at the page, not looking at anything at all, swept up once more by the staggering visions she had experienced during her convalescence; of their implications, their scope.
“Momma?”
Maggie turned. Melody was propped up on an elbow, her hair in her face, sleep heavy in her squinting eyes.
Dropping the paper, Maggie rushed to her daughter, falling to her knees at her bedside. They embraced tightly, crying. After a long time Maggie said, “Bug, I’m—”
“No, Momma, don’t say it. Don’t say it. I don’t need to hear it. You’ve already said it, remember?”
She pulled back. “When did I—?”
It hit her then.
“You heard me ... in your sleep ... the night I came to you....”
Melody nodded, sniffling. “You were right next to me. I woke up thinking I’d just dreamed it, until I told Senor Arroyo about it—”
“Luis Arroyo?” His name, pronounced by her daughter, stunned her.
Melody smiled. “He told us you’d know who he was.”
“What did he tell you?”
“That you would be out for a little while longer, but not to worry, it was all part of the ‘healing process.’ ”
“Senor Arroyo would know.”
“He told us that, too.”
Maggie chuckled and shuddered at the same time.
“He’s a really nice man, Momma. He told me you were a woman of ‘extraordinary inner beauty and courage.’ ”
She cupped her face. “Well, then, he’s also very intelligent, isn’t he?”
They laughed.
“And Yaeko, is she—?”
“She’s in the guest room. She heard you, too. She’s been here the whole time. She played for you every day, in the morning and at night. The morning after she heard you, she was really happy. She knew you were okay and were going to come back soon. Me, too.”
“How ... how long was I out?” asked Maggie, flummoxed, half afraid to hear the answer.
“Almost ten days,” said Melody. “Senor Arroyo introduced Yaeko and me to some of the Kumiyaay. They’re so cool! It’s so weird to see Alexandre dressed that way, and William too! And there’s this one named Carcaryn—she’s really sweet, she took us to Coastline Pizza last night, she and this other Kumiyaay named Sketch. They weren’t wearing their uniforms; they looked just like regular people that live here in I.B. I couldn’t stop thinking of what they really are, where they come from and all. They were making fun of each other and cracking really bad jokes, and they told us incredible stories of Aquanus and Mr. Conor.”
“I bet they did. I have some, too.”
Melody stared at her in awe. “Senor Arroyo said you would. He told me you were actually seeing what happened on Aquanus all those years ago. Did Mr. Conor look the same as he does now?”
Maggie grinned, shook her head. “A bit younger.”
“Did you see ... Necrolius?”
Maggie nodded very soberly.
“I met him.”
Her insides clenched. “I know you did, Bug. Luis told me.”
Melody shared with her then what happened to her in the Sankyan Wilderness, how she had met her father there, had fetched him the Eleysian Teardrop from the Temple Sanctuary Room. But it wasn’t her dad, Rich Singleton, it was ...
“... him. And Sara wasn’t Sara, she was—” Melody shuddered. “She was a demon, Momma! And Daddy—Necrolius—he wanted me to blow out the Teardrop after it had changed to a candle flame. And he started yelling at me when I got scared. Then Mr. Conor walked in, and he blasted Daddy—er, Necrolius—across the room with lightning, and the demon too, and they caught fire, and then it got really cold and Necrolius started changing ... And then Mr. Conor told me to run back to the Pier and take the candle with me, to not let it blow out, and so I did, but it did, and so I hid in the Temple Sanctuary Room, because I knew the demon was going to come after me. I was so scared.... But somehow Yaeko was with me ... she was inside me, I don’t know how ... and she told me to fight the demon—and I did, Momma! And I won! I destroyed it—somehow. I don’t know how. It all happened so fast. But then Yaeko told me to get out of the tower, and I did, because there was this huge wave coming for me. And then Necrolius appeared out of a black tornado at the foot of the Pier as I was running for it, and just when I thought I was going to die, I tripped ... and turned into a bird! I did, really! And I got away! I thought it was all a really bad dream, because I opened my eyes, and I was back here in my bedroom, and Senor Arroyo was smiling down at me. He told me it wasn’t a bad dream, that it had actually happened!”
Maggie couldn’t believe what she was hearing. It sounded even more fantastic than what she had seen with her own eyes along the many soul traces she had taken while she was unconscious. She remembered the demons she’d seen in her visions: huge, ugly, muscled agents of pure hate, any one capable of taking on ten men and emerging victorious, ready for more. Melody had destroyed one—by herself? It sounded too incredible to believe. 
She whispered, “Thank God you’re safe ...” Then, very curious, she asked: “What kind of bird did you turn into? Was it a seagull?”
“No, Momma! I didn’t know. But after I told Senor Arroyo what happened, he took me on a walk to the estuary. And then he pointed above the trees. There was a red-tailed hawk circling them. That was it! I had turned into a red-tailed hawk!”
“A hawk ...” said Maggie dreamily.
“Momma?”
She came to herself. She said, “Do you know what Mr. Conor can turn into?”
Melody shook her head.
“A seahawk.”
“Wow,” said Melody. “Really? Is he pretty?”
“It’s hard to describe just how much,” said Maggie, answering another question entirely and unaware she had. Melody studied her curiously, sensing the disconnect. “He’s an extraordinarily powerful man, Bug,” she continued. “He truly is a king ... And not just a king—a great king.” She shook her head self-reproachfully. “And I treated him ... I mean ... I didn’t know! He was just a teacher. A math teacher. Nothing more. And I—” She closed her eyes, covered them with a hand. Her knees were aching from kneeling so long on the hardwood floor of Melody’s bedroom, so she sank back on her butt, still covering her eyes. Melody looked at her with concern.
“I keep replaying everything I said to him from the first moment I met him,” she complained, kneading the bridge of her nose with her thumb and middle finger. “Everything. And I ... I’m embarrassed and ashamed.” 
She dropped her hand, looked into her daughter’s eyes. “I mean, why does a teacher deserve less respect than a king? Isn’t it supposed to be a person’s character that counts? It’s what I’ve tried to teach you, Bug; but when push came to shove, your dear ol’ mom really screwed the pooch! I’ve been such a hypocrite. And now, because of me, Aedan Conor is ...”
She had been wanting to ask Melody all this time, and terrified of the answer she’d receive. It was an unspeakably glorious sign that Melody hadn’t told her yet. Now it was time to find out. She looked at her daughter with questioning, pleading eyes.
Melody’s response was somber and quiet. “No one really knows but the Healers, and they aren’t talking,” she said. “Yaeko and I have been bugging Senor Arroyo every day; and finally yesterday he told us that the prognosis had taken a turn for the better. They think he has a better chance now than before. That’s all he’d say.”
Maggie closed her eyes, her chin dropping. After a time she whispered, “Everything he’s been through ... everything he can do ... and all it takes to kill him is a crazy woman from I.B....” She sighed heavily, crossed her legs.
“No, Momma,” said Melody. “Don’t think that way. Please. Please?” She reached to touch her, but Maggie intercepted Melody’s hand with her own, clasped it tightly.
“Want to hear an amazing, amazing, amazing story?”
“Yes!” exclaimed Melody. “Tell me everything! I want to hear it all! Leave no details out, okay?”
“Shall we wake Yaeko? Maybe she’ll want to hear it too.”
Melody thought for a moment, said, “No, let’s let her sleep. I’m sure we’ll bug you to tell it all over again and again anyway.” She gave a quick grin. “But ... when you’re finished, I need to tell you about Yaeko—her story. It’s pretty amazing, too.”
~~*~~
Maggie sat at the edge of Yaeko’s bed, peering down at her. Yaeko was on her side, her legs partially uncovered. Maggie stared at them in the dissolving gray half light of approaching dawn. The scars on those legs made her wince—and now she knew the astonishing truth about Yaeko Mitsaki as well. As she did within the Origin of her own soul, she reached down, cupped Yaeko’s cheek. Yaeko responded this time with a sleepy and surprisingly touching whisper:
“We are One, Melody ...”
The top of the bow was peeking out of the covers. Yaeko held it close to her, as other children hold on to teddy bears.
But this is no child, thought Maggie. She’s something beyond explanation, beyond precedent. She can cross the bridge between universes—at will. Not even Aedan can do that; not even Necrolius. What is she?
Yaeko sighed and pressed her face deeper into Maggie’s palm.
Yaeko had played for her every morning, every night, Melody had told her. Yaeko had insisted on staying at her bedside, where she held her hand and spoke to her, and encouraged her. It was only when Luis let her know that he must work in privacy and silence that Yaeko reluctantly yielded her place next to the bed. When his work was done, she would be back there immediately, taking breaks only to eat or to use the bathroom. It wasn’t until Luis told her that she was “on her way back, most assuredly,” and then leaning over to whisper in Yaeko’s ear, that Yaeko relaxed, allowing herself to leave the Singleton home, excusing herself with the startling declaration: “It’s time I show Elizabeth the truth.”
(Elizabeth who, of course, visited every day and kept the girls fed and “properly looked after” and who had no idea what was going on initially or what had happened, having been working until she couldn’t reach Yaeko, whereupon she returned to Imperial Beach immediately, frightened out of her wits, only to find that the phone lines and cell-phone towers near Imperial Beach had been damaged by the earthquake. But that didn’t explain Maggie’s life-threatening condition and the strange people coming in and out of her, Maggie’s, home, or the inexplicably large number of seagulls always over the house, or why Melody’s mother wasn’t in the hospital “as civilized folks would be.” She had gone to the elderly gentleman with the elegant Spanish accent who seemed to be in charge of everything and directing traffic. Whatever Luis Arroyo told her seemed to comfort her very quickly, even instantly, contradicting absolutely everything Yaeko and Melody knew about Elizabeth’s hyperconcerned, hyperactive, and hyperhospitable personality.)
As Yaeko left, she looked at Melody, and the two shared a silent, knowing nod.
Two Kumiyaay went with Yaeko. They were present when she opened the Tangent at the end of the Pier, her guardian at her side, standing at attention behind them. Elizabeth fell to her knees upon sight of the vision running forever away from her; she pulled Yaeko into her arms moments later, crying, “I knew you were an angel. Oh, I knew it ...” She returned to Earth positively stunned, walking tentative, shaky half steps, as though at any moment the wooden planks passing beneath her feet would fall away to the ocean twenty feet below, her face one of beatific wonder, her grip on Yaeko’s shoulder both one of needed support and the desire to protect her incredible charge, that desire raised now to a stratospheric exponent. But being Elizabeth, ever the pragmatist, she quickly adjusted as best she could to the radical realignment of her reality, busily diving in to help the Kumiyaay and Luis and the occasional other Healers (who showed up to put the Singleton home back together again), feeding them, brewing coffee for them, and offering them a place to sleep. Mostly, though, she stood by as they worked, murmuring over and over again, “I still can’t believe this is real ... I just can’t believe it....”  
“I remember ... parts of me remember ... my coma, Melody,” Yaeko had told her as she held Melody’s mother’s limp hand later. Melody sat on the other side of the bed, holding her mom’s other hand. “Senor Arroyo tells me that it’s not like that, and not to worry. But I can’t help it. Something is telling me to be here. I can’t ignore it.”
Senor Arroyo’s nose was broken; above that was a deep gash; and the base of his neck was covered in a nasty purplish-black bruise. It’s how he had first appeared to Melody and Yaeko when they woke from their terrifying flight from the Sankyan Wilderness. The mysterious injuries had been bandaged, not miraculously healed with the powers both Melody and Yaeko learned soon after he possessed. When they asked later why he didn’t heal them with those powers, Luis smiled sadly and said, “These injuries are the last gifts from two heroes who gave their lives trying to save the king. They are the last things I will ever receive from them. They were my friends as well as my countrymen and colleagues.”
Three Kumiyaay had died as well. One day Luis and the Healers, and all but a handful of seagulls, disappeared for several hours. The girls knew something was up: everyone was in their finest dress uniforms. Luis, dressed in a blue suit, brought Melody and Yaeko together and said, “We go to honor and mourn our dead. We shall return shortly. We leave you with some trepidation, however; and so to assuage our fears I ask that should you run into any trouble, please shout into this—” He handed Melody a round gold-encased object like a gentleman’s watch, dropping the long chain into her open palm before closing and clasping her hand in his. A chill ran through Melody—the watch was ice cold. “I will hear you and send help immediately,” he said. “Do not open the case unless it is an emergency, and do not take it with you into your mother’s room. In untrained hands it will interfere with her recovery. Let your mother rest. Do you understand?” 
Melody nodded.
Luis and the other Saeire Insu then left the home, whereupon she and Yaeko repaired to Melody’s bedroom to stare at the watch and speculate wildly as to what it really was. A walkie-talkie? An oddly shaped cell-phone? But why was it so cold? The ornate inscriptions along the watch’s circumference were alien and impossible to decipher. Melody almost wished for an emergency so she could open it; she laughed when Yaeko actually voiced that same wish.
When Luis returned, they asked. As he collected the watch, dropping it into his suit pocket and heading back to Maggie’s room, he answered soberly, “It is known as a Healer’s Compass. I am relieved you had no occasion to use it.” And with that he quietly shut the bedroom door.
Elizabeth had given Melody the week off from school. She had spent almost every minute of it in a wretched state, worried to the point of stooping nausea, conflicted and horrified over her mother’s injuries and the confrontation that gave them to her. The row with her mom haunted her every waking moment, and not just because of what had happened to her. Despite Senor Arroyo’s many gentle assurances to the contrary, Melody could not help but feel responsible for it all, from the earthquake and the demolished state of the house to the deaths of the Healers and the three Kumiyaay to, perhaps worst of all, the dire state of Mr. Conor himself, their king, her teacher. At times, it became too much to bear. The Kumiyaay named Carcaryn Gellantara, who had taken the most regular post at the residence, approached Melody as she stood crying silently one day under the sycamore in the back yard. It wasn’t the first time Melody had come here during the week, unable to deal with her fears and pain and guilt. Yaeko was inside with her mother, holding her hand and talking to her. Melody had just been there too, doing the same thing, when the tears came yet again.
The elite warrior was tall, her eyes like twin slits of blue fire, her knightly uniform and gleaming weapons making her look like some sort of otherworldly holy warrior. She came up behind Melody and placed a hand on her shoulder. Melody looked up at her with red eyes, startled, not having heard her approach.
“Child, what is it that troubles you so?” asked the Kumiyaay.
Melody looked away, the tears streaming down her red cheeks. “Everything. Everything,” she cried, her voice breaking. “They’re dead because of me. And Mr. Conor—I’m so worried about him ... and my mom ... I hurt her ... I hurt her really badly. I could’ve ...” She took a trembling breath, whispered, “I could’ve ... could’ve killed her.” She held silent, trying to catch her breath, then said, “She’s been out for days. I hate myself. And I can’t do anything to help her. I’m useless! What if she ...” She screwed her watering eyes shut. “What if she ... dies? I couldn’t ... couldn’t live with myself!”
“She won’t die,” said the warrior quietly.
Melody turned, looked up into those intimidating eyes.
“She was trying to protect you,” said the Pier Guard, who squat down so that they were eye to eye. “You must stop blaming yourself, child. The truth is, no one is to blame for what happened. No one, perhaps, except the Black Coffin himself. You are learning who you are; you are learning about your limits. You are growing up. This is a good thing. But sometimes it causes pain. Sometimes great pain. But who would you be if you did not undertake such a journey?”
Carcaryn paused before saying, “I have watched you the past several days, Melody Singleton. You and your best friend Yaeko. You are not typical of girls of the same age from your culture—selfish, self-absorbed, shallow, concerned with appearances and fitting in. There is a depth to you both. It is hard to define. But it is most assuredly there. It glows from within you, making you precious to all with eyes to see. Precious enough to protect at any cost. To be sure, your mother’s judgment may be subject to censure—but not her intentions. Were you my daughter”—those blue eyes intensified—“there would be no army of demons capable of getting by me to you. That is how fiercely I’d fight to protect you.” She rose to her full height, turned and walked away a few steps before stopping and looking over her shoulder. “And since I’ve been assigned as your personal guardian,” she said, “no army of demons ever will.” She gave a single nod and went back inside the home—
It was at that point Melody yawned. It was something like the tenth time, her mouth wide open, the last words she spoke sounding as though someone had stuffed a large balloon in her mouth. 
Maggie had kept her up long enough. She rebuffed Melody’s insistence that she was wide awake and wanted to hear more about Aquanus and Mr. Conor; she kissed her, hugged her in a way that felt entirely new to her but knew wasn’t, came to shaky stockinged feet and clicked off the desk lamp before closing the door behind her.
She stared down at Yaeko now, stroked her long black hair with a finger. A prompting called to Maggie then, surprising her. But the contents of the prompting made her smile. It wasn’t earthshaking like going into battle or crossing the Tangent, but simple and small and sweet. She gave into it without another moment’s hesitation.
She leaned down and kissed Yaeko’s forehead.
“Thank you, Yaeko,” she whispered. “Thank you.”
She rose and left the room just as the morning sun peeked orange over the horizon.



Chapter 44
Tachyon
Maggie shuffled into the kitchen, prepped the coffee machine, pressed the ON button. She yawned. The early morning half light was pleasantly sleepy, the deep gray of the new day muffling all sound, all movement. She went to have a seat in the dining nook to think—her mind felt ready to burst, so much did it have to process—when she froze in her tracks. Shrouded in shadow stood three large Kumiyaay in uniform, who at her approach gave her a full salute: STOMP!—STOMP! STOMP! followed by the simple synchronized hand gesture down the centerlines of their bodies. It was like listening to three rifle reports at close range, the impressive weaponry strapped to their persons clinking as they moved. They finished and stood arrow straight, ready, lethal.
“Jesus—!” she shouted as she jumped back.
The Kumiyaay stood silent as statues.
She caught her breath. Her knees felt like jelly. She glanced down on her person—at her nightshirt falling to above mid-thigh, a nightshirt made of cotton, old, threadbare, very nearly see-through from many years of use. She suddenly felt absolutely silly and hugely exposed. She gathered her wits, wrapped her arms about herself, and peered up at the front Kumiyaay, a six-and-a-half-foot-tall monster with ebony-black skin and ocean-blue eyes which almost seemed to glow in the dark. Maggie, speaking impulsively (but knowing what she wanted to say), said:
“G-Good morning ... I—I was wondering ... could you please ask, er, if it’s not too much trouble, I mean, if one of you could ask Commander ... er ... Jelignite to come here? I’d like to speak to him ...”
The soldier saluted instantly—a quick bow this time—no stomp (thank goodness!)— followed by another downward centerline gesture with his right hand—and then he was gone, walking out the front door and into a flashing ball of white brilliance, a seagull winging out of it and out of sight.
The two remaining Saeire Insu superwarriors stood rock-still, cloaked in shadow.
Maggie cleared her throat. “Would—would either of you like some ... some coffee—?”
~~*~~
It was almost six when another bright flash just out front caught her attention. She put down her coffee cup and went to the door, opened it slowly. Coming towards her was a powerfully built man with hair nearly white, and a vicious scar running down the left side of his face and under the neck of his black T-shirt. Commander Jelignite.
“Ma’am.” He gave a quick and stern salute, halting his forward progress. His gaze was sharp and no-nonsense. “I was told you needed to see me.”
“Er, Commander,” she finally got out, smiling uneasily, afraid to look into his eyes. “Please ... come on in. Thanks. Thanks ...”
She pulled the bathrobe she’d fetched half an hour ago tighter about her form, turned on her heel and walked back down the short hallway to the dining nook, the lights of which having long since been switched on. The Supreme Commander of the Saeire Insu followed her, his every footfall echoing heavily in her soul. She couldn’t help but recall the young man flashing from a seagull into the Aquanian sea near a rocky island, his head cleaved open, blood running freely down his face, while beyond a fierce battle raged between the Gyssians and Conor’s warriors. His presence seemed to confirm everything she’d seen in her visions, and the men in uniform in her dining nook now, and the reality beyond the Pier itself. Suddenly it was all as real—solid, breathing, moving, waiting—as the coffee maker, the dining nook, the cool wood flooring under her feet. Somehow the sight of him here, in the present, at the indeterminate and foamy shore of possibility, was the final catalyst, not to suspend her disbelief, but her belief. What good is it, she thought, to believe something exists when you finally come to understand—to accept—to know—that it’s real?
The two Kumiyaay looked up as she and her new guest entered the dining nook. Their eyes grew wide upon sight of the Supreme Commander, whose already intense gaze intensified a hundredfold again upon sight of his elite guard seated and relaxing at the table, drinking coffee and eating bagels with cream cheese. They stood in rapid order, one with his mouth still full, and saluted—the full salute. Maggie covered her ears. The two men stared straight ahead, still and stiff and tense. The Saeire Insu Commander approached them, staring witheringly into their faces.
One gulped hard, said, “Sir, if I may ex—”
He stopped when that gaze intensified even more.
Commander Jelignite growled, “Outside. Go out the back. Level Four high cover over the homes. Pray I remember you’re there a week from now, because I’m inclined to leave you both up there until the Year of the Blue Storm King. Go.”
The Kumiyaay saluted with great haste and hurried out the back sliding door, where Sara came bounding up to them excitedly, a tennis ball in her mouth, ready to play. Maggie felt bad for them. She felt guilty.
She turned to face the Supreme Commander, feeling the edge of taut impatience in the air, coming from him. She took a steadying breath and said, “It’s ... it’s my fault, Commander Jelignite, please don’t ...”
“Clockwise,” he corrected her brusquely. His harsh glare fixed on her for a moment; then, abruptly, it softened. “If you would, please, ma’am.”
She went to offer him a seat as he added: “The king calls me Clockwise; he asked that I allow you and your family the same familiarity with me that he has.”
Maggie wasn’t sure what to think of this information. More to the point, Conor’s orders, whatever they were, seemed to vex the Supreme Commander as much as amuse and intrigue him.
“ ‘Asked’?” she said. “You mean ‘ordered.’ ”
“If you prefer, yes,” responded Commander Jelignite in that same brusque fashion.
“Would you mind telling me what those orders were specifically?”
The Commander straightened as if being inspected himself, clasping his hands behind his back, his chest jutting out, his gaze straight forward, breaking it from hers. He spoke rigidly, each word clear and distinct and crisp.
“My orders are as follows: to consider Ms. Maggie Singleton, her daughter, Miss Melody Singleton, her daughter’s friend, Miss Yaeko Mitsaki, and her daughter’s friend’s guardian, Ms. Elizabeth Finnegan, as members of the royal family; to treat all parties accordingly; and to spare no measure of manpower or expense on all aforementioned parties in order to fully secure their safety and comfort. On behalf of the Sixteenth Angeli Magna Coronados, please accept, Ms. Singleton, my sincere apologies for the lax behavior of two of our warriors. I promise you, ma’am, they will be disciplined. Upon your pleasure, ma’am, I will have them reassigned.”
He finished his speech, stood waiting at attention.
Maggie was flabbergasted. But she at least had the presence of mind to note his frozen stance and said, “It’s—it’s okay, Commander, uh, Jelignite, er, Clockwise. Please ... uh, relax. Please.”
Commander Jelignite did as told, looked her straight in the eye, nodded once. A nod as crisp as his speech. “If I may, Ms. Singleton, it is good to see that you are well.” And before she could thank him, he said, “You asked to see me?”
Maggie noted that there were only a few minor degrees between Commander Jelignite at attention and Commander Jelignite in a relaxed state. It was as if his skin was the last desperate barrier holding back a barely controlled nuclear furnace, one completely dedicated to a single task. Without asking, without needing to ask, she knew exactly what that task was. She felt even more guilty pulling him away from it. She said, “Please, er, sit. Some coffee?”
“Thank you, Ms. Singleton. No sugar, please.”
“You can call me Maggie,” she corrected him (wishing she’d brewed decaf, and thinking that sugar was the very last thing this man needed), and knew instantly she’d made another mistake. 
He said, “If you have half-and-half—Ms. Singleton—that’d be great. Else milk is fine.” 
He sat at the table, his back straight, his face a disconcerting mix of insane rage and practiced, even erudite, calm. Maggie couldn’t tell if he was smiling or not. He seemed the kind of man incapable of anything but the sternest order, because only through the sternest order could he keep from going absolutely nuts.
“Yeah, yeah ... sure,” she said uncertainly, and went to fetch him coffee per his order. She returned with a large green mug featuring cute wide-eyed little puppies surrounded by large red hearts, and which read “PUPPY LOVE” at the bottom, and had to stifle a sudden bout of laughter when he took it from her. The contrast wasn’t just severe: it actually stung her psyche to take it in. But the Supreme Commander of the Saeire Insu didn’t seem to notice the cup or the art on it. Instead he nodded once more, then took a long sip. He put the cup down and looked at her expectantly.
She gathered her courage, sat down, and said, “Commander, er, Clockwise, I ... I guess I wanted to discuss a few things with you today ...”
“Just Clockwise, ma’am....”
She went on, ignoring the misgivings screaming in her ear and the sense of smallness that made her want to crawl back into her bedroom and close the door.
“Yeah, okay.... First, Clockwise,” she said, “I wanted to thank you for putting my home back together after the ... uh ... well ... yeah. Second, I ... want to ... to apologize for my behavior ... on the Pier,” she added quickly, noting the puzzled look on his face. “I made a right ass of myself, and I ... I endangered you and your soldiers ...” She tore her gaze away from his. “I mean, Kumiyaay died because of me ...” 
She forced herself to look back up into that wild stare. “I am sorry about that, Clockwise, I really am. I wanted you to know how I felt, to hear it directly from me. I hope you can forgive me, as well as your soldiers, as well as their families. I feel terrible for them, for their loss.”
He looked away from her, took another long sip, looked back. “There is no need to apologize,” he said, his tone surprisingly softened. The apology seemed to knock him off balance somewhat.
“What I can say about those warriors, Ms. Singleton,” he added quietly, “was that they died doing exactly what they wanted to do in life. That kind of finish is rare in this world.”
“It is,” she agreed, sensing that he was still holding something back. “It is.”
A moment of awkward silence followed. She had almost forgotten the third and final reason she’d asked him to her home, despite the fact that it had been just as central in her spirit as that apology was. She noted the expectant look in his eyes, and gathered herself. “Yes,” she said, sitting up. “I’d also like to ...”
“Permission to speak freely, Ms. Singleton?”
“Of course, of course,” blinked Maggie, feeling herself recoil. Here it comes, she thought. Was he about to dress her down?
“You have surprised me,” he said. “I have become cynical in my time here. For that I must apologize to you, Ms. Singleton....”
Knocked off balance herself, she replied, “Why do you say that?”
“I have noticed that ‘I’m sorry’ here on Earth means: ‘Please let me abuse you again.’ It means: ‘Let us play this game again so that I can come out on top—again.’ It means: ‘Please don’t ask me to pay for my sins, just let me be the same rotten little wimpling as before.’ It means: ‘Let us stay in this miserable pattern, because in it I can always get the best of you.’ It means anything except what it’s supposed to mean.”
“Which is what?” she asked, astounded by the man before her. He responded with:
“The simple and contrite admission of making a mistake. Of genuine remorse for it—and the willingness to make up for it without evasion or expectations of any kind. In twenty years of observing Gaians, your apology may be the first actual one I’ve heard.” A blonde-white eyebrow raised. “Ironic that it should be directed to me. I’d laugh, but that would dishonor the Kumiyaay and Healers who died a week and a half ago. Please forgive my cynicism, Ms. Singleton.”
He inclined his head, then took another sip of coffee. He swallowed, pursing his lips; and then, with that edge of impatience back in his voice, said, “Is there anything else?”
And Maggie thought: Well, hell! 
But there was still the matter of the prompting, the very one she’d had earlier as she scooped the coffee from the bag into the filter and poured fresh water into the maker’s reservoir to get it all started. It had come to her so quietly that at first she didn’t recognize it as a prompting at all, as though the clamor of waking life was much too loud for promptings. Or something like that, she had mused, concerned and making a mental note to revisit the thought later. But the prompting was there regardless, and she knew that the visions had taught her above all to listen to them—and to obey them. The problem was, this request may just prove too much.
She took a deep breath. If she was going to be rejected, she thought, it may as well be from the man at the very top. Somewhat demurely, she said:
“Yes. I don’t know if you can do this, and I’ll understand if the answer is no, but ...” (Here goes ...) “... I ... I would really like to see the king.”
And before she could tell him that she knew that only the Healers were allowed to see Conor, and that his condition was top secret, and that it might cause him, Clockwise, no end of security and logistics nightmares to arrange it, he took another sip, put down his cup, and said, “Yes, ma’am. Meet me at the mouth of the Tijuana River at 10. Have something to pull your hair back, a light windbreaker, and come in a good pair of running shoes. Wear jeans and socks. No shorts. That should cover it. Now—I should be getting back.” He took two huge last gulps, completely draining the cute puppy-and-heart mug, stood and said, “Permission to be dismissed, ma’am?”
Maggie was utterly out of her element, and she knew he knew that. He’s being gentle with me. He could treat me like a pit bull does a rag doll—and get away with it, irrespective of my “royal family” credentials. It’s to his credit that he isn’t jumping in the middle of my business right now.
She stood with him and croaked out something like, “Sure ... sure. I’ll see you at 10.... Thanks for coming by, Clockwise ...”
He fixed her one last time with that mad gaze, saluted, then offered the tiniest half smile as he walked out the front door. Somewhere around the corner, out of sight, came a flash, one that told her he was on his way to wherever to prepare for her visit with—not Aedan Conor, geometry teacher—but Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I, the King of the Saeire Insu.
~~*~~
She didn’t think to question the peculiarity in meeting Clockwise at the mouth of the Tijuana River, or wearing specific clothing items such as jeans (not shorts), running shoes (not sandals, say), and a windbreaker (not going bare-armed, as she would’ve), or putting her hair back, until she topped the final rise of the southernmost sand dune edging the beach well within the estuary itself. Nor did she notice the five seagulls gliding in a precise v-formation high above her head, seagulls that had followed her the entire way from her home and which split up when she reached her destination, winging back in that general direction. 
She’d left early. She did so mostly out of nerves, excusing them by telling herself she didn’t want to keep the Commander waiting. She checked on the girls before departing; both were sound asleep. She stepped out her car in the last parking lot along South Seacoast Avenue at 9:25. She set off for the beach, climbing the line of sand dunes running parallel next to it. It was 9:45 when she looked out over the mouth of the river. She held still for a long time.
Four magnificent sea horses were waiting there, floating just a few feet above the river itself. They milled about riderless but burdened with saddles; two were engaged in play of some sort, butting at each other. They’d circle one another, lower their heads and charge. The collision sounded like two large blocks of flat concrete slapping together, only slightly muffled by the sound of the roaring surf nearby. Then they’d disengage and start again. The light passing through their semi-translucent bodies split and sparked, their muscular forms seeming to her more solid than the solid, opaque things around them. She had to tell herself to breathe. Was she going to see the king—riding one of these? A sea horse? The thought gave her pause.
And then another thought crashed through her awe, shattering the wide silence in her spirit:
Where, precisely, does the king live?
And then, finally, she knew.
Her head turned slowly to the right.
A hundred feet away the Pacific surf crashed and roared and hissed; miles farther out, the Coronados Islands rose like faded splotches of brown paint over a straight, sharp line of baby blue. She stared at them, disbelieving. It was as if she were looking at them for the first time. A thought tried to form in her mind; that thought was: Aedan Conor lives on one of those islands? But it couldn’t form because the gales of disbelief whistling through her kept blowing the words apart.
She turned all the way around to look back towards her home. The neighborhoods bordering the estuary looked so peaceful, so ... safe. Did she really want to do this?
She came about to face the wondrous beasts again. With her attention nervously diverting at regular intervals out to the islands, she cautiously stepped down the dune, the fine sand tumbling with each step and filling her shoes, getting under her ankle socks. She didn’t notice.
She was a good fifty feet away from the sea horses when motion out of the corner of her eye brought her chin around. Four seagulls came in tight formation just over the surf, straight for her. As they approached they flashed in quick succession—flash!—flash!—flash!—flash!—the bright balls of light expanding ...
Four Kumiyaay strode towards her in full uniform, their faces severe and unsmiling. Clockwise was the last to flash through. They came to a halt before her, where they saluted before three took their immediate leave of her, walking silently around her towards the beasts, who had noticed them and floated to the shore of the river, chiming happily. The Supreme Commander stood waiting in front of her.
She managed to gasp out, “I ... I’m riding one of those sea horses t-to see Aedan?” And then, noting that there were five riders, including herself, added, “I take it I’ll be going with one of the warriors—?”
Clockwise gave a mad smile, said, “Of course not, Ms. Singleton. You’ll be riding the king’s own mount, Tachyon.” He looked around. “He must have wandered off. He does that. He isn’t the most social of sea horses ...”
This made Maggie’s heart flutter even faster. Even so, she caught the use of the pronoun and said, “You called it ‘he.’ For some reason I thought sea horses are sexless.”
“They are, properly speaking,” said Clockwise shortly, still looking around. “But if a sea horse belongs to a man, it comes to be known as a ‘he’; if by a woman, a ‘she.’ It sounds silly to denote them in such a manner, I grant you, but it really isn’t. Hopefully I’ll be able to explain why in a minute, given that I find him. Ah. There he is, just coming over the rise there. See?”
She looked left. Over a small brown hillock well within the salt marsh floated a streamlined, rainbow-laced shape that made her forget everything she’d seen to this point, everything she’d heard. Clockwise noted her expression and allowed himself a second deranged smile. She didn’t notice.
Tachyon floated over the river, coming around the other sea horses, who took note of his presence and immediately settled down, like children do when a stern parent enters their playroom. He loomed large, stopping just five or so feet from her. She looked up, breathless.
Tachyon was larger than the other sea horses, and shaped slightly differently. His form was leaner and longer, the great vertical fan on his back pointed, the ridges running down from it sharper, his curled tail firmer and more whiplike. Startling, irregular streaks of red-black lightning laced backward through his form from his massive chest, disappearing deep within his body—something that didn’t happen with the other sea horses.
“Tachyon,” said Clockwise in a loud voice, “this is Ms. Maggie Singleton.”
As though he had understood, the sea horse’s huge body swiveled around, stopping when it faced her. The black onyx commas of his eyes caught the sunlight, sparked as he regarded her. Maggie sensed enormous intelligence in the beast. She spluttered, “C-Commander ... I can’t ... can’t ride that, er, Tachyon. I don’t know how! I ... I have no training on them!”
“You’ve ridden a regular horse, haven’t you, Ms. Singleton?” He studied her.
“Of course I have,” she responded, unable to keep the irritation out of her voice. “I was 4-H Champion at the Kansas State Fair when I was fourteen. But that was a ... a horse, an Arabian! This is a ...” Her voiced trailed away.
“I’m glad you can see him,” said Clockwise, who had come up behind her. “Not everyone can. Sea horses can only be seen by those whose souls are strong enough.” He walked around her, extended a hand up. Tachyon drooped his head low enough so that the Commander could pat his face. Clockwise took note of her expression and said, “There is nothing to worry about, ma’am. If you’ve ridden a regular horse, you can ride Tachyon.”
The sea horse chimed as Clockwise ran a hand up and down his glassy face, but it was a chime so different from his brethren that Maggie, her heart jumping, blurted out, “What’s that?” For it had sounded less like a chime than the sound of wind passing through trees in a dense forest, or the sound of a tumbling river, or maybe the sound of a collapsing office building. She could just make out the pleasant pure notes of the chiming, but it was as though they were relegated to the background, washed out and in the distance. The beast had not stopped his consideration of the woman beneath him, even though he was being tended to by the Supreme Commander.
Clockwise ignored her question. Without turning around, he said, “This is the son of Ion, Ms. Singleton. His Excellency has told me you’d know who that was.”
“His Excellency—? You mean—Luis Arroyo?”
“Yes.”
“This ... is Ion’s son?”
“Yes. He was part of the only clutch Ion was known to bear.” He looked over his shoulder at her. “Again, as you’ve mentioned, sea horses are sexless. They are, at least, in this stage. They have three life cycles: larval, breeder, and adult—the stage Tachyon is at now. The larvae can be found all over Earth. Gaians buy them in pet stores and the like. They are called ‘seahorses’ as well—but spelled as one word. They do not evolve beyond the larval stage on this world, though they have developed an entire life cycle of their own to ensure their survival. On Aquanus, the larval stage is just the beginning for them. There, in that stage, they are called ‘prehorses.’ When they become adults, we respell ‘seahorse’ as two words, ‘sea horse,’ to denote the time when they finally separate from the sea. When Ion was a breeder, and still in the sea, ‘he’ had a clutch of eggs. Tachyon is the only survivor from that clutch.”
“He’s ... different,” said Maggie delicately, certain the great beast watching her understood perfectly what she was saying.
“Yes,” agreed Clockwise. But he offered no more information. Instead he said, “Care to go for a ride on the king’s sea horse?”
Maggie closed her eyes and tried to gin up her courage. She took a deep breath. “Yes,” she said resolutely, knowing that the firmness in her voice was an absolute lie. “What do I need to do? I mean ... his saddle is ten feet off the ground! How do I get up to it?”
Clockwise said, “I will show you how in a moment. For now, I must tell you that sea horses sustain themselves by feeding on the Living Aecxis of their riders. When you mount this horse, you will enter into just such a relationship. Does this concern you?”
“Should it?” she asked.
“It bothers some. You will be entering into a symbiotic relationship, Ms. Singleton. The sea horse feeds on your Living Aecxis; in exchange your physical body is replenished and rejuvenated. You become stronger, healthier, as does the Living Aecxis within your spirit. It is by this symbiotic relationship that sea horses with male riders tend to start to manifest male-type behaviors,” he continued. “They become more aggressive, more impatient, more—”
“—jerkier?”
She flushed. The word had rushed out of her mouth unbidden. “Sorry ...” she said quickly. “That was uncalled for.” 
But the look in his eyes, along with the momentary presence of that crazy smile, made her reconsider her apology. Because something like respect passed through that gaze as he regarded her just then. She broke the discomfort of the ensuing silence by asking, “What happens to sea horses with female riders?”
He smirked. “They become bitchy and needy three weeks of the month; the fourth they’re completely useless. Why?”
And Maggie understood Guptaamaq Jelignite, “Clockwise,” Supreme Commander of the Saeire Insu, and he understood her. Their friendship was sealed. And though the prospect of riding this splendid aecxal beast was still daunting, she knew she’d be okay. He’d see to it. She laughed without sound, nodding, looking into his eyes, a self-effacing touche! grin spreading over her face.
He said, “Come. Let’s get you acquainted with him. Go ahead, touch him.”
She did as told, first barely and very cautiously touching the sea horse with her fingers before becoming quickly more confident and running her full hand up and down the side of Tachyon’s massive face. The king’s mount felt quite real, just like Tawny, her old horse—almost. The surprising velvety softness of his face was contradicted by an iron hardness beneath that belied the beast’s semi-translucent, seemingly ethereal nature. Tachyon chimed—his very disconcerting chime—then dropped his head a little and nudged her beneath her chin, tossing her ten feet backward onto her butt on hard, baked earth. 
She goggled up in awe—and then burst out laughing.
Clockwise was by her side instantly. The other Kumiyaay, who were tending their own sea horses, looked on in concern. Maggie sat on the cracked ground and laughed until tears gathered in her eyes.
“It’s okay, Commander,” she eventually said between hard-to-get breaths. “It’s okay.”
“He likes you, I think.”
“Good thing!” she shouted. Yep. Her tailbone would be black and blue tomorrow.
“Did you feel anything?”
“Besides flying backwards and the ground smacking my backside? No. Should I have?” She got to her knees, then stood. Clockwise offered his hand, which she took with thanks.
“Not necessarily,” he said as she shook her wrists out, dusted herself off. 
“Sometimes riders feel a rush of euphoria,” he went on. “Sometimes it’s a bit more subtle, a difference felt in your bones over time.” He shrugged. “Ready to get into the saddle?”
Tachyon chimed again, as if in anticipation. As if in that nudge he had deemed her worthy of the ornate saddle on his back. The close roar of wind, or a waterfall, and the distant chimes in the background, fell silent. The sea horse watched her. 
“You’re lucky,” said Commander Jelignite. “This is a very temperamental being. I was worried he’d reject you. But that little gesture of affection, and then the chime just now, tells me you’ll be okay. Now ... let’s get you up into the saddle. Please do everything I tell you, Ms. Singleton....”
“Okay,” said Maggie hesitantly, feeling the adrenaline ramp up. She peered into the huge onyx eyes of Tachyon the sea horse. “Let’s do this.”



Chapter 45
The Kathlin Rory Carrick Castle
Commander Jelignite had gone and mounted his own horse. He brought it up beside Maggie and looked down at her.
“Ready?” he asked.
Maggie nodded uncertainly. “I think so.”
“Then go ahead and touch him. Anywhere, it doesn’t matter. Good,” said the Supreme Commander. “Now close your eyes. Good. Tachyon needs to ‘touch’ the Living Aecxis within your soul in order for you to ride him. There are many ways to do that, but for me, I’ve found the best is to focus on what is most important in my life. So let me ask you, Ms. Singleton—and you do not need to answer me, only yourself: What are you willing to die for?”
The question was supremely easy for Maggie to answer, because the answer was so blatantly obvious. She thought: I’d die for Melody—and for Yaeko. I’d die for both of them—
—and had to suppress a yelp of excitement, because in that next instant her lungs felt infinite, her breath like the breath of the gods, powerful, eternal, potent like the fire of the sun ...
... and then it was gone, and she opened her eyes, glancing up with surprise at Clockwise. He nodded knowingly back at her, a wild, lopsided grin lighting his face.
“Pretty cool, isn’t it?”
But before she could answer (her answer being: “Yes— and I’ve felt this before!”) he instructed, “Now say the word ‘mount.’ ”
She said, “Mount.” Then: “Whoa!”
Something invisible had scooped her up from behind and into the cool morning sea air. She looked about herself wonderingly as she was softly dropped into the ornate saddle behind Tachyon’s impressive head. When she grabbed the reins, the sea horse gave another of his disconcerting chimes.
Tachyon’s neck, where she sat, was as wide as the trunk of a regular horse, and felt nearly identical to such: velvety and smooth, and warmed by the sun. She sought for the stirrups with her feet, found them. She slipped her sneakers through the brass (gold?) fittings. They were snug. They must’ve been adjusted especially for her, she considered.
She was really going to do this.
“You’re a natural, Ms. Singleton,” called out Commander Jelignite, who brought his own sea horse behind Tachyon. Maggie noted that the three other Kumiyaay had fallen in behind as well. She was the leader.
“You’ll be taking us there, Ms. Singleton,” he said.
She looked over her shoulder. “But I don’t know which island Aedan lives on.”
“That’s okay. Tachyon does. When you’re ready to go, let him know. Tell him what you want, and he’ll take you there. But be very, very clear about it. Leave no room for confusion. Understood?”
Maggie turned around. Tachyon was righting himself, coming about to point towards the sea. The sea horses behind the king’s mount were chiming in anticipation. Her grip on the reins doubled up again. 
She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and then thought:
Tachyon, I want to go to the king. Please take me to him.
Tachyon chimed once more and gave an odd body shiver. He tilted scarily forward—then rocketed out towards the beach, accelerating hugely. Maggie was damn glad she had such a tight grip on the reins: her back slammed forcefully against the hump at the base of Tachyon’s fan as she shot just over the top of a breaking wave. And then, in a smooth arc to infinity, the king’s sea horse whooooooshed! upward, taking her with him. The Pacific Ocean shrank frightfully away beneath her, the wind a deafening roar in her ears, her hair plastered to her skull. She thought her head would soon be ripped clean from her shoulders, but the force of the oncoming air suddenly and simply ceased.
Her ears popped, then popped again. She was aboard a living jet, one semi-translucent and reaching for what surely had to be suborbital altitude. She chanced a glance back. Clockwise and his Kumiyaay were just behind her, following dutifully. Tachyon’s form was shedding glowing white aecxes outlined in sparkling blue. They trailed off his body like gas off a comet.
The sea horse gradually leveled out, flying horizontally, thousands of feet above the blue Pacific Ocean. The air rushing around the invisible bubble protecting her sounded like a muted rocket. She looked over Tachyon’s head, but couldn’t see past the clouds now drifting quickly beneath her. She looked left, then did a double-take and looked again—
The largest of the four Coronados Islands, the South Island, had already passed by. She was high enough that she could see over the steep ridge running the length of it; high enough, in fact, to take in the island’s entirety. 
On its far side were ships. Saeire Insu ships! Dozens of them, all clustered about or within a wide U-shaped port lined with expansive, vaguely Romanesque buildings of what appeared to be dark wood and milk-white stone and surrounded by a small forest of very large green shade trees. Several of the ships were just out to sea, close enough that Maggie could make out the emblem gracing their sails: a swooping seahawk between a pair of arcs that contained five stars each. 
Buildings! Ships!
But—how was that possible? The Coronados Islands were completely deserted! How could those ships—that huge port—even be there? The Mexican government would know of it! So would the American military, whose helicopters and border patrol and Coast Guard monitored every movement on or around them!
And tourists too! she thought. Tourists, who sailed around the islands all the time!
And ... and ... scientists! Weren’t they always conducting this study or that on the Coronados Islands?
Tachyon gave a wind-washed chime, then began his descent. Maggie brought her gaze forward just as the sea horse dipped into a puffy white cloud, surrounding her with a heavenly glow for a second or two, before bursting through the other side. The king’s mount angled left and down towards the North Island, the one farthest out to sea, and she completely forgot about the ships and port and buildings.
For the North Island had transformed ... she gaped ... into a tremendous stone castle. Made of the same milk-white stone of the buildings lining the port, the castle seemed to have grown out of the North Coronados Island like a living thing, from the very core of the island itself, shaped in such a way as to utilize the island’s long, ridged, mountainous shape to its greatest advantage. It made immediate sense to her mind, as beautiful designs seem to make automatic, even obvious sense, and it was then that she knew that when she took leave of the island later she would no longer be able to picture it any other way.
The castle’s dramatic architecture reminded her of Vanerrincourt, of the buildings she saw there, but not completely, not overpoweringly: the towers and spires and parapets and walls and windows had been crafted by an expert hand that had brought many other styles (Maggie guessed: Nine, perhaps?) into the mix seamlessly, beautifully.
As Tachyon slowed, she noted the presence of the same large trees that sheltered the sprawling port on the South Island. The trees were cottonwoods. Huge cottonwood trees. All over and around the castle.
She looked right, over the sea. There were more Saeire Insu ships out there. They were of a new design, one she hadn’t seen before, sleek and small; they patrolled the turquoise waters around this great structure, their sails full.
But—how? She hadn’t spotted them before she left the estuary; and they were easily large enough and numerous enough that missing them would’ve been impossible. How could they be there now? How could this castle?
She flew past a tremendous windowed tower, one so tall its top was hidden in clouds, and then over a beautiful bridge that spanned the island’s ridge and was connected to two smaller towers, one on each side of the ridge. She was angling gently down towards a beautiful courtyard in the fortress’ approximate middle, one surrounded by more of those towering cottonwoods. She thought of the great cottonwood tree in the front yard of her childhood home in Goodland, Kansas. These looked just like that one. Eighty or even a hundred feet tall, with huge, gnarled trunks, heart-shaped green leaves wide as a big man’s hand, and thick, rough, gray-brown boughs that spread high overhead.
The courtyard was easily large enough to receive her and the four other sea horses, which had assumed positions thirty feet above her and were following her down. There was a single man down there leaning on a cane and smiling proudly up at her.
Senor Luis Arroyo.
“His Excellency” waved up to her. Maggie waved unsurely back, feeling genuinely odd, realizing that this was in fact the first time she had ever met him in the flesh. Tachyon further slowed his descent, came to a hovering halt. The Kumiyaay settled around her and dismounted, floating placidly out of their saddles to the courtyard floor. They all looked expectantly up at her.
“Welcome to Kathlin Rory Carrick Castle, Margarita,” called Luis. “How was your first trip on a sea horse?”
“I think she set a rookie speed record,” commented Clockwise, nodding at Luis and then smiling crazily up at her. “Twenty-six miles in five minutes. Something like three hundred miles per hour. Not bad.” He told her: “I should’ve told you to calm yourself before starting out, Ms. Singleton. My apologies.”
But Maggie didn’t respond; she could only stare down at Luis. His presence, as well as the existence of this castle, took both her breath and her voice away. Luis must have sensed her overwhelm. He broke the silence with: “Margarita, to dismount you need merely think or say the word.”
Maggie, collecting herself with some difficulty, thought: Thank you, Tachyon. Dismount.
The sea horse gave one last chime, and she felt the gentle invisible hand lift her by the seat of her pants and float her away and down from the beast’s neck. A couple of seconds later she stood on the solid stone of the courtyard before her guide and friend. They stared at each other awkwardly. Finally Luis said, very earnestly, “I would rather die than harm you, Margarita. You have my word of honor as the king’s Healer. You have—”
But he didn’t get the thought out because Maggie stepped past it and into his arms, which came up in surprise. 
It was exactly what she needed to hear.
Luis said something like “Whuff!” and then added: “—my word, Margarita!”
She laughed and held him tighter. Her overwhelm—and her fear—were gone. At least for the moment.
She pulled back, grinned. “ ‘Your Excellency’...?” She raised an eyebrow.
He brought a leathery hand to her face, winked. “Can you imagine? Me, one of the higher-ups in a government. God help us all!”
“Aedan—Kieran—the king—would never choose anyone but the best,” said Maggie. “Isn’t that what you told me?”
Luis stepped back, took a bow. “You honor me.”
“It’s how I knew in the end I could trust you,” she continued. “I watched you and him at Espriella’s grave. I watched how you talked to him, how you looked at him. I could feel your words to him. I could feel them. And Espriella, Luis ... my God ... I felt your grief. I could feel your anger toward Necrolius ...” She went to say something else, then shrugged apologetically. “Thank you for putting up with me.”
“Do not apologize,” he said. “There is no need.” He smiled in understanding, then motioned with an arm. “Ready to see the king?”
“I am,” said Maggie. “How is he?”
“He is still unconscious, Margarita. He will be for another week or even ten days yet. He still has much healing to do. But by the grace of God, and by the miracle that brought him back to us, he will live.”
Maggie noticed that Clockwise and the other Kumiyaay had left the courtyard, leaving her alone with Luis and the sea horses, who floated placidly within its shady confines. There was absolutely no sign that anybody else occupied the castle. Maggie took note of the fact, but decided not to remark on it. Looking around, she said:
“This castle is so incredible, Luis. I can’t believe it. I—I just don’t know how it can exist, and ... and these cottonwood trees ... they’re ...” She stopped and stared at her guide, her eyes widening slowly.
“Oh my God. You already told me, didn’t you? You told me before I woke up! Antarctic Cottonwood! These are ... Antarctic Cottonwood trees! They must cloak the castle somehow, and the ships. My God ...”
“Yes indeed,” Luis said. “They do. We found the tree that ‘snows,’ the one Eleysius told the king to look for. We found them in the mountains surrounding San Diego over twenty years ago. Cottonwood seeds disperse most beautifully, embedded in balls of cottony fiber produced by the trees themselves. When winds come up, the seeds fly around and settle just like snow. We use that pleasant fact to cloak our kingdom.”
He glanced at Maggie wonderingly. “When I saw that large cottonwood tree in your front yard in Goodland, Kansas, I confess I felt an almost divine inspiration overcome me. It was as if I had been directed to the most profound soul, and that I should take great care in her presence to see that no harm ever comes to her. You, Margarita. You.”
She didn’t know how to respond to the compliment. She felt the weight of it drape heavily over her shoulders.
Luis must’ve sensed her discomfort, because he took her hand. “Come. Let us go to the king’s apartment. Our window of time is open only so long.”
He led Maggie, who goggled around herself, awed by everything she saw, to a large, vine-covered  rectangular portal at the base of another tower, this one perhaps fifteen or twenty stories tall. The portal was fronted by two brown-clad guards who came to attention as they approached, saluting stiffly.
“Do they have to salute you every time?” she asked after they had passed and were no longer in earshot of them, more to tease Luis than to get an answer.
“It is not I they are saluting, Margarita, but you,” he stated simply. “You outrank me.”
This gave her pause. She gulped. “Oh.” Then: “Do I salute back? I don’t know what to do ... I hope I haven’t insulted anyone ...”
“You have not,” said Luis as they descended a long and spiraling series of stairs, taking them deep within the great stone belly of the castle. The passageways they walked soon after were for the most part broad and high and lighted with torches mounted eight feet up on brackets, and lined with doors and artwork. She studied the torches: their flames were oddly regular and more white than yellow; they seemed to give off a fair amount of heat as well, disproportionately so for their size. Again she noted the total absence of other human beings. They passed another pair of guards as Luis led her through an unremarkable doorless entryway with beautiful alien symbols inscribed in the stone above it and into an empty, spacious room, circular and domed, the ceiling at least fifty feet above her head. The stone was smooth and elaborately painted and inlaid at regular intervals with gleaming silver broadswords.
Maggie said, “Wow.”
It was a room devoted to memorializing the great and terrible battle she’d witnessed between Conor’s infant nation and the mighty Gyssian navy.
The mural wrapped completely around her, arced high over her head. There were more swords up there, each with a horseshoe-shaped wooden ring girding them. (Maggie guessed: perches?) Up at the top was a ring of flags: what had to be the ten flags of the nations that made up the Saeire Insu. The painter had brought the battle here so dramatically that for a moment she felt it was happening all over again.
Luis’ voice seemed miles distant. “The Neptonians call it Tau Rin Agorni Isa: The Day of Fire and Ice. This memorial is for those who wish to come and honor those lost in the battle. It is a room of silence and solemnity. The swords you see around you were used in the battle. Their blades are inscribed with true stories of bravery and sacrifice made on that day. Go on, Margarita—take a look.”
Maggie stepped past her guide and up to the wall. Up close the mural offered extraordinary detail, as if the paint were magical (aecxal?) and could somehow offer her naked eye a view within the overall view, as it were. When she stepped back, the details she made out either weren’t there or were so diminished as to be almost invisible. She blinked heavily and walked to one of the inlaid swords.
This one was long and slightly curved, the blade easily as wide as her hand. The inscriptions on it took up its entire area, and were in a language she couldn’t read. But as with the mural, a small miracle occurred: it came clear to her then that she could read them; or, rather, that the inscriptions no longer appeared alien and foreign, but had transformed into perfect-letter English. She glanced back at Luis, who gave her an understanding smile and nod. She turned back to the blade and read:
“... before she died she slew the Tracluse captain ...”
Another blade:
“... five were trapped in the fiery cabin; Cylain used an axe to force the entry, whereby he pulled the Galens to safety ...”
And more blades:
“... died heroically in service to his new king and country ...”
“... could not overtake the vessel under the command of Zephyr High Captain Eogas ...”
“... brilliantly maneuvered the Tonnebem between the Gyssian flagship and the battered phalanx of the fleet ...”
“... despite his exhaustion, the Thesean used this blade to fight off the Tracluse, who had surrounded him and the defenseless Galens ...”
And more still. She went slowly around the room’s circumference, reading. Luis watched her steadily. 
There were backless stone benches next to the circular wall; after a time she backed up to one and sat down. Luis joined her. 
“There was a time,” she said quietly, “when I would’ve condemned the soldiers and warriors and the king and the tacticians and those who made the swords and cannons and warships. I would’ve condemned them all as evil. ‘Violence is always wrong.’ That’s what I’ve always believed. But ...” She looked at him. “... but sometimes ... sometimes it’s not. Sometimes it’s necessary and even right. But back then I would’ve felt all righteous and high and mighty and then spouted all sorts of nonsense at you; I would’ve slung out my book of Gandhi quotes—”
“A saint to politicians, and a politician to saints,” said Luis.
Maggie was shocked. “What?”
Luis chuckled. “Just my take on that particular Gaian. He was as much a dogmatist as any other. In his dogmatism he exhorted the Jews to go willingly to their deaths in the Second World War and the Nazi war machine. Many of his deeds were good, even great. But in the end, that little bit of information is pretty much all I need know about him.” 
He held Maggie’s gaze. “The king does not like violence; I do not; certainly no one I know in the Saeire Insu likes it; Commander Jelignite and his navy do not like it. We do not teach our children to be violent; in fact, we look at the violence in your media, the violence of how Gaians live their lives, lives lived as willing cogs to violent states and corporations, in utter horror, Margarita. We cannot believe billions—not millions, billions—are willing to live in such a way. We cannot believe Gaians allow the violence—yes, the violence—of allowing one percent to control over ninety percent of Earth’s resources, thus making the populace little more than indentured servants, slaves. Billions and billions of willing slaves. We cannot believe the violence of your military industry, the endless armaments, the weapons of mass destruction, produced relentlessly while tens of thousands of children all over the world starve to death each and every day. It is so easy to quote Gandhi,” he said, “while still working for the multinational corporation that genetically alters seeds so that the plants they produce mature and die, seedless, forcing poor farmers to starvation unless they buy more of those seeds each year. Perhaps what is needed is a more encompassing redefinition of violence, do you not think, Margarita?”
But she didn’t respond. She sighed.
“Come,” said Luis. “We are unfortunately on a schedule and must make haste.” He stood, hefted his cane.
Presently she stood as well. They walked across the room and out of it, her arm in his.
They walked in silence down more passageways and through more rooms, some large, some small and out of the way. Luis seemed to be zig-zagging his route. Everywhere they trekked, however, she noticed that no one aside from the guards stationed here and there appeared, no one popped out of the many closed doors they passed, no one was around to greet “His Excellency” as he went down this corridor, then that. Finally she couldn’t stand it any longer.
“Luis, seriously. Where is everybody? I mean, this has to be the largest castle on Earth—easily——and yet it’s completely empty!”
“It is for your own security, Margarita, and for the security of your daughter and Yaeko Mitsaki and her guardian,” answered Luis. “Everybody in the Saeire Insu knows of the Apprentice and awaits her coming; just a tiny, tiny handful know she has in fact come. We do this to protect her and you, obviously. But we also are doing it to buy precious time and to prepare. We are not a secretive people, but in this case, secrecy is absolutely essential. Do you understand?”
Maggie nodded, the implications of her lonely walk with her guide settling coldly inside her colon. To take her mind off them, she asked, “When will the Saeire Insu—I mean, the people—get to know?”
“Soon enough, I suspect,” said Luis with a laugh. “We have waited a long time, Margarita, and a secret like this can be kept airtight only so long, especially given the suspicious events of the past two weeks—the earthquake, the king’s injuries, just to name two.”
“I just can’t believe this castle. I just can’t.... It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. I can’t believe it exists ...”
“It was constructed in less than two years,” stated Luis without boasting. He noted her open-mouthed gawk and added, “I will have to share with you how that was accomplished, as well as the many stories surrounding its construction. They are very entertaining—and instructive. But for now we must complete our journey. We are nearly there.”
“I assume the answers have at least something to do with Antarctic Cottonwood?”
Luis smiled. “They do.”
“And you’ll tell me when—?”
“The stories and explanations are worth the wait, Margarita,” said Luis. “And the wait is almost over. But now is not the time to offer them. Here we are ...”
They had come upon more guards, four this time, who saluted as they approached. The guards stood two to a side before a huge, high archway blocked by impressive wooden double doors bound by wide bands of black iron. In the center of the doors was an utterly intimidating silver-metal seahawk at least ten feet tall, with arcs of stars made of the same metal above and below it. The dripping talon was at the height of Maggie’s head, seemed to be reaching for it. One pair of guards detached from their salute, came to large ring-handles, which they pulled, stepping away as the doors swung ponderously and silently open, the seahawk splitting neatly in half. Luis motioned with his arm for her to step through, which she did. She didn’t hear the doors close behind her.
She had stepped into an enormous, cavernous auditorium, one easily large enough to hold an audience of, say, eight or even ten thousand. Rows of cardinal seats rose in artful tiers behind her, to her sides. Before her, and at the foot of a dozen or so stairs, spread more seats, which broke upon an aisle bordering a wide, curving, raised stage. At the back of the stage was a marble dais. On the dais were stately high-backed chairs—eleven, to be exact—five to the left and right of a much larger, stair-mounted one. A throne. Conor’s throne.
Maggie chuckled involuntarily. Luis studied her.
It wasn’t a laugh of humor, of mirth, but of protection. If she didn’t laugh at this sight, she knew she’d be cowering before it. It hit her that hard.
The seats to each side of the throne came with a desk. Each desk had what appeared to be a lamp on it. She had only taken the slightest notice of them. She was looking behind the dais.
The rock that should have been the back wall of the auditorium had been cut away, exposing the Pacific Ocean in a strip perhaps a hundred feet wide by twenty tall. The surf without roared quietly in here, the acoustics of the room holding the sound, moulding it, sharpening it, directing it. An unseen seagull cried out there somewhere; Maggie felt she could identify its color and wingspan by the clarity this room brought to its lonely call.
“The Council of the Ten,” said Luis behind her. “That is the name of this hall. We are very proud of it.”
But Maggie, her breath shallow as a mouse’s, could only respond with, “A geometry teacher. That’s all I thought he was. A middle-school geometry teacher....”
Luis came to her side, reached for her hand, gently squeezed it. “Come, Margarita.”
He led her down the center aisle leading to the stage and dais. At the dais he turned right. Past it were more stairs, which they climbed. They came to another set of wide double doors under another huge archway. There were no guards here. An awkward, still moment passed. Maggie was about to ask if they should knock or something when a pleasant, smooth Voice sounded in her mind.
—Admit two, please.—
Her skin crawled.
Riparius.
She couldn’t help it: she glanced at Luis in horror. But her guide and friend either took no notice of it or (far more likely and wisely) discounted it altogether. In any case, she had no time to consider the possibilities, because the doors were opening.
The way forward was bright and sunny and lined with several Kumiyaay and other guards clad in differing types of uniforms. The guards opening the doors were cloaked in black, their cowls pulled up, their faces lost within them. In contrast to the other guards, they were weaponless. At the sight of Luis and his companion, however, the entire complement came to attention. Maggie noticed Clockwise among them. As they approached him, Luis said, “The way is secure, Commander.”
“Your Excellency.”
Luis and Maggie walked on alone.
This hallway was grand. To the left were floor-to-ceiling framed picture windows that opened on the hazy azure expanse of the Pacific Ocean a hundred feet below; on the wall to the right, more artwork. The corridor gradually curved in that direction. Here and there were small arrangements of chairs, suitable for watching the sunset, say; here and there the windows were open to let in the cool sea air. There were doors every twenty paces or so; they led out to balconies carved out of the cliff, each different and pleasing to the eye. The balconies were furnished artfully; plants and vines completed each, giving them a distinct homey feel. There were neat arrangements of flowers on many of the balconies’ tables; some of the balconies also came occupied by more of those black-cowled guards, who stood facing away from them, looking steadily out over the sea.
Maggie, for what was probably the fiftieth time today, was once again overwhelmed. She hadn’t noticed that the hallway had constricted in stages as she and Luis made their way down it, until it was no wider or higher than any normal hallway in any very well-appointed mansion. By the time it had occurred to her, she stood before one more set of double doors. Two Kumiyaay stood before them, and saluted at their approach. There were others here as well—what surely must be the king’s apartment—but these were modestly garbed, not part of the military. Sure enough, they did not salute. Several glanced at her, their eyes filled with wonder.
Luis motioned one to him. “Any changes I should be aware of?” he asked the young man.
“No, Your Excellency. He is still resting peacefully.”
“After we finish here, I would like to discuss ...” And then Luis and his charge launched into a quiet technical conversation that lasted several minutes before the young man nodded at his superior and then left, along with the others. Luis glanced at the Kumiyaay. “You are dismissed,” he told them.
The Kumiyaay gave a smart salute, and then they too were gone. He turned to face Maggie.
“Before you go in, Margarita, you need to know something. The king looks worse than he actually is. You must prepare yourself.”
“Will he be disabled?” asked Maggie, finally voicing a worry she’d carried all the way here.
Luis shook his head. “No. He is incredibly lucky. By all rights, he should be.”
“The luck of the Irish?” she asked without a trace of humor in her voice.
“No doubt,” said Luis, smiling sadly. “On the subject of luck, there is something you need to know.”
She looked at him, waiting. His expression was very grave.
“It is not just the king who is lucky, Margarita,” he said. “What happened to Melody and Yaeko was unprecedented. You are ready to hear this, and so I must tell you: they, like the king, should be dead.”
He watched her carefully. “Did your daughter confirm to you her confrontation with Necrolius?”
Maggie nodded stiffly.
“One does not survive an encounter with the Black Coffin, Margarita. Not even the king. Not with the power the emperor commands today.”
She took a deep breath, tried to calm her insides. She hadn’t let herself think of the reality of the situation, the impossibility of it all, the terrifying thought that her daughter came within a hair’s breadth of death and, miraculously, had survived to tell her about it later.
“I just thought ... I mean ... I didn’t think of it,” she admitted. “I guess I was too scared to.... I ... I was just so grateful to see her again. I guess I figured it was the Eleysian Teardrop that had saved both of them somehow. Melody mentioned it ...”
“It was not the Teardrop,” said Luis.
“Then ... what could have saved them?”
Luis stared at her. He shook his head.
“We do not know,” he said quietly. “Nor do we know how the Young Master was with Melody. The bonds of their friendship are very powerful. I have never seen its like. Their friendship somehow preserved both their life forces when by all rights both should have perished. Their souls somehow—and for reasons we cannot fathom and probably never will—crossed the Tangent together and went to the Sankyan Wilderness, a forbidden land on Aquanus.”
“Melody mentioned that name,” said Maggie, struggling to keep the motherly panic within her at bay. “And so have you. What is the Sankyan Wilderness? Where is it? Why is it forbidden?”
“I cannot answer these questions just now, Margarita,” shrugged Luis apologetically. “There simply is not enough time. And the answers in any case would not bring you any aid or comfort. What can and will bring you some measure of comfort is that they survived not just the unsurvivable—the Wilderness itself—but another unsurvivable in Necrolius, who was waiting for Melody there. What will not bring you comfort, unfortunately, is that we have no idea how they managed it, or how the king survived both as well, or why Melody and Yaeko went there. What is known for certain is that Eleysius’ soul was not responsible for saving them, protecting them, and bringing them back.”
“But how do you know that?”
“Because the Samanlainen’s soul is not remotely powerful enough to do such a thing, Margarita. To be sure, it contains enormous, awesome power, power we have used to do everything from build this great castle to rebuild the Pier to a thousand other amazing feats. By human standards, the Eleysian Teardrop’s power is, for all intents and purposes, without limit. But not even the Teardrop could do something like that, something so powerful that ...” He trailed off, shaking his head
Maggie instinctively knew that it was a rare thing to see this man speechless, as he was now.
Still shaking his head, he said, “Something grabbed the king at the very moment of his death, grabbed Melody, even grabbed the Young Master—and brought all three back, sustaining the king’s faltering life while somehow safeguarding the other two across thousands of miles and a dimensional portal—the Tangent. Thousands of miles and the Tangent. Free and bodiless souls, Margarita! Do you understand how impossible that is? Free and bodiless souls! And one was standing on death’s very doorstep!”
Maggie didn’t know what to say beyond, “Thank God for whatever it was ...”
“Indeed!” said Luis emphatically. “Indeed! There are Academicians who have been apprised of the existence of the Apprentice who, only partially joking, have commented that it had to have been God himself who brought them back, because only God could wield such frightening power.” He exhaled audibly. It was an exhale of awe from a genius Healer who was used to brilliant and spot-on deductions, now left utterly clueless. An exhale that sounded like he’d been punched in the stomach.
“It is time, Margarita,” he said, patting her shoulder. “You have thirty minutes. I very much wish I could give you more time—but I cannot. The king is in need of further treatment, and the Healers need to work uninterrupted. The castle’s business as well should not be postponed for too long. I will be waiting for you right here. If you need me, please do not hesitate to call me. I will hear you.”
Maggie nodded without speaking, took a deep breath, then turned and approached the closed double doors. Pushed down on the handle of one. The door gave a tiny click, swinging inward easily. She stepped through it and into the king’s dimly lighted bedroom, Luis’ incredulity still clanging violently against her spirit. She closed the door behind her.
~~*~~
Aedan Conor lay on his back on a large, wide bed, his arms at his sides. He was naked save for a strip of white cloth laid across his hips. He was covered in patches of cracked black, head to toe: the frozen, crawling, evil black wrought by Necrolius. Maggie approached the bed slowly, sat on the chair next to it. She stared at the unconscious man before her.
“Oh, Aedan,” she whispered helplessly. The sight before her was as bad as she thought it would be. Worse.
“I am so sorry ... I am so sorry ...”
Blood oozed from some of the cracks in his flesh. She noticed that his face was covered with a very thin, sheer material, his eyes bandaged over. Patches of his hair were missing; large patches of his beard, too. He breathed deeply and slowly, but his breath was like that of a man with a severe head cold. It went in and out nasally and whistling, as though the blackness had consumed his lungs as well.
She went to reach for the hand nearest her. Stopped. If there was a color blacker than black, such was the color of that hand. There wasn’t even any blood oozing from it. It hadn’t even reached that stage of healing. It seemed absurdly impossible that it ever would.
She looked away, sickened.
There was a long period of time where everything seemed to cease for her as she sat there in the semidarkness. There were no thoughts in her mind, no images, no worries, no plans, no desires, no cares. Her body had gone numb, too. She sat there, insensate even to the idea of sitting, of assuming a sitting posture, or a posture of any kind. She wasn’t aware that she moved her chin every now and again, that her eyes were still open, that the king’s bedroom was simple and spacious and airy; that large, heavy drapes covered high, wide windows that must look out over the sea; that the single light source in the room came from an open pocket watch sitting on the opposite bedstand, a light source slightly green in hue; that on the far wall was hung a large painting, a portrait of a gentle-looking older woman with gray hair and deep-set blue eyes and a slight smile on her face (his mother Kathlin?); and next to it, a portrait of the aged V. Exeter Chaundran, his grandfather. Over the bed was a painting of what looked to be a sprawling and beautiful palacial estate, an Empress rising majestically over it, blue and hazy with deceitful distance. There were knickknacks spread over tables here and there; and there, in the far corner, by the drapes, was a desk. It had stacks of papers on it. And something else. Something silver that glinted dully in the odd greenish half light.
Maggie came to herself, stood. She went to the desk. The silver thing was a mathematical compass. A wooden ruler lay next to it. The stacks of paper were homework sets clipped and separated by class. She reached for one. Melody’s name peered at her from the topmost page, her handwriting and work covering it. Aedan Conor the geometry teacher had given her a 96 percent, along with a smiley face and a comment: “Well done, Melody.”
The numbness was suddenly and impactfully gone. It was as if those words had electrified every nerve in her body, as if they granted every following thought some extra dimension of importance, every observation, every glance, every blink of her eyes becoming earth-moving, overbearing. She clutched the stack with shaking hands; and then she was sitting at the desk and poring over the papers, compulsively thirsty to read his comments to the other students.
“Side-Angle-Side is for SASses, laddie; Angle-Side-Side is for ASSes.”
“Nice construction, Emily. Nice, steady hand.”
“Circles have 360 degrees, Jorge. Not 180.”
“You want a B, Claire? Try this extra credit, just for you. Not hard, so give it a go!”
“The square root of eight isn’t ‘something,’ Donny. Nice try, though. Good chuckle you gave me.”
And as she read, Luis’ disbelieving words echoed louder and louder in her soul; and she felt her eyes well up and spill over, and she returned to Melody’s paper, over and over and over again, and then she’d go back to the others and read more; and when she finished with that stack she went to another, then the third, and then the fourth. And when Luis came to fetch her thirty-five minutes later, and found her sitting there, her head in her hands, students’ homework papers strewn haphazardly all over the desk, she felt the numbness soak through her again with his concerned grasp on her shoulders, and was glad that it did.



Chapter 46
Jim Snelly
The 946 bus turned right on San Diego’s Mesa Lejano Boulevard at 10:13 pm, the glare of its headlamps washing out the yellow digital overhead display that announced it as such. It lumbered ahead slowly, gaining speed reluctantly, the rising bass whine of its motor hollow and shrill. The bus was an old blue-and-white, made in ’95, a long rectangular box on wheels, natural-gas powered. The cold white flourescent interior lighting bleached the color from the navy seats and the only passenger aboard, a lanky Hispanic boy in a black T-shirt and tan knee-length pants. The driver, shrouded in darkness, wore a gray ski cap and the standard blue operator’s uniform. On the plexiglass partition behind him was the sign:
YOUR OPERATOR
JIM SNELLY
Jim Snelly was an older man of average height and build, and completely bald. New riders boarding his bus generally took no notice of him—until they caught him glancing back at them.
“Like a moth pinned to cardboard,” said one aged passenger to another. “He’s got you.”
To which the other passenger replied: “Ain’t never heard a blue pins before ...”
Veteran riders knew that Jim Snelly’s blue eyes missed nothing.
Snelly’s piercing gaze was just one of the reasons why riders who boarded his bus were very well-behaved, even hardened gang members catching a ride from one point of their turf to another, even if minutes earlier they’d trashed another bus and terrorized the passengers and driver. They would go to step on Snelly’s 946, catch a glimpse of those blue eyes lasering back into them—and then, like obedient schoolchildren, quietly board the bus and take their seats, saying little or nothing to each other, sitting up straight, even moving for elderly or disabled passengers. Getting off, they’d sometimes call out, “Later, Eagle Eyes!” Snelly didn’t mind the nickname. Looking into the rearview mirror, he’d nod very slightly back at them, his no-nonsense expression unchanged.
There were other reasons.
Jim Snelly’s buses always ran on time. In twelve years of working for the Downtown Transit Authority, he’d finished a route late only twice. When Jim Snelly was on the job, you could set your watch by him—which, unbeknownst to him, many of the poor, bus-dependent retirees in the neighborhoods he drove through actually did. Still others cracked open their barred bedroom windows late at night just to hear his bus whine on by. They felt it was a risk, living in the crime-ridden barrios they did—but a worthy risk. Because Jim Snelly made them feel safe and secure.
Years ago, the powers that be at the DTA had made the nighttime 946 route exclusively his—an unprecedented action. Drivers were routinely rotated throughout the San Diego metro area—but not Jim Snelly. In back-to-back weeks several drivers running the nighttime 946 had been killed by gangs, and soon other drivers balked at taking the route altogether. It was dangerous enough during daylight hours, they argued; why not get rid of the nighttime schedule completely, if not the entire route? But the neighborhoods the 946 serviced rose up in outrage to challenge the DTA, who appeared ready to accede to the drivers’ demands. Threatened with legal action by a now-united and very boisterous group of riders, mostly elderly, the DTA backed down from eliminating the 946, but was left with a genuine quandary: what driver in his or her right mind would want to drive it? It was decided that the day drivers would receive two armed security guards for each run, but the DTA still balked at ponying up the funds necessary to provide protection for the single driver left to take the nighttime route. He’d be on his own—and driving through neighborhoods which, after the sun went down, even veteran cops thought twice about venturing into.
Who would be crazy enough to take that route? Drivers were still refusing: they too were threatening legal action. But then one of their own stepped forward and offered to take the nighttime 946. His name was Jim Snelly.
Upon hearing the name of the single volunteer, the protesters applauded—loudly. They knew Jim Snelly. Everybody in those neighborhoods knew or had heard of Jim Snelly.
When the DTA authorities informed Snelly he’d have an actual police officer aboard for the later runs, he growled, “Save your money. I don’t need them.”
They knew he was telling the truth.
Four years earlier, Snelly was running the day route of the 946 when a tall, skinny, African-American boy boarded his bus. Snelly knew the kid: he was a known meth addict and drug dealer. The boy took a seat at the back of the half-full bus as Snelly pulled away from the curb, staring into the mirror as he did. The kid looked positively terrified about something. When he abruptly jumped off the bus four stops later, Snelly knew exactly what it was. A large gang of skinheads—young adults, not kids—appeared suddenly from the blind side of a building, running straight for him, knives drawn, heavy black bike chains swinging in anticipation. They’d been waiting for him. The kid made a desperate break for a chain-link fence enclosing a trash-strewn lot, but it was too late.
The gang fell upon him the same instant the bus jolted to a stop, the front door slamming open.
Eyewitnesses weren’t sure what they saw in the ten seconds that followed. But what was consistent in the half dozen or so reports the police didn’t discount completely was that an unexplained pair of bright flashes occurred in quick succession—“Like camera bulbs going off real close,” said one breathless rider—(some also made mention of sparkling smoke of some kind)—and then, somehow, just like that the assault was over; and there, incredibly, in the middle of the fray was Jim Snelly. He was holding up the battered boy with one arm, his other arm poised and free for war, the skinheads scattered like limp twigs at his feet. Their own knives were stuck in their thighs, buried in their butts, their biker chains wound tightly around their necks. Several had brought handguns—these were later found dozens of feet from the fight, as though some furious tornado had snatched them from their grasp and flung them harmlessly away.
Snelly didn’t have a single scratch on him.
Word of his heroics spread like wildfire through the neighborhoods, which had thirsted for decades for a genuine hero to call their own. Overnight his buses were packed with passengers, old and young alike, who had waited specifically for him, even if it meant rescheduling their entire day. Somehow word would get out that Snelly was on the job: his bus today was number so-and-so; it had left the terminal at 9:14 or 11:31 or 2:07; check your schedules, he’ll be by at precisely this time or that time; if we want to do some shopping today, let’s wait for him at Velasquez and Fifty-Seventh, we can get a couple hours in and catch him going back before it gets too late. Other buses would pull up to a stop, the drivers astonished by the numbers waiting there, only to have the crowd wave them on. They were waiting for Snelly’s bus—due in exactly twelve minutes, one informed a driver. When the driver complained later, his boss grunted, “I’ve never heard an operator carp about having an empty bus before, Johnson. Quite the opposite. Quit your bitching and just be glad he’s making your job a whole lot easier.”
The DTA knew. “Eagle Eyes” made people feel safe and secure.
The DTA sent some of their bosses once to try to see how Snelly managed so successfully—and, if possible, to unnerve him. (They liked doing this to all the operators—and were quite successful at it.) But it was they who ended up unnerved, sitting quietly up front, afraid to ruffle the feathers of the steely-eyed driver making his way methodically from stop to stop, noting the cleanliness of his bus, the genial, ordered atmosphere, the way the passengers hurried on or off, the fact that Snelly never sped past posted limits to keep on schedule, never cut corners, never broke traffic laws. The bosses had set out to challenge him: one of the stops had been deliberately set up with four disabled individuals—two wheelchairs and two with walkers—one with three bags of heavy groceries. When Snelly pulled up to the stop, the bosses glanced at each other, grinning and nodding knowingly. But those grins dissolved almost immediately into open stares of astonishment. For the passengers, as if following some utopian daydream, reseated themselves to allow the disabled passengers to sit up front; several had promptly exited out the back door and had come around to help them board—one known gang member, renowned for his cruelty, had kindly fetched the groceries and waited obediently with them up front like the most eager-to-please Eagle Scout in the troop. Snelly himself had taken less than three minutes to secure the wheelchairs and rebuckle himself into his own seat, the chair lift retracting moments later. The delay had set his route back all of four and a half minutes, which had somehow magically dissolved by the time the bus pulled into the terminal. By that time two of the bosses were tapping their wristwatches in disbelief; the third, a crusty ex-driver, looked up to discover Snelly’s breathtaking gaze in the rearview mirror. Snelly was looking right at him, the slightest of smiles on his face—as if he’d known all along what was going on.
But there were no DTA bosses sitting on his bus this night. Only the Hispanic boy, who sat staring blankly out the window opposite him. The boy pulled the chord for the next stop, where he exited quietly, leaving the bus completely empty.
The first time Jim Snelly pulled into the terminal late, it was because of a seventeen-car pileup on the 54-5 interchange during a fierce midnight downpour, one that took the lives of six motorists when a diesel truck blew up.
The second time was to save a boy from being beaten to death by skinheads.
Snelly couldn’t have known that this run would be the third time he’d finish late. Much later he would run a traffic light, distracted, and be pulled over by the police, who would keep him sidelined for almost twenty minutes. He would make no effort to make up for the lost time. And it was all because of the very next passenger he picked up.
The stop was dark, almost pitch black, but he spied movement there anyway. He kicked on the brights, eased right and slowed. Stopped. Opened the doors. Glanced out.
There was a moment of frozen time, as though a hole had formed in the space-time continuum and was contained entirely in the stares of the two men looking at each other now. Outside that hole the universe continued to flow, seconds ticked on, men lived and died, seasons changed, wars raged, cities rose and were ground into dust, the planet hurtled and spun through sparkling space. But within the radius of these stares it was as though all motion had ceased, held captive by the gray-blue eyes of the one and the emerald-green eyes of the other, to be released only by the shared consent of both.
Finally Snelly barked, “Well, are you getting on or not?”
—And the hole collapsed. But not the stares, and not the understanding that had passed wordlessly between the two men. And despite the anger Snelly felt—anger that had simmered for over twenty years in his chest—he couldn’t help but feel the icy grip of terrible foreboding as well.
Because in two decades he hadn’t seen or spoken to this man once. And there could be one and only one reason why he was here now.
The King of the Saeire Insu slowly mounted the steps of the old blue-and-white, looked down at the driver glowering up at him.
“How much?”
He motioned towards the fare box.
“Two and a quarter,” said Snelly. “Make it quick, I’m on a schedule.”
Conor rummaged about in the right pocket of his black long coat, produced the change, fed it into the fare box. Snelly noted the black leather gloves he wore as well as his most uncharacteristically bald head and clean-shaven face. When the ticket popped up, Conor scissored it between his index and middle fingers, pocketed it without looking at it. He turned, finally breaking his stare, and sat in the frontmost seat—the one closest to the driver. Snelly turned the handle that closed the doors and, without saying anything more, pulled the bus away from the curb and back into the dark and deserted street.
For a long time there was only the hollow whine of the bus’ engine as it rose or fell or droned on, and the whispery zzzzzzt! of the digital sign above Conor’s head as its display lights periodically sped across it. Snelly refused to look Conor’s way. He pulled over for a pick-up, an old man in a tattered brown coat who greeted him with, “Good to see you tonight, Mr. Snelly ...”
Minutes later, after getting on a long stretch of straight road cutting through a dismal and lightless industrial section of town, Snelly, still refusing to look at the king, finally asked, “How did you find me?”
Conor didn’t say anything in return. Instead he fished into the right pocket of his coat, eventually pulling out a gold watch with chain. He flipped open the case. Eerie greenish light glowed forth from it. Snelly took his eyes from the road just long enough to glance at it. 
He said: “Something that Dreamcatcher came up with, I suppose?”
Conor nodded.
“It’s amazing you trust him. It’s goddamn amazing anyone trusts him.”
“He’s earned my trust,” said Conor shortly.
Snelly watched, grinning slightly, as Conor, grimacing, pocketed the watch. 
“You’re injured.”
“I’m cold,” grumbled Conor.
“It’s sixty-five out. You’re injured. You’re hiding it.”
A devilish eyebrow lifted on Conor’s beardless face as he glanced left at the plexiglass partition, then back into the mirror. “Nice alias ... James.”
Snelly brought his attention back to the road, slowed to a light. “I’d make quick work of you.”
“Then shut your cakehole and get on with it, why don’t ye!” roared Conor. “I’m not going anywhere!”
Snelly glared into the mirror. He gave a single contemptuous chuckle. 
The old man sitting halfway back couldn’t believe what he was watching—what he was hearing. Snelly never spoke beyond the shortest, sternest courtesies to his riders. And the man sitting there, challenging him ... even the drunkest, blindest bum down Arnie’s Alley could see that this was no ordinary man. The old man felt that should he walk between them—the other rider’s eyes were, unbelievably, just as intense and intimidating as Snelly’s—that he’d be reduced instantly to ashes. The old man wished he’d sat closer—his hearing aid was already at maximum, but the conversation was still too maddeningly muddled to catch every word—but decided not to move up. It would be too obvious. Hell, he thought, nothing escaped Snelly’s attention. And he knew somehow that the same was true for the regal-looking man as well. They’d both probably already surmised what he was about, what he was thinking, what he wanted to do.
The old man leaned forward nonchalantly and cocked his ear, listening intently over the bus’ incessant whine.
But for many minutes there were no words. Snelly had broken off from the glaring contest, his gaze fixed back out on the dark road. The other man had sat back in his seat, staring impassively out a side window at the slums and factories that passed by.
“What’s her name?”
The dignified-looking man in the black long coat continued gazing out, his face like stone. The old man was beginning to think he hadn’t heard Snelly’s question when he answered with, “Who are you talking about?”
“You know exactly who I’m talking about,” snapped Snelly. “ ‘The Apprentice’—the reason you’re here. What’s her name?”
“What do you care?”
“I don’t care. I’m just trying to make polite conversation. That’s the only low mark I get on my driver evaluations, you know—that I’m not personable enough with my riders. I’d really like to rectify that problem. How am I doing?”
Conor gazed at the old man sitting halfway back who was gawking at him, glanced back into the mirror. He gave a punctuated half sigh. “Melody.”
“Age?”
“Thirteen.”
“You’re sure she’s the one?”
“She has to be.”
“Why do you say that?”
“She singlehandedly destroyed a Mephastophian. She Solved it.”
Snelly snorted. “Yeah, right. You saw this?”
“No. I felt it.”
Snelly shook his head, said, “Okay, I’ll bite. How could you ‘feel’ it?”
“I could feel it because at the time I was in the clutches of the bloody emperor, and I could feel the power loss to whatever passes for his being. It wasn’t just the demon’s death—Necrolius lost something more at that moment, something vital. It probably slowed him enough for me to get saved by ...”
Silence.
“Go on,” said Snelly.
But the king said nothing else but: “She’s the one.”
Snelly merged the bus onto the 54, accelerated. Over the high wail of the engine he presently said, “Ol’ Flaglyas has finally found a way past the Tangent?”
“No. This took place on Aquanus.”
“The Apprentice is Aquanian?”
“Gaian. She lives in Imperial Beach.”
Snelly shook the irritated confusion off his face. “And now it’s time to come and fetch me so I can lead your two hundred thousand Saeire Insu lunatics on a suicide crusade to reclaim Aquanus. Thanks, but I’ve found complete career satisfaction driving this rig and making $14.74 an hour.”
“That’s not why I’m here.”
Snelly waited.
“Well?”
“You were my Tesche once ...” said Conor, glancing sideways into the mirror.
Snelly grunted. “No. Not a chance in hell. That’s even worse than leading your lunatics. No way.”
“She needs your help.”
“Forget it.”
Snelly jerked the bus right onto an exit ramp, waited at the light, took a left. There was a deserted stop under orange lights on the other side of the overpass; upon approaching it he yanked the wheel hard right, jammed on the brakes. The door opened.
“Get out,” he ordered.
“Go to hell,” rumbled Conor.
Threatened Snelly: “I’ll beat your royal ass ten different ways before you can even blink.”
Conor nodded dispassionately. “I came here prepared for that,” he said in a low voice. “I knew the risks. I won’t struggle; and I won’t use my powers either to defend myself or to harm you.” He held up his gloved hands. “You’ve got a free go at the king himself. You’re right—I’m injured. So shut up already, ye cranky tosser, and get on with it!”
The elderly rider sitting halfway back couldn’t believe his ears. He had missed his stop—it passed two stops ago—but he didn’t care. He’d jumped on the bus to grab a fifth at the liquor store, but this was much better than a good, stiff drink. He knew somehow that what he was listening to was of stratospheric importance. He reminded himself for the fourth time to stop goggling at the men, who were sizing each other up. Was a fight about to erupt? Wow, he thought, excited, wow ...
But with a sharp laugh Snelly shut the door and pulled back into the street. As the bus accelerated, he said, “You know where you can stuff your Augustus Rycheus, don’t you...?”
“You’re the one who taught him to me. So presumably the same place you got him from,” riposted Conor flatly.
Snelly laughed again. This laugh, however, was quite genuine, free of anger or malice. The elderly rider noted a likewise smile barely grace the face of his kingly passenger, and knew these two were once close friends. But something had torn them apart. The light moment didn’t ease the tension between them; if anything, it added to it. 
“You want me to teach this girl, Melody, the Daen-Cer-Tain?”
“More,” said Conor. “I want you to teach her what you taught me.”
“Yeah, that really took, didn’t it?” said Snelly, his voice dripping with poison. Conor’s visage darkened considerably. Snelly noted such, said, “I’ll pass, thanks. Have one of your Kumiyaay do it. Have that kid Clockwise fill in. Didn’t you say you were going to teach him the Daen-Cer-Tain? He’d be fine, I’m sure—”
“You just can’t let that go, can ye?” said Conor, shaking his head. “Not even after twenty years. Ye refuse to bloody well see that I had to break the O—”
“You’ll shut your mouth and fast about that horseshit, Highness.”
“I think not,” Conor retorted. “You’re probably right, though—I should just get one of the Pier Guards.... Hell,” he groused, “an actual gull’d probably do better than you. Thanks for the tip.”
“Kiss my ass, Highness.”
“The same ass you’ve got Augustus Rycheus stuffed? If I get on my knees and pucker up, will I learn something new?”
Snelly ignored Conor’s barbs. Instead he said, “Have you abandoned your charge, Sire? Is it not your responsibility to teach this ‘Apprentice’? Isn’t that what the Samanlainen told you to do?”
“He told me to be a teacher first, a king second. I’ve done that. I’ve done that for twenty-two sodding years. I’m doing it right now.”
“By calling for a substitute? Brilliant, Teach!” snarled Snelly. “Got some lesson plans for me to follow, have you? Do I give out bathroom passes? Are there truant officers? Can’t I just send her to the principal?” He chuckled. “Then again, substitute teachers make squat. I’d rather drive a bus.”
If Conor heard his rejoinder, he didn’t show it. He’d resumed staring out the bus’ side windows at the slums and industrial parks that loomed like desolate ghost towns out of the gloom and were quickly consumed again by it. His face was drained of emotion, his eyes heavy and tired. After a time, he said, very quietly, “I’m not good enough. I know it. Eleysius commanded me to spare nothing in Melody’s training—nothing. He was quite clear on the matter.”
He glanced into the mirror. Snelly was already looking back at him. “You ... you trained me. You trained me when I didn’t think I could walk again. Mum had died and ... you came to me. You were there for me. I ... ” He took a deep and discouraged breath. “... I never properly thanked you for that. If tonight be a waste, then allow me to do that now.” The king bowed his head. “Thank you, Tesche ...”
Jim Snelly didn’t know what to say. Because he knew as surely as he was sitting here, driving this bus, that the king wasn’t thanking him for services rendered so long ago, but was issuing an apology for his end in the fight that had torn them apart. He honestly thought he’d never hear it. Twenty-two years later, there it was, simple as sunshine. He took a few moments to collect his wits, then said:
“You expect this touching show of gratitude to win the day, do you?”
Conor noticed that Snelly’s eyes weren’t filled with malice or snideness, but cold, clear honesty. It made him feel much better somehow, even though those eyes told him without question that he would fail in his objective.
“No,” he said.
An odd, uncomfortable silence followed. Uncharacteristically, Snelly felt a compelling urge to fill it. Quite randomly he asked, “Melody is grief-stricken as well?”
“No. She’s a happy young girl,” replied Conor. “She has no grief ...” He blinked and looked down suddenly, as though something bright and shiny had just dropped in his lap. “Though now you mention it, for some reason it seems ... she ...”
“She what?” insisted Snelly.
“Nothing,” said Conor, discomposed. “Nothing ... I just ...” He looked up. “A feeling just overcame me is all ...”
“What feeling?”
“Nothing,” said Conor, shaking his head. “Nothing ... Just lost a bit in thought ...”
Snelly had seen that haunted look from the king only one other time. It would take the Dreamcatcher to take it away from him. He considered the significance of that for a moment before deciding to press on.
“I’ve got a question for you, Highness—and please understand, your answer won’t sway me one bit. I’m just curious about something.”
“Go on,” said Conor, his demeanor once more pointed, attentive.
“Why.”
“Why what?”
“We’re way past playing games, Your Majesty. You damn well know what I’m asking you. I want an honest answer. Why.”
“I can only assume your question has to do with my ‘suicide crusade’ and the ‘lunatics’ I’ll be leading on it, am I right?”
Snelly waited.
“I take it you believe it hopeless.”
“Not hopeless—pointless.”
“Pointless.”
“That’s what I just said. Pointless.”
“Pointless because...?”
The bus had been idling for a while at a red light. Snelly waited until the light changed green and he had let off the accelerator ten seconds later before answering. “Look around you, Highness,” he said. “Look at the degradation. Look at the corruption. Look at how Gaians treat this world, how they treat each other. Before I took this job twelve years ago I traveled this world. I wanted to see it. I did. These slums are the rule, Your Majesty. They’re everywhere.
“Everywhere I went I saw the same thing: corruption, indifference, nepotism, violence, indolence, slavery. Greed, and more greed, and more greed still. Billions of people living like parasites. ‘Consumers,’ they call themselves. Does that not ring a chilly little bell, Highness?
“You want to save these people? I am forced to ask you why. They are little more than the Black Coffin himself. They are soulless and ravenous. Necrolius will overcome that Tangent and come to feed on the spirits of six billion Gaians, and you know what’ll happen next? He’ll starve to death.”
Conor’s voice was cold and hard as iron. “Do you really believe I’m in any way concerned about them?”
“Aren’t you?”
“Why should I be?”
“ ‘Let the dead bury their dead,’ eh?”
“He was right.”
“If you don’t mind me saying so, Sire, you make a really lousy debate opponent.”
“Because you believe you have proven your point—that it is in fact pointless to continue on, to try to reclaim Aquanus and stop that evil gnat.” Conor grinned sadly. “But I have merely grabbed the hilt of your own sword, Tesche. Believe me, I have not tortured myself for twenty years in a Gaian secondary mathematics classroom teaching triangles to apathetic, drug-addled teenagers, or rebuilt the Saeire Insu fleet, or that Pier, or raised the castle ...”
“There’s a castle?” asked Snelly, surprised.
“There is,” nodded Conor. “There is. You’d have won the debate had I conceded that I’d done all that for the vast mass of men and women who refuse to see past the ends of their noses, who live so stupidly, so vapidly. But I am not doing it for them—and so my mission is not pointless. Quite the contrary, in fact.”
When Snelly didn’t bite, Conor decided to speak on. It felt good to open up. He hadn’t, not really, not in a very long time.
“I watched the President of the United States’ State of the Union speech on the television the other night,” he said. “I watched it. I listened to it. And do you know what I saw, Tesche? I saw the leader of the this world’s most powerful nation lie, smirk, lie some more, attempt to justify his illegal wars and incursions, lie more about the drain of resources necessary to continue them, smirk more, snivel more, lie, lie, lie ... And here’s the kicker, mate. I saw the man’s aecxis. If I had wanted, I could’ve snapped my fingers from where I sat in Imperial Beach and stopped his reedy little heart. Through the television, Tesche! No one would know. They would call it a heart attack. They’d bury that psychotic chimpanzee, and millions of innocent lives would be spared. Millions.
“Pointless is my mission, ye think? Not if I factor weak-kneed unbeings like him out of the equation, it isn’t.
“And then the camera panned around Congress. And through the telly I could see the aecxis of almost every one of those blue-blood criminals as they stood there applauding their snot-nosed Dictator-in-Chief.” Conor snapped the fingers of a black-gloved hand. Despite the leather padding his still-injured fingers, the sound was nevertheless sharp, crisp. “Just like that I could Solve the entire sorry lot of them. With one snap of my fingers I could bring down this entire Infected government. I could bring down any government, Infected or not.
“But for what? Doing so would merely treat the symptom—but the disease would march merrily on in their Infected followers, in their ‘patriots,’ in their media ... and in their endless slums.
“With one snap of my fingers, Tesche, I’d become no better than the emperor himself. But Earth is dying because of ones like them. So—what do I do? Ye follow?”
Snelly didn’t look into the rearview mirror, only nodding somberly as he drove.
“You taught me restraint, Tesche. I ask you: How many other men, were they granted even half my powers, would exercise any restraint at all?” The cold, sharp edge of blue steel glinted across the his dark visage. “By the mere snapping of my fingers I could accomplish what Alexander the Great, Caesar, Attila the Hun, Genghis Khan, Napoleon, Hitler, Stalin, and Mao couldn’t with tanks and guns and millions of marching men, and what that simpering fool on the television longs to do today ...”
When he spoke again, it was very quietly, barely above a murmur. But Snelly caught it anyway. He tried to hide his alarm.
“I could rule this world ...”
Snelly forced a chuckle. He groped for words, said: “Instead you choose to be confronted daily by pimple-faced little wannabe gangsters and overconcerned mothers and petty public-school politics.”
Conor nodded once, staring like a sphinx straight ahead. His face still held that alarming darkness, was overcome by it, as though at long last it had found a crack in the facade and was now flooding out.
“She killed three of those wannabes several weeks ago,” he said grimly. “She was going to polish off the fourth, but I got there just before she did. In twenty years I hadn’t used my powers once against a single human being—” he thrust a stiff index finger up—“but I did after I Healed them. I froze them in their tracks. I told myself it was because I wanted to talk to them, to warn them away—which I did—but ... it was more than that. It was more. I wanted to turn them to ash, Tesche, for what they’d done to her best friend. I wanted to blast them from this existence. In twenty years and the hundreds of kids I’ve had to discipline, some for very serious offenses, this was the first time I was so tempted to let a few of them have it. I could see their aecxes. They were like goddamned beacons. It would have been so simple, so easy ...”
He looked into the mirror, met Snelly’s gaze. “But I didn’t. Instead I saved that foul lot. I let them scurry back to their overfed parents and the spoils of their middle-class American entitlement. There is one and only one reason why that happened, why they survived. You, Tesche. You taught me restraint.
“You hate that I broke my Oath. You hate that I lost the head and used my powers on the Gyssians. Can you not have some measure of pride that an Unbound Mathematician has for twenty years observed that very Oath without fail? I wore a crutch all those years on Aquanus—the Emasculatem—that ensured I wouldn’t break it. I wore it to honor you, your convictions, the training you granted me. And—your friendship. But it was a crutch. I couldn’t use my powers: breaking the Oath was then moot. Now, freed all this time, I have honored you even more highly. Will you not believe that? Will you not recognize it?
“She needs the same training, Tesche. She needs you. Please ...”
But Conor already knew Snelly’s answer; he’d accepted it long before he made his speech. He didn’t know why he had made it anyway ... but it didn’t really matter. It needed to be said, as though the words had no concern for any response, positive or negative, in their presence: they needed merely to exist here, now, in the order he spoke them, and with the precise urgency he suffused them with; once spoken, they could bounce off the windows of the bus and fade away in the motor’s shrill whine. Somehow, he knew, those words would still change the universe, if not in the way he wanted them to, if not in the way he needed them to. Something very deep in his spirit clung to that certainty like a man dying of thirst clinging to that first cup of clear, cool, sweet water.
“And the pointlessness of it all?” asked Snelly. “You still haven’t fully answered that charge, Sire.”
Conor shook his gloved fist. “She is the answer to the pointlessness of it all. She is. You’ll never be satisfied with that, because you’ll never know her. But if ye did, you’d know I’d just won this debate hands down. She is the answer. She is the victory.”
The aged passenger five rows back sat completely still and utterly spellbound. He had long ago given up any pretensions of not listening; he shamelessly gaped, open-mouthed, at the men now. He knew that later when he met up with his friends, that none of them would believe his story, would believe anything he’d heard. The name Jim Snelly was spoken in the bars and pool halls and pawn shops and parking lots fronting convenience stores and strip malls; it was a name spoken in these barrios in whispers of awe, of admiration, of respect. Like all legends, the stories surrounding him had fed his, had nurtured it and grown it. He had singlehandedly wiped out a gang of skinheads some fourteen strong; even more mysterious were the accounts of an anonymous bald-headed rescuer who had pulled injured drivers from their vehicles just moments before a fireball engulfed the pile-up on the 54-5 exchange years ago. The story tells of a driverless bus sitting idle a safe distance away from the twisted, smoking wreckage. No one knows if it was Snelly or not—no one ever stepped forward to take credit for the many lives that were saved. But no one in these neighborhoods doubted it was he. Whether or not Snelly knew it, and whether or not the many gangs here admitted it, these streets were his. Wouldn’t this conversation grow his legend even more?
The elderly passenger set himself on repeating what he’d heard as soon as he could down at Sharky’s, hoping that Nick and Low Down and Hector were there, hoping the joint was full so everybody could hear it. He hoped he could remember everything that had been said....
“I never took the opportunity to properly convey my condolences on the loss of your fiance, Your Majesty,” Snelly suddenly spoke up after a protracted pause.  He caught Conor’s look of surprise and added: “She was a sweet and beautiful girl. She would have made a fine queen. You took the time to thank me for mentoring you. Let me return the kindness. I’m very sorry that soul-sucking bastard got her.”
And Conor knew that his Tesche had just stepped up and apologized for his end in the fight over twenty years ago.
He nodded and looked down into his lap, suppressing the shocked smile trying to force its way to his lips.
“Is there a Mrs. King of the Saeire Insu these days?”
Still looking into his lap, Conor shook his head.
“No devilish-eyebrowed rugrats running around the castle, zapping the china, terrorizing the cat—?”
Another shake of the head, this one slow and considered and wistful.
“You?”
“Nah,” said Snelly. “Bus drivers aren’t exactly the Gaian cream of the crop, you know. Besides, what would I tell them?”
“Why would you have to tell them anything?”
“True,” said Snelly with a contemplative grin. “Very true. I guess I could just make up some story: I worked in the Peace Corps or something most of my life, something like that. Still—” he shrugged—“it’d be damn nice if I could just take a woman’s soul and plunk it down in mine just long enough so that she’d see my history, see that it wasn’t bullshit. Wouldn’t that be grand, Highness?”
Conor didn’t know what to say to that. (Luis Arroyo had spoken to him when he woke.)
“It would be,” he lied, not knowing what else he could say.
He sighed. “You can let me off next stop.”
“You got it,” said Snelly.
The next stop was through a short tunnel and across from a brightly lighted corporate park. Snelly eased the bus over, stopped. He opened the door.
Conor stood and took the two steps that brought him to the exit. He looked down at the man gazing back up at him. “I’ve got something for you.”
Snelly waited as Conor dug into the left pocket of his coat, pulling out a flat square, one wrapped neatly in gift paper, no bow. He handed it to his Tesche, who took it, unable to hide his surprise.
“I considered that my mission tonight was probably a fool’s errand, and perhaps it was. So I wrapped this for you. Her best friend is a musician—a violinist. A couple of years ago she recorded a CD. A bit amateurish, but—” Conor shrugged, smiled—“what can ye expect? She’s just a kid. But this CD ... If you would know the Apprentice without ever meeting her, Tesche, this CD would be the very best way to do it. Would you do me the honor of at least listening to it? One last task for your once-upon-a-time king? For your former student? For an old friend?”
Snelly hefted the square, looking at it. “For all three, Sire,” he said, nodding without a smile. “I’d be happy to.” And with that he shifted it into his left hand and extended his right. Conor took the hand and the men held the grip tightly for a moment before releasing it. Without another word the King of the Saeire Insu turned and descended the steps of the bus to the street, where he walked into the night, not looking back.
Snelly took one last look at the gift-wrapped CD before stuffing it into the backpack leaning against his seat. He glanced into the mirror at the old man sitting halfway back, who was gawking at him, then jerked the door closed and pulled back into the street. He passed Conor striding up the sidewalk. He didn’t honk or blink his brights, nor did he look into the mirror to locate him. Ten seconds later had taken a left onto a side street, his mind oddly fighting him as he tried refocusing it on the route.
~~*~~
It was almost 2:30 when he unlocked the door of his apartment, shutting it behind him. As he pulled the door to the fridge open to fetch a cold bottle of beer, he thought of the ticket the cop had handed him. He popped the top off the bottle and took a long, deep swig. The boys at the DTA won’t be too goddamn happy with me tomorrow, he thought, a grin lighting his face. He took another swig, kicked the fridge door shut, and made his way into the living room, plopping heavily in the lounger. He didn’t bother turning on the television or lights, but sat still in the dark, his face clean of all expression, only his eyes betraying the spark of the something deep inside him that had always been there for him, had always defined his person, had always set him apart from other men. Those eyes stared straight ahead, at nothing, really, but at everything, too.
He never thought he’d live long enough to become an old man ... but here I am, he considered. There was always another battle to be fought, another enemy to be vanquished.
Surely someone would catch me off guard one day, surely ...
But no one ever had.
He took another swig. He thought of women, how long it had been since he’d been with one. His pillow was a tongueless sibyl; perhaps the only thing capable of killing him was the emptiness that gripped him on occasion as he lay in bed, wrapped in darkness and listening to his heart beat, unable to sleep, snippets of his incredible life replaying time and again in his mind’s eye. At one time he had stood at the head of a mighty armada and the warriors looking to him to lead them to victory against dark forces many times stronger. Now he drove a bus. Both occupations had had no capacity to hold him or caress him at night; they were incapable of smiling at him in the morning; they couldn’t talk to him; they had had no ability to share in his dreams, his urgings, his hopes ... and—yes—his fears.
He got up to get another beer.
At the open door of the fridge he considered how he’d never had a child. It turned out Conor was as close as he’d ever get to raising one. He thought of Conor the boy. Even factoring out his fledgling powers, there was something to him, something special. The Gaian child looked at the world in a different way. A way that inspired others. A natural leader. But he had stiffly shunned that role as a young adult. It was only after he’d been called by his kingdom in its darkest hour to step up and lead that he did so, and then only with grating reluctance. He had wanted nothing more than to lead a quiet life as an Academic. He had wanted no role that imposed himself on others. But that was the role that had imposed itself on him.
The greatest leaders are always those most reluctant to lead, thought Snelly, wondering how the Saeire Insu had gotten along all this time, and if Conor the man—Conor the leader—Conor the king—had been as excellent over the long haul as Snelly suspected he’d be. He tipped the cold bottle in his grip, swallowed hard.
But he already knew the answer. Because any other leader would have sent envoys or messengers to find him, recruit him, wow him with his power, prestige, and wealth. Conor had shown up by himself, injured, without pomp, without power.
No doubts whatsoever. Snelly belched. “The bastard ...” He belched again, went back to the lounger.
Conor the boy had been quiet and studious and friendless. No, not friendless, thought Snelly, sitting. It was just that Conor the boy intimidated the hell out of his peers, who then walked wide circles around him. It wasn’t the fact that he was an adopted son of the most powerful family in all of Vanerrincourt; nor was it his powers. They had no idea he was a Mathematician. No, it was that look he’d get in his eye sometimes. 
The same one he gave me tonight several times.
He then thought of the Apprentice. Was she like her master? He chuckled. “Poor girl ...” And then he thought of the CD. He rose to get it, tearing off the wrapping paper as he returned to the living room. He looked at the cover. A pretty Asian girl was smiling at him, a violin at her side, a list of classical songs on her right.
He had never heard of Yaeko Mitsaki before. He was purely a jazz man—John Coltrane, Miles Davis, Charlie Parker, Duke Ellington—and as he placed the CD in the player, he grumbled, “You’re asking a lot of me, Highness ...”
He watched as the CD slid into the player, pressed the PLAY button, and returned to the lounger as the disc loaded. He took another drink of beer. “Here comes Sesame Street,” he murmured, prepping his ears for a screeching, tortured, “amateurish” violin.
But the music that greeted his ears wasn’t poorly played children’s music at all. The music that greeted his ears would have shocked him, were his reaction mild enough to be classified as mere shock. As it was, he affected no physical signs of such, merely placing the beer bottle in his hand slowly to his side and staring back out into space.
Seventy-four minutes later the disc ended.
He hadn’t moved an inch.
It was as though the silence that followed was part of the music itself, and so Snelly wasn’t aware that the CD player had completed its task until quite a while later. He came to himself, blinked, stood. Glanced at the player. He could face hordes of Necrolius’ darkest, most savage, most bloodthirsty demons—but did he have the courage to hit PLAY again on that goddamn player? Did he have a choice?
He stepped forward like a robot, his finger reaching out from his person as though it were no longer under his conscious control. He watched as it pressed PLAY again, and then watched as it pressed the REPEAT button that would put the CD on indefinite loop. He stepped mechanically back. It was only much later he discovered that he’d sat back down on the lounger.
Snelly had only one thought in the three hours and the many beers that followed. It came now, as he closed his eyes against the strains of a violin that surely wasn’t played by a human being, but by a god:
“Conor ... you sonofabitch ...”
Because Jim Snelly knew he had just been caught off guard.
The light of the new day was gathering as he stood before a somewhat alien-looking chest, one he’d pulled from deep within the hall closet and dumped on his bed.
A chest he hadn’t opened in twenty-one years.
He opened it. While the music played on from the virtuoso in the living room, the virtuoso standing in the bedroom reached inside, pulling up a shirt, short cape, and dark trousers. The white, blue, and green of the shirt and cape caught the orange-blue of dawn and held him fast. On the shoulder of the shirt was an ornate gold V pin with a cross overlay; he stared at it for a long time before draping the uniform over the chest's edge, reaching inside once more.
The broadsword he pulled out was an ordinary one by all rights. Still in its scabbard, the man who for two decades had lived sheathed by a different name grabbed the hilt and eased it out. The sun peeked over the horizon at that moment, and the blade caught the rays thirstily, as though it had been dying for the need of them.



Chapter 47
Sea Angels
The giant standing before Melody at the front door smiled down at her.
“Is your mother home, Melody?”
Melody had met this man before: his name was Bulldis. He was a Kumiyaay, like Carcaryn, like Sketch, like others she had yet to meet but who took regular shifts over her house as seagulls, as pigeons, sometimes (much less often) as pelicans or sparrows. They weren’t all Kumiyaay, she reminded herself: Kumiyaay were the elite of the elite in the Saeire Insu. Over the past ten days she had learned the names and as many of the stories and definitions that went with them as she could: Kumiyaay, Saeire Insu, Eleysian Teardrop (she had to unlearn Necrolius’ lies with that one), Tangent, Vanerrincourt, Galarrage, Gyss, and eight other nations she still couldn’t recite with comfortable certainty. She and Yaeko had harangued her mom every day for more information; they had been much less forward and insistent with the guards patrolling outside. The guards intimidated them. Especially giants like this one.
She shook her head. “She’s taking a walk in the estuary,” she said shyly. She ratcheted up her courage and asked, “Is it true ... er ... we’ve heard the other guards talking ... is Mr. Conor up now? Is he better?”
Bulldis nodded. “He is. He woke yesterday late. We are all very relieved.” His voice was a deep and gentle rumble, like distant thunder.
“Yes,” agreed Melody. “When can we see him, do you know?”
“Perhaps this is the answer to that very question,” said the giant, and he handed her a note. The note was on fine brown parchment and sealed; the seal was green and stamped with a very official-looking coat of arms. “I was told to deliver it immediately to your mother. Will you please give it to her when she gets home?”
“Sure,” said Melody. “Er ... thank you, Mr. Bulldis ...”
Bulldis smiled through his bushy red beard, saluted, then flashed right there. She jumped back, startled. She still hadn’t gotten used to it; and by the time she’d overcome her surprise the seagull that was Bulldis was long gone.
She closed the door and then went to the kitchen, all the way studying the note. What did it say? She turned on the light and held it up, squinting. No good. The parchment—there were several pages of it—was too thick to see through. She gave up; then, smiling, released it. The note floated inches above her nose. She took a deep breath, blew on it. The parchment sailed in a smooth arc to the kitchen table fifteen feet away, where it settled perfectly atop her mom’s other mail.
She then turned on her bare feet and skipped happily into her bedroom to put on her swim suit and grab her belongings for something new and exciting: a day at the beach with Yaeko.
~~*~~
“Mags?”
“They’re not here ...”
Elizabeth Finnegan looked around. “Who’s not here?” There was no one else in the estuary that she could see. “Were you expecting somebody?”
“Not somebody,” Maggie turned, her eyes wide with worry, “something.” She turned back around. “They were right here ... where we’re standing now. Right here, I’m certain of it ...”
Elizabeth had wondered why her walking partner started suddenly when they began their walk ten minutes ago; but Maggie had fallen silent, simply walking ahead, focusing intently on something well ahead of them. In the middle of the road some way along she abruptly stopped, glancing around herself.
“What are you talking about?” said Elizabeth, confused.
“The ... the cottonwood trees,” said Maggie. “They were right here ... they formed an archway ... Luis and I walked through them ... in my soul ...” she drifted off.
“There are trees here—in your soul?” Elizabeth was getting used to asking such questions and not feeling really weird or silly about it. She couldn’t help but wonder what the heck was in her soul—maples? Oaks? A nice Chinese Zen garden?
“Yes,” answered Maggie blankly. She walked to the edge of the trail and scratched around with her foot, then went to the opposite edge and did the same thing. “Nothing’s been uprooted.... You don’t remember seeing cottonwoods here, do you? Smallish ones, young, pretty leaves...? They formed an archway ... We walked under it when I agreed to walk with him. It seemed so normal, like they’d always been here.... I could’ve sworn they were ...”
“But you said the Imperial Beach in your soul was different than this one, didn’t you?” Elizabeth shrugged. “Perhaps the estuary is different, too.”
“Perhaps ...” breathed Maggie. She looked up. “I don’t know why this is bothering me. I mean, it hasn’t on our previous walks.... It’s odd that it just occurred to me they aren’t here....” She gave an affirming nod. “You’re right—things are different. Let’s walk on ...”
Elizabeth forced a smile. “Yes, let’s.”
They walked in silence for a long time before Maggie spoke again. “I’m pulling Melody out of school.”
Elizabeth held quiet for a moment, then nodded. “I don’t blame you.”
“It’s as though ... it’s as though I can see now. I can see, Liz, and it scares the hell out of me.... I mean, what if I hadn’t seen? The things that have happened to her and me are fantastic, a billion-billion-to-one shot. It’s only through the sheerest stroke of luck that I’ve come to these realizations. Had that stroke not happened she’d still be in that ugly, horrible, windowless place. She’d be getting crushed, more and more, every day, right under my nose. And if she complained, which she did every now and then, I would scold her: all kids have to go to school, I’d say. And she’d go the next day and get crushed some more.... But by some fantastic chance coincidence it seems I was chosen to be her mother, and so I got to meet Aedan, and Luis, and Yaeko, and ... and you ...” She stopped and looked at her walking partner and friend. “Would it really have required that billion-billion-to-one chance for me to see, Liz? And have I seen too late?”
Elizabeth smiled. It was a genuine smile this time, and came quite unbidden. “I don’t think it’s too late, Mags. I think it’s just in time. And as for that billion-billion-to-one chance, didn’t Luis himself say that you have a remarkable soul?”
Maggie nodded anxiously.
“I think that’s your answer, Mags.”
“Do you really believe that, Liz?”
“I really do,” said Elizabeth.
~~*~~
Maggie returned home an hour later to find it empty. She tossed her keys on the kitchen table, and that’s when she saw the note by Melody on top of the growing pile of unopened mail.
Momma,
Went to Yaeko’s. We’re going to the beach—I’ve finally convinced her to go—after we get some breakfast. We’ll be back later this afternoon.
Mr. Bulldis left a note for you. It’s beneath this one. He said Mr. Conor is up, so we can stop worrying now!
I love you!
XOXOXO
Bug
It felt as though a huge python, one that she had grown used to and forgotten existed, suddenly released its crushing grip around her chest. She took a deep, cool, intensely satisfying breath of air.
He was awake.
She reread Melody’s note. What am I going to say to him when we face each other again? she thought, a nervous, slight smile lighting her face. She took some comfort that it would probably be days yet before that happened: an entire kingdom was waiting for him, and its business, surely heavily backlogged by now, not to mention weeks’ worth of ungraded homework and whatnot connected to his teaching job. No, she thought, he’s got lots waiting for him, which means I’ve got time to prepare. She reached for the parchment, breaking the seal with a butter knife she used as a letter opener. It was a note from Luis. She sat to read it.
My Dearest Margarita,
It is with great sadness that I must take my leave of you, Melody, the Young Master, and her lovely guardian for a little while, as I must cross the Tangent in just a few hours at the next Zero for an important mission away on Aquanus.
Several of the king’s Sentinel Phantasme will be paying you regular daily visits, along with my two best Healers. They will want to speak directly to Melody. Please do not be alarmed by their presence; they will be there merely as a precaution. If Melody reports having bad dreams, or starts having frightening visions, please inform the Healers at once. We believe the Black Coffin may deploy Dreamcatchers to attack Melody’s soul, now that he has confirmed her existence; my mission is to make sure that Melody remains safe and sound. Again, there is no need for alarm: if Imperial Dreamcatchers have been deployed (and there is no intelligence that they have), they will be very near the Eastern Tangent. I will be able to find them. I will be crossing the Tangent to confirm Melody’s safety, and to aid the king in his planning.
The Healers will keep Melody safe; so too the Sentinels. Both fall under my direct command; both have my implicit trust and highest level of confidence. The Apprentice is in very safe hands.
I have enjoyed all the excellent meals you have cooked and the entertaining card games and the long, quiet talks we have had since you have woken. As for the confidential information you gave me during our last conversation—that of the presence of the Keeper at Yaeko’s bedside inside your Origin, and of her glowing violin, I have no answers at this time to give you. Both are true mysteries, and very intriguing indeed. Our enigmatic Harry Chin, to let you know, has gone missing. We have no idea what has become of him. We have search teams on both sides of the Tangent looking for him, but at this point have come up with nothing. His post, long titled “The Lighthouse Guardian,” is, as you can imagine, a sacred one, and is one he has carried out with unwavering loyalty for over twenty years. His absence has obviously concerned us all very greatly. Yours is the only “sighting” we have had of him. I have no idea why he would “show up,” so to speak, in your Origin, or why he would take such an interest in the Young Master. I will be considering all of these things in depth on my travels. 
It may well be that I will not see you until the Earth-bound Saeire Insu have crossed the Tangent for Aquanus en masse and the advance on Vanerrincourt and the Temple of Eleysius has commenced. As I write this, the mobilization has already begun, though only at the very highest levels, and only in the greatest secrecy. We wait for the king to recover; it is upon his orders that the navy stands ready. It is a very exciting, very frightening, and very humbling time for our people, Margarita. We have waited for this day for many years, as you now know.
You, Melody, Yaeko, and Elizabeth will be part of my thoughts every day, every hour while I am away.
Yours in love,
Luis
It was as though the departed python had simply been replaced by a newer, fresher one, like they had merely traded shifts. The tension in Maggie’s chest was now greater than ever. She had seen what just one Dreamcatcher attack did to Aedan—to Kieran, the young king: the grief, the agony as he stumbled towards that rocky cliff, falling to his knees, sobbing, overcome with grisly images of his beloved Espriella’s consumption, the Gyssian fleet just a couple miles away, swarming towards him ...
Melody is just a young girl! she thought, unconsciously gripping her chest. How could she possibly withstand such an attack?
Maggie looked up from the parchment, tried to calm herself, took a steadying breath. Luis himself had crossed the Tangent on this mission, she told herself. Luis, her trusted friend and guide.
She shuddered with a realization.
No, not Luis.
It was Riparius who had crossed the Tangent for Aquanus. Riparius, the monster who wiped out an entire Gyssian flagship and scuttled Prince Trajan’s soul.
Riparius, whom Trajan himself had heard of, and whose very name struck terror into the face of a Gyssian soldier moments before the Dreamcatcher sent him to a watery death.
Riparius—who was now Melody’s sworn protector.
Maggie found herself breathing a little easier, though she couldn’t shake the conviction (not to mention the new python) that Luis had held back from telling her the full truth in his letter.
She took another conscious breath, then another.
The matter of an AWOL Harry Chin was deeply troubling as well, both for his unwelcome presence in her, Maggie’s, Origin, and now, equally troubling, for his disappearance. Did he run afoul of one of Necrolius’ Tracluse? But no, she thought. This was Harry Chin—a Keeper. In his true state, he lived in the ocean and was miles long and was capable of blowtorching dozens of ships at once with aecxal energy from his fifty-foot-tall eyes. She had seen it for herself. But as a human, was it possible to drive a dagger into Harry Chin’s back and dispose of him just as easily as any other human? Perhaps that’s what happened, she reasoned. Dead, the Tracluse could then just toss his body over the Pier’s railing and be done with it. Had they, the Saeire Insu, trawled the waters around the Pier already?
She shook her head. Too easy, she thought. She strongly doubted that such an end could befall a being of such a powerful (and voluminous) true nature, else it probably would have been attempted long ago. Necrolius himself was hesitant to try to destroy Harry Chin, human being; she felt certain that the emperor’s hesitancy had as much to do with the amount of energy he’d have to expend to get the job done as the fact that Harry Chin was at the time housing and protecting the precious Eleysian Teardrop. Try to drive a dagger into his back, she imagined, and watch as the blade turns, useless.
After a long time lost in thought, she refolded the parchment and stood, stuffing it into her back pants pocket. Should she call Liz and have Melody sent home? Should she keep her sequestered inside this house, isolated and safe? 
Safe? She thought, and she chuckled humorlessly, gripping the chair back absentmindedly. How can isolating her body keep her soul safe from Necrolius’ Dreamcatchers? Wasn’t there anything that she, her mother, could do to protect her?
Luis told me I’m a “Storyteller.” But he has never gone into what that means, what it entails. He thought it an extraordinary gift, something rare and very special. Can I use whatever powers a Storyteller has to protect Melody? How would I go about finding out what those powers are? Why has Luis been so close-lipped on the subject?
She considered calling Elizabeth again, then took another deep breath. 
No. No, I won’t call Melody home. Luis would have told me to isolate her, or take special steps to safeguard her. He wouldn’t leave me in the dark. He knows what he’s doing. The Healers and the Sentinel Phantasme—whoever they are— only need to talk to Melody. Just talk.
And with that she went and poured herself a cup of coffee and took it to the living room, where the paper waited. She sat. She rarely read the local rag—it was nothing but real estate ads and ultra-conservative knee-jerk pablum—but opened it anyway to get her mind off Luis’ note. The front-page article was on the local high school’s football team losing to a rival school by the score of 75 to 3 (“Our boys really improved this year,” the coach was quoted as saying. “If you recall, the score last year was 101 - 0”); the pastor of Imperial Beach’s Lutheran church extolling hatred for homosexuals in the editorial section and declaring that they should be placed in “re-education camps”; the weekly Real Estate Spotlight article, written by Thomas Heffledorf, Sr., who proclaimed the housing market as “stratospheric” and “sure to continue that way indefinitely” and to ignore the “liberal alarmists” warning of an imminent crash; and, finally, the obituaries. At these Maggie stopped. Only one person was listed, and she knew him. It was Reuben Alvarado, the janitor at Melody’s middle school, and one of the nicest people Maggie had ever met. A heart attack had killed him. She looked with sadness at the grainy black-and-white photo of the smiling man heading the article. Reuben Alvarado wasn’t even forty years old.
~~*~~
“Yaeko?”
“In here, Melody.”
Melody followed the disembodied voice to a back bedroom, one used as storage. She had had only occasional glimpses into it; she stood at the open door now, looking in at Yaeko, who was balancing a large brown-paper-covered rectangle on her knees and smiling. “Found it,” Yaeko said. “Whew! Can you help me with this, Melody? It’s a bit awkward for me ...”
“Huh? Oh—oh, sure,” said Melody, hurrying to lift the rectangular burden from her, and surprised a little at its weight. “What is it?” she asked. “It feels like ... a picture. Is it?”
Yaeko nodded happily. “It’s yours. I want you to have it.”
“Serious?”
“So so serious,” said Yaeko, wiping the sweat off her brow.
“Can I open it here?”
“Let’s take it to my room. Elizabeth has never seen it, and has always asked about it, so would you mind leaving it here a day or two so she can look at it a little?”
“Yeah ... yeah, sure,” said Melody, excited. “No problem. Are these your Grammy Awards?” 
One of the trophies lay at her feet, the newspaper wrapping it partially pulled away, the box with the other three next to it.
She nodded. “For some reason it seemed it was time to bring them out, too.”
“Cool,” said Melody. “Wow.”
After admiring the trophy from afar for a few more moments, Melody, the picture in her sure grasp, edged herself and it out of the room, Yaeko following. She carefully walked down the short hallway to Yaeko’s bedroom, where she lowered it to the carpeted floor, leaning it delicately against the wall next to the closet.
“Go ahead, Melody. Open it!” said Yaeko from the doorway, beaming. “Tear the paper off!”
Melody bit her lower lip, glanced at Yaeko unsurely, then turned, smiling, and dug her nails into the paper, puncturing it and then tearing it away.
“Whoa,” she said a second later. “Whoa ...”
It was Rudolph’s incomplete painting of Yaeko.
After a long stretch of silence, Yaeko said quietly, “He died before he could finish it. I’ve been dreaming a lot of him lately. A lot. For some reason it feels right to give it to you now. I’ve been wanting to for ages, but something has always held me back. I dreamt of him again last night. He was smiling at me, and he said, ‘It is time.’ And I knew exactly what he was talking about. Do you like it, Melody?”
When Melody could finally tear her eyes from the painting to look at her best friend, she found herself unable to answer.
Yaeko beamed even brighter. “I knew you would.”
~~*~~
Since Melody had known Yaeko, she had tried and tried to get her to go to the beach with her. But Yaeko had steadfastly refused. Melody understood perfectly why: the sand was impossible to navigate her wheelchair through, and Yaeko did not own one of those wheelchairs with big round balloons for wheels made for rolling over it. Getting down to the beach would thus come down to someone carrying her, and Yaeko, in her pride, would never allow that.
But there was another reason, Melody knew, one that probably overshadowed the wheelchair issue altogether. Going to the beach meant wearing a swim suit. And Yaeko would never wear a swimming suit in public. Not with the scars on her legs and hips and lower back.
Then, the day before yesterday, it happened. Melody was showing Yaeko a really cool seashell she had found with her mom on a recent walk when Yaeko interrupted.
“I’d like to go to the beach with you sometime, Melody.”
Melody gawked, sputtered, “R-Really?”
Yaeko smiled nervously. “I don’t know how I can get on the beach with you is all.... I guess I could get Elizabeth to carry me, she won’t mind ...”
“We don’t need Elizabeth, Yaeko. I can do it,” said Melody, elated.
Yaeko shook her head. “But you’re not nearly big enough to carry me ...”
It was then she noticed Melody’s knowing smile.
“Wow, really?” said Yaeko. “Wow ...” She thought for a second, then commented, “But that’ll look so weird. Don’t you think that’ll freak people out?”
“I have a theory,” said Melody, “that nobody’ll notice. At least no one who would be freaked out by it, that is.”
Yaeko nodded contemplatively.
“I mean, look at all the stuff that happens around both our houses!” said Melody. “None of our neighbors seems to notice it, ever! All those flashes, all those strangely dressed guards visiting.... And ... and the castle Mr. Conor lives in. Nobody notices it! Nobody sees it! I bet nobody will notice us, either.”
Yaeko thought about this for a long moment. Then she smiled broadly. “When do you want to go?”
Her happy demeanor and eagerness now, however, at the foot of the short, curving flight of stairs which led down to the beach itself, were quite subdued. She had stopped her wheelchair there and was looking unsurely up at Melody.
“Hmm,” considered Melody, shifting the large beach bag she was carrying to her other shoulder. “I guess I hadn’t thought this through enough. I’ll have to come back for your wheelchair ... Is the towel around your legs tight? Are you ready?”
But Yaeko didn’t look ready at all. She opened her mouth to speak—what Melody was sure was going to be something like, “Let’s skip it, Melody”—when a voice with a French accent sounded just behind them, making them jump.
“Do you need help, Melody?”
They turned. It was Alexandre, Surfing Bessie’s owner—and one of Mr. Conor’s Kumiyaay.
“I don’t know what to do with the wheelchair once I’ve got Yaeko down the stairs,” said Melody. “I don’t want to leave it here.”
“I’ll take care of it,” said Alexandre with a nod. He noticed the girls’ looks of apprehension and added, “Nobody will see you. You’re covered, don’t worry ...”
Melody turned to look at Yaeko, and they both started laughing. “See?” said Melody. “I told you ... Are you ready?”
“Ready,” said Yaeko, gripping the wheelchair’s armrests nervously. A second later she let out a “Whoa! This is cool! Wow! ...” For she had floated up from her wheelchair (“Let go of the armrests, Yaeko! Let go!” Melody had to tell her), her towel-covered legs slowly unbending. Melody stood behind her, her hands palm-up at her hips, her eyes calm and concentrating on her best friend. Yaeko floated down the stairs, looking around excitedly. Alexandre quietly and sternly said something to someone just behind them—Melody thought she heard, “Add more sentries here and double the presence offshore, just to be safe ...”—but didn’t dare trust herself enough with her abilities yet to turn to see whom he had spoken to. Instead she focused harder on Yaeko, who, though Melody couldn’t see her face, knew was radiant with wonder. Not a single soul on the beach (and there were many people on the beach today) turned to see this incredible sight. Not one. Melody’s guess had been correct.
She floated Yaeko forward until they reached a prime bit of beach sand perhaps a hundred feet from the Pier. There she learned she had a another new ability when she found she was able to lift Yaeko’s legs while holding Yaeko’s trunk upright, thereby allowing her to lower Yaeko to a ready sitting position on the sand itself.
“Oooh!” Yaeko squeaked as her hands touched down. “It’s hot!”
Melody quickly unslung the beach bag from her shoulder, reaching in it for the large beach towels that made up most of its bulk, spreading them quickly beside each other. She then reseated Yaeko on the right one with minimal difficulty, whose face mirrored instant relief when she touched down on the cool cloth. Alexandre reappeared soon after carrying a huge blue-and-white-striped umbrella and a couple of low-seat beach chairs. 
“I put your wheelchair in the back of the shop,” he nodded to Yaeko. “When you two are ready to leave, simply let one of the Guards know—” He motioned to the three seagulls standing motionless on the Pier’s railing. The seagulls were looking right at them. “They’ll come and fetch me.”
“Thank you, Alexandre,” smiled Melody while Yaeko waved at the Guards.
It was a day of bright sunshine, hot sand, tuna fish sandwiches that Yaeko had prepared the night before, followed by ice cream cones (Alexandre brought these himself—“On the house,” he said as he handed them over), and lots of layers of sunscreen and cool tunes from Yaeko’s new music player (they shared a single pair of headphones, the left plug in Melody’s right ear, the right plug in Yaeko’s left, their heads bobbing up and down in unison with the Beach Boys, one of their all-time favorite groups). It was the most fun Melody had ever had, and it only got more exciting when Yaeko, looking longingly out at the roaring surf, said, “I want to boogie board.”
Melody was stunned. “Really?”
Yaeko looked scared but adventurous. “I’d need your help—but yes. I want to boogie board!”
And so Melody, after helping Yaeko to the bathroom, rented two boogie boards from the shop next to Surfing Bessie’s. She collected Yaeko; then, ten minutes later, floated her out to the foamy surf, where she lowered her slowly to her stomach on her boogie board in relatively calm, warm, shallow waters. Yaeko was as excited as Melody had ever seen her, squealing and laughing as though she were about to ride the world’s scariest roller coaster. Melody went to get her own board, which she’d left behind on the beach. 
She stopped short, her breath catching in her throat.
Tommy Heffledorf and his gang were skulking by and had noticed the free boogie board lying on the wet, sky-reflecting sand. One reached down to snatch it up ...
“Leave it alone.”
They looked up to see who had just spoken. And then, to a boy, their sneering faces fell as though finding out that Christmas had just been canceled, their eyes widening with horror as they gawked at Melody, who was walking surely towards them from the water.
She wasn’t sure who screamed first. But that single scream was suddenly part of a five-part discordant blast of shrieks as the boys backed up ten quick steps, then disbursed like breaking billiard balls. Melody, her heart pounding in her chest, churned through the last of the sloshing surf to retrieve her boogie board, feeling quite proud of herself.
“Melodyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!”
She whirled around to see Yaeko pulling up into a big wave, which was curling over her—
“—Yaeko!”
Melody watched, helpless, as her screaming friend disappeared under the wave’s curling, closing white fingers. The wave rolled over Yaeko and collapsed down on her with a thunderous white roar. Yaeko and her boogie board vanished under the glistening, foamy rush careening shoreward.
“Yaeko?” Melody screeched. “Yaeko? Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God ...”
She waded furiously into the surf, pushed back by the advancing, shoulder-deep, hissing foam, whimpering desperately.
“Yaeko—?”
She couldn’t find her! 
She couldn’t find her!
“YAEKO?” 
Panic silenced everything. What was she thinking, letting Yaeko boogie board? She’d drowned her best friend! She fished about blindly in the restless, murky water, reaching as deep as she could go. She felt like puking.
Just as she was about to scream for help, she heard ... laughter. It was coming from well behind her, from shore. She wheeled about in four feet of swirling green sea—
Yaeko was sitting on the beach covered in seaweed, the boogie board still in her possession. She was laughing hysterically between bouts of coughing and spitting out water.
She rushed to shore, fighting the ebbing current trying to pull her out. Seconds later she fell to her knees next to her best friend. 
“Oh God, Yaeko, are you okay? I’m so sorry....”
It took a long time for Yaeko to respond, she was laughing so hard. Melody, meanwhile, was shaking from her core, her terror melting away at a glacial rate. But, soon enough, she found she could smile—not laugh—while waiting for Yaeko to catch her breath, which she eventually did. She helped her pick away the kelp, noticing that both her knees were bleeding and that several other small cuts had appeared on her person as well. Her fragile smile couldn’t hold.
“Yaeko, I’m so sorry. I wasn’t thinking. Are you in pain?”
“I’m fine, Melody,” said Yaeko with a couple last chuckles. Then: “That’s even better than a roller coaster! I’ve got a couple cuts and a bruise or two, I’m sure, but no problems ...” 
She flashed her an exuberant smile. “Let’s go again! C’mon, Melody! I’ll be okay—so so serious, don’t worry! Let’s go!”
It took quite a bit more convincing, but Melody finally relented. She went to retrieve her boogie board; and with Yaeko very securely in tow, she waded very cautiously, very apprehensively back out into the foamy surf.
“Get closer to the waves!” chirped Yaeko. “Closer, Melody, closer!”
It was then, as Melody swallowed back the fear that she was flirting with her best friend’s very life, that she discovered she had yet another new ability. Inwardly scared out her wits at the incoming swell ominously gathering itself just a hundred feet away, she focused on it—and saw its aecxis.
The aecxis was shifting rapidly, and gathering thousands of other, tinier aecxes into itself as the wave rose. She breathed out, concentrating, and the wave, just as white fingers of it began cresting over its tottering top, reaching hungrily for them, simply flattened to a gentle, harmless high swell, disappointing and flabbergasting the surfers to either side of them, some of whom yelled, “What the—?” 
The muted wave lifted then dropped the girls; safely past them, it curled over itself and collapsed halfway to shore with a chastened roar.
… Wow!  Can I do that again and keep Yaeko safe?
It took a little practice—Yaeko took a few more head-over-heels tumbles through thundering waves, which entertained her endlessly and terrified Melody deeply—before Melody finally got the hang of it, and then only a very tenuous, very scary hang at that. The aecxes were wildly unpredictable, even given the uniformity of their respective incoming waves, and when the girls’ bodies were introduced into the waves, the aecxes underwent a drastic change of sorts, as though the girls’ presence changed everything, which also had to be accounted for ...
But Melody, the very determined individual she was, eventually started to experience some success. And with that success she and Yaeko, side by side, laughing and screaming, rode one wave, then another, then more. Melody could “feel” the shifting aecxes of the waves deep in her spirit while at the same time aiding the buoy-happy salt of the seawater in lifting Yaeko’s legs while simultaneously watching ahead of her for obstacles and other surfers. After a time she discovered that if she stopped trying to control the waves as much as simply take their aecxes into her spirit, they “behaved” (that’s not the right word, she thought) as if wanting to help her out, making her task of keeping Yaeko safe all that much easier to manage.
And so they boogie boarded until, exhausted, Melody towed Yaeko to shore and then up to their beach chairs, which by this point were bathed in hot, bright afternoon sunshine. Melody sat Yaeko in her chair, readjusted the umbrella, then sat down herself. Both drank deeply from the water bottles sitting next to the chairs.
“That was fun, Melody!” exclaimed Yaeko. “Wow ... I really did it ...”
Melody thought of telling Yaeko what she had done out there, then decided against it.
“It was,” she said, shaking her head. “I can’t believe you. You have some serious courage, Yaeko.”
“No more than you,” stated Yaeko simply. “I ... I’ve never told you this, Melody, but when I was in your body ... in your soul ... on the Pier—remember?—and you were running from that huge tsunami ... I could feel it. It was like my own legs worked again, and the feeling, Melody ... it was so joyous I almost forgot what was going on. So so serious. And then ... and then you turned into a bird, and I couldn’t hold it in anymore. I don’t remember feeling so happy my whole life. I was happy and totally terrified at the same time. That’s how it felt for me.”
“Did you feel anything when I was fighting that horrible thing in the Tower Room?” asked Melody, surprised.
“It’s odd,” reflected Yaeko, “but no, not really. I remember feeling surprised that I wasn’t in pain ... I mean, when you used your powers ... When I think of it, I suppose the thing I felt most was ... space. Yeah, space.”
“Space?”
“Yeah, space. Or ... or freedom. Yeah, that’s a better word—freedom. Does that make sense?”
Melody nodded. “It’s what I felt, too.”
They smiled.
“Thanks again for the painting, Yaeko,” said Melody after a few minutes watching the sea. “It’s really, really cool.” She held up, then said, “You know, it felt like my life started the day I met you. I can barely remember anything before that day on the Pier. It’s like it was all just a bad dream, or a lonely dream, or something. I guess that’s really pathetic, isn’t it?”
Yaeko shook her head. “No, Melody, it isn’t pathetic. The truth is, it felt like my life ended when I met you.”
Melody blinked, stared at her friend.
“No, no, don’t think of it as bad, Melody. It isn’t—at all. So so serious. It’s the opposite. It just feels like ...” Yaeko’s eyes went dreamy and distant. “It’s like I found you, and when I did, all the challenges and horrors I’d gone through, it was like they were at an end, and I knew it. But it’s more than that. I just don’t know how to explain it better. Are you mad at me?”
Melody shook her head, the smile coming back to her face. “You said you’ve been dreaming of Rudolph a lot ...”
“He was an incredible person,” said Yaeko. “I started dreaming of him the night your mom came into our rooms, in our dreams. My dreams of him have been very vivid, very real.”
“What about?”
Yaeko laughed quietly. “You know, it’s funny. They’re about nothing, really. Most of the time we don’t talk, but just paint together. I remember this one dream where he had painted this amazing mountain scenery, and this beautiful house overlooking an incredible valley. He showed me the finished painting, and I woke up crying. It was like he was showing me where they all were, where they all live now. I miss him, and I miss Izumi and Amon and my parents.... I know that sounds totally stupid ...”
“Don’t say that, Yaeko,” said Melody. “It’s beautiful. What a great dream.”
Yaeko smiled sadly, then turned her head to look out over the surf.
The onshore breezes had kicked up a little, which blew rainbow-laced veils of saltwater off the tops of the waves just as they rolled over. They’d spent the entire day here, Melody and Yaeko, and Melody was sad to see it all come to an end. She looked out at the veils and said, “Sea angels, Yaeko—see? That’s what my mom calls the veils over the waves when it gets breezy like this.”
But Yaeko did not respond. Melody was about to suggest they gather their belongings and make for home a minute later when Yaeko asked, very quietly, “Do you believe in angels, Melody?”
Yaeko was looking right at her, her eyes like dark portals to heaven itself. Melody, surprised by the earnestness of the question, found herself unable to fill her lungs with air. She knew somehow that her answer would be vital, foundational to everything she had experienced with her to this point. It wasn’t a question that had been asked with religious overtones, or a question put out of any desire to convert her or to change her, or even a question asking her to put her faith in something she’d never seen before. Because it wasn’t. Melody had seen an angel. She was sitting right next to one.
She answered, “Of course I do, Yaeko. Of course I do.”
~~*~~
The girls returned home half an hour later. They arrived to find Maggie standing over the stove and a pot full of bubbling vegetarian chili.
“Hi Bug, hi Yaeko,” Melody’s mom called out as they went past.
“Hi Momma.”
“Hi Mrs. Singleton—er—Maggie,” blushed Yaeko. “I’m sorry, I keep forgetting ...”
“We’ll be in my room,” said Melody. “Call us when dinner is ready?”
“In just a few minutes,” said Maggie. “You’ll need to get washed up.” And as the girls continued making their way into the hallway, she blurted out, “Bug?”
Melody turned and looked at her. “Yes—?”
Maggie held up, then shook her head. She stammered, “N-Nothing. We can talk later.”
“Is something wrong?”
Maggie shook her head again. “No. No, not at all. You girls got some sun today. Did you have fun?”
Melody and Yaeko smiled and nodded, then disappeared into the hallway. Maggie heard her bedroom door click shut.
She turned her attention back to the chili. How could she broach the topic of Necrolius and his evil Dreamcatchers possibly attacking her? Should she leave it to the Healers? The “Sentinel Phantasme”? When were they showing up?
Should she try to inform and prepare Melody herself?
She finished setting the table, taking her mail off it and setting napkins next to the three place settings. She sighed and then walked through the living room, opening the back sliding-glass door for Sara, who came bounding in, happy to see her. Maggie knelt and scratched behind the black lab’s floppy ears.
The doorbell rang.
She caught Sara’s collar just as the lab growled, letting out a round of territorial barks as she struggled to get to the front door. Maggie pulled her back outside and rolled the sliding glass shut. Sara whined in protest, scratched at the glass. She muttered, “Quiet, you,” then hurried back through the living room to the front door.
Were these the Healers and the “Sentinel Phantasme”? She grasped the doorknob and twisted it, pulled the door open. A large, singular shadow fell across her as she did, and Maggie, looking up, gasped.
Aedan Conor stood at the threshold, gazing down at her. Somehow the shadow of his body couldn’t touch the smiling green of his eyes, which seemed to glow of their own light. His clean-shaven face, however, wasn’t smiling at all, but was intent, unyielding.
The silence between them, which lasted a full minute, seemed as solid and awkward as a bank-vault wall erected in the middle of a dance floor. Without asking permission to enter, and acting as though he was determined to walk bodily through that wall, Conor took a single footstep forward. His eyes never left hers.
Maggie, alarmed by his presence as well as his bold manner, took a single soundless step backward.
Conor took another step forward.
Maggie took another step back.
“Th-Thank you,” she forced herself to say, whispering, hoping her words would stop his advance, hoping they would somehow erect a new, thicker barrier between them—
(She wasn’t ready for this! She’d ruminated for days and days over what she’d say to him once they faced each other again. Now he was here (He’s here!), she found herself completely unprepared—powerless—helpless—!)
—but he took another step anyway. She realized he was gaining on her, as his steps forward were larger than her steps back. She tried to say something more, but her voice had deserted her. He loomed over her like a thunderhead.
Her mind raced with all she had seen: Vanerrincourt, the Temple, the fight against the demons in the courtyard, the flight east at the head of a huge armada, the Keeper, Espriella’s death, the cliffside and the ice tornadoes and the Omem’s towering fire wall ...
The titanic battle ...
Quartermane ...
The hurricane and the Tangent ...
The confrontation with Necrolius in the apartment above Ye Scurvy Dog ...
The Saeire Insu rising up to proclaim their allegiance to him, their leader ...
The thousands of pieces of broken blue sky falling as he rowed into sudden Pacific night ...
Twenty-two years of waiting ...
Teacher.
Mathematician.
King.
Protector.
Maggie forced herself to step backward. Her legs felt like melting rubber. She swallowed hard, got her voice working again. “And ... and—” her vocal chords were operating, but under strenuous protest—“I—I’m sorry ...” she croaked. “I’m really, really sorry.... I ... I ...”
Conor took another audacious step. He brought a hand up and softly, gently touched her cheek.
“I ... uh ...” She felt the warm skin of his fingers on her face, and found she could not concentrate. His touch somehow transmitted the unmistakable message to forget the past, that there was no need to apologize. His eyes were fixed on hers ... they were emerald magnets ... And now his whole palm was cupping her cheek ... His index finger traced delicately over the top of her ear, pulling her hair back, giving her chills ... All five fingers were now combing slowly through her hair ... she could feel each of them, separately; the middle finger pressed into the base of her neck, gently tilting her head up, pulling her face to his ...
“I ... I don’t typically date older men,” she stammered barely above a whisper, speaking very quickly and taking another very conscious, tremulous step back. She pulled her face from his, which had been mere inches away when she did. “I mean, you’re old enough to be my great, great, great, great, great grandfather....”
Conor, grinning very slightly, made up for the distance she had put between them with another step. His hips bumped very pleasantly into hers, shutting out the fading purple daylight between them.
Think! she reproached herself. Think! But his hand felt really good, and he smelled really, really good, up close like this, and everything she had learned of him, everything she had experienced, everything that made him so overwhelmingly powerful to her ... It was this last that terrified her and made her take one last, hopeless, half-hearted half-step backward. The bank vault wall had been reduced to insubstantial deliquescing dusk charged with dangerous static electricity. She had always chosen weak men. Always. Rich, Melody’s father, was a weak man. Weak men were safe. Weak men could be controlled. Weak men could be manipulated. Weak men could not threaten her or harm Melody.
Weak men could never break her heart.
Weak men cannot be Daddy, she thought quite without willing it, and felt a deep stab of pain in her solar plexus.
Weak men cannot be this man, came the next thought hot on the heels of that one. And with it a thrilling warmth issued from her tailbone, spreading forward into her lower belly, giving her more chills. She was succumbing.
She brought her hand up and clasped his, which was pulling her face to his again. His hand felt like living steel. Maggie thought she’d have better luck resisting the winch arm on a fifty-ton crane.
“If you give me an order,” she breathed, unable to hide the smile forming on her lips, “I’ll ignore it.”
It was then that Conor spoke for the first time. He said, “Then I guess I’ll not be giving you any ...”
His lips were mere inches from hers, and closing with the steady inevitability of the sun’s daily kiss upon the ocean ...
She gazed up at the top of his bald head.
“Run into a lawn mower on the way here?”
“A whole army of them,” he answered. “I barely escaped.”
Ever closer came those lips ... ever closer ...
“You ...” she exhaled, trying hard to retain her rationality and losing spectacularly, “you ...” She tore her gaze from his, glanced briefly down on his person. This was it. This was her last attempt, her last shot.
“... you ... you look ridiculous in these clothes.”
Conor was wearing very handsome black pleated slacks, a matching button-down shirt, and a jacket. He was dressed very smartly, and Maggie was sure that others would see him dressed as such, but she couldn’t. Not any longer. Not ever again. Because she had seen his real clothing.
His grin widened. “And here I was, just getting used to dressing like this.” His voice was a deep, serene Irish resonance that teased that warmth in her belly, which was rapidly increasing ...
And with that he took one final step forward, pulling her full into him.
Weak men? Maggie’s fear was crumbling under the ceaseless grind of high-voltage desire, whose current had been stoked to fever pitch by weeks and weeks and weeks of fantasizing about exactly this happening: their lips finally meeting, her body against his, enveloped by it. She was unaware that she had dropped her hand from his, her arms hanging limply at her sides like a teenaged girl being kissed for the first time; she was being drawn into his smiling eyes as she lifted her chin quite of her own will, her own eyes closing ...
“Momma, what are you doing?”
Maggie jerked away just as she felt Conor’s lips barely, barely brush hers, turning on the spot. Melody and Yaeko were at the entrance of the hallway, Yaeko’s head below Melody’s. Both their eyes were wide with surprise, their mouths smiling and open; Yaeko snorted with laughter, gazed up at Melody—



Chapter 48
A Warm Touch
Did she imagine it? Or did it really happen?
Maggie wasn’t sure. Because she never thought it would happen. Ever.
She thought about the kiss, too. She was pretty sure Aedan Conor’s lips did in fact touch hers, if ever so barely, ever so gently. As thrilling as that was, however, it didn’t compare to what she would witness next. For Melody, having maddeningly interrupted that kiss, had burst into the kitchen and then through it, flying headlong into her teacher’s arms, hugging him silently, glued to his person. Conor chuckled once at her approach; he swung his big arms around to hold her as she latched on to him, saying something like, “Ah, lass, it’s so good to see you ...” And it was there they stayed for a long moment, quietly, while Maggie stared, backing up several paces, disbelieving. For in Melody’s entire life, she had only hugged two men, ever. One was her father. The other was her grandfather. There had been no one else.
Melody released him, looking up, tears wetting her eyes, a broad, radiant smile on her face. Conor cupped her chin in his palm, then turned his attention to Yaeko, who had rolled up to him, beaming. Maggie noted just the very slightest hesitation in him as he bent to kiss the top of her head—Yaeko threw her arms around his neck—but it wasn’t hesitation due to any kind of disingenuousness, or humility, or ambivalence, but of—awe? Maggie thought she heard Yaeko say, her voice muffled, “I was so afraid I was too late ...”
To which Conor whispered in reply, “You very nearly were. Thank you....”
Maggie glanced at Melody, but her daughter was busily setting a fourth place setting at the table, and didn’t catch any of the exchange.
The dinner itself was happy and carefree. But for Maggie it came gift-wrapped in an electrified fog. She was unable to fully grasp that Conor was here, with them, that he was okay (she looked at his person, at his hands, at his clean-shaven face and bald head, many times, seeking evidence of Necrolius’ black frostbite, and finding nothing) ... and that Melody had hugged him—hugged him!
And Yaeko, laughing and joking, her and Melody’s face reddened by the day’s sun ... The four of them ate and drank and then had homemade fudge brownies, and that charged fog breezed through Maggie like an arctic wind after a day of record heat, the difference almost too violent for her to bear. But here she was, laughing and talking lightly too, and wondering if she and Melody and Yaeko should be observing some royal graces, or addressing Conor differently, or not looking at him directly ... but no! Conor was completely comfortable here, with them, as though he wasn’t what she knew he was and what the girls had only heard secondhand. He was a man behaving like any ordinary man, and she found it intolerable. Had he affected royal airs it would’ve been easy to ignore him—and that’s what she wanted most of all. He wouldn’t give that to her. She knew that, too.
He leaned back in his chair, and sipped apple juice from an ancient purple plastic cup, and ate day-old French bread from the local supermarket, and spoke jovially of teaching, and of feeling well, and told more off-color Irish jokes. It wasn’t until Yaeko asked him if he missed his home—Vanerrincourt—that the king in him came to the fore, his eyes going distant and noble at the same time.
“Yes,” he said, quietly. “Yes, I do. I think of it all the time, now more than ever. But the castle is home, too; and you three have made this domicile feel like my home.”
“When can we see the castle, Mr. Conor?” asked Melody. She and Yaeko exchanged excited glances. “Momma says it’s amazing.”
He smiled. “Unfortunately that will have to wait.” He gazed at Melody, his countenance sharpening a bit. “Very few know the truth of your existence. We’d like to keep it that way just a little longer. This is a state secret, however, that I fear won’t be containable for long, if it can be contained at all. And so I predict that sooner than later I’ll be able to show you my humble abode.”
Maggie spluttered into her apple juice. “Humble my arse! That’s the most incredible castle I’ve ever seen in my life! And I’ve seen lots of them, too!”
Conor winked, shrugged, crossed his arms. “What can I say? I have needs ...”
They all laughed.
“On a more serious note,” he said, straightening up, “I would like to invite all of you—Elizabeth too, of course—to the end of the Pier early tomorrow morning. There you will be escorted on board a feint, which will set sail for the castle directly. We won’t land there, but will circle it before coming back to the Pier. I’ll be conducting a state memorial service for those who recently died in the protection of you two—” he nodded at Melody and Yaeko—“as well as the two Healers who died trying to save me. I’ve insisted we do so, even though a funeral has already taken place. This service, however, is by invitation only in order to, again, protect your identity, Melody. We’ll conclude the day with a quick observance in the Tower Sanctuary Room. Sound okay?”
The girls looked at each, then back at him. They both nodded, their eyes lowering. An uncomfortable silence settled over the dinner table until Maggie said, “Thank you for inviting us. I can’t speak for the girls, of course ... but I would like to tell you that this means a great deal to me personally. There isn’t a second I don’t think of those who died. I’m sure that’s true of Melody and Yaeko, too. Girls?”
The girls nodded again, still staring down at the table. Yaeko looked up and said, “Elizabeth cannot come; she’s flying until Sunday. I think she gave her two-week notice, so this’ll be one of her last assignments....”
Melody, however, continued staring down at the table. She appeared on the brink of tears. Conor glanced at her, then at Maggie, who was gazing with concern at her.
“Mind if I take Melody for a walk to the Pier right now?” he asked. “A little fresh air would do us both some good.”
Maggie held still for a moment, looking into his eyes. She nodded.
He pushed his chair back, stood. “My dear?” Melody stood as well, blinking heavily. Yaeko reached for her hand, released it after a short and tense grasp. 
Conor inclined his head towards Maggie, who also had stood.
“Thank you for the excellent meal, and the even more excellent company ...” he said, glancing very briefly at her lips, then back into her eyes. Maggie caught the motion, felt that same thrill warm through her tummy.
“What time shall we meet you?” she asked.
“Five,” said Conor. 
“Five?” Melody groaned, coming slightly back to life. “Oh my gosh, Yaeko, five in the morning ...”
Yaeko groaned as well, but she was smiling. She gave a happy shrug, and then looked up at him, who was studying her again with that same awed hesitancy. “Tomorrow morning then, sensei ...”
“Tomorrow morning,” he said. He brought his attention to Melody. “Shall we?”
And with that, he and Melody left the house, closing the front door quietly behind them.
Yaeko glanced at Maggie, who was staring blankly down at the empty dishes, an odd half smile on her face. Yaeko didn’t ask what the smile was about. She already knew.
~~*~~
Melody and Mr. Conor stood at the foot of the Pier. Mr. Conor seemed reluctant to step on it, as if by doing so he would set into motion events he’d not be able to control. After a deep, audible breath, he gave her a quick smile, then motioned her forward. They walked without talking, as they had while coming here. Save for her very first day in his class, Melody had always felt completely comfortable in his presence, at no time more than right now. She looked up and noticed the seagulls above them, floating soundlessly in precise formation. She knew out there, to the left and the right, in the darkness, were more. In an instant they could be called to action, swift and deadly. She looked up at her teacher, trying to find the courage to ask ...
“You and your mother weren’t ready to see that,” he said suddenly, startling her. She stopped walking.
He grinned as he turned around to face her. “You were about to ask why I didn’t use my powers to fend off the seagulls that attacked me.” A devilish eyebrow lifted. “Am I right?”
“Uh ... right,” she gulped. “How did you know? Can you read minds?”
Mr. Conor grunted. “No. I can’t. And thank God.” He looked up, spied the seagulls circling patiently just out of reach of the Pier’s orange lights. “You’re a very intelligent individual. I figured you’d’ve hashed it out for yourself at some point, especially after talking to your mum.”
He looked at her. “And ... well, we—the Saeire Insu, that is—had uncovered the plot to kill me long ago. I knew I could probably take what the Tracluse dealt out. I figured, correctly, that they might attack if I were in the company of Gaians. I wanted to trap them. I believed it a worthy risk.”
He held still for a moment, blinking, then chuckled darkly. “I was bloody well wrong. Thankfully there were Healers—not those money-grubbing monsters you folks call doctors—and Dreamcatchers, too. They got to me in plenty of time—and how fortunate for me that they did. The poison the Tracluse had developed was more than strong enough to overwhelm me. The real inconvenience was the ambulance ride and that meat factory of a hospital. As I said,” he went on, “you and your mum were not ready to see ... well ...”
“You kicking their asses?” she said, who then looked hugely embarrassed for saying it, breaking her gaze from his. She hurried to add, “That’s what Momma says you’d have done ...”
“Something like that,” said Mr. Conor, his grin hardening. “Shall we walk on?”
They continued up the Pier.
They had taken a dozen more steps when her teacher said, “You’d have liked her. And she’d have loved you ...”
“Mr. Conor?”
He didn’t look at her this time, nor did he stop walking. He was glancing up at the Eleysian Teardrop, whose brilliant blue light fell upon the Pier and the people still on it.
“My mum,” he said. “I wish you could’ve met her, Melody ...”
Melody didn’t know what to say in return that wouldn’t sound trite or stupid, so she smiled slightly and nodded, hoping he’d notice both. She said, “I like the way you say that—‘mum.’ ”
“It doesn’t quite work as ‘mumma,’ I’ve noticed,” he chortled. “It sounds like a sort of stinky cheese, don’t you agree? ‘Where’s Mumma?’ ‘I need to go, Mumma’s waiting for me ...’ ”
“ ‘What’s on my sandwich?’ ” said Melody, joining in. “ ‘Oh, bacon, lettuce, tomato—and a nice slice of stinky mumma cheese!’ ”
That got a nice rumble of laughter from him.
They stopped at the entrance to Fisherman’s Choice. The eatery was still open, with people sitting inside; the Pier itself was still fairly busy, despite the fact that night had fallen, though it seemed to be steadily draining of activity.
Melody looked wonderingly up at the tower and the bright blue light. “I still can’t believe that’s an actual soul.”
“A very powerful one,” affirmed Mr. Conor. “By all rights infinitely powerful, at least by human perspective.” He sized her up as a battle-hardened general would a fresh-faced soldier on the eve of her first battle. “And it’s your job to return it to its rightful place.” 
He noted her worried look, said, “Come. Let’s stand at the end. We can see it there, too.”
She followed him around the restaurant to the Pier’s end, trying not to think about what he had just said. Other than themselves, there was no one else back here. At the railing he halted, clasping a wrist inside his palm behind his back, standing straight and tall, staring quietly out, the same nobility that shone in his eyes at dinner filling his entire person now. She stood by his side, and remembered the last time she’d joined him here.
“You were trying to tell me that night, weren’t you, about the Pier?”
He smiled down at her.
“Now that you know, what do you think?”
She held still, looking up into those regal green eyes. Then she glanced out over the dark and placid waters. “I think ...” she breathed, “I think it’s the most wonderful thing ever—even if it is scary.”
“Yes,” he agreed quietly.
“Speaking of scary—more precisely, speaking of danger,” he said, “I must apologize to you, Melody ...”
She was taken aback. “For what?”
He turned to face her fully. “Without your knowledge or consent, I’ve already exposed you to great danger—twice. The seagulls—the Tracluse—were bad enough. But also ... Harry Chin. Remember him?”
She nodded, shuddering at the very mention of his name and the memory of what happened that night. Her mother had shocked her when she mentioned his name the first time—he was a “Keeper,” a tremendous sea monster in his true form, she had told her.... And upon seeing the shock on her face, her mom had asked what was the matter, and Melody had chosen in that instant not to tell her that she had met him first.
But with the shudder came a very pleasant thrill, too. Because Melody also remembered the initial sensation of total peace, and the feeling of having infinite lungs, and ... the song. Melody. The contrast between the unpleasant, shudder-inspiring fear and the competing joys, coupled with the misgivings brought on by not telling her mom what had happened that night, caught her up, took away her voice.
Mr. Conor continued, “It was dangerous allowing him to ... probe your soul as he did. He is, after all, not human....”
Her voice returned.
“He’s a Keeper,” she said, surprising him. “A huge, huge sea monster. Are we going to see him tonight?”
“No,” said Mr. Conor, giving her an odd look. “Our enigmatic Keeper is missing—he’s vanished. We don’t know where he is.” He nodded. “It’s good your mother shared all she experienced with you. It’ll save me time—”
“I don’t blame you, Mr. Conor,” said Melody, astonishing herself by her forwardness. “But I also understand Momma’s anger at you. You did expose me to great danger. You exposed her, too.”
She looked up at him, her heart in her throat. Her courage felt exactly as it did earlier today riding those waves—at the bare edge of control, totally unsure of herself, surprised by herself and her willingness to risk harm. Her bravery was a wave of its own, pulled up by the tides in her own soul, and she was zooming down its cresting, curling slope now, praying it deposited her safely on shore. Mr. Conor had gone quite still, his head cocked slightly as he listened to her, his eyes reflecting remorse, his bare face hollow, his lips thin.
“I don’t blame you,” she continued, trying to control her body from visibly shaking, and sure she was failing. “I just ...” She had gone far enough. “I just want you to know—I don’t blame you.”
Mr. Conor held quiet for a long while.
“I’m sorry, Melody,” he finally said. He gave her a helpless, tired shrug and shook his head. “I’ve made my share of mistakes as king—more than my share, actually. I’ve made many more as a teacher, and more still as a human being. With you and your mother I became reckless and arrogant. And with that recklessness and arrogance came disaster, of course: the deaths of my Pier Guards and Healers, the injury to your mum, your encounter with the Black Coffin himself. It is not only you or your mum I owe apologies to, but also to all those so affected by my stupidity, hence why I insisted on having the memorial you’ll be attending tomorrow. Even so, please allow me to ask your forgiveness personally, Melody. I vow to do my best never to fall into such traps that my station so often seduces me towards ever again. Will you please give me another chance to prove myself?”
His eyes held hers, refused to let them go, refused to let her go.
Which was exactly how Melody wanted it.
She nodded, unable to hold back the smile forming on her face.
Mr. Conor’s face reflected relief. “Thank you, Melody....”
An awkward moment passed between them, but as soon as it came it was gone. The simplicity of his honesty, and hers in return, seemed to burn it up, like natural gas set to a flame, burning cleanly, leaving no trace. Melody felt that familiar comfort return to her, and in it turned and gazed up again at the lighthouse tower and the blue light shining out of it.
“How will I get the Teardrop back to Vanerrincourt?” she asked. “How will I move it? It looks huge.”
“It weighs nothing,” said Mr. Conor. “You’ll carry it in a box the size of your school daytimer, no larger.”
“Really?”
“Really.”
“Was he nice, Eleysius? Momma said he was scary, but nice.”
“I’d agree with that,” he said, nodding contemplatively.
“Is his soul really infinite?”
He turned and studied the light for a long moment before answering. “It very nearly is,” he said. “Its power is matched only by its importance. Without it all is lost for Gaians and Aquanians, everything the Saeire Insu have worked for and prepared for and sacrificed for. Everything.” He gazed at her with solemn regard. “There is a whole kingdom that has waited over twenty years to help you return it to its rightful place—and now we can. Does that scare you?”
She gulped. It didn’t scare her; it terrified her to her very core, so much so that she couldn’t even answer him, couldn’t even nod her head, but could only blink, her eyes doe-wide.
“Good,” he said, correctly interpreting her expression. “It should.” He added quickly, “But I will be there with you every step of the way, and so will your mother and Yaeko and Ms. Finnegan. And behind us will be the Saeire Insu, over two hundred thousand strong. Every single one of them is ready to sacrifice their lives to protect yours. Because in the end it’s you, Melody, they’ve waited for, trained for, prepared for, and sacrificed for.”
A pregnant pause.
“You have two choices,” he said firmly, noting the fear blanching her upturned face, the glassiness of her eyes. “Reject that charge, or accept it with a bow. The first is what your schools and culture have trained you to do. The second is what will make you one of the Saeire Insu. Do you understand?”
“But ...” Melody’s wide eyes stung as she struggled to hold on to her composure. “But what if I fail?”
Mr. Conor shrugged almost nonchalantly. “You may. Odds are in fact you will.” And then his emerald eyes sharpened into what her mother had described as unreachable, inhuman, unwitnessable. She looked away as he said, “But it won’t be without all of us, the kingdom I rule, giving absolutely everything to help you succeed. And ...”
He stopped. He reached his hand out, caressed her cheek with this thumb. “The truth is, Melody, I too was terrified of your chances—our chances—until ...”
“Until what?” she asked Melody, desperate to find out, desperately hoping that whatever it was would ease her Atlas-like burden, if but a tiny bit.
He said, “Do you remember the Sankyan Wilderness and Necrolius?”
She nodded, taking deep breaths to steady herself.
“Do you remember the Eleysian Teardrop being there? You changed it to a candle flame for him, and was going to blow it out. Remember?”
She nodded again. “I still don’t know how I could be in two places at once, or the Pier, or the Teardrop—”
“It wasn’t the Teardrop,” he said flatly.
She blinked. “It—wasn’t?”
He shook his head.
“What was it then? How could Necrolius not know it wasn’t the Teardrop? He was so sure ...”
“I’d have been sure if I were him, too.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Do you know how I told you that from a human being’s perspective, the Teardrop is nearly infinite?”
She nodded.
“Well ... the ‘Teardrop’ you brought to Necrolius ...” He seemed to be struggling for words. “The power within that entity, whatever that entity was, it ...”
She waited.
“Whatever it was,” he said, his voice quiet, “it dwarfs the power of the Teardrop. It dwarfs the power of something already immeasurably powerful.”
“What was it?”
But he didn’t answer, not for a long time. He was staring without blinking at the radiant blue light shining out of the tower’s windows, and when he finally spoke, he did so still fixed upon it.
“I ...” He hesitated, shook his head. “I really don’t know....”
But Melody’s gut didn’t believe him. She sensed that he did know. He knew, but was too awed to say, because he couldn’t bring himself to believe it.
“It attacked me,” she said.
Mr. Conor came out of his reverie, startled. “Come again?”
“It attacked me,” repeated Melody. “The fake Teardrop. When I went to get it for Da—I mean Necrolius—I held up my hands for it, and it floated down into my palms, and then it shot light into my chest, and it hurt really bad, and I couldn’t breathe, and it burned like fire, and I fell to my knees, and then ... it was gone. I thought it was inside me somehow, and I got really scared; and then the next thing I knew I could feel something rising up in me, and then the whole world turned blue—I couldn’t see anything but blue—and then ... it was floating right in front of me. But ...” She looked up with worry at him. “... but it was dimmer, lots dimmer. And smaller, too. It floated in front of me all the way back to my house. Da—er, Necrolius—made me put it over a candle, and then it was gone, and the flame was in its place....”
Mr. Conor didn’t say anything in response. He seemed very deep in thought, and was regarding her, most disquietingly, as though she had just transformed into a space alien before his very eyes.
The roar of the surf was all Melody heard for what felt like an hour, but was probably all of a minute. Mr. Conor brought his hand up to scratch his clean-shaven chin. “You lost the flame, didn’t you, when you brought the candle back to the end of the Pier?”
“How do you know that?” she said Melody.
“The Black Coffin was good enough to inform me, but I felt it, too. I felt the loss of power. Or ... more precisely, the emperor felt it, and I felt it through him. He was busy killing me, after all ...”
He seemed to find that funny, and gave a short, macabre laugh. The disgusting image of Mr. Conor being killed by Necrolius washed through her, and it reflected in her face.
“You don’t understand,” he said, catching the look. “If it were the real Eleysian Teardrop, I wouldn’t have felt anything at all, and neither would Necrolius have.”
He shook his head, mystified.
“The truth is, Melody” he continued, his voice much softer, “you should be dead. And yet you survived. You killed an Imperial Mephastophian. I—he—felt that, too. One doesn’t easily kill such horrors. In the whole of the Saeire Insu, only my Kumiyaay could hope to defeat one of the emperor’s Mephastophians one-on-one. And yet you, completely untrained in combat, somehow destroyed it. You Solved it: with your powers you destroyed what should not be destructible using them. I—we—felt that, too.”
His eyes narrowed.
“And then you somehow managed to elude the Black Coffin himself, who, we believe, may be sending his Dreamcatchers after you, just as he did me once. We can talk about that later; it’s nothing to concern yourself with just yet and off the point to boot. The point is, I was unable to help you, and yet you survived what absolutely nobody else could have or should have....”
He bent forward slightly. “I haven’t told anybody this, Melody, what I’m going to tell you now, and I wouldn’t be comfortable if you repeated it to your mum. At least not just yet. Do you understand?”
Melody, biting her lower lip, nodded.
“I was dead,” he declared dully. “The Black Coffin had me. I was gone. I was dead, finished. I ...” He blinked as she goggled up at him. “I had gone to a vast, dark, frozen, polluted wasteland. There was a wall ... a broken wall ... It led to an entrance, an archway. I was being drawn to it against my will. I knew if I passed beneath it I’d never get out. I struggled and I fought, but there was no way ... I passed beneath it. I was dead. I had been consumed by that soul-sucking bastard.
“There was screaming all around me. Endless screaming, though I didn’t see anyone else. And then it came to me that I was screaming, too. The pain of it ... I cannot adequately describe it. It was like whole pieces of myself had been amputated, but worse than that, much worse. I was dead, and it was over for me, and all I could do was scream. Scream—and think of you. How I had let you down, how I’d never get to know you....
“And then ...”
A surprising smile flickered across his grim visage. “And then ...”
“What?” asked Melody, breathless. “What happened next?”
“I felt this touch on my shoulder ... an impossible touch ... a—a warm touch ...”
“A touch? Who touched you?”
Another flickering smile. But this one caught and spread.
“I think you know,” he said softly.
She whispered: “Yaeko?”
He nodded. “Yaeko.”
She said, “She ... she was with me—she was inside me somehow—I could hear her—when I had to fight that demon thing, and when I escaped Necrolius and the tidal wave ...”
“Yaeko,” said Mr. Conor with odd emphasis, as if doing so would finally shatter the thick, enduring barrier of his disbelief.
His eyes had gone far away, the light in them like the pale light of Ammalinaeus, too distant to touch, too beautiful not to behold.
“She touched my shoulder, and I stopped screaming at once. It felt so ...  was so ... perfect. I turned and looked at her. She was standing—she wasn’t in her wheelchair—and she had her violin and bow strapped across her back like an archer would sling a bow and arrow across his, and she was ... was ... was radiant, radiant like ... like ...” His eyes had gone glassy as he spoke, and Melody felt her own sting in response. His voice was cracking.
“She said, ‘Come, sensei. You do not belong here. Hold my hand ...’ ”
He gritted his teeth as a tear trickled out one eye and down his cheek. Melody couldn’t look at him; it was too much for her to see.
“I walked with her back to the archway, holding her hand, then under it, as if we were taking a Sunday stroll, that easy. And as I passed under it, I heard ... I heard ... the song ... It was a symphony, the very miracle she played that day when she opened up the Tangent. That beautiful, incredible melody....
“We walked under that arch like it was nothing, and the song was playing, all around, and she smiled up at me and then she hugged me. ‘Close your eyes now,’ she told me, and I did. I felt myself lift up and away ... and then I heard a bird cry ... and then I fell fast asleep. The next thing I know I’m looking up at Luis Arroyo and his Healers.”
Silence. It lasted a long time. Melody was thunderstruck into speechlessness.
Yaeko! The song! Her song!
Mr. Conor cleared his throat, composed himself. “There is the Apprentice,” he announced quietly but forcefully, and he looked at her in a way that she knew would cow his most seasoned and salty sailors. “And there is her best friend. Both are miracles unto themselves, both beyond compare. And yet their friendship is far beyond the sum of both combined. And because of that friendship, suddenly ...”
He reached out, hesitating at first, and then cupped her face full in his palm, just as he did at home, his own expression becoming gentle and affable again. He bent and kissed her forehead. Melody couldn’t help it: she threw her arms around him.
“Suddenly our chances seem almost hopeful,” he whispered in her ear.
She gripped him tighter, and then tighter still. She took a deep, tremulous breath. “I’m so scared ...”
“I know you are, Melody.”
He pulled back. He gave her a smile that was both devilish and fatherly, and which told her he had gotten a firm rein on his emotions.
“I heard there was an angel on the beach today,” he said.
“Yeah ...” Melody blushed at the compliment, feeling better with the change of subject. “Yaeko and I went boogie boarding—”
“That’s not what I’m talking about,” he interrupted. “My understanding of it is our good friend Thomas Heffledorf Jr. was with his gang today, and they went to steal your flotation device, is that right?”
Melody nodded, puzzled and surprised.
“And you walked towards them, and told them to leave it alone. Is that right?”
She nodded again, amazed that he knew all about this. It had seemed an entirely minor drama, even to her, despite what those creeps had done to Yaeko, and despite her undying hatred of them. It came to her then that she and Yaeko’s every movement was probably monitored. She no longer doubted that an entire army was centered like a laser beam on the both of them, and that the slightest provocation from anybody or anything would have the provocateurs staring straight into the crazed eyes of two hundred thousand armed, furious, and ready-to-kill Saeire Insu.
“The Pier Guards watching over you reported seeing ‘wings’ on you as you waded out of the ocean towards Mr. Heffledorf and his cohorts,” said Mr. Conor. “They said they looked like wings of white flame coming off your shoulders. When I heard this report I realized that the Antarctic Cottonwood concealing you and the Young Master could not hope to hold against your powers, especially when you are moved to anger.”
“Antarctic Cottonwood?” said Melody, reflecting with concern that she didn’t see white flames of any kind coming off her shoulders earlier today. “Is Antarctic Cottonwood why we can’t see your castle?”
“It’s part of the reason,” he said. And then he said, “I don’t think you understand the significance of what I just told you—and why should you?” He paused. “There is no known agent that can get past the shielding of Antarctic Cottonwood. The Guards were quite startled themselves, again as I understand the general reaction of those watching over you two.” 
He gave her a piercing grin. “There’s something about you, Melody, something way beyond the norm. Just as there is with Yaeko Mitsaki. We’ll have to take care tomorrow and not upset you in any way while on board the feint ...”
“The feint is one of your ships?”
He nodded. “A special kind of warship, one that can outrun other ships and draw fire away from bigger battlecruisers.”
“Will we be able to see your castle from the ship?” she asked, excited.
“Yes, you will. It’ll be a lot more fun than going to school, yes?”
“I’m not going back to school,” she said, feeling happy relief as she spoke the words. “Momma says I don’t have to go back ever again if I don’t want to.”
At that, Mr. Conor gave a warm smile. “Well,” he said, grasping her shoulder, “I’m not going back either.” He added, chuckling, “I really don’t think they’ll miss me anyway.”
“The kids’ll miss you,” she said. “You were the best teacher there.”
Mr. Conor looked genuinely grateful. “Thank you, Melody.”
“Momma says you’re going to teach me things when it’s time. What things?”
“Lots of things,” he said. “Lots and lots of things. After twenty years, I am no longer a public-school teacher, but a private tutor. Your private tutor.”
“Won’t your army and navy need you more? Won’t you have all sorts of paperwork and sitting on your throne and stuff?”
He laughed.
“It’ll all be fine, Melody, no worries ...”
The quiet of the evening descended upon them. But the ensuing silence wasn’t awkward, as before. Instead for Melody the silence was agonizing: the accompanying peace felt so real it gave her pain—because she didn’t want it to end. She knew Mr. Conor was feeling the same thing, and that only sharpened the pain, made it even more poignant. She looked out over the ocean with him, imitating his stance: right wrist clasped behind her back, chin up, eyes open and sharp. She liked the feeling the stance gave her, as though she could face anything standing this way. Something tickled at her spirit a minute later, and she said, “Momma says you’re a really good storyteller ...”
She didn’t have to look at his face to know he was smiling. “Would you like to hear the story she heard?”
“The story about the Traveler?” she asked excitedly. “She says it’s really good.”
“You of all people should hear it, I think,” he said cryptically, echoing her mom, who had said the very same thing just a few days ago.
“Will you tell it to me sometime?”
“Why not now?”
“Really? Cool!”
And with that, Mr. Conor told her the bedtime story of the Traveler. When he finished, a new kind of silence fell upon them, this one expectant with the touch of fragile wonder one dare not break by commenting or asking any questions. As if to break it on purpose, he said, “I haven’t told that story since I told it to Eleysius so long ago. What do you think?”
“It’s ... really beautiful,” said Melody with shallow lungs. And very deep within her, the memory of a conversation from this very afternoon, coupled with the image of her best friend walking with her teacher back under a desolate and evil archway, called to her:
Do you believe in angels, Melody?
“I think it is time we said goodnight,” said Mr. Conor, his face reflecting a resigned calm that hadn’t been there all night. “Would you mind terribly if I leave you here, Melody? I’ll have one of my Guards escort you home, of course....”
“Sure ... sure ... no problem,” she sputtered. “Are ... are you okay, Mr. Conor?”
“Never better, lass, never better.” He pulled her into another hug. “Best be off,” he said, holding her. “I’ll see you tomorrow morning. Please thank your ‘mumma’ again for the excellent meal, shall you?”
Melody pulled back, her face widening into a playful grin. “You were going to kiss her, weren’t you?”
He gave her a sharp, stern look, which scared her; she thought she’d crossed the line. But the look didn’t hold. Melody could tell he was trying to suppress a grin. 
“Nah,” he said, winking. “She had a little speck of something on her upper lip. I was just trying to get a closer look at it is all ...”
Melody rolled her eyes. “Oh, whatever, Mr. Conor ...”
The grin dawned. “Oh, whatever, Bug.”
He glanced up, focusing into the dark sky for a moment. A second later a large seagull came winging in, where it flashed beside him. Melody still hadn’t gotten used to this, and she jumped back, startled yet again. When the vapory white smoke dissolved, she found herself staring at the youngest Kumiyaay, the one known as Donaka Torrez-Manzanares. He smartly saluted his king, not looking at her, standing arrow straight, his blue and white uniform almost glowing.
“Escort Melody home,” ordered Mr. Conor. “See to it she arrives safely.”
The Pier Guard saluted again, then turned to her, waiting. Melody was taken aback by him, by his eye-catching good looks, but more by his demeanor, which she immediately sensed was austere and unkind. And more. Their eyes had met as he turned to look at her, and she was sure she could feel intense loathing in him for her.
“I ... I can get home on my own okay, Mr. Conor,” she said, hoping that would be good enough to get this Guard excused from escort duty, and knowing in advance there was no chance that would happen.
“Don’t be silly,” said Mr. Conor. “I’ll see you tomorrow.” And then he flashed right there. She gasped. The seahawk that streaked out of the dying ball of white smoke was just as her mom had described to her: magnificent and beautiful. But just as quickly as the raptor had emerged from the ball of aecxal light had he disappeared into the night, flying towards the North Coronados Island. Towards his castle.



Chapter 49
The Serig
To the degree that the walk to the end of the Pier with Mr. Conor was comfortable described the same degree that it was uncomfortable returning home under escort by his young Kumiyaay. Donaka Torrez-Manzanares said nothing to Melody, marching steadily to her right, silently, angrily. At the front door he gave her a hard, uncaring stare, saluted quickly, then flashed and was gone. Melody blinked away the strobe-light-like afterimage as she pushed the door open, closing and locking it behind her.
There wasn’t much in this life she was sure of—at all—but one thing she had no doubts about: one of Mr. Conor’s own Kumiyaay hated her guts.
~~*~~
Her mother was waiting up for her in the living room, reclining on the couch, her stockinged feet resting on the coffee table. She smiled at Melody as she came in. In her lap was the parchment delivered by the Kumiyaay Bulldis earlier in the day.
“Have a nice talk?” asked her mom.
Melody nodded. And then with a start it occurred to her: her mother never would have allowed her to accompany a grown man anywhere alone in the past, especially at night, no matter who it was.
“Bug?”
Melody came to herself; she walked into the living room and sat next to her, where she hugged her. Maggie wrapped her arms around her daughter, somewhat surprised, and they held the embrace for a long time, wordlessly.
They released each other at the same time, looking into each other’s eyes.
“Where’s Yaeko?” asked Melody. She really wanted to talk to her about what Mr. Conor had told her: about how she, Yaeko, had saved him from Necrolius. In all the time since their souls had returned from the Sankyan Wilderness, Yaeko had said nothing about it. Why?
“She’s already in bed,” answered her mom. “You’ve been out for a long time. She decided to crash—5 a.m. is very early.”
Melody looked into her mother’s lap, where the letter from Luis lay.
“It’s about me, isn’t it?” she said, stating the question flatly, as a fact.
Maggie nodded wistfully. “Of course it is.”
“Is it about the Dreamcatchers Necrolius might send to attack me?”
Her mom looked stunned, but only for a moment. She gave another wistful nod.
“Mr. Conor told me tonight,” said Melody unnecessarily.
“Ah,” is all Maggie got out.
“I don’t think it’s anything to worry about. He didn’t seem worried about it. So I’m going to try not to think of it,” said Melody with an odd note of defiance in her voice. Odd—because Maggie had never really heard anything like it come from her daughter before tonight.
Mother and daughter stared at each other, both feeling the exact same thing: their relationship had at some point undergone a quantum shift, and both weren’t aware that it had happened, nor were they ready for it. With respect to each other, they were both standing on new ground, trackless and perhaps a little daunting.
“Good ... good,” Maggie said, quietly, sporting an uncertain half smile.
“He told me the story of the Traveler,” said Melody. And she thought of Yaeko again, thought of her touching Mr. Conor’s shoulder, thought of her taking his hand and leading him back under the evil archway inside Necrolius’ unbeing to safety. She thought of the song: Melody. And she thought of flight again, of being a red-tailed hawk.
She looked at her mom, whose smile had widened.
“It’s a really beautiful story,” she continued. “You’re right—he really is a good storyteller.”
There was a moment of airy silence.
“Do you love him, Momma?”
Her mother’s face reflected the shock of the question for a second only; in the next it had gone soft and guarded. She gazed at Melody, probing her eyes for something Melody already knew she’d look for.
“He’s ... not like Daddy,” said Melody, helping her out.
“No, he’s not,” her mom chuckled weakly. “At all.”
“He’s kind of scary,” said Melody matter-of-factly.
Maggie nodded heartily at this, her eyes widening with agreement, and then she chuckled again. “He’s a king,” she said. “I don’t want to compare him to your father, Bug, but can you see your dad—as a king?”
Melody shook her head sadly. She didn’t join her mother and return the quiet laughter. She looked down and said, “I don’t want to compare them either. But that makes me angry.... I mean, I should want to compare them, shouldn’t I? Isn’t that what all kids do? ‘My dad can beat up your dad.’ ‘My dad is smarter than your dad.’ ‘My dad is richer than your dad.’ But I don’t want to compare Daddy with ... Mr. Conor,” she whispered.
Her mom pulled her close. “I know, Bug. I’ve struggled with the exact same thing, though for different reasons. Wouldn’t it be best to look at Rich, your father, and see his strengths and be grateful for them?”
“I suppose,” sighed Melody.
“Everything used to scare me, Mellow Yellow,” admitted Maggie in a faraway voice. “Everything. Especially men. I’d gotten really hurt a couple times, and so I decided that strong men were evil—always. They’d hurt you, my child, my daughter. So ...” She shrugged. “... so I chose Rich. He’d not hurt a fly. He really wouldn’t—not even if that fly was sucking the last few drops of lifeblood from his neck. And then you came along, and by then I was trapped in that fear. I’ve fed you fear your whole life, Bug: fear men, fear strangers, fear life, fear death, fear change, fear, fear, fear. It’s to your credit that a great deal of that fear never really took hold of you, especially with respect to strong men ... men like Aedan....”
“I’m scared of the future,” said Melody, reflecting once again on everything her teacher had shared with her this evening. “I’m scared of what I must do. I’m scared of what’s expected of me. It makes me really glad Mr. Conor is a strong man. It makes me glad he’s kind of a scary man....”
“Me, too, Mellow Yellow.”
Melody grinned at her.
“You still haven’t answered my question.”
Maggie lifted her bare left wrist, glanced at it with mock surprise. “My, it’s getting late! Why, just look at the time! Time for bed!”
“Momma,” Melody groaned, “c’mon! Why won’t you tell me?”
But her mother had given a big fake yawn and stood, parchment in hand. “Five will come fast, fast, fast, time for bed, yes, really fast, we need our rest ...” She started towards her bedroom, not looking back at Melody. But she could tell she was smiling. “So tired, need our rest, g’night, Bug, sleep well....”
As Melody passed her mom’s closed bedroom door five minutes later she gave it a smart rap with her knuckles. “Chi-cken!”
She heard a muffled snigger in response.
~~*~~
But 5 a.m. didn’t come fast at all for Melody; in fact, it seemed to take forever to arrive. She guessed that she had slept all of an hour of the six-odd she’d actually tried to, so caught up with everything Mr. Conor had told her; with the image of her mom kissing him; with the news about Yaeko; and with the very exciting prospect of actually sailing aboard a Saeire Insu warship.
Mostly, though, she tossed and turned thinking of her seemingly impossible mission, of thousands and thousands of Saeire Insu warriors, all of whom had trained to help her accomplish it.
Trained for twenty-two years.
One hour of disjointed, adrenaline-tinged sleep mixed in with five of wide-eyed insomnia, and she was already up and dressed and ready to go at a quarter past four, and impatient that Yaeko and her mom were not in the same shape she was. Dressed warmly and yawning (except for Melody, of course), they ate a quick breakfast, then left the house for the short five-block walk to the Pier.
She had resolved the night before to talk to Yaeko the first chance she got her alone on the feint, but knew that chance wouldn’t come for a long time, possibly not until they had returned home later this afternoon.
(She considered having that conversation in the special voiceless way she and Yaeko shared, but decided against it. For some reason it felt inappropriate.)
The skies were dark and low and the air bordered on outright cold—an oddity in late May in San Diego. An intermittent breeze kicked up, whispering of the possibility of rain. Melody caught the slightest hints of it in the air, the dusty sweetness that greeted her nose every now and again, and worried that rain would postpone the proceedings. Under her breath she angrily cursed it away. Yaeko motioned up, and she and her mom glanced up to see seagulls above them—at least four groups of three each following.
Ten minutes later and no rain still, they were making their way up the Pier. The gulls banked away when they stepped on it, leaving them alone.
There were people near the end, maybe a dozen in all, standing in front of Fisherman’s Choice, now closed and dark inside. The Eleysian Teardrop’s light was bright, its radiant blue a sharp counterpoint to the unfocused gloom all around them. The Teardrop’s light outlined the people’s clothing, and Melody could see right away they weren’t Imperial Beach locals, or Mexicans, or tourists, or Americans. These were Saeire Insu, all of them. As they approached the entire troop came to attention and saluted as one, the STOMP!—STOMP!STOMP! jolting the wood under their feet. The one Melody had seen before, the obvious leader of the troop, the one with the blond-white hair and a nasty scar running down the length of his face, separated himself from the others and approached with the somber gravity appropriate to a funeral—which, Melody reminded herself, this was.
He bowed before Maggie. “Ms. Singleton,” he said crisply, rising, “good morning. Thank you for coming.”
“Thank you for asking us, Commander,” said Maggie. “It’s good to see you again. I believe you know my daughter Melody and her friend Yaeko?”
He brought his half-crazy gaze to Melody, then stepped in front of her and gave her and Yaeko a bow. Straightening, he said, “I know of them, ma’am. But I have not yet made their formal acquaintance. Melody ... Yaeko ...” he said, looking at each of them in turn, “allow me to introduce you to our servicemembers ...” He motioned towards the other Saeire Insu, who did not move at his general introduction of them, but held stiff ranks. He said, “You may remember me. I am Supreme Commander Guptaamaq Jelignite. The king will be along shortly; he’s already aboard the Serig. Please let us know if you get too cold; we will be sailing for approximately ten hours today, and should be returning to the Pier no later than 4 p.m. In the meantime, is there anything I can do for you?”
He was staring right at Melody.
“Uh ...” croaked Melody.
He had the exact look of someone who, if she voiced a request that upset him in the slightest, would grab her bodily and heave her over the railing into the sea. All while smiling that insane half smile.
“Uh ... no, thanks,” she managed to get out at barely a murmur, hugely intimidated.
He shifted his manic gaze to Yaeko, who gave a short jerk of her head, also scared. Maggie said, “Thank you, Commander. We also want to thank you for accommodating us today. We hope not to be in your way ...”
“This is as much for you as it is for our warriors and Healers, Ms. Singleton,” he replied with a thin note of reproach in his voice, turning to face her. “On behalf of the Saeire Insu, may I say that I hope the day is meaningful and memorable for all of you....”
He turned his head away, then looked back. “The feint is here. Shall we?” He motioned the three of them towards the troop.
Maggie and the girls glanced with anticipation out over the water, in the direction that the Supreme Commander had just looked. But there was nothing out there. Nothing at all.
“If you’ll just follow me,” said a female voice to Melody, surprising her. The voice belonged to a young woman uniformed in browns and blacks, with a shortsword strapped across her back. She had a kind face. Melody hadn’t seen her approach.
“Uh ... okay ...” said Melody. She turned to look at Yaeko, who shrugged, her eyes reflecting excitement. Maggie led the way, followed by Melody, then Yaeko.
Her mom turned suddenly, pointing out and down. “Look, girls—look!”
Melody and Yaeko followed her pointing finger. “Whoa ...”
The steel-gray water just off the Pier’s south side ... had a huge, moving, oval-shaped depression in it! It was as though some invisible object was pressing down on the sea at that point, displacing it, cutting through it: waves surrounding the depression sloshed up against something totally transparent above it, washing along whatever it was and away. A long glassy wake trailed behind the hollow, making it appear even weirder than it already was.
The sounds of orders, voices yelling heartily in response: a foreign language of some kind ... all out there, right where the oval-shaped dent was!
Maggie nodded, excited. “You hear that, girls? They’re out there, invisible! They just ordered full stop—‘Pier dead ahead!’ Did you hear it?”
“Momma ...” said Melody, staring with amazement at her, “they were speaking in a foreign language. Can you understand them?”
“No they weren’t,” said Maggie, “it was English, plain as day! It ... it wasn’t?” For both girls were vigorously shaking their heads and staring in wonder at her now.
They came to the group of warriors waiting for them. The long water hollow was now paralleling the Pier, lining its length up with the superstructure. Melody guessed it to be at least twenty feet deep along the flat foot-wide strip running the length of its center, cutting it in half, and at least two hundred feet in length, tapering to long, sharp tips at both ends.
More yelling. The three of them were being directed by the troop to the point where the Pier widened considerably, the building that housed Fisherman’s Choice and the Eleysian Teardrop above it just a dozen or so paces away. Maggie grabbed Melody’s shoulder. “Watch! Watch, girls!”
At first, nothing. And then, as they gawked, breathless, it happened: like a ghost substantiating back into a flesh-and-bones body, the Saeire Insu warship appeared out of the cold gray air, filling in the oval depression perfectly, its rigging towering over them, its sleek black hull just feet away. Men and women were hustling to and fro on its deck, securing the boat to the Pier, which ...
The three of them blinked, moved back three paces.
For the Imperial Beach Pier had somehow grown right in front of them, with a lift of sorts having appeared out of thin air just past the railing an arm’s length away. The railing itself had grown hinges—
A gate!
It opened onto a platform perhaps fifty feet square, which was lowering to a mated landing built into the port side of the Serig’s hull, near its tail.
The warship was quite striking. Its design looked distinctly alien but possessed a very familiar catlike quality to it, like a great waterbound black jaguar, dark, swift, and cunning, but one that had evolved on an alien world, now prowling Earth’s rather more timid seas. Though apparently smaller than Saeire Insu battlecruisers, the Serig looked more than capable of holding her own in a fight. Melody wondered what the larger ships in the Saeire Insu looked like, and felt a thrill steal through her. For it was her geometry teacher who ordered all of them around.
Speaking of her geometry teacher ...
He was standing on the landing ten feet below them, smiling and waving up at them. Melody stared openly at him, and knew Yaeko and her mom were, too.
For Aedan Conor wasn’t dressed as a teacher, but magnificently as a king.
He stood garbed in a black and purple outfit, a gold-embroidered cape over his broad shoulders, one that gathered to a circular clasp just above mid-chest. He was flanked by two armed Kumiyaay who stood still and silent, looking straight ahead. The lift was whisper-quiet (even though it was hand-cranked by men just off to the side), and before Melody knew it, her teacher was standing before her.
The three of them stood silent as department-store mannequins, staring dumbly up at him, their mouths hanging open.
He looked into the eyes of each of them before saying, grinning, “If I wore this get-up to school, Doreen Lilywhite would write me up for dressing down.” He snorted. “Isn’t life ironic?”
Melody considered that he looked the kind of man capable of leading thousands into battle in that “get-up,” and that he wore it with commanding ease and artful forgetfulness, as though it was a natural fact that others would follow him into battle, any battle, and that he didn’t have to wear this, he could don a tattered loincloth and the effect would be the same.
When the silent staring stretched awkwardly long, Melody (aware that she, Yaeko, and her mom had been gaping rudely at him all this time, and hadn’t even bothered to return his smile from a moment ago), glancing at her mom and finding only trancelike wonder in her eyes, somehow found the inner chutzpah to take it upon herself to comment, which she did.
“Your king clothes,” she said, smiling shyly.
He aimed his gaze back at her, a twinkle in his eye. “My king clothes.” He glanced at the other two—“Hello, Maggie; good morning, Yaeko”—then turned to face his troop, which waited in ranks with Commander Jelignite. “Let’s be off, Commander.”
The Supreme Commander and his troop came free of their salute, and within seconds had surrounded Melody, her mom, and Yaeko, both of whom were glancing at each other and giggling conspiratorially. “We’ll board first,” said Conor. “Yaeko, your wheelchair will need to be braked for safety as we’re lowered. Melody ...” She waited expectantly. “... will you do the honors when it’s time?”
Melody blinked up at him, confused. Then she got it. “Oh, you mean Yaeko? Sure ... sure ...”
The gate had remained opened; the three of them, Mr. Conor, and his two accompanying Kumiyaay walked past it and on the lift. The platform itself came with its own railing, and as the lift lowered to the feint Melody felt a sudden need to grasp it, which she did. For how many times had she walked this Pier, had passed this very point in the past, and had done so utterly unaware of this contraption’s existence? Its reality made her feel weird, even dizzy. Or maybe it was the reality of all of it bearing down on her—Mr. Conor, the Kumiyaay, the Eleysian Teardrop, the Pier to Forever ... she couldn’t be sure.
The platform touched down on the Serig, at which point the Saeire Insu waiting there saluted them. There were at least five steep stairs leading down to the top deck; Mr. Conor turned to Melody after peering down them and said, in the voice of a skeptical instructor, “Show me.”
Melody glanced at Yaeko. “Ready?”
Yaeko gazed down the stairs. It would be a long and injurious fall. She looked with concern up at Melody, then nodded surely, turning and settling herself into her seat, grasping the chair’s armrests.
Melody was suddenly aware that her mother, her teacher, an entire warship, and the troop on the Pier all were watching her. It had become very, very still.
Could she do this? She stepped self-consciously behind Yaeko, her heart thumping, the air in her lungs suddenly very thin. Could she concentrate? Could she? She felt her confidence slipping by the second. Mr. Conor had completely fooled her by his “get-up.” He wasn’t a king right now, no. He was her teacher—and this was a test.
She stuffed her hands into her jeans pockets, wanting to disappear. She went to take a deep breath—
—It’s okay, Melody. Relax and let it come to you.—
Mr. Conor.
A second later:
—Do you suppose there are any cute young sailors on board, Melody?—
Yaeko.
Melody couldn’t suppress the giggle; it bullrushed its way past her stage fright and out of her throat, sounding almost like a hiccup, causing Mr. Conor to gaze at her quizzically. And then there it was—the aecxis. It floated just above Yaeko’s head, and as she took the necessary deep breath to steady herself, it approached and flashed brightly in her mind’s eye. There was nothing to be intimidated or frightened by: the universe consisted solely of her and Yaeko and Yaeko’s wheelchair; with almost laughing ease, and with her hands still stuffed in her pants pockets, she exhaled. Yaeko lifted cleanly and evenly off the platform and over the landing’s edge (giving a quiet “Wheeeeeee!”), where, secure in her chair, she hovered for a moment before lowering calmly to the Serig’s deck. When she touched down, Yaeko twisted around and winked playfully at her, beaming.
Melody returned the smile, realizing at that moment that she could have done the very same thing yesterday at the beach, and wondered why she didn’t think of it.
She turned to face her deceptively dressed teacher.
He was staring at her like he had for a time last night: like she was a space alien or something.
“Was that ... okay?” she asked unsurely, alarmed at his gaze.
“You didn’t use your hands,” he stated plainly, quietly.
“I—Is ... is that wrong?” she said, abruptly hyperaware of them. She yanked them out of her pockets, afraid she’d violated some Mathematician’s etiquette or something.
He shook his head contemplatively. “No ...” He studied her, a concerned smile coming hesitantly to his lips. “It’s ... quite remarkable. Well done. Well done indeed.”
“Is everything okay?” asked her mom. Melody could tell she was trying to hide her startled awe. Melody glanced about; the Saeire Insu around her were whispering to each other and looking at her, their faces filled with wonder.
“It is,” said Mr. Conor. “It’s just a bit ... how shall I put it? ... awe-inspiring? ... It’s a bit awe-inspiring how quickly Melody is learning, how much she’s able to do now. For three long months I worried if she could solve a simple geometry proof; now I’m standing here feeling utterly foolish for feeling that and wondering not what she can do—but what she cannot do.”
He grasped Melody’s shoulder fondly. “Let’s go sailing.”
~~*~~
The first thing Melody noticed upon boarding the Serig was the deceptively smooth and fluid order among the Saeire Insu. Deceptive because it didn’t appear at first blush to be smooth or fluid at all, but random, loud, and chaotic. Mr. Conor hadn’t set both feet on the deck of the warship when it was off, the sails unfurling above them like vast kites against the sky, the Saeire Insu symbol proudly greeting the thick, low-hanging clouds, the crew hustling all around them, shouting in a foreign language to one another. Maggie and the girls were led by Mr. Conor to the bridge (Mr. Conor (also not using his hands, Melody noticed) lifted Yaeko’s wheelchair this time up the six stairs leading there), where they met the captain, a short, sallow-skinned man with a pointed orange goatee streaked with white and eyes that matched the steel-gray of the sea. His name was Rice Lampson, he informed them in perfect English after gruffly shaking their hands. He was Neptonian, and had proudly served his king since the very beginning, having captained another boat, the Ceidu (“Crusher class,” which was, apparently and proudly, the most impressive class of Neptonian warship) in the battle against the Gyssians. The Ceidu was lost in that battle, he told them with a gravelly growl, but not before reducing three of Necrolius’ largest boats to “demon-lovin’ funeral pyres.” At this he gave a grim, satisfied smile.
Mr. Conor, who was standing behind them, listening, broke in with, “Captain Lampson captained a crew of nearly eleven hundred, seven hundred of which saw the light of the next day. As impressive a feat as destroying three Gyssian Capsizers, I daresay.”
At this, Captain Lampson bowed, his craggy visage reflecting the pride he felt at the compliment. “If you will excuse me,” he said, rising, “I must be off to my duties.” He saluted Conor. “Sire,” he said, and then turned back to his wheel, which had been temporarily manned by one of his lieutenants.
“If you’ll excuse me as well,” said Mr. Conor, “I must prepare for this service. I’m not sure of the finer points involved in it just yet, and I need to confer again with the family and friends of the deceased, who are below deck. If you need anything—a bathroom break, food, drink, a barf bag—” he grinned at that—“just speak up. The Serig is at your command.”
It occurred to Melody just then, after she and Yaeko exchanged ewww! faces, that she didn’t know if she’d get seasick, since she’d never been sailing before. It seemed quite odd to her that this was so, since she’d lived next to the ocean her entire life. But sailing was a very expensive hobby, and they—she and her mom—were not rich. But she felt no resentment over this, because she couldn’t even consider sailing any other way than the way she’d been introduced to it here, today. She glanced at Yaeko, and could tell that her best friend felt the same way. Together they watched the Imperial Beach Pier shrink slowly away from them.
~~*~~
The Serig was indeed just like a swimming jaguar, Melody considered hours later as she watched seagulls (the troop that had been waiting for them on the Pier?) idly circling the warship. The Serig didn’t ride the waves as much as cut right through them, noiselessly, aggressively. She seemed capable of catching the slightest breeze and amplifying it, adding its velocity to hers. It seemed impossible to her that she could ever get seasick on board such a well-designed, well-run vessel.
Yaeko suddenly grabbed her arm. “Whoa,” she said, pointing. “Look at that—”
Melody followed her pointing finger. The low-hanging clouds, which had clung stubbornly to the sea all morning, and which had long since obscured the Pier, now quite distant, were finally lifting. Yaeko was pointing towards the North Coronados Island, which was significantly closer now.
“There it is, girls,” said Maggie. “Isn’t it beautiful?”
“Wow,” said Melody very quietly, unaware she had spoken.
Mr. Conor’s castle, the one named the Kathlin Rory Carrick Castle, though still shrouded by thinning bright white morning sea mist, was plainly visible, its towers and turrets and walls having magically reshaped the island from the way Melody had she up seeing it, the castle’s many windows catching the filtered sunlight and reflecting it over the waves. There were trees clustered here and there about the castle (and even on it), trees like leafy green mushrooms or thick cotton swabs, small against it; they threw indistinct shadows over the steep slopes and long walls. Ships were moored here and there in the waters around the island proper; Melody knew they were probably bigger than the Serig. 
But against that castle, they looked like little toys.
The same thrill she felt earlier considering Mr. Conor’s power over an entire navy shot through her again, hugely amplified. She held still, and stared, and knew without looking that Yaeko and her mother were doing the same thing.
“Kinda blows your mind,” said her mom blankly after a while.
“I wish we could go there,” whispered Melody. “It’s so beautiful ...”
“Aedan assures me that’ll happen, Mellow Yellow. Up close it’s even more impressive. And the interior is ... well, there is nothing I can say that can do it justice.”
“I agree,” came a deep Irish voice just behind them.
All three of them jumped and spun around.
Mr. Conor gave a devilish smile, then looked out with them. “I have no vacation days from teaching,” he said reflectively. “Did you know that?” Without waiting for an answer, he continued, “There were teachers who saved them up—there was one who had taken a total of three days off in thirty-five years of teaching. It wasn’t because she loved teaching; she hated it. She hated the kids. But she refused to take time off, to get her bearings, to set herself straight. She grabbed those sick days like they were gold coins, stowing them away like a pack rat or a sullen old miser, never to be spent for any reason. I once asked her why she didn’t use them. She looked at me as though I were crazy. They were more important to her than anything.
“But teaching in that system is poison. It has to be to anyone even remotely sane. Many times it would get to me; add to its hell my responsibilities back home—” he motioned shortly towards the castle—“and I’d have to get away. Care to guess how I recharged?”
He glanced at them, smiling, this time waiting for a reply. Maggie said, “You went sailing.”
He nodded. “I’d take as little work as I could get away with from the castle and from my classroom, grab a ship on its rounds and set off for the day—or for longer, sometimes. I tried to stay out of the crew’s way, of course; even still, the Saeire Insu navy came to dread it, as I learned over time. ‘The king is taking a day off teaching today,’ they’d groan amongst themselves, hoping I’d not pick their boat. The unfortunates who ended up with me ... well, they’d pretend not to care I was there, as I told them to time and again, but it was obvious: my presence was the same as an inspection, and I guess from their perspective, and against everything else I said to the contrary, it was.” 
He shrugged apologetically. “There was never a time I wasn’t impressed with them over all those years; never once did I disembark feeling displeased with them, either.” He leaned in closer, so that only they could hear him. In a lowered voice, he said, “But that makes for very poor leadership. So every now and again I’d make due something displeased me, and I’d give a hard frown and tell the captain I expected the problem to be solved the next Vacation Day, and that I’d visit his boat again next. I’d come back a few months later, and those crews ...” He nodded. “You think the castle looks impressive? You should’ve seen those crews....”
He straightened up, the glint in his eyes mischievous.
Melody considered that Mr. Conor had taken several days off this past semester. Did he grade her geometry homework while sailing around his invisible castle in an invisible Saeire Insu warship just a few miles offshore? And did she later perhaps grab an ice cream cone at Surfing Bessie’s with Yaeko and look out towards those islands and think nothing of them, or the sea separating her from them?
It occurred to her just then that she was invisible to anyone standing on the beach back home, just as she and Yaeko had been yesterday while boogie boarding. The entire ship was invisible. Like yesterday at the beach, she felt a sense of freedom steal through her; like yesterday, she smiled with the sensation.
Maggie said, “Does it ever get tiring, all the stiff ranks and groaning crews?”
“Oh, most assuredly,” chuckled Mr. Conor. “Which is, selfishly, one of the reasons I’m so glad you’re here today.” He looked conspiratorially around. “They’re a bit more relaxed with you three on board with me than if it were just I alone,” he said with a touch of weariness in his voice.
“Sensei?”
He gazed down at Yaeko, smiling expectantly.
“How did the castle get its name?” she asked. “Would you mind telling us? Is it the maiden name of your mother?”
Mr. Conor’s smile softened a bit. He gazed out at it, then said, “Well, no, not really. The first name—Kathlin—is hers, of course. But Rory and Carrick aren’t in any way related to her. They were mates of mine on an English privateer ship when I was but a young boy. I assume Maggie told you both the story, did she?”
Melody and Yaeko nodded.
“We were little more than bloody slaves,” he said, his smile gone. “It was a hard, brutal existence on board that ship. Rory and Carrick were both best mates of mine. Along with the rest of the scrubs, we were given little more than a filthy, rat-infested corner in the bowels of the ship to sleep in. Most of the scrubs would pass out after their chores were completed; Rory and Carrick and I would often stay up, however, and try to imagine our way out of our predicament. ‘Someday we’ll have a castle,’ we’d tell each other in the dark, ‘we’ll rule a kingdom. And we’ll order these fat, drunken sailors around as they order us around now.’ We’d take turns playing king, and describe in great detail how we’d run our kingdom.”
Mr. Conor held silent for a moment, his face drawn.
“Both Rory and Carrick died on that ship. Rory got dysentery; and Carrick ...”
He cut himself off. “Well,” he said, “let’s just leave it at that.” And while the three of them stared, he added, “I couldn’t be a king and have a castle without honoring them somehow, could I? I mean, I made it: by hook or by crook I became a king—and quite against all odds. I’d like to think I’ve been the sort of king they’d be proud to serve....”
It looked as though, from Melody’s perspective, that her mom was about to say something, but didn’t know where to begin.
“Breakfast,” said Mr. Conor, interrupting the attempt. “It’s being served in the captain’s quarters below deck. Care to join me?”
Melody and Yaeko nodded; Maggie said, “S-Sure. Girls?”
“I can get Yaeko,” said Mr. Conor to Melody. “Why don’t you follow my guard—” he motioned towards a stationed guard at the foot of the stairs leading up to the bridge—“he’ll escort you to the captain’s quarters.”
Melody and her mom followed the guard; as they turned to descend steps below deck they looked back to see Yaeko floating down the banister from the bridge, Mr. Conor guiding her way behind her. At the lower landing they waited again. When Yaeko had touched down and Mr. Conor had descended the stairs a moment later, they walked through a broad room lined on both sides with large black shuttered cannons and crowded with many more of the crew, who were all standing at attention. Mr. Conor saluted back, then motioned with his head towards a door at the end of the room, which stood open. Maggie, Melody, and Yaeko went through it to yet more salutes. A long table covered in linen and with place settings for ten waited invitingly for them to sit at it. The place settings were quite fine, like china or something better, the silverware etched in gold and glinting in the morning light that streamed through the many windows that comprised most of the upper half of the aft wall. Mr. Conor said, “Sit, sit ... We’ll be eating with friends and family of the deceased, who should be here momentarily....” He glanced back and nodded to someone, then turned and sat between Melody and Yaeko, who was pulling her wheelchair up to the table’s end.
A few minutes later they were joined by an old man with a short white beard and round face and dressed not in a uniform but in what Melody recognized as Healer’s garb; the kind-faced young woman whom she had first met on the Pier, the one dressed in a uniform of browns and blacks; three Kumiyaay, all of whom Melody and Yaeko knew: Carcaryn Gellantara, Sketch, and—Melody gulped as he entered—Donaka Torrez-Manzanares; and, finally, the captain himself, who closed the door behind him after growling at someone to “get the grub going.”
“Sire,” said Captain Rice Lampson, “shouldn’t you be sitting here, at the table’s head?” Yaeko was seated at the other end; at this, she gave a panicked look around and said, “Ohmygosh, I’m so sorry ...” and began backing away—
Mr. Conor laughed. “Captain, this is your boat. Take a seat, please. Yaeko, please remain where you are. I’m perfectly comfortable here, Captain, at the corner between these two very pretty young ladies.”
The captain bowed humbly and sat. “If I may, Sire,” he said, grinning, “it’s actually your boat ...”
“Only on Vacation Days,” he responded, and they all laughed, including the seated Saeire Insu. All, that is, except for Donaka Torrez-Manzanares, who instead sighed impatiently. Sure enough, Melody thought, trying not to look at the very dour young Kumiyaay sitting across from her, “Vacation Days” were known all over the kingdom.
“Very good, Sire,” said the captain. “May I—?” He glanced from Maggie, Melody, and Yaeko to the other side of the table.
“Of course,” said Mr. Conor. “I’d appreciate that, Captain—”
“Very good,” said Captain Lampson. “Ms. Singleton, Melody, Yaeko, I’d like you to meet the friends and family of the deceased, who have joined us today for this memorial service. To my immediate left here is Phi Cranus, Senior Healer; to his right is Carcaryn Gellantara, Ske T’chel, and Donaka Torrez-Manzanares of the Sixteenth Angeli Magna Coronados; to his right is Sandri Piaul of the Ninth Landward Guardians. Esteemed Healer and King’s Warriors, this is Ms. Maggie Singleton, Miss Melody Singleton, and—” he swept an arm in Yaeko’s direction—“Miss Yaeko Mitsaki. After breakfast there will be a short period before the service begins in the event you would like to chat more. For now, however”—he clapped his hands together in anticipation—“let’s eat!”



Chapter 50
Of Remembrances & Sacrifices
For Melody, the breakfast was a combination of outright fascination mixed with nervous trepidation. The Saeire Insu were cordial and kind, and spoke, as the captain did (and as she knew the Kumiyaay were capable of) perfect English. She considered that they did so for her and her mom and Yaeko. The breakfast they ate was an unusual mix of fish, slightly hot spices, and an odd and plentiful assortment of vegetables and fruits, a dish Captain Lampson called “Neptonian sea bass—or the closest thing we can get to it here.” It was quite delicious; they washed it down with fresh, cool water and orange juice. Of this last, Captain Lampson said, heartily, holding up his half-empty glass, “The first time I tried this, I thought I’d died and gone to heaven. It reminds me strongly of paicoh, a Neptonian concoction ...”
“I’ve tried paicoh,” said Sketch with a grin. “Half a shot and I was out. It’s better used, I think, to clean the grease off heavy machinery.”
Mr. Conor and the rest laughed in agreement.
“Then it’s perfect for me, isn’t it!” grunted the captain. “I am heavy machinery!”
Melody listened quietly to the ongoing conversation, not speaking unless spoken to, and then answering very quietly, as did Yaeko. Carcaryn Gellantara had noticed their shyness, and on occasion tried to engage them, but to no avail. The presence of these Kumiyaay, the Healer, the captain, and their king—her teacher—was a bit much for them. Mr. Conor seemed to appreciate their predicament, but didn’t press them, only giving them a warm smile now and again. Her mom, however, seemed quite comfortable, and made up for their lack with her own comments and anecdotes, half of which embarrassed Melody acutely, being the always-humiliated-by-the-parents-in-mixed-company teen she was; Yaeko, too, seemed at times embarrassed as well, and at several points she and Melody telegraphed frustrated shrugs and rolls of their eyes to one another, then giggled quietly as Mr. Conor, sitting between them, looked on, oblivious.
The nervous trepidation came from across the table, at the corner. Kumiyaay Donaka Torrez-Manzanares said almost nothing, sitting up straight and stiff in his chair, facing his king, his gaze cast resolutely downward at his meal, his eyes dark and filled with a barely concealed haughty dislike of the proceedings. He ate without speaking a single word, answering only when his superiors—Mr. Conor, Captain Lampson, and, one time, Carcaryn Gellantara—addressed him. His reply to each was curt almost to the point of rudeness. The group, with silent understanding passing among them, chose, largely, to leave him be. He had answered his king once—a question about his mother, who had died trying to save Yaeko—and when he went back to eating his meal, glanced at Melody. Her innards went ice cold. He possessed a burning hatred for her, she was quite sure of it: and that glance only reconfirmed that hatred to her. She considered discussing it later with Mr. Conor, but stopped herself in mid-thought. She had no desire to get anyone into trouble, and thought she could trick out what was bothering him. For it was she, Melody, “the Apprentice,” who was, by all rights and reports, the reason his mom died, her killer.
Should she talk to him herself? The thought gave her chills. His glance was genuinely threatening; and after he shot Yaeko one too, she thought the better of it. Perhaps one day, after he’d had a chance to mourn and gain some perspective, she mused. Perhaps then. In any case, she wouldn’t have to do it today. She could wait.
“Coffee, anyone?” said Mr. Conor, interrupting her thoughts.
“There’s another surprising Gaian drink!” chortled Captain Lampson. “Like sea-bottom muck run through a hot filter. Who’d’ve thought I’d enjoy it so much?” He growled at the two attendants waiting at the doors, “Sea-bottom muck to go around, men! And bring in some of that cow juice too!”
“Milk, sir,” said the young woman uniformed in browns and blacks, the one known as Sandri Piaul.
“Cow juice!” roared the captain, laughing.
The group was soon served, and the cabin filled with the smells of fresh-brewed coffee. But even it had an alien tinge to it; and Melody and Yaeko, curious, asked for a taste from Maggie’s cup, which she provided. Sure enough, it did taste different, but in a way that seemed to delicately augment the coffee’s flavor, which in times past Melody didn’t enjoy. But this was quite delicious—a smooth, almost chocolate taste, just teasing her taste buds, combined with a hint of some mysterious fruit. She handed back the cup only after her mom complained that she and Yaeko were drinking the lot, at which point the attendants gave them their own cups, which earlier they had refused. 
After a while the conversation dwindled. Mr. Conor, noting this, dropped his cloth napkin on the table, then rose and said, “I think it’s time. Attendees ...” He looked around at all of them. “... you will stay down here below deck until a guard comes to fetch you, at which point you’ll accompany him topside. There should be seats arranged by now up there; please sit in the one offered to you. Melody—” he glanced over his shoulder at her—“if you’d do the honors once more and help Yaeko with the stairs, that’d be appreciated. You two will come together, all right?”
They nodded in unison.
“The ceremony is quite basic in the end; it requires nothing of you, Maggie, or you two, Melody and Yaeko, aside from your respectful attention. At its conclusion we shall reconvene down here for a brief, private gathering. I’d ask that you three, Maggie, Melody, and Yaeko, stay topside for that, as it concerns only the surviving friends and family of the Saeire Insu. Follow?”
Maggie, Melody, and Yaeko nodded silently.
“Very good,” said the king, straightening to his full and imposing height. “Then let us begin.”
And with that, and to standing salutes from his captain and the gathered Saeire Insu across the table, he left, the door closing behind him. Melody could hear the sailors in the cannon room come to hard attention.
The first to be fetched was (gratefully, Melody felt) Donaka Torrez-Manzanares. The guard who came for him was garbed magnificently in reds and blacks, a sword at his side. The guard said nothing upon entering, but, upon saluting the group, turned and stared at the young Kumiyaay, who rose stiffly and left. Again came a loud salute from the next room over.
And so it went. Sketch was next, followed by Carcaryn Gellantara, then Sandri Piaul, then the Healer. The captain’s mood had become quite subdued; he stared stoically ahead as each of the attendees were taken away. Finally the guard came for—he saluted, then directed his tough stare at—
Maggie.
She rose without a word and departed, but not without placing her hand softly on Melody’s shoulder as she passed.
It was just she, Yaeko, and the captain, who continued staring very somberly ahead.
The moment seemed to stretch on endlessly. But then the guard returned. He brought his gaze to Melody, then to Yaeko. Melody rose nervously, waited as Yaeko backed up and turned her chair around to leave. With the guard leading, they entered into the cannon room.
STOMP!—STOMP!STOMP! resounded the salute.
It hit Melody hard then (as all such displays of respect and veneration did): this was a very solemn occasion; and she and Yaeko were not being held responsible for what had happened (well, not completely, she thought as the haughty, unkind face of Donaka Torrez-Manzanares came unwelcomed into her mind), but were asked to join in the mourning of the Saeire Insu’s loss. The full impact of those losses, and of the ceremony celebrating their lives, bore down with crushing immediacy on her. She strode steadily ahead, Yaeko within touching distance to her right, the warriors on both sides standing at attention, and considered the contrast of the jovial, lighthearted breakfast with this moment, and wondered if that wasn’t part of the plan. The contrast was sharp as the edge of a sword, and Melody felt it bite into the flesh of her spirit.
They came to the foot of the stairs. Melody, freezing in place, the gravity of the funeral sagging onto her shoulders, knew then without trying that the aecxis wasn’t going to come this time, no matter what she did.
A wave of crippling fear overcame her. She was going to screw up this entire ceremony ... and she had no doubts that at least one among the Saeire Insu held her responsible for his mother’s death! What would they think when she failed in this venerated observance? Donaka Torrez-Manzanares’ dark, threatening, disdainful face was suddenly omnipresent in her consciousness ...
—Yaeko, I—I can’t!—
The guard waited patiently at the landing at the top of the stairs. Eventually he turned to look down at them, his face like stone, checking on what the hold-up was.
It was then that Melody felt Yaeko clutch at her forearm.
She glanced down at her best friend.
Yaeko’s eyes were fierce with determination as she grabbed her upper arm, reaching for her shoulder, using her other hand to push down on the armrest. She was trying to stand! Melody bent to accommodate her—
—No, Melody! Stand straight! Straight!—
Melody, shocked, straightened up, and as she did, Yaeko successfully grabbed her shoulder with her other hand.
The guard was rushing down the stairs to help—
“I’m fine,” said Yaeko in a piercing whisper to him. “I don’t need your help—”
Melody wrapped her right arm around Yaeko’s lithe waist. There were suddenly three more guards behind them, ready to assist; Melody glanced without looking at the one trying to get the wheelchair away so she or Yaeko wouldn’t trip over it. “Thanks,” she grunted appreciatively.
She gazed at Yaeko, whose face was just inches from her own. “Are you sure you want to do this?” she whispered.
Yaeko laughed silently, her face glistening with sweat. “Of course,” she quietly gasped. “I can almost do three at home. Maybe I can do—” she looked up the stairwell, counting—“twelve?”
“Something like that,” said Melody, once again awed by her. “Ready?”
—I will be your aecxis, Melody. Let’s go.—
And with that, and with great effort, Melody helped Yaeko mount the first stair. The guard waiting for them just a few steps up couldn’t maintain his stony countenance; his eyes were unmistakably bright now with a go for it! attitude in them as he stared at them. Soon, with each struggling, trembling step Yaeko took, he was giving a full salute—STOMP!—STOMP!STOMP! It wasn’t long before he was joined by the entire complement in the cannon room behind them.
Yaeko’s face was red and sheened in sweat; Melody’s too. Eight stairs, nine, then ten. At stair eleven Melody turned to see without noting any particulars that one of the Saeire Insu had grabbed the wheelchair and was following them dutifully up into the dazzling late-morning light.
After mounting the twelfth and final step, she gave Yaeko an incredulous smile.
—Yaeko ... you did it!—
Yaeko glanced at her, the burden of heavy fatigue unable to touch the victory leaking forth from bigger and bigger fissures beneath it.
—With a lot of help from you, Melody,— came the breathless reply. —Thank you.—
The sailor bringing the wheelchair up behind them, Melody finally noticed, was young—he couldn’t have been more than sixteen—with eyes silver-blue like the June moon and medium-length feather-light blonde hair; he was tall and fit and completely impressive in his uniform. He helped Melody reseat Yaeko, his hand briefly resting on the small of her back. “Here you go ...” he said to Yaeko; he then flashed them both an absolutely disarming smile before hurriedly descending the stairs back to his post.
Melody, red with effort—and now with a solid blush adding lavishly to it—glanced at Yaeko, and they had to look away from each other to keep from squealing.
Mr. Conor was looking at them, his face very serious.
She and Yaeko made their way to the bow, following the guard, where the memorial was taking place. Maggie had twisted around in her chair and was regarding both of them with what appeared to be a mixture of worry and agitation. The other attendees were seated; a couple of them had turned too, including Carcaryn Gellantara, whom Melody greatly admired. She surveyed Melody without smiling.
The girls took their places behind Maggie, who didn’t whisper anything but gave Melody a very slight but understanding smile, as if she had just figured out what had taken her and Yaeko so long in getting topside. Mr. Conor was standing before the gathering, which had come to order and was now waiting for him to speak.
Melody knew Mr. Conor didn’t like to give long speeches, and he did not disappoint here. He did not dawdle, but spoke succinctly and quietly of those who had died, each in their turn, offering only the sparsest information on their lives and backgrounds. His words focused instead on what he thought of them as people—as friends, as members of the immediate community, as citizens of his kingdom. With a couple of them he offered thoroughly funny anecdotes, ones that had the attendees (and no small number of the crew of the Serig, many of whom had gathered behind and to the sides) laughing openly. Even Donaka Torrez-Manzanares’ stony face cracked for an instant as Mr. Conor related a story of how his mother and two other Kumiyaay had mistaken an erratic seagull for one of their own and had chased it around the beach for several minutes, enraged, until they figured out the bird was merely a very crafty—and very un-Transformable—actual seagull. The young Kumiyaay gave the slightest of nods along with the hint of a smile before once again sinking balefully into the heavy darkness that seemed to engulf him.
There were five small urns—or what looked like urns—on a table to Mr. Conor’s left; at the conclusion of his eulogy he said:
“Color the waters with bravery. Color them with the sight of love; color them with the blood of sacrifice. Grant to the sea the ashes of these five who so looked upon these depths and changed them, who bled over them and enriched them. So that when we sail Mother Ocean we are blessed with their sight, and her dark waters are tamed by their will. Let their breath now be our breath, so that the winds tighten our sails and our vessels land us upon friendly shores which serve our highest good, as well as the highest good of all concerned. For we are One in God’s sight. We are his blood; we are his breath; we are his seas and his depths. So be it.”
The Saeire Insu, including the crew standing at the periphery, all said in unison, “So be it.”
At this a specially uniformed troop appeared to Melody’s right. They were dressed in hard red and virgin white, the capes waving off their backs emblazoned with the Saeire Insu symbol.
One by one Mr. Conor gave them an urn, which they took solemnly, lining up at a starboard set of stairs next to the bow. The stairs led to a short gangplank, and it was then that Melody noticed that the Serig had similar stairs and gangplanks on the port side as well. They reminded her vaguely of planks in pirates movies: but these surely weren’t for walking condemned prisoners off their ends; instead they—
The first red-and-white-garbed of the troop mounted the stairs, urn in his hands, where he marched to the end of the plank, and—flash!—was a seagull winging wide out over the water. He circled the ship once before mounting the steady sea breeze, gaining altitude very quickly. High over the ship now (Where has the urn gone? Melody wondered. Is it somehow part of the gull’s body now?), the seagull flashed. The human guard, at least a thousand feet up, little more than a red dot, fell, having released the reappeared urn. Yaeko gave an audible gasp, staring up—so did Melody and Maggie—as the man, holding himself arrow straight, plummeted at full speed for the sea. But just before he slammed into the water, which surely would have killed him, he flashed yet again:
“Color the waters with bravery, Tamare Torrez-Manzanares,” Mr. Conor called out as the urn fell into the sea with a lonely splash. The seagull, meanwhile, had zoomed out of the death fall, a sparkling comet’s tail of dissolving white aecxes following him. He circled the ship once more, then flashed above the forward port gangplank. The guard came down the stairs, where he saluted his king before turning on his heel and facing forward.
And so it went. Each guard did as this first one, flashing on the starboard gangplank, falling from a great height over the water after releasing the urn, human and helpless, then flashing back as a bird before smashing into the sea and winging back to the port gangplank; though two of the five were not seagulls once they flashed; one was a cormorant, another a pelican.
“Color the waters with the blood of sacrifice, Naoto Sati....”
“Color the waters with the sight of love, Riko Sati....”
“Color the waters with our highest good, Aren Icci....”
“Color the waters with our tears, Eler Soncasse,” finished Mr. Conor as the final urn splashed down into the sea.
At this final call the assemblage came to its feet, silent. Maggie and Melody stood as well. The special guard, once again a unit, marched before their king, where they began to sing. The song wasn’t in English. Offered in a minor key, the voices of the guard clear and strong and resonant, Melody had no doubt that the words cried out in loss and grief. She felt them rain sadly on her soul, and tried not to think of how many times she had already cried over these who had died trying to protect her and Yaeko. With glassy eyes she looked up at her mother, who wept silently, sniffling quietly.
At the conclusion of the dirge, the guard marched off.
“Thank you for coming,” said Mr. Conor somberly, giving his audience a bow. “If I could meet with the family and friends of the deceased in the captain’s quarters right away ...” He gave a quick nod; then, as the entire ship stood at attention, he swept past Melody and Yaeko and back below deck. The four Melody, Yaeko, and her mother had breakfasted with followed.
The crew of the Serig started dispersing back to their duties. Maggie, wiping her eyes, gazed over her shoulder at her and Yaeko. “What happened?” she asked.
Melody told her: the aecxis would not come. She was feeling too much pressure from the moment, too much of the sadness surrounding the event. She did not tell her about Donaka Torrez-Manzanares or feeling responsible for it all.
Her mother blew her nose. “Are you okay now? Did the guards help you up, Yaeko?”
While Melody nodded, Yaeko, whom Maggie was focusing on, shook her head.
“Then how—?”
But before Yaeko could answer, Commander Jelignite flashed onto one of the port gangplanks and marched down the stairs to face them. The three of them glanced up at him.
“We are sailing back for the Imperial Beach Pier, ma’am,” he announced. “We should be there in less than four hours. I’ve been instructed to see to your needs. Is there anything I can do for you?”
Maggie looked at the girls who, shyly, shook their heads. She gave a glassy-eyed smile and said, “We haven’t had a proper tour of the ship, Commander. Would that be possible?”
Commander Jelignite looked somewhat surprised. “My apologies, ma’am. I do hope you haven’t felt ignored....”
“Not at all,” said Maggie. “The crew has been quite hospitable all day. I’m sure everybody has been preoccupied by the memorial service ...”
“We have been, yes,” acknowledged the Supreme Commander with a grimace. “We have had to maintain a certain level of secrecy over our actions today, in order to protect you three. I do not report this to make you feel bad, but because I have been ordered by the king to keep you completely apprised of all circumstances surrounding ... your presence.”
The last two words were spoken directly to Melody. Those crazy eyes were boring into her again. “The inconvenience has been our honor, believe me,” he quickly added.
“A tour?” He motioned briskly towards somebody past their line of sight. “Consider it done.”
There were quick footsteps, which halted just feet from Melody’s left shoulder. She heard Yaeko give a tiny gasp and looked up—
It was the really cute young sailor from earlier, the one who had brought Yaeko’s wheelchair up the stairs. He seemed, standing at attention before the Supreme Commander, utterly intimidated.
“The royal family requests a tour of the Serig, midsilo. Please show them around; answer any questions they may have. You’ll stay with them the rest of the voyage. Understood?”
“Y-Yes, sir,” responded the—what was a midsilo?—young man.
“Go to it, then,” said Commander Jelignite gruffly. He turned back to Maggie. “The king should be concluding the debriefing within the hour. At that point I’m sure he’ll want to rejoin you. But if you have need of me in the meantime, please just let any of the crew aboard know and they will come and fetch me.”
He strode off after giving them a short bow, leaving the “midsilo” alone with them, who seemed fairly overwhelmed at fulfilling his duties. Or ... maybe it was Melody’s mom who flustered him. 
“Ma’am,” he started ...
“Call me Maggie,” said Maggie, smiling warmly. She had caught the lightning-quick glance Melody and Yaeko had shared, and knew exactly why they had looked at each other. This young man was quite striking.
“I ... I don’t think that would be appropriate, ma’am,” he said, trying to sound confident and failing very endearingly. “The Commander would probably not approve ...”
“I take it you know Melody, my daughter, and her best friend Yaeko?”
He nodded; then, remembering that this was the king’s declared “royal family,” gave them a fast bow, still nodding. The result was comical, but no one laughed. Melody, for one, felt sorry for him.
He rose sheepishly, his face flushed.
“What’s your name?” asked Maggie.
“Momma ...” Melody said reproachfully, giving her a very pointed stop it! look. But the young man had already straightened stiffly to answer, looking over their heads.
“Chalcôn, ma’am,” he said as if answering an inspecting superior. “Midsilo Ruing Chalcôn, gunnery’s first study, ma’am. At your service.”
Maggie looked at her daughter, then at Yaeko. Both of them were red-faced, too. She knew the rosiness in their cheeks had nothing whatsoever to do with the sun, which had become quite strong as the misty morning had given way to a bright, shimmering afternoon. That daunting, trackless new ground she stood on with respect to Melody made itself known to her once more, for Melody had never shown such an interest in a boy before, as she was very obviously doing now. Maggie gazed at her, then at Yaeko, who too was smiling shyly up at the young and very handsome sailor. She took a quick breath; then, with some hesitancy, she chose a brand new path on that daunting and trackless new ground:
“You know, I’ll catch up with you all later. I need to use the bathroom. You start without me, okay?” She looked at the young “first study” at the same moment that a flood of decades-old teenaged angst and romantic hope washed through her. She said: “It was very nice meeting you, Ruing Chalcôn.”
He held himself at attention. “Ma’am.”
She thought then of bending and kissing Melody’s head, but ... no. She won’t do that.
Trying to suppress the knowing grin threatening to crack her calm countenance, she turned and made her way to Commander Jelignite, who had just reappeared at the top of the stairs that led down to the cannon room. He watched as she approached.
“Is everything okay, ma’am?”
She turned to look back at Melody and Yaeko and their tour guide. Ruing Chalcôn appeared much more relaxed now she had gone, and was smiling and pointing around, speaking animatedly to them. She noticed that Melody kept biting her lower lip in a very unconscious and cute way, and that Yaeko was blinking a bit too much (it wasn’t that bright out), and that they weren’t saying much; but Maggie could tell the girls were much happier she wasn’t there. She didn’t feel hurt; instead she gave a soft chuckle.
“Ma’am?” said Commander Jelignite, following her gaze. “Is the midsilo not the appropriate choice? I can replace him—”
She turned and patted the Supreme Commander on his broad shoulder. It felt like she was giving affection to a steel I-beam. She gazed up at him, smiling. “Oh no, he’s quite perfect. I was wondering: would you care to join me for a cup of coffee in the captain’s quarters, if they’re still open and the king is finished?”
Guptaamaq Jelignite gave her one of those crazy half smiles, one that broadened into a full one. He studied her closely.
“You’ve had a good day,” he said, as though reporting a just-discovered fact to a fellow adventurer.
“I’ve had a great day, Clockwise.”
“Coffee sounds great.” He grinned. “But I doubt it’s as good as yours, and I doubt the cups will be quite as charming either, what with the ‘PUPPY LOVE’ and the infant canines on them.... Shall we?”
Maggie preceded him below deck, sniggering. As she descended out of sight she looked up to see the young sailor, Yaeko, and Melody moving off together. They were all smiling.
~~*~~
With the Serig once again moored to the Pier and the sun easing down towards the watery western horizon, Mr. Conor led Maggie, Melody, Yaeko, and the family and friends of the fallen Saeire Insu behind Fisherman’s Choice and through the back kitchen door, which was open and guarded by black-garbed Sentinels, cowls pulled darkly over their faces. The king saluted them as he swept passed them, leading the way into the darkened hallway. The troop that had waited for them early this morning brought up the rear.
The ladder attached to the hallway ceiling had been pulled down and secured to the floor, the ceiling hatch opened. Eerie, otherworldly blue light flooded through it. The Soul of Eleysius, shining steadily for over twenty years, the hope of this tiny kingdom, the hope of two worlds, cast a lightning-like sheen on Yaeko’s black hair as Melody stared at her.
“Ready, Yaeko?” whispered Melody. Mr. Conor had already mounted the stairs, followed by Maggie. They waited expectantly at the top.
Yaeko nodded. She glanced over her shoulder and whispered back: “Do you think you can do it this time?”
“No problem,” said Melody. “I know I can. I can even see the aecxis right now ... It’s amazingly bright.”
She inhaled, and the aecxis in her vision disappeared with a oddly victorious sparkle, something she had never seen an aecxis do before. She breathed out, then had to immediately think: —Slow! Slow! It’s okay ... Sorry, Yaeko ...—
For Yaeko had zoomed upward through the hatch with the very slightest effort from her, as though she didn’t need to exhale fully; in fact, she barely had to exhale at all! Something had changed within her; something was very different now, somehow....
Yaeko stopped just before striking her head against the slanted ceiling of the Tower Sanctuary Room. Melody scrambled up behind her, then lowered her slowly to the floor. Mr. Conor regarded her with some amusement in his eyes.
“Are you okay?” he asked.
She nodded, blinking heavily. But she didn’t feel okay ... or, rather, she felt very okay. She felt stupendous, powerful, her lungs infinite, her breath godlike, eternal. She felt so good that it was making her dizzy, almost woozy, like a great bird of prey given fantastic new wings that allowed it to soar higher and farther than it could ever imagine with its old ones.
“Are you okay?” Mr. Conor asked Yaeko. 
Yaeko smirked in Melody’s direction, then gave him a reassuring nod, squinting in the bright blue light cascading upon them in soft, slow sheets.
“Good, good,” said Mr. Conor.
Maggie was watching Melody, once again trying to hide her startled awe. This was the closest Melody had come to her mother in three hours, having spent the entire return journey with the cute young sailor, who made the scenery and the warship somewhat secondary, though he tried hard (and failed) to keep Melody and Yaeko’s attention drawn to those things. He had left them with a very courteous bow and that same disarming smile, saying he hoped to be at their service again soon.
The rest of the memorial attendees were now standing in the Tower Room. Everyone squinting, they brought their attention to Mr. Conor, who said, “It is a tradition among us to give thanks to the Eleysian Teardrop during special times. We do this to recognize the Teardrop’s importance to the Saeire Insu, and to the futures of the people of Aquanus and the people of Earth. We are the Teardrop’s sworn guardians. I cannot help but feel awe that the individual charged to return the Soul of Eleysius to its rightful place finally, after twenty-two years, stands with us now.”
He brought his no-nonsense gaze to Melody.
Without another word he turned on his heel and marched under the bright cerulean light where, with his left hand held up to chin level, fingers up, thumb in, he brought his hand slowly down to his midsection, where he held it for a moment, his eyes closed, before releasing the salute and stepping out of the light. He looked at Maggie, motioning her forward to do as he just did.
Melody’s mom did the same thing, standing under the cascading light, her brown hair almost glowing under it, a very serious expression on her face as she closed her eyes and gave the same salute. She stepped out from under the light. It was Yaeko’s turn.
Yaeko wheeled under the Soul of Eleysius. She glanced up at it, squinting and smiling slightly, then brought her chin down. She closed her eyes and saluted. Then she wheeled back to Melody, whose turn it was to salute the Eleysian Teardrop.
Melody hesitated. The last time she had stood in the Tower Sanctuary Room and under the Eleysian Teardrop the light had descended and shot painfully into her chest. But that wasn’t really the Tower Room; and Mr. Conor had told her just last night that the radiant blue light that had brought her to her knees wasn’t the Soul of Eleysius. She gazed unsurely at him, the godlike sensations still coursing electrifyingly through her.
—There’s nothing to fear, lass— came his deep and assuring Voice in her mind. —You are perfectly safe here. Nothing will happen to you.—
Melody, her eyes fixed on his, approached the light, came under it. Everybody was watching her. She broke her gaze from her teacher’s and went to give the salute, closing her eyes—
The Soul of Eleysius exploded like a supernova, blinding everyone. A glittering spear of heavenly radiance shot straight down from the explosion’s center into her chest. She went to scream but could not, the pain overloading every nerve in her body—
She was walking along a pleasant dirt road. On both sides of her were fields of shoulder-high corn which stretched away into a beautiful valley left, to her right reaching in gradual stages up to the foot of a series of small, round, rocky foothills. The road crested a couple hundred feet in front of her; at the top she stopped. She held her breath.
There was a small farmhouse with a barn just down a ways and back a bit from the road; the road itself meandered happily on, disappearing into a thick copse of tall trees before reappearing much farther on towards a beautiful village cradled in the shadow of distant purple mountain peaks. In the center of the village rose a magnificent cathedral, towering grandly over the steep-roofed homes, rising high into the pleasant, sunny, puffy-clouded blue sky. At the top of the cathedral’s high tower shined a tiny bright blue light ... 
The Eleysian Teardrop!
“Hi, Melody.”
She gazed down, startled. An older man was coming up the road to greet her. He had strong masculine features and a bald head; he wore dirty blue coveralls and a smile she had missed dearly for five years. Her heart jumped.
“G-Grandpa?”
—“Melody? Melody? Melody, speak to me! Are you okay? C’mon, lass, wake up, wake up ...”
Mr. Conor.
She opened her eyes.
“M-Momma...?”
She was back in the Tower Sanctuary Room. She was looking up. She must have fallen: the back of her head felt split in two. Stars swam nauseatingly in her vision. 
Mr. Conor was holding her close, gazing with deep concern down at her. Her mom, Yaeko, and the Saeire Insu were in a tight circle all around her, looking down on her, worry etched in every face. 
She blinked up at her teacher. It was very dark, almost too dark to see.
It hit her then.
The Eleysian Teardrop ... was gone.



Epilogue i
Once a month, the great, hulking dreadnoughts returned from every Quarternia. They were so large that they could be seen for many miles out on the open ocean, looming slowly, forebodingly towards port, the symbol of the Imperium on their sails pronouncing ownership and dominion over all.
The great ships’ destination was the land at the center of Aquanus, the one formerly known as the Kingdom of Vanerrincourt. Docking in tremendous slips specially constructed to accommodate them, they’d disgorge their cargo.
Human cargo.
Thousands of human beings, squinting in the light, walked the long wooden ramps angling down out of open portals in the ships’ bellies to broad and barren docks. They were herded roughly along by other human beings, armored and armed, standing guard on both sides of them, or winging above them as seagulls. Some of the guards had thin black whips; those among the human cargo who lagged behind, or who cried too loudly, clutching their little ones, or who collapsed from illness or hunger or neglect on their long voyage here met the snapping crack of them. The sound rent the air in random staccato bursts, followed by high screams cutting across grunts of commanding rage. 
Those who still couldn’t keep up, or for any reason refused to fall in line, were made a public display of: chopping blocks on raised platforms were located in full view of the moving crowd. Men and women and, sometimes, children were brought to kneel before them, where they were bound to the gore-soaked wood. Their necks stretched flush, their faces down, their executioners would approach hefting long axes, the sharp, curving edges gleaming red with the blood of the last condemned, whose heads were piled gruesomely in large black metal baskets like gaping maws at the foot of the platforms. The executioners had had long practice: they were calm, detached experts in dispatching their victims. With quick and accurate downward strokes the severed heads would fly off, the bodies jerking galvanically as gouts of thick red blood spurted in regular, dwindling arcs out of the fresh stumps, the guards assigned to collect the corpses hasty to do so, tossing them into carts stacked high with them. Stacked fully, the carts would roll off over the dock as new ones came up behind them to take their place. 
It was an efficient assembly line of death, one that had worked without flaw for almost seven Aquanian-years—the same amount of time it took a newborn baby to grow into a young man.
Except this next prisoner was by no means a young man. He was clearly in middle age, much older than seven. He fought ferociously against his captors as they hog-tied him, his bearded face wild with fury, his eyes wide and bright. He cursed at the guards, he spat at them, he twisted and struggled against his binds as they gruffly shoved him Adam’s apple down against a free chopping block.
“You’re all cattle!” he roared, not at his captors, but at the long line of disgorged passengers passing compliantly by. “Fight them! We are many, they are few! We can defeat them! Rise up! Fight them—”
The butt of a broadsword against the base of his skull silenced him, but only long enough to finish securing him to the block. The executioner approached, his armor spattered red. He raised his axe.
“THE RED TALON IS COMING! THE RED TALON IS—”
—Thunk!—
The man’s head spun off and down into the hungry metal basket below, where it rolled amid the others as a heavy, pulsing, hot rain of his own blood followed, disturbing the flies and rats, which dispersed for a moment before returning to resume their grisly feast. His body was lifted even while it still jerked and spasmed and bled by two attendants and thrown onto a fresh cart seconds later.
The crowd passed compliantly by.
The guards didn’t speak of it; they didn’t really care what men said before they died; it didn’t matter, none of it did; but were they affected enough to share their observations of their daily tasks they would have discovered that such outbursts about this mysterious Red Talon were becoming more and more frequent. Every ship had one of these zealots, it seemed; sometimes two or three exponents of the Red Talon loudly proclaiming his imminent coming debarked from the same dreadnought before the executioners’ axes silenced them once and for all.
But the Yellow Tracluse didn’t care what men said before they died, and so took no notice of it. After all, the compliant and endless lines of humanity being marched along were going to die too, and why give attention to someone going on about some seditious criminal named the Red Talon when giving attention to thousands of crying, begging, and pleading people plodding along to their own doom meant absolutely nothing?
It was just their job, after all, nothing personal in it. They were just doing their jobs. The cattle and the cattle drivers were all in the same boat named Compliance: those in line were doing their job by marching off to their doom; those marching them off to their doom were already dead.
It was a perfect process, a perfect circle, one so vicious and pernicious that it required nothing more of the ruler of it all than to watch it on occasion from high and far in deep satisfaction. For the long lines were marching towards him, towards the abortion of his keep, what was once the beautiful Temple Kentein Intersectum.
The thousands marched without speaking like a parade of zombies through the great city once known as Quadris Empiricus, referred to today in uncivil circles as the Raped City, recognized officially as Imperium Centrum. But the city was not great today in the sense of its glory under the rule of the kings of Vanerrincourt, as the world’s center of trade and education and politics, but great in the only possible sense left to it, which it grasped like a starving man would rotting meat: as a sprawling, gray, depraved den of ultimate evil.
It was here, deep in the Raped City, in the omnipresent shadows of the mighty Empresses, that the human guards, the Yellow Tracluse, disappeared, and the demons appeared. And it was here that the crying and pleading ceased totally. For crying and pleading got the demons’ attention. And after the people saw what happened to those who got the demons’ attention, silence fell like a meat hammer upon them all. No one in line even dared glance sideways at the monsters marching them along.
A few of them averted their eyes up just long enough to glimpse the structure they were headed for after being pushed and lashed onto a Great Pier, the silver-green infinitum beneath their feet unyielding and indifferent.
It was a massive blackish-gray wall.
Hundreds of feet wide and at least twice as tall as its width, the wall looked like a collection of thousands of thin metal pipes that had congealed under a corrupt glue of decaying, stiffening flesh and raised as an edifice. High above, it broke as a point against rain-laden clouds, which broke against the distant skying purple face of an Empress peeking through in luminous, shifting gaps.
No. They weren’t headed for this tremendous structure; they were being split into two groups and led to its far corners, in order to go around it. It was there they were joined by a second line coming along a second great edifice just like this one, situated next to it. They were going between the buildings, into the shadowy gap separating them. And then it came clear: there were four such buildings, all the same design, all the same height, arranged in a huge circle around a smaller (but still intimidatingly large) central building.
The central building was rectangular and broad and fronted by stairs and regal, high columns; but it was constructed of gleaming white stone, not the horrible material that made up the towers surrounding it. Behind the columns nothing could be seen. It was black as hell’s darkest night inside the building, as though the daylight dared not penetrate it.
Suspended between the buildings high up was a thin, spidery latticework that connected the towers to each other; at the center of the lattice, directly above the white building, was a huge dark circle: a suspended structure perhaps half the size of the white building itself. The lattice kept it from collapsing somehow, the lattice and the structure itself of the same material that comprised the four surrounding towers. The lines of humanity were flooding around every corner of those towers and up the stairs and between the columns into the total darkness.
They had entered into the emperor’s Audience Chamber. The crying and pleading returned here, along with the sounds of thousands of people falling over each other in the pitch blackness. But the demons didn’t seem to care now: they prowled around the tightly packed mob, their yellow cat’s eyes glowing menacingly. On occasion they would pull someone on the edge out and feast, the victim’s singular screams of horror packing the crowd even more tightly together, each trying to hide him- or herself within the mob. The lines outside were being directed to wait now by the Mephastophians; but people looking from inside the Chamber in that direction found they could not look out, as though the blackness that had totally engulfed them sucked all light into it, and returned nothing back. It was cold in here: freezing cold. People sightlessly crowded closer together, eager for the warmth of their fellows.
A sudden bass roar:
“OFF WITH YOUR CLOTHING! IF YOUR CLOTHING IS NOT OFF BY THE COUNT OF TEN, WE WILL DEVOUR YOU WHERE YOU STAND! ONE, TWO, THREE ...”
With the cries now came the sounds of clothing being stripped or torn off of bodies as quickly as its owners’ groping fingers could get at it. Elbows and knees gouging thoughtlessly, wildly into the soft flesh of their neighbors, the noise like flat slaps, made more brutal by the lack of any protests or grunts of pain. Clothing being ripped off of children, who wailed without restraint, beyond terrified. Chattering teeth, hunching, naked bodies crowding closer to one another for precious warmth, the smell and feel of another’s cold, clammy sweat. Naked human body clumped against naked human body against naked human body. No one standing there could tell that there were thousands in that chamber; their lamentations did not echo, like the light wasn’t reflected, but seemed to be sucked away into the frozen blackness, forever.
All at once, the blind, shivering crowd went completely silent. It was as though their collective sixth sense detected that something else had joined them. Something at the center of them, at the center of their mass. It was a bare whisper of sound that gave it away, one no one should have been able to hear amid the din: a breath of gliding doom that had descended down among them.
Utter stillness.
A great cry suddenly emanated from the center of the blackness, one that quickly worked its way out to the mass’ edge, gaining volume by the second. Thousands of voices mixed into one in a unified gasp of horror and pain: men and women and children choking and coughing and spitting and yelling as something invaded their faces, their eyes, crawling up their noses, into their ears, down into their windpipes and lungs, down into the dying spark of warmth deep in their bellies. The invader sucked, and sucked, draining them greedily, pulling their life force into his own, powering himself by their resistance, now offered way too late, the rage of the anonymous bearded man warning of the coming of the Red Talon forever forgotten.
No more cries or screams now. Just the less and less frequent rich, bloody gurgle punctuating the single, monomaniacal hiss of an unbeing consumed with lust as he gorged himself on the mass of flesh that had frozen grotesquely into one under his multitudinous clutches, his breath slow and regular, his deep groans of delight falling upon his compliant subjects. And then even the gurgles ceased.
A long moment passed in total silence.
There was a sudden sense of release, as though the frigid, lightless air could get no colder and shattered with the effort, and the evil insufflation ascended up through it and into the sky beyond the unseen ceiling as a deafening crash resounded throughout the Audience Chamber, like tons of ice being dropped on vast and unyielding stone floors.
The pairs of yellow vertical pupils were back now, lots of them, along with the sounds of metal shovels scraping, the bass sounds of grunting, the sounds of inhuman speech.
He will be back soon, they told each other. Many more are waiting outside: we must prepare the Audience Chamber quickly: work harder, work! Father will be back soon....
Above the great circle at the center of the spiderwork lattice hundreds of feet off the ground, Emperor Necrolius Anaxagorius rematerialized from the black tornado swirling at the foot of a grand series of stairs that led to a high throne at the circle’s apex.
A demon was waiting for him there. But this was no ordinary demon: this one had no curving ram’s horns or bullish face or yellow cat’s eyes. This one’s eyes were a pale, pale blue, almost white, and quite like a human’s. It stood eight feet tall and came cloaked, its hood pulled back off its head, its clawed hands clasped deferentially over its broad and armored midsection. Its near-human face, black as the Audience Chamber itself, seemed to consume the daylight totally, so that its strong features seemed impenetrable, almost statuelike.
The demon bowed at the reappearance of its master.
“Your bidding, My Lord?” Its voice was almost subsonically deep.
The church choir sounded from beneath the fathomless cowl. “Send for the prince, my good Pios.”
“Yes, My Lord.”
The great demon bowed again and strode off, gaining the first of the latticework supports. From up here it was clear that they doubled as walkways to the Four Towers surrounding the emperor. There were other demons on them, and humans too, walking to and from them; others, as mutant flying beasts, occasionally flashed onto them as they made their way into the Towers. All appeared as small as ants from here, which was exactly how the emperor wanted it. The demon named Pios had soon vanished into the East Tower; Necrolius watched him go in before turning and gliding up the stairs to his throne, where he sat.
—Move.—
At that moment his throne, which stood at the very apex of the circular structure, began turning silently, slowly.
The Emperor of Aquanus surveyed his world. He had a little time yet: the Mephastophians in the Audience Chamber would be completing their cleaning chores in just a little while. A fresh batch of souls would be packed in for him soon after, and he’d descend again and feast.
Necrolius Anaxagorius sighed, feeling a deep, cold satisfaction suffuse him. The heavy clouds overhead seemed to rush on, as if afraid to disturb his peace. Their shadows shifted the light that played over his keep in a manner that accented its terrible beauty to the greatest effect; he hoped the long lines marching into the Audience Chamber saw it too, and that it enhanced their mortal terror. For terror spiced their souls just so, like pepper sprinkled over a favorite dish, and it increased his appetite as well. And he enjoyed being hungry. He had noticed long ago that the hungrier he was, the more efficient his empire ran, the more terrified of him his subjects were, the more compliant they were. And so he’d ordered his mighty dreadnoughts to return to port only once a month, in order that he’d be starving by the time they docked, in order that his patience and anger traversed a razor-thin edge for weeks prior. For fear was the greatest motivator, and no one inspired more fear than he, their exalted emperor.
Quite without willing it then, he thought of the girl. The word fear had prompted it: he really had had no desire to consider her. But the recent discovery of her presence had for a very short time evoked that contemptible emotion inside him. For he had never sensed such a spirit before, one so completely antithetical to his existence. (Was it she who stole the mutineer king’s spirit from him at the very moment of his death? Was she capable of such a feat? Impossible!) Consumed by that contemptible fear, upon his return he immediately ordered three times the usual haul of human souls each month.
As a result, the girl no longer presented any kind of a threat to him, any abilities she may or may not possess notwithstanding. She was no threat—just as that exiled king and his piddling little kingdom hanging by a thread at the edge of the world were no threat. It wasn’t a matter of having to convince himself of these things; he was quite certain of his superiority, of his empire’s dominance and permanence. His lordly wisdom promised it.
His insatiable hunger guaranteed it.
He laughed aloud. The sound was like a great gathering laughing at a joke told by a stage performer. “She is but a little girl,” he said to no one. “A weak, pathetic little girl.”
He laughed louder.
“And very soon she will be ashes.”
His throne was coming full circle when he saw the prince walking steadily towards him along the same walkway the demon Pios had set upon earlier. A small, stocky man led the way.
“Nothing but ashes. Greatness indeed.”
—Cease.—
The throne stopped its slow rotation at once.
As frightening as he, the emperor, was, he knew that his two top henchmen, Pios and Prince Trajan, were in many ways just as terrifying to his subjects, for they were his emissaries whenever trouble needed to be quelled in a distant land or new decrees needed to be announced or enforced. He, Necrolius, rarely journeyed beyond the comfort of Imperium Centrum; he left the distant adventures to be had by his faithful high subordinates.
He had saved Trajan so long ago by stitching to the prince’s mutilated, corrupted spirit some of the consumed souls within his own unbeing to fashion a new spirit for the boy, and by infusing him with a touch of green demon blood. The blood of a Mephastophian would spur him to survive, to heal, and to hate to the deepest recesses within the abomination of his new soul the Dreamcatcher and, especially, the Dreamcatcher’s king who had brought him to the sorry state he had discovered that day. And so Prince Trajan’s pupilless blue eyes had become mottled with barely visible tiny flecks of glowing demonic yellow, the terrible transformation inside him unable to hide itself fully.
It had come to Necrolius then, as he and his Dreamcatchers worked frantically to save the prince, that if he gave tiny bits of Trajan’s mangled spirit to his children, that their weakness for fire would be slaked, if just enough to keep them from being driven mad by it. He was surprised when it worked; he was even more surprised to see barely visible tiny blue flecks in those yellow cats’ eyes: the very same shade of blue of Trajan’s own eyes.
He watched as the prince approached. Trajan had aged admirably. The prince’s face, made sharp and snakelike by the absence of ears, had hardened, the lines in his chin solidifying; those mottled-blue eyes, which in his youth were human and pure in color and which would occasionally widen with youthful, innocent surprise, now never did, remaining shrewd, cold slits. When Trajan smiled today, there was no innocence whatsoever in it. And on the very rare occasion he did, thousands were sure to die soon after. Trajan Chaundran wasn’t human anymore; but neither was he fully demon. He was, to Necrolius’ way of thinking, quite nearly the perfect being, the best possible complement to his matchless unbeingness.
The prince came before his dark liege and bowed. The small, stout man bowed as well.
Rising, Trajan said, “The Keeper, My Lord.”
Harry Chin rose slowly, his bald head gleaming in the uneasy light, his solid black eyes inscrutable, his long, braided white beard tucked into his tunic as the prince’s subordinates had demanded he do as a show of respect. Necrolius didn’t mind such an impertinent stare coming from this being: normally such impudence would have met with instant death. But this was not a man, in truth, and his potential use to the Imperium was incalculable.
Still ...
“Such boldness, Keeper, that you dare come here, that you dare look upon me as an equal.”
But the Keeper said nothing, merely staring fearlessly up at him, waiting.
Necrolius gave a short chuckle. “Do you know what I want?” 
Harry Chin bowed in acknowledgement, rose.
“Do you understand what I will do to you should you fail?”
Another slow bow.
“Then return to the Eastern Tangent at once, animal, and kill her.”

(No, it’s not)
The End
The adventure, in fact, has just begun.
~~*~~



Ready to read more?




And when you’re finished with
Kaza, the saga continues here:




Appendix
Aquanus is a flat circular world some 13,166 miles (9,404 misons) in diameter, with a total area over 136 million square miles (approximately 69 million square misons). It is belted by two Great Piers, the east-west Pier known as Ae Infinitus, and the north-south Pier known as the Eternitam. Thin towering spires known as Sisters appear in regular intervals along each Pier; each is 66 miles (47 misons) tall. The Piers are composed of Infinitum, a partially aecxal element that is rare elsewhere on that world.
Aquanus is bound to a transparent aecxal sphere which holds five other flat worlds to its circumference as well: four about its equator and one each at the poles. Empty space separates these worlds. Both Piers continue on to these worlds through the Great Arches at the edge. The brave explorers who have made it to the Arches have never attempted to breach them or travel beyond. The Sisters continue on out there, in empty space, and are presumed to exist on the other worlds as well.
The world’s Edge is thought to be everywhere else unbreachable, save one spot (the Bay of Whoops).
Because of the Great Piers, Aquanus is separated into four congruent sectors known as Quarternia, each with its own ocean. These are: the northeast Verisimilius, the southeast Senecum, the southwest Apophthemariam, and the northwest Axelydas. Of these, it is thought the Apophthemariam to be the largest (in terms of total volume of water), the Axelydas the smallest.
In addition to being connected to other worlds belted by the Great Piers, each Great Arch is transuniversally tangential to a world beyond sight and time. Edge Storms, whose cause is entirely unknown, have been known to open these “Tangents.” It is thought that this is how Aquanus came to be populated by its rich and enormously varied plant and animal life, as well as sentient life: humans and Keepers (to name just two).
The Invasion of Aquanus
In 27S-736 a massive armada was seen sailing north out of both the Melanchthon and Malucifericam seas from the Gyss. Its leader, the Mathematician Necrolius Anaxagorius, found little resistance as his forces spread northward. The death toll is not known, though it is thought to number in the tens of millions. The government, known as the Imperium, now rules the whole of Aquanus, though, against official decree (pain of death), rumors persist of a single kingdom that has survived at the Eastern Edge and led by a king known only as “the Red Talon” (nickname’s origin unknown). It is also unlawfully rumored (pain of death) that said ruler is a Mathematician as well.
These rumors have been shown to be baseless.

The Ten Flag Nations of the Saeire Insu
Vanerrincourt
Government: Constitutional Monarchy
Last Known Ruler: King Exeter “Felicitous” Innocent Chaundran III
Land Area: (approx.) 743,000 square miles (379,000 sq. misons); Earth comparison: slightly smaller than Mexico
Geography and Climate: Largely mountainous and temperate. Higher than average rainfall; lower than average temperatures. Rainforests cover over three quarters of Vanerrincourt.
Highest Point: Mt. Brashram 17,002 ft. (2.3 misons)
Eternitudes/Infinitudes (rough) With Respect to the Center of Aquanus: .0.97N to .0.61S; .0.98E to .0.24W
Capital City: Quadris Empiricus; est. pre-invasion population: 545,000
Best Known For: Trade, academics, and politics; situated at the approximate center of Aquanus
Interesting Fact: V. Exeter Innocent Chaundran III’s 40-year reign was one of the shortest in the last thousand years of Vanerrincourtian history. 
Galarrage
Government: Strict Monarchy
Last Known Ruler: Queen Ete Luhar IV
Land Area: (approx.) 446,000 square miles (228,000 sq. misons); Earth comparison: about the size of Morocco
Geography and Climate: Hilly, covered in temperate rainforests and two sprawling grassland plains. Northern eternitudes have heavy rainforests. Average temperatures.
Highest Point: Harvan Pt. 5,988 ft. (0.81 misons)
Eternitudes/Infinitudes (rough) With Respect to the Center of Aquanus: .0.96N to .0.29S; .1.0 to +1.09E
Capital City: Jellico; est. pre-invasion popuation: 558,000
Best Known For: Military, religion; ancient, secretive, martial culture
Interesting Fact: The animosity that had Vanerrincourt and Galarrage at each other’s throats for centuries started with a sneeze by a visiting Vanerrincourtian ambassador at a Galarragian state dinner.
Arrowsquall
Government: Constitutional Monarchy
Last Known Ruler: Queen Ce-Caio Nonj
Land Area: (approx.) 284,000 square miles (148,000 sq. misons); Earth comparison: slightly smaller than the Philippines
Geography and Climate: High ridgelands, bluffs, and deep, fertile valleys. Few beaches; high cliffs dominate much of Arrowsquall’s coastline. High rainfall amounts keep Arrowsquall cool.
Highest Point: Arsendong Peak 10,644 ft. (1.44 misons)
Eternitudes/Infinitudes (rough) With Respect to the Center of Aquanus: .0.31 to +1.0N; .0.56 to +1.21E
Capital City: Creco; est. pre-invasion popuation: 124,000
Best Known For: Ancient, closed martial culture; Deptakean Ring; food; very skilled mountaineers
Interesting Fact: The mythical warrior art of the Daen-Cer-Tain is thought to have its origins in Arrowsquall.
August
Government: Parliamentary Democracy
Last Known Ruler: Prime Minister Fri Ambavius VI
Land Area: (approx.) 202,000 square miles (103,000 sq. misons); Earth comparison: slightly smaller than Belarus
Geography and Climate: Lush hot rainforests covering rocky lands (Big Island); the northern islands have sparse deciduous vegetation and are much cooler, the higher peaks of which receive significant yearly snowfall.
Highest Point: Distempre Peak 16,900 ft. (2.28 misons)
Eternitudes/Infinitudes (rough) With Respect to the Center of Aquanus: .1.19 to +2.16N; .1.22 to +1.96E
Capital City: Augustus; est. pre-invasion popuation: 874,000
Best Known For: Academics, Augustus Rycheus (the country’s founder), music, and seamanship
Interesting Fact: The Twelve Pillars of Augustus Rycheus, perhaps Aquanus’ best-known book, wasn’t written in August by its author, as many assume, but in Arrowsquall.
Junon
Government: Parliamentary Democracy
Last Known Ruler: Fifth Council Prefecture Lan Ganddec
Land Area: (approx.) 11,500 square miles (5,900 sq. misons); Earth comparison: slightly larger than Armenia
Geography and Climate: The western Windy Islands are as they sound—windy. High, rocky, and cliff-strewn, lots of rain, lower than average temperatures, covered in high rainforests. The eastern Maiden Islands, however, are much less dramatic, have many wide white beaches, yellow grasslands and brown deserts, with above normal temperatures.
Highest Point: Añessa Bluff 6,135 ft. (0.83 misons)
Eternitudes/Infinitudes (rough) With Respect to the Center of Aquanus: .1.03 to +1.22N; .1.58 to +1.94E
Capital City: Langstrum Quorum; est. pre-invasion popuation: 65,000
Best Known For: Trade, music, culture, frugality
Interesting Fact: The last actual war fought between August and Junon was actually won by Junon (against what is commonly believed), but leaders of both sides agreed to hide that fact in fear that the Galarragians would invade both, thinking August ripe for the picking.
Galeni
Government: Republican Democracy
Last Known Ruler: Sirress Reca Sota Esta
Land Area: (approx.) 115,000 square miles (59,000 sq. misons); Earth comparison: slightly larger than Benin
Geography and Climate: Of over three thousand islands, three make up more than 99 percent of Galeni. The three Big Islands feature some of the most densely packed forestland on Aquanus. All three are hilly; and all three receive daily rainfall. Temperatures range from temperate to sub-tropical.
Highest Point: Draane Peak 2,735 ft. (0.37 misons)
Eternitudes/Infinitudes (rough) With Respect to the Center of Aquanus: .0.85 to +1.11S; .0.99 to +1.17E
Capital City: Via La-Pana; est. pre-invasion popuation: 116,000
Best Known For: Food, wood and woodworking, music, culture
Interesting Fact: It is said that a Galen flute is so pure in tone that someone standing on the opposite side of Tingefeor Split 35 miles away could hear it on a clear, still night.
Neptonius
Government: Cupidicy Monarchy
Last Known Rulers: King and Queen Hongskev Kuskin
Land Area: (approx.) 538,000 square miles (269,000 sq. misons); Earth comparison: slightly larger than Yemen
Geography and Climate: High, dry tundra and low wind-swept grasslands—when not covered in snow,  which both are almost two thirds of the Aquanian year. Three of Aquanus’ ten highest (known) peaks are Neptonian, and reside in the Fronterum Spur of their territory.
Highest Point: Mt. Brickraig 31,013 ft. (4.2 misons)
Eternitudes/Infinitudes (rough) With Respect to the Center of Aquanus: .3.85 to +4.46N; .0.88 to +1.53E
Capital City: Raretail Holm, est. pre-invasion popuation: 54,000
Best Known For: Naval/military prowess; private, isolated culture; fishing prowess
Interesting Fact: It is rumored that Neptonians can fly Untransformed by aid of treated Sky Fir.
Hieron-Tamus
Government: Strict Monarchy
Last Known Ruler: King Ponti Alhad VII
Land Area: (approx.) 5,200 square miles (2,700 sq. misons); Earth comparison: slightly larger than Trinidad and Tobago
Geography and Climate: The 22 islands that make up 94 percent of Hieron-Tamus’ landmass range from flat and sandy to mountainous and rocky. The climate is as varied as the land, from dry and hot to cool at the higher elevations, to frozen and icy on the slopes of Braz Peak (highest point). Limited forestland and rainfall.
Highest Point: Braz Peak 21,289 ft. (2.88 misons)
Eternitudes/Infinitudes (rough) With Respect to the Center of Aquanus: .0.1 to +0.4N; .3.44 to +3.60E
Capital City: Virtua, est. pre-invasion popuation: 23,000
Best Known For: Little is known of the Hieron-Tamans. Their culture is highly secretive and isolated.
Interesting Fact: The Abyssinians, a mysterious sentient race thought to live on the bottom of the ocean, once saved a Hieron-Taman exploratory fleet from an angry Keeper.
Pyrrho
Government: Parliamentary Democracy
Last Known Ruler: Prime Minister Dauntelle Illeve
Land Area: (approx.) 309,000 square miles (158,000 sq. misons); Earth comparison: about the size of Oman
Geography and Climate: Pyrrho is a single island with no satellites whatsoever. It rises from some of the deepest waters known on Aquanus, and its land varies from lowland tropical forests to flat grasslands and rolling hills to arid, dry mountains. Temperature averages vary widely from area to area.
Highest Point: Mt. Lucreau 18,999 ft. (2.57 misons)
Eternitudes/Infinitudes (rough) With Respect to the Center of Aquanus: .1.03 to +1.35S; .1.67 to +2.05W
Capital City: Galbereo, est. pre-invasion popuation: 1.05 million
Best Known For: Politics, Galbereo (the largest city on Aquanus), business acumen, ships and shipbuilding, music, culture
Interesting Fact: The only known survivor to have sailed the Bay of Whoops to the Edge and return wasn’t a Zephyr, but a Pyrrhonian.
Zephrym
Government: Constitutional Monarchy
Last Known Ruler: Queen Bristol-Emera Glorti
Land Area: (approx.) 832,000 square miles (424,000 sq. misons); Earth comparison: slightly larger than Namibia
Geography and Climate: Wind-blown and wind-carved. High mountain peaks to sparse pine forests: but the constant everywhere is wind, which on any given day averages 18 miph. Lower than average rainfall. Temperatures range from hot in the lower elevations to freezing in the north.
Highest Point: Sirenam Peak 20,772 ft. (2.81 misons)
Eternitudes/Infinitudes (rough) With Respect to the Center of Aquanus: .1.99 to +2.58N; .3.82 to +3.99W
Capital City: Salebear, est. pre-invasion popuation: 97,000
Best Known For: Wind, sailing prowess, very good liquor, peace-loving citizenry, and a very scary bay next door.
Interesting Fact: The city of Salebear has been completely wiped off the map by deadly winds at least a dozen times in its history.
Additional Information
The Sankyan Wilderness
Land Area: Exact measurements are impossible to come by, but is estimated at over a million square miles (510,000 sq. misons); Earth comparison: probably larger than Kazakhstan
Geography and Climate: Unknown
Highest Point: Unknown
Eternitudes/Infinitudes (rough) With Respect to the Center of Aquanus (estimated): .1.78 to +2.51S; .2.32 to +3.06E
Interesting Fact: The Sankyan Wilderness has moved at least 27 times. The fatality rate for those who have landed on its shores is known to be higher than 90 percent.



Glossary
Abyssinians: sentient sea-bottom-dwelling race. Reported appearances of these creatures are rare and vary so widely in terms of both how they appear and how they behave that little credence can be given to the accounts.
Academician: title given to any Aquanian who has devoted his or her life to learning and teaching. (See Tesche below.)
Ae Infinitus: the east-west Great Pier banding Aquanus through its center.
Aecxal Being: beings whose life processes are more directly connected or related to their respective aecxes (see Aecxis) than other, “normal” life forms.
Aecxal: generic label given to anything which displays a preponderance of aecxes over “normal” qualities.
Aecxis: the “Symbol of Being”; the living, active-generating “sigil” to all creation, found in everything. Plural is aecxes.
Ammalinaeus: banded and ringed planet that Aquanus and its Bits (see below) orbit. Diameter estimated at 260,000 miles (186,000 misons—see below). Appears in the southern Aquanian sky. Never sets.
Amy Lowell: b.1874--d.1925; an American poet and imagist; posthumously awarded the Pulitzer Prize.
Antarctic Cottonwood: hybrid variety of the cottonwood found in the mountains east of San Diego, California. Created by passing seeds of regular cottonwood through the Soul of Eleysius (see below). Contains many useful qualities, including the ability to cloak warships.
Apprentice: name given by the Samanlainen Eleysius (see below) to the individual prophesied to come who could destroy Necrolius Anaxagorius.
Audience Chamber: large roofed enclosure where Necrolius Anaxagorius consumes his victims. Can hold thousands.
Bits: name given to the other flat worlds held to the transparent aecxal sphere by the Great Piers with Aquanus. There are known to be five such worlds. All are completely unexplored.
Black Coffin: nickname given to Necrolius Anaxagorius.
Book of Countenances: book containing the countenances of all those who entered the Temple Kentein Intersectum (see below) and were destroyed by it.
Bow Guard: individual with the Mathematical ability to repel small projectiles. Bow Guards usually serve aboard warships or as protectors to heads of state.
Capsizers: nickname given to class of heavy Gyssian destroyers, thought to be able to hold over three thousand Untransformed (see Transform) crew.
Cart: what modern-day Gaian police cruisers most definitely are not.
Chaundran Exeter Innocent III: b.646—d.736; 24th Monarch of Vanerrincourt in the 27th Age, successor to Haris Shanus Gray I. Ruled from 696 to 736. Assassinated. Rumored successor: Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I, his adopted grandson. Exeter’s rein was characterized by a particularly acrimonious relationship with the Seminarium (see below), a co-governing body of Vanerrincourt.
Conscientium Energium: the Living Aecxis (see below) of all Living Aecxes. Nickname: “the Aecxis of God.”
Core: the place deep within the soul which surrounds the soul’s Origin and which, along with the Origin, exists transtemporally.
Coronados Islands: four islands off the northwest coast of Baja, Mexico, some 17 miles south of the Bay of San Diego. Used in secret by the Kingdom of the Saeire Insu. The North Coronados Island is home to the Kathlin Rory Carrick Castle (see below).
Corridore Monarcha: long, curving corridor lined with Eternitus Roses (see below); used in Vanerrincourtian coronation ceremonies.
Daen-Cer-Dain: martial training for those aspiring to belong to the superelite Saeire Insu warrior unit known as the Kumiyaay (see below). Philosophical translation: Is, and still Is; or Is Not, and still Is Not.
Daen-Cer-Tain: legendary martial warrior art employed by the Sixteenth Angeli Magna Coronados (see below), otherwise known as the Kumiyaay. Philosophical translation: Is, but also Is Not; or Is Not, but also Is.
Demon: any species of being, sentient or nonsentient, spawned by the Mathematician Necrolius Anaxagorius.
Dragon: nonsentient aecxal species of flying reptile. Easily trained.
Dreadnought: ultra-heavy slow battleship and cargo carrier used by the Gyss and, today, the Imperium. Can hold over ten thousand Untransformed crew and complement.
Dreamcatcher Attack: uninvited soul trace initiated by a Dreamcatcher (see below). Usually lethal.
Dreamcatcher: sentient soul-tracking species. Partially aecxal. Red appearance; tall and winged; and covered in a body shroud.
DTA: abbreviation for Downtown Transit Authority, the governing body of San Diego’s buses and trolleys.
Edge Storm: storms which occasionally form at or near the Edge of Aquanus. Characterized by hurricane-force winds, huge storm surges, and deadly lightning, Edge Storms are understandably feared and avoided by all living next to or sailing near the Edge.
Educe: “to lead forth from within.” Contrast with seduce: “to lead astray.”
Eleysian Teardrop: name given by the Samanlainen Guardian Eleysius (see Samanlainen below) for his soul.
Empresses: name given to the four Sisters closest to Aquanus’ center.
Espriella Gloria Arroyo: only daughter of the King’s Healer, His Excellency Luis Arroyo. Consumed by Necrolius Anaxagorius.
Espriella Gloria: Saeire Insu holiday of joining. Recognized by the Earth-bound Saeire Insu as falling on January 4 (Yaaven 9 on Aquanus).
Eternitam: the north-south Great Pier banding Aquanus through its center.
Eternitus Rose: name given to a tree-tall aecxal rose found only rarely on Aquanus, but which lines the Corridore Monarcha in Vanerrincourt. Gives one seed in its lifetime, at the very beginning stage of its life cycle.
Feint: class of Saeire Insu warship, characterized by its sleek, long design, speed, and maneuverability.
Finned Advance: corps of Transformed (see below) human beings, usually as dolphins, sharks, and whales, and which swim ahead of a fleet.
Flaglyas Turpensus: given name to the individual today known as Necrolius Anaxagorius.
Four Towers: the four large buildings surrounding the Audience Chamber.
Free Will: what determinists desperately wish doesn’t exist, but indeed does.
Gaian: name given by Aquanians to those native to Earth.
Gateway: high span where a Great Pier splits over the water, allowing waters from two oceans to intermingle. Spaced regularly along both Great Piers. Gateways are often populated by vagabonds and pirates.
Great Arch: archway at the intersection of the Edge and a Great Pier, found at all such intersections: north, south, east, and west. Composed of infinitum (see below). Height estimated at 50 miles (36 misons).
Hangem: former name of Far Eastern Gateway. Now named King’s Perch.
Harry Chin: name given by Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I to Transformed Keeper who aided him and his armada in the fight against the Gyssians. Appointed guardian of the Eleysian Teardrop (see above).
Healer: name given to medical personnel trained in the manipulation of an individual’s aecxis in order to heal medical conditions, injuries, or diseases.
Heretic: anyone who does not conform to an established attitude, doctrine, or principle.
Imperium Centrum: name given to Quadris Empiricus (see below) after the Gyssian invasion.
Infected: label applied to Aquanians who have betrayed their central integral nature to the point that an aecxal parasite known as a Tracluse (see below) is able to invade the individual’s soul, where it then lends further strength to the process of corruption. On Earth it is the general label given to anyone who has sold out who he or she is in order to achieve a specific or general end. Whether on Earth or Aquanus, the aecxal corruption is the same.
Infinitum: the dense, partially aecxal material the makes up the Great Piers. Veins of it can be found elsewhere on Aquanus, though it is very rare. More valuable than gold. Its properties are largely unknown; though, among other things, it is hypothesized to be the reason behind the wildly varying and often contradictory climates found on Aquanus.
Ion: sea horse owned by Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I. Killed in action on Tau Rin Agorni Isa (see below).
Kathlin Rory Carrick Castle: the home castle of the Saeire Insu, situated in and on the North Coronados Island and hidden by Antarctic Cottonwood as well as other agents.
King’s Perch: formerly Hangem, the easternmost Gateway along Ae Infinitus.
Kumiyaay: name given to any member of the XVI Angeli Magna Coronados, the small, elite corps of Saeire Insu warriors mastered in the art of the Daen-Cer-Tain (see above). The name’s origin derives from the native Americans, the Tapai-Ipai, who live in Southern California and Baja, Mexico, and who are thought to be the first humans to have crossed the Tangent to Aquanus.
Lavatus: slang for “God’s Toilet,” in reference to Quadris Empiricus and the fact that it sits in the shadows of four 66-mile-high Sisters, which are known as Empresses (see above).
Living Aecxis: a base aecxis present in all living creatures.
Mathematician: label given to those who are proficient in the manipulation of aecxes.
Medialma Sacrifen: literally, “soul sacrifice.” Special prayer whereby the petitioner grants his or her soul to another. Fatal. Taboo on Aquanus.
Midsilo: literally, “puff of breeze.” Zephyr term for newbie sailors, used by the Saeire Insu navy as a term denoting lowest possible rank on board ship.
Mison: unit of measure on Aquanus. One mison is 1.4 miles.
Neil Young: Canadian singer-songwriter, famous for, among many other songs, “Heart of Gold.”
Origin: the soul’s very center; its beginning and its well-spring. Contained within the soul’s Core (see above). The only place where true love can originate and be nurtured.
Pablo Neruda: b.1904—d.1973; pen name of Chilean poet Neftali Ricardo Reyes Basoalto. Was a righteous enemy to the brutal dictator Augusto Pinochet, who feared his words.
Pearl-Yang Serpenthelm: legendary talisman, before Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I bequeathed only four other times in the entire written history of Aquanus. Its power derives directly from the soul who bears it.
Portal of Falling Leaves: the Portal the young Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I came to after entering the Temple Kentein Intersectum.
Prayer of Ammalinaeus: special rare aecxis that renders objects indestructible. Can only come into existence in the presence of two or more sufficiently powerful Mathematicians.
Prehorse: the non-aecxal larval stage of all Aquanian sea horses (see below), the stage at which seahorses on Earth are known to live out their entire life cycle.
Quadris Empiricus: literally, “The Four Sisters.” The name of Vanerrincourt’s capital city pre-invasion (see Imperium Centrum; see also the Appendix).
Raped City: slang term given to Imperium Centrum (see Quadris Empiricus above).
Rational Number: any number which can be expressed as a quotient of two integers, with the denominator not equal to zero. For example: 2 is a rational number, since 2 can be written as a fraction: 2/1. 3/5 is a rational number, since 3 and 5 are both integers.
Rendan Mortalis: special aecxis which can only come into being after love’s aecxis has been perverted or destroyed, and only after the soul has fully recognized whatever responsibility it may have in the perversion or destruction of love’s aecxis. 
Riparius: Dreamcatcher, feared all over Aquanus. Is the Transformed self of Luis Arroyo.
Saeire Insu: literally, “the Ten Fingers of Insurrection.” Galarragian term adopted by the ten-nation armada led by Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I as the name of their new kingdom.
Samanlainen Guardians: mythical sentient species known as the Guardians of the two Great Piers. Rumored to be immortal.
Sankyan Wilderness: mysterious large island currently in the Senecum Ocean (see Appendix). Notorious for being unlandable; those few who have managed to land on its shores have not long survived to tell of the experience. Time is measured on Aquanus by how long the Sankyan Wilderness stays in one place. In its 26th age, it was a long chain of wide islands found in the Axelydas Ocean, where it stayed for 1,587 years.
Santa Anita: English privateer vessel commissioned in 1579 (Earth, A.D.), and which Kieran Conor was forced to serve on as a young boy. All hands but one lost when an Edge Storm opened the Tangent. Survivor was the young Kieran Conor.
Satelemark: mythical Y’Gerion (see below) dragon mother whose refusal to sacrifice her children for her kingdom’s higher good met with a sentence of death from the Y’Gerion monarch. A transcultural story and name.
Sea Horse: sentient aecxal being, the adult stage of the non-aecxal larval variety known as prehorses (see above) on Aquanus and which live out their entire lives as such on Earth.
Seminarium: one of the three governing branches of Vanerrincourt, the other two being the People and the Monarchy. The Seminarium’s 144 members are co-appointed by the People and the Monarchy, and serve one ten-year term.
Serig: feint-class Saeire Insu fast battleship. Commissioned 1998 (Earth, A.D.); captained by Rice Lampson.
Sister: name given to any one of the 66-mile-tall spires which rise in regular intervals along both Great Piers.
Somgargathas: literally, “the Sleeping Giants,” the name given to the imposing mountain peaks visible on the Sankyan Wilderness. Elevations unknown, but speculated to be among the tallest on Aquanus.
Soul of Eleysius: alternate (and more literal) title given to the Eleysian Teardrop (see above).
Supreme Commander: the highest-ranking military officer in the Saeire Insu, currently held by Guptaamaq Jelignite.
Symbol of Being: general term given to an aecxis.
Tachyon: sea horse, the son of Ion. Owned by Conor Kieran Faramond Benedictus I.
Tau Rin Agorni Isa: literally, “The Day of Fire and Ice.” Neptonian term for the battle between the Gyssians and the infant Saeire Insu.
Temple Kentein Intersectum: the temple situated at the exact center of Aquanus, where the two Great Piers meet. Thought to be built by the Samanlainen; destroyed by the Samanlainen Guardian Eleysius.
Tesche: Vanerrincourtian term of endearment for “teacher.”
Tracluse: aecxal parasite which invades sufficiently corrupted sentient souls. Such souls were for many years isolated as a single unified nation, but have since spread out widely in service to Necrolius Anaxagorius.
Transcendental Number: a number like pi (3.1415...): generally speaking, a number that in decimal form is uncountable and irrational, that is, cannot be written as a fraction (see Rational Number above).
Transform: the name of the process by which a sentient being can morph or change into another form: bird, fish, or mammal. The vast majority of human beings who can Transform do so into birds of various types; fish or whales are much rarer; and much rarer still are land-based mammals, tigers or bulls, say. Sentient beings can usually only change to one particular form—a seagull, for example; they cannot change to other birds or other forms: exceptions do exist, though they are very exceptionally rare.
Traveler: children’s bedtime fable, one that tells of an angel, “the Traveler,” who, making a mistake and getting in the wrong line in Heaven, ends up living life in human body after human body. The Traveler, begging God for release, is sent instead to seek the Friend. Together the Traveler and the Friend will bring an end to evil’s nightmare.
True Believer: the terminus of the Infected soul. At the point the Infected individual reaches True Believer status his or her soul is, to all intents and purposes, irredeemably corrupted.
Tsunami: a wave or waves displaced by a large volume of water. Can be tremendous in size.
Unsolvable: name given to an individual who is, more or less, unaffected by direct application of aecxal energy.
V-Nicomacus: famous Vanerrincourtian destroyer that served as the Saeire Insu’s command vessel in the battle with the Gyssians. Decommissioned in 2000 (Earth, A.D.).
Winged Advance: the winged corps who fly, Transformed, ahead of an advancing force.
XVI Angeli Magna Coronados: formal name of the elite military unit known as the Kumiyaay.
Y’Gerion: mythical race of heavenly or ethereal dragons (see Satelemark).
Ye Scurvy Dog: name of bar located in Imperial Beach.




ThePiertoForever.webs.com
~~*~~
