




Under the Same Stars

A novel

by

Wren Schwind and Genia Stemper
Cover art by Karen Schroeder


Published by Wren Schwind and Genia Stemper at Smashwords
Copyright 2011 Wren Schwind and Genia Stemper

Discover other titles by Genia Stemper at Genia's books

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Hope is the thing with feathers
That perches in the soul.
And sings the tune
Without the words,
And never stops at all.
--Emily Dickinson



Willow settled the kids into the minivan. It had been an ordinary day, a long day, but nothing unusual had transpired. She had helped out at the children's school, and then hurried Tommy to his speech therapy. She felt like she was rushing now, not that she needed to. She was just so used to the running around, even though she wasn't always aware of what she was moving toward. This afternoon she realized she wanted to relax, and that a small part of her hoped that if she could just get home, she could finally let her guard down.
It was her favorite time in the day, late afternoon, when the kids were worn out, and the marathon of dinner and homework hadn't yet started.  A good song came on the radio, one that both she and Maisy liked to sing along to, and Willow glanced back at Maisy, who was already bobbing her head in time with the music. There weren't many cars on the road and Willow allowed herself a moment of gratitude as she took in the light, sparkling silver off of the ocean. "Look for dolphins," she called back to the kids. 
They were almost halfway home, maybe ten minutes more, when Tommy started to fuss. “You okay?” Willow glanced in the rearview mirror to make sure he was still buckled in. He was kicking the back of her seat in frustration. Subconsciously she sped up. She glanced back again to see Tommy grab a plush toy and tear into it with his teeth, a primal growl escaping his lips.
 “It’s okay, honey.  Do you have a boo-boo?" Willow asked in her best calming voice. She hoped it was calming anyway, she didn't know how it could be when she felt so many emotions, none of them calm.  "Maisy, did you see what happened?”  Maisy, she knew, was leaning as far away from Tommy as she could. 
"No idea," Maisy said loudly. Willow made sure the sliding car doors were both locked, checked traffic around her and continued speeding down the highway, just shy, she hoped, of being worthy of a traffic stop.
His crying and kicking ramped up to a full fit. Willow had the sudden urge to curl up in a fetal position, or maybe run her car right off of the highway into the Pacific. She had been doing this for six years, dealing with his tantrums. Sometimes she just wanted it to stop, and she worried that she would do just about anything to make it stop. She knew he would continue screaming until she could get him home. There was no point in pulling over. Why did the speech therapist have to have an office so far away?  
She kept looking in the rear view mirror, trying to figure out what could have happened to set him off.  Her mind raced with possibilities of what it could be, and how to fix it. Was he too hot? No, the air was on. Maybe he was too cold. She adjusted the temperature. Maybe the sun was causing an irritating glare. Maybe he was in pain. It could be an earache, a headache, or something more serious, maybe his appendix. He sounded like he was being gutted alive. Willow couldn't help it, her pulse started to race and panic set in.  
“What the hell?" she thought to herself. She purposefully unclenched her jaw, knowing she would have a headache later if she kept grinding her teeth. She tried to focus on the road over the roar in her ears and she tried to stay stable, his violent kicks just about giving her whiplash. She couldn't talk to him anymore, he was way beyond consolation. She moved back and forth with the seat, just making sure her arms and legs stayed as steady as possible.  
“Mom, make him stop!”  Maisy pleaded desperately.  
“It’s too dangerous to pull over here” Willow screamed, not sure if Maisy could hear her or not. It would make Tommy more upset if she pulled off of their normal route.  She could only calm him at home.
How did this happen?  One moment everything seemed fine and then their world was shattered as Tommy was gripped by violent pain, or frustration. Willow was never really sure. But she knew she would never get used to it. To be human meant to never become used to that sound. The sound of someone experiencing pure terror. She was sweating now, and her head started to pound.   
“MOMMY!” Maisy was whimpering now, still huddled against the door, as far away as her seatbelt would allow
.  
Why couldn't he ever just answer her when she asked him a question?  He could tell her when he wanted chips or popcorn.  He could tell her when he needed to use the potty.  Why couldn't he just say “hurt” or “sick” or “mad” or “the clouds are aligned incorrectly.” Anything to give a clue as to what the problem was. Please, just this once, she silently pleaded.  Willow looked again in the rearview mirror and saw Tommy slapping himself hard in the face, over and over.  
“STOP!” she cried.  “Stop!  Tommy stop!”  Willow turned and tried to grab his hand to keep him from bruising his face.  The car swerved into the next lane   “Look out!”  Maisy buried her head in her lap.
“Shit!”  Willow looked ahead and corrected her driving.  “Shit!  Shit!  Shit!”  Tears started streaming onto her face. She tried her best to concentrate on the road and tried to calm herself. They were almost home. "We're almost there," she said, her voice looking for the calm tone that was no longer accessible.
Two minutes later they pulled into their driveway.  Maisy threw her door open and ran from the car in a panic. Knowing the front door would be locked, she made a beeline for the backyard.  Willow opened the sliding door to help Tommy get out.  Blood was trickling down from his lip, but he was starting to calm down.  Willow looked at him and surprisingly he looked her in the eye.  
“What happened, Tommy?” Willow asked calmly, knowing that she would never hear the answer.  He trembled a little and held onto her.  She gave him a big hug.  She wished her love alone could protect him.  He pushed back from her and ran up to the front door and started pounding on it when it wouldn't open for him. He moaned, gearing up for another screaming fit. Willow stood for a moment, alone in the driveway and realized her hands were still shaking from the ride home.  She stood straight and neatened her shirt, took a deep breath and talked herself into the fact that she had an endless supply of patience and fortitude.  
"I'll be right there," she called sweetly, not recognizing her own voice as it didn't match her feelings in the least. She grabbed her purse from the car, waved to a neighbor and went up the walkway.



When Tommy Was Born

They had a six month old baby girl when Willow realized she was pregnant again. She had been nursing, and they had been a little relaxed about the birth control. So she wasn’t exactly surprised. It was a little ahead of schedule, but nothing they couldn’t handle.
“Won’t it be wonderful,” strangers at the grocery store said, when they saw Maisy, all wrapped in her pink blanket and they took in Willow’s bulging belly, “maybe you’ll have a boy. One of each.”
 And Willow would follow the script, the one that everyone knew by heart; the one that had been followed by countless generations of mothers before her. She would smile politely and say, “as long as the baby’s healthy. That’s all that matters.”
And that was all that mattered. Maisy would have a little brother or sister. They would be best friends. Willow and Ben were young and healthy. They took their vitamins. They had never done any drugs, well if you didn’t count that one time they went to that party in college and tried pot. Willow didn’t count that night. It had made her nauseous and worried that the cops would break in at any moment. 
They had stopped all alcohol consumption before Maisy was conceived, and Willow, being nursing, and now pregnant, hadn’t had a drop since. They ate organic produce, free range eggs and hormone and antibiotic free chicken and beef. They only consumed fish once a month for fear of mercury levels. They kept a clean house. Actually, Willow kept the clean house. Ben didn’t seem to care or notice, one way or the other. There were no genetic predispositions for disease in their families, well, none that she was aware of. The baby would be healthy. They had seen to that.
Willow got a horrible stomach virus 7 months into her pregnancy with Tommy. It was so awful that it landed her in the hospital. She had never been hospitalized before, outside of the short stay for Maisy’s birth. It was scary. Willow was miserable, ill and uncomfortable in the hospital, as to her, the hospital was a place where people felt fear and pain and went to die. But in a few days she was back on her feet again.
“I’m worried about the baby,” she told Ben afterward, when she was resting in bed at home.  “What if I made it sick?” She didn’t even remember exactly what kind of medicines they’d given her. She had been too out of it to ask questions.
But Ben shook his head and told her that was silly. He didn’t tell her that he was worried it was the baby that had made her sick, not the other way around. It didn’t matter; it was out of their control. “Everything will be fine,” he said.
“I hate that word. Fine. Such a mediocre word. Everything is always fine isn’t it?”
“Stop worrying and get some rest.” 

Her labor went well, quite easily really, even though she decided against the epidural and opted for a natural birth. She felt like she had to make up for whatever may have happened during her last hospital stay. And so her labor pains cleansed her. And she succeeded in leveling out the universal scales. A baby boy was born. Beautiful and healthy. 
The nurse let her hold him for a short while, but then took him away to bathe him while she delivered the placenta. Half an hour later, Ben was making phone calls from his cell phone and Willow pictured him pacing the outdoor corridor with excitement as he told everyone the good news. The nurse handed the baby back to her, clean and pink and swaddled in a blue blanket.
He looked up at her with huge blue eyes. “Hi there,” Willow whispered, stroking his cheek lightly.  “How’s my little Tommy?”
“He’s a strong one,” the nurse said. “In my twenty years of nursing, I’ve never had such a difficult time moving a baby’s arms. He just didn’t want me to wash him I guess.” Then she handed Willow a paper.  “We also just gave him his first five vaccinations.”
“Oh.”  Willow said with a puzzled look on her face.  They had been planning on having him vaccinated, but hadn't told anyone to go ahead and give him the shots. No one had even asked her permission. But everything was fine now. Willow gazed down at her handsome son, letting her past worries be replaced by gratitude and joy.
Willow smiled at the woman and silently willed her to go away. She wanted to be left alone with her baby. Her beautiful, strong, healthy baby.



One Year Later

Tommy was one year old and something was wrong. Willow knew it, but her doctor wouldn't listen. Tommy screamed all day, and all night. When he wasn't screaming, he was vomiting what little food she managed to get in him. She couldn't tell if the food was making him scream, or if the screaming was making him vomit. She just didn't know. And no one could seem to help. Her mother told her she had also been a difficult baby. Her husband was always at work, work being a more positive experience than being at home. And on top of that, Willow worried about Maisy. How could a three year old develop normally when her home life consisted of a frantic, exhausted mother and a screaming baby brother?
Finally, a friend of a friend came for a visit. Willow had called her, knowing she was a speech therapist, and thinking maybe she would have a clue as to why Tommy hadn't started babbling, or repeating noises, not to mention attempt simple words, like "da da."
She breezed in that afternoon and sat on the floor with Tommy, who was just beginning to calm down from a crying jag. She tried to interact with him. But he wouldn't look at her, and he wouldn't look at the toys she brought. 
"I don't want you to jump to any conclusions," she said, after assessing Tommy for no longer than a minute. "But you need to have him evaluated for autism."
Willow stared at her blankly, not knowing what to think.
"There is a huge spectrum that falls under autism, and that may not even be what you're dealing with."
Willow reached for Tommy, but he fidgeted away.
"Just take it one day at a time," her friend's friend said. Willow couldn't even remember her name at this point. She didn't know whether to be angry, insulted, or relieved.
Willow nodded and picked up Tommy, holding him closely while she led the woman to the door.

Later, at the doctor's office, Willow couldn't help to feel a bit of relief while she waited. Finally, a diagnosis that proved she wasn't a horrible mother, which proved she wasn't crazy. She waited, jostling Tommy on her hip in the cold room, waiting for the doctor to come in. And when he did, she said the word out loud. "Autism."
And he chuckled and shook his head. "He's colicky, sure, I get that. But let's not start throwing around diagnosis's just because you need some attention."
Willow flinched as if she had been slapped. But before the tears of anger started, she gathered up her pride, flew past her doctor, who was waiting for her to put Tommy on the examining table, went to the front desk, and asked for Tommy's charts. After filling out the paperwork, and waiting as they prepared them, Willow felt the years come crashing in. The years she would have to spend waiting for charts, looking for doctors who cared, or at least who tried to understand, or even better, researched available treatments and were willing to be explorers in the field.
Tommy, picking up on her anxiety, started to wail and she jostled him on her hip. Finally, the papers were ready, and without looking back, she left the pediatrician whom she had hoped would see to her children's care until college. But everything was different now. Now that this thing called autism had come into her life.
On the drive home, Willow cried along with Tommy. Quickly, she dried her eyes and tried to put on a brave face for Maisy and the neighbor who had run over to baby sit. And even though she knew she should feel depleted, she felt a heady rush of energy. This was going to be up to her.



Six Years Later:
Functioning

Two hours. That’s how much sleep she had managed last night. She groaned and covered her eyes to protect them from the sun streaming in through the vertical blinds that she had always despised. Some of them were crooked from Goldilocks, some of them were missing from Tommy lying on the ground underneath them, kicking them determinedly during one of his particularly horrific temper tantrums, and at least one of them was cock-eyed, just barely hanging on like a loose tooth, from her impatience while trying to open them. 
Willow sat for a moment, fantasizing about just ripping them down one by one and hauling them out to the trash. But the garbage men would charge her extra for the hauling, and then she would have to find something to replace them. That would take her an hour that she didn't have.  Also, fabric intimidated her, all of the colors and patterns. Rather than just go with the fabric that she was drawn to, she would second guess her judgment and try to find something that Ben would like, or that the lady at the store told her was the latest trend. And then she would hate the curtains even more than she hated the blinds. Maybe shutters, she thought, but she knew that would be out of their price range. Everything was.
Her head hurt from lack of sleep, and she didn’t think she had the energy to get through the day.  But she didn’t have a choice and so she forced herself to get up, untangling her legs from the blanket. She felt tired and helpless, like a fly stuck in a spider’s web. She wondered if the fly felt peace at the moment it surrendered to its imminent demise and consumption. Lately she feared if she sat down, she might never get up, and so she had just kept going, carried along by the momentum, afraid to surrender and in doing so, become the fly. 
She stood and stretched, which was something she didn’t do nearly often enough, as if it took too much time. Really, she thought, it forced her to acknowledge her body, which, although slender, she knew wasn’t in the best of shape. She had been forgetting to eat lately, and she worried about the effect that was having. Her friends were envious of her figure, but she didn’t have time to think about such trivialities. She envied them that. 
Willow had long since decided that she needed to live forever in order to care for Tommy. Taking care of a special needs child was harder than she ever could have imagined.  She should start taking better care of herself.  She vowed to eat something this morning and stumbled into the kitchen for a much needed cup of coffee. She would really like a brownie, and she remembered that there was one sitting on top of the microwave, leftover from a party at the kids’ school yesterday.  
But before she even entered the kitchen, she turned around with purpose and marched back to the couch where she quickly folded the blanket, and tossed it and the pillow into their place under the ottoman lid. She didn’t want to see them there on the couch later, beckoning for her to lie down, taunting her with the impossibility of a nap. 
The dishes that her husband offered to do last night after dinner still sat in the sink. He didn’t even fill them with water like he usually did, under the false pretense that he was soaking them so they would be easier to do later. There was a trail of ants moving from a miniscule hole near the windowsill and down into the crusty remains of last night's casserole dish. 
At least someone appreciates my cooking, she thought as she watched them heave pieces of bread and broccoli three times their size. Willow pictured their little community and hated to wash them down the drain. Their families would wonder where they had gone. “They just left to get some take-out,” the ants would tell their concerned family members, “and they never came home.” She told herself that ants don’t talk and hurriedly she washed them down the drain. She had become a cold blooded killer in simply doing the dishes. 
Maisy came down the hall rubbing sleep from her eyes. Her pajamas were buttoned incorrectly and her hair looked a little matted in the back. Willow stooped for their ritual hug. It would probably be easier to convince her to get a hair cut than to continue arguing about brushing it. 
“What’s wrong?” Maisy pulled back from their hug to look into her mother’s eyes. For anyone, especially a seven year old, she had always been perceptive. 
“Me? Oh nothing. I think I’m just tired. You have any good dreams?” Willow stood back up and turned back to the kitchen to start her coffee and figure out breakfast. 
“I dreamt of doughnuts.” Maisy noisily smacked her lips to get the point across.
“Mmmm,” Willow said. “That does sound like a dream. Would you like some oatmeal?” They were out of milk, so Maisy’s standard of cold cereal wasn’t an option.
Maisy shook her head “no.”
“Yogurt? Toast?” Willow asked, watching her daughter shake her head “no,” and hearing her own mother, miles away, chiding her for being a short order cook.
“Oatmeal it is,” Willow said, knowing her daughter would eat it. 
Willow turned on the faucet to fill the pot for oatmeal and let it spray over the dishes in the sink. She started scrubbing once she had the pot on to boil. She didn’t like to start her days angry at Ben, but when she was greeted with a greasy mess, after he slept in his bed all night, and she followed Tommy around the house, it was hard to find any feelings of love for him.
“Any tests today?” she asked Maisy, placing some orange juice in front of her.
“Spelling.” 
“Shit, we forgot to go over your list this week.”
“Mom!”
“Sorry.” Willow poured the oatmeal into the water and looked for the wooden spoon. “Wait, isn’t that word on your list?” She found the spoon at the bottom of the greasy dishes in the sink and held herself back from swearing again.
“Mom! We’re doing -ish words this week. Fish, dish, wish. And ate words. Late, date, hate. Like, I hate oatmeal.”
“No you don’t. Do you know all of the words?”
“They’re easy. They must think we’re still in kindergarten or something.”
Willow handed Maisy the hairbrush. “Will you keep an eye on the oatmeal? I have to go check on your brother.” 
Willow hadn’t heard any signs that Tommy was awake, and she needed to go wake him. If she let him sleep, he would surely be up again all night. But that didn’t explain last night, as he had had a big day yesterday. A party at school, friends over after school, well, Maisy’s friends really, but he played alongside them. And they had jumped on the trampoline. He had seemed worn out at 7pm when he went to bed. But just three hours later, right when Willow was on her own way to bed, he had gotten up, ready to go.
Down the hall, Willow heard her husband in the shower. He had it timed perfectly, getting ready for work, so he didn’t have to interact. Willow wondered if he realized this and decided he had the right to choose. Did he think she didn’t notice? Or had he given up caring what she thought of him?
 She opened up Tommy’s door to find the contents of his bookshelf spread all over the ground. Alphabet cards, flash cards, animal cards and hundreds of books covered every square inch of the floor. And his bed was empty. 
She heard movement in the bathroom across the hall and knocked.
“You ok?” 
The phone rang, probably Maisy’s carpool canceling on them again. She listened for a response from Tommy and heard him quietly singing a song she didn’t understand while he sat on the toilet. She turned away from the door to go find the phone but Tommy opened the bathroom door, his pajama bottoms and underwear down around his ankles. Her throat muscles tightened in an involuntary gag response that she quickly suppressed so as not to embarrass him. He held out his hands to show her they were covered in poop. 
“You need to use toilet paper,” Willow said. She carefully helped him step out of his clothes. She felt him run his hand down along her back while she was crouched in front of him, felt him lean his body into her back so she had to brace herself so as not to fall into the tub. She knew there was now poop smeared all over the back of her pajamas. This registered and she added laundry to her mental to do list. 
Tommy had just learned how to wipe his bottom, and he sometimes forgot that you had to put paper on your hands first. He leaned on her while she fiddled with the water, waiting for it to warm up. She could feel his weight pressing against her, soaking her in while he waited.
“Let’s get you in the shower.” She stood to aim the showerhead, separating from him momentarily. Tommy started flapping his hands in the way he did when he was upset. He had been warm, snuggled up to her back, and now she had moved away. His flapping flung little bits of poop around the bathroom and Willow automatically added cleaning the bathroom to her to do list. Inadvertently, she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror and she almost didn’t recognize the pale, tired woman looking back at her. 
“Milk please yes,” Tommy said. He pulled on her pajama bottoms from behind.
“We need to get you cleaned up first.” Willow said, picking him up. He was six now, and although a bit small for his age, he was getting heavy. He threw his weight around and she almost lost her balance. The “what-ifs” flashed through her mind. What if they fell and hit their heads; blood on porcelain tile. But she pushed these thoughts aside, and at the same time she wondered if she was losing her mind. Carefully, with strength she was always amazed to find within her lithe body, she maneuvered him under the warm water. 
“No!  No!  No! All done!” Tommy shouted as he struggled. But then he closed his eyes and faced the stream while she soaped up his hands, cleaning them thoroughly and then moving on to the rest of his body. 
When she was done, she turned off the water and reached for a towel. Before she wrapped it around his body, she saw that it was also smeared with poop.
“I think the oatmeal burned,” Maisy said, opening the door.
“Can you get me a clean towel sweetheart?”
Maisy walked away, shrugging her shoulders a bit as if to imply she did all of the work around here.
“I took a cold shower,” Ben called accusingly as he walked by the bathroom door. “Couldn’t you have waited until I was out?”
Willow thought of several satisfyingly nasty remarks to yell back at him, but it was too late, which for the kid’s sake, was a good thing. He was already rummaging around the kitchen for his breakfast. 
Tommy was shivering now. 
Maisy tossed the towel in the bathroom on her way to her bedroom to get dressed. 
“Smells like poo in there,” she said.
Willow dried Tommy and sang his favorite “Dry, dry, dry, Tommy” song to the tune of Jingle Bells.  Then she wrapped the towel around him and he raised his eyes, his dark lashes still stuck together from the water, to meet hers. They were green, sometimes grey.  They were the most beautiful eyes Willow had ever seen. She stared into them, as was her habit, trying to unlock the puzzle that was his brain. Tommy, after years of work, could now return her gaze, and she reminded herself of the progress they had made.  
“Milk please yes,” he said. 
“Yes. Let’s go get your milk.”

Willow settled him at the kitchen table with his crayons, which he was more likely to eat than to draw with. But she needed a minute to get his milk together. She still really wanted some coffee. She noticed Ben had made himself some already, and so she poured herself a cup and drank it black since they were out of milk, and the ants had found the sugar bowl on their way to the sink last night.
“He was up all night again. I’m not sure why. We were doing so well for a while. Maybe I need to change his melatonin dose. Or maybe it was that Starburst they gave him at school the other day. Can you believe they gave him Starburst?” Willow set the microwave to heat the potato and almond milk that Tommy drank. Tommy couldn’t have any real dairy milk because his body fought too hard against it. But what he would drink, was a concoction of warm almond and potato milk that she make every day, multiple times. She had read somewhere that microwaves did something to the structure of food. With every ding of the microwave throughout the day, she couldn’t help but feel a little pang of guilt. The ding was a reminder that she could be doing better.
She added supplements to the milk: aloe juice, calcium, fiber, vitamin C, protein, flax fiber, omega oils, probiotics and his prescription medication. She felt more like a cross between a bartender and a pharmacist than a mom making breakfast.  All of it went into the milk. She put it on the table in front of him. He looked at her and she pretended that she heard his voice whisper, “thank you.” 
He looked at the cup. “No,” he said. He pushed the milk and it spilled all over Ben’s newspaper.
“Why didn’t you put the lid on?” Ben stood and took the dripping paper to the trash. 
“I couldn’t find his purple lid. That’s the only one he’ll drink out of.” Willow heard her voice rising.
Ben shrugged, kissed the top of Tommy’s head. “I’m off,” he called toward Maisy’s bedroom. She ran out, handed the brush to Willow and launched herself at her father. 
“Love you Daddy,” she said, wrapping her arms around his legs.
“I’ll take you to basketball practice today when I get home.” He ruffled her hair, glanced at Willow, who gave him a weak smile and a wave. And then he was gone. Every day he left, Willow wasn't sure if he would come back. And she also wasn't sure if that was fear on her part, or wishful thinking. 
“Did you get anything to eat?” Willow asked Maisy. She handed the brush back to her daughter and pointed at her head. “You can do it.” Willow began to work on another batch of Tommy’s milk. 
“No, I’m hungry. But I’m sorry about the oatmeal.” Maisy tore into her hair, as if she were punishing herself for ruining the breakfast she didn’t even want in the first place. 
“I know,” Willow said. “You want to get your hair cut?”
Maisy nodded, finally aware that it was too hard to keep it untangled. “When?
Willow looked at the calendar near the refrigerator as she gathered the supplements again. There wasn’t any time this week, or any week in sight, that wasn’t filled with Tommy’s therapists and treatments and appointments.
“I’ll do it myself,” Willow said. “After school today. It will be fun.”
Maisy didn’t look too sure, so Willow didn’t let her see her trepidation about the situation. She didn’t say what she wanted to, which was that it was just hair, what would be the worst that could happen? 
She added the burned oatmeal pot to the stack of dirty dishes that was still sitting in the sink. Ben had left his coffee cup there too, and she knew that the dishwasher needed to be unloaded. He must have seen the clean light on and so he left his dish in the sink, rather than unload the dishes. She handed Tommy the new milk, this time with a different lid on it, and held her breath to see if he would scream, or, fingers crossed, decide to drink it. It was one of the only things he ate, well, besides corn chips, and now, according to his first grade teacher, Starburst candies. He also ate dirt, plants, paper, and paint. He looked up from the number three that he was drawing over and over with a red crayon and Willow watched him register the red lid.
“Look Tommy, the lid is red, just like your crayon,” Maisy said.
Willow felt a surge of love for her daughter that brought the tears that had been threatening all morning. Tommy looked at Maisy and looked back at the cup. Then he knocked it over.  Even though this happened often, it still made her heart hurt and her bones ache with anxiety.  With all of the aspirations people had for their children, here she was, not even able to get her own son to eat food. 
“You know what I feel like this morning?” Only Maisy looked up at her.
“Changing out of your poopy pajamas?” Maisy asked.
“Right.” Willow had forgotten all about her clothes. She stripped as she walked down the hallway, balling up her clothes and tossing them in the basket by the garage door. She would just throw on the clothes she wore yesterday that were in a heap under the dog. “Come on Goldi darling, I know you don’t want to get up, but come on.” She coaxed the aging golden retriever up and opened the sliding door in her bedroom to let her out into the yard to relieve herself. She grabbed her flip flops off of the back porch, put on her t-shirt and jeans, brushed off a few stray dog hairs, and she was dressed for the day. What she really needed was a hot shower, but that would have to wait until tonight while Tommy was sleeping and Ben was home for back up. She stopped to get Tommy’s favorite shorts and a t-shirt out of his room and went back into the kitchen.
“I know this little girl who had the best dream, and all of a sudden, I feel like doughnuts.”  
Maisy grabbed her backpack and jumped up and down squealing. The movement got Tommy up and walking around and so Willow had him step out of his towel and into his shorts. She quickly slid his t-shirt down over his head before he could protest.
“I’ll help Tommy with his shoes,” Maisy said, “if you do my hair.”
“Deal.” Willow smoothed Maisy’s hair back with her hands, artfully hiding the matt underneath the smooth top layer.  Tommy fussed for a moment showing his frustration at the way in which Maisy was putting on his shoes for him.  Every morning he had a different rule about his shoes, and it seemed that once Willow and Maisy caught up to his ideal scenario, right shoe first, then tied before the left shoe was on. Or socks, Willow didn't even want to consider the drama they'd had over socks. It had been a painful month before she realized he had been upset all along about the seam that was hitting the tops of his toes. Finally, despite his kicking, Maisy stood up victorious.
Meanwhile the clock kept ticking at what always seems like record speed.  Willow felt like she was in a literal race with time, and that there was a stopwatch hanging in front of her face, taunting her that she was always behind schedule.  She started to feel the pressure building up in her body, and she worried that she was going to make herself ill.  She wasn't worried about a cold, or the flu, she always powered through those. She was worried about a stroke, or a heart attack. She had to live forever to take care of Tommy, she just had to.
They piled into the car, Maisy helping to buckle Tommy into his booster seat, proud that she herself no longer needed one. Willow checked them in the rearview mirror and backed out of the driveway, waving to their neighbor, Mr. Grant, who sat on his front porch watching the world go by, as he liked to say. She could picture him in a rocking chair on a large wrap around porch on a ranch somewhere, surveying his property. She smiled to herself at the unlikely, but fitting image.
“How do you spell ‘wish’” Willow asked as the three of them drove to the doughnut shop. 
“W-I-S-H,” Maisy said proudly. “And I can use it in a sentence. I wish I lived underwater.”
“Well done,” Willow smiled at Maisy when they pulled into the lot that was just down the street. There was probably some deep philosophical reason for Maisy’s desire to live underwater, and Willow tucked this little piece of information into a mental place where she would retrieve it for consideration when she had more energy.
Tommy, however, had plenty of energy this morning. This should be surprising, being that he was up all night, roaming the house, and turning on all of the electronics at maximum volume. But his autism didn’t seem to know the rules that applied to others. Rules like when to sleep, or what to eat, and Willow couldn’t help but think of the autism and her son as separate beings sometimes. As if Tommy was the host, and the autism was a parasite or a body snatcher. She had been told by some that it was ok to be different, and to wish for her son to be normal, would be to wish him away. But Willow didn’t know what normal was. And she honestly didn’t care. She just wanted Tommy to be healthy and happy.  The drive to give her son a good childhood kept moving her forward.  Every child deserved a good life and she would do everything in her power to give him a chance at the pursuit of happiness.
 She thought back to what the delivery nurse had said about his strength, and how ignorant Willow had been, not knowing that strong, stiff arms were an indicator that something was wrong.  Tommy was still strong, much stronger than his six year old body would seemingly be. Even though he had failure to thrive, and his body didn’t tell him to eat, he never seemed physically weak, rather he seemed to have the strength of a body builder. And today he didn’t want to get out of the car. It wasn’t part of his routine.  He had started to whine and tense up when Willow took the turn away from the school and into the doughtnut shop parking lot.
“We’re going to get a special treat,” Willow said firmly, leaving no room for discussion as she put her hands under his arms to lift him out of his seat.  It hit her how tired she was.  Her arms shook with weakness and she felt sweat on her forehead.  It was so rare that they went out for sugary treats that she didn’t have a photo of the doughnut store to show him for his visual schedule. She knew he just wanted to know what was happening, but for once, Willow thought, would it kill him to be flexible? Maisy jumped up and down beside her and Willow felt trapped between the separate desires of her two children. 
“I’ll get you some corn chips, the doughnut shop sells them,” she pleaded with Tommy, not liking the desperate tone of her voice.  Then she said it again, in what she considered Tommy phrases. Short and to the point. No extraneous words that would muddy the sentence from the time it left her lips, entered his ears and was deciphered in his brain. “Corn chips,” she said, touching his shoulder while she talked, encouraging him to calm down. “Corn chips.”
Tommy stopped struggling. He pushed her away and got out of the car on his own. Then, after pushing her away, he ran straight into the parking lot.  
“Johnny!  STOP!"  With a quick turn and grab she managed to get his arm and hold him back.  “Thank God,” she said, crouching in the empty parking lot, her son pulled tight against her.  Maisy rolled her eyes and let out a sigh of relief.  Willow’s heart was racing and she felt as if she had just run a marathon. It was only eight in the morning. She wondered what her husband was up to. Maybe chatting with his buddies at work, taking his time as he perused his email. She decided to get a doughnut just to quell the bitter taste rising in her mouth. 
Willow put Tommy’s hand in hers and the three of them crossed the parking lot together. The shop smelled like maple and sugar and Willow thought back longingly to her Christmas’s as a child when her mother would special order maple sugar molds in the shape of leaves from Vermont. Where had her mother found the time to do such things? When Willow was little she had wanted two children when she grew up, a boy and a girl. She couldn’t remember the names she was set on giving them, she was sure they were horribly trite, but she knew her babies would be perfect. Athletic and intelligent. She didn’t want them to be popular, but rather well-liked, thoughtful and kind. 
And they were perfect, each in their own way. Maisy was extremely patient and kind and had a natural way with the children in her class. And Tommy was smart. That had never been an issue, even though people assumed he wasn't. He was reading already, and Willow knew that the teachers weren't able to understand how he was reading when he couldn't put verbal sentences together. But he was. And he was well liked at school. All of the kids knew who he was and what his disabilities and abilities were and would wave hello.  They seemed to like him more because he was different and fascinating. 
 Willow always let the children ask her any questions they wanted to about Tommy.  She was thrilled by the way that opening that door, allowing the kids to be curious, and being honest with them, led to their understanding him and being comfortable around him, rather that being afraid. He had a lot of people looking out for him. The teachers adored him, in spite of his seemingly random biting and scratching attacks. He could bite people, and they still liked him. It was a mystery – and yet it wasn’t . There was something about him that was almost intoxicating. If he deemed you worthy of eye contact, you felt validated in a strange way. It was a reward to be befriended by Tommy. He had that strange power over people. 
 Maisy decided on a strawberry doughnut with sprinkles and Willow watched as the girl with the blue hair and eyebrow ring stooped to get the treat from the case. No one is ever exactly who we would like them to be, Willow thought, wondering what the mother of this girl thought about her blue hair. 
“Thank you,” Willow said, nudging Maisy to say the same. And the girl flashed a brilliant smile and Willow immediately saw beyond the piercings and the hair and thought how unfair people are to judge other people. Tommy was over by the chips, doing his version of a dance. Spiced up stimming, his arms were flapping, his legs moving. He was happy.
“Cool moves,” the girl called to him, but he didn’t turn to respond. “Does he want a doughnut?” she asked Willow.
“No, he can’t,” Maisy said. “Sugar is really bad for him. Plus,” she said, licking pink icing from her fingers, “he’d just throw it on the ground anyway.”
The girl looked confused, but just nodded, and Willow was grateful not to have to answer any questions. 
He’ll just have a bag of corn chips,” said Willow, as she rummaged around in her wallet for enough cash. She gave the money to Maisy so she could hand it to the girl. Maisy smiled, thrilled with this new level of responsibility.
“I like your hair,” Maisy said earnestly while Willow went to see if she could coax Tommy toward the door. She didn’t want to disturb him, knowing he was happy in his dancing moment in front of the reflective freezer doors. All she wanted was for him to be happy. And here she was, taking him from his happiness, making him move from the comfort of the current moment into the future. She wondered if he had dreams, dreams of what he wanted in his life. She would like to help him realize his dreams, knowing that the dreams she once had for him weren’t probable anymore; knowing that they were really her dreams all along. What was important was for her children to find their passions, to explore their place in the world, and ultimately, to find happiness, or peace, or some combination of the two.
One glance at her watch made up her mind to interrupt the happy dancing and tell him it was time to go.  She braced herself for the tantrum that would surely follow.
“No!” he said.
“Tommy!  All done doughnut shop.  Time for school.  Bye – Bye in car, now”
“No!”  He started to whine and stomp in frustration.  An older woman entered the doughnut shop, followed by three teenagers who held back when they saw Tommy.  The woman immediately seemed displeased at having to walk around the disruptive boy and his mother.
“Excuse me!” She said rudely as she passed.  At that very moment Tommy fell back into the woman while trying to avoid Willow taking his hand to lead him out of the way.
“I’m sorry, Ma’am” Willow said.  “He didn’t mean to.”
“What a horrid child!”  The woman yelled over Tommy’s escalating screams.  Tears started pouring out of Tommy’s eyes and he lay down in the middle of the floor. “Tommy.  Tommy.  Get up Tommy!" Willow tried to pull him up, but he was thrashing around so much, she was worried he would hit his head on the floor.
 Willow could feel the woman's eyes on her, and knowing what was coming, she steeled herself and looked up. “What kind of mother are you?!” And there it was.
The woman's face was all scrunched up in distaste.  “Why are you letting him scream like that?!  You should both get whipped and maybe you’d learn some manners.” 
 Willow looked around. The blue haired girl and the teens who were were all staring at her and Tommy.  Maisy was hiding her face behind her hands.  Now the woman was waving her gnarled finger in Willow’s face.  Willow started shaking with frustration and weakness.  It felt as if this ignorant bitch was literally sucking the life out of her.
And of course, over Tommy's screaming, she started up again, her voice getting louder and louder. “In my day, parents were parents. They disciplined their kids and weren't afraid to spank naughty children!” Willow took a hard look at this old woman, who now seemed to resemble the witch from the Wizard of Oz, and she immediately began to separate herself from this woman and pull herself together. 
 Tommy, by some miracle had calmed down to a whimper. “I’m sorry.”  Willow said in a very calm voice.  “He has autism and we are out of routine.  It is my fault for putting him in this situation and not his.  I am sorry for the disturbance and appreciate everyone’s understanding.”  Willow then could not stop herself from turning to the old woman and loudly saying, “I don’t condone beating people with disabilities, but apparently you do and now everyone here knows it.  Have a nice day.”  
She reached for her children's hands and they all left the shop silently.  
Outside, she noticed that sweat was pouring down her face.  Why did everything have to be so hard? – even the things that were supposed to be simple?  “Not exactly the way I thought getting doughnuts on the way to school would be,” she told Maisy.  “I’ll never do that again.”
“You mean, you’ll never do that again with Tommy, right?  We’ll still go for doughnuts sometimes?”  Maisy asked.
“Of course, honey.”  Maisy looked relieved and turned her attention back to her doughnut. Willow, her stomach growling, realized she had forgotten to get anything for herself. And she chastised herself for promising Maisy they wouldn't take Tommy out. Of course that isn't what she had meant. It was only 8:15, she wasn't going to let one crazy bitch ruin her entire day. She took a deep breath and turned the page in the book that was her life. If only it were that easy. 



School 
The kids were only twenty minutes late to school. Which was a wonder, considering the morning they’d had. But it took another ten minutes in line at the office to get them their tardy passes. And then another half an hour to get Tommy totally calmed from his earlier meltdown and settled in his classroom. 
She apologized profusely to the teacher and gave Tommy a hug. He pushed her away and said, “I want milk!”.
She squatted down so she could talk to him at eye level, but didn’t actually make him look at her.  It was too hard for him to look at someone and translate what they were saying into a form that he could understand. . “I have to go home and get you a milk in your favorite cup and bring it to school.  Milk in a couple of minutes.  Ok?” 
“Milk!.”
“I promise I’ll be back as soon as I can. Why don’t you go play with Olivia? She’s over there with the dolls, see?”
Willow turned Tommy around and he dutifully walked toward Olivia. He didn’t play with her, but then, Willow had known that he wouldn’t. Tommy did a lot of parallel play. He was content to be near someone, but chose not to interact in the give and take way that other children his age did.  He couldn’t learn to play through imitation as did most children.  His brain just wasn’t wired for that.  He could only do the type of play that was taught, step by step.  He could do this if asked, but never spontaneously for fun.  He didn’t see the “fun” in play.  He would much rather feel the control and comfort in a predictable activity, like opening and closing a box,  with no anxiety over what was coming next.  Willow guessed that the activities that most children thought were fun, felt more like drowning in a sea of chaos, over stimulation and fear to Tommy.   Tommy picked up a red and blue block and turned it over and over on the carpet. “Red,” he said when the red side was up, and then “blue” when he turned it over. He did it again and again.
“He likes to do that,” Ms. Longley said.
“Because he knows what’s coming next,” Willow said. “He can’t fail that way.”
Ms. Longley smiled and nodded.
“Sorry. I know you already knew that.” Willow ran a hand through her hair, realizing she hasn’t even run a brush through it yet today. “It’s been one of those mornings. I’ll be back as soon as I can with his milk.”  
Willow glanced over at Tommy before she left to make sure he was doing ok. Olivia was standing right in front of him, her short black bob bouncing as she chattered away at him. He continued to play with the block in his hand, but didn’t turn away. He must really like her, Willow thought as she slipped out the door.  As the door closed behind her, she felt a moment of freedom, as if just released from jail.  She took a deep breath and set off to get as much done as possible in the few hours she had before she had to return with Tommy's milk, and then again to pick him up.
As she walked to the car, she couldn't help but see some of the other mothers, hanging out in their yoga wear and clutching coffee. She wondered what they were talking about, probably who the best hairdresser was for highlights, or who the hot new tennis coach was. She felt like a leper, dirty, probably smelly, and she quickly walked by them, judging them for their perfectly highlighted hair, their matching workout clothes. But then, when she realized she was judging them, making assumptions about who they were, and what they thought was important, she realized she didn't know them, because they weren't in her club, the special needs parents club. But in judging them, she was sending out the same negative energy she felt flowing her way every day. 
She would have to go over and say "hi." Introduce herself, make a good impression, and stop judging people with her narrow minded assumptions. But not today. She didn't have the energy today. Maybe tomorrow.

Even though she used to consider herself a non-joiner, Willow found more and more of her evenings consumed by meetings. Some nights she had a sitter, usually one of Tommy’s home therapists, as they were the only ones that understood him in a way that Willow trusted. She was always home before his bed time though. She felt she would turn into a pumpkin if she were out after 9:00 p.m.
Tonight, Ben was late getting home, but then, she hadn’t expected him to be on time. It was ok to be late to this meeting, as she had to prioritize when it was worth it to spend the money for a sitter, and when it made sense to wait. When she couldn't wait any longer, she called Tina, a sitter, hoping it wasn't too late. She had learned that expectations led to disappointment, so she tried not to expect, but she never was a big fan of waiting. It was better most days, to not count on Ben in any way. That way she couldn’t be disappointed
She held her breath while she waited for Tina to reply, and let it out in relief when she said graciously that she'd be right over. Because Tina was one of Tommy's therapists, it would be an easy transition. Willow waited until she saw her headlights and hugged Tina in gratitude as she slipped in the door and Willow slipped out.
Tonight, the meeting was with the local chapter of the Autism society. She hesitated in the parking lot, sitting in her car. It was the first time today she hadn’t been multi-tasking all day. She could see the women in the sterile looking office building. They sat at a long conference table sipping coffee. There wasn’t a guest speaker tonight, just a round table for support. She considered not going in, just driving through the suburbs for an hour, the radio turned up, singing out loud with the window rolled down. 
Inhaling deeply, as if the oxygen filling her lungs fortified her with the energy she needed, she grabbed her purse and headed toward the room.
They were already talking as she poured her coffee and sat quietly so as not to interrupt their conversation.
“I don’t see why he can’t be mainstreamed,” Julie said. Julie was always fighting for her son to be mainstreamed in with the student body.
Linda put her coffee cup down in a loud manner that meant she had something important to say. Linda always thought she had something important to say. “You have rights.” (Linda is the resident lawyer.) “You just have to keep trying. The money is there for an aide.”
“I thought your son already had an aide,” said a younger woman with an 18 month old that had recently been diagnosed with autism. 
Willow sipped her coffee while she watched them discuss the testing, the red tape, the unfairness of it all. Her mind wandered and she wondered why it always felt as if the parents and the school system were at war. There were always arguments that led to legal actions that drained everyone of time and money and they never seemed to end.  Why did it have to be so complicated and difficult to have an education and safety for special needs children?  Why was doing what was “best” for the child so hard for the district?  Willow sighed more loudly than she meant to. She knew it all came down to money. How much, and where it ended up.
And then there were the parents. Why did some parents seem to direct all their anger against the schools as if they were the reason their child wasn’t typical?  Why did some parents insist on mainstreaming their kids even though it was obviously more for the parent’s ego than the child’s best interest, in effect, taking up space for children who actually would have thrived in a mainstream situation? 
With all these thoughts going through her head, she wasn't listening to what was being said at the meeting.  She just watched their mouths move, their hands fly. She pictured what would happen if Tommy were in class with all of the other children. The so called typical children. He would never be able to keep up or even know what they were talking about.  They would pick on him. He would watch them, but not know how to correctly imitate their behavior. And being smart enough to know what was expected of him, he would try, but his arms might flap uncontrollably, and he might yell out when he meant to laugh. He would be so embarrassed and sad. And frustrated. Very frustrated.  Hopefully he would be ready someday, but he still had so much to learn. And Willow didn’t want him to feel isolated in his difference.  The most important place for him was a class that would teach him, realize his potential, but also keep him safe and happy.
“The district won't pay for a sensory swing.”  Linda always tended to focus on one thing to a point of obsession.  Willow wondered if it was genetic, the obsession, the autism. She wondered if it were her fault, Ben's fault. Ben bit his nails until they bled. Willow didn't like it when the fringe on the rug was tucked under. “The swing is the only thing that will calm down my son when he has sensory overload.  They are so afraid they will have to buy someone else something too, that they just decide not to buy anything!”  Suddenly, Willow couldn't take another second.  She stood up suddenly, slung her purse over her shoulder and nearly spilled her coffee.  “Shit!’ she yelled, catching the cup.  “I’m sorry, ladies.  I just can’t take this right now.  I need to go somewhere and not think about these things for a while.” 
The new woman with the baby started crying. She was always crying. Willow knew the women had misunderstood her outburst, but she just had to get out of there.  
In the parking lot the light above her car hummed and blinked off. The air was cool on her flushed skin and she leaned back against the hood for a moment, taking in the vast night sky. She and her father used to do this, when life felt insurmountable from silly things really, like a poor grade on a test, or a boyfriend dumping her. Things that at the time, filled her entire head and pushed everything else out. They would lie in the clearing beside the house on top of the hill and silently stare at the stars. After a while, her eyes would adjust and she would see more and more stars. They filled her up and nudged her problem aside. Usually not obliterating it, but just edging it out enough to give room to more positive emotions.
“Can you see them?” her dad always asked.
And she would nod. 
“All of them? The ones that used to be there, the ones that are there, the planets, the moon, everything?”
And she would soak it in, and as the night became cooler, and her arms became dotted with goose bumps, she would feel better.
As a child, she always had hope for the future, for tomorrow. And she knew now, as an adult, that she was missing that optimism. She feared for Tommy’s future, not knowing what would become of him.  Would she always have to fight society to give him a chance at a decent life?  She wondered if there was something bigger that felt sorry for her, the way she felt sorry for the ants when they were drowning. She would like to think so, but rather than pity, she would just appreciate a lifeboat; or even a swimming lesson. 

After Willow paid Tina, and paid her well, knowing that reliable, trustworthy sitters were nearly impossible to find, she walked her to the door, getting an earful of how the evening had gone. Willow was tired and the kids looked happy, and so she really only pretended to listen, and nodded at appropriate times, voicing her gratitude as she ushered the young woman out the door. Willow liked Tina a lot, but she hated to become attached, knowing that she probably wouldn’t last long. They never did.  Tina had stayed on that night even though Ben had come home and was in the den playing video games. Or maybe she stayed because her husband was in the den playing video games, and Tina had surmised that he couldn't be bothered to look after his own children. 
“Can you put them to bed?” Willow asked as she walked by on her way to the kitchen. She stopped in the living room and saw that Tina had already put them in their pajamas and they were settled in front of a video. Tommy wasn’t watching, but he was sitting beside Maisy while she watched. He was running his trucks along the bottom of the large wooden swing they had hung in the middle of the room for him. In the mornings, when he was especially frustrated, he stood on the square platform and rocked it back and forth. The sensation soothed him, and Willow had been tempted to try it herself on more than one occasion. Ben used to joke that it would be fun to use during sex, but Willow couldn’t remember the last time they had actually had sex, let alone joke about where to have it.
She heated some water for some chamomile tea and went back to the den where Ben was still shooting people on a tiny screen. “Can you please put the kids down tonight?” She repeated.  “I had a really tough day.”
“Uh.  What?  Oh, all your days are tough,” Ben said. He continued to concentrate on his pretend soldiers and she stood there, watching as he blew up a tank. Her body stiffened with anger. The anger used to come right before the screaming. Now it just invaded every cell of her body, numbing her, causing her body to feel as if she were standing naked for hours in a snow storm. He looked up and saw that her lips were set in a firm line and he stood and wrapped his arms around her. “I’m sorry you had a hard day,” he said softly. “I’ve got it covered.” 
He left her standing there in the den, sounds of soldiers screaming still coming from the dumb game. It took her a moment to realize that he had just offered to help. Maybe that was the lifeboat she had wished for. Or maybe he was coming down with a fever which was causing him to act out of sorts. The whistle on the tea pot startled her and she ran to the kitchen before the noise threw Tommy into hysterics.

Fifteen minutes later, Willow was curled up in bed with her cup of tea and a book about autism she had been meaning to read. The first chapter seemed to contradict the latest research she had read recently online and she flipped back to the beginning to see that the copyright was already three years old. Had she really had this on her nightstand collecting dust for that long? She skimmed through the chapters looking for interesting tidbits when she heard Tommy doing his nasally whine and Ben’s voice becoming louder and more desperate. I knew I wasn’t going to be able to drink this tea hot, she thought to herself.  She got up and went to Tommy’s room.
“We can’t find his blankie,” Ben said from the floor where he was lying on his belly, looking under the dresser.
Willow had forgotten to put the last load in the dryer. “Daddy’s going to read you a story while I get your blankie.” 
Ben gave Willow a look that told her he didn’t feel like reading a story. She gave him a look right back that meant he’d better. She dashed down the hall and out into the garage, the cement cold and gritty with sand on her bare feet. She couldn’t remember the last time they had gone to the beach. The coveted blankie was at the bottom of the cold wet clothes, and she hit her hand on the side of the washer as she pulled it out from under the heavy clothes and towels. She tossed the worn blue blanket into the dryer with a few towels that were already dry, hoping that would speed up the process.
She could hear Ben and Tommy reading. Tommy was repeating the page number at the bottom of each page as Ben tried to get him to pay attention to the story. Willow would have just read him one of his favorite number books, but Ben thought he needed to be exposed to a lot of things, not just his favorites. Willow knew he was right, but didn’t agree when it was bedtime and he was close to a meltdown with his blankie in the dryer. Rather than get involved, she took the opportunity to check in on Maisy, who was playing with her pet parakeet. 
“How’s it going?” Willow asks.
“Birdio was hungry, so I fed him. Now we’re just playing.” Maisy had the bird in the back of a Barbie motor home and she was pulling it around her wooden floor.
Willow saw several bird droppings on the floor and stooped to pick them up with a dirty sock that she’d throw on the floor of the garage in a minute.
“It’s getting late hon, time for bed.”
“Your turn to carpool, so we have to leave early,” Maisy reminded her.
Willow nodded. “How’d your spelling test go?” She held the sheets back as Maisy climbed in and settled back on her pillow.
“Good,” Maisy said. “But Stephanie was mean at recess.”
Willow smoothed Maisy’s bangs back. She had forgotten to cut her hair. “What happened?”
“She told me she wouldn’t be my friend if I played with Amanda.” Maisy’s chin started to tremble a bit. 
“Can’t you all play together?”
Maisy shook her head no. “Stephanie doesn’t like Amanda.”
Willow didn’t know what to say, it wasn’t as if she had figured out how to deal with people, let alone little girls. “I think you should tell Stephanie that you value your friendship…”
Maisy shook her head again. “That’s lame Mom.”
“Right. Tell her you like her, but you also like Amanda and you would like to play together.”
“But she won’t. I already told you that.”
Willow sighed and leaned down to give her daughter a kiss. “Life is really hard sometimes. I’m sorry. Just don’t let people tell you what to do, ok?”
Maisy nodded. 
“You can be friends with whomever you want. Ok?”
Maisy nodded again. “Love you Mom.”
“Love you too goose.” Willow covered the bird cage so Birdio wouldn’t tweet all night and turned off Maisy’s light, leaving the door a little bit open the way Maisy liked it. She ran down the hallway to see if Tommy’s blankie was dry. Fortunately, it was a damp that would pass for dry. She hurried back to Tommy’s room to find Ben asleep on Tommy’s bed and Tommy in the middle of a pile of books. The same pile Willow had cleaned up earlier today. 
“You tired?” she asked Tommy, giving him his blankie. She shook Ben, not very gently. “Ben. Get up.” 
Willow picked up Tommy who put his thumb in his mouth and held his blankie up to his face. He rubbed it underneath his nose and Willow watched him for a moment, wishing there was something that gave her that much instant comfort. Ben helped her lower him into bed and they both bent down to kiss him. But he curled into a ball and turned to face the wall. 
“Did you have fun with Olivia today?” Willow asked.
Tommy continued to inhale the scent of his fresh blankie and stared at the wall, sucking his thumb noisily. But she wasn’t really expecting an answer. At the moment, she was a distraction from his comfort. She followed Ben out of the room and into their bedroom. 
“The women at the meeting think I’m rude.” She moved her book back to the nightstand and climbed under the covers. She watched Ben’s face in the bathroom mirror as he registered what she had just said as he brushed his teeth. He came into the bedroom, his mouth full of foam and raised his hands questioningly.
“Oh, I kinda got up rudely and left right in the middle of a discussion they were having.  I didn’t do it because I don’t like them.  I just had to get out of there.  I was feeling claustrophobic from autism issues.”
He kept brushing and raised his eyebrows. 
“I think they hate me. You should have seen how they stared at me when I left.  I think I made the new lady cry.”
He went back into the bathroom and spit. “You made her cry?”
“Not really sure.  I think she was about to cry anyway, but it just happened to start right as I got up and left.”
Ben got into bed beside her. “It’s a support group, right?  Everyone deals with stuff in their own way.  I’m sure they weren't mad at you.  Don’t worry.  I think maybe this group is a little too serious and brings you down.  You need to find some humor and some fun. You need to find yourself again.”
Willow nodded, and turned to look at her husband. This was one of the reasons she had fallen in love with him. He was logical, practical, and he understood her when he was paying attention to her, which admittedly, hadn’t been very often lately. 
“You should schedule an outing with your friends or something.  I’ll babysit," said Ben.
Willow automatically bristled at the word "babysit." It is impossible to babysit your own children, but she realized that she had done too much over the years, let Ben get away with too much, and now, this was how he felt, like he was a stand in for a parent. She didn't want to be angry anymore, and she took his offer with the good intent with which he meant it. She thought about it for a moment. Who would she go with? She didn’t feel as if she had any girlfriends anymore. She had lost so many after Tommy was born. She had learned quickly that there was an unspoken agreement between women without children with autism. You return calls, sometimes, just to chat. You go shopping, sometimes when you don’t even need anything. And you don’t always talk about autism. She wasn’t able to abide by any of their rules. And so her friends had dropped out, one by one. But she didn’t want to talk about this. She smiled and kissed her husband on the cheek. “I could use some more help around here,” she said.
“I’ll be better,” he said. But when he turned over and drifted to sleep, she knew that in the morning, everything would be the same. And at that moment, she didn’t think she could handle any changes anyway. She knew that was why she stayed with him. Change would be scary, and it took energy that she didn't have. 



Sustenance

She woke up in a panic. The light was streaming through the windows and Ben was in the shower. The clock told her it was already 7:00 a.m. and although she was planning on a shower this morning, she’d have to put it off until later while the kids were at school.
Quickly she put on her favorite jeans and sweatshirt and padded into the kitchen to find Maisy standing on her step stool and putting a bagel in the toaster. “I’ll make one for you too Mom,” she said. Willow noticed that Maisy was wearing the sparkly shoes from last year's Halloween costume. She would probably be more comfortable in her tennis shoes, but it wasn’t a battle that Willow felt like pursuing.
“Cute shoes,” she said.
“I know,” Maisy said. “Do you want cream cheese or peanut butter? Or jam? Or jelly? Or just butter?”
Willow laughed and gave her a squeeze. “Surprise me. Whatever you’re having.”
Willow got Tommy’s milk together and went to wake him. He was already dressed in a yellow t-shirt with a grease stain in the middle and a pair of blue shorts that were on backwards. Sitting fully clothed amidst his puzzles on the ground, he looked adorable. Of course she would rather he didn’t wear the ratty t-shirt to school, but this definitely wasn’t worth the battle either.
“Good morning handsome! Good job getting dressed! You ready for breakfast?” 
He looked up at her, noticing her for the first time. “Milk”, he said, taking her hand he followed her toward the kitchen. 
She took his favorite cup out, quickly assembled the contents of his milk and handed it to him. She was ready for the milk rejection, the possibility that it was no longer his favorite cup, when instead he acknowledged the milk with a serious look and took it to the table and began to drink. Exhaling with relief, Willow sat down with them at the table. 
“Thanks for the bagel Maisy Daisy.”
Bravely, she took a bite of her breakfast. It was covered in butter, peanut butter and jam, with little clumps of cream cheese dotted on top. Maisy smiled at her proudly, waiting for her review.
It was the first time anyone had made food for her in, well, honestly, she couldn’t remember. “Delicious,” Willow pronounced. And she was surprised that she was telling the truth.  

Willow was annoyed while she shopped for groceries. And it wasn’t the price of the organic vegetables or the fact that she knew Tommy wouldn’t eat anything she was putting in her cart. It wasn’t even the fact that she couldn’t find any shampoo without sodium laurel sulfates or nuclear waste. Although she did long for the days before autism when she just bought the produce without worrying what it had been sprayed with, and bought the soap without worrying what would happen if it were ingested. But what was bothering her right at this moment was the music. The song that was playing was popular during her middle grade years, eighth grade to be exact. Arguably the worst year of her life. The year of her period. Her first love, the one that didn’t know she was alive. The year her pimples were raging and her friends were bitchy and her parents didn’t even know who she was. Why would anyone like this music? 
In the next aisle over she heard a baby crying. She poked her head around the aisle to peek and make sure it was ok. The mother, clearly distressed, was bouncing the baby up and down and humming while she tried to dump groceries into her cart.
“Aren’t you the woman from the meeting?” Willow asked her, walking up carefully so as not to startle her.
The woman looked at her and Willow watched her eyes register who she was. There was a flash of recognition, which turned to fear, and then the woman turned away.
“I’m sorry,” Willow said, but still the woman didn’t look at her. “About the other night. I’m sorry,” Willow tried again; her voice was louder now, in hopes of being heard over the crying baby.
“Can I try?” Willow asked, holding out her arms for the baby.
The woman, her nerves almost visible, handed over her child with wide eyes and a shrug.
He wasn’t quite one and a half years old, Willow guessed. She placed him stomach down and swung him back and forth as if he were on a giant glider. After a minute or two, she felt his body relax into it and his screaming turned to tiny gasps for air, and then he sighed in contentment.
“Tommy used to love this,” Willow said.
The young mother stood there just staring, unable to believe that he was quieting down.
Willow smiled and continued the motion. “My name’s Willow.”
“I’m Caroline.”
“I am sorry about storming out the other night.”
“Last night you mean?”
Willow laughed. “I lose track of time. Was it just last night? Anyway, I was just tired and angry and I didn’t want to be there anymore.  Everyone was being too serious.”
“It’s ok,” Caroline said, reaching for her baby, careful to continue the same movement after the transfer.
“You’ve got it,” Willow said. She turned to go, but Caroline stopped her. 
“I am tired of crying,” Caroline says. “And I’m tired of him crying. Wait, how am I supposed to do this while I shop? I can’t even push the cart.”
Willow felt a flash of selfishness rise in her. She saw her unpaid bills on the counter and the vacuuming that needed to be done after she put the groceries away. But she squashed those thoughts and said what she would want anyone to say to her. “I’ll help.”
“Really?”
Willow nodded and commandeered both of the carts, pulling one and pushing the other. Finally, the baby fell asleep and the women had all of the groceries that they needed. Willow was sure she had forgotten a few things, but she knew she had the basics. She had Tommy’s potato and unsweetened almond milk, along with rice protein powder and flax fiber. That was all they absolutely couldn’t do without.
They headed toward the checkout line.
“It’s just so overwhelming. All of the information,” Caroline said quietly, so as not to wake the baby, who looked as if he was getting quite heavy in her arms. 
Willow put the food on the conveyer belt, separating their two piles. “You just have to take it one day at a time. You might want to have him tested, see what foods he can’t handle. That way you can put him on a special diet as soon as possible.”
Caroline nodded.
“He may have allergies," said Willow.
“Allergies are the least of our problems.”
Willow laughed. She’d heard it so many times before. “Food allergies are a huge part of your problem. I’ve seen kids get dramatically better just from taking dairy or gluten from their diet.  Preservatives and food coloring are also big no – nos.” Caroline looked confused. “I have a good doctor. He’s the seventh one we’ve had. He really understands these kids.  It is so refreshing, he actually admits when he doesn’t know something instead of giving you the run around to save his own ego. I’ll give you his number.” Willow punched in her club card, the phone number from the place she lived ten years ago. She hadn’t had time to update it. 
“Do you want to get together sometime?” Caroline asked as they wheeled their carts out to the parking lot.
Willow hesitated. She didn’t know that she had any free time to give away. She didn’t know if she could be someone’s lifeline when she herself was struggling for air.
“It’s ok,” Caroline said, noticing her hesitation. “I understand.”
“No, you don’t,” Willow said, surprising herself with her new idea. “I need a change of pace, that’s all. I’m not going to go to the next Autism meeting. You want to ditch it with me? Let’s go to dinner instead. And have a margarita or two. And eat too much.”
“And laugh?”
Willow laughed. “Yes! Exactly. What do you think?”
“Do we have to wait until next month?”
Willow shook her head and slammed her trunk closed. She rooted around in her purse for a pen and paper. Her grandmother told her that a lady never has to look for things in her clutch. Keys, lipstick, cash. That’s all a lady needs, and you can feel them without standing there with your head hung over, fumbling around with your hands. Willow had about forty different items in her purse, and thought of her grandmother every time she looked for something. 
Finally, triumphantly, she came up with a chewed up pencil and a piece of scrap paper. Neither of which her Grandmother would have been able to produce, lady or not.
“Call me and we’ll figure something out.” She handed Caroline her phone number and helped her get her sleeping baby into his car seat. 
“His name’s Lake,” Caroline said. “And he thinks that it’s perfect that someone named Willow helped us today.” Tears clouded Caroline’s eyes again, but she smiled and wiped them away. “He says thank you.”
“It’s going to be ok,” Willow said. And then she did something she hadn’t done in a long time. She gave a friend a hug.



Therapy

Willow sometimes felt like a receptionist, or an office manager. She rearranged and canceled and confirmed appointments for Tommy on a daily basis. And she knew, without a doubt, that she was a chauffer. None of Tommy’s doctors or therapists were within a five mile radius. The closest was a twenty minute drive. And she went as far as UCLA and San Diego on a regular basis. The Los Angeles traffic that used to intimidate her was now just an annoying part of her schedule.
And then there were the days where she felt like a maid, a chef, a mediator, a nurturer. But these roles, she knew, were that of every mother. 
Five days a week, for two to three hours a day, a therapist for Tommy came to the house. It was through the Regional Center, a state subsidized program. Usually, about three different therapists came to the house in any given week. As soon as Tommy became used to them, and Willow had them situated, they quit. They fell in love, they graduated college, they realized that dealing with special needs kids was draining and they didn’t get paid enough to deal with the biting and hitting, the scratching and screaming. One of the best teachers was even called back into active duty and sent back to Afghanistan. Willow knew he would be a good marine. He had been in a type of active duty in her home for months, working the trenches with Tommy. 
All Tommy needed was consistency. Apparently, that was too much to ask. The one thing the therapists had in common was that they were high school graduates without a criminal record. And that left a lot of room for variables. Tommy loved the ones with a lot of energy. The ones that would just jump in and throw him around, and didn’t underestimate his talents and abilities. He wasn’t too fond of the ones that always appeared to be bored and made statements like, “He just can’t do it." Willow wasn’t too fond of them either.
Tommy's favorite place to be was in water, and some afternoons were spent with a therapist in the tepid Jacuzzi right outside the kitchen window. Today, Willow spent draining the Jacuzzi and siphoning out the dump that Tommy had taken the day before. She couldn’t really blame him. He became constipated so easily if he ate the wrong thing.  Willow assumed someone had brought “treats” for the kids at school and he had eaten something he shouldn’t have.  Willow knew the warm water relaxed him. She just wished he would get out of the water and take the short trip to the bathroom once he was relaxed. It couldn’t be more than fifteen feet away. But as it was, she was stern when he had accidents, told him "no," took him to the bathroom and made him take a shower, and didn't allow him to go back into the contaminated Jacuzzi. She was hoping it would click and he would gain better control eventually.
“I’m so sorry,” Jackie, the therapist said when she saw Willow setting up the hose to drain the contaminated water away from the house. “I thought he was making a funny face. But I wasn’t sure.”
“Happens all the time,” Willow said graciously. Besides, she thought today would have set a record. A record of her not having to deal with shit in any capacity for three days. “You’ll get the hang of his routine,” she said. And she thought, ‘if you hang around long enough.’ “He’s supposed to work on sequencing today,” Willow said, nodding toward the trampoline where Tommy was bouncing happily.
“Right,” Jackie said. “And I thought we could work on his flapping and humming. You know how he does?”
Willow looked up from cleaning the Jacuzzi. “What?”
“You know that weird thing he does?”
“No, I mean yes, I know what you’re talking about. But he does that when he’s happy.  I would rather focus on bad behaviors like aggression and pooping in the spa, etc.  I don’t want to correct the way he demonstrates his happiness.  I actually love to see him do that and it makes me happy.  Spreading happiness is not a crime.”
“Oh. I just thought, you know, socially, so he could appear more normal,” Jackie said, avoiding eye contact with Willow.
“He isn’t ‘normal.’ He’s Tommy. He isn’t easy, but I love everything about him and I won’t let you change how he expresses joy.” Carefully, so as not to get dirty water on her face, she brushed her bangs out of her eyes with the back of her hand. “No one ever told you that smiling was wrong. Or laughing. Can you imagine your life if people wouldn’t let you laugh because it made them uncomfortable?  In this case, I really think society needs to change, not my son.”
Jackie shook her head. And what she said was, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you,” but what her look said was “what’s your problem?” She shrugged and went to get Tommy. 
“First we’re going to do story cards,” Willow heard Jackie say when she reached the trampoline, “then you can play on the trampoline.”
“All done,” Tommy said. He got off of the trampoline and walked past Jackie toward his mother, a frown on his face. 

Later, Willow was sweeping up dry rice that Tommy had spilled all over the floor while she was telling the little girl from across the street that they couldn't buy any Girl Scout cookies. She had been filled with guilt as she closed the door and was already defending her stance in her head, as in, 'those cookies are filled with chemicals and palm oil. And the deforestation of palms ruins the habitat of the orangutans and why did that little girl look like she was going to cry?' But she stopped her mental self abuse when she saw the trail that Tommy had made when he opened the 10 lb bag of rice and carried it down the hallway. It was too late to reprimand him now and for him to make the connection; she had somehow dropped the ball, again, not living up to her full potential as a mother because she didn't catch his every move. 
She read somewhere that birds can die from ingesting dry rice, and the last thing she needed was for something to happen to Birdio. She silently thanked her husband for the hardwood floors he had put in last summer. She had been too hard on Jackie today. She was probably too hard on her because deep down, Willow would love it if Tommy were ‘normal.’ His life would be so much easier. But Tommy was severe and had to overcome so much.  Realistically, she had to compromise and focus on the things that were important; communications, safety, not biting people.  Telling him to stop being joyful because it annoyed people had to be taken off of the “to do” list.
“I don’t get this part,” Maisy called from the kitchen table while she was working on her homework. 
“Read it to me,” Willow called back. “I’m still sweeping the floor.”
“There are two girls and one boy,” Maisy read. “One boy has seven marbles and the other two kids each have five. How many marbles do they have all together?”
“Add it up,” Willow called. 
Maisy moaned dramatically. Willow could picture her flopping her forehead to touch her paper, her neck hanging in mock sorrow. Willow knew she was hoping to catch her mother in a weak moment where she would just shout out the answer. She heard a thud from Tommy’s room. “Tommy?” Willow poked her head in. He was sitting naked amidst his books that were fanned out all around him. He held one out to her. “Book.”
“I don’t have time to read right now. I’m picking up the rice that you spilled all over the floor.  But let’s get your pants on.”
Tommy picked up another book and held it out. Willow knew that the rice wasn’t going anywhere. She dressed him and sat down and pulled Tommy onto her lap. He leaned his head back, his weight fully on her. “This is a story about Tommy,” she said, changing the name of the main character. Tommy looked up at her, his cheek still on her chest. And he smiled. It was a smile Willow would never take for granted. It was a smile that they had worked toward for years. It was a smile that wasn’t given easily, but took her breath away. 
Moments like this, where Tommy showed her the miracle of a smile, where she really felt the beauty of it, were moments that Tommy was the one who was doing the teaching. She wondered if parents of "normal" children were so blessed. She also wondered if she hoped they weren't so the playing field felt a little more even and she could pretend that things were fair, just this once.
After the kids had finished their dinner, and Tommy had eaten his almond butter and crackers, and Maisy had protested her brussell sprouts, Willow attempted to settle them with their toys in the adjacent family room. Feeling decadent, she then poured herself and Ben a glass of wine and, miracle of all miracles, sat down.
“Well, what’s this all about?” Ben asked. Usually it was a rush to clean the kitchen and get the kids into the bathtub and into bed. 
“I’m tired of rushing,” Willow said, taking a sip of her wine.
Ben raised his eyebrows. 
“I mean, where am I going?”
Ben shrugged and waited.
“What’s going to happen when he’s twelve and is stronger than I am? What’s going to happen when he’s eighteen? Twenty five?”
Ben shook his head and stared at his wine. Then he looked up, avoiding her insistent gaze, and noticed something new hanging on the door that led to the garage.
“What’s that?”
“His milk and supplement schedule.” Willow sighed and put her feet up on Ben's lap. Absentmindedly, just as she’d hoped, he rubbed them.
“Why is it on the whiteboard? You already have it memorized.”
“I know. But you don’t. And what if something were to happen to me? You realize no one would know how to feed Tommy if I were gone?”
“You worry too much,” Ben said. He always preferred the idea that everything would always work out in the end.  Willow saw this as a form of laziness on his part.  He stood and began clearing the table.
Willow slumped back in her chair and took another sip of wine, ignoring the clashing noise of toys and increasing volume of Tommy’s voice. “Well, what are we going to do when he’s twelve?”
“I don’t know honey.” Ben started to uncharacteristically load the dishwasher and the noise of the clattering dishes hit Willow like a slap in the face.
“Will you just sit down for a minute? We need to talk about this.”
Dutifully, Ben sat back down. “What? I don't do the dishes and you get angry, I do the dishes and you get angry. I can't win.”
“I don’t know what we’re going to do.” 
“Take it one day, one minute at a time. Just like we have been doing. Isn’t that all we can do?” Ben said it gently, sensing that Willow was beginning to panic.
“Just do what “WE” have been doing?!  We, meaning ME. I've been working my ass off to get to this point.  Always researching, always planning, and always running around.  Just because it appears to you that it is magically working out, means that you don’t get what’s really going on here.   Do you think if I took it one minute at a time anything would get done? Do you think I would have had him in that UCLA program last summer if I hadn’t signed him up a year and a half in advance? And he put three words together for the first time because of that program.”  Ben just stood there.  “No, I can’t take it one day at a time.  You don’t want to feel the pressure of planning and worrying about Tommy’s future, and that means you are putting the burden on me. That’s unfair! I feel as if I must live as long as Tommy and never die or his life would be destroyed. There is no one else on this planet that can take care of him and keep him healthy and happy besides me – and I’m barely even doing that. What happens if I die?  What happens as he gets older?” Willow took a deep breath and felt a little bit better after her long rant.
Ben rubbed his hands through his hair, which Willow noticed was going gray quite quickly. “I don’t know what to say. What do you want me to say?”
Willow stood up and dumped her wine in the sink. “I don’t know. Nothing. Forget it.” She walked into the family room, turned off the video much to Maisy’s dismay, and herded the kids toward the bathroom for a bath.
Tommy lingered after they were clean, and Willow sat on the toilet watching him walk back and forth in the draining water.
“Careful,” she said. “Don’t slip.” She reached out so she could loosely hold his wrist, not knowing how this helped, but feeling better about it. She also knew that if she tried to get him out of the tub before the last drop had swirled down the drain, there would be at least an hour of screaming. 
Her lower back was sending signals of pain down her right leg and she wondered when she had strained it. The water was mesmerizing as it made its final turn and there was a sucking noise as the drain hungered for the last drops. She pulled his favorite towel from the bar and wrapped him in it, ruffling his hair and bundling him up before heaving him up and out of the tub. 
“Dry, dry, dry,” she sang softly as she pulled the towel back and forth across his back, “dry, dry, dry Tommy.” She kissed his nose and stood to hang the towel over the shower door. 
“Again,” he said.
Sighing, she took the towel off of the door. “What do you want again?” she asked, without much hope there would be an answer.
“Dry, dry, dry,” Tommy sang, imitating the melody in a high, shaky voice.
“You got it!” Willow said, stooping to wrap the towel around him again and sing their silly song. Imitation, she knew, was a natural step in the language process. And even though he was about four years behind for his age, it was a huge step. And even though her back was aching and she just wanted a hot shower herself, she vowed to sing the dry song with him for as long as he wanted to sing with her.
“Dry, dry, dry,” she sang again, and this time his voice joined hers. And although neither one of them had a particularly lovely voice, her soul soaked up the sound as if it were a masterpiece, the likes of which would make Mozart swoon.

At 9:30 p.m. she saw the light in the office on and figured Ben must be in there with his damn video games again. She went in to tell him goodnight.
“Look at this,” he said excitedly. She was surprised to find him sitting at the computer pointing at a website that cast a blue glow in the dark room.
She pulled up a chair beside him. It was an article she had read weeks ago about chelation.
“It says that the kind we’re doing is too slow and doesn’t reach into the fatty tissue of the brain where the metals are stored.”
“I know,” Willow said. “I’ve read this.”
“Well why didn’t you tell me? We need to do this.”
“I’m scared. Some of those chelation treatments seem really risky.  What if Tommy is so toxic with metals that they all leach into his system too quickly and he gets even worse? What if we damage him more?  How could we live with ourselves?”
“How could we not try? How would we live with ourselves then?” Ben, she could see, had already decided.
“Let’s talk about it in the morning,” Willow said. “I’m tired.” She kissed his cheek, leaving him at the computer, and went back to their bedroom. She slept for three hours before Tommy woke her up by turning on the living room stereo.
She ran out to turn it down before Maisy and Ben woke up. Still blurry eyed, she sat on the floor, her heart hammering from the shock of the loud noise, and saw Tommy moving around in the dark. He was flapping his arms and doing what she called his happy dance. 
She settled on the couch and watched Tommy jump about the dark room. What if that treatment made him worse? If he were much worse, they would have to up his medications which would lead to a host of other issues. He may become more violent, less responsive, depressed.  
“Milk please yes,” he said.
“No, it’s the middle of the night. We should get you back to bed now.”
Tommy’s happy hum turned to a frustrated whine. Willow hesitated for a moment, thinking she was thirsty sometimes in the middle of the night, and no one denied her water. But she didn’t want him to start waking up at midnight in order to have milk either.
“Would you like some water?”
Tommy’s whining became louder. 
“How about I read you a book?”
Tommy went to the front door and he tried to open it. The chain lock at the top was much too high for him to reach and the door wouldn’t open. His whining threatened to turn to a scream and a full on tantrum. 
“We can’t go anywhere right now. It’s the middle of the night.”
Tommy started to bang his head on the door in a reaction to not getting his way. 
“Let’s go outside in the backyard,” Willow said, desperate for the screaming to end.
Tommy heard the word backyard and brushed past her on his way to the sliding door to the back patio. Once outside, the cool air instantly calmed him. She sat in a lounge chair so she could look up without straining her neck. He climbed on top of her and leaned back as if she were his chair. Together, they looked up at the inky sky. 
“Isn’t it beautiful?” Willow asked. Tommy didn’t respond with words, but he sat still for a moment, which was a response in and of it self. Here they sat, mother and son, looking up at the millions of stars in the universe. And for a moment, Willow was filled with the contradictory sense of being very small, while at the same time being someone’s entire world. 
She gave Tommy a squeeze and he sat up to go investigate a dark corner of the yard. How could someone need her so much, and yet be so independent that Willow often wondered if he would even notice her absence? She used to think that he was lost somewhere in his own world. But as she had grown with him, she realized that he wasn’t lost. He wasn’t waiting to be found. He just experienced the world differently. And he was never in his own world. They had always been, she knew now, under the same stars.
After finally tucking him into bed, his eyes drooping enough that she trusted she would get at least a few hours of sleep before he woke up, she passed Maisy’s room. Birdio was jumping around and throwing his seed around, so Willow quietly maneuvered the dark room in order to cover his cage. She looked down at her sleeping daughter, her lashes visible on her cheek, and she had a physical pain in her stomach when she remembered that she had asked Maisy how her day was, but she was so preoccupied at the time, she had no idea what Maisy’s answer had been.
She scooted Maisy over, careful not to wake her and climbed under the covers, fitting Maisy’s body, warm and heavy with sleep, against her own. She held her tightly, hoping that osmosis worked for people, and that Maisy was soaking up Willow’s love the way a plant soaks up sunlight and water.



Mom’s night out

They chose a local haunt where they could get a large booth and settle in for a while. Caroline arrived first, having rushed out the door the second her husband returned home from work. 
Willow was next, and she slid over the smooth red pleather. “Ooooh, good, you already ordered a pitcher,” she said, pouring herself a glass and licking some salt off of the rim. She couldn’t remember the last time she went anywhere for fun.
“I hope you don’t mind,” Willow said, “I invited another woman. But you’ll like her, she’s easy going.”
Caroline smiled and exhaled. “Good. I invited someone too. A stay at home father I met at the library. He has a teenager who is low functioning. His wife is a doctor.” Caroline shrugged, took a sip from her straw and whispered, “and he’s really cute.”
Willow laughed and opened her menu. She was in the mood for tacos, or maybe enchiladas. The more cheese the better. She hadn’t had dairy for so long, she knew it would probably make her stomach ache. But for the gooeyness of it all, she was willing to risk it.
“How’ve you been?” She looked up at Caroline and noticed she was swaying slightly from side to side. “You don’t have to do that.  It’s your night off.” 
Caroline smiled and stopped swaying. “Sorry. Habit.”
Jennifer, a mother from Tommy’s class, slid in beside Willow and introduced herself to Caroline. “I have two autistic children,” she said, as if this, rather than her name, was introduction enough. “Oh, good, margaritas.” She held out her glass and waited for Willow to pour.
“What's the latest Jennifer?  How are the kids?” Willow asked.
“Ok, so, the kids were both on some new drugs that were supposed to help control their anxiety and aggression.  But now they both have irreversible nerve and muscular damage.” 
Caroline sat frozen, slack jawed.  “Isn’t the medicine safe for kids?  The doctor wouldn’t prescribe something harmful, right?”  Willow and Jennifer rolled their eyes with expressions on their face of ‘poor little naïve dear.’
“We are planning on suing,” Jennifer said. 
"Really?" Willow asked, surprised at her friend. 
Jennifer shrugged. “But don’t get me started on that right now. I can’t even think about that.” She opened up her menu and scanned the items. “I just want my kids to be back the way they used to be.  Just autistic. Ha,” she said, slamming the menu closed. “Never thought I’d say that. Anyway, enough about me. What’s up with you two?”
Willow knew that Jennifer needed a break from worrying about her children. In an effort to turn the talk away from autism, she mentioned her marriage for a moment. About how she was just getting ready to count Ben out when he had started to snap out of his five year slumber. “He’s been really kind lately, thoughtful. And he’s checked in all of a sudden, you know what I mean?" She plowed on, even though she could feel Jennifer her shaking her head in mock disbelief.  "No, really. He’s been helping out more and actually listening to me.”
“Blah, blah, blah,” Jennifer said, cutting her off. Willow nudged her and pretended to be offended. “What? Oh, sorry, I mean congratulations on having a decent man.”
“Mine’s still in shock I think,” Caroline said quietly.
“Mine’s just an ass,” Jennifer said. “Which is why he isn’t mine anymore. I left him. Or he left me. I can’t even remember.  So much happened at once.  The kids were diagnosed, the cost of their medical bills and therapy was insane, and there I was with a husband who couldn’t handle the pressure. I guess he glossed over the "sickness" part in the vows. Wait, doesn't he have to keep his vows to his children? Isn't that an inherent part of inseminating someone? It should be. Whatever.”  
“Ladies,” a male voice said as he sat down next to Caroline. “Dave.” Caroline introduced everyone and a basket of warm chips with a huge side of salsa was delivered. Dave rubbed his hands together and dug in, munching away happily.
Willow was startled by his clear blue eyes and took a gulp of her margarita, hoping to hide her blush behind the large glass. 
“So, I was reading to the kids at the library after school today,” he said, “and the cutest thing happened. This kid who is in our group gets a camera out of his mom’s purse and goes around taking pictures of everyone. How am I supposed to compete with a four year old kid who is walking up to everyone in the library, screaming ‘cheese’ and flashing the camera four inches in front of their face?”
“Did he have autism?” Jennifer asked.
“Yeah. Everyone in the library group does. I started it about a year ago. That’s how I met Caroline.  The library lets us use a room off the main lobby, so the kids can feel free to be themselves.  Which," he held up his hands in a 'what can you do?' motion "can sometimes be noisy.”
“Some of the kids really settle down and listen after a few minutes. It’s amazing,” said Caroline. “He has a really engaging way with the kids.” Seems like he has an engaging way with women as well, Willow thought as she felt the breeze from all of their eyelashes, batting competitively. 
Willow wished the waitress would get here to take their orders. She was having a hard time looking Dave in the eye. She hadn’t felt this attracted to anyone since she first fell in love with Ben. The margarita was making her feel a little fuzzy and her stomach didn’t feel quite right. Fortunately, the waitress arrived and took their orders. After she left, and Jennifer refilled Willow’s glass, Willow got up the nerve to talk to Dave.
“Caroline said your daughter is a teenager?”
Dave nodded. “She’s fourteen.”
“Oh God, how do you get through the day?”
“Willow!” Jennifer nudged her under the table.
“I’m sorry. It’s just that Tommy’s still little. I get scared sometimes that I won’t be able to handle him when he’s older.”
Dave was looking at Willow in a manner that made her feel important. And it felt thrilling to Willow, to feel this much attention. And it also felt slightly dangerous. “No, it’s ok. It is really hard. My daughter has a lot of issues and can be very difficult.  It came to a point when we thought we would have to give her up.”  Stress came to his face and tears weld up.  “My wife and I have two houses. Well, one apartment and one house.”
“You separated?” Jennifer asked.
Dave laughed. “No, I mean, we’re still together. But we both couldn’t do it all of the time without a break.  Not humanly possible. I stay with her while my wife is at work during the week, and then on the weekends, unless she gets called in, she stays with her. She also does weekday evenings on particularly tough days. The stress is indescribable and after a few days I just have to get away to breath a little. We treat the apartment as our vacation home I guess you could say. It was just too much for us on our relationship to both have to do it all of the time.”
“But when do you see each other?” Caroline asked.
“Rarely,” Dave admitted, leaning back so the waitress could deliver their food. “But it works for us right now. We get to have several days without constant stress and get to sleep at night.  We get to sit and eat meals from start to finish and even watch an entire TV program.  You know, normal people stuff. We get refreshed before going back into the trenches.  Don’t get me wrong.  We love our daughter.  It’s not her fault.  The situation is just more than most people can handle.”
“What are you going to do when she’s an adult? Are you going to live that way forever?” Willow asked. She was rewarded this time by a swift kick from Jennifer. Was she being too prying? What was Jennifer's problem? Willow glanced at her and Jennifer gave her a look that told Willow she thought she was being obvious in her attraction toward him. Willow ignored her.
Dave, who had been about to dig into his food which had just been placed before them, put down his fork and looked at her. “I don’t know what we’re going to do. Sometimes it feels like there is no light at the end of the tunnel. Literally no end in sight. Oh,” he said, shaking his head, “that sounds awful. I’m sorry.” Caroline took a big swig of margarita.
“No, it’s ok,” Willow said. “I know exactly what you mean. I don’t know what we’re going to do either. I mean, an institution is out of the question, but he can be aggressive sometimes. As he gets older, I worry about him hurting his sister, or us.”
“At least you have Ben to help you out,” Jennifer said. Dave looked up at Willow.
“When he happens to be home. I mean, he has to work.” Willow began picking at her food, her appetite suddenly ruined. Ben was there for Willow, how could she be betraying him, in her thoughts anyway.
“Come on,” Caroline said. “This is officially a bummer free zone. Isn’t that what you wanted?”
“I’m so sorry,” Willow said. “You’re right.” She forced a smile, hoping to convince herself, and the others, that she was capable of having fun. Dave cocked his head and studied her. 
Caroline and Jennifer started talking about the latest trends in fashion, specifically the question of why people wear scarves when it was 80 degrees outside. Willow tuned them out and pushed the goopy cheese around her plate, wishing they had an authentic Mexican place that didn’t just throw cheese on everything. Why had she wanted cheese before? 
“It will be ok,” Dave’s voice surfaced above the din in the restaurant.
“How do you know?” Willow asked, raising her eyes to meet his, her voice catching, the last few words coming out as little more than a whisper.
“There isn’t any other alternative,” he said. “Now, what’s that they’re always telling us to do? Live in the moment? Can we have another pitcher over here?” he called out to the passing waitress. 

Willow called Ben on her cell phone from the ladies room. She was crying for the first time that she could remember in years. Honest, messy tears that the third margarita found lying dormant somewhere within her had come bubbling to the surface. 
“I’m sorry,” she managed.
“Is everything ok? What’s the matter?”
“I’m sorry,” she said again. “No, I’m fine. I mean, I’m not. I think I’m drunk. Can you come get me?”
“I’ll call you a cab. What about your friends?”
“Jennifer left early and Dave is taking Caroline home. She lives in the other direction.”
“Who’s Dave?”
“Can you just not?”
Ben sighed, letting Willow know he was being put out. “I can’t leave the kids. I’ll call a cab for you ok?”
Willow knew he wouldn’t be able to leave the children alone, or wake a neighbor to watch them. She knew a cab would be the only plausible solution. But the thought of sitting in a cab made her feel so lonely that the tears started again. All of a sudden she felt intensely sorry for herself, a feeling she hadn't allowed herself to feel. She was at the bottom of a deep well of selfish misery.

She sat on a bench outside the restaurant to wait for the cab. Ten minutes, then fifteen. She almost gave up when she saw the headlights pull up. She stood, and then disappointed that it wasn't a cab, sat back down again. The driver left the car running, parked at the curb in front of her. When he got out and strode in her direction, she braced herself for trouble, but then saw it was Dave.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“I had to make sure you were ok. And it’s a good thing. Need a ride?” He stood before her, hands in his jeans pockets against the chilly night air.
She shook her head ‘no.’ “The taxi will be here any minute.”
“You sure? I don’t mind.”
“It wouldn’t be fair,” Willow said, “to the taxi driver.”
Dave laughed and sat beside her. “You worry about other people a lot.”
“Doesn’t everybody?” She turned to look at him in the darkness and found his face uncomfortably close. Slowly, she slid a few inches away from him. Her heart was racing and she was sure he could see her pulse throbbing above her neckline. She didn’t trust herself to speak, or move.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I don’t know what I was thinking. Well, I do.” He leaned forward, elbows on his knees and put his head in his hands. “It’s just hard, you know? And we seem to have so much in common. I can’t help but to be attracted to you. That’s really why I came back. I was hoping you would be here.”
Willow was taken aback by his honesty and the misery he seemed to be feeling at her rejection. She wanted to comfort him, but didn’t trust herself, as she felt such a base physical attraction to him as well, which was only complicated by the depth of understanding he seemed to have of her.
“It’s just new, that’s all. The newness of it. It doesn’t mean anything.” Willow stopped, feeling herself blowing things out of proportion. There was no “it”. What was she even talking about. She exhaled and let her shoulders fall, and he looked at her as if she were adorable. “You haven’t seen me at my worst," she said, "believe it or not," she pointed to her running mascara, "this isn't even close." She was glad to see the cab, finally approaching, before she stopped talking and did something she would regret.
“I’ll see you at the next get together?” She tried not to sound too hopeful.
“I wouldn’t miss it.” He smiled, and even in the dim light, she was drawn to the intensity of his gaze. It was a gaze that told her he really saw her; and that he liked what he saw. 

Willow climbed into bed next to a snoring Ben. Goldilocks was taking up the majority of the bottom half of the bed. Willow curled up in a fetal position so as not to disturb the dog. She lay there, listening to the ticking of the clock over the quiet of the house, and thought of Dave. She replayed every bit of conversation they had had, remembered the warmth of his body, so close to hers on the bench. He had told her she worried a lot about other people, and she supposed this was true. How many times had she said “yes,” to something, only to resent everyone around her while she was completing what she herself had signed up for willingly? Her hip started to ache from the position she was in, and she realized she was putting the dog’s comfort above her own. She turned over and stretched her legs out, shoving her freezing feet under the bulk of the dog. Goldilocks looked up at her and then flopped her head back down with a sigh, not understanding that Willow had just experienced a revelation of sorts.
But she couldn't sleep, and the digital clock seemed to skip ahead toward dawn as she gritted her teeth and stared at the ceiling. Tomorrow was Tommy's IEP, or his Individualized Education Program. Willow was as prepared as she could be, having been to the three day/eight hours a day special needs legal course. She knew that the meetings were a matter of allocating resources and budget, and she was prepared to make them see Tommy as a human being with special needs, rather than just another file and meeting to get through. She was also prepared for them to try to intimidate her. But this time, she had done her research. She knew what to ask for. If only she didn't dislike confrontation so much. But every evaluation, every technique could hold a key to Tommy's future. She felt like a soldier, gearing up to go to war, wishing she didn't have to, but knowing there was no other choice. 
The alarm went off and Willow snapped it off, her feet already on the ground. She would sleep later, she thought as she surveyed the bags under her eyes, like maybe in her next lifetime.  

On the way to the meeting, she pictured herself filling the space on her side of the room, the school district representatives, their specialists, therapists, teachers and principal all on the other side. She needed to project strength. 
She had spent the last month researching Hyperlexia. It was the diagnosis that Tommy needed, because Willow was certain he had it. He was able to read words before he understood their meaning. The problem was, the teachers she had talked to weren't aware of the disability, and they had no idea how to test for it. The catch was, to teach a child who had hyperlexia, you must use reading as a tool. But because Tommy's comprehension was low, his teachers assumed he couldn't read which simply wasn't true.
Willow had known this about Tommy, that he would read the words, and not understand their meaning, but she had been so excited to see that there were documented cases, a name for the learning style, and teaching techniques that worked for teaching students with hyperlexia. 
She grabbed her digital recorder to put on the desk, a form of her own intimidation, as well as a learning tool. She could also listen and see how she could improve the dialog next year. Her head was reeling with information that she had to remember to address. She couldn't forget to give them the note, signed by Tommy's doctor, that he needed supervision on the playground so he wouldn't eat non food items. She had to prove that her son needed to be taught, because he was a capable learner, and that he needed to be safe, in order for him to be able to go to school.
She had evaluations from occupational, speech, and behavior therapists that went into much more detail about what Tommy needed compared to what the school paid therapists tended to come up with. She remembered the saying about the squeaky wheel, and for a moment, standing at the door, she hesitated, hoping she wouldn't, in effect, be taking money away from someone else's special needs budget. But she knew that wasn't how it worked. She knew she had to do what was right for Tommy, and as she opened the door to find ten school officials looking through paperwork, chatting and drinking coffee, she said a little prayer that what would transpire in this room would be in Tommy's best interest. And because she couldn't help but lack faith at this point, being weary from past battles, she lit up her smile, pulled out her recorder, and wondered why the hell she didn't sell her left kidney to hire a lawyer.



Change of Pace

“Morning honey,” Willow said, placing a cup of coffee in front of Ben.
“How was your dinner?”
“Fun. Thanks for letting me go.” She didn’t like the sound of it, ‘letting me go,’ but there was a truth to it as well. She tended to get upset when Ben left her in the evenings, so she was, in fact, grateful.
“Instead of taking Maisy to basketball this evening, I was thinking I could do it and you could take Tommy to his speech therapy.” Willow sat down across from Ben and willed him to look at her.
“What?” He looked up from his paper.
Willow took a deep breath and told herself not to back down. If things were to change, she was going to have to start telling Ben what she needed. “You heard me. Just because you don’t like what I said, don’t pretend like you didn’t hear me.”
“Stop fighting,” Maisy said, coming into the kitchen, her hands over her ears. “La, la, la I can’t hear you.”
“We aren’t fighting,” Ben snapped the paper closed. “I don’t even know where his speech therapy is.”
“I’ll set up the GPS for you. It starts at 4:30 and is over by 6:00.”  A look of ‘What just happened?’ came over Ben’s face. 
Willow kissed the top of Ben’s head as a thank you and retreated to check on Tommy before Ben changed his mind. He was sitting on the floor of his bedroom putting on his socks. She stood in the doorway quietly and watched him. Methodically, he got on his socks, but they were twisted up upside down with the heel space on top of his foot. Then he began to put his shoes on. She remembered when she tried to teach him how to tie his shoes and how impossible it was, with the language such a huge barrier between them. Finally, she bought him shoes with a Velcro closure, and what had once been such a struggle, became a somewhat simple task.  Now all she had to worry about was him chewing on the Velcro. When you solve one problem, there is always another one right behind it. Progress, Willow knew from experience, seemed to be the ability to solve an endless supply of problems.
Tommy stood up, his shoes on the wrong feet and looked up at Willow. When he saw her, he was surprised by her presence. Just as she had hoped for, but not expected, she was rewarded by a bright smile. He walked to her and fell into her arms. “Good morning handsome boy,” she said.
He pulled back to look at her. “Boy,” he said. He broke away from her and went to play with one of his puzzles. She was overwhelmed with a sense of accomplishment for him. She made a mental note to treasure this moment, sunlight sliding through the shades, puzzle pieces scattered about, and Tommy playing happily. She didn't ever want to forget this feeling.
“How about some breakfast?” Willow rejuvenated with energy, busied herself picking up stray socks and puzzle pieces that didn’t belong in the puzzle he was working on. 
But Tommy wasn’t interested. He didn’t recognize the word breakfast yet. 
“Milk?” she asked, trying again.
Instantly, he turned. As he walked by her, “Milk please yes,” he said.

Ben called at 4:00. He wouldn’t be able to take Tommy to his speech therapy. Willow wasn’t surprised. She had a feeling it was too good to be true. She tuned him out as he explained why he wouldn’t be able to make it. Something about a meeting. She was quiet while he spoke, as she was already figuring out the logistics of her afternoon. 
“I said I’m sorry,” he said, and she resurfaced from the maze in her mind.
“What? Oh, I know. Whatever. I’ll see you later.”
Ben hung up angrily which Willow found ironic. “Maisy, you don’t have to change for practice today. Daddy had an emergency at work come up so you’re going to go to speech therapy with me and Tommy.”
“Is Daddy ok?” she asked coming into the kitchen.
“Oh, yes, not that kind of emergency.”
“Can’t you call Tori’s mom? She could probably take me.”
“Who’s Tori?”
“A girl on my team. Mom, you know.”
Willow shook her head, realizing she didn’t know. She hadn’t been to a practice yet this year. That had always been Ben’s area. She found it suspect that the one day she asked him to go with Tommy, he wasn’t available. “Do you have Tori’s number?”
Maisy shook her head ‘no.’
“Do you know her last name?” Willow looked for the phone book underneath a pile of plastic bags that had piled up because her canvas bags were all sitting in the trunk of her car, where she promptly forgot their existence upon arriving at the store. The cashiers would always give her a dirty look when she said she had forgotten to bring bags, as if the balance of the environment were entirely in her hands, today. Willow hated the idea that someone thought she was too lazy to remember such a simple thing. Everyone had to do their part. Why couldn't Willow just pull her own weight, for the planet's sake? But the fact was that some days her brain was so scattered that she thought they really ought to throw a parade in celebration if she remembered to bring her own head into the store.
Maisy shook her head ‘no,’ again to the question of the girl’s last name. 
“Look, you’re just going to have to skip it today. I’m really sorry.”
“Why can’t Tommy skip his? And you could both come to my practice instead?”
“Honey, you know Tommy has to go.”
“I have a game coming up. I need to go too.”
“Do you know how much money I spend on these therapy sessions? I can’t just cancel a few minutes before.”
With this, Maisy turned on her heel and stomped over to get her backpack. “Let’s go,” she said, arms crossed in front of her, waiting by the front door.
Relieved that Maisy wasn’t going to push her any further, Willow called out the open back door to Tommy, who was jumping on the trampoline. She knew he wouldn’t get off without bribery and she found a bag of his favorite crackers in the pantry. When she went out to show him the crackers, she found him stripped naked.  Of course he was. Why was it that it took him two seconds to disrobe, but it was a fifteen minute ordeal to get him dressed again?
When they were settled in the car, Tommy ate a few crackers and then started to moan and rock.
Willow reached for the picture box and fumbled for it, finding it out of reach. “Maisy, will you show him the picture of the speech building?”
Maisy got the box out from under her seat and rifled through the laminated photos Willow had compiled in the last few years. “Grocery store, Daddy’s work, school, doctor, veterinarian, dentist,” she read.
Willow waited patiently while Tommy’s moaning escalated. It was probably a good thing that Maisy had gotten used to the noise and it didn’t seem to fluster her. But Willow’s frustration with Ben, and the fact that she always seemed to end up putting Tommy’s needs first, had left her feeling raw. 
“I can’t find it,” Maisy said.
“What?!”  Willow couldn’t hear over Tommy’s noise
“I CAN’T FIND IT!”
“Damn it!”  Willow’s yelling only escalated Tommy’s frustration, but she couldn’t help it.  She felt close to a meltdown herself.  She realized at that moment that she had forgotten to eat that day.  She suddenly felt very sick to her stomach and her hands started to shake a bit.
“Here it is.” Maisy said triumphantly. She held the picture of the three story building up for Tommy to see and Willow let out a huge sigh of relief. “We’re going to speech Tommy,” Maisy said. “Because your speech is more important than my basketball.”
Willow gave Maisy a “you’d better watch it,” glance in the rearview mirror. But as they drove, she bit her lip subconsciously, worried that Maisy had a point. Tommy’s speech wouldn’t improve from one day of therapy. He might even throw a crying fit and refuse to cooperate. The whole venture may be a complete waste of time. 
Tommy looked at the picture and instantly quieted. Willow turned on the radio for Maisy, who instantly began to sing along. They drove down the freeway, passing five more exits until the row of trees that signaled the exit toward speech therapy.
Again, Tommy started rocking and flapping his arms. But this time his vocalization was higher and happier. Thank goodness for Abby, his speech therapist, whom he adored.
“We’re going to see Abby,” Willow said, looking in the rearview mirror.
“Abby,” Tommy said, staring intently out the window.

The three of them held hands in the parking lot and took the stairs to the office. Tommy picked his nose as they walked slowly up the steps and then paused to spit over the railing to the floor below.
“Gross,” Maisy said.
Willow stood and stared, completely speechless for a moment.  What a typical naughty thing for a boy to do.  And here her son was doing it like a real little boy!  She felt a smile spreading across her face but quickly squelched it. “No, that wasn’t nice.” She wondered where he had learned it. 
Abby was waiting in the little room outside the therapy room. 
“Tommy!” she said. 
Tommy stepped toward her, lifting his knees into the air, his happy dance version of walking. 
“We’ll see you in a bit,” Abby said, leaving Maisy and Willow alone in the small room.
“May as well do your homework,” Willow pointed to Maisy’s backpack.
Maisy blew her bangs up in annoyance. “That’s why I brought it.”
“Watch it,” Willow warned. She had noticed more and more of a tone she didn’t like. Maisy was eight, going on, well, she was going on turning into a rude eye-rolling teenage character from one of those supposedly family friendly television shows she had been watching. 
Maisy shrugged and got out a math worksheet.
The door opened and a teenage girl and her father walked in. 
“Let’s just sit here,” the father said, leading his daughter to a chair opposite Willow. But the girl had no interest in sitting. She went to the ever present waiting room staple of a fish tank and traced the rising bubbles with her finger, making loud noises, as if she were talking to the fish. Willow watched her, envisioning Tommy at that age.
“Willow?”
Startled, Willow looked at the father and realized it was Dave.
“Oh, hi,” she said and felt heat rising in her face. “Uh, this is my daughter Maisy.”
“Lexi,” he said, nodding toward his daughter. 
“She’s beautiful,” Willow said, meaning it. She had noticed this about so many autistic children. So many of them seemed extraordinarily good looking. 
“She was sick and missed her last appointment, which is why we’re here today at a different time,” he said in explanation of why they hadn't seen each other here before. 
They sat in awkward silence for a few minutes.
“I’m really sorry about last night, I didn’t mean….” He said.
Willow shook her head and looked sideways at Maisy, who didn’t appear to be listening, but Willow knew better.
“Right.” He cleared his throat. 
“You ready Lexi?” a youngish man peeped his head through the door. Lexi didn’t turn, as she was still entranced by the bubbles. The man walked over to her and lightly touched her shoulder. Angrily, she shrugged away and in an attempt to get away from him, tripped and practically knocked him over.
Dave stood and stepped toward his daughter. “Everyone okay?  You like Tony,” he said. “Remember how much fun you had last time?”
“It’s ok,” Tony said. “I wanted to hang out here and look at the fish for awhile.”
“Bubbles,” Lexi said.
“Right. The bubbles are my favorite part. Where are they coming from?”
Lexi banged on the tank where the bubbles were originating. Those poor fish, Willow thought, knowing that Lexi’s lack of good muscle control wasn’t her fault.
“Yep. They’re coming from the back. Where are they coming from?”
“The back,” Lexi said. Suddenly, she stood up straight and went over to her father. She touched his watch. 
“Time for speech?” Tony asked.
Lexi headed through the therapy room door and the therapist ran after her.
“That was impressive,” Willow said.
Dave nodded. “Tony knows that Lexi needs to be in control of the situation. He let her decide when it was time for therapy.”
“And the way he snuck it in without her noticing. On her terms,” Willow said. “That was really great.”
“And he’s strong. Which comes in handy when she tries to hit, kick, bite, you know.” Dave held out the smooth skin on his wrist that had a bluish imprint of teeth marks. “She got me this morning.”
“Tommy hasn’t been very violent since his hyperbaric and antifungal treatments. But we had to quit hyperbaric when he started school. There just isn’t enough time.”
“Or money,” Dave said. 
“Mommy’s always complaining about money,” Maisy said, looking up from her work.
Before Willow could defend herself, Dave laughed it off. 
“Well,” he said, “there’s never enough.”
The door opened and Tommy walked in, Abby behind him, a hand on his shoulder. They had only been gone about ten minutes. 
“I think he has pink eye again,” she said.
Willow looked at Tommy and noticed his eye did look a little funky. 
“I’m sorry, but you know with all of that equipment, we just can’t.”
“Oh, no, I’m sorry. It must have just started. Get your stuff together Maisy,” Willow said, standing and ushering Tommy toward the door to the hallway. “I guess we’re off to the doctor.”
“Bye Tommy,” Abby said.
“Bye Tommy,” he said, waving to her. 
Willow smiled at Dave, secretly grateful to not be in the room with him any longer. It felt as if she were doing something wrong, just in talking to him. 
They took the elevator in hopes of reaching the doctor before closing time. She called the office from the parking lot and got the go ahead to bring him in right away. In “shopping” for doctors, one of Willow’s criteria had been a kind and compassionate front office person, which was surprisingly difficult to find.
“What about dinner? Can we have hamburgers?” Maisy asked as they were about to drive by her favorite hamburger place.
“Hamburgers it is!  Right after the doctor’s appointment,” Willow said. At this declaration, Maisy squealed in delight. Willow, usually trying to save a few dollars, almost never went out. But today she was tired and Maisy deserved a treat.  Willow was glad that she was so easily pleased. And they could get drive thru so Tommy wouldn't be upset about leaving the car and going into a strange place.
She waited for a group of teenagers to use the crosswalk. She noted their designer jeans and highlighted hair. All this time she had been worried about what she was going to do with Tommy when he was a teen. She shook her head when she saw a designer purse over the shoulder of a girl that couldn’t be more than fourteen. 
“Mom,” Maisy said. “I’ve been thinking.”
“Bout what?” 
“I think I’ll be Jasmine this year again for Halloween.”
“Oooh,” Willow said. “I think that’s a good idea. You looked so beautiful last year.”
“Plus,” Maisy said, “it’ll save us money.”
Willow felt like she should protest this. But it was true. It would save them money. And Halloween had snuck up on her this year. It would be next week already. It would also save her an errand or two, piecing together whatever costume that Maisy might request.
“You know when I was a kid, we just made costumes out of whatever we could find in the back of my parent’s closet,” she said.
“Why?”
“It was fun. And my parents were busy with other stuff. And that’s just how we did it then,” Willow said, looking for an answer that makes sense.
Willow remembered the time that she dressed up with high heels and her mother’s scarves. She didn’t know what she was supposed to be, but she remembered feeling glamorous. If Maisy tried to raid her closet for Halloween, all she would find would be worn out Nikes, faded t-shirts and pilly sweatshirts.
“I think Belle is a perfect idea honey,” she said as they pulled into the Doctor’s parking lot.
“Jasmine!”
Willow sighed. She felt like she hadn’t been present in the moment for so long. Rather, she felt like she was always chasing a moment, and not getting there on time. She realized they forgot to show Tommy the picture of the doctor’s office. They would have remembered if he had protested, but he knew exactly where they were, having been here so many times.

Ben walked through the door just after Willow and the kids got home. Again, Willow marveled at his timing. 
She set up Tommy with some crackers and his almond milk while Ben handed out the hamburgers. Tommy wasn't interested in their food, which in a way was a good thing, since he shouldn’t have the wheat or cheese anyway, not to mention the nitrates and hormones in the meat, so he ran into the adjoining room after a few of his crackers to swing on his special swing. As always, Willow felt the pang of guilt, wanting so much to be able to all sit down and eat a meal together. 
“Sorry I missed practice today,” Ben said to Maisy.
“Mom was going to take me. But we went to Tommy’s speech instead.”
“You couldn’t even find her a ride?” Ben asked. He took a huge bite and Willow reigned in the intense urge to smack him.
“You weren’t here,” she said, trying to remain calm. “I did what I had to do.”
Maisy went into the kitchen to refill her glass of water. 
“If you had been here, you might understand. But you weren’t.” Willow glared at him and mentally dared him to say more.
“Well,” he said carefully, “how was speech?”
Willow threw up her hands. “Didn’t happen. Had to take him to the doctor. And it isn’t even pink eye. Some random bacterial infection that he prescribed antibiotic drops for. Here we go again.” Getting drops into Tommy’s eyes was an impossible task.  Willow would need someone else there to help give him his morning and afternoon doses.
“Is your mom coming down?”
“She’s camping with Dad. They’ll be back later this week. Can your mom come?”
Ben dropped his burger on his plate and stared at her. “Let’s not get crazy here. You’ll end up waiting on her.”
“I know,” Willow said. She watched Maisy, happily chewing her hamburger. 
“Grandma will come home from camping,” she said. Maisy loved hanging out with Willow’s mother.
“I know she will. She’s just done so much already. I hate to ruin their vacation.”
“We really don’t have a choice,” Ben said.

Willow called her mother while Ben read to the kids. She ended up having to leave a message, and hoped they weren’t out of the service range.
“Can you have your brother come over to help with the drops tonight?” Willow asked Ben. She stood in the doorway, hating to interrupt his story, but feeling a sense of urgency. She hated the weeks that they had to give Tommy medicine of any kind. It took at least three adults to hold him down, sometimes up to four times a day.
“He’s out at the beach. Surfing trip.”
“I guess we could try Mr. Grant next door.” Willow looked at the clock and saw that it was just past 8:00. She would probably wake him up, but she didn’t really have much choice. Most nights she remembered to take him something for dinner, but tonight, she had forgotten. Rather than call, she took a left over side of onion rings and walked the path that connected their two houses. Tommy loved Mr. Grant, and when he managed  to get out the front door unattended, at least Willow always knew where to find him.
The weeds glowed in the moonlight and for a moment Willow felt as if she were in a black and white horror movie. The paint on his door was crumbling in spots. He used to joke they would have to take him out of there in a pine box, and Willow knew it was true. He couldn’t afford a retirement home anyway, as he was probably living on a reverse mortgage and what little social security he received every month.  
Softly, she knocked, not wanting to startle him. She could see him through the gauzy drapes. His feet were propped up on the coffee table, and he was watching television on a set that should be in a museum. He didn’t move when she knocked, and she knew that he was asleep. So she knocked louder and then stepped back from the door so he would be able to see her clearly through the peep hole.
She waited as she heard him shuffling about inside. When he opened the door, his glasses crooked above his smile. “Willow,” he said, crinkling up his eyes with delight.  He threw his hand back and welcomed her in.
“Hi there,” she said, handing him the onion rings. He took them gratefully, looking under the tin foil to inspect the contents. 
“I’ll save this for tomorrow,” he said. He turned to take it into the kitchen, where she knew he would return later tonight to eat it. He was small in that endearing way elderly people can be.
“I have a favor to ask,” Willow said. But before she could finish, he raised his hand.
“Say no more. Where is the little bugger?”
Willow explained about the antibiotic drops as they walked back next door. 
“You should just put lemon juice in it,” he said. “That clears everything up. Stings a bit though.”
They went into the kitchen, passing Maisy who was sneaking a cookie.
“First one,” Maisy said crossing her heart for emphasis, which meant it probably wasn’t her first one. 
“It’s a strong one,” Willow said, getting the medicine out of the pharmacy bag. “I hate to do it. Antibiotics throw off his whole system.”
“Where is he?” Mr. Grant spoke loudly and looked down the hallway. 
Tommy came running around the corner at the sound of his voice.
“There’s my boy,” he said, stooping to get a good look at Tommy’s eye. “Looks like a shiner to me.”
Maisy stood there looking worried and helpless as the three adults held her brother down on the couch. Tommy bit her dad and screamed, trying to thrash about as Willow tried to hold his eye open for Mr. Grant to squeeze the drops into.
“He’s scared,” Maisy said.
“He’ll be fine,” Willow said, even though she knows Maisy was right. Whenever they made Tommy do something against his will, he behaved like a caged animal, backed into a corner, scared, and fighting for his life.
“Got it,” Mr. Grant said triumphantly. “Good job. Now, why don’t you come see me after school tomorrow?”
“Oh, he won’t be able to go to school with his eye like this,” Ben said. “Can you come over before 7:00 so we can give him another dose before I go to work?”
“I’ll be back from my morning walk by then,” Mr. Grant said with a wink. Willow knew he hadn’t taken his morning walk for years.  
"Actually," Mr. Grant said, "since he can't go to school, maybe he could hang out with me. I have a special place I'd like to show him. You'll have to come too, of course," he said, waiting for Willow to respond. "We'd like your company, and we need a ride." He winked at Tommy, who still lay on the couch blinking and rubbing his eyes.
Willow mentally scanned her morning, which was free, save for some paperwork. 
"An hour," Mr. Grant said. "Maybe two." 
"We're in, aren't we Tommy?" Willow asked, pulling Tommy's hands away from his eyes, wondering what Mr. Grant had up his sleeve.

It was a beautiful morning and Willow curiously drove up the coast and turned onto a road at Mr. Grant's instructions that brought them up a grassy hill that overlooked the Pacific. "My friends are on vacation," he had explained during the ride. "And they have this ranch, mostly avocados, but a few llamas too. I know they wouldn't mind if we showed Tommy."
Willow didn't know how Tommy would do with the llamas. He had always been good with Goldilocks, but llamas may be a different story. She was worried they would frighten him, but was hopeful that they would have an enjoyable morning.
"Sophia is my personal favorite," Mr. Grant said as they got out of the car. Tommy waited for Willow to get him unbuckled, then he reached for Mr. Grant's hand and they walked ahead of her. She took her time on the gravel road, breathing the ocean air deeply, entranced by the view.
"How come I don't have friends who live in places like this?" she called after Mr. Grant, who turned and looked at her strangely. She guess it sounded rude, but seriously, this place was amazing. She was entranced by the size of the house, the rolling hills dotted with avocado trees, the spectacular view. "I bet you can see whale spouts from here," she said.
"Especially during the winter, when the grey whales are migrating," Mr. Grant said. "We'll have to come back."
They had come to the corral, and Tommy was pressed up against the fence, two llamas toward the back of a huge enclosure. "Just wait," Mr. Grant said. "They'll come to us."
Rarely did Willow see Tommy so still. "See, here comes Sophia," Mr. Grant said. "She's my favorite."
Sophia approached Tommy shyly, and he put his hand out, as if he were telling her to stop approaching. Sophia walked right up to his palm and pressed her forehead against it. Willow saw Tommy's feet starting to move, but he controlled them, and kept his hand on her forehead.
"She's beautiful," Willow whispered, and Sophia batted her long eyelashes. They stood there for a long moment and Willow turned toward the ocean when she felt tears prick her eyes. She couldn't remember the last time Tommy looked so content, so grounded and in the moment.
She walked a few paces toward the view to try to grab hold of her emotions.
"It's beautiful here," Mr. Grant said, catching up to her, turning to keep on eye on Tommy while she watched the ocean.
"Magical," Willow said. "I wish. I don't know," Willow said, swiping at her eyes and smiling at Mr. Grant apologetically.
"Let's come out here more often," Mr. Grant said.
"But the owners," Willow protested. "We can't just traipse in whenever we want."
"They won't mind," Mr. Grant said. "They're hardly ever here. You've seen the taxi pick me up?"
Willow had wondered where the taxi that picked Mr. Grant up almost weekly was going. She had assumed it was to a standing Dr.'s appointment.
"I come out here," he said. "Keep an eye on the place for my friends."
"You have some lucky friends," Willow said wistfully, "must be nice to use this as a second home. I wonder what their first home is like."
"You wouldn't believe it," Mr. Grant said with a sly wink. "You want to walk to the top of the hill?" he called to Tommy, who was still mumbling soothingly to Sophia.
"Stay," Tommy said. 
Willow and Mr. Grant nodded, both satisfied to take in the fresh air, the view, and Tommy's contentment.


“Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door.” Emily Dickinson



Party time

Willow made gluten free, casein free cookies to take to Tommy’s Halloween party at school. His immune system couldn’t handle the fake junk in the other cookies, so she took the platter that she made, from ingredients that cost too much and took too much time, and would probably go uneaten. Why didn't the other parents see how important diet is? But then, Willow couldn't even get Tommy to eat anything really. Now that she was almost in the classroom, she looked disdainfully down at the cookies that she had been proud of just last night. They were a useless attempt at some sort of control, the kind of control that Willow always seemed to be grasping for.
In front of her, walking up the handicapped access to the classroom, was a woman dragging her son up the walk
“Come on,” the woman said. “You like parties.” 
But he was strong, and stayed firmly rooted in place, knowing that something was different. 
“What am I going to do with you? We aren’t going home.”
She pulled again, and he fell to his knees, not willing to move his feet. Willow was relieved to see he didn’t go as far as to bash his face on the cement out of frustration. The woman tugged and pulled, trying to get her son to stand with the “typical” students who were now walking by and staring.  Willow could see tears forming in her eyes and she knew, from experience, that the poor woman would rather be anywhere else right now.  With every tug the boy got more and more upset.  
Willow went up to them.  “It’s okay.  Let him have a moment to calm down.  The decorations around school and the kids wearing costumes are probably very overwhelming.”  The woman stopped pulling and took a deep breath.  Some more kids and a teacher walked by and stared with an odd look on their face.  “It's ok,” Willow said.  The boy sat on the ground and looked around for about two minutes.  Then he must have come to some sort of conclusion that satisfied him, because he stood up. Willow softly spoke to him. 
“I’m here to see Tommy,” she said.  He looked at her when he heard Tommy’s name. “Can you help me find Tommy?”
He stood up and walked purposefully into the classroom. 
“How did you do that?” his mother asked.
Willow shrugged. “Children with autism aren’t that different than men. You can get them to do what you want by convincing them that it was their idea in the first place.”
The woman looked at her strangely and Willow smiled and walked past her into the classroom. She had always had a hard time connecting with the other parents. They seemed so complicated to her. And she must admit she had very strong views that many of them did not seem to share. She put the cookies on the table and left the tag on them that stated what they were. The sign may as well have read, “no taste, no fun.” She would always admit that she wasn’t the best cook in the world.  On the table her cookies were surrounded by brownies, sugar cookies with artificially colored orange frosting, and a bowl of candy. The only other mother who was worried about the children’s nutrition and not poisoning them with artificial chemicals, brought cubes of cheese. The casein in the cheese was just as bad for a lot of the kids, but at least she was trying. 
“Will you help us pass these out?” the teacher asked Willow, handing her the brownies.
Dutifully, Willow went around handing out the toxic brownies to the children. Tommy was one of the lower functioning children in the class. She wondered how many children would even be in this class if their parents would take the initiative and alter their children’s diets according to their specific allergies and needs. She’d be willing to bet that half of the kids could be helped greatly. Tommy couldn’t even talk before she changed his diet. He had improved dramatically and she shuddered to think what he would be like if she didn’t have his nutrition so finely tuned.
When she was a kid, she watched a movie about a kid that was sick. She can’t remember what was wrong with him, but the doctors told his parents he wouldn’t recover. But they wouldn’t give up, and they found an oil, Willow didn’t know what kind, that somehow helped him considerably. As a kid, she remembered thinking it was like the fountain of youth. Maybe there really was water out there that could make people stay young forever. And maybe there really was a way to unlock the parts of Tommy’s brain that didn’t seem to be working.
But what if Tommy’s brain was just the way it was, and nothing external would make any difference? What if all they could do was work with other parts of his brain to fill in the pieces in the part that wasn’t doing it's job.
And what if he had a special hidden talent? If he were a gifted artist, or a virtuoso on the piano, maybe his verbal non-communication would be easier to take. You can’t, the argument went, be an expert in everything. 
“Willow, are you ok?” a mom, whose name she couldn't recall, asked. Willow had been staring at the wall of drawings by the children. At first, she was looking for a hidden message, but then she had become lost in her own thoughts.
“Oh, hi. Yes, I’m fine. Brownie?” Willow held the plate out for the woman.
“No thank you. I’ve been watching what I eat. It’s harder and harder to keep my shape.” Willow looked at Ozzie, the woman’s son, and saw that he was perhaps thirty pounds overweight. He was also the only child still sitting at his desk and eating.
The woman caught Willow’s glance. “We’ve tried everything. We just can’t seem to keep him away from junk food.”
“You have to stop bringing it into the house. He’s six. He can’t drive himself to the store.” Willow was just stating a fact, and didn’t realize that the woman was offended until she turned on her heel and walked away.  I’ve really got to stop doing that, Willow thought to herself.
“Let’s read a story children,” Mr. Nielson, the teacher said loudly to be heard over the chaos.
Willow went over to Tommy’s desk where he was drawing letters. He had written his name and the word “tree” inside a coloring book picture of a tree. She knelt down beside him and put her hand lightly on his back. His face lit up. It was the first time that he had acknowledged her presence in the classroom today even though she knew he had seen her the first second she walked through the door.
“Letters!” he said, shoving a crayon into her hand.
A year ago, she never thought he would use any words. For him, to say this word so clearly, it felt more like Christmas than Halloween. She gave him a hug. “It’s story time. Let’s go over and sit.” 
“Sit,” Tommy said. And they went over to sit on the carpet in a half circle around the teacher. He sat down and watched as Olivia sat beside him and started to play with his hair, twirling a strand above his ear. He didn’t look at her, but didn’t bat her away either.
For the first five minutes of the teacher reading, the children fussed and talked and wiggled. But he persisted, his voice getting quieter rather than louder. And finally, most of the children settled down. There were several random shouts from the children appearing to have Tourett’s like symptoms, and Willow kept an eye on Tommy, the chaos of the class nothing new to her. Tommy remained quiet and still, even with Olivia now scratching his back. She wondered at the wells of patience he must have. She knew he didn't understand most of the words in the story, didn't grasp their meaning. But he knew that he was supposed to sit and be still, and so he did. 
Quick as a flash, a boy dressed as a ghost ran back to his mother who was standing beside Willow. He was a very small seven year old, and he grabbed the camera that she had just placed beside her on the desk. “Dylan, no,” she said, going after him.
But he beat her, hurdled over the half circle of children and turned to face them. “Say cheese!” he said, going around, flashing the camera in everyone’s face. The flashes bothered some of the kids, and they stood up and made agitated noises. Tommy, Willow noticed, bared his teeth in what was his version of a smile. The kid from the library that Dave had told them about, Willow thought, smiling to herself. 
“Okay,” the teacher said “Time to practice trick or treat?” Some kids jumped up and down at this. Other kids were mulling around, looking at the various treats still on their friends’ desks. Some were with their parents. Willow saw that Tommy was no longer on the floor, but doing his happy jogging dance in the corner of the room.
“First,” said the teacher, as animatedly as possible in hopes of catching someone’s attention, “you knock on the door.” He knocked on the white board. Like that isn’t confusing, Willow thought, knowing the kids were literal about everything. “Then you say, ‘trick-or-treat!’ And they put some candy in your bag. Then you go to the next house.”
Last year when Willow took the kids trick-or-treating Tommy didn’t understand why the owners of the first door they knocked on wouldn’t let him into their house. He didn’t want the candy, and in fact, put it back in their bowl. He then tried to elbow past them and into their house. When Willow pulled him back, he screamed and protested, and Ben went along with Maisy while Willow dragged a screaming Tommy home. 
“So we’re going to practice! Let’s all get in a line and play trick-or-treat.”
The children followed their teacher, excited by the prospect of candy. Tommy remained in the corner and Willow went over to him and reached over with her hand. He looked up at her, and grabbed her hand. “Let’s go see what they’re up to,” she said. They went over to the line where the other children waited. There was an aide who was waiting in the closet with a bowl of candy. One by one, the children knocked on the closet door, looking very confused, and the aide opened it, exclaimed at the brilliance of their costume, and doled out candy.
“Pody,” Tommy says.
“You have to go pody?” Willow asked, not sure if he was just wanting an excuse to leave the room, or if he really had to go.
“Are you sure?” he asked. This is the question she always asked him. He didn't care who said it, but knew it was the next line in their conversation.
Willow could tell by the look on his face that he really did have to go. All of the aides had their hands full with the party, so Willow motioned to the teacher that she was taking Tommy to the bathroom.  Mr. Nielson waved back in acknowledgment.  Willow had a fleeting thought about how easily they had just communicated, with just a few simple gestures. How easy it was for her, and she was struck by the fact that Tommy's brain would never be privy to the simple art of body language. 

“Happy Halloween!” Willow's mom opened the door for her as she slipped the key in, returning home with both of the children.
“Hi mom! You’re back. Did you have a good time? Goldilocks, calm down.”
Jane laughed, patted the dog on the head, as he went back and forth between Willow and Jane, as if to say, “do you understand the gravity of this? Mother and daughter, reunited after a week's separation.”
“Maisy Daisy,” she said, holding out her arms for a hug. Maisy, thrilled, ran and jumped on her, almost pitching her backward. Tommy, more tentative, walked shyly around his grandmother, as if sizing her up. Jane knew enough to let him come to her. Finally, he approached her from the side, lightly touching her sleeve.
“Hi Tommy! Did you know that we went to the mountains? And saw trees?”
“Trees,” Tommy said, smiling at her.
“And birds, and fish. We even saw a bear.
“A bear,” Maisy said softly. “What was it doing?”
“Eating dandelions by the creek,” Jane said. She stood and looked at Willow. “How are you?” She gave her daughter a hug. “I’ve made tea. Would you like some?”
Willow loved that her mother felt so at home in Willow’s home. “Perfect,” she said. “Where’s Dad?”
Jane bustled around in the kitchen. “Oh, he wanted to unpack, you know how he is. But he wanted to give you this.” Jane poured the tea, set a cup in front of Willow and went over to her purse. Willow knew what was coming. When her father didn't know how to help, or what to do, he sent a check. Willow used to be upset by this, but then she realized that he did come when he could. And when he couldn't, he helped in the way he was able to. And with the bills ever constant as they were, she was extremely grateful.
“Thanks Mom,” she said, accepting the check, which she quickly noted was written for $1500. “I’ll put it towards his speech and occupational therapy for the next two weeks.”
“Oh, don’t thank me.  Your dad wants Tommy to have what he needs,” her mom waved her off and sits across from her.
“It’s your money too.”
Jane smiled and shook her head. She had always been an artist who was happiest around people. Learning from them, teaching them, and just being. Her artwork was displayed prominently all over Willow’s house. Most of them were oils and watercolors that depicted various houses. All of them were different, all of them inviting in their own way. Willow liked the idea of this, was drawn to the fact that there wasn't just one idea of home. That home was what you made it.
“What are you going to be Maisy?” Jane asked as Maisy unloaded the contents of her party spoils onto the table.
“Jasmine,” she said seriously as she counted her candy.
“And you Tommy?” Jane called into the living room where Tommy was swinging.
“He’s going to be Aladin,” Maisy answered for him.
“Really?” Willow asked. “And have you told him yet?”
“He just has to be handsome and kind,” Jane said, winking at Maisy.
“And we’ll put my stuffed monkey on his shoulder,” Maisy said.
“Of course,” Willow said. “If he let’s us do that, the evening should be a breeze.”

As it turned out, Tommy was throwing up by 6:00pm. Willow noticed that the vomit was orange, and she knew he must have snuck some contraband cookies at the party. Ben was late getting home from work, so Willow asked her mother to go out with Maisy.
“Why don’t you go?” Jane asked. “I’d be happy to stay here.”
Willow decided she would like nothing better than to walk in the cool air through the neighborhood with her daughter.
“You sure?” she asked, rubbing Tommy’s back is he sat, slobbering orange saliva next to the toilet.  He never threw up in the toilet and Willow thought this was because he didn't want to get it all dirty.  But apparently next to it was okay.
“We’ll be fine. In fact, as soon as he gets that junk out of his system, I’ll bet we have more fun than you.”  Yeah, Willow thought, cleaning up vomit sounds like a ton of fun. 
On their way out the door, they ran into Ben, who was just getting out of his car.
“Jasmine? Is that you? Have you seen my daughter?” he asked Maisy.
“Daddy,” Maisy giggled. “This is your daughter,” she said, puffing out her chest and pointing to herself.
Willow was jealous that it was so easy for him to make her laugh. “Want to go with us?” she asked. “Mom’s with Tommy.”
He threw his briefcase back in the car rather than disturbing Tommy and his Grandma Jane, and hand in hand, they walked down the sidewalk.
Willow felt a sense of betrayal as they roamed the neighborhood without Tommy. She knew he was better off at home and wouldn’t like trick-or-treating anyway. But with Maisy, they just waited at the sidewalk while she ran up to the houses to gather candy. She wasn't even scared by the talking skeletons and the strange stench of dry ice with its haunting mist. 
Willow experienced a flicker of self-doubt as she wondered if she didn't need Tommy as much as he needed her. She caught herself, stopped her mind from running in circles as she and Ben trailed Maisy to the next house. She had days when she wished for nothing more than Tommy to not have autism. Some days, the ones when her back ached and she couldn't remember the last time she had a minute to sit down, or eat, she wished it for herself, and Tommy. But most days, she wished Tommy didn’t have autism just so he could join in with the other kids. Just so he could experience life in the same way that the other kids did. 
Her mother was always telling her not to think so much. “There are no guarantees in this life. Except that it won’t be easy. I don’t know why your generation thinks things are supposed to be so easy.” 
And Willow was fortified by the validity of this mantra. It certainly wasn't easy, she thought. Not for Tommy, or Maisy. Not for her and Ben. Not for her parents. But wouldn’t it be easier if they had never heard of autism? Maybe, she thought. Or maybe it would be something else then. Maybe it just was what it was. And Willow knew that this was what she always came back to. She just had to do the best that she could, during every given moment, and accept the fact that it just was what it was.
For the first few years after Tommy was born, she blamed herself. Maybe it was that time she got so sick when she was pregnant and had to take antibiotics. Or maybe it was Ben’s fault that he always used to drink that horrible diet soda, and maybe his sperm wasn’t in tip top shape. The vaccines, the pesticides in the food, the smog in the air. The fact that both she and Ben used the left side of their brain more than the right. And that got multiplied exponentially in Tommy, the genes exaggerated by their sameness. 
Eventually, she had to change what she could and let the rest go. She didn’t use harsh chemicals in the house, bought organic when she could. She had the doctor separate the vaccines for Maisy so her system wasn’t bombarded all on the same day. And Tommy, of course, couldn’t handle any at all now, his immune system being so low.
“I ran into Paul today,” Ben said. “He asked about Jennifer.”
Willow let out a snicker. “But not the kids. He didn’t ask about the kids.”
Ben shook his head. “I can’t imagine having two children with autism.”
They watched Maisy run up to the next house and ring the doorbell. 
“I’m sure it isn’t Jennifer’s idea of a good time either,” Willow said. “I’d kill you if you just left. Give me a break. Too hard to handle.”
“Some people just aren’t cut out for it I guess.”
“They are,” Willow said, “when they don’t have a choice. Think about Jennifer. I mean, I have you, and Mom and Dad. And even Maisy. I have a whole support system.”
“Jennifer has you,” Ben said. 
“You’re right. I’m a terrible friend.”
“That isn’t what I meant.”
Willow sighed and stuffed her hands in her pockets. 
“Honey, come on. There’s only so much you can do,” he said.
Willow knew he was right, but it didn't take away the ache in her chest. “We should go home soon and make sure Tommy is doing ok.”
“Just a little bit longer?” Maisy hopped down the stairs. Her plastic pumpkin bucket was half full of candy. “Want one?” she held a chocolate eyeball up for Willow.
“Those were probably made in China and are full of melamine,” Willow said, taking the eyeball and putting it in her pocket to throw away later. 
Maisy’s face fell in disappointment and before Willow could recover the situation, Ben stepped in. “How about a candy bar? What do you have in the way of caramel and chocolate?” He dug through her bucket. “Oh, there isn’t nearly enough to choose from yet. We’d better keep going.”
“I’m sorry,” Willow said, reaching for Ben’s hand as they continued down the street. 
He turned to her. “You are going to drive yourself crazy worrying so much.”
“I know,” she said. She kicked a dry maple leaf and watched it scuttle down the sidewalk. “But if I didn’t worry, who would?”
Ben let go of her hand and put his arm around her shoulder. “Let’s practice. Just for the next fifteen minutes. Just let go of that weight you’ve been carrying around and enjoy this moment.”
She took a deep breath and tried to center herself. “I love that smell. Have I ever told you that?”
Ben sniffed the air. “Fall?” he guessed.
She shook her head. “The smell of lit jack-o-lanterns. When the flame scorches the inside.” Together, they inhaled the scent wafting off the porches.
“I don’t get it,” Ben said. “Smells burnt to me.”
“I want some pumpkin pie,” Willow said, surprising herself. She usually only ate pie at Thanksgiving. 
“You want me to go pick one up?” Ben asked.
“No. I don’t want one that much.”
“We could make one,” Maisy said hopefully. Willow found it amusing how Maisy just assumed they always had the ingredients for any given recipe just sitting in their pantry. 
“You ready to go home?” Willow asked. She could see that Maisy has slowed down a bit. 
“I guess,” Maisy said, her shoulders drooping in dramatic disappointment. 
“Let’s go categorize your candy,” Ben said.
“Yeah,” said Maisy. “Tommy always likes to do that. He can help.”

With the kids in bed and Ben catching up on work in the home office, Willow and her mother puttered around the kitchen and then sat at the table with full mugs of chamomile tea.
“You look really tired,” Jane said, patting Willow’s hand.
“Thank you.” Willow took a gulp of tea, burning the roof of her mouth in the process.  Tomorrow she knew she would play with the burned loose skin with her tongue until in a moment of irritation she would pull it off, the quick burn and then the raw pain. 
“You need some more ‘you’ time,” Jane said. “I’ll come down more often and watch the kids so you can have lunch with a friend, or take a nap.”
Willow shook her head and sighed. Her mother did so much already. She couldn’t bear to ask for anything else. And there was the fear that if she slowed down, stopped running for just one second, her entire world would fall apart. After Maisy was born, she used to relish the quiet afternoons. She would read or talk on the phone when Maisy napped. But for the last six years, she had the fear that if she stopped and put her feet up, and let her guard down, she would never recover. She didn't think she would have the strength to keep going. It was the momentum of her pace that kept her propped up and moving forward.
“You can’t keep it up,” Jane said. “I worry about you. You’re my daughter you know.”
Willow nodded, not trusting her words to come out coherently. Besides, she didn't know what to say. 
“We’re all in this together,” Jane said. “No one asked for this for Tommy. And you don’t have to do it all by yourself.”
Willow let out a sigh. “Tell that to Ben.”
Jane raised her eyebrows and waited.
“No,” Willow changed her mind, and shook it again as if to clear it. “He is really trying now. There is something different.”
“I think he may just now be coming out of shock,” Jane said. “It takes men a while to process things.”
Willow studied her mother to see if she was joking. To be in shock for six years seemed a bit much. But Jane sat, warming her hands on her mug, looking Willow in the eye earnestly. “I guess it doesn’t even matter what the excuse is,” Willow said. “He’s stepping up now. And that’s what matters.”
Jane smiled. “I’ll make up the guest bed. Why don’t you go see to your husband.”
“Mom! Gross. Please don’t talk like that.”
“You’re right,” Jane said. “You’ve been doing everything for so long. Why don’t you let your husband see to you?”
Willow busied herself at the dishwasher, her back toward her mother. She had never been comfortable talking about these things with her mother, which was ironic, being that her mother had always been so open. Maybe that was why. If Willow wanted to talk about sex with her mother, universal laws would state that Jane would be uptight and unwilling to talk about such things. As a mother herself, Willow was grateful for this woman in her kitchen. The woman that not only gave her life, but had been with her every step of the way.
Quickly, as an inadequate way of thanks, Willow helped Jane make up her bed. She kissed her mother on the cheek and handed her a fresh towel before turning to leave.
“I love you mom,” she called after she had already left the room. She knew that if she stayed, looked her mother in her eyes when she said it, she would break down into an emotional mess, the likes of which would take far too much energy.

Willow surprised Ben by waking him in the middle of the night. She couldn't remember the last time she initiated anything in the bedroom. But she remembered what her mother said, about taking time for herself, and once she had Ben awake, in every way, she leaned back and let him do the work, which he seemed more than happy to do.
Later, she was jealous of her snoring husband. Jealous that he could sleep while she was awake in the early morning hours. A Barney song from the toddler years kept running through her head. Something about being nervous and excited. And scared. When Willow was in high school, her English teacher had told them that the songs they couldn’t get out of their heads had a special meaning for their current emotional state. 
And Willow was nervous, and scared. Ever since Tommy was born, she has been concerned about what his future would hold. All of the obvious projections, like college and marriage probably won’t work out for him. She was scared for him, and where his place in this world was. But the word ‘excited’ was in the song too. What could that mean? Willow smiled and nestled into her husband's back. She was excited, she knew, to feel like she had a partner again. But she was also afraid that he would slip back into his old walled-off ways. 
“Ben,” she whispered. 
He turned over, and remembering their early activities, moaned and pulled her close.
“Wake up,” she said.
“What?” He rubbed his eyes and pulled himself up. “Is everything ok?”
“We need to go watch the sunrise.”
“You’re kidding.”
“No.” Willow jumped out of bed and pulled him up too. He protested, but followed her down the hallway and out the front door to stand in the driveway.
“There it is,” he said. “Now can we go back to bed? It’s Saturday.”
“I need you,” she said, turning to look at him.
“Ok. Ok. We’ll watch the sunrise.”
“No. I need you with me. Together. Like we used to be before.”
Ben put his arm around her and kissed the top of her head. 
“I’ve been working really hard,” Willow said, her chin starting to tremble. “To make our home as safe a place as it can be.”
“I know it hasn’t been easy,” he said.
“No, you don’t know. Because you haven’t been here. Not really. But now that you are,” she said, looking up and touching his face. “I will kill you if you ever desert me like that again.”
Ben laughed. “You would do that wouldn’t you?”
Willow wiped her eyes with the sleeve of her t-shirt and buried her head into his chest. “I’ve been working so hard to keep us all together,” she said.
“I told you I won’t be going anywhere.”
“But I don’t want you to feel stuck. I want you to want to stay.”
“I’m here. Really here now Willow. I know I’ve been a little MIA lately. I’m sorry.”
Rather than call him out on the understatement of the year, Willow decided to be nice, not ruin a potentially good conversation. “We need you.” She looked at the sun as it broke over the crest of the hills. 
“Look,” Ben said, “A new day.” 
“Yeah, we’ll see about that.”
“What can I do to be better?”
“Well, you can start by not asking me stupid questions,” Willow said. “You know what needs to be done. You need to step up and do it.” She thought about going back inside without him. Or she could just go for a walk, maybe not come back all day. Then he wouldn’t have to ask questions like ‘what can I do better?’”
“Come sit,” Ben said, pulling her toward the bench under the oak tree in their front yard. “I’m not promising a change overnight. But I really will try.”
Willow crossed her arms protectively across her chest. She shouldn’t have gotten her hopes up in the first place. But she had seen glimpses of the Ben that used to be there for her. The Ben that called her on his lunch break just to hear her voice. The Ben that blew off Saturday basketball with his buddies so he could take her to a romantic movie she had wanted to see. 
“Why are you upset now? We had a great night, the best night I’ve had in a really long time,” he said
“Are you trying to make me feel guilty about us not having sex often enough? Don’t change the subject. This isn’t about me.”
“You’re right,” he said. “It’s about us. I know you gave up on me a long time ago. And you don’t know how much that hurts. Yes, I shut down. But now I’m going to try to be better.” 
“I don’t want you to try. I want you to just do it. The way I’ve been doing it for the last six years. By myself.” Willow shook her head and watched a squirrel warm himself, feet splayed, belly flat on a low lying branch. “What happens if tomorrow it’s just business as usual? That will really break my heart. I don’t know how much longer I can go on like this.”
“It will be better. I promise.”
“What happens if it isn’t?”
Ben threw his hands up and slapped them down on his legs in frustration. “How about a signal? You know, how you and Maisy have worked out? When she doesn’t want to stay with one of her friends but she doesn’t want them to know? What does she say?”
“Pretty please with a cherry on top,” Willow said. “And then I tell her she absolutely can not and I make up an excuse.”
“Right, that’s it. We need a code. Something you can say in front of anyone and only I’ll know that you need me to step up.”
“Or I could just call you an asshole,” Willow said, a smile playing on her lips.
“How about ‘did you see the sunrise this morning?’”
“Cheesy.”
“Fine. What’s your suggestion?”
“You give up so easily! How about, ‘did you work out today?’”
“Yeah, but I don’t work out. You know that.”
Willow nods and stands up to go inside. She calls back over her shoulder. “Oh, you’ll get your workout in from now on. Every day. Don’t you worry.” She opened the door and waited for him to join her. “Your first workout will consist of making something yummy for breakfast. Tommy ate a gluten free waffle yesterday. Which means he might just try one today. Why don’t we try for a family breakfast this morning? I even have real maple syrup.”
Ben made a face at this. 
“If you’re frowning about making breakfast….”
“Oh, no,” he said, striding into the kitchen and opening the cupboard to look for the waffle maker. He turned back to her and flexed his not too shabby bicep. “I’m getting my workout in.”
“Good,” Willow said. She didn't tell him that there were frozen waffles in the freezer. She didn't want to ruin a good thing.



Same world

Tommy swung on his swing in the living room off of the kitchen while Maisy did her homework at the table and Willow threw dinner together. She had thought she had tortillas and was going to make bean burritos. But now, with the moldy tortillas in the trash, and the beans bubbling in a pot on the stove, she asked Maisy what she wanted for dinner.
Maisy shrugged, looking up from her coloring. “I don’t know. I thought you were making burritos.”
“I was, but we don’t have any tortillas.” Willow sighed, more loudly, she knew, than the situation called for. She could hear Tommy humming happily on his swing and she poked her head around the corner to see him.
“Hi handsome,” she said. He didn't look at her, but she knew he heard her. “Any ideas?” she asked Maisy as she looked over her shoulder at her picture. 
“Mom. Geez. It doesn’t matter.”
“What are you drawing?”
“A picture about respect. See? It’s me, outside with a little bird. It fell out of its nest so I’m putting it back.”
“It’s really good hon. Is that a blue jay?” Willow asked, pointing to the bird.
“A scrub jay. We don’t have blue jays this far south. See, no top notch.”
“Hmmm.” Willow said. She studied the picture. Below Maisy’s arm, she read the sentences Maisy had written in her large letters. “I have respect for the mommy bird who misses her baby. I have respect for nature.”
Willow didn't have the heart to tell Maisy that it was probably the mommy bird that kicked the baby bird out of the nest because something was wrong with it. It was just a drawing after all.
“I need red for the apple tree,” Maisy said. “Where is my red crayon?”
Willow knew where it was. She had caught Tommy eating it earlier. “Can’t you just make the apples green?”
“No,” Maisy said, coloring the leaves.
“Why not?” Willow was back in the kitchen now, opening cupboards and looking in the refrigerator for inspiration. 
“Because the apples are supposed to be red.”
“How about grilled cheese sandwiches with that new no dairy, no soy cheese?”
Maisy looked at her, cocking her head, ready to say something sassy about the horrible sounding cheese, but Willow cut her off with a glare. Maisy nodded her head in defeat and went back to her drawing. Her tongue was poking out of her mouth in concentration as she lightly colored the apples with a purple crayon. “Good idea,” Willow said. “I always liked purple apples.” She went to get the bread out of the cupboard and found an empty bag in its place. She remembered making Maisy’s turkey sandwich this morning with the heel. She also remembered making a mental note to go to the store today. But life had gotten in the way. 
She picked up the phone and called Ben on his cell. 
“Everything ok?” he asked when he answered.
“Yeah, I just…”
“Can I call you back? I’m in a meeting.”
Willow hung up, knowing he wouldn't call for another hour or two, probably when he was on his way home.
“Maisy? We’re going to the store.”
“But it’s almost dark. We never go when it’s dark,” Maisy said.
“That’s true. But it’s time to break tradition. Besides, we need more crayons, right?”
Maisy smiled before running down the hall to find her shoes. Willow slung her purse over her shoulder and put some food into the dog bowl for Goldilocks.  She remembered to turn the stove top off, which, she acknowledged to herself, was somewhat of a miracle. “Tommy,” she called, “In two minutes we are going in the car to the grocery store.”  She went to the swing and stopped it, but before he could protest, she handed him the picture of the grocery store. Fortunately, he repeated, “grocery store”, which meant he agreed to go.  Willow made herself breathe deeply when she realized she had been holding her breath and clenching her jaw muscle in anxiety about the tantrum that may have ensued. Crisis averted, for the moment at least, she was grateful for the moment of peace. 
“Shoes please,” she said, pointing to where they sat by the door. She watched as he put his shoes on the wrong feet, pressing the Velcro closed with deliberation.
“Good job,” she said, quickly switching the shoes onto the right feet. The doctors told her he had no mental retardation, and she knew this to be true. But because he had such difficulty listening and only used about fifty words, she found herself praising him for things that she would never praise Maisy for. It was like when she spoke more loudly to Mr. Grant, when he was losing his sight, not his hearing. 
“Ready Mom?” Maisy asked, opening the door and bolting out to the driveway. Tommy followed her, flapping his arms and running after her in his hopping way. 
The leaves that were still on the maple and birch trees on her street were just now starting to turn and they almost glowed in the changing light. Willow looked around at her sleepy neighborhood and wondered why she didn't go out more often at this time. She knew the answer of course, routine got in the way. Tommy’s therapists came over, Maisy had homework or friends over, she was always mulling over bills and how to pay for them all, and then before they knew it, it is dark. .
At first, when she and Ben were newlyweds, they would go out to dinner once or twice a week. Or at least get take out. When the kids were born, and with Tommy’s medical expenses, not having dinner out was a small sacrifice. But she missed the little blips of breaks in her routine, and even more, she missed the idea of someone taking care of her. Someone picking up food, or asking her how she felt.  But then, when was the last time she asked Ben how he was doing? She shook her head in disgust. She wanted her marriage to be like a tropical oasis, rather than the arid desert it had become. But where was she supposed to find the energy to begin working on it?   She sighed out loud as she braked at the stop sign. Maybe her parents could watch the kids once a month so she and Ben could reconnect. She hated to ask even more of her parents though. 
They pulled up to the grocery store and Tommy was mesmerized by the sign, huge, glowing red letters. Maisy picked a cart and the three of them went into the store, joining the "just off of work" crowd. The fluorescent ceiling lights usually bothered Tommy. Willow didn't know if it was the bluish tinge they give off, their unsettling intermittent blinking, or the odd hum that most people didn't even notice. She knew it was the lights that bothered him because it was the common link between the mall, the library, some classrooms and the grocery store. She had found that she tended to get migraines from them, and she worried that he was experiencing physical pain from the lights.
“Let’s hurry,” she pleaded with them, hoping to get out of there before the lights set him off.
“Crayons, bread, tortillas,” she went over the list out loud. She picked up a frozen lasagna, thinking that it might come in handy next time she ran out of her staples. It was while Maisy was choosing between the pastel colored box of crayons and the standard box that Tommy started to moan. 
“Hurry up hon,” Willow encouraged her knowing their time was very limited. Maisy started to tap her foot, a direct reaction to feeling pressured to make a decision. Tommy’s moans were revving up into wails that Willow knew, by the time they got to the check out aisle would be screams. “Just get them both,” Willow said, taking them both and throwing them into the cart. 
“Sorry Mom,” Maisy said. “I just didn’t know which would be better.” She was shouting to be heard over Tommy, but she was used to it and so she continued. “The pastel one had sparkles, but the other one had the red.”
A well dressed woman was finishing up her purchase and chatting with the cashier. Willow smiled, ignoring Tommy’s screams. She knew that if she were to address him right now he would just throw himself on the floor.  Maisy helped her mother put the items on the conveyer belt while the woman stared at them. 
Then the woman turned back to the cashier and shook her head. Willow felt her blood pressure rising as all eyes turned to her.
Tommy screamed louder and Willow tried to keep him away from the gum and candy rack so he didn't tip it over. Willow watched as Maisy noticed the disapproving look that passed between the cashier and the customer.
“He has autism,” Maisy said. 
“I’m sorry,” the woman said, gathering her bags quickly so she could make her escape.
But Willow, against her better judgment, confronted her. “Sorry he has autism? Or sorry he disturbed your otherwise perfect evening?”  Willow asked, her arms crossed over her body as if they were protective armor.  
The woman frowned at Willow and walked haughtily away.
“That wasn’t fair,” the cashier said. 
“Life isn’t fair,” Maisy yelled over her brother’s screams. 
Willow burst out laughing but calmed when she saw the disapproving look on the cashier’s face. She didn't trust herself to speak and finished the transaction in silence. She finally thought she was free to leave after pressing enter on the credit card screen when the cashier asked her if they wanted to donate money to research for pancreatic cancer. Willow, again, not trusting herself not to say something horribly rude, just shook her head ‘no’ while stopping Tommy from putting one of the “free” pennies by the register into his mouth. 
“Sure,” Willow said, as they are walking away “one in a hundred and fifty people have pancreatic cancer.”
“Really?” Maisy asked. “Cause that’s the same amount as kids who have autism.”
“Sarcasm,” Willow said, knowing Maisy probably wouldn't get it, but it was nice to feel as if she had a partner in crime, someone who would be snarky with her. The double doors opened and the cool air instantly quieted Tommy. Willow didn’t realize she hadn’t fully exhaled until the air left her lungs in a rush of relief. 
“Home?” she asked. This word, she knew, Tommy wouldn't need a card for.  

Ben was watching the news on television by the time they got home.
“I was worried about you,” he said, greeting the kids with a hug while looking at Willow with concern.
“We were just at the grocery store.”
“But I couldn’t reach you. What if something had happened?”
Willow went into the kitchen and put the groceries away, throwing the crayons on the table. Ben took Willow’s cell phone from the counter and put it in her purse.
“I would have gone to the store for you,” he said. 
She shrugged. “I didn’t know. Anyway,” she said, changing her plans for dinner since Ben was home so early, “I wasn’t in the mood for grilled cheese.” She turned on the oven and put the lasagna in. Maisy groaned, her heart apparently set on grilled cheese. Willow glanced at the two packs of crayons and Maisy, catching her drift, got back to her homework without a word. Willow felt awful. She had been too hard on Maisy lately. "There's real cheese in the lasagna, not that crappy fake stuff," she said, giving Maisy a kiss on the top of her head as an apology. 
Ben took a bottle of wine from the rack and twisted the cork out with a tool Willow never was able to figure out. It slid down the sides of the cork and then you just twisted it out. Or you were supposed to, but she always ended up just pushing the cork into the bottle.
“How was work?” she asked him. Usually he just said “fine.” So before he had the chance to answer, she said, “really. I want to know.”
He raised his eyebrows in surprise and then sat across from her. And he told her about his day. It was the first time in months she had really listened to him. The tomato scent of the lasagna began to permeate the air as the wine warmed her blood. And she listened to her husband, sat beside her daughter, and watched her son. Someone looking in the window would see a picture perfect family. And she drifted off for a moment while Maisy and Ben chatted about Maisy's day. And she wondered about that expression, picture perfect. A picture was supposed to capture reality, so wasn't every picture perfect? But Willow knew that it didn't matter what people’s perception was anyway. It mattered what she thought, what her loved ones thought. And right now, her family was happy. And she had a moment, one like she had only had the privilege of having several times in her life. It was a moment when time seemed to stop and she was aware of every nuance in the room. The patter of dry leaves dancing on the sidewalk outside, the warmth that the oven was giving off, combined with the warmth of her daughter’s leg, pressed up against her own. The garnet color from her wine glass, reflecting like a jewel on the table, matched the color of the apples in Maisy’s drawing. The heavy breathing of the dog at her feet, the soothing rumble of her husband’s voice, mixed with the higher pitch of Tommy’s happy humming; all of it created a work of art for her senses. And she sat in absolute stillness, soaking it in, reveling in it, and letting it fill her up.



Holidays

Thanksgiving was the usual tug-of-war between Willow and Ben's families. Lucille, Ben's sister, kept sending increasingly frantic emails about whether or not they were coming. Willow thought it was Ben's place to respond, and of course he hadn't. This year, they had decided to celebrate with Willow's family, which in contrast to Ben's family's celebration would be a somewhat quiet affair. Willow, being an only child, was spoiled when she went home, and she was looking forward to it.  
Thanksgiving had always been Willow’s favorite holiday. With no presents to buy, and just a big meal and a cozy day inside with her family. And even though she didn't have siblings, she did have cousins, aunts and uncles who would drop by her parent's house with their children. Maisy always had a ball playing with all of them. And they all knew Tommy well enough that Willow could drop her guard, secure with the fact that he was safe and cared for.
“Your sister’s at it again,” Willow said. They were in bed, talking. They had done so much more talking ever since they had talked that morning while they were watching the sunrise. She didn't need to clarify what her sister-in-law is up to, Ben was well aware of her tactics. She pled for them to make the drive up to Modesto for Thanksgiving. At first she was all cheer and goodwill. But as Willow held fast to the promise that they would never spend Thanksgiving there again, she became bitter and spiteful. Eventually, the phone calls and e-mails ceased, more in a defiant wall of silence than a white flag.
“Ignore her,” Ben said. Ben seemed to have no problem ignoring her. Maybe that was because his sister didn't expect anything of him, and corresponded through Willow.
“I just keep thinking I should forgive her, maybe let it go.”
Ben turned sideways and propped his head up on his hand to look down at Willow who was staring at the ceiling. 
“We really need to get rid of that awful cottage cheese ceiling,” she said.
“Priorities,” Ben said. “Anyway, as far as forgiving, you could, it’s up to you.”
“But then you’ll end up with all of the guys watching football, and I’ll end up with the kids while your sister cooks. And I’ll have to be so vigilant. But at my house,” she said wistfully, turning to look at him, “I’ll actually be able to relax.”
“She won’t put lit candles up and down the stairs again,” Ben said, bringing up the the first near disaster. Lucille, her sister-in-law, had taken Tommy in her arms, right out of the car, while Ben, Maisy and Willow brought in bags and groceries. Willow had heard the scream while she was relieving herself in the bathroom off of the kitchen. She ran toward Tommy, who, no longer in Lucille's arms, like Willow had assumed, was sitting on the second stair, his hand in the air, blisters already forming on his palm, his mouth open in a howl while the tears poured down his chubby red cheeks.
“I mean who does that?” Willow asked. A question she asked often about her sister-in-law.
“My sister,” Ben answered, playing along with a sigh. 
“And the thing is,” Willow said, “I’m sure she won’t do that again. But it will be something else. Sharp knives left on the counter. Or the front door left wide open. She just doesn’t get it. Or remember the Christmas she left her cigarettes and lighter out on the table?" Willow practically had to dive toward Tommy knocking the cigarette out of his hand before he was about to put it into his mouth and eat it.  "Then your sister had the gall to act surprised that he had found the cigarettes and dumped them out all over the place and told me to clean up the mess he was making.”
Ben laughed out loud. "Your voice got all high there at the end, I think you should take a breath. We won't go there, ok? And it isn’t that she doesn’t get Tommy, and his autism. She doesn’t get kids in general. All she cares about is what’s important to her, smoking being at the top of the list.  Other people’s needs don’t really register with her.  It’s a miracle that she even remembers I exist.” 
“A miracle huh?” Willow climbed on top of him, her legs straddling his waist. 
“Hmmm,” he said, smiling up at her. “I like where this is going.”
“Will you deal with your sister? As in call her, on the phone, the real phone, and tell her they can come up for Christmas or something. We just won’t be going there this year.”
“Do I have to?”
“No.” She started to sidle off of him.
“I’ll do it,” he said, pulling her back to him. 

Willow was able to relax over the next week without the invisible pressure exuded her way from her sister-in-law. Apparently, the compromise was that Ben gave in and agreed to go over there for Christmas. Willow hoped that wouldn't happen.  But for now it was better than the ill will she swore she could feel through the air, and she could put off that argument for another three weeks at least. 
When they arrived at her parent’s house, just north of Santa Barbara, they were greeted by one of her parent’s new neighbors. She was holding a beautiful baby girl who looked to be about eleven months old. 
Jane called out a welcome from the kitchen, which already smelled like onions and celery that she was sautéing for the stuffing. 
“I’m just on my way out,” the woman, Izzie was her name, Willow remembered. “Lila and I were just saying 'Happy Thanksgiving' to your mother. She’s been so helpful with the baby.”
It hit Willow like a kick in the stomach that she wished she could live closer to her parents. But she smiled. “Lila has grown up so much!” she said. But she felt that sinking feeling in her stomach when she noted that Lila had been holding a car and turning the same wheel over and over intently, even when Willow said her name, purposefully loud.
Izzie and Lila popped out the front door and Ben went to find Bob, Willow’s father, who was most likely out in the garden. He had the kids with him so Willow could go catch up with her mother.
“Has Lila ever been tested for autism or anything?” Willow said after giving her mother a hug. Jane looked up from the frying pan and pushed her hair, which was already forming curls from the moist heat in the kitchen, out of her eyes.
“Why would you say that?” she asked, her eyes round with concern.
“The way she was playing with her toy. That’s what Tommy used to do.”
“Every little idiosyncrasy doesn’t mean a kid has autism.”
Willow shrugged and stole a carrot from the cutting board to munch on. “Just keep an eye on her. People can stay in denial, and they lose precious time.”
Jane turned from the stove and popped open a bottle of champagne. 
“It’s only two o’clock!” Willow protested as she reached for two glasses from the hutch next to her.
“Isn’t it decadent?” Jane asked, laughing. “Sit down and talk to me,” she instructed, passing her daughter a glass of bubbly.
So Willow sat, and put her feet up while the kitchen filled with the delicious aroma of Thanksgiving. And she talked of little things that only a mother could appreciate, and big things, that only a mother could understand. She heard the back door slam and Tommy singing "potty," and she kept an ear on him, able to judge from the tone of his humming if he was in need of assistance, or getting himself into trouble. When the humming stopped, she jumped up in a panic and ran down the hall to the bathroom.  He had used the potty and had decided to be a “big boy” and wash his own hands with lots and lots of soap.  Willow got there just in time to take the bottle of liquid soap out of his hands before he sipped some out of the dispenser like a straw.  He already had bubbles around his mouth and she was grateful her mother only used an organic soap instead of the antibacterial and chemical filled kind.  “No mouth, Tommy!”  Willow stated with authority.  “Soap is a No Mouth!” 
“Mouth,” whispered Tommy and ran out of the room.



Christmas Shopping

Willow tried to do a lot of her Christmas shopping online. It may have cost a bit more, but the convenience, clicking the "buy" button, at midnight while she sipped tea in her pajamas, was well worth any extra cost. This year, she thought she may get away without going to the mall all together, and she was quite pleased with her accomplishment.
"But I need to go to the mall," Maisy said, as Willow tidied the kitchen and was bragging to Ben about almost being done with her holiday shopping. Willow racked her brain for why Maisy needed to go to the mall. Had she forgotten something? She looked at Maisy, who had her eyebrows raised, her hands in the air, ready for conflict.
"Santa," she said indignantly. "Weren't you going to take me? We go every year."
Ben gave Willow the "you'll be a crappy mother if you don't" look, and Willow felt her day unravel around her as she bowed to the pressure. She knew better than to ask Ben to come along, he would protest, or worse, he would come along and add to the stress. "Go get your brother," Willow said. And then to Ben, as she took his half read newspaper and threw it in the recycling bin, "and since you're going to stay here, you can clean the garage like you've been promising to do for months. I'll be back in two hours, no more. Please," she begged, forcing him to look at her. "I'll get Sees candy for your family if you just promise to clean the garage."
He nodded, looking longingly at the recycling bin and his kidnapped newspaper. "Please," Willow said again. "And then that way when I get home, we could go to the park, enjoy the rest of the day together."
Ben grumbled something and headed in the direction of the garage. Willow, feeling bossy, and also quite satisfied, went to see Tommy, who was in the process of getting dressed while Maisy regaled him with Santa stories. But Tommy wasn't listening. He was trying to tell her about the Pocohantas book he had been reading.
"Pocahantas," he said. "Pocahontas," he repeated as he pulled his socks on. "Pocahontas," he said, more loudly as he trounced over his books that were scattered everywhere.
"I've got your shoes in the living room bud," Willow said.
"And you can ask for anything," Maisy said. "And he listens. Remember last year when I got that ant farm? What are you going to ask for?"
Tommy looked at her for a moment, as if he were going to answer her. Willow and Maisy waited expectantly. "Ocean," Tommy said, breezing by Willow in search of his shoes. Willow knew this was the next part of the story, when Captain John sees the boats on the ocean. He would probably repeat the word "ocean," thirty or forty times until it was time to move on to "boat."
On the way to the mall, Maisy and Willow encouraged Tommy's storytelling, mostly, Willow knew, to get him to stop repeating the word and move on to the next, if only for their sanity. 
By the time they were in line for Santa, he was jumping up and down and saying "waterfall." People were staring, but Willow didn't care. He wasn't hurting anyone, and he was happy. Finally, it was Maisy's turn, and Willow watched as she climbed up on Santa's lap. She felt a moment of sentimentality as she realized this might be the last year they did this, with Maisy growing up so quickly, and Tommy having no interest.
Willow tried to read Maisy's lips, hoping for a clue as to what she really wanted this year. She saw Maisy point Santa's attention in the direction of Tommy and she waited for Maisy to say, "I want you to make him better." But she didn't. What Willow could make out were the words, "happy," and "right now."
She saw Santa smile and talk in hushed tones to Maisy, his beard covering his lips too much to see what he might be saying. But she figured it was something like "isn't there a special toy you had in mind?" She saw Maisy shake her head, say "please," and then bound off his lap, leaving him looking a bit incredulous.
"He's going to try to make sure Tommy is always happy," she said. "I think he can do it." Willow gave Maisy's hand a squeeze. "Not everyone can be happy all of the time," she said. "Why not?" Maisy asked, her eyes round and threatening tears. Willow ushered the kids away from the line and moving with the flow of foot traffic toward the candy store. "Then I just wasted it. I should have asked for some stupid toy."
Willow walked along briskly, as if she could outrun the situation. "Toys aren't all stupid, and we'll just write Santa a letter. But about being happy. We can't be happy all of the time because then they wouldn't know when we were happy," she said. "It would all be gray. The same. You know?"
Tommy held her hand because Willow held onto him forcefully, the mall being extremely crowded. But he barely noticed, as he stimmed with his other arm and moved onto repeating the word "Love." 
"Is that why Tommy's sick? I mean, his brain isn't like ours?" Maisy asked, more loudly than Willow would have liked, as if the volume of her voice made the question more concrete. Willow didn't know what to say. "That's how we know we're healthy." Maisy said. "It doesn't seem fair."
Willow sighed, not sure she knew how she had gotten to this place. "No one is perfectly healthy, or perfectly happy. It just isn't possible." Willow squeezed Maisy's hand, hoping that was the end of the conversation. They rounded the corner and almost bumped into a line of people that she realized was coming out of the Sees store.
"Too bad Tommy can't have some chocolate. That isn't fair. Everyone likes chocolate, right Tommy?" Maisy asked as they took their place in line.
Willow realized with a sinking feeling what had been niggling at her all morning. Tommy had come to the place in the story where he would repeat the word, "die." Maybe they should leave, but the line was moving so quickly. And she didn't want to have to come back. 
Finally, they were in the store, and the scent of chocolate was intoxicating. She let go of Tommy's hand when he started to whine. "Just keep an eye on him for a second," she told Maisy, knowing Maisy could be counted on not to let him out of her sight. She watched as Maisy shadowed him around the room as he flapped and jumped and eventually, and she knew it had been coming, started to yell, "die." 
Willow turned to the person behind her, "would you mind holding my place?" and when the woman nodded, Willow stepped over to Tommy, who was looking at his reflection in the counter, and said, "and what happened after that?" She honestly couldn't remember if there was a word after that, as it usually was the logical end to any story. "Die," he said again, slipping away from her. He was getting louder in order to compete with the cheerful Christmas music.
Willow noticed a couple of concerned looking people, as if he were threatening them. "Die," he said, jumping past an elderly man and looking into the stroller of a sleeping baby. "I'm sorry," Willow said, but her words went unheard. Maisy was trying to pull Tommy toward the wall, away from the increasingly uncomfortable looking customers. Several of the women, Willow noticed, had false smiles plastered on their faces and were staring oddly off into space, as if it were possible to not look at the child who was dancing around and screaming "die."
"Next," called the harried looking employee behind the counter. And then the voice of an angel, who had been at least six people ahead of her. "Oh, this woman was next," said a young man in a cowboy hat. 
Willow almost fell to her knees in gratitude. He tipped his hat and said, "Merry Christmas," and Willow hurriedly placed her order, including a small box of caramels that she hadn't planned on.
Finally, with boxes in hand, Willow turned to find Tommy and Maisy waiting patiently as they looked out the window at people passing. "Go give this to that nice man with the hat," Willow said, handing the box to Maisy, and leading Tommy toward the door. But Maisy just looked at her as if she were crazy, and Willow started to point toward the counter, where the man must surely now be. But he was nowhere in sight. 
"Fire," Tommy said, having backtracked in the story. "Fire!" he yelled again.
"Nothing to worry about! Merry Christmas," Willow yelled above the din, grabbing the children's hands and leaving the stuffy room as quickly as she could.
It was a long walk back to the car, as Willow sternly told Tommy he couldn't repeat words like "fire," and "die," in public like that. 
Maisy tried to back her up, saying, "yeah, that scared people. You can't do that."
But Willow knew it was pointless, he didn't understand the gravity of the words. As she helped him get buckled in, she must have looked upset.
"Ok?" he asked her, putting his face close to hers. 
Willow was so tired. She wasn't ok. She didn't know if anything would ever be ok. 
"Ok?" Tommy shouted, his mouth just inches from her ear as she adjusted his seat. Willow centered herself, took a deep breath and kissed the top of his head. "Ok," she said softly. "Everything is ok."


“The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.” –Mark Twain


Friends
Willow couldn't believe it had been a month since she had gotten together with her “fun” group of friends. Caroline, Jennifer and Dave were already sitting down, an empty seat by Dave. She hesitated to look at him, but then was pleasantly surprised when she felt nothing when her eyes met his. She relaxed and slid in beside him, newly confident with her rekindled romance with her husband.
“You look amazing,” Jennifer said. “What’s different? I haven’t seen you forever. Did you get your teeth whitened?”
“Right, like I have time for that,” Willow said, using the menu as a shield while the three scrutinized her. She peered over the top at their curious faces. 
“What?” Caroline asked. Willow could tell from her excitement that she must be thinking that she found some new treatment for Tommy.
“No, it’s nothing. I mean, it is. Ben and I are doing really well. That’s all.”
“That is something,” Jennifer said. 
“That is definitely something,” Dave repeated. “I wish I could say the same for my marriage. But,” he said, “it’s hard to improve on something that has no foundation. We never even see each other any more.”
Willow glanced carefully at Dave, aware that she was afraid she had disappointed him. As if reading her mind, he shook his head no and said “good for you,” under his breath.
“At least you aren’t fighting all the time,” Caroline said. “All my husband and I do is yell at each other. Or ignore each other.” 
“Hang in there,” Willow said, and then, eager to change the subject, “do we have a winner?” She was referring to the bet they made last time they were together. Whoever dealt with the most shit, literal fecal matter, in the last month, got a free dinner. And whoever had the most encounters with idiots got free drinks.
Caroline said. “I might be a leg up on the poop, as I deal with diapers all day.”
“So do I,” Jennifer said. “And I have two kids. And they are much bigger and always need to stick their hands down their pants to see what’s there.  Very messy. So, Dave, what do you have?”
“Lexi had a bad day last week and had two accidents at school.”
“Nope,” Willow said. “Not fair, you can’t live vicariously through staff at your school. I, on the other hand, had Tommy poop in the Jacuzzi two days in a row.  I had to drain out all of the water and it took me forever to get all the little pieces of shit out of every nook and cranny.  Of course, I was doing this at 10pm at night, no moon, and it was freezing cold.  But that’s not all.  One of the times Tommy came in from the Jacuzzi he must have had pooh still on his hands because when I went in his room I could smell it everywhere.  He had wiped his hand all over his bed spread and must have flicked some on the wall and even behind his aquarium.”  A couple sitting at the table across from them could hear their conversation and had a look of horror on their faces.  “It took me forever to find all the little pieces and smears.  I was gagging and almost in tears with the horrible smell.”
“Stop! Fine!,” Jennifer said and they all laughed. “You win for the most detailed story. Order whatever you want.”  The other couple got up and left. 
“What about ignorant idiots and their stupid comments?” Dave asked while watching the couple leave, "although, in their defense, that really was disgusting, and this is a restaurant," he admonished them mockingly. The three women started talking at once, voices theatrically hushed. Stories of strangers, doctors, and children were regaled. Each with more drama and laughter than the next. They had earned this laughter, worked hard for it, and it bubbled up uncontrollably, almost hysterically at times. And when it was time to order, they were all flushed from margaritas and the adrenaline that came from laughing so hard that it hurt.  
Later, Jennifer and Willow lingered after Caroline and Dave had gone home. Their buzz was wearing off and the headaches from the unaccustomed tequila were already edging in. "You seem sad," Willow said, sensing that Jennifer didn't want to go home.
Jennifer shrugged it off. "Nothing new," she said. "I just don't see how it'll ever get better. Honestly, most days, I don't even see the point."
"They're getting so big," Willow said. Jennifer's children, were so much worse off than Tommy, and they were already young teens. One of them was in a wheelchair, and the other was almost always confined to bed, his muscle control almost nonexistent now from all of his medication. Willow wished this were a situation where a dietary fix, or some intensive therapy would make a big difference. But she knew it wasn't. She didn't know how Jennifer managed, and she didn't know what to say.
"Call me if you need me," Willow said. "If there is anything I can do."
Jennifer gave her a hug. "I know. There's nothing, really. I wish there were. Sometimes I think I need to find a place for them. But I can't afford a nice place. And I'd never be able to live with myself if it weren't a nice place. And I would miss them. They're my kids. I love them," she said, beginning to softly cry.
"Of course you do. We'll figure something out." 
Jennifer laughed bitterly. "We can't." She swiped her eyes and grabbed her purse. "I'm sorry. I'm fine. I'd better get back to the sitter."
Willow followed her out to their cars and they hugged again before parting ways. Willow sensed a new resolve in Jennifer as she went from crying to laughing it off. "I'll be fine, I'm just a little tired," she said as she got into her car. Willow nodded and waved goodbye, wondering how her friend did it, wishing there were something she could do to help.



Senses

It was unseasonably warm for a December day, and Willow turned off the heater in the Jacuzzi so it would be a pleasant temperature when Tommy got home from school. She caught up on bills, ordered some supplements online for Tommy, and made some phone calls to friends whom she was trying to keep, even though she didn't know if she really had the time. They said they understood, but she wondered. How could they really? No one really understood unless they were in the same situation. She wouldn't understand. She had no idea what parents of special needs kids went through before Tommy was in her life.
She did laundry while she is on the phone with an old college roommate, but had to click over when the call waiting beeped. Assuming it would be an issue with Tommy, as about once a week, it was, she was surprised to hear the nurse refer to Maisy. 
“It’s her arm. It may be broken. You’re going to have to take her in for x-rays,” the nurse said.
“I’ll be right there,” Willow said, “is she ok?”
“Well, like I said, I think her arm is broken.”
Willow clicked the off button on the phone, wishing it were the old fashioned rotary kind so she could slam it down. Why would such a bitch go into nursing? She pictured Maisy crying, the nurse doing nothing to console her. It just took a few minutes to get to the office and Willow walked right past the sign-in and went straight back to the nurses office. Maisy was sitting on the plastic pink cot, holding her arm close to her chest. 
“Let me see honey,” Willow said, moving quickly past the nurse who was eating lunch at her desk. Willow didn't know if it was the smell of the pastrami, or the way the woman was eating with such gusto, while her daughter sat quietly, tears streaming down her dirty face, that made her nauseous.
Maisy looked down and they both saw the bulge in her forearm that shouldn’t have been there. Willow recognized it as a fracture right away and worried that if Maisy moved in a certain way the bone would poke right through the skin. She tried to hide her concern as she carefully helped Maisy stand. “Let’s get you to the hospital,” she said. Maisy just nodded and slowly hobbled to the door, as if her legs had also been compromised. 
The nurse took time out of her busy sandwich eating to hold the door open for them.
“Thank you so much,” Willow said, hoping the sarcasm she infused into the sentence was only obvious to her.
Maisy turned to the nurse before she walked through the doorway, and before Willow realized what was happening, vomited all over the nurse's shoes. “Sorry,” Maisy said, wiping her mouth with her sleeve. 
Willow ushered her daughter out the door, pleased that karma, for once, had caught up with someone right in front of her eyes.

Willow called Ben from the emergency room to make sure he could get off work early enough to pick Tommy up from school. Maisy did have a fracture, as it turned out, and by the time they got home, the sun was already setting.
They heard splashing in the backyard and went through the side gate to find Ben sitting on the side of the Jacuzzi and Tommy submersed up to his neck, filling a cup full of water and then methodically dumping it. Each time it emptied, he filled it back up and then poured it out with a splash and a satisfied nod.
“How’re my girls?” Ben asked, getting down to greet Maisy, shooting a look of concern to Willow.
“It’s pink,” Maisy said, holding out her cast. “I couldn’t decide if I wanted pink or purple.”
Ben pondered it seriously. “You made the right choice,” he said. 
“Will you sign it?” she asked him. “You can be the first.”
‘Because he spent the last five hours with you in the emergency room,’ Willow thought, but she knew the thought was ugly and bitter and she pushed it aside before it had time to take root.
“I think we should all sign it,” Ben said, reading Willow’s mind. “Let’s get your brother dried off. I ordered  Chinese food that will be here any minute.”
Ben ushered Maisy into the house to get her settled on the couch and Willow went over to stand near Tommy, who was still in the Jacuzzi. He hadn't acknowledged her presence, but she knew that he felt her near. She smoothed his hair, tracing her fingers on the back of his neck. “Should we go get some dinner?” she asked. She knew he wouldn't eat the Chinese food, but he’d have some of his potato milk, maybe some popcorn. 
He didn't turn to look at her so she decided to join him. She had been doing more and more things that the outside world might consider odd, but they fit into her life, so she just went ahead and did them. She slid off her sandals and slipped into the Jacuzzi, Capri pants, t-shirt and all, and retrieved another cup that was floating nearby. She mirrored him, matching him move for move in filling up the cup and pouring it out. After several times, she realized it was a very calming procedure and she could feel the meditative qualities. The weight of the cup as it filled, the sound as the water splashed down, the pressure of the cup in her hand again as it filled. Consistent, calming, she repeated the process with him. After several times, she saw him look sideways at her and she felt their connection. 
“It’s starting to get cold,” she said after a while. The frogs were starting their evening chorus and she saw the white tail of a rabbit as it hopped across the lawn into some bushes. She touched his arm, running her hand quickly over the rising goose bumps. “Time to go inside,” she said, getting out. He continued his pouring routine and she called in for Ben to bring her a towel.
“In a minute,” he called through the open kitchen window. She stood there, shivering in her wet clothes, and wondered why she didn’t ask him to bring one for her. Ben opened the sliding door and laughed when he saw her. “Wet t-shirt contest I didn’t get invited to?” he asked.
“You wish,” Willow said, taking the towel, warm from the dryer, and holding it out for Tommy to see. “Come on out,” she said, knowing that he would recognize the phrase and understand its meaning.
He put the cup down and climbed out and down the step to stand dripping in front of her, his teeth just beginning to chatter. Quickly, she wrapped the towel around him tightly. She and Maisy called it a burrito wrap. When they were infants, she would swaddle them in the same way. Her mother had told her that infants feel like they are free falling when their arms are free to wave about. They were used to the constraints and warmth of the womb, she had said. Willow didn’t know if it was true, but she knew that Tommy still loved it, the feeling of being wrapped tightly. It gave him a sense of where he was, she thought. And when she got the last piece, tucked tightly up under his chin, he smiled at her. And it was not a grateful smile, or a happy smile. Rather, it was a smile of peace and contentment, and Willow felt privileged to bear witness.

Earlier that day, before the bills and the phone calls and the hospital room, Willow had had an acupuncture appointment. She had started going when she was in college and had chronic bronchial infections that antibiotics couldn’t touch. But the herbs and the acupuncture had offered relief. It was rare that she had time to go for a tune-up, as she liked to call them, but she had fit one in this morning, and was now filling Ben in on her experience as they watched Tommy do his happy dance in the living room.
“I think he forgot me there, I really do,” she said, her feet curled up underneath her on the couch. She had since showered and put sweats on. Maisy, exhausted from the excitement at the hospital, was asleep already. “I was stuck all over with about forty needles and I’m lying there wondering what would happen if there were an earthquake, thinking all of those needles would get tweaked and pushed into my skin as I ran half naked down the hallway.”
“You were half naked?” 
“Shush, no. Now listen. So, anyway, I’m not sure what exactly happened, but it was like an out of body experience.”
“Could you see yourself down below?” Ben asked. She wasn't sure if he was making fun of her or not.
“No. I just lost all sense of my physical body. It was wild. For about three minutes I just felt like pure energy. And like I wasn’t inside myself, but was part of my surroundings. And it was actually quite blissful. But then,” Willow said, “I panicked. All of a sudden, I just needed to feel my body. I mean, I couldn’t even tell where my hands were. I couldn’t feel them. And I had to move them in order to feel them. So I sat up, to kind of, you know, snap back into my body.”
“Did it work?” Ben asked.
“Yeah.” Willow said, taking a sip of her tea. “And it hurt, I mean, beyond the needles that were moved a bit when I sat up, my aching back came back to me, my arthritic toe, it was all back. And I wondered what had been so unnerving about not being able to feel it. But, there it was.”
“And you think that’s why he does that?” Ben asked nodding in Tommy’s direction. He was on the swing they kept in the living room, wooshing back and forth while he methodically tapped both hands on the ropes that held it up.
“Yes,” Willow said, pleased that Ben put it together. “I think he is in constant motion so he can feel where he is. So he can feel grounded.”
“When I was a kid,” Ben said, “I used to go out to the field next to my house to fly kites with my Dad.”
Willow nodded, waiting to see what this had to do with anything.
“And my Dad loved it. He loved getting the kite up in the air, the wind in his face, the tug on his arm. And then he would hand it to me. But it made me feel awful.”
“What did? Did you lose it or something?”
Ben shook his head. “But the thought of it, the thought that I was the only connection between the kite and the earth: that if I let go, the kite would be free, and would float away. I don’t know why, but it made me so scared. Not just about losing the kite. But it was as if I let go of the kite that I would also float away. That we somehow were reliant on each other, and that our place on the planet was so fragile, so tentative.”
Willow nodded, reached out and puts her hand on Ben’s knee. Tommy was off of the swing now, humming, and doing his happy dance. “That is how he stays here,” she said. “Don’t you think? The way he stays in his body, on the earth?”
Ben nodded. “Can I get you anything?” he asked, standing up, breaking the moment of intense understanding.
“No, thanks,” Willow said. But before Ben turned away, she noticed that his eyes were bright with unshed tears, and she realized that for the first time in his life, he was really relating to Tommy.

They all got a late start in the morning, Ben having forgotten to set his alarm, and Tommy not having woken up his mother before dawn.
“I have an easy day,” Ben said quietly so the children wouldn't hear him. He joined Willow in the kitchen where she was making coffee. “Should we play hooky and take the kids to the fair?”
Willow looked at him blankly and thought. His idea had taken her completely by surprise. On the one hand, she hated everything about the county fair. The crowds, the strange, tatted up carnies, the insane cost of the tickets, the crap they served and called food. She looked at Maisy, who had her cast up on the table while she made a heroic effort to shovel cereal into her mouth with her left hand. Tommy was writing the word “arm” on her cast, over and over again with a red crayon. The fair would certainly cheer Maisy up, Willow thought. Ben stared at her expectantly.
“Come on,” he pled, under his breath.
“I have to pay more bills today,” she said. She had been putting off all the big ones until the last possible second, not wanting to be reminded of how dire their financial situation was. “We’re in debt you know,” Willow said, knowing the fair was always so expensive.
“Come on. It’ll be fun. I’ll help you go over the bills tonight?”
“Really?” Willow couldn't believe it. He had never offered to help with the bills. Maybe if he saw how bad things were and how expensive Tommy’s care was, he’d stop buying lunch out, or lay off the video game purchases. Even his 99 cent itunes bills were adding up. “Ok, but you can’t back out later. You’re really going to help?”
“Hey, I work out now, remember?” Ben flexed his muscles playfully referring to their code word.
“What’s going on?” Maisy asked. She could always see right through both of them.
“Your dad,” Willow said, a smile forming on her lips, “was just saying how we’re going to take the day off and go to the fair today.”
“The carnival?” Maisy asked, jumping up, spilling a bit of milk from her cereal bowl in the process.
“Yep,” Ben clapped his hands together. Tommy looked up, his coloring surface having been taken away from him and already running down the hall to get dressed. “We’re going to the fair little man. Let’s go get you dressed.”

The fair was near the ocean, which, in Willow’s opinion, made it much more bearable. There was a breeze, tinged with the green wet tang of seaweed, and she breathed deeply, filling her lungs with the air as if it were a magical elixir that would get her through the day. She had never been one for crowds after an experience in the Vatican as a child when she was almost trampled by nuns on a mission to rush through the turn styles. “In the name of God,” her mother had said, with the inflection of a question, trying to shove through them and reach Willow to pull her forward. But the sea of bodies had been too powerful, and for a terrifying moment, she had been separated from her parents and lost in the overwhelming wave of black flapping fabric and foreign language.
She gripped Tommy’s hand tightly and made sure that Ben had Maisy, which of course, he didn't. Willow felt frustration well and turn into anger which set her mouth in a line. “Ben,” she said, the hard edge of her voice stopping him cold. He and Maisy turned to see what was wrong.
“I’ve got her,” he said, reading her look. He let a hand drop protectively on Maisy's shoulder. “I’m not going to hold her hand,” he said. “She needs a little bit of freedom, besides," he said when Willow gave him a look, "she needs it for balance.” 
Willow knew he was probably right, and she knew she was overreacting. She didn’t mean for the crowd to get her so irritable. She felt the familiar tug of her uterus and wondered why her period always had to start on the days where she’s was her feet for hours. She stood up straight, and pulled her bloated tummy in flat as if this would stave off the inevitable. 
“What’s your problem?” Ben asked. But he said it with more accusation than concern. 
“Let’s just get in line so the kids can get some rides in,” she replied. They walked toward the children’s section with the more tame rides. Of course it was the furthest from the parking lot and Willow felt as if she were dragging Tommy along. There were vendors with food, and something about the sweet smoky scent of roasted almonds, grounded Willow and reminded her to live in the moment. She looked down at Tommy and tried to see everything as he must be seeing it. 
People brushed by him, but he didn't seem to be affected by their proximity and sense of urgency. Vendors called out for him to come see their booths, or try a sample of their food. But he wasn't listening. A balloon popped before it could be twisted into an animal, but he didn't jump the way Willow did. His eyes were huge as he visually took it all in. And he really did seem to only be seeing right now. Willow knew that this was how he experienced most things. His vision was his main sense. Then after that, he compartmentalized. It was like watching him shift literal gears in his brain. When he needed to hear something, there was a subtle shifting that Willow swore she could see in his eyes. It was when he switched the “intake” from visual to audio. 
As she watched him now, she tried to shut down her other senses and feel the fair only through her vision. At first, she was shocked as the colors all seemed to be more saturated than they were just a moment ago. She hooked Tommy’s hand on her purse so she could cover her ears, just for a minute. 
Ben looked back at her, pointing to a ride that Maisy wanted to go on. She kept her hands over her ears and nodded at him. She felt as if she were in the ocean. Saltwater, warm and crystal clear. She and Tommy were swimming through the carnival together. The people were all different shapes and sizes; she took them in without her typical social filter, tinged with judgment. Some were sharks, she thought, seeing the body builder with the gold teeth. The babies in the strollers were little angel fish, and the teenagers were the bright silver fish that moved in schools. 
She looked at Tommy and wondered what he was thinking. She didn't think he felt like he was underwater, as it was always how he processed the world. But there had been a perceptible shift in her thinking. It was the first time she had really understood how he might experience things differently, and in some cases, possibly even more fully. 
Ben ran to get Maisy some cotton candy while the three of them waited in line for something called a whirligig. It made Willow sick just looking at it, and she wished there were a way for her to just watch. But the seats were in pairs, and she would have to sit next to Tommy. Ben handed Maisy the tower of pink fluff and Maisy held it up to Willow. 
“Want some?” she asked.
“No thanks,” Willow said. But she did something that she always did with cotton candy. She put her nose as close as possible to the spun sugar and inhaled deeply while closing her eyes. 
“Why do you always do that?” Maisy asked.
“I love the smell,” Willow said. “Even more than I love the taste. Popcorn and coffee are like that too.”
“But why do you close your eyes when you smell?” Maisy asked.
“I do? Hmmm,” Willow said, “I guess I do. It helps me to smell.” 
They were quiet while they waited in line for the next few minutes. Willow couldn't help but wonder if Tommy shut down all of his senses to experience things to their fullest. But she checked herself, chiding herself for romanticizing the autism that made him function differently. But maybe different isn’t so bad, she thought. She wondered what apple pie would smell like if she could smell it without her other senses getting in the way. Just the pure scent of apple pie suffusing her soul. 
“Two and two?” the shady looking guy running the ride asked.
Tommy started to jump and flap his arms, excited that they were going to sit down. She buckled him in, worried that the seat belt wouldn't help him if the whole thing flew off of the center axis.
“I can see you,” Ben called from the seat behind them. “Stop worrying. Everything is going to be fine.”
The motor started up and she put Tommy’s hands on the bar so he could hold on like everyone else. They picked up speed and started whirling. Willow looked at Tommy to make sure he wasn't turning green, and unlike her, his cheeks were pink and his eyes were wide open.
Willow’s legs were wobbly by the time they get off the ride. Tommy didn't want to get off when the ride was over and Ben finally had to pick him up. He started to kick and scream and Ben held him under his arm like a football and got off of the ride platform as quickly as possible. People parted, eager to get away from the screaming child. Ben put him down on the dirt, a safe distance for the ride and the line. Promptly, Tommy threw himself onto his back, sending up a cloud of dust.
“Come on Tommy,” Maisy said. “What’s wrong?”
“Maybe he doesn’t feel well,” Ben said. “That ride made me want to puke.”
“No,” Willow said. “That isn’t it. He loved it. He didn’t want it to end.”
“Let’s do it again,” Maisy jumped up and down. Her shadow jumped over Tommy and Willow was surprised he didn't open his eyes due to the play of light. With his eyes still closed, he continued to kick and scream. After a bit, Maisy knelt next to him and waited for a moment. She put her good hand on his cheek and he opened his eyes. “Let’s do it again,” she shouted over his screams.
Willow reached her hand down to help pull Tommy up, but he didn't take it. “Ride again?” she asked. Tommy took her hand and popped up. Maisy tried to brush the dust out of his hair, but Willow told her not to worry about it. They got back in line, which luckily for them, moved quickly. As they moved closer, Tommy jumped and flapped more, until they were finally next and Willow feared he might burst with excitement. 
After the third ride of the whirligig, Maisy, Willow and Ben voted that they needed to move on. Tommy protested again, but this time they didn't put him down until they found the Ferris wheel and showed him that was what they'd go on next. It was a huge wheel and they all fit into the same compartment. When they reached the top, Tommy swung his feet excitedly, making Maisy squeal and Ben laugh at the queasy look on Willow’s face.
“Look at the ocean,” Ben urged the kids. They were so high they could see the entire beach, the waves and the horizon. Willow opened her eyes and, using all of her senses at the same time, soaked it all in. Her children’s laughter carried in the damp wind, and the sun, lowering over the Pacific, turned their skin a golden bronze. She felt as if she were flying, free, with the weight of her husband’s hand, warm on her leg through her jeans, safely tethering her. And even though she didn't understand why she and Tommy experienced things so differently, she knew that things were exactly as they should be. And for then, in that moment, that was enough.

Before they drove home, they headed over to the beach to take a walk. Several men were playing calypso drums and Tommy stopped, rooted to the spot in front of them. Willow wasn't sure if it was their colorful outfits, the energy they were playing with, or the sound of their music that captivated him.
One of the men noticed Tommy and called him forward. Automatically, Willow shook her head no, but called “thank you,” so as not to offend them. But they persisted, waving him forward and Tommy, as if he were being pulled by unseen magnetic forces, closed the few paces between them.
“I want to try too!” Maisy said, but Ben held her back. 
Willow was struck with the unfairness of it and felt badly for Maisy, but she was frozen in place, waiting as Tommy took the mallet and banged on the drum. She had been dreaming that he would find his passion, to be able to really shine at something. Maybe this was going to be a pivotal moment in his life. He tried to copy the man on the other drum, but the mallet was awkward in Tommy’s hand, and he rendered a clumsy version of the beat. Willow expected him to become frustrated, but he didn't and merely walked away after several failed attempts.
“Can I try now?” Maisy asked.
“Go ahead,” Willow said making eye contact with the drummer to make sure it was ok. They waited while Maisy played away happily. Tommy started to pull Willow toward the beach, no patience for his sister. 
“We waited for you,” Willow said, staying firmly in place while mentally urging Maisy to hurry up. 
Finally, they were all walking on the beach. Maisy stopped when she saw bubbles in the retreating tide and stooped to dig in the sand for the sand crabs below. Tommy picked up a piece of sea glass and held it in his hand while Willow watched him closely to make sure he didn't eat it.
Ben and Willow walked slowly, side by side, watching their children in the fading light.
“I thought he was going to be really good,” Willow admitted. The wind kept making her hair stick to her lip balm, and she held it back while looking sideways at Ben.
“He was cute,” Ben said.
“No, but I mean, I keep thinking that there is this part of his brain that is working overtime developing some hidden talent.”
“And that he’s some sort of prodigy or savant?” Ben asked. 
Willow shrugged and diverted her attention long enough to pick up a smooth flat rock and skip it into the ocean.
“What if he’s supposed to be an amazing harp player? But we’ll never know because he won’t be exposed to a harp?” she asked.
“Seriously? A harp? 
Willow playfully nudged him with her hip as they walked. “You know what I mean.” 
“What if he’s really good at boxing?” Ben asked.
“Shut up. You know I would never let him box.”
“Just like I’ll never let him play the harp,” Ben said. “Pelicans.” He pointed to the flock that flew by in a v shape, just barely skimming the water. 
“I’m starving,” Willow said.
“Fish and chips?” Ben asked, knowing that even though they were trying to save money, when they were at the beach with the kids, even Willow couldn't resist fish and chips.

Back at the car, fish and chips in a greasy bag, and Tommy’s milk freshly made out of the cooler in the trunk, they started home. 
“Can we just have the fries on the way home?” Maisy asked, reaching for the bag.
“Go ahead,” Willow acquiesced, “see if your brother wants some.”
For a moment, it was quiet, the children munching contentedly. “Can I take piano lessons?” Maisy asked.
“We don’t have a piano,” Willow said. 
“What if that’s her thing?” Ben said softly. 
Even though he meant it to tease her, Willow heard the truth in it.
“We’ll see what we can do,” Willow said. 
Tommy was kicking Willow’s seat methodically. She was able to ignore it for a while, but it was starting to drive her mad. She turned around to gently tell him to stop when Maisy said, “And Tommy wants to play the drums. He would have done better if they had foot pedals at the beach. He likes using his hands and his feet at the same time, see?”
And Willow saw that he was flapping his hands while he kicked.
“We’ll start a band,” Ben said.
Willow leaned back in her chair and closed her eyes. Fine for him to joke about it. This could mean a lot to the kids. And at the end of the month, when their mortgage was paid, and the doctors and therapists were paid, there wasn’t a dime left over for luxuries like music lessons. Willow would get a job, but with Tommy, she didn’t see how that could work. Even if he was at school, he stayed home a lot when he wasn’t feeling well. And she didn’t know if she would have the energy anyway.
Ben reached over and patted her knee as they pulled up into the driveway. “We’re here,” he whispered. “Can you help me with the kids?” Willow looked back and saw the kids, their necks at painful looking angles, and their heads heavy with sleep.

The next morning, when she was picking up after the chaos of getting everyone out the door, in the serendipitous way that things sometimes work, Willow opened up the classifieds to see if she could find an ideal, part-time job. She didn't, of course. What she needed was a listing that read ‘part-time, no recent work experience necessary, constantly calling in sick because of your kid is encouraged, plus benefits.’  But she did see an ad for drums and a keyboard that happened to be for sale by someone who lived just two streets over. 
She threw some clothes on and called the number to see if they were still available. Half an hour later, and minus a mere seventy five dollars, she proudly surveyed the drum set and keyboard, carefully covered them with a tarp and counted the days until she could unveil them at Christmas.



Christmas

Because Willow had the drums and keyboard tucked away in the garage, she wouldn't have to go crazy trying to find Christmas presents this year. She ordered her parents a wine of the month club, and Ben’s parents a beer of the month club. And luckily Ben's siblings didn't bother with exchanging gifts with each other. 
The lights of the oncoming cars mesmerized her as Ben drove them down the freeway toward his mother's house, which ended up being the final destination, much to the chagrin of his sister. It was two days before Christmas, and the plan was to celebrate early, then break away and come home to celebrate at home with Willow's parents. So if she could just steel herself to get through the in-law part of the holiday, she would be able to relax eventually.
“I hope Betty doesn’t pull that designer crap with me again this year,” Willow said, rubbing the tension in her neck.
“It’s my mother. It’s Christmas. You can count on it.” Ben looked sideways at her, grimacing in lieu of apology.
“Why doesn’t she understand that I can’t afford any of our clothes in expensive brand names, nor do I care?  Why can’t she just leave me alone instead of constantly demeaning the way I look and pretty much everything about me?  I’m going to make up my own designer brand of clothes called “What you can afford if you have a child with autism” and it will be a burlap sack or something.”
“Oh, and don’t forget, you have to say Merry Christmas, not Happy Holidays,” Ben said, ignoring her rant. “Or we will have to hear her speech again.”
“Whatever," sighed Willow dejectedly.
“I’m Buddhist,” Maisy piped in from the back seat.
“Yeah?” Willow asks, craning her neck to look at her. Maisy nodded authoritatively. “Well, don’t tell your Grandma Betty. You'll never hear the end of it!”
“That’s lying,” Maisy pouted. 
Willow didn't have the energy for a discussion on the nuances of lying by omission. 
“You don’t always have to tell people everything you’re thinking, do you?” Ben asked.
“Yes,” Maisy said.
Willow couldn't help but laugh out loud, as this was actually true of Maisy. “Don’t think about it then,” Willow said. “Besides, since when are you Buddhist?”
“Since yesterday when Mr. Grant showed me his collection of Buddhas.”
“Isn’t collecting things against the religion?” Ben asked. “It seems so materialistic.”
“They were so pretty,” Maisy said. “Some were gold and some had jewels.”
“Makes perfect sense,” Willow said. “Do you know what it means to be Buddhist?”
“Mr. Grant says it means that you love everything. People, animals, trees. And I do,” Maisy said, her voice rising with excitement. “So I guess I’ve been a Buddhist for a really long time.”
Willow glanced in the rearview mirror. “Makes sense,” she said, nodding at Maisy. With relief, she saw that Tommy was sleeping. “Can you find a rest stop or gas station or something?” she whispered to Ben. “I’ve really got to go.”
“Me too!” Maisy said. 
Tommy flinched at her voice but didn't fully awaken. Ben pulled off at the next exit and Maisy and Willow quietly got out of the car and ran toward the bathroom.
“Don’t touch anything,” Willow said as she pulled her sleeve down around her hand to open the door.
They finished up and could hear the screaming when they came back out into the night. Tommy, she knew, was upset that they were at a place that wasn’t in his plans. She went to the trunk to dig a cup of potato milk out of the cooler to see if she could quiet him. 
“We’re going to Grandma’s,” she said loudly, opening the sliding door and handing him the milk. 
He wouldn't take it though, as he was too busy kicking and thrashing about while he screamed.
“Just get in so we can go,” Ben yelled over the screams.
Maisy was already belted in and Willow hopped in the front.
“I’m sorry,” she said, feeling guilty that she had needed to go to the bathroom.
Ben nodded, his neck already stiff with stress.
“We’ll be there in half an hour,” Willow said loudly. “Grandma’s house. Almost there,” she tried again. But the screams continued. They get louder when she tried to touch his leg, or offer him milk, so she just settled in for the ride, the screaming like a cheese grater on her brain.

Finally, they pulled up to the house, which was decorated to the extent that the energy used on the lights outside was probably enough to power a small country. Instantly, Tommy’s tears subsided as he took in the lights. 
“They’ve added a moving snowman,” Ben said as he helped Willow gather their overnight bags and food for Tommy. The kids had already run up to the house and were inside. Willow felt a sense of urgency as she took the steps, needing to get inside and see what Tommy had managed to get into within the thirty seconds he had been inside.
Maisy was in the foyer oohing and aahing over the miniature villages that covered every flat surface. Willow kissed her head as she walked by, in search of Tommy.
“Hi dear,” Betty said, breezing out of the kitchen. “Doesn’t the place look festive?”
“It certainly does,” Willow said. “Have you seen Tommy?”
“He’s helping me set the table, aren’t you Tommy.” Willow turned the corner to the dining room to find that Tommy, in the last sixty seconds had managed to unscrew all of the salt and pepper lids and dump their contents onto the table. The collectible Christmas shakers were now lined up in their empty glory, small to large, in the middle of the table, surrounded by heaps of salt and pepper. Tommy didn't stop to look at them. He was busy making sure the shakers were placed to his exact standards, moving them just a fraction of a centimeter at a time until he was pleased with their placement.
“Silly boy,” Betty said, reaching for Tommy’s hand. “Will you clean that up dear?” she asked Willow as she and Tommy walked away. Now she knows where Ben’s sister, Lucille, got it from.  Willow could hear Ben and his father in the den, already glued to a game of some sort on TV. She cursed her mother-in-law as she began the process of cleaning the grainy mess. “Be careful not to scratch the table,” Betty called out from the kitchen.
“Sure thing,” Willow called back. Just like it’s a sure thing we won’t be coming here again, she thought. She knew it wasn't true, but the possibility of it, of saying "no," and some deep breathing, got her through.
Finally, she checked on Maisy again, who was now surrounded by scarves in Betty's bedroom.
“Don’t look! I’m playing dress-up. I’ll show you in a minute.”
“Oh, sorry. I’ll be in the kitchen when you’re ready.”
Willow’s feet, ensconced in the heels she wore in an attempt to be dressed up for the holidays, yet still get away with wearing slacks and a blouse, were already killing her as she wobbled into the kitchen.
“He looks like he was crying a lot,” Betty called as she heard Willow click into the kitchen. “But he’s fine now. He just must have been missing his Grandma." And then, what Willow had known would come eventually, Betty scrutinized her.  "He might have also been upset with what you decided to wear.”
Willow stopped in her tracks, shocked by the sight in front of her. Betty had Tommy perched on the huge expanse of gleaming granite countertop, surrounded by about thirty spinning tops.
“Where did you get those?” Willow asked. The sight was surreal and she knew Tommy was in heaven.
“Oh, I collect them,” Lucille said. “I find them soothing. And apparently, so does Tommy.”
Willow had heard theories that autism was inherited. The numbers were higher in the Silicone valley, so many computer whizzes, which of course, was how Ben also made a living. She thought of her own grandmother, and her intelligence, so high that it left her basically socially inept. And she remembered how she would say exactly what was on her mind, regardless of whether or not the thought was barbed with daggers. She thought of her own phobia of germs, and obvious control issues, well, obvious according to everyone but her. And here stood Betty, her head cocked with concentration, in the same manner that Tommy’s was cocked. Kid didn’t stand a chance, she thought.

Except for the meal where Betty said a prayer, out loud, that Willow would learn some fashion sense, which caused Willow to almost choke on the wine she was sipping, things went surprisingly well. 
They went to mass and Tommy did a lot of stimming, which brought on quite a few stares. The priest was talking about the real meaning of the season, which apparently didn’t have anything to do with not judging others, or compassion. Nonetheless, they made it back, tucked the kids into bed and fell into bed themselves. 
“It wasn’t such a bad day after all, right?” Ben asked.  “You seem like you might even have some energy still.”
“Whatever. You aren’t getting any tonight. Gross. Not in your parent's house.”
“Where’s your Christmas spirit?”
“Maybe I’ll find it when you get me out of here,” Willow said. She turned over, away from Ben’s warm breath, which, because he was related to his mother, irritated her. She tried to center herself. She reminded herself that every year her in-laws helped them financially, and she didn't know what they would do without that support. And even though she felt so alone so often, she was fortunate to have so many loved ones who rallied around them and helped in every way they could. 
She pictured an atoll surrounded by beautiful coral. She was by herself, lying on the sand, soaking up the sun, enjoying the warmth. A moment later, she was asleep on her own little island.

Tommy and Maisy played with their new toys on the way home in the car. Tommy had an etch-a-sketch, and Maisy had a new video game for her DS. Occasionally Tommy would stop turning the knobs and crane his neck to see what Maisy was doing. Willow knew it was just a matter of time before he took a real interest in video games. She dreaded the day, that to a certain extent, it would pull him even further away from them.
They went straight home and pulled into the driveway to see that her parents were already there, waiting inside.
“Hey,” Willow called as she opened the door. “Merry Christmas!” She hugged both of them and felt a bit of the tension that she had collected at Ben’s parents house ease from her shoulders.
“I’m making lunch,” Jane said, “hope you’re hungry.”
“Come take a look at this,” Bob said, ushering Willow over to her tree. “Your mom and I wrapped everything for Tommy with just one piece of tape. That way maybe he won’t get upset this year.”
“It’s great Dad,” she said. Tommy was pulling on his grandfather’s hand to go outside.
“You want to go jump?” Bob asked.
Tommy nodded.
“Tell me what you want.”
“Jump,” Tommy said.
“You can do better than that,” Bob said, stooping so he can look directly at Tommy.
“Tommy jump.”
“I’ll take that,” Bob said, smiling at Tommy and accepting his tugging hand. “Maisy! You want to come outside with us?”
“Coming,” Maisy yelled as she tore through the kitchen and went out the back door. 
Ben flopped on the couch and Willow joined her mother in the kitchen. 
“We got Tommy educational toys mostly,” Jane said. “No lead paint, nothing he can try to eat, I don’t think so anyway. I hope he likes them.”
“He will,” Willow sighed. “I didn’t know we had any bread.”
“I brought it. And a pumpkin pie too. So, turkey sandwiches for lunch, your dad’s making a prime rib roast for dinner, and then pie for dessert.”
“I’ve been wanting a piece of pumpkin pie since Halloween,” Willow said wistfully.
“You have?”
Willow nodded, and set the table, putting out chips and salsa. 
“Well, I’m glad I could bring you the pie then. And you’ll like what else I got for you.” Willow nodded again, knowing it would be money. It was money that they desperately needed, and it would go directly to paying off debt. 
“It’s a membership to a massage place!” Jane said, not able to contain her excitement. “Well, that and the usual check.”
Willow didn't know what to say. She couldn't stand to be touched like that, and semi-nude in front of a stranger. Her mom knew that.
“It’ll be good. I’ll watch the kids once a month and you can go de-stress. An hour, just for you. What do you think?”
Willow shrugged, trying to muster up the excitement that her mom was expecting.
Jane waved her hand dismissively, and began assembling the sandwiches. “I know you don’t like to be touched. You’re just going to have to get over it. It’ll be good for you.”
“What do you mean, she doesn’t like to be touched?” Ben asked, coming into the kitchen with a beer already in hand from the fridge in the garage.
“You know that,” Willow said, feeling ganged up on. “Not by you. By a masseuse.”
“Yeah, but why?” Ben dug into the chips and sat beside Willow at the table.
“I don’t know.”
“Because you’re afraid that if you relax you’ll never get yourself going again. You’re afraid that feeling hands on your body will make you have to feel other things. And it is easier to be guarded and locked up and keep it together,” Jane said, giving her a pointed look.
Willow looked at her mother who was so nonchalantly and correctly analyzing her. 
“How did you know?” she asked.
“Because she’s your mother,” Ben said. “And she’s right. You know she is. What are we talking about?”
“I got her twelve massages, one for every month of the year!” Jane said again, not allowing her enthusiasm for the gift to be dampened by her under whelmed daughter.
“Good times,” Ben said. “Come on hon. It’ll be good for you.”
Willow looked at these people. Why did it seem that people always need something from her? But she knew she wasn't being fair. The gift was meant to give her a break, and that she could use. “I’ll do it,” she said. “I can’t promise I’ll like it, but I’ll do it. Shit, I need to make Tommy’s crackers and milk,” she got up, but Ben stopped her. 
“You sit,” he said, pushing the beer in her direction. “I haven’t worked out lately.”
Jane raised her eyebrows and gave Willow an amused look. 
“Oh,” Ben said, catching the look, “that’s code for I’m not being an asshole today.”
“I like it,” Jane said. “Can you talk to your father-in-law about this code?”
“Come up with your own code Jane, I can’t do everything here,” Ben said. “Willow, where do you keep Tommy’s crackers?”


The drums and keyboard were a huge hit. Tommy had opened his presents painfully slowly, one at a time, taking the time to play with each one before moving on. Willow wanted to scream and hurry him up so she could present him with the grand finale of the drums, but she knew that didn't make sense. If he wanted to draw it out over three days she would let him.
Last year he had been so upset that the presents were wrapped. She thought that he thought they were trying to play a trick on him by hiding the presents under paper. But by Christmas morning, when Maisy was opening them and squealing with delight, he got the hang of it and only got frustrated by excess tape and bows and ribbons. 
This year, the way her parents had wrapped the presents encouraged him, and he wanted to open everyone’s presents for them. This upset Maisy, who of course wanted to open her own, but she came around and even asked Tommy if he would like to open up her presents with her.
The drums and keyboard, which weren’t unveiled until late afternoon, were a hit, and Tommy instantly took to them, especially enjoying the pedals, just as Maisy had predicted. And Willow’s parents had had the foresight to pre-purchase Maisy a years worth of piano lessons. 
Willow noticed her father looking pale and growing quiet. She realized he was reacting to the overabundance of noise, the drums and keyboard both being pounded on at the same time. “You want to go for a walk Dad?” she asked.
Grateful, he nodded. “I would like nothing more than to take a walk with my daughter.”
“Don’t be too long,” Jane called. “Dinner will be ready soon.”
It was already dusk and Willow pulled a sweater on as they stepped into the cool air that smelled of wood smoke from all of the fireplaces burning in living rooms up and down the street.
“Smells like Christmas,” she said. “How you doing Dad?”
And they talked about the birds that he had been studying, and she listened, not understanding half of it, but comforted by the nearness of her father and the sound of his voice.
Upon their return home, they could hear the keyboard and drums in the entryway.
“You ready for this?” Willow asked her father.
“Maybe we can convince them it's time for a break.”
The house was warm and smelled of roasting garlic and prime rib. Willow inhaled deeply and turned to look at her children, still enthralled with their noisy gifts. Jane and Ben sat on the couch, chatting and taking in the chaotic concert. Maisy sat with her back to them, her hair in pig tails with red ribbons that matched her red sparkly shoes. She was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. Maybe it wasn't the perfectly elegant ensemble for Christmas dinner, but she was happy, and no one else was dressed up either. 
Willow turned to watch Tommy. He sat, facing them, behind his drum set. He was banging away with both hands and using both feet, beaming ear to ear, without a stitch of clothing on. Bliss, was the word that came to Willow’s mind. And rather than usher him toward his room to get dressed, she let him play, thinking she’d get him dressed for dinner in a bit, but for now, what was the harm? 



Screaming

Several days after Christmas, like clockwork, Tommy started crying, and then screaming, by about four o’clock in the afternoon. 
“I think he’s hurt,” Maisy said anxiously. Ben, Willow and Maisy hovered around him in the hallway while he stood there crying.
“Does something hurt Tommy? Show mommy where it hurts.” Willow put her hand on his head and then on his stomach asking “hurt?”
But Tommy just kept crying. “Maybe he misses school,” Maisy said.
This could be true. He could miss the routine, his friends and teachers. Even the therapists that normally came to the house on almost a daily basis were gone, enjoying the holiday break with their own families.
“Friends?” Maisy asked, squatting a little to be at his level.
Tommy, probably feeling claustrophobic with the three of them hovering, pushed through them and out into the living room. He climbed onto his swing and rocked, continuing to cry.
“Maybe he’s angry,” Ben said. “Maybe someone hurt his feelings.”
Willow went as close to the swing as she could without getting hit, and hastily used her hands to scan his body for bumps, scratches and bruises. “No fever, no injuries,” she shouted over the noise. She pushed him on the swing again, the screaming having escalated as she looked him over and held the swing still.
“Well, he needs to stop. He can’t just cry like that,” Ben said, going into the kitchen to rummage around. “What are we doing for dinner?”
“I haven’t the slightest,” Willow yelled. 
“Do you want some potato milk? Are you hungry?” Willow tried again, thinking that might be an easy fix.
But every time she talked to him, his crying escalated. 
“I’ll play him a song on my piano,” Maisy said. She sat and started to tentatively pluck out twinkle twinkle little star.
His crying continued and Ben came into the room and threw up his hands. “We have no food, and are you kidding me with the piano on top of this?”
Maisy continued, unable to hear Ben over the screaming. “That was nice Maisy, but I think maybe he wants quiet, well,” she said and then, under her breath, “we know your daddy does.”
Maisy, insulted, sulked off to her room, muttering about how she was just trying to help. 
“I’m going outside,” Ben said. “Tommy, you want to go outside?”
Tommy continued to swing. 
“I’ll stay here, you go ahead,” Willow said, picking up a magazine to flip through.
“What, you’re going to read while he cries?”
“Any other suggestions? He does this once in a while you know. You’re always at work. Or wait, did you think he saved outbursts like this for when you're home?" She shook her head, "he’ll calm down in a bit.”
But tonight, his stamina surprised even Willow. The three of them ate dinner, pasta, it turned out, with some spinach on the side. 
“Throw enough parmesan on anything and you’ve got a meal,” Willow said, placing the plates on the table.
“What?” Ben and Maisy said, unable to hear her over the crying.
We just need to get through this night, Willow thought to herself. She could see Tommy from where she was seated, and he continued to cry and swing.
But the next night, and the next, were the same. It wasn't until around 8:00, that he would quiet down and go to sleep. On the fourth day, Willow made an appointment with the Dr. for the following day. And, as luck would have it, the crying miraculously stopped.
“Maybe he's growing,” Willow told Ben at night when they were going through the list of possibilities. “Growing can hurt.”
“When I was fifteen I grew six inches in one year,” Ben said. “Yeah, it hurts. My legs would wake me up with cramps.”
“It could be that. But I meant emotionally, mentally. What if parts of his brain are clicking on and he has to deal with new sensations or feelings. It would be overwhelming. You know how Maisy cried every night when she was about 6 months old?”
“The witching hour. Yeah, I remember. But he’s more developed than a six month old. His verbal skills are more like a two year old.”
“And some of his skills are even age appropriate. But his development is all over the place. My point isn’t that his behavior is that of a six month old. At any rate, he's progressing, and sometimes that might be painful. Do you think that’s wishful thinking?”
Ben sighed and turned out the light. “You have to have hope. That’s what gets you through.”
“But I don’t want to hope for him to be something other than what he is. You know that isn’t what I want.”
“Honey. I know you. You want him to be the best he can be. And that is what everyone wants for him. Tomorrow’s New Year’s Eve. You want to go out? Romantic movie? Expensive dinner with different wines for the various courses?”
“You’re hysterical. Like we could find a babysitter for the kids on New Year’s Eve, like we could get a reservation, like we could afford it, what would we even wear?” Willow asked, turning off her bedside light. “DVD, popcorn, pizza? Maybe a board game with the kids? Maybe attempt to watch that dumb ball drop?”
Ben laughed. “That’s what I meant.”

New Year’s Eve was uneventful, which was good. Everyone was happy and they watched a movie that Maisy loved and that Willow and Ben found mind numbingly boring. Tommy played with his new dump truck that Maisy had gotten him for Christmas, or rather, she took it from the back of her closet and wrapped it up for him. He filled it with pine needles that had fallen off of the tree and then wheeled it across the room, making a pile by the corner.
Tommy went and got into his bed at about 9:00. Maisy passed out in the recliner around 10:00. 
“You want to ring in the new year?” Ben asked after carrying Maisy to her bed.
“If you promise to be quick,” Willow said. “I’m exhausted.”
“Always the romantic, but I'll take what I can get.”  He reached for her hand and pulled her toward him.

In the morning, Willow overslept. She heard Tommy coming into their room to demand his breakfast of supplemented potato milk. She anticipated him ripping the covers off of her in order to find her hand so he could pull on it, whining for his breakfast. She kept her eyes closed, waiting for the chill of the cold air to hit. 
But he didn't throw back the covers. Her eyes still closed, she could hear his breath and knew he must be standing right in front of her. She felt his lips on her forehead. Not quite a kiss, but his version of one. It was more like he just placed his lips on her forehead for a moment and then stepped away. And then he walked out of the room.
For a minute, Willow thought she must be dreaming. She sat up and saw him in his cute little flannel pajama bottoms as he left her room. She wanted to tell Ben, but didn't want to wake him. She had just received the best New Year’s present in the world. “Happy New Year’s to you too,” she whispered as she got out of bed to go make his breakfast.



Part Two
Hormones

Maisy’s period started two weeks before her thirteenth birthday. All she wanted to do was talk about how she was a woman now. And didn’t childbirth hurt? And how did some girls just wear pads? I mean, it’s like wearing a diaper, gross. This is when Ben usually, having had enough, picked up his dinner plate and retreated to the living room in search of a basketball game. Tommy, who enjoyed watching basketball too, was happy to join his father.
“Maisy, not everyone wants to hear about it,” Willow said, clearing the plates that were left on the table.
“But it’s natural. You told me not to be ashamed about it. Why can’t we talk about it?” Maisy asked, helping herself to another serving of pasta.
“There is a time and a place for it, that’s all,” Willow said, deciding that since the boys were gone, she should sit back down and talk to her daughter. So she sat across from her. “Let’s talk about it.”
“There’s nothing else to say. Geez, it’s no big deal,” Maisy said.
Willow sighed and picked a noodle out of the bowl and popped it into her mouth. “How’s school going then?”
“Good. A’s and B’s. Mostly A’s.”
“I’m really proud of you,” Willow said. She looked directly at Maisy, forcing her to meet her stare. Maisy blushed. “I mean it. And I don’t tell you enough. You’ve always been so self-motivated. You need to know how proud we are of who you are.”
“Thanks Mom,” she said, looking back down at her plate. “So when can I go on a date?”
“Has anyone asked you out yet?”
“No, but there’s a dance coming up.”
“We’ll take it one day at a time, ok?” Willow gave her daughter a kiss on the top of the head and went back to clearing the table. 
“I think he’s going to ask me,” Maisy said. She swirled her spaghetti around on her plate.
“Who?” Willow asked, playing dumb. She knew exactly whom Maisy was referring to. The kid who looked like a kid last year, when he was friends with Maisy in the seventh grade. The kid whose face was already showing signs of the man he would someday become. Willow breathed deeply. It all seemed to be going so fast. 
“What do I do if he asks me?”
“Ask him over for dinner so we can get to know him.”
“Mom! That is so lame. No one does that. God. Gross.”
Willow laughed. “Tell him you’ll get back to him then. That way your father and I can talk about it first.”
“Fine,” Maisy sighed. “What will you and Dad decide?”
“Maisy? Will you help me do the dishes?”
“I’ve got a ton of homework,” she said, her big green eyes wide with pleading as she put her dish in the sink. 
“Of course you do. Funny how it doesn’t get started til the dishes need washing.”
“Mom, you just told me how proud you were.”
“Go do your homework,” Willow said, giving her a playful swat on the bottom with the end of the towel.
She finished up the kitchen and then joined the boys in the living room. She said boys because she was in denial about Tommy. Not unlike other children with autism, his flood of teenage testosterone hit early and he was starting to look like a man already.
She sat in between them and noticed the dark hair on his legs already. He was getting much better about keeping his clothes on as he got older, partly due to Maisy’s diligence in reacting to the sight of his naked body as he would nonchalantly walk into her room. 
“Naked in your room,” she would say, shielding her eyes and pointing for him to leave. It was one of Willow’s main concerns, him keeping his clothes on in public, and, thanks to all of their efforts, it would probably eventually work itself out.
“Stop it bud,” Ben said.
Willow knew without looking that Tommy must be touching himself. She glanced, and sure enough, he had his hands over his crotch.
Tommy’s hands remained where they were, and Ben raised his voice, snapping Tommy out of his basketball watching trance. “Tommy, I said leave it.”
Willow sighed and stood. She noticed that all of her muscles were aching, right down to her bones, and she hoped she wasn't coming down with something. She didn't have time to come down with something. 
“You know as well as I do that all he caught out of that sentence was ‘Tommy,’ and ‘it.’ What is he supposed to do with that?” Willow heard her voice rising and checked herself.
Ben took a swig of beer and looked at her as if to ask, “what the hell is wrong with you?”
“I’m tired,” Willow answered to the silent question. “Room,” Willow said, touching Tommy’s shoulder and saying the word again so he knew she was talking to him. They were trying to get him in the habit of going into his room when he felt like touching himself. He hadn't put it together yet, but she persisted, trying not to make a big deal out of it, but knowing that socially, this was a big deal.
He got up and followed her down the hallway. Willow watched as Tommy went over to his desk and picked up each and every one of his rocks and looked them over as he always did when he entered his room. When he saw they were all in order he picked up a book and Willow sighed again, this time with relief. It should be an easy evening then, with Tommy absorbed in one of his books. She noted the cover and saw that this time he was reading quite an advanced book about the universe. She slipped away quietly, knowing he no longer really felt her presence anyway, now that he was engrossed in his book. 
There were a couple of years, when Tommy was nine and ten, where they were making so much progress. But now he was in middle school, and some days she got so discouraged. Not only was he at a new school, which meant getting used to all of the new routines and kids, but his hormones had really kicked in too. His old elementary school had understood kids with autism. And the middle school was alright, but the class wasn't geared toward children with autism. It was set up like a child care, just making sure the kids were safe, but not really teaching them anything.  Tommy did need assistance with a lot of things, but he hated to be underestimated, or worse, thought of as dumb.  He felt insulted to be in that class, but the regular classes were not set up for him either. It wasn't ideal in any way, but it was what they had, and Willow still worked with him every afternoon. Sometimes they splurged for a tutor to help out, but with the government subsidies having run out in that area once he turned eight they were mostly on their own.

Willow decided she would take the rare opportunity to climb into bed early with a book. She took her time washing her face, and brushing her teeth, something she usually rushed through so she could collapse into bed. Through the thin walls she could hear Maisy singing along to her ipod as she did her homework in the next room. And then she heard the drums in Tommy’s room start up. She listened to the beat that other parents might find obnoxious, but that she found soothing. When he was playing, she could relax. She knew exactly where he was, what he was doing, and knew that he was happy. He really had gotten quite good at them. Maisy and Willow had talked him into trying out for the band tomorrow. Willow thought he might have a chance, but she worried how the other kids would treat him.
“They’re all geeks,” Maisy said yesterday when they were trying to talk him into it. “You’ll fit right in.” 
Willow had gotten upset with Maisy even though she didn’t think Tommy was listening. 
“You want me to treat him normally, like he’s normal, and then you get mad when I do,” Maisy said. And Willow knew she kind of had a point.



Cycles

“He got into the band!” Maisy said as the two of them came into the house after school. They had to take different buses, but Maisy waited in front of the house until Tommy was dropped off so they could walk into the house together.
“That’s great!” Willow gave him a hug. She had been nervous about it all day, watching the clock as it slowly crept toward 3:45.
“Band,” Tommy said, nodding. He pulled a folder out of his backpack and took it over to the table. Willow knew this meant he would like her to sit down, so she obliged, and looked at the folder. 
“Oh, you’re really going to like these songs,” she said. And then, not sure if he understood, she said, “good songs.”
Tommy took the folder from her. “Drums,” he says, and walked to his bedroom so he could practice.
“And how was your day?” Willow asked Maisy, who had her head in the refrigerator, looking for a snack. 
“Fine. What’s for dinner?”
“I’m going to throw a chicken and some potatoes in the oven. Do you know anyone in the band?”
Maisy decided on a plum. She shrugged, thinking while she took a bite. “I think Anna played the flute last year. But she wasn’t very good.”
“If you see her, will you ask her how Tommy’s doing?”
“I never see her.” 
“But if you do,” Willow prompted.
“Fine. I don’t think Tommy would want me checking in on him though. You know he’ll be fine.” Maisy finished her plum and threw the pit in the trash on her way into the living room. 
"Do you remember how you used to always say you wanted to live underwater?"
"Yeah," Maisy said, poking her head back into the kitchen. 
"Did you want to be a mermaid or something?" 
Maisy shrugged. "I don't know Mom. I think I just wanted it to be quiet, ya know?"
Willow nodded, turning away so Maisy didn't see her tears. She was too emotional lately. Maybe her hormones were off. Willow didn't long to live underwater, she dreamt of a night in a cave. Complete darkness, no sound, no demands, nothing. It sounded blissful. It made her sad that Maisy had the same longing. Kids shouldn't know that kind of exhaustion.
 “Don’t watch too much t.v.,” Willow called after her. “You should start your homework by 5:00.” Maisy always got her homework done, but Willow liked to think she was involved. 
She got the chicken out of the fridge and was annoyed to find that it was still partially frozen. She put it into the sink, running tepid water over it as she took it out of the plastic wrap. She pulled out the neck and then tugged on the paper bag with the innards. “Damn.” It broke when she tried to pull it out of the body cavity. 
The phone rang. “Can you get that?” Willow called to Maisy, knowing it was futile. Maisy usually only bothered to answer her own cell phone. The phone continued to ring and Willow left the chicken in the sink, grabbed a dishtowel and picked up the phone.
“Hello?” she asked, not recognizing the name on the caller i.d.
“Is this Tommy’s mom?”
Willow leaned against the counter and felt herself deflate, expecting the worst.
“Yes,” Willow said, trying to sound bright and cheerful.
“I guess Tommy started band today. My daughter plays the triangle.”
“Oh, great, and Tommy plays the drums.”
“Yes, well, I don’t know how to say this, but today, he kept telling my daughter that he loves her.”
Willow relaxed. “Oh, well I’m sorry. I’ll talk to him.”
“Lizzie told me something’s wrong with him. That he’s in the special class. But that doesn’t give him the right to harass her.”
“What’s wrong with him is that he has autism,” Willow said, taking a deep breath and trying to steady herself. “As I said, I’ll talk to him.”
“I would appreciate that.”
“Ok, well, have a good evening,” Willow hung up before the woman had a chance to reply. The chicken needed to be dealt with before she talked to Tommy. She forgot that the bag was torn and she gathered it up, holding her hand underneath to catch any wayward drips while she carried it to the trash. Before she got there, the heart fell out of the broken bag, and she caught it in her hand.

“She asked you what was wrong with him? Just like that? With no tact?” Ben asked later that evening while the two of them cleaned up after dinner.
Willow nodded. “Pretty much. I should have asked her what was wrong with her daughter. She plays the triangle. I mean, come on. The triangle?”
Ben laughed and put the chicken pan in the sink to soak. Which meant that Willow would just have to deal with it later, but she didn't have the energy to fight over such pettiness right now. “Did you talk to Tommy yet?” Ben asked.
“I was hoping you could. It might mean more coming from you.”
“I’ll give it a try,” Ben said, "remember the days when we never thought he would say that phrase? And now we have to talk to him about it. This is crazy."
“Well, now that he says it, he needs to work on appropriate times. Anyway, good. And then just be ready to have the same conversation every evening for the next few months.” She gave him a peck on the cheek as if to seal the deal. Willow didn't think Tommy would ever really develop much of a filter. He just came right out and said what he was feeling. And he condensed those feelings into words that were easy for him to put together. Because they were always saying “I love you,” at home, it was a very natural thing for him to say. “I’m going to run over to Mr. Grant’s with his dinner.” 
She could hear Mr. Grant’s television while she stood on his porch, the plate still warm in her hand, waiting for him to come open up the door. Every night for years, she had been bringing over dinner for him. He always acted surprised, but she knew that he relied on the food. She had seen the contents of his kitchen, some of the soup cans dating back thirty years. She doubled up the portion, knowing he would save half of it for the lunch the following day.  
“Mr. Grant,” she called, ringing the doorbell this time. He was probably asleep in front of the evening news. She bent to feel around for the key from under the bronze frog by his doormat.
“Mr. Grant,” she called again as she opened the door and went into the living room. “Mr. Grant,” she said softly when she reached him, his feet propped up, a blanket she gave him last Christmas over his legs. She knelt down beside him and touched his hand gently in order to wake him. But his hand was ice cold. His face was slack jawed, and had relaxed into such a state that she almost didn't recognize him. “Oh, Mr. Grant,” she said, her eyes welling, even though she had known this day would come. 
She smoothed his hair and kissed his forehead, not knowing what else to do. If this were a movie, she would close his eyes for him, but they were already closed, and she took this to mean he must have died in his sleep. Peacefully, she thought, isn’t that what we all want? 
Quickly, as if there were some sense of urgency, she ran back to her house, leaving his front door open, the plate of chicken forgotten on his doorstep. She got Ben and they both went back together.
“I guess we should call 9-1-1,” Ben said.
“But it isn’t an emergency. We’ll just tie up the lines for no reason.”
“Well, what the hell do you suggest?” Ben asked, going into the kitchen as if being close to Mr. Grant was not a good idea.
“Oh, just call 9-1-1,” Willow said, pointing toward the rotary avocado colored phone on the counter.
“Being that that’s what you’re supposed to do,” Ben said, moving toward the phone. “This thing is ancient. I bet he was renting it from the phone company. What a rip off.”
Just be quiet, Willow thought, pacing back and forth. She listened as he reported Mr. Grant’s death. “They’ll be here in a bit,” he said, getting off the phone. “We’d better go check on the kids.”
“But Mr. Grant,” Willow said.
“What? He’s not going anywhere.”
“Just go,” Willow said, waving him off. “I’m going to wait with him.” 
After Ben left, Willow sat by Mr. Grant, but it felt strange, not being able to chat with him like she used to. She wandered around the living room, looking at the books in the bookshelf. She found one on avocados, which she thought was just like Mr. Grant, being that he had so many varied interests. “You can learn anything from a book,” he used to say to Tommy, before handing him a book from his collection, carefully chosen in order to captivate Tommy’s attention.
And Tommy had become an avid reader, thanks in part to Mr. Grant’s encouragement and interest. They had developed a special relationship, Tommy and Mr. Grant. Willow didn’t want to face telling the children. Maisy, she knew, would be upset, but she would be able to process it, having known that Mr. Grant was growing old. But Tommy, she feared, would be devastated.
She heard the firemen pull up outside and she went to the door to usher them in. They asked her a few questions and then called the coroner to come get the body. Sassy, his cat, jumped onto his lap, meowing for her evening meal. Willow had forgotten all about the cat. She scooped it up, knowing it was hers now. 
She sat in the kitchen, Sassy purring in her lap after eating her stinky canned food that Willow had found in the pantry, which was empty other than the case of cat food and some old cans of soup. They watched as Mr. Grant was carried out of the house. It was the first time she had been in his house alone, without him, and she was astounded by how thin and empty the air was. 
“Let’s go home Sassy,” she said, cradling the cat like a baby and leaving the house, careful to lock up. “I hope you're nice to birds," she said.

Ben had already told the children.   
Maisy was quiet and Willow knew the tears would come later, when she was alone. Tommy was playing his drums and looking as if he hadn’t heard yet. But Willow knew better. She knew that he would scream in frustration when Mr. Grant wasn't available to borrow books from tomorrow. She would have to explain his death over and over again. It reminded her of when her grandfather died and she had to tell her grandmother, who had Alzheimer’s, over and over. They had to relive the knowledge of her death, as if it were new knowledge, fresh and raw, every morning for months. 
But there was nothing wrong with Tommy’s memory; he just wasn’t able to fully understand death yet. Willow wondered if maybe she should have let Tommy see the body before they took it away. That would have made it more of a substantive experience. 
“We should take them to the funeral,” Willow said.
“Of course,” Ben says. 
“We need to see Tommy watch them put the coffin in the ground. So he understands. Like we let him watch us bury Goldilocks.”

The service was on a Saturday. Following Mr. Grant's wishes, he was cremated and his ashes remained, sitting in an urn under the oak tree overlooking the ocean. 
“Are they going to scatter the ashes?” Maisy asked, squinting her eyes as she gazed toward the ocean. She looked so grown up in her charcoal gray dress. Willow knew she was worried about the ashes blowing back toward them in the ocean breeze.
“I don’t think so,” Willow whispered. “I think there are weird laws about that. We’ll just have to wait and see.”
It was a fairly small group gathered on the cliff. There was an elderly woman who Willow knew was Mr. Grant’s sister from up north. She was with a few younger people who must have been her family and friends. And some of the neighbors from Willow's street had come. 
Willow found herself listening to the man whom she had mistaken as a preacher. But the service had no religious overtones, which didn’t surprise Willow, being that Mr. Grant had been so set in his agnostic ways. Which, truth be told, even though Ben’s family was Catholic, suited Willow just fine. She had been telling Ben’s parents she just didn’t have the time for religion and that Tommy wouldn’t sit through mass anyway. But in reality, she knew it was something deeper than that. She longed for a spiritual connection, free from the constraints of organized religion. 
“And so,” the man said, smiling at everyone, “he lived the life he chose. It may not have been glamorous.” Willow heard Ben hide a low chuckle, “but it was a life filled with his extended family, the people he loved most, and the animals and plants he loved dearly.”
Willow was surprised when the man mentioned Sassy, and she didn’t remember many houseplants, but this man probably just didn’t know him very well and was searching for things to say. 
“He wanted you to take this up to the ranch,” the man in the suit said, approaching her. She thought he must have mistaken her for someone else.
“Oh, I’m not family. We were just neighbors.” 
The breeze picked up and Tommy started flapping his arms, his face raised to the sunlight to experience the feeling of the misty air coming up off of the water from down below. Willow gave Maisy the look that meant “look after him please,” so she didn't have to worry about him getting too close to the cliff’s edge. 
Maisy rolled her eyes, but held her hand out for Tommy and they walked toward the tree. “We’ll look for caterpillars,” she said. 
The man was still standing there, smiling at Ben and Willow. 
“He didn’t have family,” he says. “Well, I take that back. He considered you his family.  And of course the families that helped out at the ranch.”
"What about his sister?" Willow asked, nodding to the small group consoling Mary. 
"Oh, she's well off. She told him to find someone who could use the land. She would have considered it another burden."
“What land?” Ben asked.
“It looks like we should start at the beginning,” the man said. “I’m William. Mr Grant’s estate manager. He hired me about five years ago. He knew he wasn’t getting any younger, and when he stopped being able to drive he moved into the house next door to you full time. He wanted to make sure things were in order for you.” 
Willow reached out to take the urn that William was still holding out to her. “The ranch? That was his?” Willow asked, her hands shaking a bit. Ben carefully took the urn from her so she wouldn't drop it. "We've been out there a few times. The kids love it. I love it."
“It’s been quite a day,” William said, looking at his watch. “I have a lunch meeting, and then do you want to swing by my office around 2:00?” He handed Willow his business card and she noted that the office wasn't far from where they were right now. “Don’t worry, we’ll get this all sorted out. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to go talk to some of his workers. Do you think you’ll be keeping them on?”
Willow and Ben couldn't help but just stare at him in shock. William laughed. “I’m getting ahead of myself. I’ll see you at the office in a few hours.”

They waited at a distance for the people under the oak tree to disperse. 
“What is going on?” Ben asked her. 
“Did we just inherit a ranch?” Willow asked. 
“It’s probably some dilapidated nightmare, more riddled with termites than his house.”
Willow just shook her head, overwhelmed with the possibilities. Ben hadn't seen it, always being too busy to accompany them. He had no idea.
“His office is just down the street,” she said, “there’s no need to go home. We may as well wait here.”
“I’m starving,” Ben said.
“Of course you are.” Willow herself, felt as though she may vomit. “What are we going to do with the kids?”
“They’ll be fine in the meeting,” Ben said. 
They stood in silence for a moment and watched the kids. Tommy was gathering up caterpillars and Maisy was making a home out of leaves and twigs for the little fuzzy creatures. 
“I’ll go get burgers,” Ben said. 
Willow shrugged, and realized her feet were killing her. She slid out of her seldom worn black heels and sunk her bare feet into the grass. “Get me onion rings,” she said, changing her mind about eating when she felt the cool grass under her toes. “I’ll wait here.” Ben handed her the urn and she amended, “Mr. Grant and I will wait here.”

“Think of it as an adventure,” Willow said as the four of them opened the door and stepped into the office. She was trying to convince herself, trying to calm her nerves.
“It can’t be bad,” Ben said.
“Tommy,” she said, touching him on the shoulder, “don’t touch.” He looked at her and lowered his hand from his face where he was picking at a pimple on his cheek. Gently, Willow wiped the trickle of blood away with her thumb.
“We don’t have to change anything,” Ben said, putting his hand on her shoulder. It was firm and warm and she took comfort in the grounding affect that the simple gesture had. She usually didn't like change, especially after having had Tommy and rearranging her life to be as consistent as possible. But she felt different now, and through her grief over losing Mr. Grant, she could see how things may be aligning just as they should.
Just as Ben sat down in the empty lobby, and Willow figured the receptionist must be on a break, William opened his office door, smiled warmly and motioned them in.
“Mr. Grant has told me all about you,” he said, pulling extra chairs into the office and waiting while they all took a seat across from him. Tommy started picking at his zit again and Willow chose to ignore it. 
“So,” William said, beaming at them, his hands folded in front of him. “Mr. Grant has left you his ranch. It is on 250 acres and has a spectacular view of the ocean.” 
“Where is it?” Ben asked, even though Willow had told him about it every time she had gone up there with the kids.
“Just up the road a bit,” Willow answered.
“It’s here in town? Did you know about this?” Ben asked, turning to stare at Willow.
Willow numb, shook her head no and cleared her throat. “I mean, we've been there, you know that. I just didn't know it was his. Why did Mr. Grant keep this from us? What about his sister?”
“His sister agreed with Bob, or Mr. Grant as you call him, that she didn’t need the money. Uh, not that you do, it’s just that Mary really didn’t need the money, and she didn’t want the ranch. He actually grew up on the ranch. The crops changed over the years, but the land always remained in the family. It was almonds for a while, and then olives, there are still some olive trees. Now it’s mostly avocados, which bring in quite a profit.”
“But why did he live in that little house?” Ben asked. 
“As he got older, he just didn’t have the energy to keep up with that huge old place. And he liked the safety of living in a neighborhood. Also, his wife died on the ranch. Personally, I don't think he liked the idea of being there without family. But that's what you all were to him. He had renters in the neighborhood house until I guess five or six years ago, and when they moved out, he decided it was time for him to slow down, so he moved in.”
“But I would have been so much better if I had known,” Willow said. 
“Known that you stood to inherit so much?” William asked.
“Of course not,” Willow said. “If I had known that he had made the choice to stay in the neighborhood because of us. We could have had him over more. I don’t know.”
William laughed and stood up. “Nope. I’d say you did plenty. He considered you family. Now,” he said, rubbing his hands together excitedly, “you ready to go check it out?” 

Maisy, who remained quiet during the short meeting, asked if she could have a horse as they followed William’s red sports car down the freeway. 
 “No, you can’t have a horse. What are you talking about?” Willow asked, craning her neck to look at Maisy. Tommy was playing with his gameboy, but when they got off the freeway he looked out the window.
“Mr. Grant,” he said.
“Yes," Maisy said patiently, "we’re going to see Mr. Grant’s ranch. Isn’t that cool?” Tommy continued to look out the window. 
 “Look,” Willow pointed to the green hills, dotted with orange poppies as they wound their way higher and higher. Willow tried to see it from Ben's perspective, seeing it for the first time. William pulled over next to the immense gate, made from what looked like logs from the old pier. 
They went up the dirt road that was flanked on one side by the gorgeous view of the Pacific, and on the other side, unkempt grass, the height of the car. And then they reached the sprawling single story Spanish style house. 
“It’s huge,” Ben said, stepping out of the car to get a better look.
Willow took in the broken Spanish tiles on the roof, the overgrown shrubs, the stucco walls that were cracked and mildewing from the ground up. She had never noticed them before, not when she thought it was someone else's house.
Maisy ran up to the house. “Can we go inside?” she asked William, who nodded, fumbling in his pocket for a key. Willow started up the stairs to go inside with them but turned to see Tommy still staring out at the ocean. 
“Tommy,” she called, knowing she would have to go get him. She walked up to him, touched him on the shoulder, anxious to go inside and see the house. He turned to look at her and saw the others going into the house. 
He brushed past her, intent on going inside, something none of them had done before. Quietly, she followed him up the steps and into the house. She could hear the lawyer talking to Ben and Maisy as they explored. Tommy went down a hallway, the saltillo tile gleaming, the doorways arched, with heavy pine doors. Willow popped her head into the first doorway and noted how large the room was. She opend the closet and saw a shirt that she knew belonged to Mr. Grant. It was a plaid of blues and greens, the kind he had worn for years. She heard a thud and realized she had lost sight of Tommy. She found him several doors down, and saw that his shoes were no longer on his feet, which explained the thud from when he took them off and dropped them to the floor.
He was sitting at the desk in front of the window that opened to the immense view of the Pacific. His sketchpad that he always carried with him, the pad that had replaced his security blanket, lay open on the desk with one word written on it. “Home,” it said. 
“Do you know how much we could get for this place?” Ben called down the hallway, his shoes making a hollow noise on the tile. “There you are,” he said, peeking into the room. His eyes were lit with the excitement that comes from the money that he was already counting. The years of anxiety and stress about how they would pay for Tommy's treatments and therapies were erased with the security that only a large amount of money could buy.
Willow turned to him, her hand covering her throat protectively, like she did when she knew that words would fail her, and she simply shook her head no. 



An open door

“I don’t think you know what you’re talking about,” Ben said that night as they got ready for bed. It was late, and they had hashed it out over dinner, over the dishes, and over getting the kids moving in the direction of bed. Willow had done the dishes while Ben dried, her silence heavy enough to scare Maisy toward her room without an argument. “Play your new song on the drums for me?” Maisy had asked Tommy as they retreated out of the kitchen.
“I don’t know what I’m talking about?” Willow hissed. “That’s hysterical. Actually, this is the first time I’ve had no doubt about what I want. I’m certain. So certain, that you can either do it with me, or opt out. Your choice.”
“Oh, that’s great. Some team we are. Since when are you the leader, making the decisions?”
“When things are important to you, I let you decide. This is important to me.” Willow put lotion on her hands, as she did every evening, rubbing it in more vigorously than necessary.
“This is an unknown,” Ben said, calming his voice in order to restore order. “If we start a home for kids with autism we don’t know who would come.”
“Ha! We’d be turning people away.”
“Have you thought about the legalities? The liabilities? The insurance we would need?”
Willow waved her hand, pushing the words out of her way. 
“But if we sold the place,” Ben said, staring hard at her like he did when he is making a point, “we would have enough to care for Tommy for the rest of his life. No matter what happened to us. And Maisy could go to a good school. You can’t just throw that away, that security, that certainty.”
“But that isn’t what we’re supposed to do,” Willow said, climbing into bed, her voice softening. She was tired, she realized, and needed to sleep. But she wouldn't give up; she’d just continue the argument in the morning. “I have a certainty about that. That we’re supposed to have a home there. Shit,” she said when she heard Tommy crying. 
“I’ll go,” Ben said, eager, Willow knew, to get away from her. She wasn't vehement about things very often, but they both know that when she was, she didn't back down. Ben knew it was just a matter of time before he got dragged into what was his idea of a huge mess. Before he left the room he looked at her pointedly, “A huge check, deposited right into our account. Nothing would change, except we wouldn’t have to worry anymore. Isn’t that what you’ve always wanted?” 
Willow nodded, her eyes welling with tears, wanting to be understood, but knowing he was rightly confused. 
"I know that's what I've always wanted. But this is about living differently. Actually making a difference, you know? It isn't about the end result as much as the journey."
"Do you know how much work your journey is going to entail?" Ben asked, and Willow, exasperated threw her hands up and flopped back on her pillows.
Tommy’s crying was getting louder and Ben left with a sigh of irritation Willow couldn't explain the feeling she had, but she knew she must honor it. She sat, leaning against the pillows, the light on, waiting for Ben to come back to bed. But the crying continued and she finally gave up, swung her feet over the side of the bed into her slippers and padded down the hallway. Maisy was sitting on one side of Tommy, Ben on the other. They were rubbing his back, talking to him in soothing tones. But he was sobbing and pounding his fists into his knees.
Willow knelt in front of him and firmly held his hands. “Are you hurting?” she asked. But she could tell by the level of his controlled frustration that this wasn't a physical situation.
“Home,” he said. 
“You are home buddy. And it’s bed time,” Ben said. 
“No!” Tommy yelled. He threw himself backwards onto his bed to get away from their words and hands, meant to be soothing, but claustrophobic inducing. Willow didn’t tell anyone what Tommy had written on his notepad. She didn’t want Ben to think she wanted to run a home for autistic children simply because Tommy wanted to live on Mr. Grant’s property. It was so much more than that. She felt like her whole life had been moving in this direction, but she hadn’t had the map or the tools until today. 
“I’ll sit with him for a while,” Willow said, giving Maisy and Ben the go ahead to leave. He was sitting with his back against his headboard, a pillow gripped tightly in his lap. Willow knew that with one misspoken word, his head would start beating against the bed. She knew on some level that this behavior was based in frustration and the repetitive motion was soothing to him even though he was hurting himself at the same time. But she couldn't help but feel it as punishment for her not knowing what to say or do. She couldn't help but feel the pain when he hurt himself.
So she chose her words carefully. “Home?” she asked, touching his shoulder at the same time. “Home?”
She had his attention now, and he nodded. “Go home,” he said.
“I want to go there too. I think it would be a good home,” she said. She didn't say that it wasn't their home yet, or that they were in their home now. The concept of then and now were too hard for Tommy. “Let’s get ready,” she said. She went to his suitcase and opened it onto the bed. “We need to get ready so we can go.”
Tommy hopped up and went to his desk. He put his notepad in with several pencils. Then he got his favorite jeans and t-shirts out. “We’ll leave tonight,” Willow said, knowing that he’d throw another tantrum if she said anything else. But she also knew he didn't like to go anywhere in the car when it was dark.
He looked outside at the dark side yard and looked at her, his brow furrowed with growing worry.
“Or we could go in the morning,” she said, smoothing his brow with her hand.
Satisfied, he nodded and went back to filling his suitcase. When it was full, she helped him latch it and they put it by the door. He went to his bookshelf and picked an old favorite out, something about a frog and a ship that Willow hadn't read. 
“Bed soon,” Willow said, holding the sheets back as he climbed in. She kissed his forehead even though he was already engrossed in his book. Maisy’s light was still on and Willow found her in bed, her i-pod in her ears while she read a book and Instant Messaged a friend from her laptop. 
“You want your phone so you can text someone?”
Without missing a beat, Maisy pointed to her phone, which was at the ready on her bedside table. Willow laughed and pushed Maisy’s legs over a bit so she could sit down. Maisy pulled the ear buds out of her ears and closed her laptop. “What’s up?” she asked.
“I don’t know,” Willow said. “What’s up with you?”
“Seriously, if we move out there can I get a horse?”
Willow laughed in spite of her exhaustion. “I think we’re going to have to take it one day at a time. Besides, horses are a lot of work.”
“Maybe a goat? Then you wouldn’t have to mow the lawn that slopes down that hill.”
“Very practical of you,” Willow said. “I’ll go work on your father.”
“Gross. TMI Mom.”
Willow laughed again and slapped Maisy’s leg. “You know that isn’t what I meant. Get some sleep.”
“Love you Mom,” she said, putting her ear buds back in her ears. 
“Not too loud," Willow said, and then mouthed, "Love you too hon,” before she kissed her forehead and left the room.

Ben was already asleep when Willow climbed into bed beside him. Anger rose in her, charging her body, making her want to throw her head back and scream. How could he possibly sleep at a time like this? When they needed to figure out the rest of their lives. She threw her body back out of bed, hoping the movement would awaken him, and when that didn't work, she left the room, closing the door as loudly as she dared, just short of a slam. 
She made herself some chamomile tea and sat on the couch to look out the window. The street was quiet, houses dim, the only light coming from the streetlight across the street that was always on the fritz. She swore she could hear the annoying hum as it struggled to stay lit. Something white ran in between the trash can across the street. A cat, she thought, or maybe an opossum. In spite of herself, she smiled; warming her hands on her mug, remembering the time Goldilocks went outside in the middle of the night and ended up barking. Willow had gone out into the backyard to see what was going on, to find the dog barking at the grill. Eyes, bleary with sleep, she had opened the lid to reassure Goldilocks that there was nothing there. But an opossum had been sitting there, and it hissed at them, causing Goldilocks to lunge after it, and Willow to jump in fright. 
“Such a fierce little creature,” she said later to Ben, wondering why the hell she had been exploring the backyard in the middle of the night, rather than him.
“You should have woken me up,” he said. “What if it had been a prowler?”
But she had just shrugged, thinking that if she lived her life with “what if’s” she would be immobilized with fear, unable to make a choice or a movement of any kind, in any direction. Which brought her back to her longing to set up the ranch as a home for kids with autism. She reached for the phone, calling her mother even though she knew she would wake her up.
“Sorry to wake you Mom,” she said when her mom picked up, dropped the phone, swore, and put it back to her ear.
"S'ok," she said. “Is everything ok?”
Willow sighed. “Yeah. I just can’t sleep.”
“Oh. Well are you sure something’s not bothering you?” Jane asked, knowing that of course Willow had called for a reason.
Willow took a sip from her tea. The stupid light in the street was giving her a migraine. Why couldn't it just decide whether or not it wanted to shine or not? She drew the curtain closed and sat back down on the couch.
“What’s the latest? Is Tommy ok? It isn’t Maisy is it? Is she running around with the wrong crowd? That girl is so pretty. I worry about her. But she’s smart…”
“Mom. Stop. You know how Mr. Grant died?”
“Oh honey. Yes. But these things happen.”
“Mom. He left us a huge ranch.”
“Really? What kind of ranch?”
“There are llamas. And avocados. And the house, mom, you should see the house. The word house is a disservice. It must have 12 bedrooms, I think 8 bathrooms. A Spanish style villa. With a view of the ocean. And there are outbuildings. Like cabins where the help stays. Most of them are empty, but there were a few families who stayed on. I don’t think they have anywhere else to go.”
“Well, they’ll be ok. You didn’t inherit them too. Did you talk to a realtor yet to see what the place is worth?”
“That’s just it. I don’t want to sell it. I want to turn it into a home for teens and young adults with autism.”
“Sounds like a lot of work,” Jane said, an edge of warning in her voice.
“I know,” Willow said, shoving her feet under the plaid throw she kept on the couch. “It just feels right, you know? Like that time I wanted to go to the pound even though there weren’t any dogs online that were listed that would be good family dogs. But then when I got there, they had just brought in Goldilocks. Remember? She was such a cute puppy.”
“Running a ranch with a group of autistic youths is a little different than adopting a puppy Willow.”
“I know that. Never mind.”
“What does Ben think?”
“Same thing as you. That it is too much, that it would be too hard. Blah, blah, blah. I’m tired of people telling me I can’t do something. Why can’t I?”
“Oh, darling. You can do whatever you set your mind to. We just don’t want you to bite off too much. And this isn’t just about you. You’d be dragging your whole family into it.”
“What would you do though? I mean, what do you do if you knew in your heart that something was right?”
“Well,” Jane said slowly, “it usually takes me a while. I like to just feel the water, so to speak. Make sure I can handle the temperature.”
“Yeah,” Willow said, running her hands through her hair. “I think that sounds painful. And like you said, life is short. I’m going to jump in. Both feet. Maybe even head first. Yep,” Willow said, strength returning to her body as she made up her mind, “I’m just going to do it.”
“There you go then,” Jane said, trying to hide the doubt in her voice. “There you have it. Call me if you need anything. You know I’ll be there for you. Except for sheets. I'm not going to wash all of those sheets. And bathrooms. Or windows. Oh honey, are you sure?”
Willow sighed, "it'll be fine Mom. Get some sleep, ok? And don’t stay up all night worrying?”
“I won’t,” Jane said. But Willow could tell from her tone that that was exactly what she would do. And she was sorry to have passed on the worry, but she felt so free now. And she felt an optimism. An excitement to greet the new day that she hadn't felt for years. She was going to need her energy, she realized, if she was going to pull this off. She dumped her remaining tea down the drain, and went to bed.

Tommy wasn't in his room when she went to wake him. And he wasn't in the bathroom. Panic began to rise as she ran out to the kitchen calling his name. Maisy and Ben were already eating cereal, Maisy with a textbook in front of her, Ben with his paper. 
“He’s still sleeping,” Maisy said. “I haven’t heard a peep from him.”
“He isn’t there,” Willow said which got both Maisy and Ben instantly to their feet. 
“You take the backyard,” Ben said to Maisy, “we’ll go in the front.”
Ben burst into the front yard and looked down the street. “He isn’t a runner. Where do you think he would have gone?”
Out of the corner of her eye, Willow saw a movement in their minivan which was parked in the driveway.
“He’s here,” Willow said, walking over to the car. She opened the door to find him strapped in, his suitcase by his side.
“Home,” he said. He pointed to the driving wheel and held a hand out to her. He wanted her to get in and drive him to the ranch.
“Hey Bud. It’s a school day. What are you doing out here?” Ben saw the suitcase and gave Willow a questioning glance. 
“He wants to go to the ranch,” Willow said.
“Home,” Tommy said again. 
“Will you take Maisy to school in your car? I’ll take care of this. Maisy!” Willow called, “we found him.”

Willow waited, sitting on the floor of the car, the door open, her feet dangling onto the gravel, and waved goodbye to Ben and Maisy as they drove away.
“You ready for a ride?” she asked Tommy, who nodded and took a stale cracker from the pouch on the back of the driver’s seat and munched on it. “I’ll go get my purse. Stay here.”

Tommy was quiet on their drive out to the ranch. He was happy, Willow knew, because he knew where he was going. She wanted to stop and grab a coffee somewhere, but knew that the jolt of caffeine that her body longed for, wouldn't be worth the potential upset it might cause. He no longer screamed the way he once had, but she knew it was still difficult for him to control his anxiety. 
“Shit,” she said. “I forgot to call your school.” She reached for her cell phone and punched the “1” that the school number was set for on speed dial, then she punched the speaker mode. She waited for the annoyingly long message about how to declare that her child was absent. She realized she had no idea what the date was. But she thought they would should know at the school. Why did she have to figure it out? And what was wrong with Tommy? Should she say he was ill? Ill with what? Didn't she only have to give them a good reason so they got paid for the day? Why couldn't she just tell the truth? That he was autistic and that he would scream all day if she even managed to physically get him to school? That he had his own agenda and that she was indulging him, because it happened to fit in with her own?
“Yeah, hi, uh, this is Willow. Tommy’s mom. Willow Pruitt. Tommy’s not coming in today. He’s sick. I mean, he isn’t feeling well.” Willow remembered how her mom used to always correct her that sick meant mentally ill, that mad meant crazy and that ill meant not feeling well. And that when someone was finished, they weren’t done. Only a roast was done. “I don’t know what the date is,” Willow said, this small fact seemingly somehow defeating. “Call me on my cell if you have any questions. The number is…” Willow racked her brain for her cell number. She never called it. Why would she know it? She usually knew it though. She was just feeling very off today. “Just use your caller id to call me if you need to. Or look it up,” she said, knowing she sounded mad, or angry, or honestly, mad, as in crazy. 
She snapped the phone shut and threw it on the passenger seat, disgusted with herself. Those office ladies were going to have some fun with that message, she thought. She knew that to add to the effect of the discombobulated message, they’d hear Tommy in the background chanting “shit.”
“Shit,” he said again, kicking her seat.
“My thoughts exactly,” she replied.
They had already begun climbing the hill to the ranch, and the ocean glimmered on their right. She drove slowly, taking in the view, surveying the land. Her land, she thought, with a feeling of pride. “Almost there,” she said as they pulled under the sign for Grant’s ranch. She’d probably want to change the sign eventually, Mr. Grant would want them to, but to what, she had no idea. Something that connoted a feeling of warmth and comfort. Something that said "home." 
“Can you believe that Mr. Grant’s place is now our place?” she asked Tommy as she slid the door open for him and waited for him to get out of the seat. And she knew she had the name when Tommy repeated it. 
“Our place,” he said, and walked toward the front door.

They took their time, walking the grounds. They had all day, not having to get back home until four o’clock when Maisy got off of the bus. Willow saw a Hispanic man tending to the llamas. He looked at her hesitantly and Willow read his thoughts.
“We’re not going to sell,” Willow reassured him. “I’ll need you to stay on.”
He smiled brightly, and reached for Tommy’s hand which he placed over the soft nuzzle of one of the smaller llamas. 
“I am like their papa,” the man said to Tommy. “This one here is named Sophia. She is a real lady. 
Tommy nodded and Willow didn't see the point in telling the man that the two had already met.
“I’m Willow,” Willow said, holding her hand out to introduce herself while Tommy gently pet Sophia. 
“Billy,” the man said. “You come for lunch,” he said, looking at his watch. “We’re in the third cabin from the house. I’ll tell my wife to make extra.”
Willow was about to protest, but then she and Billy both noticed Tommy, who had climbed up onto the fence and put his forehead against Sophia's.
“It’s ok,” he said. “Everything will be ok now.”
Willow nodded, wondering if the man was a shaman or something. She looked up into his eyes, his skin crinkling from years in the sun, and realized that he was talking about himself too. He had spent the last few days worrying about the llamas, about his wife, and how they would make a living. She read this all in his reassuringly friendly eyes. “Yes,” she said, breathing deeply of the air, scented of hay and grass and miniscule drops of ocean water. “Everything will be ok.”

They had fresh fish tacos for lunch, made by Billy’s wife Lori.
“Lori and I grew up on this land,” Billy said. “Her family worked the orchards, mine the animals. We used to have horses,” he said wistfully, and Willow automatically knew there would be horses in Maisy's future.
“It was love at first sight,” said Lori, filling Willow’s glass with more iced tea. The cabin was small, but comfortable. They had a large bed, a working bathroom and small kitchen. The windows were open to the ocean breeze. 
“Maybe not!” Billy says. “You were too young. She was just a girl who hung out around the animals, a pest herself. Until one day I realized,” Billy’s face blushed, his cheeks going from coffee to crimson. 
“I wasn’t a girl anymore,” Lori finished for him. “And I had eyes for this gentle man who had such a way with the llamas. I knew he would be a wonderful father.”
Not meaning to, Willow glanced at their bed, looking around for evidence of children.
“Oh, we weren't able to have children,” Lori said. “Just wasn’t in the cards.”
“That’s why this place is so important to us,” Billy said, a note of pleading in his voice.
Willow nodded, watching Tommy eat more of the best guacamole they’d ever had. “I think we’ll call it, "our place,” Willow said.
“We can stay?” Lori asked, looking from Billy to Willow.
Willow nodded, her mouth full. “I’m so sorry,” she said, wiping her mouth with a napkin. “I thought you understood. Of course. And your family, they are still here, with the orchard?”
Lori nodded, hope in her eyes. 
“They can stay too.”
“There are eight, including the two of us. My sister, her son and husband. My parents and my grandmother. The rest of the workers are more seasonal.”
“Twelve people,” Tommy said. “Twelve llamas.” He nodded, as if this made perfect sense and then he continued eating.
Willow thought that he had miscounted but then realized that he had counted himself, Maisy, Ben and Willow into the equation. 
“Our place,” Billy said. “Mr. Grant would like the sound of that.”
“More guacamole?” Lori asked Willow as she scraped her plate clean.
Willow nodded feeling greedy, but enjoying being cared for too much to stop herself. “You are an excellent cook Lori.”
“Wait til you try her enchiladas,” Billy said. “And don’t even get me started on her carne asada.” Billy rubbed his stomach appreciatively.
Willow was already putting a menu together in her head. One that included gluten free, casein free tacos. She was sure Lori could figure it out. Here, with her belly full, in the cabin on the cliff, she felt that anything could be done. 



Settling in

“We’ll celebrate Christmas there,” Willow said to Ben as they sorted through boxes in the garage.
“Being that Christmas is in a few weeks, and we’re moving this weekend, I think that would be wise.” Ben made a show out of dusting off a box full of the remnants of Willow’s old hobbies. Aromatherapy, stained glass, knitting. She had tried a lot of things, but nothing ever stuck. And then Tommy was born and her free time evaporated. 
“That isn’t what I meant. We’ll have Christmas, just us, and then we’ll worry about finding residents afterward. I just want a while to settle in.”
“Mom! Where are my socks?” Maisy asked, poking her head into the garage. 
“Are you kidding? How would I know?” Willow asked, surveying the boxes. They were just about ready. “Throw some sandals on and go get the U-haul with your dad. It’s time to get going.”
“Do I have to?”
“Nope,” Ben said, eager to go get the truck. “You can stay here and help your mother clean up.” 
Maisy disappeared in search of her sandals. 
“You going to miss this place?” Ben asked. 
Willow shook her head, shrugged and looked around. “It’s time. You know?” She swept the center of the garage which Ben had cleared of boxes. It was spotless now, like the rest of the house. Ben stood quietly and watched. “You still think we might be making a mistake?” Willow stopped, feeling his uneasiness, thinking, ‘it’s too late now.’
“No. I’m just worried about you. I’ll still have my job. You’re biting off quite a lot.”
“I’ll be fine,” Willow said. 
“Let’s go,” Maisy called as she climbed into the passenger seat of the car in the driveway. She said it as if she’s been waiting for Ben, rather than the other way around.
Ben kissed Willow, wiped a smudge of dust from her cheek. When he was gone, she took a deep breath and looked around. For a moment, she thought maybe he was right, maybe she had jumped into something without looking at all of the variables. In fact, she knew she had done this, but she had followed her instinct, and she hoped she was right. 
In the center of the cement, on the floor that was just clean of any dirt and debris, she saw a bright new shiny penny. It was the kind of penny that Mr. Grant used to purposefully leave on his driveway for Maisy to find when she was little, when lucky pennies still made her day. 
It was a sign, she knew, that she was on the right path. “Thanks Mr. Grant,” she said out loud. The sound of Tommy playing on his drums stopped, and she quickly went inside to see what he was doing.

The fog, uncharacteristic for this time of year, was a thick wet blanket that kept the ocean from view. They pulled up the hill to where the house sat, as if on an island, surrounded by the mist. 
“Llamas,” Tommy said, getting out of the car that Willow had pulled up behind the U-haul.
“Go ahead,” she called after him, and nodded to Maisy, giving her assent to join him. “Just come back in a minute so you can help out with the boxes.”
“Let them play,” Ben said, pulling Willow hip to hip with him as they looked out at the fog below them.
“It’s like we’re in a bubble,” he said. “In our own little world.”
“Our place,” Willow says. 
“Good, you haven’t changed the name.”
“Why good?” Willow asked, knowing he had something up his sleeve.
“You’ll see,” Ben said. “You think we can unload the cooler first? I’m starving.”
Willow, knowing he would say that, had put the cooler in her trunk for easy access. She retrieved it, replete with champagne. “We’ll have to use the plastic cups,” she said, “or I could run in and find some crystal.”
Ben shook his head and uncorked the bottle. “I’m proud of you,” he said, raising his glass.
Willow laughed. “For what?”
“For not giving up. For finding a way. Even if that meant getting me to go along with you.”
“It’s going to be ok isn’t it?” Willow asked, the sun above the fog illuminating her blue eyes.
“We’re together. How could it be anything else other than ok?”
“Hurry up and drink that before Maisy and Tommy turn up, wanting to know why we’re drinking at 11:00 in the morning.” Willow sat on the blanket she had laid out on the grass near the cypress tree. She would put a bench here, she decided, thinking it was the perfect spot, with a view of the house and the orchard. She could even see the bright clothing of the kids in the distance, talking to Billy while they pet the llamas.
She thought about the work she would have to do to get the house in order. It was overwhelming, and her stomach turned a bit, she was so intimidated by how many steps were in the way between today and a working house for autistic teens. 
Ben, as if reading her mind, but more likely, understanding the tone of her sigh, said “one thing at a time. One day at a time. I’ll help. Don’t worry.”
Willow nodded, resolving to be strong, resolving to do this correctly and not let fear hold her back. She would look into licenses and laws and loans. She knew there would be pitfalls and tears. But she also knew that the biggest worry she had ever had, what would happen to Tommy when he was an adult, was now tempered with hope. They had a place, and finally, Willow could envision a world full of possibilities. 


###############################################################


Wren Schwind is a mother of two, one with autism. She has made it her life's work to research and help disseminate information about autism. Wren has consulted hundreds of families upon diagnosis regarding available therapy, tutoring techniques and dietary strategies. She regularly attends autism conferences and also gives lectures on the importance of visual aides. Her son attended the prestigious UCLA's Early Childhood Partial Hospitalization program for children with autism. She currently resides in Southern California with her family.


Genia Stemper has a degree in journalism. She writes educational material for Remedia and has written copy for radio, magazine and television and worked in public relations. Currently, she resides in Southern California with her teenage son and daughter and her husband, who directs for a nationally syndicated television program.

Genia has written several other novels and you can find her work at Genia's Books
Also, feel free to email with comments, questions, etc. to geniasmail@aol.com.
Thank you!

