

This Guy
By James Lewelling

Published by James Lewelling at Smashwords
 
Copyright 2011 James Lewelling
 Short fiction adapted from this novel has appeared as “Everything
Included” in Word Riot and as “Chicken”
in The Evergreen Review.

Table of Contents
Part I
Part II
Part III
About the Author
 
His Sundays were difficult to get through.
---Of Human Bondage, Somerset Maugham
I
It was the very next morning that this guy conceived of his evil scheme to get even with this other guy (Ned). Though complicated—involving multiple phases and elaborate preparations for each phase—there it was the very moment he woke up, all worked out in his head, glinting in the darkness behind his eyelids like a metallic, freshly-oiled, spring-driven device.
Lying there in his boxers on the mattress in the shitty little room, this guy knew before he had even opened up his eyes that this was going to be a truly unusual Sunday.
 (Just to give you an idea--normally on a Sunday, this guy would remain lying on his mattress (or occasionally crawl over to slouch at the table by the window, or more often, roll onto the floor to lie flat on his face) for as long as he could stand it, procrastinating the simple acts of bathing, dressing, and eating in a futile bid to avoid acknowledging the day had begun at all. In fact on the previous Sunday, he had managed it—not setting foot to floor for the entire twenty-four Sunday hours—to rise on Monday and go to his shitty job at the normal time just as if Sunday simply hadn’t happened—a perfect wash).
But on this Sunday—the Sunday on which he had conceived of his evil scheme to get even with Ned, this guy rolled right off his mattress, hopped (literally “hopped”) over to the bathroom where he brushed his teeth (vigorously), shaved, showered and toweled off without pausing between tasks or even lingering in the shower until the water got cold.
What’s more, he jumped naked right into the closet without giving the matter a second thought, dragged the full length mirror out of the back (he had removed it from the sliding door shortly after he first moved in) propped it against the wall, jumped back into the closet and rummaged around until he had obtained a complete set of the cleanest clothes he could find (black polyester pants, blue blazer, white button down shirt—a combination of his work and interview clothes; he even considered putting on his interview tie but somehow chicken grease had gotten all over the end of it) which he donned forthwith.
Examining his reflection (for the first time in quite a while), he had to admit that though the outfit lacked style (in fact, the combination of black pants and blue blazer looked a bit weird) he was pleased with the overall effect—so neat and clean, even “respectable” as if the lack of style were the result of a conscious choice rather than necessity.
He turned, giddy and fully cognizant of how portentously the morning had begun (even if he were to call it quits here, return to his mattress and lie there for the rest of the day, inert in his clean clothes, he would be able to do so in the glow of what had already turned out to be a truly great Sunday) and grabbed his keys and wallet from a pair of pants crumpled up beside the mattress, scrupulously transferred them to the pockets of the pants he was wearing, patted the thigh pocket to hear the keys jingle (he didn’t want to get locked out), strode over to the front door, opened it, and stepped out into the hallway.
I’d be careful of that, said Ned, who happened to be stepping out at the same time. You were whistling just now, and you probably didn’t even know it. You ought to watch that. I know what I’m talking about. Ned was dressed in a green jumpsuit with white rubber boots that came up to his knees and holding a shiny new gardening trowel up in his right hand.
Hey! Did you see that guy yet? The specialist? About the muttering? said Ned. Probably not, huh. You probably figured a specialist like that wouldn’t be available in the middle of the night on a Saturday. I certainly wouldn’t try seeing a doctor in the middle of the night on a Saturday even if I were desperate, which I probably would be if I were like you, muttering to myself all the time without even knowing it. But it’s not exactly the kind of thing you can take to the emergency room, is it?  Get yourself locked up that way. People just don’t understand. They don’t understand problems like that. But you could’ve gotten a hold of this specialist. He’s a regular Dr. Kildare. He’s on a mission.
This guy just said, Sure, Ned. Bye. Take it easy, pulled the door closed until he heard the lock click, and brushed past Ned, heading for the steps. In truth, this guy wasn’t even listening to Ned. He was thinking about his evil scheme to get even with Ned. He was thinking: Here’s Ned, my future victim, twittering at me in the hallway, thinking he’s being friendly, thinking he’s trying to help me out. But I’m not listening to a word he says. That’s pretty rude, this guy was thinking, but compared to what I’m going to do to Ned, rude hardly counts.
Sure, said Ned, to this guy’s retreating back. But actually, today I’ve got a lot of work to do. Hey! Aren’t you even going to ask me about this trowel? But by that time, this guy had reached the bottom of the inordinately long staircase. He crossed the vestibule, resumed whistling (on purpose) and bumped out the front door into the weather.
It was an unseasonably beautiful morning, a fall day in winter.  Autumn sunshine tinted everything yellow and orange, and the air felt cool but not enough to be cold, warm with just enough bite in it to make you feel vigorous.  The big tree on the mound of dirt in the middle of the front yard had dropped the last of its leaves around itself in a little circle of orange, yellow and red in the slush. The scrawny tree wedged up against the corner of the building was an explosion. This guy picked his way across the yard briskly to avoid muddying his shoes or tripping over one of the smattering of squirrel holes, whose tops protruded here and there out of the melting slush like the peaks of little volcanoes.
So much to do, this guy thought. First, he would get a good breakfast at a diner somewhere—some real dive, where there probably wouldn’t be any other customers, so, after stuffing himself with eggs and hash browns and bacon and an English muffin—money was no object today; he would order an English muffin a la carte just like that--he could remain in the booth undisturbed for a couple of hours, sketching out the form and dimensions of his “little project.”  (That was what he was calling it now that he was out in public as if passers-bye would be able to read his thoughts). Then he would head out to a hardware store, buy all the necessary equipment and haul it back to his shitty little room where he would start work right away without any kind of delay or procrastination. With any luck, he could have the overall plan and the foundation of the physical side of the project done before lunchtime, so he would have the whole afternoon free to do what he liked.
(This last impulse indicates just how revolutionary this particular Sunday was turning out to be. On all previous Sundays (that is those spent in the shitty little room and the few (if any?) this guy could remember from the time before the shitty little room) the abundance of free time coupled with its utter superfluity—as in general, there was absolutely nothing this guy wanted to do—was precisely what made the day unendurable. But on this Sunday, hot in pursuit of his “little project,” this guy actually anticipated with pleasure a few hours of free time in the afternoon when he could in good conscience, having made satisfactory progress in the morning, set aside the responsibility he’d undertaken and just hang out, maybe, in this weather, in a park or at a sidewalk table at a local café.  Maybe he would buy a newspaper or a paperback book and sit at the table with one leg resting across his other knee as he sipped his coffee and read as he had seen other people do on more than one occasion. Maybe he would even engage in an idle chat with one of the other patrons of the café, or if he went to the park, say, a jogger resting a moment in front of the bench where this guy was reading. Maybe the chat would grow into a conversation, and the conversation would take a turn toward newly undertaken ambitions or projects and this guy could share a bit—not too much, nothing about rubber hoses and pulleys, for example—about the project he himself had just undertaken; and just maybe the passer bye—the fellow café patron or the jogger—would take an interest and offer to help. He felt perfectly certain that pretty much anybody he ran into would enthusiastically embrace the need to get even with Ned if they just heard a bit about him and the situation.
(Come to think of it, even to call the evil scheme an “evil scheme” isn’t quite right. Certainly from Ned’s point of view (if he had known about it, but he hadn’t a clue, the poor bastard) the evil scheme was an “evil scheme,” but from this guy’s point of view, given the situation and all he know about Ned, the evil scheme was much less like an “evil scheme to get even with Ned” and much more like a “noble project to save the world from Ned.” Certainly, that’s just the way he thought about it (this guy), and you can take it from me because I knew him as well as anyone else, if not better.)
But I don’t want to get ahead of myself, this guy thought as he strode along the frozen sidewalks toward a diner he had frequently passed in the neighborhood adjacent to the shitty old building where he lived. First thing, breakfast.
Unfortunately when he got to the diner, it was closed. Actually, not just closed but out of business. In fact, it must have been out of business for quite some time because all the tables in the dining room, normally visible through the big storefront window, had been removed as had the lunch counter; and the only indication that a diner had ever been there was a message scrawled in big uneven letters in wax pencil across the window that said: No eggs! Closed! Out of business! Just like that, complete with exclamation marks.
For a few moments, this guy just stood in front of the empty window, wondering what to do. This guy was a bit disappointed as on the way there, he had really gotten it into his head that this particular diner would be the perfect place to sketch out the physical side of his “noble project.” He felt it would have been perfect chiefly because a) he had never seen more than one or two customers in the place and b) the salt and pepper shakers he had frequently noticed on the tables as he passed by, squat utilitarian things with chrome tops, would serve perfectly as markers on the map he was going to draw of his plan. For example, he could put the saltshaker on one part of the map to represent himself, and put the peppershaker—identical to the saltshaker except that it had pepper in it—on a different part of the map to represent Ned.  Additionally, if he recalled correctly, these salt and peppershakers had perfectly round bases, so after he had figured out exactly where he and Ned ought to be at each critical phase of his plan—by manipulating the shakers through various configurations—he would have been able to use those very same salt and pepper shakers to trace perfect circles directly on the map.
No matter, this guy thought. If he recalled correctly, there was another diner not much different from the first—and maybe, in a way, better—just a couple of blocks up and around the corner. He’d never seen a lot of customers in this diner either and no doubt the salt and pepper shakers there would adequately serve his mapping needs as well. (Maybe not as perfectly as the salt and pepper shakers at the first diner; but that diner was out of business. What else could he do?).  He started off again.
The sun had pulled itself a bit above the horizon now and was throwing long morning shadows all over the snow. People were beginning to come out. The ice on the sidewalks had gotten slick where it had started to melt. This guy walked briskly but carefully. He didn’t want to fall on his face. (You might laugh, but this guy had to take things like that seriously. He didn’t have insurance and a little mishap (like a nose, for example, broken on a frozen sidewalk) could set him back quite a bit. Not that he’d ever broken his nose on a frozen sidewalk, but it could happen, he knew. People were breaking their noses on frozen sidewalks all over the city.)
Sure enough he made it to the second diner in one piece but unfortunately when he peered in the front window, he discovered it was not really a diner at all but more of a bakery. It was open and there were a couple of little round tables inside where you could sit and drink coffee while you ate a donut or pastry or whatever, but there were far too many people coming and going and the tables were far too small to make any kind of a map on; and besides, this guy, standing with his nose just inches from the window and craning his neck to look past some old guy sitting at the table in front, couldn’t see even a single salt or pepper shaker anywhere.
(In truth, this guy had never looked at this place that closely before. Of course, why would he? He very rarely ate in diners; in fact, in recent times, not at all, as he was living exclusively off noodles to save money on food, with a very occasional roast chicken thrown in as a treat. He pretty much never ate in diners these days only passed diners very occasionally on the street, generally in transit to and from his shitty job, and exclusively on the days he did not take the bus, which were also quite rare. So really he had no reason to even notice this diner except in passing and from a distance. How could he have known then? How could he have known that what appeared to be a diner (from fifty yards away and across the street, in passing) was in actuality a bakery altogether unsuitable for sketching out any kind of “noble project” (evil scheme) whatsoever?)
This guy was beginning to feel a bit put out. In fact, he was beginning to feel twinges that his “noble project” (evil scheme) might be getting fatally derailed from the get go. A lot of his projects turned out that way, even simple ones, like treating himself to a roast chicken, for example. Everything would be worked out completely in advance, but then some small hitch at the beginning would ruin the whole business.
Beginnings were important, this guy knew. If you started something right, you were bound to finish it right. A good solid beginning on a project often made up for small errors committed further down the road. On the other hand, if you made a critical error in the beginning, things further down the road were bound to get screwed up no matter how carefully you had planned everything else.  Really in the case of a small but critical error in the beginning, it was often better just to shelve the whole endeavor because whatever you did further down the road, after that critical mistake in the beginning, would just be a waste of time. This guy, for a second, considered calling it quits right there and then and heading back to his shitty little room. But then he thought about Ned.
(Just so you don’t get the wrong idea, I should make it clear right off the bat that this guy was not in the habit of formulating—to say nothing of carrying out—evil schemes directed at his neighbors, even the weirdo loser neighbors like Ned. If things had gone his way, this guy would not be giving Ned a second thought, not to mention making him the focus of a complicated evil scheme involving multiple phases and elaborate preparations for each phase. In truth, this guy would have preferred not to even have met Ned.
This guy took the shitty little room to save money not to hang out with the other losers living in the same building (of which, as it turned out, there was only one, Ned). In fact, even before he moved into the shitty little room, when he suspected there might be someone else living in the building—that first night he went to meet the landlord (a geezer), the night he had mistakenly tried to open the door to the room across the hall, the door that was locked—he hoped if indeed the room across the hall were not vacant, he could still avoid meeting whoever lived there.
He hoped, for example, that maybe this other guy who evidently had the room across the hall, didn’t actually live there but used the room for storage or some other purpose so that he would rarely be around. Or maybe, this guy hoped, this other guy who had the room across the hall might actually live there (and be around pretty much all of the time) but be infirm in some way (say a quadriplegic or morbidly allergic to everything or maybe just exceedingly old) such that he would rarely leave his room (the one across the hall). 
Or maybe, this guy hoped, this other guy who had the room across the hall, really lived there, was able-bodied in every way but worked nights, so when this guy (who worked during the day like everyone else) was at home, this other guy would be at work and conversely when this guy was at work, this other guy, who had the room across the hall (that is, Ned), would be at home. In a word, this guy, fervently hoped that whoever (if anyone) happened to live behind the locked door he tried the first night, that other person’s circumstances would be such that he (this guy) would rarely have to encounter that other person (Ned) in the hall.
Unfortunately, in this, as it turned out, he struck out completely. In fact, he ended up running into the guy from the room across the hall (Ned) more often than not. In fact, pretty much every morning when it came time for this guy to drag himself to his shitty job, he’d run into this other guy (Ned) in the hallway dragging himself out to his shitty job. And every evening, when it came time for this guy to sneak back to his room and hole up there for the night, there in the hallway, he’d run into this other guy (Ned) sneaking back to his shitty little room across the hall, where—as far as this guy could tell because he never heard anyone leave or come back—he holed up for the night.
They even seemed to have the same schedule on the weekends. This guy usually slept quite late on Saturdays and only managed to drag his ass out of bed to wander around the city or do some errands or something sometime in the early afternoon. But sure enough, when this guy had gotten himself sufficiently together to leave the room, there he’d find this other guy (Ned) in the hallway leaving his room at the same time. Similarly, though this guy tried to stay away from the room as long as possible on Saturday, he always ended up returning sometime in the early evening, and when he did, he almost always encountered this other guy (Ned) returning to his shitty little room at the same time. To top it all off, this guy could never sit still in his room for an entire Saturday night, so even though, when he came back early on Saturday evening, he felt like he’d pretty much exhausted the possibilities of the outside world and had resigned himself to holing up in his room for the night—just like he did on the weeknights—he’d always become restless after a couple of hours and go out again, say around eight o’clock; and incredibly just as he was slinking out—doubly defeated by the outside world and then by his own room—he’d encounter this other guy (Ned) in the hallway again, heading out wherever the hell he went.
And, of course—but this guy just didn’t care at this point—when he came slinking back later that same night drunk enough to sleep, he’d bump through the front door, hump up the inordinately long staircase, shuffle down the hall to his door, and as he was fumbling his key into the lock, glance across the hall, and there, inevitably, he’d find this other guy (Ned) fumbling his key into hislock at the same time. It was crazy.)
The old guy sitting in the front of the bakery was giving this guy a screw off kind of look, and waving a half-eaten jelly donut at him through the glass.
This guy realized he had been standing outside the front window of the second diner (actually a bakery) for an inordinate length of time.  The old guy bakery patron (with his screw off look) was probably already starting to wonder why this guy was standing around outside the front window of the second diner (actually a bakery) for such a long time.  I’m just looking for salt and pepper shakers, this guy thought. But there were no salt and pepper shakers at all (of course, who’s going to salt or pepper a donut, for God’s sake?) So this diner (actually a bakery) is worthless as far as sketching out any kind of “noble project” goes, this guy thought. But then where was he supposed to go? He couldn’t remember passing any other diners (or even bakeries) in the vicinity. He didn’t want to end up walking all over town (like that time with the roast chicken). But he didn’t want to head back to the shitty little room either (Ned).
Maybe this bakery will work out after all, this guy thought, continuing to glance around the dining area for pretty much anything that might serve for markers on his map. But then he caught the eye of an exceptionally squat and motionless woman in a polyester uniform sitting behind the cash register in the far corner. 
Denny’s! this guy thought.  There was Denny’s not that far from where he was standing. Denny’s was not exactly what he had originally had in mind, but it would be better than a bakery and the one he was thinking of was only fifteen minutes away (tops) and more importantly, a sure thing. He had passed it at least a hundred times on the bus. He knew with certainty that it actually was a Denny’s due not only to the unmistakable shape of the building and distinctive façade but also (come to think of it) he had actually been inside this particular Denny’s after a Saturday night drinking bout in the not too distant past and had, in fact, enjoyed a “bottomless” cup of coffee there (served by a woman with an uncanny resemblance to the cashier at the bakery) and had (if his memory served him well) thrown up in the bathroom, the floor of which was covered with tiles in the shapes of little rosettes colored red, no actually, they were maroon—he remembered it exactly.
Bye buddy, this guy mouthed through the window at the old guy at the table in front, but the old guy, with the donut still thrust at the window (now more or less “pointing”), had turned toward the interior of the bakery and was talking to someone (a big guy behind a glass case), maybe in reference to himself (this guy thought), maybe even calling the cops.
People are getting more and more paranoid every day, this guy thought, turning from the worthless bakery to stride confidently and full of resolve toward the Denny’s (a fifteen minute walk at a brisk pace, tops). It was getting so you could hardly sit on the bus, for example, looking out the window, minding your own business without some smart ass or the other giving you a dirty look like they knew somehow just by the way you were sitting there that, in fact, you weren’t just looking out the window (at the snow for example, or slush, or just random derelicts passed out on the sidewalk) minding your own business but rather contemplating some particularly nasty or even criminal idea.
This guy knew what he was talking about. He rode the bus a lot, and it happened to him all the time. He rode the bus chiefly on the way to his shitty job in the morning and on the way back to his shitty little room in the evening and just about every time he did at some point in the fifteen or so minutes he was on the bus (thirty or so in the evening, traffic) he found himself subject to at least one such offended glance filled with suspicion and loathing.
Granted, this guy had to admit, that lately on several of these occasions, he had actually been contemplating a particularly nasty or even, in at least one case, criminal idea but how could anyone else know that? And besides, it was hardly his fault.
These ideas came to him unbidden. They just popped right into his head from God knows where. It wasn’t like he wanted to sit on the bus with his nose pressed against the cold window contemplating some incredibly nasty idea. Quite the contrary. And more importantly, it wasn’t like, having been subject to some incredibly nasty or criminal idea sent from God knows where (which could happen to anybody, right?), this guy was going to run right off and act on it. Take the power plant for example.
So this guy was sitting on the bus with his nose pressed against the window, on his way back to the shitty little room from his shitty job, and the bus passed a power plant (or rather the entrance to a power plant. The plant itself was set far back from the road, caged behind miles of hurricane fence, a squat throbbing building buried in snow, with a huge smokestack jutting above the trees in the distance) and suddenly out of nowhere, it occurred to this guy just how easy it might be to short circuit the whole thing, blow it out.
Sure, this guy thought, all you would really need was a pair of wire cutters, a crowbar and big box of copper filings (or some other type of filings). You could just sneak through the trees around the side, cut through the hurricane fence with the wire cutters, pry open the appropriate metal box with the crowbar, and shake out all the filings in the appropriate place. And maybe, if you were lucky, there would be a fire or an explosion or something, and if you were quick, you could just scurry up the iron staircase that wound around the smokestack, all the way to the top, just in time to catch bank after bank of lights going out all over the city below you. 
That would be really cool, this guy had thought, sitting on the bus with his nose pressed against the cold window, but that didn’t mean he was going to run right out and do it. Right away this guy knew that as cool as it sounded, blowing up a power plant was not, in a strict sense, practical. For one thing, he had no idea exactly where he’d have to shake out the box of copper filings (or other type of filings) and to find out, he’d have to know exactly what type of power plant he was dealing with, and it wasn’t like they labeled the fuckers on the front gate. Besides, there were moral considerations. 
(Before we go any further, you should know, for what it’s worth, that no-one was more shocked by the nasty ideas that came to this guy, on the bus with increasing frequency in recent days, than this guy himself. Of course he was shocked! After all, before he began riding the bus, before he had taken the shitty little room, before—come to think of it--he had become aware of Ned, this guy was not at all what you might call a “nasty guy.” In fact (before he began riding the bus) he was, if anything, just the opposite of what you would call a “nasty guy” and would have been described by anyone who knew him then as nothing less than an “O.K. guy.” (Yes, it’s true! He knew people then (real people: family, friends, acquaintances etc… (five to be exact) who not only would have described him as an “O.K. guy” but never in their wildest dreams would have imagined that this “O.K. guy” would have been sitting on the bus, virtually every day, for 15 minutes in the morning and 30 minutes in the evening (traffic), with his nose pressed against the cold window contemplating some of the nastiest ideas imaginable.)
For example, this guy (the O.K. guy, or at least formerly O.K. guy) thought, sitting on the bus with his nose pressed against the window, in all likelihood, the power plant probably didn’t just serve normal houses full of able-bodied people, for whom a sudden loss of power would create nothing much worse than an irritating but, in all likelihood, temporary inconvenience, but also other places like hospitals full of the infirm and elderly or the very young; maybe even hospitals with whole wards of premature and defective babies, for example, laid out in plastic boxes, wired up to complicated machines that kept their hearts beating.
If the power suddenly went out in a place like that, all those premature and defective hearts would stop. This guy didn’t want to be responsible for anything like that. In fact, he was shocked at the thought of it. But what made it worse was that when he glanced around the bus, he could tell just by looking into all the bus people’s faces—filled with suspicion and loathing—that not one of them was shocked. Sure they were filled with suspicion and loathing—as if they had somehow “overheard” this guy’s thoughts about the power plant—but not one of those suspicious bus people looked the least bit shocked that he (this guy) of all people should be entertaining such a nasty idea.  In fact, they looked as if they expected it.
Just like that time with the smart ass and the elderly nun, this guy had thought, sitting on the bus with his nose pressed against the window considering the moral implications of blowing out a power plant. See not that long before, this guy had been riding the bus home with his nose pressed against the cold window, minding his own business etc…, just like he was then, when a particularly nasty idea popped into his head from God-knows-where but it didn’t involve a power plant but rather an elderly nun sitting two seats in front of him (a squat, motionless woman, with one spindly hand dangling from the black sleeve of her nun’s get up, limp and exposed in the aisle).
Now, just seconds after the idea (and it was nasty but not that nasty) popped into his head (by which time, in fact, this guy was already doing his best to get rid of it by thinking of something completely different (actually, the controversy then raging around the extinction of the dinosaurs. He wondered, for example, did they die out because of a meteor or was it due to gradual climate change, or was it because they were just too slow to keep up with the other self-improving animals? Or did they really not die out at all but actually evolve into birds? And in which scenarios could one say the result (extinction) was due to a fault (or in the case of turning into birds, a virtue) in the dinosaurs themselves? And in which cases was it more just a matter of fate? And why did prehistoric creatures always look so mean in books but so cute in cartoons? And why were people so interested in extinct animals in the first place? Aren’t there enough non-extinct animals to be interested in?))--some smart ass across the aisle gave this guy a nasty look (filled with suspicion and loathing) that clearly indicated to this guy that the smart ass--having  somehow “overheard” this guy’s nasty thought about the nun, and  having looked over to see who would be contemplating such a nasty thought, and having seen this guy--was not the least bit shocked but to the contrary thought something along the lines of: Oh, I would expect a guy like that to be thinking something nasty about an elderly nun.
But, of course this guy was shocked. He was shocked that this other guy hadn’t been shocked that he (this guy) would be thinking what he was in fact thinking about the elderly nun. So as soon as he got back to his shitty little room, he poured himself a Scotch and lit up a cigarette at the little table in front of the window overlooking the muddy yard with its one tree like a hair growing out of a mole and started thinking about what he might do to improve himself such that he would no longer be the kind of person other people might expect to be harboring nasty and malevolent thoughts about elderly nuns, whose only crime had been to sit where his glance might chance upon them two seats in front of him on the bus.
And of course, his thoughts quickly settled on what appeared to be the only logical and practical solution: he ought to begin a correspondence course, maybe in library science or phlebotomy or air conditioner repair or something like that.
(What he needed, he realized, was a profession and not just any profession, but one that involved acquiring and using a fair amount of detailed and technical knowledge. If he had a profession, when he was taking the bus home, it wouldn’t be from his shitty little job which left his mind completely blank at the end of the day and thus prey to whatever perverse thoughts might be floating in the air, but he would be coming home from his professional job and his mind would be occupied with some detailed and difficult technical problem with which he had been confronted in the course of his work day; and he probably wouldn’t even notice the elderly nun sitting two seats in front of him (or the smart ass sitting across the aisle for that matter); or if he did notice the nun, any idea that popped into his head would probably be of a technical nature related to his highly technical profession. For example, if he were a phlebotomist, the sight of the elderly nun might prompt him to consider the particular difficulties involved in drawing blood from elderly female individuals of the Catholic persuasion.
Of course, even if, with his highly technical profession, by some freak mischance, the sight of the nun did inspire some unpleasant or even nasty thought, at least, when the smart ass sitting across from him—suddenly gifted with telepathy—looked up to see who was thinking such a thing, he would see a technically informed professional sitting across the aisle—maybe even with a briefcase on his lap--and at least have the decency to be shocked that such a seemingly respectable person would be entertaining such nasty thoughts. 
So early the very next morning (fortunately a Saturday) this guy got up and headed straight out to the library where, figuring that correspondence courses tended to be advertised in the backs of magazines, he planned to browse through the periodical section in hopes of finding a suitable add to respond to. He realized half way there that he’d forgotten to bring a paper and pencil and almost went back for them but then figured he could probably write down whatever he needed perfectly well with one of those little stubs of pencils and slips of paper that the library customarily provided for writing down call numbers—it would be a pain but it would work.
But when he got there the library wasn’t open yet. Feeling a bit thwarted but as yet undeterred, he decided, rather than return to his shitty little room, which he might have difficulty leaving again, just to kill the couple of hours he had to wait by sauntering around the parking lot smoking.
This worked OK and the library opened and he went in and had no difficulty locating both the pencil stubs and little slips of paper—right next to the computers used for browsing the catalogue--and strolled over to the periodical section, which he located using a map beside the staircase.
However when he got there, he found the whole section was crawling with guys in gray overalls moving piles of magazines and shelving, and there was a big sign right beside the door announcing a complete renovation of the periodicals section, apologizing for the inconvenience and promising that periodicals would again be available starting the following Sunday.
Truth be told, this guy was bit frustrated and even pissed off at this point. He even considered finding a librarian and letting him or her know in no uncertain terms how inconvenient this whole periodicals section renovation was for him when he really only needed one crummy little magazine and virtually any one would do, and if it was really too much to ask to go to a library in this country and pick up a magazine—pretty much any magazine--on a Saturday morning, what was the point in him paying taxes out the salary from his shitty little job, which after all, were used to pay the salary for this librarian’s cool technical job in the first place?
But then this guy remembered that he had a couple of dollars in his pocket—he had been planning on picking up a roasted chicken later in the evening—and figured what the hell he’d just go out and buy a magazine from a drugstore. (Granted it was near the end of the month and buying the magazine, which he only needed for the adds in the back, would entail forgoing the roasted chicken, but he figured, if he really wanted to improve himself and reverse the course of his life, he should be willing to make little sacrifices like that.)
So he left the library, stopped at a drugstore and grabbed a magazine, which he took back to his shitty little building. He nodded to this other guy (actually, Ned) who happened to be coming in at the same time, went into his room and over to the folding table next to the window, poured himself a Scotch—a small one because it wasn’t even noon yet—and lit a cigarette and started leafing through the back pages of his recently purchased magazine (it was Sports Illustrated) but to his great chagrin, he couldn’t find a single add for a correspondence course. Not one. Lots of ads for tanning lamps, hot tubs, fishing equipment, other magazines, condominium sharing, but not a single add for a correspondence course.
By the time he got through his second Scotch, and fixed himself an extra large bowl of noodles, he was over his disappointment and felt ready to go back to the library after work a week from the following Monday, but as you can imagine, by the time that Monday rolled around, his enthusiasm for the project had faded and he just didn’t make it.)
The Denny’s was closed. At least it looked closed. There were only a couple of cars in the lot, and from the sidewalk, this guy couldn’t see any lights on inside but he couldn’t be sure that the lights were actually off because, on this cloudless day, all the windows and the entrance were obscured by thick black shadows cast by the distinctive concrete awning that ran along the front of the building. 
It didn’t make sense for the Denny’s to be closed at all. A lot of businesses, this guy knew, habitually closed on Sundays or at least operated at reduced hours on Sundays, but Denny’s was not one of those businesses. In fact, Denny’s was the kind of business people patronized on a Sunday precisely because the other kinds of businesses were closed (or operating at reduced hours). This guy had seen it all on T.V. With all the other retail food outlets closed early on a Sunday morning, people of all types literally flocked to Denny’s to stuff themselves with fried food of various shapes and sizes. Families, for example. Families loved to flock to Denny’s on Sunday mornings to stuff themselves with fried food. They loved it not only because it was one of the few businesses open on a Sunday morning but also because it was cheap (relatively speaking) and even as cheap as it was, it was still a sit-down restaurant, so they could be served and didn’t have to clean up. A family of four could stuff themselves silly at a Denny’s on a Sunday morning for less than it would cost them to go to a movie (and they didn’t have to clean up).
What’s more, people without families flocked to Denny’s on Sunday mornings as well, this guy recalled. You didn’t have to belong to a family to eat at a Denny’s. You could go there with friends or even just one friend or even completely alone. You could even smoke at Denny’s.  Even marginal losers like Ned could smoke at a Denny’s (even on a Sunday morning) if they wanted to.
This guy had actually seen (on the rare occasions he found himself in a Denny’s—actually only once, at this Denny’s, late on a Saturday night in the not too distant past, enjoying a “bottomless” cup of coffee) quite a variety of marginal losers, not much different from Ned, hogging up the booths (just one to a booth, no matter how large the table) with cigarettes dangling out of their mouths (chain smoking in fact) in the smoking section at this very Denny’s, which at present, from a point on the sidewalk just beyond the parking lot, appeared to be completely deserted.
Where is everybody?
Fuck you, said an old bag with an aluminum walker, pushing around this guy on the sidewalk. Apparently she’d been standing behind him muttering for some time. This guy did not respond. He was not altogether sure that the old bag’s invective was directed at himself. She wasn’t really looking at him (this guy didn’t think) but more focused on the pavement in front of her.
Instead, this guy watched with some suspense as the exceedingly old lady started to push the walker across a very long stretch of dirty and icy asphalt toward the entrance of the Denny’s way on the other side of the parking lot.
Clearly it was going to take some time. The lady was exceedingly old, moderately bent (hunched) and the walker wasn’t in the best condition either. This guy wasn’t altogether sure she would make it. (Or that he would make it, for that matter. That is, that he would be patient enough to stand there at the edge of the parking lot and watch the old lady creep all the way across the lot, pushing the walker, which made an obnoxious scraping sound on the pavement. It wasn’t the kind of thing that generally interested him, and in truth the sun was beginning to get a little oppressive, glaring off the melting snow piled up around the parking lot, flashing in jagged puddles here and there on the asphalt.
If there were a moment, this guy thought, standing there watching the old bag scrape across the lot, when it might make sense to just call it quits, forget the whole Ned thing for today and head back to the warmth (and darkness) of his shitty little room, this was it. 
But if the old bag did make it—all the way to the entrance immersed in shadows cast by the distinctive concrete awning that ran along the front of the structure—this guy would know, without gazing into the front window himself whether this Denny’s was in fact open on a Sunday morning as it should have been or unaccountably closed. If it were closed (unaccountably, mysteriously), the exceedingly old lady, after plunging into the shadows obscuring the entrance, would no doubt in short order come hobbling back into the morning light (and this guy could head straight back to the shitty little room with a clear conscience—Denny’s closed on a Sunday morning? What could he do? It was fate).
However if the Denny’s were open (as it should have been), you could bet the old bag, having plunged into the shadows obscuring the entrance to the seemingly deserted Denny’s (from a point on the sidewalk, just beyond the parking lot), would be swallowed up completely and stay that way.
(Like the old geezer landlord, this guy thought. He’d shown him the shitty little room that very first night, but after that this guy had never seen him again. Or the people who rode the elevators at work--they were swallowed up more or less on a daily basis. Or the various smart asses in his office who--generally after someone had said something--had finally lost their shit and been escorted out of the building. What happened to them? (Swallowed up). Not to mention all the people who had known this guy, the people who had considered him to be an “O.K. guy”—family, friends, acquaintances etc… (five to be exact). What had happened to them?
Try as he might, this guy, standing on the sidewalk, watching the old bag cross the parking lot, just could not remember any particular leave taking. Instead, when this guy thought about it, it was as if not that long ago, he and all the people who knew him (five to be exact) had been playing Chinese Tea Party (on the bottom of swimming pool, where you all hold hands and blow bubbles) and one by one each of the others (five to be exact) had just let go and floated back to the surface (Swallowed up).
A flash of sunlight winked from the depths of the shadows obscuring the entrance to the Denny’s. Sunlight reflected (this guy surmised) from a glass door (opening). The old bag had made it. This guy crossed the lot to the front and stepped under the awning. The lights (muted to create an aquarium-like ambience inside) were on. He pushed through the outer glass door, brushed past the old bag and her walker (she was still struggling with it in the vestibule—one of the legs had gotten caught around the base of a bubble gum machine with pictures of crippled children on top) opened the inner door and stepped into the lobby.
Denny’s! this guy thought. I’m here!
The place was perfect. It was virtually deserted for one thing, and the smoking section was filled with big empty booths with large tables, each equipped with perfect, generic, salt and pepper shakers. This guy was getting pretty excited. He breezed past the hostess station, at which, in place of a human hostess, hung a sign that said “Welcome to Denny’s! Please seat yourself,” and stepped over into the smoking section, where he took a big semi-circular back booth next to the bathroom.
He was very pleased with the table, as it was quite large and (mostly) round.  If he set aside all the laminated crap they put in the middle attached to the napkin holder, he would even be able to lay out a huge sheet of mapping paper—of the type he imagined architects or engineers used—on the top no problem, with even a little room left over in the corner for his breakfast.
If he had a big piece of paper like that, this guy thought, he might even diagram out his plan with one of those cool oil pencils that architects used, and maybe even employ a bunch of compasses, little triangular rulers etc… Of course, he didn’t actually have that kind of paper or any of that stuff. Thinking about it, this guy realized that he had forgotten to bring paper and pencil at all. In fact, patting his pockets, he discovered he had no writing utensils of any kind. He panicked a moment, kicking himself. How could he have imagined in such detail how he was going to sit at a table at some out of the way diner—or even here at Denny’s, as it turned out—sketching out and diagramming his “noble project” (evil scheme) and have forgotten to bring even the most basic utensils required for doing so? He got a sinking feeling in his stomach. A lot of his projects turned out this way.
(A lot of his projects turned out this way. In fact, pretty much all of his projects turned out this way. That is, all the projects that managed to reach a stage where it was possible to say they turned out at all. When he thought about it, he realized that pretty much the only projects that hadn’t turned out this way were the projects that hadn’t turned out at all or at least the projects that hadn’t turned out at all yet.
Beginnings were important, this guy knew. But beginnings could be deceptive. A project could seem to begin promisingly (even portentously) enough and still go to seed at some later stage. This project for example (the evil scheme to get even with Ned) had begun promisingly, even portentously (with the whole business worked out perfectly in his head), and in the beginning, everything had just clicked right along (he’d gotten out of bed, bathed, dressed, left the room after all (on a Sunday no less!) breezed right past Ned, found an open Denny’s with an adequately large (and available) table with salt and pepper shakers that were practically made to order for his purposes) but where had it ended? 
It’s just like the shitty little room, this guy thought, sitting at the Denny’s. The shitty little room was after all not just a shitty little room. The shitty little room was a project. (Of course it was. Did you think this guy liked living in a shitty little room? Did you think this guy, after working at his shitty job all day, five days a week, fifty weeks a year, enjoyed returning every evening to a shitty little room?) And the shitty little room wasn’t just any project. It was the project to end all projects. And it had begun more promisingly (indeed portentously) than any project before or since, but where had it ended?
You couldn’t have asked for a more promising beginning. This guy had worked it all out in his head over the course of countless afternoons sitting at his shitty little job trying not to lose his shit. (That’s the kind of job he had—the kind where you go in day in day out willingly enough but almost from the very moment you get there (and definitely by the afternoon), you start to get the feeling you’re going to lose your shit. So you spend your days doing the job—of course—but also not losing your shit, but you know eventually one day you are going to go in, do the job, but then actually lose your shit because somebody will say something.
This guy could see it happening all around him all the time. Employees were constantly getting escorted out because they’d lost their shit after somebody had said something.  Then new employees would be escorted in. That was the way the whole thing worked.
But unlike everyone else, this guy was not just doing his job (of course) and trying not to lose his shit; he was doing his job, trying not to lose his shit, and working out his project, the project to end all projects, and after six months or so (it might have been longer) it was all worked out. This guy was prepared. All he needed was the right opportunity.
Windows of opportunity are opening and closing all around us all the time, this guy had often thought, sitting at his desk at his shitty job. If you want to get to where you want to be in this life, when a window of opportunity opens up, you have to jump right through it without giving the matter a second thought because if you don’t, it will close again and you’ll be stuck right where you are.
There were guys, this guy knew, who never got to be where they wanted to be because they never even noticed the windows of opportunity (opening and closing all around them all the time) so they never jumped and were always stuck (right where they were). And there were other guys, this guy knew, who sat there day in day out, and noticed the windows of opportunity (opening and closing all around them all the time), but never jumped because they were never prepared. They were never prepared to jump. Maybe they’d try to get themselves prepared, but by the time they had, the window would have closed again, and they’d still be stuck (right where they were). And there were still other guys, this guy knew, not so many but a few, who noticed right away when a window of opportunity opened up, had prepared themselves in advance, jumped right through without giving the matter a second thought, and you never saw them again.
So late one afternoon, this guy was sitting at his desk with maybe a half an hour to go, trying not to lose his shit (as per normal) thinking maybe, hoping actually, maybe somebody would say something at that very moment and he’d lose his shit and get escorted out and at least have the whole thing over with, when who should come hobbling in but this incredibly old geezer pushing a decrepit aluminum walker and ranting at the top of his lungs about some deadbeat who supposedly worked there and owed him three months rent. 
Right away, this guy knew something was up. For one thing, how did the old guy get in? It wasn’t like he could have just hobbled right in off the street.
(There were measures for keeping old guys out after all. These measures were extremely effective, and all the old guys knew about them. The glass wall, for example. There was a glass wall in the lobby, which was an extremely effective measure for keeping old guys out. This guy had never heard of any old guys getting past it. In fact, this guy had seen on more than one occasion (actually every morning and often in extremely inclement weather) quite a variety of incredibly old guys, even a congregation of old guys, squatting on their haunches just outside the glass wall of the lobby, and on every occasion (that is every morning, even in extremely inclement weather) this guy could tell just by looking into their old guy faces, that not one of those old guys was even considering an attempt to hobble right in off the street. In fact, this guy could be sure, just by looking into their old guy faces (seen through the glass wall of the lobby) that hobbling right in off the street was absolutely the last thing on their minds.
Nonetheless, there the old guy was, undeniably in, hobbling around the office behind the walker, ranting like a maniac.  This guy stapled and paper clipped and fiddled for quite some time, thinking sure something is up with this old guy but given the way he’s ranting, he’s quite clearly lost his shit and will (no doubt, in short order) be escorted out. But then, when, due to a lull in the rant, this guy figured it was safe to look up, there the old guy was right on top of him breathing down into his face.
You want this walker? the old guy said. Fifty bucks. O.K. you don’t need it now, but you can put it in a closet and take it out later. Think about the future. You’re not going to have a pot to piss in. You’re going to be eating tuna out of a can with a plastic fork. I can tell just by looking at you. To get a walker like this—and you’ll need it then; you won’t have a choice—you’re going to have to shell out a hundred and fifty to two hundred bucks.  That’s a difference of a hundred to a hundred and fifty dollars. That’s a lot of tuna, buddy.
Oh Bob, said some smart ass in the office. Just leave the kid alone.
No dice? said the old guy. All right. How about a room? I’ve got a room for fifty bucks. You wouldn’t know it to look at me, but I’ve got a couple of buildings downtown, and a vacancy has just opened up. Nice place. Quiet area. Off the street. I’m not putting you in the basement, buddy. Ceiling fan included. And it’s all yours for fifty bucks. I don’t need a deposit.  You look O.K. to me. What are you paying now?
Well, you can bet this guy wasn’t paying a lot, but it was a hell of a lot more than fifty bucks. Fifty bucks for rent! That was like living for free--exactly what this guy had been contemplating over the course of countless afternoons, trying not to lose his shit at his shitty job.
In fact it was his thoughts about living for free that mostly kept him from losing his shit. Whenever he thought he was going to lose his shit, he thought about living for free. Thoughts about living for free were a kind of balm. They were a kind of balm for thoughts about losing his shit.
See, this guy figured that if he could just live for free, he would put all the money they paid him for doing his shitty little job (not a lot, but some, and quite a lot if you didn’t have to spend it) in a shoe box in his closet, and pretty soon he’d accumulate a considerable sum.  Someday, this guy figured, this sum would grow to be so considerable that he would be able to just walk right out.
One day, this guy had often imagined over countless afternoons, trying not to lose his shit at his shitty job, he’d be sitting there just like he was then but instead of thinking about how he was going to lose his shit, he’d be thinking about his considerable sum—the considerable sum of money he had waiting for him in the shoe box in his closet, the considerable sum he had managed to accumulate by living for free. And so, when someone said something, instead of losing his shit and getting escorted out, he would just get up and leave.
Yes, he would walk right out on his own initiative. Without a word. He would rise from his shitty desk and walk right out of his shitty cubicle without a word to anyone. Silently. And they would never see him again.
That was the best part. No-one at the shitty job would see this guy again because he wouldn’t even be in town. He would be at the sea or in the mountains or in the desert. He would be in the environs of a significant geographical landmark. He’d find a new shitty little job but under the influence of the significant geographical landmark in combination with his considerable sum of money, his new shitty little job wouldn’t be so much like a shitty little job but much more like a shitty little hobby; so when he showed up for work day in day out, he wouldn’t be showing up for work, he would be showing up for his hobby and he wouldn’t be contemplating losing his shit, he’d be contemplating the significant geographical landmark and his considerable sum of money. He’d be set. He’d have made it.
OK buddy, I’ll see you there, said the geezer, and he stuck one hand deep into his front pocket and pulled out a crumpled up wad of papers, which he dropped on this guy’s desk along with a pair of keys. 
You’ll need two, the old guy said. Use one, and keep the other in your wallet. That way you can’t get locked out. I’ll get the fifty bucks later. 
This guy grabbed the papers and keys and stuffed them into his pocket without giving the matter a second thought. The geezer hobbled away to an open elevator, stepped in, pushed a button and was swallowed up.
Right away this guy was on pins and needles. He was on pins and needles because the very moment the old guy was gone, he realized that in response to the old guy’s offer, he hadn’t said either yes or no. For the old guy, this guy knew, not saying no was the same as saying yes. But in his case, it might just be, this guy thought, that not saying yes was the same as saying no.
After all he was like that. In the past, he had often not said yes when what he really meant was no. And there were witnesses, witnesses in that very office. (Regarding the woman from the other department, for example. Like the old guy, the woman from the other department had shown up out of the blue, made him a fantastic offer, and took his not saying no to mean yes. But in that instance, for this guy, not saying yes really meant no. In fact, as events unfolded, he’d repeatedly not said yes to mean no but every time he didn’t say yes (meaning, no) the woman from the other department thought he was not saying no (to mean yes). In fact, over time, the repetition of his not saying yes to mean no actually reinforced the woman from the other department’s mistaken impression that in not saying no, he meant yes, to the point where, when he was finally compelled to say something--that is, no--she promptly lost her shit and got escorted out.) 
In the present instance, those witnesses would without a doubt assume that when this guy hadn’t said yes after the geezer offered him the room for fifty bucks what he really meant was no (just like with the woman from the other department). On the other hand, he had taken the papers and the keys and stuffed them right in his pocket without giving the matter a second thought. That would certainly indicate to the witnesses that when this guy hadn’t said no, what he meant was yes (despite precedent). On the other hand, taking the papers and the keys was not the same thing as taking the room, far from it, because even though he had taken the papers and the keys (and stuffed them into his pocket without giving the matter a second thought), he hadn’t signed anything. What’s more the old geezer hadn’t signed anything. (And the witnesses would definitely have noticed that. They would have noticed right off the bat that no one had signed anything).
This guy had to admit that he felt under no obligation to the old geezer, precisely because nobody had signed anything. So it was only reasonable to conclude that the old geezer felt under no obligation to this guy and could, should the opportunity arise, give some other guy some other papers and keys for the same room; and it was possible that far from wordlessly stuffing those papers and keys into his own pocket without signing anything as this guy had done, this other guy would say yes (loudly and clearly), sign the papers and what’s more, get the old guy to sign the papers first.
In that instance, it would be this other guy who would take the room for fifty bucks, live for free, amass a considerable sum and walk right out to enjoy the benefits of a shitty job in the environs of a significant geographical landmark. And it would be this guy (himself) who would be stuck (right where he was).
This guy looked up.
Guys were rising from their desks all over the office.  It was five o’clock. This guy grabbed his shit, rose from his desk, patted his pocket to make sure the papers and keys were still there (they were), left his cubicle, walked across the office, waited for the elevator, got on, rode it down to the lobby, (nineteen floors—eighteen plus the mezzanine. The elevator was packed. Some woman stood right behind him and breathed down his neck) got off, strode across the lobby, nodded politely to the line of old geezers squatting outside beyond the glass wall, and stepped out through the revolving doors into the weather, which sucked.
It was snot freezing cold, and the sky was slopped all over with thick gray clouds to the point where you couldn’t even tell if it were just one cloud spilled over the whole sky or a big group of cloud spills overlapping. The sun was going down somewhere but he couldn’t see it.
He pulled the wad of papers from his front pocket. The keys dropped out and he had to dig for them in the snow. He uncrumpled the papers with freezing hands. It took him a while to find the address. He knew the street but the number was further along than he had ever been.
He walked over to the corner and shuffled there until the appropriate bus arrived. He got on and took his seat along with everyone else.  He stuck his nose against the window. The city was slush and people. It got darker out, and the streetlights came on. They looked like white balloons. A very nasty idea popped into his head, but he dismissed it immediately. People started getting off the bus right and left. Then this guy was the only one still sitting there. Then it was his stop. He got out and stepped into the slush. Bye, the bus driver said. 
The building was right next to the bus stop. It wasn't in great shape. It didn't look like any people could be living there, and if there were people living there, they wouldn't be living there much longer. There was a muddy yard in the front dusted with snow over slush and a great big tree growing on a mound in the center like a thick black hair growing out of a mole.  A light was on behind a window on the second floor.  The light made the window into a yellow rectangle, like the eye of a Jack-O-Lantern, winking.
This guy crossed the muddy yard and pushed through the front door (it wasn't locked). He found himself in a tiny poorly lit vestibule with two metal mailboxes set in the wall on the right and an inordinately long staircase in front of him. 
Walking up the staircase, this guy started to think that maybe the room might not be a window of opportunity after all but actually more along the lines of a wrong turn. It often happened like that. A window of opportunity opens up right in front of you and you jump through but instead of getting to where you want to be, you end up right where you were, or worse, some place further from where you wanted to be.  That would be a wrong turn.
For example, if he took the room, this guy thought walking up the inordinately long staircase, the staircase would be a real pain in the ass especially with groceries. Every week on grocery day, this guy thought, he’d be hauling a couple of big bags up the stairs, thinking what a pain in the ass this staircase was and in his head, kicking himself. 
I’ll be thinking, this guy thought climbing the inordinately long staircase, what a wrong turn it was taking this room. I grabbed the papers and the keys without giving the matter a second thought because my first thought was, this old geezer with his room for fifty bucks is a window of opportunity. But my second thought might have been, this old geezer with his room for fifty bucks is a wrong turn, and if I had bothered to think that, I’ll be thinking, this guy thought climbing up the inordinately long staircase, I wouldn’t have taken the room in the first place and wouldn’t be hauling these two big bags of groceries up an inordinately long staircase.
But then this guy remembered that the whole point in taking the room for fifty bucks was living for free and living for free was definitely not without its costs or small sacrifices and what’s more if he were living for free in the matter of rent, it would only make sense that he live for free also in the matter of food. 
In which case, this guy thought, climbing up the inordinately long staircase, he wouldn’t ever be hauling two big bags of groceries up the inordinately long staircase, kicking himself because when he came back from the grocery store, he would never have two big bags of groceries (which he would then have to haul up the inordinately long staircase) but instead maybe only one small bag of groceries and it wouldn’t have a lot of heavy stuff in it but only a few light items, in fact, only one, noodles.
I’m going to eat noodles, this guy thought.  He was at the top of the stairs. 
The corridor wasn’t much to look at. It was dark at the far end, and a naked light bulb hanging from the ceiling somewhere behind this guy’s head threw his own long, dark shadow right down the middle of it. There were two doors about halfway down on either side. He tried the door on the left side but the first key he grabbed didn’t fit. The other key didn’t fit either. The door on the right wasn’t locked. This guy pushed it open and walked right in. The geezer was sitting on the far side of the room with his walker beside him on a rickety chair at a folding table pushed next to the window. It’s even furnished, the geezer said. Take a look!
It wasn’t exactly a nice place. It didn’t look too clean and the main room wasn’t that big. A mattress lying flat on the floor against one wall took up most of it, and an old TV on a wooden crate took up most of what was left. Half the wall opposite the mattress gave way to a kitchenette and the other half to a bathroom.  The wall beside the entrance was taken up by a large closet with big sliding doors with full-length mirrors on them.
It makes the place look twice as big, the old geezer said. Let me show you.  The old geezer pushed himself up from the table and settling himself on the walker, pushed it across the room to the closet. Holding the walker with one arm, the geezer managed to grab an edge of the sliding door with the other and, hobbling the length of the closet, pulled it closed. It took quite a long time. He wiped his forehead with the back of his hand. 
You got your bed, table, chair, TV and window over on this side, the geezer said, gesturing at the room. And, you’ve got your bed, table, chair, TV and window on that side, said the geezer, gesturing at the mirror. Take a look at that!  
The geezer pointed toward the kitchenette in the mirror. This guy drifted toward the kitchenette. There was an ancient electric cooking ring on the counter.  
I brought that over from my place. It’s yours, no charge. The pot’s in the cupboard, the geezer said. That thing’s good for anything you can cook in a pot.  Soup, noodles, you name it.  And take a look at that ceiling fan! said the geezer, pointing at the ceiling fan in the mirror, from which hung a single light bulb in a black wire cage of the type used by auto mechanics.  
Brand new, no charge. I put that in for free this afternoon, just for you, said the geezer. Go ahead! Try it out! The switch is over there! 
The geezer pointed at the mattress in the mirror. This guy wandered toward the mattress. Half of it was splattered with old coffee stains and other stains but nothing that looked toxic.  
Down there! the geezer said. I wired it myself.
A light switch was set in the wall beside the mattress about six inches off the ground.  This guy knelt beside the mattress and reached for the switch.
You have to lie down to get the full effect, said the geezer. 
Say you can’t sleep, said the geezer, because it’s cold. Say you wake up and you can’t sleep because it’s cold. You’re not gonna wanna get out of your warm bed and turn up the heat, are you?  
This guy lay down on the mattress.  It was mostly smooth.
That’s right, said the geezer. Go ahead! Give it a try! 
This guy reached over and flipped the switch. The ceiling fan turned round and round and the light bulb burned in its cage. This guy felt warm air on his face.  
Heat rises see, said the geezer, and that fan pushes it right down again. It works just like a convection oven. Saves on your bills too. You’re gonna save a lot of money in this place. 
Fifty bucks? said this guy from the mattress.  
Everything included, said the geezer. 
Crayons? said a smart ass waiter who had come over to this guy’s booth and apparently been standing there for some time. With an exceptionally long finger on an overly large hand at the end of an inordinately long arm, the smart ass waiter was pointing at the pile of laminated crap attached to the napkin holder in the middle of the semi-circular table.
(Now you might be thinking the smart ass waiter was really not that much of a smart ass. After all, as far as you can tell, this guy seems to regard pretty much everyone he meets as something of a smart ass. That’s absolutely true but that doesn’t necessarily mean that everyone this guy regarded as a smart ass was not, in fact, a smart ass. This waiter, for example, was definitely a smart ass. You could tell just by the look on his face—vaguely critical, condescending, a bit curious, but most of all indifferent as if he were vaguely amused at having to deal with whomever he was looking at but would rather not have had to see them at all. His face had major league smart ass written all over it. It was the kind of look that minor league smart asses were probably practicing in mirrors all over the city.)
Yes? said this guy, and he realized that this was the first word he had spoken to another, real human being (albeit a smart ass) since his chat with Ned in the hall so much earlier in the day. It felt strange.
You’re going to need them, said the waiter and then drifted back towards the kitchen. 
This guy didn’t know what to make of that, but he didn’t give the waiter a second thought. Instead he immediately pulled over the napkin holder because there, among quite a variety of full color illustrations of various fried foods, he noticed the corner of a little coloring book for kids, and sure enough, right beside it, wedged between the book and some other piece of laminated crap, there was a little box of three crayons (red, blue and yellow). This guy let out an audible sigh.
Crayons were not exactly what he had had in mind when it came to writing utensils but that was all there was; he could make do. In fact, he was sure they would work out just fine. He started paging through the coloring book in hopes of finding a blank page on which he could begin sketching out a diagram of his “noble project” (evil scheme). Of course there were none.
The whole book was chock full of simple line drawings of cute little bears and bunnies and squirrels etc… stuffing their faces with towering stacks of pancakes and ice cream sundaes as well as fried food of various shapes and sizes, and every inch of the inside front and back covers—which you might expect to be blank—were filled with adds for these Japanese toys that looked like cute little bears and bunnies and squirrels etc… but could actually be taken apart and re-assembled into replicas of highly lethal military equipment.
He shoved the book and other crap aside and turned over his paper placemat. The back was blank, so he grabbed a crayon (red) with his right hand and the salt shaker with his left and was ready to work.
(Look, before we go any further, I’ll come right out and say it, the whole thing was Ned’s fault.  From the very beginning, this guy was just trying to mind his own business. If things had gone this guy’s way, this guy never would have even been aware of Ned. As it turned out (and whose fault could this be apart from Ned’s?) this guy not only frequently encountered Ned in the hall, but encountered him twice a day during the week and four times on Saturday; that is at every possible juncture.
And that is just a little bit odd, isn’t it? when you think about it. But this guy never really did think about it. Or rather he didn’t think about it like that. It didn’t come to him all at once. Sure he noticed that he was running into Ned in the hallway with irritating frequency, but he didn’t realize, right away, that he ran into Ned at every possible juncture. He noticed it bit by bit and by the time it occurred to him that indeed it had become virtually impossible for him to step out in the hallway without running into Ned, running into Ned had become such a fixture in his life that he just dismissed it as just another weird but probably explicable thing like the erratic weather, that time he tried to get a roast chicken but couldn’t or the increasing number of old guys congregating outside the glass wall at work. 
See, even running into Ned all the time like that, this guy had hoped he could still forestall (forever) actually meeting Ned (exchanging words, making his acquaintance) merely by nodding politely to Ned every time he encountered him in the hall. Just like the old geezers behind the glass wall at work (whom this guy encountered pretty much every morning and evening, five days a week, fifty weeks a year). Every time this guy encountered the old geezers (twice a day, five days a week, fifty weeks a year) he nodded politely and never gave them so much as a second thought. So too it might have been with Ned, this guy thought. In fact, this guy thought, the very regularity of encountering (and nodding politely to) Ned in the hallway (twice a day during the week and four times on Saturday) might have mitigated the fact of encountering (and nodding politely to) Ned to the point where encountering Ned in the hallway (at every possible juncture) was almost the same as not encountering Ned at all.
Sooner or later, this guy figured, even Ned himself would have to be swallowed up, at which point, this guy could safely forget all about him. (And having forgotten about Ned, this guy could have continued in his project to live for free, accumulated a considerable sum from all the money he was saving on rent (and food, he ate only noodles with an occasional roast chicken thrown in as a treat) and after six months or so (or a year, or maybe even two on the outside) thrown all his money in a suitcase and hopped on the first bus out of town.
Yeah, that would have been great, this guy thought, sitting in the huge back booth of the Denny’s with a crayon in one hand and a saltshaker in the other, all set to begin diagramming out his evil scheme. That would have been perfecto.
But, the thing was, this guy couldn’t just forget about Ned. He couldn’t forget about Ned because unlike the geezers, there was just a thing or two odd about Ned that made forgetting all about Ned completely out of the question.
(This guy had to hand it to geezers. There was nothing even the slightest bit odd about even a single one of them. Even now with his mental powers concentrated to a laser-like focus, sitting as he was in the Denny’s, writing utensil in hand, on the very brink of planning out his evil scheme to get even with Ned, this guy for the life of him couldn’t bring to mind even a single feature of a single face of a single geezer, whom, it was an undeniable fact, he had encountered no less than forty times in just the previous month (twice a day, five days a week, fifty weeks a year).
Not so Ned. Not only could this guy recall just about each and every detail of Ned’s person, but it took a good deal of effort not to be recalling them pretty much all of the time. Take just the whistling and the shoes for example (not to mention the goofy expression, splay-footed walk, size of his ears etc… ). Every time this guy ran into Ned in the hallway (twice a day during the week and four times on Saturdays), Ned would be whistling cheerfully and wearing perfectly clean white tennis shoes. As far as this guy could tell, Ned was perpetually cheerful, to the point of whistling, and his tennis shoes were perpetually clean, in all sorts of weather.
If this guy could have explained (to himself, late at night, sleepless on the mattress shoved up against the wall of the shitty little room) why Ned was perpetually cheerful or why Ned’s tennis shoes were perpetually clean, there’s a good chance he could have forgotten that Ned was perpetually cheerful and his tennis shoes were perpetually clean. But he couldn’t forget.  He couldn’t forget the whistling and the tennis shoes because there was just no explaining either one.
Forget the whistling (not to mention goofy expression, splay-footed walk, size of his ears etc…); take just the shoes, for example. Ned’s white tennis shoes were perfectly clean every weekday when this guy ran into him in the hallway going out in the morning, and his shoes were equally clean when he ran into him in the hallway again coming back in the evening (in all sorts of weather). They stayed clean on Saturdays when he ran into Ned in the early afternoon, late afternoon, evening and at night (in all sorts of weather). Ned’s shoes were so clean that they looked brand new.
There were three possible explanations but none of these were actual explanations because none of these possible explanations made any sense. (The third, for example, required the illicit disposal of a staggering number of shoes (where would he put them all?) not to mention a staggering number of shoe boxes.) If any of these possible explanations had made any sense, this guy would, without a doubt, have dismissed and forgotten Ned’s perpetually clean tennis shoes the very moment the correct explanation occurred to him (and, in the same way, his cheerful whistling, goofy expression, splay-footed walk, ears etc… in a word, Ned himself). 
As it was, none of the explanations (for anything) made any sense, so this guy could not forget the shoes, the whistling, the goofy expression etc… but had to try, as best he could, to ignore the shoes, the whistling, the goofy expression etc… (in a word, Ned himself). But you can’t ignore something without noticing it first. Of course you can’t. How else are you going to know what notto pay attention to? So, inevitably, this guy had no choice but to hear Ned’s cheerful whistling, receding down the stairs every morning (coming up the stairs every evening) and see Ned’s immaculate tennis shoes out of the corner of his eye as he turned to descend the stairs in the mornings (as he turned to open his door in the evenings); and for the remaining minutes of his encounter with Ned (from one to say five depending on how much trouble he was having with the lock) this guy had to consciously remind himself not to hear Ned’s whistling and not to see his shoes; and the mental effort involved in not hearing Ned’s whistling (cheerful whistling, show tunes) andnot seeing Ned’s shoes (immaculate white canvas in all sorts of weather) turned out to be considerably worse than if this guy had just given up on ignoring them altogether.
In fact, over time, the effort involved in ignoring the whistling, the shoes (the goofy expression, splay-footed walk, ears etc… ) became so excruciating that this guy (lying at night on the mattress in the shitty little room, having freshly escaped Ned in the hallway) would contemplate, as a kind of relief, throwing himself on the floor at Ned’s feet with a magnifying glass (for example) or even placing his chin on Ned’s shoulder so that his own (normal) ear might rest beside Ned’s pursed and whistling lips; and at that point, lying at night on the mattress in the shitty little room, having freshly escaped Ned in the hall, this guy just threw in the towel. He resigned himself to meeting Ned whether he wanted to or not. It was just a matter finding the right moment.
Are you going to order? said the smart ass waiter, who had returned to this guy’s table and resumed his smart ass look in spades. Order? this guy said.
He had no idea what to order. As you know, this guy had been planning on eating in some out-of-the-way divey diner, where he thought he would just order whatever standard diner breakfast fare he wanted right off the top of his head. But he hadn’t ended up in an out-of-the-way divey diner (the first was out of business, the second wasn’t a diner at all). He had ended up in a Denny’s. You couldn’t order right off the top of your head in a Denny’s. You had to get a “special” or a “combo” or the like. You had to look at the menu. But this guy didn’t have a menu. All he had was a saltshaker and a crayon and a place mat. Then he remembered he’d shoved all the laminated crap that had been in the center of the table over to the side to make some working space for diagramming out his “noble project” (evil scheme). He figured the menu must’ve been in there, so he started scooting over in the curved booth to the edge of the table where he’d shoved it.
This took some time.
The table was exceptionally large and set very close against the circular booth, so this guy couldn’t just get up and walk over but had to slide along the seat; and, as his hands were occupied with the salt shaker and crayon, he couldn’t grip the edge of the table to shove himself along but had to kind off push himself off with his fists—and all the while he did this, the smart ass waiter was giving him his smart ass look in spades. This guy made it over there sure enough but then, among all the laminated crap advertising fried food of various shapes and sizes, there was no menu.
Menu?
The smart ass waiter had one tucked under his inordinately lengthy arm, and after watching this guy scoot awkwardly all the way to the end of the booth, he pulled it out and offered it to this guy at the end of his other inordinately lengthy arm, redoubling the intensity of his smart ass look to the point where this guy, instinctively, raised his hand (the one with the salt shaker) to shade his eyes.
The meeting with Ned happened like this:
This guy was coming home late and drunk enough to sleep on a Saturday night (as was his habit). He pushed through the front door into the dark vestibule and started to hump up the inordinately long staircase toward the light at the top.  About half way up, he could discern the noise of this other guy whistling cheerfully and fumbling with his keys. When he was three quarters of the way up, he could make out the back of this other guy’s head as he bent over the lock; then this other guy’s back, then his legs and finally—just as this guy’s nose rose above the level of the top step—the other guy himself (Ned), the whole person, down to his immaculately clean, white tennis shoes.
Right away this guy knew that the perfect moment was at hand—the perfect moment for finding out what the deal with Ned was. He knew it was the perfect moment because normally late on a Saturday night, this other guy (Ned) arrived first. So, normally late on a Saturday night, it would be this guy up in the hallway fumbling with his keys while this other guy (Ned) was coming up the stairs. But on this particular night, everything was different. It was this guy who heard this other guy (Ned) first. It was this guy who saw this other guy (Ned) first. So, on this particular night, it would be this other guy (Ned) who, fumbling with his keys as this guy approached, would glance over, just as this guy reached his own door across the hall, to find this guy already looking at him. The perfect moment. It was so perfect that this guy might have started whistling to himself as, having topped the stairs, he shuffled down the hallway toward his door with his gaze locked on this other guy, just waiting for this other guy to look up to see who was coming. 
But, as it turned out, this other guy didn’t look up to see who was coming. In fact, this other guy (Ned) didn’t offer any indication at all that he had even heard this guy approach. For this other guy--this guy realized in a flash as he bent to fumble with the lock to his own door--it was as if he—this guy—hadn’t existed at all.
That really got to this guy. That really bugged him. It really bugged this guy because he knew there was just no way this other guy could not have heard him bump through the front door, hump up the inordinately long staircase, and shuffle down the hallway, whistling like a maniac. This was an old building in an (otherwise) quiet neighborhood after all. The front door didn’t just bump closed but also groaned on its hinges when this guy pushed it open; half the floor boards leading up the inordinately long staircase were warped and creaked and squeaked like crushed mice as this guy humped up them. And he was whistling at the top of his lungs! 
All in all, this guy made quite a racket. An approach like that, at a time like that (late on a Saturday night) in a building like that, in the kind of neighborhood that would permit such a building, could not have failed to startle (if not scare the hell out of) pretty much anyone who was not expecting it. But this other guy (Ned) just kept fumbling with his keys and whistling cheerfully without missing a note as if nothing were amiss.
So this guy knew. He knew that not only had this other guy (Ned) heard him but that he had expected him and what’s more (in spite of hearing and expecting him) he (this other guy, that is, Ned) had elected to continue to whistle and fiddle with the lock as if this guy had not existed at all.
That really got to this guy. That really bugged him.
But then this guy thought (fiddling with the lock to his own door) maybe it wasn’t such a bad thing that this other guy (Ned) had heard him, expected him and still elected to pretend that he (this guy) hadn’t existed at all. After all, this guy had never been eager to meet this other guy (Ned) and seeing how at this particular juncture, the perfect moment for meeting this other guy (Ned) had not, as it turned out, presented itself, maybe it was, after all, a good thing that having heard and expected this guy, this other guy (Ned) had elected to pretend that this guy had not existed at all.
Maybe, all in all, for this guy, it wasn’t so much a case of his failure to meet this other guy (as he had intended) but more of a case of his success at avoiding this other guy (as he had intended). The key clicked in the lock; this guy pushed the door open and went into his shitty little room, but when he turned around to close the door behind himself, there was this other guy (Ned), leaning into the doorframe, breathing into his face.
You mutter to yourself, you know that? this other guy said. I bet it’s an unconscious tic. I bet you don’t even know you do it.
Hi! I’m Ned. I live across the hall. Ned smiled and extended his hand, which, to this guy, looked disproportionately large. This guy didn’t take it; he just said “Hi Ned. I’m ---“ and “Good night” then stepped into his room and turned to shut the door.
(Of course, this guy didn’t actually say, “Hi Ned. I’m ---.“ He said “Hi Ned. I’m” and then he saidhis name. He said, “Hi Ned, I’m (so and so, or such and such).” He did the same thing when he first walked in here so long ago. He walked right in here, looked me right in the eye and said, “Hi, I’m” and then he said his name. I’m sure of it. But after that he just kept saying “I” (to refer to himself) and occasionally “you” (to address me) and sometimes “Ned.” He didn’t say his own name again as far as I can remember. Why would he? He was talking exclusively about himself. He wasn’t going to talk about himself in the third person. (That would be weird, wouldn’t it?) And he rambled on and on and on for a long time (even an interminably long time) without any call to say his name again. So after a while, I just forgot his name. I’ll come right out and admit it. I forgot it.)
A lot of people have unconscious tics, said Ned still leaning into the frame.
Mine was whistling cheerfully. At least that’s the only one I know about, said Ned. I only know about that one because someone told me. There might be others but I don’t know about them because they’re unconscious. You get it? If you notice anything, please let me know. Even though it generally makes me feel smaller to find out about an unconscious tic, I would rather know about it than not know—especially if it’s something really obnoxious like scratching my balls or picking my nose. If I were doing something like that, I would want to know about it so I could get help—if that were possible. Or if it were impossible, at least if I knew I could tell other people that I knew and couldn’t do anything about it; and then they might be a bit more sympathetic. That’s what I did when somebody first told me about the whistling. After that, when I met someone new, I always told whoever it was right away that I had this problem and that there was nothing I could do about it.  I found people were a lot nicer to me. 
That was much better but then I got a hold of this specialist, Ned went on,  and he took care of it for real. He rigged me up with this gadget with a little mike on one end and a buzzer on the other. When the mike picked up my whistling, the buzzer—which was stuck in my ear like a hearing aid—went off, letting me know so I could stop it.  At first it went off nearly all the time—even in my sleep; imagine that, whistling in your sleep! I had it pretty bad, I guess—but after a couple of weeks, I learned to control my whistling and the buzzer went off less and less frequently.  Finally, it only went off in the instances I was really feeling especially cheerful and was actually whistling on purpose.  Course I gave that up in a hurry. I didn’t want to take any chances. The whole treatment cost a lot of money. My insurance company stopped covering it once they figured out what it was. (The bastards!) But I did manage to stop whistling completely, so it was worth it. Hey! Maybe I could put you in touch with this specialist, and he could take care of that muttering problem you have.  I’ve got his card right here in my wallet.
Ned pulled out his wallet—worn and remarkably overstuffed with junk other than money; it looked like a mouth caught trying to gobble up way more slips of paper than it could swallow—and extracted a little white business card, which he held out to this guy.
(Come to think of it, there was something really strange about that Saturday night this guy tried to treat himself to a roast chicken but couldn’t.  I mean, otherwise, to save money on food, this guy dined exclusively on noodles, so why shouldn’t he be able to treat himself to a roast chicken every once in a while when he really wanted one? 
It began normally enough. As usual for a Saturday night, after hanging around the shitty little room for a couple of hours (it might have been less), this guy got restless and decided to go out. In the corridor, he nodded politely to this other guy (actually, Ned) who happened to be going out at the same time, hurried down the inordinately long front staircase to the vestibule and bumped out of the front door into the weather, thinking, confidently, Screw noodles! Tonight, I’m having a chicken.
(Right there. That’s the best thing about roast chicken. On any other Saturday night—that is any Saturday night in which this guy was not bent on obtaining a roast chicken—this guy purposefully kept his expectations as vague and low as possible. Bumping out his front door into the weather on one of those Saturday nights, he might think, for example: “Tonight I’m going to stay out reallylate,” or even “Tonight, going out will at least be better than hanging around the shitty little room,” and nine Saturdays out of ten, he was disappointed in even these meager hopes. But roast chickens were different. Roast chickens were guaranteed.)
The weather was terrible, freezing drizzle and gusty.  This guy hunched up in his jacket, cut through the slush soaking the muddy front yard and headed off on the sidewalk leading to the supermarket closest to his building, which always had chickens roasting in a machine in the deli section.  But when he got there, the machine was empty. The spits were turning, and the gas flame was on, but there were no chickens. It was as if they had just sold the last one. There was a deli guy there standing behind the counter beside the empty chicken machine, and this guy thought about asking him if there were a chicken all wrapped up behind the counter but didn’t because he didn’t want the deli guy to suspect that roast chickens were his special treat.  The deli guy was probably a bit of a smart ass. You could tell just by looking at him.
So this guy pushed out the front door and back into the slush to go to the next nearest supermarket, feeling just a bit put out but not really because the next supermarket was not far, and the roast chickens there would really be no different from the roast chickens usually (but not, evidently, today) available at the first supermarket.  But when he got there, the chicken-roasting machine wasn’t even on. No chickens, no flame, nothing. In fact, a panel on the side of the machine had been pried open and the guts were strewn in a little arc right out in the middle of the aisle where this deli guy in overalls was sitting on the floor with a screw driver, apparently performing some kind of maintenance. 
Now the third closest supermarket was a ways away—not too far, but a bit of a hike, and it would be even more of a hike to walk home—so, hoping to save himself the trip in such crummy weather, this guy took the trouble to ask this deli guy—the one on the floor maintaining the chicken machine—if they had any chickens behind the counter, but the deli guy—as much of a smart ass as the deli guy in the first store—just looked up over his shoulder at this guy for a long time, itching his head with the end of the screwdriver like he hadn’t the faintest idea of what this guy was asking about—even though there he was on the floor maintaining (apparently) the chicken machine at that very moment.
Finally the deli guy put down the screwdriver and said, in a tone that suggested he was humoring a difficult customer, “No, no chickens today. Probably have chickens tomorrow,” and went right back to doing whatever he was doing to the chicken machine. 
Feeling a bit more put out, this guy headed out through the freezing drizzle to the third closest supermarket, which really was a bit of a hike compared to the first two but not too much trouble, he thought, for a roast chicken. 
(That was another great thing about roast chickens. This guy could eat a whole roast chicken at a single sitting, no problem. (He rarely ate breakfast or lunch). So when, on the following Monday, some other guy at his shitty job was talking about food, this guy could say, “Last Saturday, I atea chicken,” not “some chicken” or “a piece of chicken” or just ”chicken,” but “a chicken.” This guy liked that).
But when he finally got to the third closest supermarket and made his way to the deli section, it was totally devoid of roast chickens. In fact, there wasn’t even a machine. Or even a space where a machine might have been. And one look at the deli guy, even more of a smart ass than the other two, convinced this guy that asking was completely out of the question.
(In truth, even in going there, this guy hadn’t been positive that they did have a chicken-roasting machine. He had never actually purchased a roast chicken at the third closest supermarket because he had always been able to find one at either the first or second closest supermarkets. But he had assumed the third closest supermarket would indeed have a chicken roasting machine as chicken roasting machines had become pretty standard equipment at modern supermarkets, in his city anyway).
Evidently not, this guy thought to himself as he pushed out the door into the slush blanketing the parking lot of the third closest supermarket, feeling really quite put out—like here was this supermarket appearing on the outside to be really modern and convenient but on the inside not having the necessary equipment for a modern and convenient supermarket at all. Even to call it, in light of the absence of any kind of chicken roasting device, a super-market, this guy thought, was a gross overstatement. 
He felt doubly put out because he had always hated walking out of a store of any type without buying anything.  Walking out of a store without buying anything made him nervous.  Walking out of a store without buying anything made him feel conspicuous as if the store detective or the clerks at the store or even the other customers would notice and instantly suspect him of some illegal or immoral activity like shoplifting or arson or just casing the joint (as they say) in preparation for shoplifting or arson.  And supermarkets are worse than other stores because there’s no convenient way to exit them if you have not indeed made any kind of a purchase. You have to squeeze through the check out line (right past all the “buying customers”) smiling idiotically at the cashier, with your hands raised in such a way as to demonstrate that there is nothing in them—which is exactly what this guy had just had to do three times at three separate supermarkets.) 
This is a real drag--all this walking around and in and out of supermarkets, this guy thought, his tennis shoes sodden with melted slush as he slogged along the sidewalk, putting the third closest supermarket further and further behind him.
But he still fully anticipated getting the chicken he had gone out for because there were still two Mediterranean restaurants within walking distance that always had chickens roasting on spits in their front windows. These restaurant chickens would probably be a bit more expensive than the supermarket chickens, but he was past worrying about money at this point, and he consoled himself that these restaurant-roasted chickens—which he had never had before—would probably be, in some way, better too.  Besides both restaurants were on his way home, so he wouldn’t be taken any further out of his way. In fact, walking back through the slush along the sidewalks toward his shitty little room, this guy felt kind of good, like, this was a bit of trouble, but now he was going to get a deluxe restaurant-roasted chicken instead of his usual supermarket-roasted chicken. And maybe, the restaurant-roasted chicken would really be better (more juicy or something), so much so that from now on, maybe, he would start getting his roasted chickens exclusively from restaurants instead of from supermarkets, so this whole inconvenience would lead to an overall improvement. 
Who knew? Maybe the Mediterranean guys would be less obnoxious than those smart asses who tended to work in delis. And maybe he’d chat with one of the less obnoxious Mediterranean guys, and they’d get along, and he could get a shitty job at a Mediterranean restaurant, which would probably be an improvement over the shitty job he had, definitely at least in that it would bring him closer to roast chickens—which he liked.
(Everybody likes roast chickens, this guy thought. I mean, as far as this guy knew, people from all walks of life and all over the world—except really freaky vegetarians—eat roast chickens. They eat them in France and China and probably Africa and India too. (He wasn’t positive about Africa and India but it seemed plausible.)
But, as you know, because I already told you he was unable to treat himself to a roast chicken that night—in fact that’s the whole point—there were no roast chickens at either Mediterranean restaurant even though these particular restaurants always had chickens roasting on spits in their front windows. In fact, it was the visible spits that lent these restaurants their novelty. In fact, you could say that these restaurants were hardly any different from any of the other cheap ethnic restaurants in the city except for the visible spits; so without the spits, these restaurants hardly existed at all. But that’s not the worst of it.
The chicken guy at the first Mediterranean restaurant was this little runt of a guy who spoke no English, and when this guy tried to ask him if he knew where he could find a roast chicken, the little runt of a chicken guy became completely confused. So this guy kept trying to explain, first by raising his voice and then with gestures, but the more he talked and gestured, the more confused the little chicken guy got and the more frustrated—and in truth, heated—this guy got until the little chicken guy hopped into the backroom and returned with a really big, intimidating chicken guy, who also spoke no English, or almost none. The really big chicken guy—with really big arms, wearing a white apron with brown stuff smeared across the chest--just gave this guy a threatening look and said, “Go away,” with great finality like he meant not just now from here as a result of this little bit of confusion but forever from everyplace. 
Back on the freezing sidewalks, this guy began to feel that it was really getting late and maybe he’d spent enough of his valuable time wandering around the city in search of a roast chicken. He even considered giving up and skipping the second Mediterranean restaurant. But then again, it was on his way home; it would at least be warm in there; and what if there really were roast chickens at the second Mediterranean restaurant?
This guy realized that he could not tolerate the possibility that having wasted his time at four commercial outlets at which one could reasonably expect to obtain a roast chicken, he would skip over, through lack of resolve, the one place where a roast chicken could in fact be found. Even so, when he got there, it didn’t look promising. There were no spits in the window, but the machine was on; so he pushed into the lobby.
The chicken guy at this Mediterranean restaurant was a good deal more sympathetic than the runty guy at the first.  He was kind of suave-looking, wore a clean white uniform and pressed black tie, and had slick, black, perfectly cut hair—like he had just walked out of a barbershop.
His English was perfect, and, after this guy explained what he was looking for and the trouble he was having, this suave looking chicken guy seemed to sincerely want to help. In fact, he became quite expansive. He didn’t explain why the restaurant was out of roast chickens or direct this guy to some other place where he could obtain a roast chicken, but instead tried to instruct this guy in how he could prepare his own roast chicken by describing in a bit more detail--and with more feeling, certainly, than the situation warranted--the method of chicken roasting his mother had used when he was a boy back in Lebanon or India or wherever the hell he was from, which seemed to take place outside in a garden and involve quite a bit of basting.
After this explanation had gone on for quite some time—with this guy trying to make clear to the suave chicken guy that he only had a stupid cooking ring at home that was no good for anything but noodles—this guy started to feel that maybe the suave chicken guy wasn’t really interested in chickens at all but was speaking in a kind of double entendre. In a word, this guy began to feel that the suave chicken guy was a fairy bent on getting into his pants. As soon as this guy figured that out (and it took a long time, but who would expect such a thing?), he disengaged himself from the conversation as quickly (and politely) as he could and took off.
It was even colder out now. This guy was soaked to the skin. The streets were a waste of freezing slush. He started walking. 
He ended up at a fast food joint. All the guys there were wearing cardboard birthday hats. When he pushed himself in through the glass door and was standing there dripping all over the linoleum, they all looked over at him, in their hats, at the same time, like they knew. They eyed him, in their hats, like they knew everything. No chickens of course.  There never were. No point in even asking. He got an extra value meal with a chicken sandwich in it instead, and took it home with him in a little white sack with a goofy looking face printed on it, which he waved at this other guy (actually Ned), who happened to be coming in at the same time. He ate sitting on his mattress with his back against the wall, and even though he had super-sized the fries in hopes of compensating himself for all the trouble he’d gone to, in the end it just made him feel a bit sick).
The card Ned was showing him had someone’s name on it. Under the name, there was the word, “Specialist,” a phone number and an address not far from the shitty old building where both this guy and Ned lived.
This guy grabbed the card and stuck it in his pocket without giving the matter a second thought. Then he said, Bye Ned, pushed past Ned into the hallway, turned and pulled the door shut until he could hear the lock click, and without looking back at Ned, hurried down the hall. He took the steps two at a time and bumped out of the front door into the weather.
It had gotten warmer out. This guy could hear rivulets of melting snow leaking from the corners of the muddy yards all around him. This guy was thinking, I’m going to get a hold of this specialist, grill him, and find out what the deal with Ned is. It might just be, this guy thought, that Ned is merely a poor, harmless creature in need of help. On the other hand, this guy thought, it might just be that Ned is a potentially violent and dangerous character; and if it turns out that Ned is a potentially violent and dangerous character, this guy was thinking, I’ll be mighty glad I got hold of the specialist, grilled him and found out what the deal with Ned was before it was too late.
There was a mist in the air (from all that melting snow). It blurred the streetlights into white balloons.  The sidewalks were a mess.
It would be bad enough, this guy was thinking as he slogged through the slush, to find out that you are living in the very same building with a potentially violent and dangerous character (who has taken it into his head to meet you in the hallway at every possible juncture) but that would be a hundred times better than to go on living in the same building with a potentially violent and dangerous character without a clue that you are living in the same building with a potentially violent and dangerous character (who has taken it into his head to meet you in the hallway at every possible juncture.)
If you knew, you could take measures, this guy thought. You could take measures to protect yourself. You could lock your door, for example. And even if it turns out, this guy was thinking, that after I find the specialist and grill him, that Ned is actually merely a poor, harmless creature in need of help, I’ll still be mighty glad that I got a hold of the specialist and grilled him because in that instance at least I’ll know that Ned is not a potentially violent and dangerous character as I suspected, am suspecting right now.
This guy had come to the address on the card.
It was a not overly large squat building with a large empty show window in front and dark office windows on the second floor. There were no lights on at all as far as this guy could tell from the sidewalk.  This guy stumbled through the snow to get closer.  There was another row of office windows in wells just blow the street level.  These were also dark. This guy slogged around the side to the parking lot in back. No lights on back there either though there was a car in the lot.
If there’s a specialist in there, this guy thought, he would have a light on. But you can’t see any light out here, this guy thought. Ergo, if there’s a specialist in there with a light on, this guy thought, he must be in a little room in the basement or possibly on the ground floor, near the center of the building, with no windows and the door closed.
He might be in there examining a patient after hours, this guy thought. The two of them might be sweltering under the light in that tiny room on the ground floor (or in the basement) near the center of the building, with no windows and the door closed, this guy thought. In which case, this guy thought, the specialist is not going to want to see me. On the other hand, this guy thought, the specialist might be in there all alone. He might be in there all alone merely contemplating (after hours) a previous examination of a patient (possibly even Ned), going over the details in his mind, questioning his diagnosis, regretting the course of treatment.
If that’s the case, this guy thought, the specialist probably will want to see me as he’s bound to be pretty lonely and uncomfortable there, sweltering under the painfully bright light in that tiny room on the ground floor (or in the basement) near the center of the building, with no windows and the door closed. 
He’ll want a distraction, this guy thought. He’ll want a distraction from his contemplation of his previous examination of Ned. He might even be thinking, this guy thought, I’m getting nowhere in my contemplation of my previous examination of Ned, and it’s getting mighty hot and uncomfortable here under the burning light in this tiny room on the ground floor (or in the basement) near the center of the building with no windows and the door closed, and I’d welcome a distraction, pretty much any distraction from the contemplation of my previous examination of Ned, which is leading nowhere.
A light went on. The back door scraped open, clearing a cone of pavement from the slush. A little man in a white lab coat came out to the edge of the parking lot and lit a cigarette. He noticed this guy straight away and started waving his cigarette at him, making little red parentheses in the air. Come over here, buddy, the man said. Ned told me you might be stopping by. There’s something I want to show you…
This guy put down the saltshaker and the crayon, grabbed the menu and flipped it open, looking for the breakfast section.
This is going to sound weird to you, the smart ass waiter said. And you are not going to believe me, I know.  But in light of all that is going to happen, it just doesn’t seem right not to warn you.  Certainly, if I were you, I would want to know—
Number Seven, this guy said. Breakfast Combo Number Seven. (And you can bet this guy wasn’t really sure what was even in Breakfast Combo Number Seven; it was just the first number that caught his eye).  I’ll have Breakfast Combo Number Seven, this guy said again because he thought the waiter hadn’t heard him as he wasn’t writing anything down.
Maybe this will give you the idea, said the waiter. The waiter reached into his back pocket and pulled out a crumpled up piece of paper, which he handed to this guy.
This guy hesitated a moment before he took the paper because he didn’t have the foggiest notion of why the waiter was giving it to him, but then, partially because he didn’t know what else to do and partially because he vaguely figured it was a part of some kind of smart ass joke that would be better to submit to and get over with rather than resist, he took the paper and unfolded it on the table top. 
It was a slip torn from a standard waiter’s order book, complete with the carbonless copy, which had been folded and rolled up very tightly. It even looked like it might have been through the wash.
When this guy managed to get it laid out flat, he could make out the words “Combo 7 Break” written in sloppy printed letters.
What is this? said this guy.
Ask Ned, said the waiter. And my warning is: you were on the right track before.
With that, the waiter scooped up the order, turned and disappeared back to the kitchen.
This guy just sat at the table, staring at the swinging door, behind which the waiter had disappeared.  Then he grabbed the red crayon and the saltshaker and set straight to work diagramming his “noble project” (evil scheme).
(This guy didn’t know what to think about that business with the waiter at all. And it happened so fast that for a moment or two—as the kitchen door swung back into the dining room, then back into the kitchen, then back into the dining room but only a little bit, and then back into the kitchen just a smidgeon, then back into the dining room just a hair and then came to rest—this guy thought he might have just imagined the whole thing. Maybe the waiter had just taken his order—normally, as any normal person would expect—and then headed to the kitchen with it—as is the customary routine in restaurants. Maybe all that business with the slip of paper and Ned and a warning etc… had just been a quick, weird little daydream this guy had had because he was so excited about finally being able to sit down and plan his “noble project” (evil scheme).
If it had actually happened, there were only two possible explanations, neither of which was all that convincing. Either a) this waiter was indeed a smart ass but on a scale this guy had never encountered before, and the whole bit with the slip of paper and warning etc… was a kind of smart ass parlor trick that the waiter liked to play occasionally on random customers just to get a rise out of them. But that didn’t explain the reference to Ned.
(A coincidence? Maybe the waiter hadn’t actually said “Ned” but rather “Neal” or “Ed” or some other name that just sounded like Ned, but, because this guy was about to begin planning his “noble project” (evil scheme), he had just misheard it as “Ned.”)
Or b) the waiter was in fact in league with Ned. Ned, no harmless creature in need of help (as this guy had once been naïve enough to suppose), was in fact a dangerous and potentially violent character, who had, in fact, already initiated an evil scheme of his own directed at no-one other than this guy, in which the smart ass waiter played a key role. Maybe the smart ass waiter wasn’t even really a waiter. Maybe he was merely impersonating a smart ass waiter working at Denny’s.  Or maybe the smart ass waiter was a smart ass waiter, but he had been subverted. He had been subverted by Ned.
Maybe Ned had somehow figured out that this guy would at some point eat at Denny’s (this guy had been there before, after all. In fact, he had thrown up in the bathroom) and had recruited this waiter to play a key role in his evil scheme (noble project?); even perhaps, going so far as to teach the waiter the parlor trick with the slip of paper this guy had just been subject to.
(The waiter probably had slips of paper with each of the items on the menu stashed in various pockets of his waiter get up and, after this guy said he wanted combo number seven, had just pulled out the appropriate slip of paper. Sure! That’s the way magicians do that kind of thing, isn’t it?).
But that was just paranoid.
(Or was it? After all, here was this guy, sitting at a Denny’s, all ready to begin diagramming what Ned would undoubtedly consider an evil scheme (noble project?) directed at himself. Why couldn’t Ned have done the same thing? Maybe months before, maybe on the very day this guy had moved into the shitty little building. Maybe Ned had, in fact, come to this very same Denny’s (sat at this very same table) grabbed a crayon and a salt shaker and begun to plan an evil scheme, just as this guy was about to do right now. Maybe that was how he made the acquaintance of the smart ass waiter and subverted him. (This waiter was enough of a smart ass that he would have been chomping at the bit to get involved in an evil scheme, especially one directed at a customer, especially if that customer had thrown up in the bathroom (rosette tiles, colored red, no, maroon).
Highly unlikely, this guy decided. Besides even if he hadn’t imagined the whole thing, and the second explanation were correct, there was no way he could be sure without doing a good deal of checking and that would distract him from his own “noble project” (evil scheme) before it had even gotten off the ground. It was better just to forget the waiter and get on with things. (In fact, if the second explanation were correct, just forgetting about the waiter and getting on with things would be the last thing Ned would want him to do—all the more reason for this guy to hurry up with his “noble project” (evil scheme) so that he could perpetrate it on Ned before Ned had a chance to perpetrate his evil scheme (noble project?) on this guy).
This guy set to work.
There were four main phases to this guy’s project: 1) Lull Ned into a state of false confidence; 2) Lure Ned into this guy’s shitty little room; 3) Put Ned in a wooden or possibly metal box especially constructed for this purpose; and 4) Keep him there. This guy hadn’t worked out exactly what he was going to do with Ned once had imprisoned him in the box (beyond keeping there for some time, even a long time, even forever) but he figured ideas would come to him once he had gotten to that point. So this guy began his diagram by drawing four big boxes on the back of the place mat (one for each phase), labeling them and connecting them with arrows to indicate a sequence. It looked something like this:


 
That takes care of the broad outlines, this guy thought, glancing approvingly at the page.  Now for the complicated details.
(Actually, it would be more accurate to say this guy glanced mostly approvingly at the page. He was slightly dissatisfied on two counts: First, it would have been better if he had had four different colored crayons rather than just three because if he had four, he could have given each phase its own color (a red phase, a blue phase, a yellow phase, and say a “green” phase). That undoubtedly would have proved invaluable in organizing his plan later. (He felt sure the plan would grow to cover multiple if not hundreds of pages). He could have, for example, done all the relevant diagrams and lists (there would be lists, he was sure of it) for the yellow phase (Put Ned in Box) in yellow. (For example, the diagram of the box itself would be yellow). All the pages associated with the blue phase (Lure Ned) could have been in blue (for example, the list of possible tricks for getting Ned into his shitty little room (“Ask for help fixing the toilet” “Invite in for roast chicken” etc… ). And he could have put all the pages associated with the red phase in red, but here the system broke down because there were actually two phases in red (Lull Ned and Keep Him There). If he had had one more crayon, say green, the Lull Ned phase could have been red and the Keep Him There phase could have been green. That would have been perfect. That would have been ideal. Thinking about it, he felt even the color green seemed especially right (as opposed to any other color that wasn’t red, blue or yellow), possibly crucial. For a fraction of a second, this guy even considered running out of the Denny’s to get a pack of real crayons and coming back, but he instantly realized he could hardly trust the waiter (probably an agent of Ned) to hold his table (not to mention forgo messing with his stuff.)
This guy glanced around at the other tables to try to see (without getting up) whether the other packages of crayons contained different colors (maybe even green) but he couldn’t tell from where he was sitting. He did notice though that the Denny’s had filled up somewhat. In fact, it was packed, mostly with families cramming down fried food of various shapes and sizes like there was no tomorrow. This guy didn’t want to attract attention to himself (or rather more attention to himself. He realized sadly that he stuck out like a sore thumb, sitting there all by himself at an inordinately large table, apparently coloring rather than eating—where was his order?), so he decided not to worry about the color problem anymore for now. (Maybe he could pick up a pack of crayons at a drugstore on his way back and carefully go over all the Keep Him There pages in green at the folding table by the window in his shitty little room.)
The other problem was that, apparently, somebody else had already gotten to the back of the placemat as the right side of it was covered with a penciled list of crap and dollar amounts (as if whoever had done it were planning a garage sale) and on the left side someone had printed some lines of text in blue that, as far as this guy could tell, didn’t make any sense at all. He took care of it right off the bat by crossing out all the superfluous junk with his blue crayon. Now the page looked like this:


 
Much better, this guy thought. He carefully folded the placemat up and put it in his back pocket; then he flipped over another placemat, grabbed the yellow crayon and began diagramming the box in which he planned to imprison Ned.
He needed to do that right away because he was hoping to go to the hardware store immediately after breakfast and he wanted to make sure he didn’t forget anything.  The box definitely fell into the complicated details category. In fact, even to call it a “box” is oversimplifying things.  What this guy had in his head was less like a “box” per se and much more like a Secure Interactive Containment Device with Multiple and Recursive Feedback Loops or a SICDMRFL for short.
Basically, it was a box, but inside the box, there would be a complicated net of constraints—rubber tubing, pipes, straps, buckles etc…--that could be attached to each of Ned’s moveable parts—arms, legs, head, jaws, finger, toes, stomach etc…--such that it not only prevented Ned from leaving the box but also prevented him from doing pretty much anything he might want to do while inside the box (eat, sleep, roll over, scratch behind his ear etc…). What’s more the net of constraints would not only prevent Ned from doing those things, but they would also grant him sufficient freedom of movement that they created (for Ned) the impression that he could actually do any of those things while simultaneously frustrating whatever effort he might make at the critical moment.
(That’s where the Multiple Recursive Feedback Loops came into play (that’s MRFL’s for short). For example, say Ned wanted to scratch his ear. No problem, Ned would think. I may be locked up in a box, but at least I can scratch my ear. He would think that because there would be ample give in the rubber tube binding his right or left hand for raising it to his ear. But if he tried to do it—as he would, no doubt, this guy thought, as what situation was more likely to make a person itchy as being confined in a box with rubber tubing wrapped around each and every one of his moveable parts?—he would find that the rubber tube attached to his right or left hand was looped through a pulley and attached at the other end to the constraint on his ear such that as he moved his hand toward his ear, his ear would be pulled away from his hand; and this would be the case no matter from what angle he attempted it.)
That’s a good one, this guy thought. Ear scratching, definitely. So having drawn a box and a figure representing Ned inside the box, he quickly drew a line to represent the rubber tubing attached to his right hand and looped the line through a circle (indicating a pulley) and back to the right side of Ned’s head. He repeated this procedure for Ned’s left ear. Then he thought Ned might try to scratch his ear by raising his shoulder and using the upper part of his arm; so he drew line in to prevent this, first for the right shoulder (right ear) and then for the left shoulder (left ear). Or possibly, this guy thought, after having tried everything else, Ned might try to use his knees, so this guy sketched in lines to prevent that.
Then he went through all the places a person (Ned) might want to scratch and the possible ways of reaching them and drew in the corresponding lines and pulleys. Then he started to go through all the other actions Ned would likely attempt while inside the box (eating, drinking, talking, going to the bathroom, rolling over, shouting for help, weeping, suicide etc…) and drew in all the necessary constraints. This took some time, but this guy was hardly aware of it so furiously and intently was he working. When he had gotten through about three quarters of the actions, he stopped and surveyed his work. It looked something like this:
 

 
He was pretty happy with it, but he noticed two problems straight away. First, though the exclusive use of yellow would undoubtedly help in organizing the papers later, here it didn’t quite work. First off, it was nearly impossible to sort out all the lines he had drawn (or even count them) and more importantly, no matter how hard he looked at the diagram, he was unable to distinguish the figure representing Ned from all the lines representing the constraints on Ned.
Secondly, it looked like the same bastard who had gotten at the preceding placemat (now safely tucked away in this guy’s pocket) had also gotten at this one, scribbling his garage sale list down the right side and continuing the nonsense in blue on the left. No matter, this guy thought, I can fix that too. So he took care of these minor problems by going over the figure of Ned in blue and crossing out the superfluous garbage. Now the diagram looked like this:

 
Perfecto! this guy thought and started to fold up the page to put it in his back pocket.
(This guy was really “on a roll” as they say. He had never gotten so far into any project of any type before, and he felt intoxicated with success. He felt, in fact, that from here, having already diagrammed the broad outlines of his “noble project” (evil scheme) as well as its single most key element, success was just around the corner.  He practically had Ned all boxed up in his shitty little room already. 
He realized—now that he had made real, indisputable progress, right there on the paper—that even as significant as all the earlier victories of the day had been—getting out of bed, bathing, leaving the shitty little room, finding a Denny’s etc…--they were really nothing in comparison with what he had just done; and even while had been achieving those earlier victories, in the back of his head, he had never really believed that in the end they would pay off.
Sure he’d been going along, getting out of bed, bathing, looking for a diner etc… thinking this was really one hell of a Sunday and entertaining small hopes that it might be the beginning of something larger—some huge irrevocable change in his life—but he had never really believed that he would get this far. In the back of his head, he had been expecting (even waiting for) some setback, some small logistical sticking point that would send him back to his shitty little room to continue as before with the situation changed only in as much as the memory of his partial success on this memorable Sunday might inspire him (at some point in the future) to try again.
But now with proof positive that he was doing something—right there in red, blue and yellow—he felt as he were just inches away from the edge of a brand new world. All bets were off. At this point, this guy thought, anything can happen.)
Can I take this?
The smart ass waiter had returned.
This guy looked up.
The restaurant seemed to have emptied out again. In fact, there didn’t seem to be anybody there except this guy himself and the waiter.  The guy’s table was a complete mess. There were several plates spread in a semi-circle in front of this guy, just around the space where he had been working.  Each of the plates was smeared with gobs of unidentifiable breakfast foods dowsed in thick brown gunk—possibly gravy. Empty and half empty creamer packages were scattered everywhere and little clouds of salt and sugar floated in random spots among the mess.
Oddly, also, each of the coffee cups (six, for his table was set for six, a “six-top” in waiter parlance) that had been resting upside down when this guy walked in (how long ago?) were now turned right side up and each half-filled with very creamy looking coffee as if either six separate people had all been drinking coffee at the table while this guy was working or one person (bizarrely?) had drunk a little bit from each cup and then moved on to the next until he had finished half the coffee in each of them.
(At one sip per rotation, this guy figured, it would have taken roughly thirteen rotations. But of course whoever were drinking the coffee wouldn’t have been able to go all the way around the table because this guy would have gotten in his way. Therefore, the coffee drinker would have had to go mostly around the table (just to where this guy was sitting) carefully and quietly take a sip from the cup in front of this guy (so as not to give himself away) and then go back in the direction he had come until he was stopped again by this guy (the other side of this guy) and then repeat the procedure (six and one half to seven times.)
Now this guy couldn’t have been working on his “noble project” (evil scheme) for more than forty minutes. So, given the size of the table, the difficulty involved in scooting around in the booth, the necessity to proceed slowly, quietly and carefully—so as not to alert this guy, who was, after all, sitting right there—whoever had sipped all that coffee must have been in virtually constant motion for the full forty minutes and only very recently disappeared). Additionally, the four remaining placemats were turned over and covered with scribbling in red, yellow, blue and red (again) crayon and the labels of the crayons themselves had all been peeled off and lay like little husks all around the table.
The smart ass waiter—his major league smart ass look unchanged—had his hands extended (at the ends of his inordinately lengthy arms) towards the largest and messiest of the plates, resting a few inches from this guy’s elbow. Suddenly this guy did not feel safe at this Denny’s at all. This guy really wanted to get out of the Denny’s as soon as he possibly could. He even, for a moment, considered bolting from the booth right then and there without bothering to pay his bill.
But if he did that, he knew something really bad was likely to happen to him.  In fact, he knew he wouldn’t get far before he was picked up.  That was what happened to people who did things like bolting from Denny’s without bothering to pay their bills—especially if they did so in an erratic manner indicating blind panic, he knew. They were picked up.  There were people out there whose job it was to maintain surveillance over all the entrances and exits of Denny’s (as well as other well established commercial dining facilities) with the intention of picking up whoever should flee from said facility blindly without paying their bills. These people—highly trained professionals—drove around in white vans, or, occasionally, white panel trucks with big side windows spray painted white, specially designed for this purpose.  They were good at what they did and rarely slipped up.  It was highly unlikely that anyone—not to mention this guy who was not the least bit athletic—fleeing a Denny’s in broad daylight (on a Sunday no less) could retain his or her liberty much past the parking lot. 
But even in the unlikely event (unlikely to the point of miraculous) this guy, or some other guy like him, did make it past the parking lot, he would never get more than a few blocks away. And even if he did manage to evade the men in white trucks long enough to make his way back to his shitty little room (and we have crossed into the realm of pure fantasy here) he would find, having staggered exhausted up the inordinately long staircase to the hallway and hurriedly pulled his key from his pocket and somehow managed to fumble the key into the lock, that the lock had been changed and there was no way to get back in; and at that point—collapsed, weeping perhaps, in the hallway outside the locked door to his shitty little room—this guy would be scooped up in the arms of the men from the white trucks—in exactly the same manner you might scoop up a tiny child—and delivered to the aforementioned white van or white panel truck with big windows spray painted white. What would happen once he was inside that truck was altogether unthinkable.
Sure, this guy said carefully, very carefully, trying to look the smart ass waiter in the eye. And may I have the bill please? 
The waiter pointed to a slip of paper—a corner of which rested in a puddle of gravy beside this guy’s elbow. 
With one hand, this guy grabbed the bill, and with the other he reached carefully into his back pocket and drew out his wallet. 
The bill was written on the same rolled up and folded ticket that the smart ass waiter had previously shown him, but in addition to “Combo 6 Break,” it also noted six cups of coffee (“Coff X 6”) and several other dishes this guy could not quite make out. 
The total was considerably more than this guy had anticipated spending. Luckily, his wallet was completely full and had more than enough money in it to cover the bill.
(Fortunately it was the beginning of the month and this guy had recently cashed his entire pay check as was his habit. It was safer that way. You never knew when the bank would unexpectedly close or a cash machine or even a series of cash machines would be out of order when you really needed some money—for a roast chicken, for example. It was better, he had always felt, just to keep all your money right where you could get it. And boy was he glad that he had it right now. He was in no mood to argue over the bill.)
This guy grabbed a couple of twenties and held them out to the smart ass waiter, who, his inordinately long arms now full of gravy-dripping plates, jerked his chin in the direction of a motionless woman sitting on a tall stool behind the cash register next to the hostess stand, and said, You pay up front.
Right, said this guy, and, with more presence of mind than he would have anticipated, he carefully folded up the diagram of the box and put it in his back pocket.
There was a small crash.
The waiter had dumped the dirty dishes into a bussing tray on a cart just outside the kitchen door. He sauntered back to the table just as the guy had begun sliding out of the booth, still clutching the twenties in one hand. 
Who’s this guy, Ned? said the waiter, scooping up one of the superfluous placemats.
To this guy’s horror, someone had scribbled the word “Ned” all over the placemat in blue crayon.
Ned? this guy said, as if he hadn’t the faintest idea of what the waiter was talking about.
In fact, he didn’t. He had no idea who had scribbled “Ned” all over the placemat in blue crayon. He had been busily diagramming his evil scheme, which was, it must be admitted, directed at Ned. But he had only managed to complete the broad outlines as well as the diagram of the box. He had no idea who (to way nothing of “why?” he or she had done it) had scribbled “Ned” all over that placemat (as well as the other three extra placemats, he noticed glancing around the table). Maybe it was the same person who had drunk all that coffee.  That made sense. Maybe that person was especially susceptible to caffeine and after having slugged down six cups had started scribbling out of sheer jitteriness. Who could say?
Yeah, Ned, the waiter said. You wrote “Ned” all over all these placemats. Who’s Ned?
I don’t have the faintest idea of what you’re talking about, said this guy.
He grabbed the placemat out of the waiter’s hand and quickly snatched the other three from the table top.
(It suddenly occurred to him that in some way, these placemats were “evidence.” They were the kind of evidence you had to tear up or burn or bury or stash away somewhere—say in a safety deposit box in a bank with instructions (notarized instructions) that it not be opened until after your death.).
He’s the other guy in your apartment building, isn’t he? said the waiter. The guy with the shoes, the whistling guy, right? His name is Ned, isn’t it? Don’t worry, you’re going to tell me all about him.
I’m going to pay my bill now, said this guy. 
He managed to extricate himself from the booth and brushed past the smart ass waiter, who still had his hand in front of his face as if he were still examining the incriminating placemat, but of course he wasn’t because this guy had just snatched it away.
Really, it’s O.K., this guy could hear the waiter’s voice say from someplace behind him.  You’re going to tell me all about him.  He’s your predicament, right? And I’m going to tell you all about my predicament. Hey, man, it’s O.K.
But this guy was already handing his money to the silent and motionless woman behind the cash register, who took it, wordlessly, and returned his change and receipt. This guy grabbed the change and receipt, stepped through the little vestibule, which was empty, and pushed out the front door into the parking lot without looking behind him.
Outside, the sunshine was blinding.  It was afternoon now, and it was hot.
II
His name was Bob. This guy’s name was Bob. I remember now. It was the very first thing he said when he walked in. He came right in here and introduced himself. He stepped right in, looked me in the eye and said, Hi! I’m ---, and then he said his name. He said, Hi, I’m Bob! Just like that, complete with exclamation marks.
He was excited. I was excited too. First off, I don’t get too many visitors in here and can never be sure which has been my last; so naturally I’m exceptionally pleased when someone shows up; and secondly, in order for him to get in, somebody had to open the door and when the door was open, a nice big triangle of afternoon light fell smack across the center of the floor (and across my face, I could feel it. I felt that light on my face). And thirdly, for a moment, I saw Bob’s face. Just for a moment, I saw Bob’s face illuminated by the nice big triangle of light that fell in with the opening of the door.
During that brief interval of illuminated time (occasioned by the opening of the door), I could see with absolute clarity every feature of Bob’s face. But then of course, once he was in, someone closed the door and everything went dark again. But that was a relief too.
(It was a really great day, the day I met this guy, that is to say, the day I met Bob. The great thing about just a little bit of light—or actually quite a lot of light but light of short duration—is that after it has left and you are back in the darkness again, it’s not the same darkness, for a while. It’s a different darkness, a fresher darkness, for a while.   Granted you can get pretty fed up with darkness, so when the light comes in, it comes in as a great relief—a relief from the exceptionally long darkness that preceded it—but here’s the amazing thing: when the light goes away again, even after a very brief interval, the darkness that comes back also comes as a relief—a relief from all that light—and for a while, it’s completely different from the long, old darkness you’d gotten fed up with and has the quality of a new, fresher, virgin darkness, ripe with possibilities.)
I have to admit though that Bob’s face didn’t look too good. It looked, in fact, like it had been through the wringer. When the door opened a crack—just enough to let Bob in and the big triangle of light—and before it closed again, during the time in which Bob said, Hi! I’m Bob!--I could make out every feature of his face in perfect clarity, and I must admit that face, his face, Bob’s face, looked like it had really been through the wringer.
It looked as if a whole hell of a lot of expressions of every conceivable kind had passed over and through it in a rapid but lengthy succession, with each expression leaving behind a faint imprint of itself, a track smearing the expression preceding it, only to be smeared in its turn by the track of the succeeding expression; and this amalgam further smeared by the next expression and so on and so forth right up to the expression he came in with, which, nonetheless, bore all the hallmarks of elation as if he himself had just remembered his own name and was announcing this knowledge to me when he said, Hi! I’m Bob!
Hi Bob! I said, for I too was elated, not only by the suddenly realized prospect of a visitor and the light (on my face) but most of all by the resumption of a fresh darkness.
Come in! Sit around! I said. You can sit anywhere you want in here--there’s no furniture! (I wanted to make him feel at home. I would have been happy even if he decided to sit on my lap. But of course he didn’t do that. He shuffled blindly through the darkness until he ran into the wall and sat down against it, just like everyone else).
It must be strange for you, I said, being the guy who just came in. I don’t really know what that’s like myself because I’ve always been the guy who was already here, but I don’t want that to come between us. I sympathize. I really do. Now if I were the guy who just came in, I’d probably be looking for the low down. I’d probably be thinking I missed something, something that happened before I came in. I might even be thinking that whatever it was I missed, it was both critical and determining and that if I had been here for that then it might not be so bad to be here for this now. At least, I might be thinking, I’d know what was going on. Well, Bob, I said, if that’s the kind of thing that’s rolling around in your head, I guess it’s my job—as the guy who was already here—to let you know that you are absolutely right.
I’m Bob, said Bob.
And I really wish I could help you out with that, Bob, I said. But I can’t. See, the truth of the matter is we’re just not in the same boat, you and me, Bob. What’s critical and determining for me is probably not what’s critical and determining for you. See, I’m the guy who was already here, right? And you’re the guy who just walked in. As far as I can remember, I’ve never been the guy who just walked in. I’ve always been the guy who was already here. So for me, it’s always been, I’m here by myself and then some other guy walks in, stays for a while but soon enough (and I can’t pin down the interval though I’ve tried Bob, I’ve tried really hard), I find myself here by myself again, thinking maybe another other guy will walk in.
For you it’s a whole different story, I said to Bob. Maybe you walk in and stay for a while then walk out. Maybe you walk in, stay for a while, walk out and then walk in someplace else. Who knows? Maybe you walk in, stay for a while, walk out, walk in someplace else and then someone walks in on you. Or maybe (though this would break all the rules I’ve been able to formulate) you walk in, then I go out and then I come back and walk in on you.  Or maybe you walk in and I go out and I never come back. Truth be told, it’s a crapshoot, Bob, I said.
I’m Bob, said Bob.
The key thing for me is, Bob, I said, once I’m in, I’m in. But the key thing for you is, once you’re in, you know you’re on your way out. At least that’s how it’s been up to this point, but like I said, who knows?
I’m Bob? said Bob.
And that’s pretty much all I got out of him for quite some time. At first, he wasn’t much of a talker. Or possibly, I was too much of a talker and that put him off. If you meet someone who is not much of a talker or even quite a bit of a talker, but right off the bat you start babbling at them a mile a minute, nine times out of ten all your talking will put them off regardless of whether they were inclined towards talking previously.  Of course, if that person really is not much of a talker under any circumstances, it doesn’t matter much what you do when you first meet them. That person is not going to just open up and start talking until a good deal of time has passed. That has been my experience, and so it was with Bob. Maybe I put him off or maybe he just wasn’t much of a talker, but he didn’t say much for quite some time. In fact, pretty much all he said was “Hi! I’m Bob.”
So I waited. It’s hard to say how much time passed before he began talking because in the absence of talking and light there was not much to mark the passage of time.  It was quite a long time, I am fairly sure.  It was long enough in any case for the fresh darkness—the darkness that had flooded the joint after the brief interval of light occasioned by Bob’s opening of the door—to grow less fresh and then stale and then more stale until it was at least as stale as the darkness that had preceded it.
But he did start to talk—silent Bob, the nontalker, did start talking; of course he did or how else could I have related to you all the stuff that was going on with him that day he conceived of his evil scheme to get even with Ned?
He started sometime, I think, not long before the stale darkness had grown so stale that it actually turned. (Like milk or cheese or fruit juice even, stale darkness will turn if you leave it long enough. It turns and curdles, actually, into something completely different.) His talking was a good thing then because while it didn’t prevent the stale darkness from turning, by the time the darkness did turn, Bob was deep into relating to me all the stuff that was going on with him on the day he conceived of his evil scheme to get even with Ned, and that provided a distraction.
When Bob finally did open his mouth, it wasn’t exactly words that came out, at least not words as we know them. For a long time, he kept pretty much to grunts and bodily sounds, eventually working his way up to “goo, goo” and “gaa, gaa” and the like. Then there was a second long period of silence; then he did start to use words as we know them but the way he put them together didn’t make any sense.  He said things like “Me man cow did you?” and “freezer toothpick gotta go” and then he wept without reserve and for longer than you might expect from a grown man, but after that he regained his composure, and I heard him shuffle to his feet and put on his glasses.
(As you can imagine, in a darkness like this, I have developed exceptionally acute hearing; in fact, it was possible from the faint sounds of the arms of his glasses sliding into place behind his ears and the upper rims of his glasses displacing the hair on his forehead (and of course, the relatively loud rub of the nose piece sliding across the bridge of his nose) to discern just what kind of glasses he was wearing as well. They were kind of nerd chic glasses with a black stylized brow across the top like the kind physicists might wear in science films shown to grade school students all across the country. They were smart ass glasses.) Then he cleared his throat and started talking:
Ned never stopped complaining, Bob said (standing Bob now, standing and talking Bob). Ned complained the whole time it took to get him into the box (six or seven hours, all night in fact), and even after he was completely inside and fully secured, when it should have been obvious even to Ned that I wasn’t interested, he continued to complain and he kept complaining well past sunrise.  Finally-around noon-I had to beat him with a flashlight, but even that didn’t stop his complaining.  He complained all the way through the beating and when it was over (I had to stop because my arm got tired), he was still complaining though he had lowered his voice.  From that point on, he complained in a whisper, more like a hiss—which has been, for me, in many ways, worse. I can hear it even now.
Bob paused for a moment as if to listen.  I listened too…   But I couldn’t hear anything. 
What a long weekend! said Bob. But successful! I finished the containment device on Friday night and had Ned all boxed up in it and subdued (more or less) by Sunday.
The box turned out quite well, much better than I expected, though I couldn’t find a metal box at all (what I really wanted) or a wood box of the appropriate size; so I had to settle for cardboard (but good sturdy cardboard, reinforced, water resistant, the kind soaked in wax). Unfortunately also, I had to forgo the pulleys. As it turned out while pulleys for rope, twine, wire or string are readily available, I couldn’t find anything appropriate for rubber tubing. (The woman at the hardware store was of no help whatsoever).
I had to make due with holes cut in the box itself. For each pulley in my design, I cut two holes, reinforced them with duct tape and ran the tubing out one and in the other so that the bit of cardboard in between functioned as a kind of pulley. I had to cut a lot of holes in the box, to the point where I was a bit worried that it might just fall apart, but luckily the cardboard was tougher than it looked and though the box sagged a bit, it held together. The tubing itself was the biggest problem chiefly because there was so much of it. When I had finally cut all the pieces, threaded them through the appropriate holes and looped the ends (to fit Ned’s fingers, arms, legs, elbows etc…  all his moveable parts), I was a little concerned that there might not be enough room inside the box for Ned. As it turned out, it was a tight fit (in fact, Ned never really did shut up about that) but it worked. I have pictures.
Bob pulled out what sounded like a couple of pieces of standard A-4 paper and shook them out in my general direction. Of course, I couldn’t see them as this place remained immersed in near total and fast curdling darkness, but below I have reproduced what I believe are the relevant documents (which I found among his belongings at a much later date).


(figure 1)

(figure 2)
 
I worked hard that Friday night, said Bob.  I was busy from the moment I got home from my shitty job until early Saturday morning.  I only stopped for a little while to go out and grab a roast chicken (that was a snap!) and consume it amidst the piles of rubber tubing and cardboard scraps. But it was satisfying work. Never have I enjoyed the confines of my shitty little room so much as I did that night I was making Ned’s box.
(It was his box to me then. While I worked on it so diligently—widening a hole here, snipping a piece of tubing there, whistling all the while—I began to think of the device as less of an instrument of torture, which it surely was if you want to get technical, and more as a kind of present. A present for Ned.)
It felt cozy there in my shitty little room in the wee hours of the morning, working under the yellow light and skein of shadows cast by my one caged bulb, with the faded curtains drawn and the door bolted. I felt safe and hidden and snug, and when it was all finished (after I had swept all the leftover bits of cardboard and tubing into a tidy pile beside the dismounted mirror in the closet and slid the closet door shut); I turned off the light, took off my clothes and sat on the edge of my mattress in my boxers, gazing at the box, its dark bulk clearly discernable in the deeper darkness of the room. That’s Ned’s box, I thought. I made it. I made it at last.
You can bet I slept well, well into the morning.
But, Bob? I said because I had a question. In fact I had raised my hand some time before but, of course, Bob didn’t notice it because he couldn’t see a damn thing. It seemed to me that he had left something out. I thought it might be important, maybe even critical and determining, but he ignored me completely.
As you can imagine, I hadn’t had a good night’s sleep in some time, said Bob. In fact, I hadn’t slept well (or even at all, as far as I can recollect) since that horrible Sunday afternoon a week before, immediately following the morning during which I had successfully sketched out the broad outlines of my scheme and designed its one key element, the box. That was a tricky afternoon to be sure, and it left me rattled—so rattled in fact that I was unable to sleep for the entire following week. (Come to think of it though, I have never been much of a sleeper and in fact, I don’t believe I slept well even the night before that fateful morning or, for that matter, any of the nights previous.)
To begin with, said Bob, getting out of the Denny’s was no mean feat, and although I did—somehow, miraculously—manage to evade the men in white vans in the parking lot and then in the streets and alleys in the immediate vicinity, it was a nerve-wracking business. The very moment I stepped out of the dark Denny’s into cascades of afternoon sun, I realized instantly that though I had successfully squelched the impulse to flee blindly without paying the bill (which certainly would have resulted in my immediate apprehension postehaste, no questions asked) I was far from in the clear.
See, previous to that crucial moment (during which I passed from the soft aquarium like ambiance of the Denny’s with its muted light and whispering muzak into the sun pounded afternoon) I had always regarded the men in the white vans as agents of a malevolent force to be sure but of one that was basically disinterested; that is, directed at the public in general. But just after I stepped across the threshold of the Denny’s (from its cool shaded vestibule with the well used industrial doormat and squat bubble gum machine with pictures of crippled children on top into the parking lot squashed flat and steaming under a towering column of blazing afternoon) it came to me in a flash that far from disinterested, the men in white vans were (had to be--it all added up so neatly, given the waiter, the phantom coffee drinker, the illicit menu scribbler etc…) nothing less than full blown Agents of Ned, in his pay and employ and in all likelihood at that very moment, focused laser-like on one single objective: fulfilling their key role, whatever it might have been, in Ned’s evil scheme directed at none other than yours truly.
Thank God, I have my receipt, I thought half-way across the parking lot.  The men in white vans were without a doubt immensely powerful and completely without scruple but that didn’t mean they could act with total impunity. This was America after all. While it might have been plausible, in broad daylight on a Sunday afternoon, for one of the white vans to screech to a curb and disgorge its highly-trained professionals to bundle off an unarmed, fully clothed, not demonstrably erratic passer-bye (me) in the immediate vicinity of a Denny’s under the public assumption that said passer-bye had left without paying his bill; such a charade would not go over—not in this country—if the above mentioned unarmed, fully clothed, not demonstrably erratic passer-bye were carrying a receipt, and especially if that receipt were prominently displayed. The public simply wouldn’t stand for it.
So I held the receipt in front of me as if I were examining it for an error as I made my crabbed way out of the parking lot and then the streets and alleys around the Denny’s and I kept it in front of me for quite sometime afterwards. (How difficult! How demanding of subtlety was that passage from the zone of maximum danger to the relative safety of the surrounding neighborhoods! On one hand, it was necessary to assume the most upright posture and straightforward demeanor possible in order to enshroud myself with the aura of the very last person one might expect to be bundled off by the men in white vans. On the other, in terms of actual movements, I had to employ maneuvers of the utmost circuitousness to give the slip to the unseen (as they were behind me and it would have been suicide to look back) but undoubtedly present Agents of Ned engaged in surreptitious but nonetheless hot pursuit.
My method was simple but canny. To move away from the Denny’s in a straight line or even a finely calibrated zig-zag too strongly suggested a situation of out and out flight (the true situation to be sure) but any path that made a circle (in addition to failing in the main objective of getting the hell away from the Denny’s) suggested out and out imposture (also the true situation to be sure). Therefore I was forced to adopt two simple rules and allow them to govern my movements completely: 1) turn left frequently (in order to avoid a straight line); and 2) never turn on the same corner twice (to avoid a circle). The resulting path looked something like this:   
I heard Bob again pull out a sheet of what sounded like standard A-4 paper and shake it out in my general direction. I couldn’t see what was on it any more than the previous two sheets of paper but I have reproduced below what I believe is the relevant document, which I found later among his belongings:


 
Getting that far took me most of the afternoon, said Bob, re-crumpling the paper. But the sidewalks were clean now and dry, and with every step I took I felt the pleasant sense of danger receding further and further behind me. Without the least intention on my part--which should be obvious from the diagram—I had arrived right in front of the parking lot of the (roast chicken-less) supermarket third closest to the shitty little room.
The supermarket looked perfectly normal, said Bob, in as much as I could tell, as I had never seen it before on a Sunday afternoon. In, among and through the usual crowd of smoking and spitting derelicts clustered around the entrance, shoppers were coming and going, singly and in little knots of twos and threes. Virtually all those going carried plastic bags bulging with grocery store purchases or better yet pushed whole carts full of goods to load up the trunks of their cars. To the few, actually only two, that I saw exiting the supermarket without carrying goods of any kind, I shot a suspicious glance, which each quite clearly answered with a look of shame, hostility and (alarmingly) recognition. I wasn’t as yet completely safe.
Holding my receipt in front of me in one hand like this, Bob said—and I could hear the paper flap in the darkness—And keening back on one heel like this, said Bob—and I could hear dust grinding against the tiling under his shoe—I swung my other arm and leg—a rustle—and pivoted through a complete 360 degree turn like this--
(There was a shuffle, a flap, a very soft whoosh, a final tap and scrape and then silence, slightly labored breathing, and then silence. He had turned completely around (front to back) and around again (back to front) to resume exactly his previous position. He did it in a single movement, on one foot, and without displacing an inch of darkness. I would have given anything to have been Bob at that moment.)
All clear, said Bob. There was no sign of white vans or even of panel trucks with windows spray-painted white in the immediate vicinity. I could only infer then that the Agents of Ned, foiled for the moment by my circuitous and seemingly aimless wandering away from the Denny’s, had fallen back to the next critical juncture--that is the building containing my shitty little room--and were now in the process of decamping at various key points in the vicinity in all likelihood under the expert direction of Ned himself (crouching in the muddy yard, still wearing the green overalls and hip boots, pretending to dig up the squirrel holes with his trowel, while actually directing his minions in curt authoritative phrases whispered into a cell phone concealed in his boot.)
It would be suicide to go back to the shitty little room. That much was certain. Though I would have much preferred a good deal more preparation, I realized in a flash I had no alternative but to initiate the execution of my evil scheme directed at Ned immediately as it was, with the planning stage hardly even begun. It was now or never.
I carefully removed the Denny’s menus from my back pocket, sorted through the garbage to find the one with the broad outlines of the plan, and examined it in a manner that I hoped suggested consulting a grocery list. 
There it was, the first phase of the scheme, clear as day, in bright red crayon: Lull Ned. Perfect, I thought, as Ned was half-lulled already, waiting around in front of the shitty old building in a state of supreme overconfidence for what he thought was my imminent return. But I simply wasn’t going to be there. The trick now was not to be anyplace else. I stuffed all the menus back into my pockets and allowed myself to drift toward the entrance of the supermarket.
No problem getting in. The automatic doors swung open the very moment I put my feet on the mat. An elderly derelict managed to grab a corner of my blue blazer as I passed but he had to let go when the glass door swung shut behind me. I grabbed a wire basket from a pile of wire baskets just inside the door and moved purposefully through the aisles to gather a few items that I imagined someone (other than myself who dined exclusively on noodles with a roast chicken thrown in occasionally as a treat) might find themselves in need of on a Sunday afternoon in the late fall (early winter):  a six pack of beer, a large package of hamburger, a loaf of brown bread, mustard and a small package of diapers.
(The diapers were pure inspiration and, as it turned out, right on the mark. It had never before occurred to me to purchase diapers at a supermarket. In fact, I can’t say for sure that I was even previously aware that supermarkets stocked diapers. But there they were right next to the pet food in an aisle connecting the dairy section to the bakery.  I grabbed a package and dropped it into my basket on pure impulse.
How right that impulse proved to be! With the diapers prominently displayed on top of the pile of goods in the basket, I became more invisible than I have ever been in a supermarket. 
I smiled at everyone with whom I made eye contact. (And there were quite a few!) I smiled shyly at the old women, winningly at the young women, smugly at the teen-agers and with commiseration at the men. I even smiled conspiratorially at the supermarket clerk—whom undoubtedly I, in my present guise, had met on numerous previous Sundays when dispatched to purchase precisely these same items. But the clerk—a squat young woman with a sloping forehead—did not react at all, even as she scanned the diapers.
I exited the supermarket—a bulging plastic bag dangling from each hand—a new man. “Bob” was well on the way to nonexistence. You could bet in time Ned would be made aware of “his” absence, thereby completing the first phase of my plan. How much more lulled could Ned get than to fall under the mistaken impression that his erstwhile adversary had simply ceased to exist? Now all that was required before initiating phase two (Lure Ned into the Apartment) was the passage of time.
The sun was low and the shadows were getting long. A chill had returned to the air. Pinkish light glinted on the rows of windshields in the lot. A black sports car with tinted windows passed in front of the supermarket with its stereo turned all the way up—pulsing out bass like an immense and disembodied heart. I noticed for the first time little birds everywhere, a couple pecking at the sidewalk, a few on the dumpster in the corner of the lot, several sprinkled at random on the roofs of cars, a whole line of them observing everything from a telephone wire stretched across an alley.
I shuffled toward the bus stop in front of the supermarket. I was struck by the number of distinct human faces I encountered on the way there—three or four going into the supermarket, two or three waiting for the bus—an abundance of faces.  Any one of them was much more than I could take in, and there I had seen six (or seven).
(I knew what Bob was talking when it came to faces. I have been exposed to very few faces (Bob’s for example) and always only for seconds at a time—but any one of them was more than enough to fall into.  If my memory were that good (and it isn’t), I could probably spend the rest of my time here (no matter how long that turns out to be) doing nothing other than recalling the features of a single face.)
I arrived at the stop and melted into the crowd.
This was easily done. The three or four random people waiting for the bus were more than sufficient. I merely assumed the expectant posture I observed in the others: leaning out toward the street to see if the bus were coming (no luck!); then glancing back surreptitiously at my reflection in the supermarket window behind me (it waved and smiled); then staring absently straight ahead across the street where a knot of teenagers were loitering in front of a café; then dropping my gaze to my shoes.
By the time I had completed this succession of gestures three times, “Bob” (I could safely say) had disappeared completely. “He” had become the fourth of the three or four waiters for the bus (or the fifth of the four or five). What bliss to find oneself a definite constituent of an indeterminate number!
I was sure now that I had slipped completely below Ned’s radar screens. I could feel the absence of his gaze; and it felt good--very, very good--like stepping out from under an abnormally low ceiling or emerging from a hole. I felt safer than I had in days; safer in fact than I had in all the long days preceding this one—that long gray stretch of before coextensive with the darker shadow of my definite self, which, as it fell along that infinite expanse, shaded toward the same gray and, at some distant and unfixable point, converged with it.
That was it! Before!
About that “before,” Bob, I started to say because I suddenly had an idea about what Bob might have left out. It was something very important, something I was sure Bob would want to know--but he rolled right over my voice.
Sure enough, after a while, the bus showed up, said Bob. My fellow waiters and I formed a line instantly and without a fuss—like good children at school.  The first three (or four) stepped quickly up the steps without grumbling or complaints as if it were the most natural thing in the world. The fourth (or fifth—I was the last, that is fifth or sixth) an elderly woman hunched over an aluminum walker, shuffled onto a little platform beside the steps and with a low whine of hydraulics was lifted up to the top. As I watched her hunched form ascend—up, up past the first step and then up, up past the second) a fear passed through my body from back to front like a wall of cold air. Suddenly I knew. I knew there was no way I was going to get on that bus.
(That was where it had all started after all, on a bus. All the nasty ideas, I realized now, were mere preludes to the one I was going to actually carry out, the evil scheme directed at Ned. And this scheme itself was a mere prelude, a necessary precondition, to the initiating of Ned’s evil scheme directed at me. I was in danger of falling into a loop. In fact, this was it, wasn’t it? It was nothing less than the culminating moment of Ned’s evil scheme directed at me! I could see it now as clearly as if it were written out in big sloppy letters scrawled in green crayon across the back of a Denny’s menu: “…#5 Flush Bob from Denny’s. #6 Lure Bob on Bus. #7 See step #1.”)
That’s it! Step #1, I said. But Bob wasn’t the least bit interested.
It was my turn but I didn’t get on, said Bob. Instead, I put down my bags and knelt by the curb on one knee as if to tie my shoe (a desperate last ditch evasion) and there on the curb, I found a letter. I picked it up.
The bus moved on.
I held the letter in front of myself in exactly the same manner I had earlier held the receipt, but now instead of merely pretending to examine it, I actually examined it. I drifted away from the bus stop with both bulging plastic sacks dangling from my left hand and the letter held up in front of my face in my right.
It wasn’t postmarked. The return address indicated a street and number directly behind the supermarket. I let myself drift around the first corner and then the second (two left turns). I found myself at the end of a short, nondescript street with nondescript rectangular houses on identical rectangular lots laid out at right angles on either side, like the teeth of a zipper.
(They were green lawns, patched and spattered with orange and red leaves, thin trees here and there, a red tricycle, an abandoned shopping cart.  Each lawn was bisected by a clean white sidewalk leading up to its cement slab porch, identical to the porches on all the other houses. Shadows swooned all over the place (it was early Fall now, late in the afternoon): shadows of houses, little trees, big trees, tricycle shadows, shopping cart shadows. But no people. Where were the people?
(Or maybe I’ve got it all wrong. There were no people outside. Why? Because the people were all inside, sleeping. They were sleeping because it wasn’t early in the evening. It was in the middle of the night. It was in the middle of the night in winter; everything smoothed to lumps, smothered in snow, bracketed in ice. And the houses weren’t houses at all; they were barracks full of sleeping soldiers, soldiers in the army of Ned, waiting to wake up. But I’m getting ahead of myself.))
I drifted across the street and down the sidewalk, glancing alternately at the numbers plaqued above and to the right of each door I passed and the number in the return address on the envelope. They grew proximate in uneven hops and jumps (1664, 1672, 1674, 1686… ) until suddenly, with a shock, they matched.
I drifted up the short sidewalk in front of the matching house, stepped onto the porch, set the groceries at my feet and reached up to the mail box—black, rectangular with hooks extending from the bottom and a red flag (down) attached to one side. I clipped the letter to the hooks with a clothespin dangling from one of them for just that purpose, and snapped the red flag up.
I picked up the groceries, nudged the screen door open with my foot, pushed the tongue on the door handle with a free thumb (the door was not locked) and shouldered my way into the house.
No-one was home.
I walked across a cream colored carpet through a large living room-dining room and pushed through a swinging door into the kitchen.  I put the beer, hamburger and mustard in the fridge right away. I put the chips and cookies next to a box of cereal in a cupboard beside the sink and the bread in a deep drawer below the counter. There was an identical bread bag with two crusts in it in the bottom of the drawer. I took the crusts out and after a moment’s thought (it didn’t seem right to throw away bread, but who was going to eat these crusts?) I threw them away in a waste basket under the sink.
I stepped through a short hallway out of the kitchen and into the kids’ room (a little bed in one corner and a cradle across from it against the opposite wall; duckies and birdies and bunnies all over the place) and set the diapers on a changing table.
I stepped across the room to a door on the far wall (next to the crib, opposite the door I had come in) opened it and stepped into the “master” bedroom (a king-sized bed, chest of drawers, tall closet with sliding doors with full length mirrors on them).  I took off all of my clothes and tossed them into a plastic laundry basket in the corner and walked toward the bathroom.
The bathroom door was half-open next to the big closet and kitty corner from the door I had come in. The left most closet door was also half-open, revealing two or three white button down shirts, hanging neatly on wire hangers, as well as their owner (presumably) suspended motionless by his neck from a belt looped around a joint of exposed plumbing in the ceiling.
Curiously, my naked reflection (staring out of the mirror on the far left, next to the dead guy) seemed to be watching me as I approached the bathroom and we approached each other—it slid left to right from mirror to mirror (had the mirrors extended to the bathroom door, our hands would have met on the doorknob)--and more curiously, not one of the three of us—the dead guy, my reflection, or myself—resembled either of the others in the least.
I could hear Bob scratch his head.
You would have thought we would have, wouldn’t you? said Bob. Certainly at least my reflection and myself should have looked somewhat alike. I guess we were basically the same size and shape, had the same hair and skin color etc… but you never would have mistaken one for the other—especially if you saw us both nude like that. It was a lot hairier than I am, for example, and its eyes were closer together. Its teeth were in much better shape also. But the most striking dissimilarity was in the way it moved.
It moved—as it hopped from mirror to mirror from the dead guy to the bathroom—altogether more lightly and gracefully than I did. Watching it, I could almost feel the reflection of the carpet pushing up lightly and firmly under the balls of its feet. It crouched just a bit as it moved and looked as if it might turn a handspring at any given moment. It moved with the grace of an animal. Of course, my demeanor was completely different, and as for the dead guy, he didn’t move at all, just hung up there from the plumbing with his swollen tongue crammed up in the corner of his mouth.
I stepped into the bathroom, peed, took a shower, toweled off with a damp towel hanging on a chrome bar (and when I was done I draped it over the shower curtain rod to dry—I didn’t want the dead guy’s wife to think I was a slob) and stepped back into the bedroom to dress.  I grabbed one of the button down shirts from the closet but then thought better of it and put it back.  I went through the dresser, found some underwear, jeans and a sweatshirt with the name of a college on it and put them on as well as a pair of white sneakers I grabbed from the closet.
I left the bedroom by a door next to the bed. It led to a little hallway connecting the bedroom and the kitchen. Half way down this hall, there were steps leading to a side door that opened on the driveway. I stepped out the side door just as I heard some commotion coming from the front of the house—a door creaking open, a woman’s voice and children laughing.
It was dark outside.
As dark as it is in here? I asked, interrupting Bob, and he must’ve been in a good mood or maybe just too tired to roll right over my voice or maybe he was just pausing on his own (lost in thought, trying to remember what happened next) and this pause just happened to coincide with my interrupting remarks.  In any case, for whatever reason, he let me speak.
I’m only asking, I said, because I think I’ve been there. That is I think I’m familiar with that darkness. Was it total darkness? Complete darkness? Could you see anything? Could you make out even the outlines of things?
I don’t think it could’ve been that dark. The side door led out to the driveway (a driveway beside the house), so it’s very likely you were standing near a car and that car was glinting, glinting in the darkness. (Cars are shiny. In fact it’s impossible to imagine a car completely obscured by darkness. Just try it!) and you couldn’t have been that far from the street. (This is no mansion you are talking about here, but more of a duplex. You haven’t said anything about the second floor. Who lived upstairs?). So there must’ve been some light coming from the streets, and there should’ve been a little garage somewhere behind you (for the car) and quite possibly that garage had one of those spotlights mounted on a corner of the roof, pointed right at the door, possibly equipped with a motion sensor which would have snapped on the very moment you stepped out.
(There you were, weren’t you? There you were--emerging from the side door of someone else’s house, with someone else’s clothes—the white sneakers, the jeans, the sweatshirt with the name of a college on it--transfixed under a splash of light.)
But even if none of these light sources had been available (due perhaps to the irritating but in all likelihood temporary inconvenience of a sudden power outage), there still would have been stars, right?
The house next door was wedged right next to the driveway, so when you looked up there between the roofs of the houses, there would’ve been a band of night sky, and if it were clear (a clear autumn night) even in the city, you would have seen stars, right?
But wait just a minute, Bob! I said. (I was on a roll.) Band of night sky? Between the roofs? Stars? You were lying on your back, weren’t you? What happened? Did someone knock you down? Did you trip?
In any case, the light went out, didn’t it? It went out because you had fallen below the beam of the motion sensor. Fallen or knelt.
That’s it. You knelt. You decided all on your own to lie there. You were tired. You had spent your entire life (that long succession of days, that long gray shadow falling behind your definite self) standing up in one way or another and then, suddenly, you got the idea in your head that you had had enough. You couldn’t remain standing any longer. You wouldn’t. You were going to lie down right then and there wherever you happened to be and if you happened to be in a driveway, so be it!
You knelt and the you lay down, stretched out on your back, in the driveway behind the car, without any pretext for doing so simply because you’d had enough of standing.
(And you knew, soon enough, people would be waiting for you inside. You had just stepped out for a moment to get something, from the car or the garage or the backyard, something unimportant but required at that moment in the evening. So they would be waiting for you inside, the woman, the children, other people. Maybe the telephone was ringing and woman picked up and the person on the other end wanted to talk to you and so the woman said, Just a minute. He’s stepped out; he’ll be right back. So that person was waiting for you too. You could feel all that waiting like tugs on your clothing. You could feel it tugging harder. You felt if you lay there long enough the tugging would reach sufficient intensity to actually drag your inert body across the edge of the driveway, over the threshold of the side door, up the short staircase and back into the house.
And it was at that moment, wasn’t it, Bob? I said (because I had a real inkling at this point, and I felt it was my duty to let Bob in on it).
It was at that moment you got up and decided on the spot to move out of the house you had been living in (you were living there too, weren’t you, Bob? You had been living there for some time—you, the woman, the two children, the dead guy and your reflection—quite a menagerie, wasn’t it, Bob?) and into the shitty little room on the other side of town?
And in the shitty old building containing the shitty little room you met Ned and conceived of your evil scheme, and in the course of carrying out that evil scheme, you were flushed from a Denny’s and over to a supermarket, where you “found” a letter (It was your letter, wasn’t it, Bob? Your letter written to yourself) with a return address that led you back to that very same house, where you changed clothes, snuck out the side door and lay down in the driveway and--
That’s absurd! said Bob, cutting me off (rudely, I might add). How could I, having written a letter to myself (weird enough all by itself), drop it in front of a bus stop and then contrive to “find” it again in the very same place months or even years later?
And even if I could have managed all that (and I admit it only for the purposes of argument) Bob went on, could I have done it in absolute secrecy? Would it have been possible, given the forces arrayed against me, to have somehow miraculously prepared in advance the key maneuver that allowed me to escape the elaborately conceived and flawlessly executed evil scheme directed at myself at the very brink of its culminating moment without someone finding out? Without, in a word, Nedfinding out?
Yes, Ned! said Bob. Ned! who was at that very moment, the moment I exited the house wearing the dead guy’s clothes, in a rare state of confusion—still in the front yard, still pretending to dig up squirrel holes while at the same time directing his minions through a cell phone concealed in his boot.
But actually, at this point, he wasn’t directing anyone, said Bob. By this point, you could be sure, the steady stream of curt authoritative phrases had dribbled out into a growing pool of puzzled silence following what should have been a routine report of my movements logged quarter hourly from each of his agents.
“We’ve lost him,” said one of his particularly lowly underlings, perhaps still stationed outside the Denny’s, “Check sector 8.” And then sector 8 chimed in “Negative. Lost here. Check 9.” And then Nine, through a cloud of static, “Niner neg; lost here. Check 10” and then ten and eleven with the series continuing to an improbably high number after which there was a long pause in which Ned could do nothing but breath into the phone waiting for confirming double checks; which came, one by one, with startling rapidity: “Neg 1,” “Neg 2,” “Neg 3,” “Neg 4,” “Neg” “Neg” “Neg”…  and then a long wait, Ned waiting for one of the agents to realize his mistake and call in a revision, and the longer that call didn’t come the more confused and paralyzed Ned became.
It was dawning on him now that I had, for all operational purposes, ceased to exist but it was one thing to come to that conclusion and quite another for Ned to accept it. So there was another lag, a long lag, during which Ned knew he had lost me but was as yet incapable of accepting the fact; and when I look back on everything that had happened up to this point (as well as all that was going to happen afterwards), I consider this lag my sweetest victory.
After all, said Bob, what was Ned without me? How could he stand it there crouched in the muddy yard, trowel in hand, pretending to dig up a squirrel hole that in all likelihood he himself had dug earlier, all the while listening, with growing hopelessness, to a gush of silence leaking from a cell phone concealed in his boot?
With no reports of me coming in, said Bob, ardently, with indeed no “me” to report on, how could he even be sure which was the pretense and which was the reality? For that long interval—two, three, seven minutes but long enough—what, indeed, was Ned?
Nothing, said Bob. Or rather as close to nothing as it was possible to get. That is, a collection of inordinately lengthy limbs disposed in an unlikely configuration, pinned and wriggling against the electrified curtain of my absence.
But I didn’t have time to gloat, said Bob. The window had opened. I had to jump right through it without giving the matter a second thought. You can bet I didn’t waste any time stargazing on the concrete. Far from it, I jumped into the car in front of me.
Fortunately, there were a couple of keys in the dead guy’s jeans, and the first one I tried fit the lock.  The driver’s seat was jammed way up as if a dwarf had last used it, so I slid it back, fumbled a moment with the ignition and after a few tries, the car wheezed to life.
This dead guy, I thought, should really have the car looked at. It was running but it didn’t sound like it would be running much longer. I wasn’t too worried though; I only had to make it to the hardware store and then back to my shitty little room. After that, what happened to the car was none of my business.
I shifted into reverse, glanced into the rear view mirror (nothing, absolutely nothing, all clear) and shot backwards out of the drive way and into the street.
The city appeared darker from the inside of the car. Even though the streetlights were working (white globes on concrete pillars at regular intervals on both sides) the cones of light projecting from the headlights seemed to be parting a palpable darkness localized within a continuous arch over the street itself, like a tunnel. It was a bit creepy. I turned on the radio for company.
Apparently the dead guy had left it tuned to the news. A couple of smart ass reporters were in the midst of relating what sounded like one of those “breaking” “up to the minute” “unfolding” stories:
It looks like a scrub, Bob, said one of the announcers.  He’s still digging but at this point, I don’t think anybody really expects him to find anything. It looks like some of the agents are already packing up their gear, getting ready to head back to the base for a little R&R, and I’d say they deserve it.
I wouldn’t count it out yet, Bob, said the other announcer, breaking in. We’ve been surprised before. Besides these guys are ready to deploy at a moment’s notice. If this guy should show up again, you can bet the ATGPD will back in a flash and all over him like a cheap suit.
Of course no-one doubts the competence of the ATGPD, Bob, the first announcer broke in, me least of all. I did the fund-raiser last year you might remember, and boy! What a night that was! It’s a work hard, play hard world for these guys.
Wait a minute! said the second announcer. Here it is! The man is standing up now. He’s got the trowel in his left hand and in the right… it’s hard to make out; the TV guys have got the arc lamps behind him, blinding really, but you can make out the man pitch black in front—and a tall cool glass of water he is, I’ll tell you that—
Legendary, said the second announcer
—but there is something in the right hand, Bob. It might be…yes, I think it is—He’s got the box, Bob! He’s got the box and I believe now, he’s going to make a statement. Well whadaya—
I switched off the radio and pulled over.
I was only a couple of blocks from the hardware store. I thought it would be safer to walk the rest of the way. Chiefly, I thought, the intervening distance would give me the opportunity of disowning the dead guy’s car on my return trip should that become necessary.
(Say I got to the hardware store, I was thinking, and I found all the gear necessary to construct the containment device and bought it, it would definitely be a pain lugging all that stuff two blocks back to the car, but I certainly wouldn’t mind the labor if, as I turned the corner, I saw a bunch of cops--or maybe just suspicious passers-bye, or maybe even the dead guy’s wife with the two kids—hanging around the car waiting for the thief to return. If that happened, I’d be might glad I hadn’t driven it right into the parking lot in front of the hardware store because if I had, I’d be sure to get nabbed almost as soon as I’d stepped out of the store—with all that gear—at the very moment it became clear that I was going for the car.
On the other hand, with the car parked a few blocks away, in the instance that (having walked to the hardware store, procured the necessary equipment, loaded it onto my back and begun the long journey back to the car) I saw, from a block away, a knot of suspicious looking individuals (be they the cops, the neighbors, the dead guy’s family, whoever) hanging around the car in wait for the thief, you can bet I wouldn’t just turn myself in, no sir. Nor would I flee (impossible with all that junk and too suspicious).
No, I would just keep lugging all that stuff (the metal box, big enough for Ned, strapped to my back with duct tape) right down the block and past them, right past the dead guy’s car as if it meant nothing to me and conversely I meant nothing to it.
(That would be quite a trip, wouldn’t it? Imagine! A metal box--sufficiently large and durable for the perpetual imprisonment of Ned and chock full of rubber tubing, masking tape, belts, buckles, metal shears, a drill etc…--strapped to my back with, say, brown packing tape. I’d hardly be able to lift it by myself. The motionless woman at the hardware store (maybe even calling in the aid of a couple stock guys from the back room) would’ve had to hoist that monster to my back and apply the tape for me. And you can bet I’d be bent double under a load like that.
(And it would be none too easy to walk, but manageable if you were only going a short distance. You could, for example, stop a few times to rest on the way (maybe at a park bench) merely by crouching forward. You might grip the seat of the bench with your hands and lean forward until the projecting edge of the box rested on the top edge of the back. It would be restful like that. The bench would take on half the weight, and resting there, you might amuse yourself for a moment by looking through the cracks in the seat of the bench at the ground (maybe mud down there or grass growing or bugs or something…) and when you were ready to go again, you’d just kneel beside the bench, keening the weight of the box back onto your shoulders and then slowly stand up…)
But I was pretty sure I could manage to lug it out the door (automatic door, sliding apart in front of me) and out of the parking lot (devoid of an incriminating car) and to the corner and down the block where--lo and behold!--there would be the dead guy’s family (the woman, the two kids) hanging around the locked car, the woman, perhaps, wondering what to do (having found the car on her own, should she call the police? wait and confront the thief herself?) the toddlers bouncing around or crying depending on how they would react to the novelty of being out after dark like this in a strange place, inexplicably waiting beside Daddy’s car.
And you can bet, they’d see me approaching (half-crushed under the box; hobbling towards them like a turtle) but (and this is key) I wouldn’t mean anything to them; it would never occur to them that I was the one who had absconded with the car (not hobbling along with the box on my back like that), so I would be free to hobble right past them (coming with yards—the distance from the sidewalk to the middle of the strip of lawn separating it from the street) and as I did so, the worst that could happen would be a long embarrassed silence as the woman and I, making eye contact, considered and rejected the only possible basis for saying anything (mutual pleas for help; but, of course, help was impossible; how could I help them? (what with the enormous box on my back!) and how could they help me? (standing there beside the dead guy’s stolen car?); and so I would lumber right past the woman, exposed only in as much as I caught a distressed glance thrown from the corners of her helpless eyes.)
Umm, “Bob,” for your own good, I really think you ought to listen to me this time, I said. I was really trying to help him out. See, I knew now. I was pretty sure I’d figured out what was really going on. But unfortunately (again) he ignored me completely.
As it happened, said Bob, for good or ill, things didn’t turn out that way. I did manage to get to the hardware store and purchase the necessary equipment, but, as I have mentioned, a metal box was not available nor a wood one of sufficient size, so I had to settle for cardboard (but good sturdy cardboard, the kind soaked in wax). 
There was plenty of rubber tubing but no pulleys that fit, and the place was totally devoid of buckles and straps of any kind, so I resolved to make due with tubing along. In the absence of a metal box, I no longer needed metal shears or any kind of drill, but instead easily procured a matt knife, some duct tape and a sturdy pair of scissors. So there was no need for the motionless woman behind the cash register to help me with anything (if indeed she would have been capable, which, from the looks of her, was doubtful) or for that matter call in the services of the two stock guys, who were allowed to remain hidden, probably sleeping, in the back room.
I left the store easily under my own power with the cardboard box folded under one arm and a large plastic bag with the tubing, tape, scissors etc… in the other. When I turned the corner onto the block where the dead guy’s car was, no-one was there at all: no cops, no neighbors, no woman and kids.
(And you know, the block was actually quite nice at that moment, lit softly by globular street lights placed along the road at even intervals, nestled snug and quiet in a corner of the huge nasty city which, dormant now, unfolded out and away in every direction and forever but didn’t encroach.)
I may have started whistling as I approached the car, sauntered around to the back to throw my gear in the trunk and then hopped in the driver’s side. The engine caught at the first turn of the key. The car wheezed to life. I pulled away from the curb and flipped on the radio. The breaking story was still unfolding:
Did that make any sense to you, Bob? said the first announcer.
No, Bob, I can’t say that it did, said the second announcer. He was talking about a time-space thing. That’s about all I got out of it.
What would squirrels know about any of that, Bob? said the first announcer.
That was just a figure of speech, Bob, said the second announcer. To describe the holes. They’relike squirrel holes; the kinds of holes squirrels dig, you know, for winter, to put nuts in.
They’re not that intelligent, Bob, said the first announcer.
Who’s that? said the second announcer.
The squirrels, Bob, said the first announcers.
There are no squirrels, Bob, said the second announcer. We’ve been describing the holes that way just to give our listeners an idea of what they look like. The man said, I believe—give me a moment to find it in my notes, yes, here it is—that the holes were dug by the “Anti-Bob” who is moving backwards in time. Yup, that’s it. It was a time-space thing as far as I can figure it.
It’s just a trick, said the first announcer.
Certainly there is room for skepticism, no question about that, Bob, said the second announcer.
Squirrels don’t really know about winter, Bob, said the first announcer. They don’t have a clue. There’s no squirrel out there in a park somewhere sitting under a tree with a nut in its mouth thinking, Winter is coming, I better bury this. I can tell you that, Bob.
 Nix on the squirrels now, Bob, time-space thing, said the second announcer.
They find the nuts, yes they do, Bob, said the first announcers. But what I’m saying is that six weeks from now, you are not going to find a single squirrel in the entire city, shivering under a tree with its little paws empty, thinking, I know I buried a nut around here someplace.
I think you’ve gotten into your own thing here, Bob, said the second announcer.
They don’t do it that way, said the first announcer. They always put them in the same place. That’s how they do it. They have a routine. Like: two steps to the right, three to the left—nut! Then three steps to the left and one to the right—nut! Like that. They do it when they put the nuts in the ground, and then they do the same thing when they take them out. It’s instinct, Bob. They don’t have a clue about what they are doing. Every time, they find a nut, it’s a big surprise for them. Don’t you see? It’s like God put the nut there! It’s a miracle! They do the nut dance; they get a nut! Who can beat that? Why do you think they’re so fucking cheerful?
Do you really think you need to let our audience in on this, Bob? said the second announcer.
Ever eat a squirrel, Bob? said the first announcer. Well, I can’t say that I—
I flipped off the radio, pulled over and stopped. I was a couple of blocks away from the shitty little building where my shitty little room was. I grabbed the gear from the trunk and headed up the block.
Everything in the vicinity looked O.K. There was no sign of the guys in the white vans or the panel trucks with their windows spray-painted white. In fact, there was no sign of any agents of Ned at all. I turned the corner onto the block where the building was. There was no sign of Ned—just a knot of media types, hanging around, smoking cigarettes, getting ready to leave. A group of technicians in gray overalls were packing up arc lights, rolling up cables and stuffing everything into the back of a van (blue). Two middle aged guys in over-sized glasses, headsets and green blazers sat side by side in folding chairs on the sidewalk in front of the building, facing the yard. A squirrel or two dashed up the bare trunk of the scraggly tree on the mound in front as I passed, but no-one else paid me a bit of attention.
I had no trouble getting up the long, spooky staircase even with all that gear. There was no sign of Ned in the hall. I panicked a moment in front of the door to my shitty little room, realizing I’d left both keys in the pair of pants I took off at the dead guy’s house. Luckily, the keys in the dead guy’s jeans fit the lock perfectly. I opened the door and re-entered the room.
(On second thought though, I would have to talk to the landlord about that. Did all the dead guys in the city have keys to my shitty little room? I didn’t want dead guys showing up in the middle of the night when I might be engaged in various important projects, for example. And I certainly didn’t want them visiting the room while I was out and messing with my stuff. I’d have to get the lock changed. That was for sure.)
I felt like I had been away for ages, said Bob, though in actuality I had been there that very morning. As I may have noted, the room seemed cozier than when I had left it.  I threw the box and the gear into the big closet next to the dismounted mirror, took off the dead guy’s clothes (except for the boxers) and stretched out on the mattress, where I remained awake but inert until the following morning when I got up to go to work.)
Just one second, I interrupted again (and this time I managed to get a word in edgewise. Don’t get the idea that  “Bob” had suddenly turned into a good listener, far from it. I believe he shut up initially because I shouted “Just one second!” at the top of my lungs. I did that to get his attention. But also, I realized that though I had become aware of the true nature of the situation some time before, it just wouldn’t due to blurt it out flatly. “Bob” clearly wasn’t ready. So instead I decided to humor him a bit, probe his story gently in hopes he would come around to the truth on his own.) 
Are you telling me that you just went to work after all that? I continued quietly in what I hoped was a comforting tone of voice.
You just picked up your life on Monday morning where you had left off? I said. Because there are five more days left. You said earlier you made the box on Friday night and boxed Ned up in it on Saturday. So what about the week? Are you telling me you just trundled off to work and got through the entire week with all that gear in your closet ready to go? What about Ned? Didn’t you run into him in the hall? Did he just give up on his evil scheme directed at you?
Well, I have to admit, said Bob. It was an exceptionally good week. My shitty little job proved to be considerably less excruciating than it had been up to that point. I don’t think I thought about losing my shit at work even once. I had taken up whistling cheerfully, which helped quite a bit. Chiefly it kept my co-workers at bay.  They had no idea why “Weird Bob” (that’s what they called me. People are shit, aren’t they?) had begun whistling and walking with a bounce in his step, and you can bet they didn’t want to know.  Previous to this particular week, my co-workers would on occasion either individually or as a group (and there quite a few them, I can tell you) harangue me in the corridors with the most banal conversational sallies imaginable. (What’s up, Weird Bob? for example. Or, Cold enough for you, Weird Bob? and the like) to which I responded with equally banal rejoinders (Not much, for example. Or, Sure is.) which pretty effectively killed off any further verbal intercourse though it didn’t prevent them from trying again later on in increasingly shrill tones. (On one occasion the whole group launched a concerted effort that actually drove me into the meat freezer where I held up until quite late when they finally all gave up and went home.)
But during this particular week, I didn’t even bother to respond verbally to any of these minor assaults. Instead, I just continued to whistle without missing a note and smiled at whoever had made a remark in such a fashion as to allow all the contentment and even joy I felt at the impending successful implementation of my evil scheme to beam from every pore in the surface of my face. That shut them up all right. In fact by the end of the week I had them avoiding me altogether and could empty out the normally crowded common areas of my place of work just by passing in front of an open door.
And I had no trouble avoiding Ned, said Bob. He was still coming and going at the same times I did (force of habit I guess, but how empty all that coming and going must have been for him!) but I never ran into him in the hallway because when I went out and came back I was always very careful to use the backdoor.
Of course there was a backdoor, said Bob. I don’t know why it hadn’t occurred to me to use it earlier. Every shitty little room has a backdoor (and even nicer places, or so I’ve heard. It’s a law or something, isn’t it?).
No back door, here, Bob, I said. But he couldn’t have cared less.
The backdoor led out to a fire escape, said Bob, and the fire escape dropped down into the backyard, and the backyard was lovely, completely different from the front yard: no scrubby half dead lawn, no squirrel holes, no scraggly tree growing on a mound. It was a very nice place: thick green lawn, apple tree in the corner. In fact, passing through it regularly that week, it even occurred to me that I could spend quite a bit of time in that backyard if I had to. Even in the event (previously too horrible to contemplate) I were somehow locked out of my shitty little room (maybe resulting from some confusion with the keys, for example. I knew sooner or later I would have to get the landlord to change the lock in order to terminate any access the dead guys might have had to my shitty little room, and truth be told, he wasn’t too sharp and it was not at all unlikely that he’d screw it up. After changing the locks, he might, for example, mix up the keys, returning the dead guys’ keys to me by mistake and possibly even going so far as to re-distribute all the new keys to the dead guys. If that happened, I’d be locked out and you could be sure the dead guys would take advantage of the situation and move right in. That would really suck!
But, I thought, contemplating the pleasantness of the backyard, maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. Why, I figured, if something like that happened, I wouldn’t let the dead guys get me down; they could have the shitty little room if they really wanted it.  I’d just move right into the backyard! True, it was getting mighty cold out as winter set in for real, but I could always take a blanket with me. And maybe I’d just quit my shitty little job (I would hardly need it as I would no longer be paying rent at all) and start hanging out all day under the apple tree, wrapped in my old down comforter.)
Come to think of it, said Bob. That really was a good week. But that’s not to say there weren’t complications.
Yes? I said, coaxing.
For one thing, said Bob, as I’ve mentioned, I didn’t sleep a wink the entire week. For another, my mother started calling me at all hours and hanging up without saying anything. She had ceased to exist quite some time before, and I’d never given her my number, so I found all those calls a bit disconcerting. For another, perhaps the worst of the lot (as it turned out), the motionless woman to whom I paid my bill at the Denny’s (and whom I paid at the hardware store—-they were the same person. She must’ve been moonlighting. You almost have to do that these days, don’t you? If you have a shitty little job somewhere during the day, you almost always have to get another shitty little job at night, just to make ends meet) showed up quite uninvited in my room and, hardly even asking me if it was O.K., took up residence under a lampshade in the corner next to the window. I just want to be a lamp, she said. Is that too much to ask?
(I could hardly protest, said Bob. In the first place, it was clear that this was her sincere, if bizarre, request and well within my power to grant. I’m a sucker for humble requests. In fact, when confronted with a request of sufficient humility, I find it virtually impossible to say no. In the second place, she really did make a good lamp, of the novelty variety. If at some point in the future, I started to get visitors (and I was pretty sure I would once my evil scheme proved successful. News was sure to spread eventually, and that would bring inquirers (wanting to know certain technical details involved in the construction of the box, for example, or how it felt to have pulled off such a successful evil scheme on such modest resources etc… ) these visitors would undoubtedly be moved to comment favorably on the lamp.  After all, it was not too likely that anyone would have ever seen anything quite like it before. Your plaster figurine lamps—even of considerable complexity and detail—depicting dogs, for example, or owls, or cherubs—are a dime a dozen. But a living breathing human lamp, that was something to comment on. It’s true she didn’t shed much light, in fact, none at all. But that was hardly the point of a lamp like this, and there was already adequate lighting in the room from the caged bulb in the ceiling anyway).
So she moved right in, said Bob, and that seemed OK to begin with. (In fact, as it turned out, her presence was instrumental in luring Ned into the apartment, but I don’t want to get ahead of myself.) She proved to be exceptionally discrete, somehow managing to eat, drink, stretch, use the bathroom etc… exclusively when I was out of the room or sleeping. It’s true right off the bat, on Thursday night I believe, she started inviting friends over, but all of them had also adopted personas in the furniture line. So aside from creating a bit of temporary clutter (a couple of superfluous end tables squatting in the corner beside her for an evening, for example) they hardly impinged on my existence at all.
Now Bob, I said, that’s just what I wanted to talk to you about. Your existence.
I mean my life, said Bob.
Yes, I said, coaxing. He had finally responded to me. A very good sign.
You know, said Bob, the shitty job, my evil scheme to get even with Ned, my periodic consumption of roast chickens, my repeated passage through the lovely backyard etc… A couple of end tables could hardly get in the way of any of that. If she really needed the company, who was I to deny it to her? And besides, I already had an inkling of how she might come in handy, even prove instrumental, in perpetrating the next phase of my evil scheme.
Now that’s another thing I wanted to talk to you about, “Bob,” I said. (I felt we were really making progress here). Your scheme. Now, who was that scheme supposedly directed against?
Ned, you moron! said Bob.
Bingo! He was getting rude and heated. I was sure I’d touched a nerve. I let him go on.
Haven’t you been listening? said Bob. Good God! What else do you have to do in there? It’s pitch black and as far as I can tell completely devoid of anything that might distract you.
A classic move. You may have noticed he had directed the inquiry right back at me. I thought, given his tone, it might be best just to play along.
Sure, Bob, distractions right, I said. Well, there’s the darkness itself, isn’t there? You might recall it “turns and curdles” etc…
Bob projected a derisive and scoffing silence.
And there’s the prospect of another visitor, I said. I might be thinking ahead, for example, to the time after you leave. I might be wondering if someone else is going to show up or if you will have been the very last visitor. I might even be thinking further than that to the implications of either outcome.
Bob made a noise that sounded a lot like a contemptuous snort.
For example, I said, if I were contemplating the prospect of another visitor, I might be wondering how long after you left it would take that person to show up. Or I might be speculating as to whether that visitor would turn out to be a man or a woman; or I might be wondering whether whoever that visitor turned out to be, might there be something about him or her that would shed light on this whole visitation phenomena? Something to suggest a sequence, for example? Or if I was considering the possibility that you turn out to be my final, even culminating, visitor, I might speculate on what light that would shed on all the previous visitations.
And who exactly were all those “previous visitors”? said Bob. (And I can tell you I really didn’t appreciate his tone). Those visitors who came before me? The ones I don’t know about? The ones who may have been critical and determining but of whom I have no knowledge because I wasn’t here?
With that, it became obvious to me that there was no point (at least for the time being) in trying to educate Bob. I decided just to let him rant on for all he was worth. If nothing else, I knew how to keep my mouth shut, which is more than I can say for Bob, who just picked up from where he left off as if my interruption hadn’t taken place, as if, in fact, I weren’t there at all.
It was a good week, Bob continued. As I have mentioned, when I got home from work on Friday, I set to the preparation of the box and worked on it all night. And as I have also mentioned, the box turned out splendidly—not only in the physical mechanical sense of being a solid, reliable Secure Containment Device with Multiple and Recursive Feedback Loops that I had every confidence would fulfill its purpose perfectly, but also in the spiritual/emotional sense of being “present for Ned” providing me with the very genuine satisfaction of having painstakingly produced a fine piece of loving handiwork in a completely disinterested fashion (really what good was the box to me?) for another human being (my worse enemy no less, that is, Ned).
I slept in the following morning (Saturday), my first good night’s sleep in quite some time (in fact, ever), and when I woke up I felt as if a great cloud had been lifted from my life. 
All the surfaces of the universe I inhabited (it was my universe now: my shitty little room, for example, my front yard—with my scrubby trees and dug up squirrel holes—my lovely backyard, my shitty old building on its last legs, my peripheral area of the city—and when I got out that day (and I did in spades) my universe got bigger everywhere I went: my crummy little diner, my roast chicken-less supermarkets etc… even my Denny’s (though I only saw this last from a distance (well beyond the parking lot, briefly from across the street…no point in tempting fate further than that) awoke in a sheen of cleansing dew and this dew evaporated under the gentle touch of the morning sun, the surfaces of my universe shown with a vividness and radiance that exceed my meager capacity for description.
As you may have guessed already, this was no ordinary Saturday for me, said Bob. Nonetheless, aside from sleeping in and using the backdoor, I very scrupulously kept to my previously normal Saturday schedule. That is, I went out in the morning as if with the intention of staying out all day, but returned in the afternoon, as if with the intention of staying in all night, but left again relatively early in the evening and came home late and drunk enough to sleep.
Of course I kept to this schedule with the express purpose of eluding Ned. See, this particular path in space-time was exactly where Ned would have expected me to be before I had ceased to exist but now that, from his perspective, I was gone, it was by far the safest hiding place. And under these circumstances how different all those wanderings were! You see before all my failed wanderings had taken place within an airtight dome of exposure (clapped over me and screwed into the geography of the city like a glass over an ant on the sidewalk); and every door I ducked into and every park I skirted and every significant distance from home I managed to exceed only proved again and again that there was no place to hide, no place to hide from Ned.
But now, cloaked impenetrably in nonexistence, all these wanderings, more like tours or jaunts or excursions, took place under a green canopy of concealment; so far from returning to my shitty little room and then returning to the outside both out of the irreversible conviction that escape was impossible, I breezed in and out again purposefully out of a sense of duty lightly carried, duty to my evil scheme to get even with Ned now on the very brink of implementation.
I really felt sorry for “Bob” at this point, raving on like that. Even though he’d been pretty rude and recalcitrant before, I figured somebody had to wise him up. He was getting pathetic. Look Bob, I said, I don’t know how to break this to you, but—
So late that night, Bob went on.
(To say he wasn’t listening to me is an understatement. I believe he was actively anti-listening.)
After the “usual” evening of half-hearted disconsolate drinking, I did not sneak in through the back door (as I had been doing all week) but pushed my way through the front door, ascended the inordinately long staircase to the long spooky hallway with its bare bulb and knifing shadows and sure enough half way down it, there was Ned bent in front of the door to his shitty little room, key in hand, whistling at the top of his lungs.
Of course he heard me approach just as he had done the last time I ran into him, but just like the last time, he pretended he hadn’t.
I have to hand it to Ned. He was a cool character. It takes a bit of nerve to hear someone approach from behind when you are all alone in a virtually abandoned building in a crummy area of a nameless city late at night and pretend you don’t even when you are expecting it as he had the previous week; but that’s nothing compared to the nerve involved with hearing someone approach from behind when you are all alone in a virtually abandoned building in a crummy area of the city late at night and pretending you don’t when that approach takes you completely by surprise. Nonetheless he managed it. He kept whistling and fiddling with the lock as if nothing were amiss until I was practically on top of him.
Hey Ned, I said, said Bob. You’re not going to believe this, but I’ve got a girl in my room. She thinks she’s a lamp. You wanna see?
And I could tell this was the perfect line. Ned was completely discombobulated. I could tell because he stiffened perceptibly. Nevertheless he didn’t turn around or stop fiddling with the lock. In fact he managed to maintain the pretence that he was unaware of my existence right up to the moment when, having opened his door and stepped in, he turned around to pull it closed.
What? said Ned, finally looking up.
And I have to admit, said Bob, his face didn’t look too good. Not good at all. I could make out every line and crease and particle of expression projected from what can only be described as a shattered mask and I can tell you right out that it didn’t look too good.
That’s it! Bob is totally out of line here. He has confused his own face with Ned’s. He may not be interested, but you should at least know the truth. Not too long before Bob showed up here, I did have another visitor. (Of course! And quite a few before that, I’ll have you know.) That visitor was none other than Ned. And I can tell you when the door cracked open to admit him and a triangle of light sloughed off it into the room (and across my face, my poor light deprived countenance) I got quite an eyeful of Ned’s face and I can say with certainty that it looked perfectly O.K. In fact, there wasn’t a line on it. In fact, it looked pressed: ironed, pressed, smoothed over and fluffed back up. There was nary a wrinkle or worry line to sully his plump cheeks, his smooth forehead, his adorable dimpled chin. He may have been blowing bubbles and drooling a bit. Granted the juxtaposition of this extremely juvenile face sitting atop the neck and body of what could only be described as a middle-aged man (in fact the neck looked like it could have used a shave) was a bit grotesque. But the face itself? It was impossible to find fault with it. In light of this blatant disregard for the facts, I wouldn’t take it amiss if you felt free to regard the remaining testimony of “Bob” (if that is even his real name) as nothing more than an unlikely fiction spun from the crazed machinations of an unwell mind. In any case, he went on:
Oh, Bob! said Ned, said “Bob.” How lucky to run into you! There’s something in my room I think you’ll really want to see.
That’s quite a coincidence, Ned, I said, said “Bob,” because there’s something in my room that I really want you to see.
But Bob, said Ned, said “Bob.” –You are Bob, right?
Uhhh…yes? I said, feeling on my guard, said “Bob.”
I wasn’t positive, said Ned, said “Bob.” I believe we talked quite a bit the first time we met (last week around this time, wasn’t it?) and you told me your name right off the bat but neither of us had the occasion to use it afterwards because we were the only two speaking… so I wasn’t sure. I see you’ve taken care of that muttering problem. That’s great! I must admit I had a bit of a backslide this week with whistling, but I think I’ve got it under control now. I’d visit that specialist again but quite frankly I can’t afford it. You know how insurance companies are. I especially would like to see him because I’ve heard he’s developed a new and even more effective treatment. It’s called “Extinction.” The pamphlet is in my room. Do you want to take a look?
Ned turned sideways and gestured into his room. I could make out a pile of brand new white tennis shoes spilling from the hall closet.
Extinction? I said, said “Bob.”
Oh yes, said Ned, said “Bob.” That’s what they call it. A bit of a scary name, huh? But all it refers to is the complete cessation of certain behaviors and underlying processes through the total suspension of all feedback loops both positive and negative. I don’t suppose you happen to be familiar with Multiple and Recursive Feedback Loops (MRFL’s for short) are you?
Umm…a bit, maybe, in passing, I said, said “Bob.”
Well just to refresh your memory, said Ned, said “Bob.” It’s basically like this: You eat a French fry. You do like French fries, don’t you?
Here and there, I said, said “Bob.”
Good, said Ned, said “Bob.” It’s always better to use examples people can relate too. That’s pedagogy. I used to be very into pedagogy. I took a correspondence course. So you eat a French fry. You like French fries, so after you’ve eaten the French fry, you feel good and what the hell you have another French fry.
I have a whole bunch of French fries in my room, I said, said “Bob.”
Or conversely, suppose you hate French fries, said Ned, said “Bob.” Do you hate French fries?
Well, I said, said “Bob.”
Well, said Ned, said “Bob.” Suppose you eat a French fry, and it makes you feel like shit. Guess what? You are going to eat another one anyway. Why? Who knows? Some people get a real charge out of doing stuff they don’t like. Especially compulsive people, like me, and maybe you too, huh, Bob? After all, if you can do stuff you like and then also do stuff you don’t like and get a charge out of it either way, that’s really something, isn’t it, Bob? If you can do that, you’ve really got it made, don’t you, Bob?
I ummm… , I said, said “Bob.”
If you’re a sick fuck! said Ned, said “Bob.” So they have this therapy called Extinction. All the loops get suspended. They block up the nerves etc… rig you out with this device so when you eat a French fry (for example), you feel nothing at all. It’s like you didn’t even eat the French fry. You ate it all right.  You chewed it up and felt the mush slide down your throat, but there’s no charge, you get it? No positive charge. No negative charge. Nothing.
Nothing, I said, said “Bob.”
Zip, said Ned, said “Bob.” So if French fries were a problem for you before, they’re not going to be a problem anymore. And even if French fries weren’t a problem for you before but may have become a problem at some point in the future, you can stop worrying about that too because basically, for you, after you’ve undergone the treatment, there just aren’t any French fries anymore. They’re extinct. That’s why they call it “Extinction.”  You get it?
Do you want a roast chicken? I said, said “Bob.” There’s one in my room. Maybe you could share it with me while I show you some of the work I’ve been doing with Multiple and Recursive Feedback Loops.
Sure, said Ned, said “Bob.” Let me just pop into my room for a minute to change my shoes. Care to accompany me to avoid any break in the conversation we’re having?
No, thanks, I’ve got to talk to my lamp, I said, said “Bob.”  She doesn’t like having visitors in unannounced.
Gotcha, said Ned, said “Bob.”
And sure enough, said “Bob,” he did show up in my room a few minutes later, and after a brief but polite conversation with the lamp, we consumed a roast chicken, and under the pretext of demonstrating the work I’d done with Multiple and Recursive Feedback Loops, I lured him into the box and secured him there. It was really much easier than--
Just one minute! I said quite loudly to “Bob” because really I’d had enough. I just didn’t care about “Bob”s delicate psyche at this point, it was time to let him in on the truth.
I’m Ned! I shouted. I’ve been Ned all along and I’m not, nor have I ever been, locked up in a box in your shitty little room. I’m right here in the darkness talking to you!
(And I very much apologize for strongly implying earlier that Ned was a different person from myself when I recounted his visit. You may remember I described his face as I saw him entering the room. Actually (as I found out very shortly after his entrance) it wasn’t him entering the room at all. It was some other guy, and that other guy was dressed completely in black, so it was virtually impossible to see him.  But it wasn’t impossible to infer his existence (and that’s what I’m apologizing for, inferring his existence) because he was carrying a full length mirror—certainly the mirror couldn’t have just floated in all by itself—and when the door cracked open admitting a stunning and razor sharp triangle of light, my face was reflected in every detail on the surface of that mirror and at that moment it became crystal clear to me that I was, in fact, Ned.)
Don’t be ridiculous, “Bob” said. I’m sitting in my shitty little room writing this all down, as I have been from the very beginning.
That’s rich, I said. Mr. Forget-All-His-Writing-Utensils-When-He-Really-Needs-Them is writing all this down, is that it? And what exactly are you writing on, “Bob” And what exactly are you writing it with, “Bob”? I bet you don’t even know. Of course, you don’t! Because you’re not writing anything! I am writing this all down, and what’s more, I’m writing it on the cardboard walls of this…  er…  room and what’s more I am writing it with a black felt tip magic marker that dropped out of your very own pocket the moment you came in here.
That’s the craziest thing I ever heard, said Bob. You can’t be writing anything down because you don’t even exist! You are merely a narrative convention standing in for the audience, a convention whose only function is to serve as an intermediary between myself and the reader of this document. (“This guy did this …” “This guy did that…” “You can take it from me…” etc… such nonsense!) You are merely a product of my imagination and a pretty flimsy one at that.
I’m just a convention, am I? I said, for I was truly outraged now. Look who’s calling whom a convention, “Bob”?
Just ask the lamp, said “Bob.”
No comment, said the lamp.
Your name isn’t even “Bob,” I said. I just chose that name at random first for the landlord, then for you and then for the announcers. In fact, I was willing to go on using the name “Bob” for just about anyone other than the only person who really exists, that is me, Ned.
Sure, just a random name, said “Bob,” his voice dripping with contempt. You would have thought he was talking to a lunatic.
Yes, I said. Purely random. I couldn’t think of a name for the landlord, so I just said “Bob.” And I put the same name in your mouth for the news announcers. (Feel free to leaf back through this document; I’m on solid ground here). In fact “Bob” exists only as a made up name. There’s really no one person really named “Bob” at all!
So old “Bob” doesn’t exist, said “Bob.” And I’m actually anonymous, am I? And you are really Ned? Is that it?
Exactly, I said. It seemed like we were finally getting somewhere.
What do you think of that, Bob? “Bob” said, I said (say?). Or rather I said, “Bob” said, What do you think of that, Bob? Or rather, he said I said he said, What do you think of that, Bob? Or rather I said he said I said he said, What--
There was a shuffling noise in the closet and then one of the sliding doors (the one denuded of its mirror so long ago) slid open, and a middle-aged man with a mustache, thick glasses, and mild facial tick stepped out. He was dressed in a blue blazer, white button down shirt, puke colored tie and blue polyester slacks. He carried a clipboard under one arm.
Who are you talking to? said the man.
Over there, said (“)Bob(“), pointing at me.
It seemed at some point in the middle of the fracas I was having with (“)Bob(“), the lights came on in here or rather out there, for I had no trouble discerning the man emerge from the closet, and I could definitely see (“)Bob(“) his whole self clearly. Not only that, I could make out one inordinately long arm extended its full length from (“)Bob(“)’s otherwise unremarkable body, and at the end of it, one unfathomably long finger pointing directly at me. In fact, the finger, as it drew closer, threatened to obscure my view completely as it expanded almost to the point of filling the ragged and circular aperture in which that view was confined.
This is completely unfair! I said.
He’s in the box, said Bob. He thinks he’s Ned.
There seems to be an eye in there, said the man, whose face and neck (altogether grotesque in its proximity) suddenly filled my circle of vision and then began bobbing about. It was nauseating.
Show him the tag, said Bob.
The man knelt in front of the box then slowly rose. As he did so, I was subject to an unnervingly slow and close panning of his lower lip, chin, neck, the knot of his puke colored tie and then the breast of his white shirt, interrupted quite suddenly by the blue border of a white rectangular name tag of the sort used by the thousands at meetings, conventions, get-togethers, seminars, group therapy sessions, and company pic-nics all over the country. It said:
Hi! I’m Bob!
You’ll never get away with this! I screamed, and I felt pretty good about that because I hadn’t had it in me to scream for quite some time. And I screamed far beyond that sentence and kept screaming for all I was worth.
Make him stop, said the lamp.
I screamed louder.
I really have to get back to work, said the second Bob, the one from the closet.  His torso rose abruptly and slid out of my view, revealing behind him, the first Bob, his whole sickening self, lounging in his boxers on a rickety chair at the table under the window beside the lamp.
I kept screaming.
I’ll get the flashlight, Bob said to the lamp.
I heard a door open and shut behind me. Evidently the second Bob had left.
I kept screaming.
The first Bob rose from the table and moved out of my vision to the left. That’s where he kept the flashlight.
I shut up.
III
There was no point in antagonizing Bob further. You could tell he was in a mood. When he got like this, I had learned from experience that it was best just to ignore even his most flagrant provocations. He could make the most outrageous statements, and you know I don’t think he even believed them himself. I think he just said things like that (calling me a “convention” and an “intermediary” for example) to get my goat—as if my circumstances weren’t frustrating enough already. 
Don’t get the idea I was afraid of the flashlight.  There was really very little room to swing it around in here anyway. No momentum. Even to call one of his beatings with the flashlight a “beating” is a gross exaggeration. They were more like ineffectual nudgings accompanied by heaps of verbal abuse. I just shut up because I figured I’d yanked his chain enough for one day.
(Besides, if I kept it up too long, I knew he’d tape shut the eye-hole and I would be deprived of my mostly unobstructed view of the window above the table.  It wasn’t much—a square of sky muted behind a square of yellowish glass with a long crack running from a point near the center to the bottom left hand corner—but it was all I had, and the change of seasons meant a lot to me.)
Shortly I could hear Bob rummaging around in the closet but by the time he found the flashlight, sure enough, he just didn’t have it in him to bother with the “beating.” He just stuck his eye (so blue, with aureoles of tiny red veins exploding into the white) in front of the eye-hole in a threatening manner and then beamed the flashlight in, blinding me momentarily.
(Actually, though Bob didn’t know it, that was something of a treat. It’s more than just a flashlight to me, you understand. That is, light is still light, and I didn’t care where it came from. To be blinded momentarily in that intensely white eye was a treat, and one I hadn’t even anticipated.)
Thanks Bob, I said once my vision had cleared of all those delicious white spots and paramecium-like floaters. O.K. so you’re Bob, but if I’m not Ned, who the hell am I?
I wasn’t baiting him. I really wanted to know. But he wasn’t listening, or if he was, he didn’t bother to respond. He just returned to the desk, whispered something consoling to the lamp and tramped over to the bathroom to shower. That was good. It meant that it wasn’t a Saturday or Sunday. It meant that shortly he would be heading off to his shitty job, leaving me alone with Priscilla.
(The lamp, of course.  She had a name and that name was “Priscilla.” If you haven’t guessed by now, Bob was a Class A Bastard and Smart Ass to boot, and one of the more annoying aspects of his bastard-dom or smart ass-hood, was that he never remembered anyone’s name, and he did so with such conviction that it left you with the impression that all these people (they were people!) whom he encountered didn’t even have names. Of course they did!
Priscilla did certainly. Even I probably had a name though for the life of me I couldn’t remember it, and true to form Bob struck out completely in the matter. (Of course it was possible—indeed my only hope—that Bob did in fact know my name but had chosen to withhold that information from me as a very typical Bob style “joke.”) Priscilla had a name and just because she had adopted the persona and guise of an inanimate household object didn’t mean that she wasn’t a person too! (With feelings…with needs etc…) So it was only natural that the two of us, stuck in such close proximity as we were, would get together sooner or later, and of course, we did.
The very moment after Bob closed the front door behind himself and locked it, Priscilla took off her lampshade and snuggled right up to the eye-hole in the box.  We didn’t talk much. There may have been words indicating urgency or even sweet nothings but I’m not inclined to remember them and even less to share them with you if I were.
Suffice it to say that in spite of the box, the Multiple and Recursive Feedback Loops etc…, and a certain alluring shyness on Priscilla’s part, we managed to achieve sexual congress satisfying to both parties; and afterwards, Priscilla collapsed back onto the rug and I back into the myriad constraints in the box, and Bob’s reflection stepped out of the mirror in the closet and sat on the edge of the mattress to smoke.
What peaceful mornings we had! The sunlight slanted so beautifully into the room through the one window. Lovely curls of grey smoke spiraled through it from the end of Bob’s reflection’s cigarette. Priscilla’s form—like a heap of tussled blankets abandoned on the rug—was bathed in golden morning and gave off cloudlets of sparkling dust, the motes ignited by the rising sun. It was so quiet in that nearly abandoned section of town. You could here the odd bird or two twittering away in the backyard, and deep in the background behind it, the whine of far off traffic somewhere, rushing out of town. I often thought at such times that as disadvantageous as my circumstances undeniably were, how could I complain as long as I were allowed moments like these?
I’ve been making plans, said Bob’s reflection after an appropriate period of languor. As you can well imagine, when Bob is away at work, I have plenty of time in that mirror there to think and plan etc…. And you can be sure I haven’t been wasting it. In fact on days like today, when Bob has left the closet door half-open, I even have access to the reflection of the writing table beside the reflection of the window and can make use of the reflection of the pen and the reflection of the legal pad.
You men and your plans, said Priscilla from the rug.
I didn’t say anything. I didn’t want to encourage him. I liked Bob’s reflection--I really did--chiefly because he was so unlike Bob himself. But I had heard enough of his plans.
The first time he stepped out of the mirror (so long ago) and announced he had a plan, I confess I was taken in immediately and listened with great attention, even going so far as to offer assistance, but it was all pie in the sky. Bob’s reflection himself lost interest that very day, and of course the plan never got off the ground. Since that day, Bob’s reflection has announced a new plan virtually every time he has stepped out of the mirror, and I have received each with growing skepticism and, it must be admitted, increasing irritation.
What really bugged me were those instances when a plan would sound so promising to me that I would buy it hook line and sinker, indeed with more faith and optimism than Bob’s reflection himself. On those occasions, even after Bob’s reflection had given up on his own plan (usually due to some small, and I felt, surmountable, logistical hitch) I would, having kept the faith as they say, continue to encourage and even attempt to goad him into action but to no avail. In fact, in response to these well intentioned goadings, on more than one occasion, he actually got short with me, cutting off a particularly inspiring pep talk with some rudeness, for example, “Shut up box guy; you’re dreaming.”
So his plans had become a bit of a pain in the ass for me, but in choosing not to encourage him (or even listen to him) I was also thinking of poor Bob’s reflection himself. As short lived as his enthusiasms were, they recurred with such tenacity and with such an amnesia-like quality of fresh optimism that the recurring crashes into disappointment were beginning to make Bob’s reflection out and out pathetic.
Let’s murder Bob! said Bob’s reflection as if this were the most novel idea in the world and had come upon him in a fit of sudden and inexplicable inspiration. (He may have even socked himself in the forehead with the palm of his hand, poor sap.)
Yeah, we murder Bob, see, said Bob’s reflection. Without Bob, see, I can hardly be Bob’s reflection, right? And you can hardly be Bob’s prisoner--he directed his attention at the eye-hole—and you, Priscilla dear, can hardly be Bob’s lamp!
I like being a lamp, said Priscilla.
The possibilities are endless, said Bob’s reflection, rising from the mattress and beginning to pace about the room in a mind-numbingly familiar manner.
Why without Bob, we might be famous people, like the kind you read about in books! Or maybe we could at least be the kind of people you read about in newspapers! Or maybe, without Bob, we could be people you don’t read about in books or even newspapers but at least people you should read about in books or newspapers. Or maybe, without Bob, we could people who, though completely unworthy of being read about in books or newspapers, at least read books or newspapers themselves; or maybe we could just be people who don’t have time to read books and newspapers but hear about everything from other people who do. Or maybe…
Please, Bob’s reflection, I said because I knew what was coming but he wasn’t listening, and besides it was too late. I could already here a catch in his voice. In a few minutes, he would be reduced to a sobbing, dribbling mess.
How hard can it be? said Bob’s reflection. He’s already so tenuous. He’s barely there at all. He goes off to work everyday, sure, but we don’t even know what his job is. And here we are in his absence carrying on shamelessly: screwing the lamp, looking out the window, filling up page after page of reflected legal pad. Who’s to say? I ask you—a strangled sob—who’s to say who’s who and what’s what?
Bob’s reflection collapsed on the mattress, curled into the fetal position and wept without reserve.
There was a knock at the door.
Yoo, hoo! a woman’s voice said.
It was the dead guy’s wife. She burst in shortly.
My husband gave me the key, she said. Where the hell is Bob?
At work? said the lamp.
Don’t play games with me, you hussy, said the dead guy’s wife.  I’ve been to “work,” and they’ve never even heard of Bob or even Weird Bob. They don’t even have a meat freezer! (Of course, what would they do with a meat freezer at a place like that?)  They treated me as if I were a lunatic when I asked about it.
No meat freezer? I said.
Is that you, Bob? said the dead guy’s wife, sticking one very angry brown eye in front of the hole.
No, I’m  uhhhh…, I said because, as you know, for the life of me I could not remember my own name. Understandably so, I thought, as after all, my present company never used it to address me, and I had no occasion to address myself (that would be weird, wouldn’t it?) and names are easy to forget (especially if you don’t have a face to connect one to) and if you haven’t heard yours for years and years (and maybe even to begin with it was only a monosyllable or less) it might just slip your mind, might it not? Hell, I did all I could given the circumstances. I even convinced myself I was Ned, but Bob put an end to that, didn’t he?
You’re useless, said the dead guy’s wife.
Hey! That’s not very nice, said Bob’s reflection, rising from the mattress. (He seemed to have recovered himself.) That guy has been imprisoned in that cardboard box for god knows how long. I think you should give him a break.
Nebbish, said the dead guy’s wife.
(That means “loser” in Yiddish. Look it up! I once did after I heard the word in a dream.)
If you’re so keen to see Bob, said Bob’s reflection. Why don’t you just stick around a while? He’s bound to be back.  Maybe he didn’t go to work, as you said. Maybe he has never gone to work (as you strongly implied). But there’s no question that he’s gone someplace. He’s not here now, is he?
We all looked, a trifle uncomfortably, around the shitty little room.
Which means he’s bound to come back! said Bob’s reflection. Have a seat. You’ll see.
I have stuff I have to do, said the dead guy’s wife.
Like bury your dead husband? said the lamp. (A trifle cattily, I thought.)
No, said the dead guy’s wife, sighing. Suddenly all the wind had gone out of her. Her whole body slumped, and she ambled over to the mattress, where she took a seat next to Bob’s reflection.
He’s out in the hall, the dead guy’s wife said.  He follows me everywhere.  There’s nothing I can do about it. Come on in, dear.
The door opened, and the dead guy shuffled in. He didn’t say anything, as he was dead, but wordlessly drifted over to the closet, pushed the sliding door the rest of the way open, removed his belt, looped it over a bit of exposed plumbing in the ceiling and hung himself up in the corner.
Is he going to start to smell? said the lamp.
You get used to it, said the dead guy’s wife.
Hum-de-dum-de-dum, said Bob’s reflection, twiddling his thumbs.
Boy, I said, wouldn’t it be something if Bob walked in right now? I mean with all of us here waiting for him. He’d have some explaining to do, I’ll bet.  He’s been a closed mouth until now. (I mean aside from all that nonsense about Ned. Y’know, I bet there never even was a “Ned.”)
I heard that, said a voice from across the hall.
But if he walked through that door right now, I said, he’ll have to say something for sure, won’t he?
I wouldn’t count on it, said an exceedingly old individual, who had just, creeping at a snail’s pace behind a decrepit aluminum walker, passed through the open front door. This isn’t even his room anymore. No sir. They’re not gonna bury me with this place. Sold it.
The landlord, said Bob’s reflection. Bob’s told me all about him.
The jackass across the hall stopped paying rent, said the landlord.  And the jackass here—would that be you?
The landlord jerked his chin in the direction of Bob’s reflection.
Just his reflection, sir, said Bob’s reflection.
--stopped a couple of months ago. No point in keeping the place now. I sold it to a couple of young suckers three days ago, said the landlord. Just stopping by to pick up any valuables. In lieu of back rent, all this stuff belongs to me. I’ve got the papers here.
The landlord patted his back pocket.
That is one interesting lamp, said the landlord, jerking his chin in the direction of Priscilla, who still lay stark naked on a bundle of blankets on the floor.
Don’t get any ideas, Grandpa, said Priscilla.
What’s going on in here? said Bob, walking in with Ned.
They were holding hands.
Oh nothing, said Priscilla from the rug.
All your shit is mine now, said the landlord. I have the papers right here.
Ned and I have become buddies, said Bob.
Perverts, said the dead guy’s wife.
The dead guy said nothing.
We’ve bought a little condo by the sea, said Bob. It turns out that Ned here was saving money too. I never managed to save enough by myself, but between the two of us…
It’s lovely, said Ned.
And you can all come with us, said Bob. We’re leaving today!
Hey, that’s great, Bob! I said. I was beginning to warm up to him.
We’ll need a lamp, and of course, I wouldn’t go anywhere without my own reflection, said Bob.
Gee, said Bob’s reflection.
You can come too, said Bob to the dead guy’s wife. You can make sandwiches. Though maybe your husband ought to stay here. I’m thinking of the neighbors.
Sure, but…, said the dead guy’s wife.
No problem. Bring the kids, said Bob. The condo came fully equipped with diapers.
They’ll love the swimming pool, said Ned.
A swimming pool! I said enthusiastically. I love swimming. As soon as you get me out of this box, I think I’ll jump right in!
But nobody seemed to be listening to me. In fact, they had all slipped from my view. I could hear them rummaging around in the closet. Picking stuff up, stuffing things in bags.
There’s the matter of back rent, I heard the landlord say from somewhere behind me. Write him a check, Ned, said Bob, and it sounded like he was already out in the hall.
Guys? I said.
But there was no response. In fact it sounded like all of them were out in the hall at this point. I could still hear their voices chatting amiably together but I couldn’t make out what they were saying. Then their voices got smaller, and I could hear footsteps on the stairs (going down); then the front door banged shut and everything got quiet except for the noise of the landlord’s walker clanking down the steps one at a time. After about fifteen minutes, I heard the door shut again. Then nothing.
I waited quite some time for them to come back, for any of them to come back, but no-one did. The sun behind the window climbed up past the top of the frame, began to descend and turned red. Outside the streetlights came on and the room was slowly flooded with shadows, gray and then black and then gray and then black again.
Sometime before the room became absolutely dark, I heard a shuffling behind the box, and then the dead guy’s face (illuminated by a trickle of street light dripping in from the one window) was right in front of the eye-hole. I have to admit, even in that light, it didn’t look too good.
She went off to the seaside with the rest of them, I said. If you leave now, maybe you’ll be able to catch up.
But the dead guy didn’t say anything.
Instead, he slid out of my view. Then I could hear scratching and tearing noises at the back of the box. Then I felt his clammy arm thrust in among the constraints, somewhere between my legs.
Hey! No way, buddy! I said. This is my box. You stay the hell out!
But of course, he wasn’t listening.
###
About the Author
I hope you enjoyed the book. If you made it to the end, it couldn’t have been too bad. Feel free to let me know.  I’m just starting with ebooks and self publishing. A print version of This Guy, was first published by Spuyten Duyvil in 2006. A print version of my second novel Tortoise,  was published by Calamari Press in 2008. 

I welcome comments, questions and feedback. You can contact me at jlewelling@yahoo.com

Back to Table of Contents
