The Long Ride
The first book in the series: Dean and Egan, the Story of Two Families
Written by Olin Thompson
Look for these books in the future by author Olin Thompson in the Dean and Egan, the Story of Two Families series:
The Dogs of Justice 
No Hiding Place 
Edge of the Knife 
Terror and Revenge
Copyright © 2006 by Olin Thompson 
SMASHWORDS EDITION
This free eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment and to give you a sample of the works of author, Olin Thompson. If you enjoyed reading it, we hope you will consider buying the other book in the series.
See other books by Olin Thompson at the back
ISBN: 978-0-945949-33-6
Published by:
BOOKWARREN PUBLISHING SERVICES
3322 Eighth Ave., Studio 1
San Diego, CA 92103
mailto:info@bookwarren.com 
Website: http://www.bookwarren.com
DEDICATION
I want to thank my wife for her patience and assistance in reading and editing my work. The most influential person who urged me to test my talents and start writing was my college English professor. My mother said my imagination was too vivid anHd kept trying to get me to think like an accountant. I just couldn’t do that. I had to write.
That’s about it. My father was an accountant and thought that as a writer I’d never make it. He’s probably right, but then, I love writing more than adding and subtracting. Who knows what a deferred accrual debit is anyhow?

PROLOGUE
In the early years of this country, men emerged who would be lawmen. Some of those would-be lawmen were, in reality, as many of the men before them, were outlaws who saw the opportunity to use their positions of power, a badge and a gun, to take from those less fortunate, using every bit of the law as their shield. This opportunism was typical throughout the history of mankind from the beginning of time.
However, two men, Dean and Egan, came from rancher stock that had a morality and an ethic which demanded right and justice must work or the future of the country was, indeed, bleak.
They pinned on their badges and went to work to protect the innocent and prosecute the evil doers who preyed on the less fortunate.
Their stories are intertwined in this tale. The men converge on one particularly important theme.
Justice will prevail.

Chapter 1
The killer was in Montana. Will Dean would have to bring him home.
Conroy had been drinking all day in the Aquisto, New Mexico bar CORONA GLORIOSA. His speech was slurred and his actions were belligerent. His breath was rancid from unwashed teeth and the alcohol created even more corruption. He spit often into the green brass spittoon trying to relieve the ugly taste from his mouth – it didn’t do any good. Sometimes he missed and spit on the floor and sawdust splattered. The dark interior of the saloon was lit only by the ambiance from the exterior light which gave an eerie glow to the aged yellow wood and row scarred dirty floor.
Conroy yelled, “Leave the go’dam’ bottle, Tom. I got two dollars an’ I wanna drink two dollars worth.”
“You had enough, cowboy,” the man called Tom said.
Conners tried to focus again. “They’s better places than this to get a dring,” he said stupidly.
“Fine with me.” Tom turned and walked away setting the bottle down on the counter behind the shaved log bar.
Conroy rose and wove a path out the door and down the street. He stuck a hand in his pocket and felt two coins, one was a silver dollar and no matter how hard he looked at it he couldn’t make out the other, but thought it might be two bits.
His mind tried to realize what he’d done and finally it came to him that he had spent every cent he had in the world.
“Damn!” he said to no one in particular, but the lady walking by looked insulted.
“Sorry,” he tipped his hat and almost fell, “Ma’am.” He stuck out his tongue at her as she turned into a garment shop.
Edgar stepped on the stoop in front of the board walk and made a weaving bee line for the bank. “Get some money,” he mumbled to himself.
“Good day, sir,” the man in the green eye shade said as Edgar walked in. Motes hung in the still air lit by the bright sunlight as it pierced the window.
“Good day to you, yourself.” And then Edgar hiccupped. “May I help you?”
“Need some money.”
“Well, what’s the account name?” the man asked pleasantly and took a form from his little stack of chits. He clearly figured the customer was not going to be able to make out the form for himself.
“Under the name of,” Edgar turned and looked around at the others in the room, leaned closer to the window, and whispered, “Stick M. Up.”
“That’s funny sir,” the man said, smiled, but looked uncomfortable.
“Ain’t funny, mister, plumb serious.” And then Edgar Conroy slid the well worn black Colt six shooter across the counter and held it for the man to see. Edgar licked at his too long greying moustache then wiped it dry with the tattered sleeve of his sweat stained wrangler’s shirt. He felt himself wanting to pee or spit, but didn’t do either.
“I haven’t got much,” the banker said quivering and slid open the drawer. “As you can see. There’s not but about forty dollars here,” he whined.
Edgar stood straight up and smirked, “Well, then, I guess I’ll have that.”
The man didn’t bother counting the money out to Edgar and as the robber turned to leave the banker screamed, “Robbery!”
Edgar turned and with his pistol banging away he plugged two holes in the wall just above the yeller’s head; then Edgar called loudly, “Ever’one stay still. I ain’t inter’sted in killin’ no one, but anyone follers, I’ll do it, sure enough.”
Everyone stayed still and two men in the back, wide eyed, held their hands up at shoulder level while the hollow ring of the shots in the room still echoed in their ears.
“Stay whar you are!”
Edgar then ran out the door and tripped on the step off the wood walkway. When he gathered himself together he saw the Sheriff and another man running across the street.
Without hesitation Edgar pulled the trigger of the pistol and watched one of the two fall and then he shot again and the second man seemed like he slipped in the dusty street and folded in a lump.
“Damn, I’m in a pile o’ buffalo manure now,” Edgar lamented softly to himself. He ran down the street two more doors, jammed the bundle of singles and other paper money in a pocket, jumped in the saddle, and kicked the sides of the pony. He felt somewhat sober at that instant.
He raced off to the north in a big hurry. His mind still wasn’t focused on his act, but he knew he had done something incredibly bad. He very nearly peed his pants as he spit a long stream into the wind whistling by him.
Deputy Federal Marshal Will Dean was a strong man. Just over 22, muscular, big in the shoulders and husky. Face made firm by strong jaw and heavy forehead. His hair was course and waved slightly. He had an eyebrow scar from a fight when he was a youth. Will had grown up on a two hundred acre New Mexico ranch cut from a hacienda by the generous owner, a ranch not quite busted; his family now dead from pain, sorrow, and just plain worn out.
“Nice lookin’ kid.”
Will smiled when he heard someone say that one time as he worked at scrubbing the jailhouse floor. He was pleased they thought so.
His parents homesteaded the small ranchito and had dreams of a bigger, more productive, place. Will had been the son born before the war. To pass the horrible hours, days, and years of miserable fight- ing, his father told Will, “I thought about you and your mother, son. That was what got me through.”
Then Will’s father added proudly, “And you are our son.” Will Dean’s mother, Ida, was a pleasant soul. Ida buried her husband when he died after a fall from his horse. She tried to run the distressed ranch herself. Will was some help, but Ida forced him to go to school.
One day, his books underarm and the chewed-end pencil behind his ear, he came home to find his mother asleep at the hand hewn square table in the large one room house.
“Hi, Mom!” Will called, went to the pump and got a face full of water to wash away the salty sweat. “Mom!” Will urged, but she rested her head in her arms.
“Hey, time for chores.”
He went out and milked the old cow, mucked the stall, and ran some water into the ditch for the two unruly pigs.
“Time for fresh bacon,” he muttered. “How about some pork chops and a nice ham.” He looked up and calculated. “We’ll pay off what we owe the grocer with the meat we don’t use.”
He returned to the house and before he entered, he tried to stomp the manure smell and residue from his worn out boots – his mother swept the dirt floor clean every day with the home-bound corn straw broom.
She was still where she’d been when he came in, so he went to her side and shrugged her a little to wake her. She fell over with her eyes closed and lips locked shut; he found she was dead.
Will was devastated since he’d lost both parents before he was sixteen, before he was a man, and before they could help him get past the hardest days. He was all alone now and nothing could change it though he knew he would survive.
But how? He wondered.
Will got the worn out spade from the corral and looked around for a spot away from the house near his father’s grave, and shoveled up a burial site for his mother. She would be happy here, he knew, beside his father. Will cried, silently, only a few salty tears.
He lingered about the house for several days, wondering what to do – stay or go? And if he went, where would he go?
Sheriff Benson liked young Will Dean and told people the boy would amount to something; so, at sixteen Will had to have a job and Deputy Sheriff was as good as any at the time; but there were no openings. Will had to stay with the Sheriff and his wife while the boy went to school.
Will felt that if nothing else went badly for him in that his sixteenth year he’d make it. His Mom and his Dad dying was enough, he thought. His seventeenth year he finally got a job with the Sheriff, cleaning the office mostly, until the other Deputies moved on. Paid fifty cents a day, but that was more than the nothing a day he’d been getting in school.
The Deputy latest to leave gave Will a .44-40 Army Number 1 Colt with black grips, obviously from dirty hands; it had been stuffed in a burlap wrap. The Colt was used, but it seemed it had never been abused. The Colt was Will’s, the man said. Will admired it and would liked to have had it, but it seemed too much to wish for.
“I’m not sure when I might get back this way, boy, so you take good care of it. When you get some money you buy your own gun and save this one for me. I’ll try to collect it someday. You be good, hear?”
Will could only stand jaw flapping and astounded someone would offer him a pistol like that. It was beautiful he told the man.
And the former Deputy rode off on that ugly dunn colored thing he called a horse. The zebra stripes of the near-wild pack animal – he said he had collected in the Chama-Rio Aribas wild lands – was obviously anxious to kick the pack off and go on his own. The departing Deputy tugged on the rope around its neck and muzzle and they were gone; tall and straight, his eyes ahead, the Deputy never looked back, though Will waved.
The days passed for the fledgling lawman while he learned how to use the .44-40. Days on duty he oiled the holster. He practiced how to shoot straight and draw rapidly – in that order – while he was off duty.
When he was nearly eighteen a flier came through that the Federals were looking for Marshals for the Wyoming territory.
“Think I’ll write ‘em,” Will said to Sheriff Benson.
“You ain’t got a chance. Too many lawmen already applying for them jobs. Lookee here, time to apply is up the end of the month. You’re too late anyhow.”
But Will applied and the appointments were made in Denver. Will was the last one to be chosen. He found, years later, a glowing report from Sheriff Benson was the reason they took him as the youngest Marshal.
Then, as Deputy Federal Marshal, riding into Cheyenne to pick up his mail one warm summer day two years later, Will had an uneasy feeling. He’d paced the floor the next night without getting the tension relieved.
“Come to bed, Will,” his new wife urged.
“I’m sorta nervous about something. I don’t know what it is, but it’s really botherin’ me. Like something I left undone at the office, but I checked and it’s all finished.” He shook his head to clear the specter. “Momma used to say somethin’ was walkin’ on her grave,” he told his wife and sighed.
“I’ll get up and make some coffee,” she finally said. “Thanks, but you get some sleep.”
Elizabeth ignored him. She was his wife of only a month and seemed still caught up in the close and warm feeling with her man.
Will picked up the paper and read, September 4, 1876; the paper said it served the latest news. He had a terrible feeling earlier that day and then that night the cold dread of something evil fell on him.
“Here, drink this,” she said and sat down on the kitchen chair across from him.
“Thanks, but I’ll be fine. Just something. I can’t shake it.”
But he sipped at the steaming mug of coffee and wondered, while outside the Summer wind whistled and thunder in the distant mountains rumbled their own music.

Chapter 2
  Connor’s flight in terror started with his own poor physical condition as well as a badly handled horse. The pair forded a river early the next day after riding all night and half way across he stopped his horse, splashed water on himself with his sweat stained cowboy’s hat, and sat in the swirl for a few minutes. Edgar’s stomach rumbled and he wasn’t sure if it was from hunger or illness; but, he removed his pistol belt and hung it over the saddle. The horse turned and watched as the man slid into the water and Conroy was, again, violently ill from the ingestion of so much alcohol and the contaminants it was made with. He had answered his own question.
Conroy wanted to just sit down in the stream; but it was, he concluded from the river at the horses belly, a bit deep here for that.
Conroy stood and realized his dizziness was due to lack of food as much as from being hung over from his drunken binge. He waded, pushing water ahead of him, ashore and sat sopping wet on the rocky beach. He shook like a wet dog and flung water in every direction. His head nearly exploded from the pain which accompanied that little adventure.
The wind, though warm, swooshing down the gorge chilled him as it passed over his wet clothes. He shivered and hugged himself though nothing he did stopped the cold; all the while he looked around, still stupored by the effects of hunger and drunken debauchery. He found a few rays of sun leaking through the crags of the rocky walls. He pulled his mutton headed cayuse toward the light, looking for warmth.
He nearly ran into them. They stood their horses just looking like they were watching his antics. Edgar nearly jumped out of his skin when he found the the two men sitting with forearms across their saddle horns, leaning and watching.
“Think he’s about half dead or half ‘live, Buzz?” “Lookin’ about half dead.”
“Whatchew fellers want?” Edgar asked angrily.
“Nothin’. Nothin’ atall. Don’t look like you got nothin’ to take anyhow.”
“Wall, get outta my way.” Conroy lowered his head and flung his hat left and right to wave them away as he trudged forward, hauling at his black and white spotted gelding. His mind still barely functioned. He didn’t have any ambition or any idea what direction to go. He hadn’t made a plan yet, so he was just moving here and there. If he ended up somewhere, then that was fine. Edgar blew his nose, one nostril at a time, clearing it of water and drainage. He didn’t feel better, but he thought he might if he got a little food.
The two men heeled their horses back a mite and let him by. “Poor creature,” the man called Buzz said without sympathy. Edgar wasn’t drying very fast and even on a warm day the wind still cooled him off plenty while he watched for the sun, but as fast as he moved toward it, it went away.
“Damn!” Edgar muttered to himself. He sneezed a big “Aaagh!” “Talks, Buzz.”
“Well, he sneezes Lunker,” Buzz said with a snort.
“Yeah. He said, ‘damn,’” Lunker advised in a serious sort of way.
“Yup. But he don’t talk no sense,” Buzz agreed.
Conroy turned and looked at them, his eyes full of terror and meanness. He would draw, cut them down, watch them fall off their horses, kick them in the water, and the two would float all the way to Albaturkey, he thought as his nose drained onto his upper lip and he first licked at it then wiped it with a wet shirt sleeve.
Then Edgar realized his gunbelt and all the firepower was still over his saddle. He just stood there looking at the two.
“Silent now,” Buzz said softly.
“Can’t talk,” Lunker said conspiratorially. “Yup. Can’t talk.”
“Can too,” Edgar finally acknowledged. He sneezed again, equally grandly. “Aaaaagh!”
“Can too,” the two men agreed nodding at one another.
Buzz wondered, “...if the man is drinkin’ somethin’ he oughta share with us?”
“Nope. All drunk up.” Edgar didn’t look up. He wiped his nose again.
“All of it?”
“Yeah. I drunk it up.” He coughed up phlegm and spit into the water and watched it float away.
“Well, that’s not neighborly to not offer none to friends.” “I got no friends.”
“Got to go back to work cowboyin’?” Buzz wondered. “Nope,” Edgar snapped.
“Where you ride?” Lunker asked. “Got fired.”
“Booted?” Buzz said with an amazed tone. “Yeah.” Conroy hung his head.
“Kiss the rancher’s daughter?” Lunker asked with a twinkle in his eyes.
“Nope.” Conroy was thinking of a good reason for getting the boot from a cowboyin’ job.
“Wall?” Buzz asked intent on Conroy’s reply. “Fightin’,” Conroy finally admitted.
“You serious? Got the boot for fightin?”
“Yeah,” Edgar Conroy said softly. Almost too softly to be heard. “Geezus Christ, most every cowboy I know fights with someone over somethin’. Ain’t no cowboy without fightin,” Buzz sneered.
“The bosses son?” The son whipped Edgar, more’s the pity he thought, but didn’t say so.
“Oh,” they said in unison and it seemed they understood. Edgar hoped they didn’t know he’d been whipped.
Edgar tried to mount, but the lack of stamina was evident and he just about made it. Never had that trouble before, Edgar thought. I learned to mount early on. Been doin’ it for years. Need somethin’ to eat and drink.
“What’s nearby?” Edgar asked. “Hungry.”
“Nothin’. Got nothin’ to eat neither,” Buzz admitted. “Whatchew fellers doin’ out here?” Edgar looked about and saw there was no reason anyone would be in this place except by acci- dent.
“Lookin’ for strays,” Lunker said. “Workin’ for someone?” Edgar wondered. “Nope,” Buzz told him.
“Bustin’ brush for no one?”
“That’s about it,” Lunker said with a shrug.
Buzz looked at Lunker and then back to Edgar. “We’re makin’ a little money, but not enough. Snag a few unbrandeds, brand ‘em, sell ‘em in town, and make a little. Occasional’ we’ll bust in and take us a little money from someone who’s got some they don’t need.”
“Robbers?” Edgar went wide eyed; though he suddenly remembered what he’d done, I been bad, but I never been an outlaw. At least not til now.
“Not so’s you’d know.” The pair across from him smiled. Conroy shook his head, again disgusted with himself. I ev’n fell in cow manure before, but this is a topper, Edgar thought. He recalled how he’d gotten his pay and left the ranch on the black horse with white spots from the remuda. They’d taken his mount in and he’d departed with something, almost anything, and gotten on the road. He’d spent all his money on that saloon. He had a couple of dollars stuck away in his boot, but..., oh shit, that sheriff.
“I think I killed someone.” “You done what?”
“Kilta man,” Conroy admitted in a soft apologetic tone.
“Oh, man, you’re in a buncha trouble now,” Buzz said shaking his head.
“Yeah, you’ got the law a’ter you?” the other asked.
“I donno. I really donno. I just run.” I ain’t about to tell ‘em I busted a bank for only forty dollars. It hadda be something better than that. I gotta make up a story about some gun fight, not just a shootin’. Something better than bustin’ a bank for change. That ain’t nothin’ to brag about.
“What’d you do?” Buzz wanted to know. He asked it again and again, “What the hell you do?”
Conroy panicked and answered inpatiently, “I donno. I just know I kilt someone.” He closed his eyes and tried to recall, but the images were not clear; only that a man fell in the street. He didn’t remember if there was another man or not.
“How do you know?” Lunker asked and spit something into the short grass.
“I jus’ know it happened! It’ll come to me some day. I’ll jus’ hav’ta remember sometime. It’ll come to me.” He only remembered clearly the bank; but had an uneasy feeling he’d killed one of those men in the street.
“Musta been some drunk,” Lunker said and Edgar mistook the sigh for admiration.
“Musta been,” Edgar agreed with a smile. “I hardly remember nothin’.”
“You sure stupid,” Lunker said and Edgar wasted no more time on the admiration thought.
“We’re ridin’ outta this territory. If you wanna come we’ll be draggin’,” Buzz offered.
“I’d rather drag than stay here,” Edgar said still somewhat downcast over all the piled up events of the past day or so.
“Neckstretchin’ time they catch you?” Lunker wondered and spit a large wad into the same short grass as before.
“Believe that to be the case,” Edgar mumbled.
The other two turned and Edgar slipped more comfortably into the still wet leather saddle. He sploshed his boots into the stirrups. He felt cleaner, but not clean. His sweat-stained shirt was wet only from river water now, however.
“Hey, you two,” Edgar called ahead.
“Yeah?” Lunker turned and leaned on the cantle. “What I call you?”
“I’m Lunker, this is Buzz. We call you?”
“I’m Conroy, Edgar Conroy. Right bright lad, but stupid is all.” “Not very bright right now, though,” Buzz muttered and Edgar made out the words. It didn’t matter none to them, it seemed, so he chucked up his cayuse with a tongue click and caught them.
Conroy nodded. That’s true enough. Nothing bright about me right now.
They rode together. They rode north kicking five yearlings and a momma cow ahead of them. When they reached the first settlement they stopped at one of the out buildings. The town was in sight ahead half mile or so.
“Hey, amigo!” Lunker called out, leaning casually on the apple of his saddle. Lunker’s lazy eyes near shut, Edgar noted, even though his back was to the sun.
A man came to the door. His day was over, or so it looked like, since his suspenders dropped from his shoulders, his baggy pants were dirty, his boots muddied to near the tops, tobacco spittle browned his chin whiskers – he had two or three days unshaved beard. The roof of the half sod half hole in the ground looked about as well taken care of as the man did. Kettles with rusted through holes in them, wheels from various equipment, as well as axle springs, and assorted junk cluttered the yard around the side of the homestead.
“Whatcha want?” the scruffy man asked. It appeared he wanted no one to come any closer, or at least Edgar figured he wouldn’t get any closer.
“Choused up some stuff southa here. Need a brand, but got no iron. Thought you might like to buy ‘em,” Buzz offered with a wide friendly disarming smile.
“Whataya want fer ‘em?”
“Two dollars apiece will do,” Buzz said.
Edgar knew it was a good deal and the man was likely to go for that even to buy seed animals.
“Two!?”
“Yeah. Cheap enough,” Lunker put in. “For rustled stock?”
“Nah, these is fresh as new borns. We just can’t take ‘em along. We got places to be,” Buzz said still smiling that toothy grin.
“Give you ten for all of ‘em,” the man called. He didn’t move or appear about to pay up.
“Show me yer ten,” Lunker put in from off to the far side of the beevoes.
The man looked away from Buzz toward Lunker, reached in his pocket, yanked up a leather pull string purse – likely made from a bull’s bag, and pinched out a gold tenner.
Buzz drew his pistol and shot the man dead center. The scream inside came from a woman who apparently was suddenly grieving.
“Shut her up!” Buzz yelled at Lunker, a smile disappeared in a flash and eyes searched around to see if he’d stirred up any curiosity.
Lunker jumped off his pony, ran to the door, and took the purse from the man. He looked at the woman, turned, and shook his head negatively and ran back to his horse. It took less than a minute. Conroy was slack jawed and amazed.
“Woman?” Buzz asked.
He probably wanted to know if she was useable, Edgar thought, and almost gagged at the idea.
“Yeah, about to birthe.”
“Sheeit. Good for her. Replace the ole man with a baby!” But it was not happiness with which Buzz yelled and slapped his horse with the floppy ole hat he wore. The three yelped and whooped the six animals away from the house.
“She see you?”
“Yeah, but not good. She’s lookin’ in the sun down through the door. Couldn’t see much,” Lunker advised over the thunder of the hooves.
They rode hard pushing the stock ahead of them.
Conroy, on the run again, looked over at Lunker and thought, also again, about the man’s eyes. Lunker had the eyes of a rattlesnake, decided Conroy.
Over the hooves’ noise Conroy asked, “Whatcha plan now?” Then he added plainly, “We gonna be plastered all over the New Mexico Territory in a few days. Killin’ that man they gonna be wantin’ us for sure.”
“Get to Walsenburg up to Colorado. We knows some people there. They got a place to hole up while we get well,” Lunker said and hoorahed the beeves ahead of him with a wild sweep of his sweat stained ragged brim hat.
“How much in the poke?” Buzz wanted to know.
They slowed so Lunker could count the money. The cattle ran ahead on the road, stirring up dust, then began to slow when they seemed to note no one was hazing them.
“Looks lak about forty dollar. Buncha singles in paper money and a couple a ten dollar gol’ pieces.”
“Yahoo!” Buzz yelled. “Real food for supper tonight.”
Over a mile down the road they came upon the settlement only there were very few other out buildings to try the same ruse on. So they rode up toward the town from the sundown so they could watch the road.
They re-gathered the small herd they pushed and set them hobbled to grazing on someone’s back lot. They tied rope to the beeves legs and then wrapped a lariat around a triangle of trees which gave the group about a hundred feet to chomp grass.
“They get tangled, well, that’s a dumb cow for you.” Buzz shrugged. It was, apparently, his deepest thought today.
They ate at a cafe on the far side of town. They knew the woman from the rancho would be there soon. Doctor first then the Sheriff or Marshal.
“Shoulda killed her too,” Buzz muttered. “It woulda meant a longer time to sit and eat, enjoy a smoke, and get on the road without no hurry.”
“We gotta go, boys.” Lunker nodded to the road.
They heard pounding of hooves outside and watched riders headed south in a big rush.
“Probably some neighbor heard the noise and sent for help,” Edgar said softly.
“Yeah, just a second.” Lunker pushed two mouthfulls in at once. Buzz had finished and seemed ready to leave at any notice. He rolled a cigarette, nervous hands working the paper and tobacco which spilled on the table – he wiped at it with his gnarly hand, then he struck a sulphur match under the table. The acrid smell filled the room and the blue cloud of smoke obscured everyone’s vision until the smoke drifted away.
Connor continued to shovel spoons full of beans and ham from the hock into his mouth until he finished and then he decided to take the bone with him so he could gnaw on it while they rode. They went to the rope corral and picked up their six charges and moved along. The night covered the territory and they were down the road, pushing the cattle, mixing their hoof prints with the beeves’.
“Harder to track thata way.” Lunker laughed.
They went off the main trail and headed into the foothills. “Be a little easier to follow them tracks in the light, but they’d never see ‘em in the dark.” Lunker added.

Chapter 3
The three disposed of the cattle one at a time. They butchered one and had it for dinner with a pinch of salt from Conroy’s stash in his saddle bag and then there were only two calves.
“Gawdam’me that yearlin’s sure good eatin’,” Buzz said, belched, and picked at a tooth with a split wooden match. He leaned back on his saddle and belched again. “We got quite a bit left.”
“Coyotes’ll take care of it.” “Take some wi’ me.”
“Yeah. We can wrap a little, but mostly the res’ is lef’ for them range buzzards.”
Loud stomach noise emitted from them all. Coffee from what little Buzz had in his possibles-bag was their refreshment. They set out ground cloth and soogans beside a stream with what looked like fresh water.
“Thing’s so damn cold it’ll take forever to boil,” Edgar groused of the fast moving water. He tried to think of the time they had spent and realized it had been three days since he’d left the small town in New Mexico.
They didn’t have much stuff to wash up since they used their hands and pocket knives, mostly, butchering the small beast. They cleaned quickly, unrolled the bedding, and each was asleep almost instantly.
The gang had avoided the sheriff and his posse by moving into the cul de sac and hiding in a grove of quaking silver and gold leaved aspen and cottonwoods with their big puffs of spore. The smell of smoldering ashes from the fire hung above them, unmoved by the motionless air.
The bad men weren’t seen and they wouldn’t be caught soon, they thought.
It was strange how Edgar Conroy was caught. And predictable. The events were stranger still and began with the late autumn sun which brought a new thought to the three bad men’s feeble brains.
It took some time, but it was inevitable since Buzz, Lunker, and Edgar had lived on the edge of society for so long they appeared unaware of the way a civilized person would conduct themselves. Their world was filled with moments of violence and hours of mind numbing riding, but they decided to take what they wanted from anyone they could. The three obviously had no thought about how their actions affected anyone around the victim. They wouldn’t have cared anyhow.
In the morning after they had killed the settler, the trio of bad men rode off after sipping then gulping down a slowly boiled pot of reused coffee over a smoldering smokey fire.
“We’ll needa stop and get more in the next town,” Edgar offered and wrapped the beef in an old shirt. The grease wouldn’t hurt anything. He thought he could buy another with his part of the forty dollars.
“They’s a bank up to Trinidad,” Lunker said, seeming to remember it from long past event in his life of outlawry.
“Bad town. Got a good Marshal. We’ll likely get killed dead we try anything there,” Buzz muttered.
“How about Cristo?” Lunker wondered.
“Just an ole man with a shotgun there,” Buzz said. “Bank?” Edgar wondered.
“Yeah,” Lunker said over his shoulder. “Big?”
“Hell no,” Lunker said, once again over his shoulder.
“Why bother?” Edgar asked. “We don’t need much. We can get more we need it.” His plea was met with a scornful look from both of the others. A snarly grin seemed to rip open Lunker’s face and the gash of decayed teeth and red gums disturbed Edgar almost as much as Buzz shooting the man.
They lost one of the calves. They weren’t watching and it just sauntered off and disappeared down a gully. It never came out. Edgar didn’t notice for nearly two miles. Two young calves were all they had left. Now there was only one.
“I ain’t goin’ back fer it,” Buzz said.
“Me neither,” Lunker nodded and said he agreed. “You wanna, Edgar?”
“No.” He didn’t care anything about getting separated. If these two ride off while I chase some stupid leather head then I’ll be stuck with a two dollar piece of jerky and law around the corner, he thought glumly.
Of course they didn’t know Edgar Conroy from beans up here, so it probably wouldn’t be too bad.
He thought, I don’t wanna get shucked of them right now, though. He spit a stream of brown tobacco juice and a drool ran down his shaggy unshaved chin onto his dirty flannel plaid shirt. I just gotten used to the two and they’re okay, but gotta to be careful, he thought nearly out loud. As it was he mumbled and the two others looked at him, questions in their eyes.
They rode on until late one afternoon they rode through the pass at the Raton. Conroy remembered it for the friendly people when he passed by a couple years before and now he didn’t want to cause any problems for them.
The trio kept riding. The climb out of the near valley toward the pass wasn’t bad though the horses blew and sputtered.
“Don’t give them horses no hurry ups here, boys. They gotta last,” Buzz remarked, breathing hard against the altitude and wind whipping their faces.
Edgar noted they did push and overwork the mounts on the climb. At the top of the hill, at the pass, the trio slowed only for a few minutes. When the other two looked at Raton’s Sentinel Bank with what Edgar thought might be evil intent, he reminded them of their destination. So, they didn’t but stop for a slurp at the horse trough in the center of town.
“And, these folks got one mean Sheriff,” Edgar warned them. “If we hang around here he’ll know it. He’s got some slick guns workin’ this territory and we’d be dead meat he gets angry,” Buzz said softly, looking around.
The road to Cristo was smooth, beat hard, and dragged often by some territory authority who was determined to keep the highway open. The weather was fairly pleasant even though the wind was ice cold and Conroy all but forgot his transgression in Aquisto. The two boys riding with him admitted, “We’re wanted in every community, farm town, burg, and stump holler this side of Big Springs.” They laughed, apparently pleased with the notoriety.
“Shee’!” Edgar said, “I just figured ya’ll was a couple of fun boys. Wanted? Ha!” He laughed once. He believed the bounty probably wasn’t worth much.
Buzz, however, was flat evil it seemed and Lunker wasn’t much better, maybe more cruel than Buzz.
“I get crazy sometimes and mean. Damn mean. Just stay clear of me. I don’t want no truck with no one. I’d just as soon kill as look at ya.” Buzz squinted a pure nasty looking face at Edgar as if to testify by his statement. Edgar shied from the rattlesnake in the man’s eyes.
The three rode into Cristo and surveyed the village. On the west was a hardware emporium with tools and general merchandise. There was little else except three boarded up business fronts. Over the bar and saloon was a sign which advertised: SOLiCiTeR “There’s the lawman,” Buzz said softly, almost not heard, and nodded to the jail-office.
The Cristo women could drop in at the store for frilly stuff on the east side of the street and to the south the cafe: EaTS HeRe The place bookended the line of businesses.
Smoke rose straight up early in the morning from various small black pipes attached to the buildings; the one belched the most, Edgar noted, was from EaTS HeRe. He cataloged the rest of the street: further up north on the east there was a saddle shop, the hostelry, then another empty space boarded over, the blacksmith, and the city building; then the bank and a saloon side by side. Edgar noted how the smudge from wood stoves hung over the buildings, but it made a fragrant odor throughout the bowl in which the community settled. Then the wind picked up and blew the dust and debris around in a little tornado vortex dissipating the chimney smoke as well.
“Goin’ on ten o’clock,” Lunker said, looking at his pocket watch.
The boys tied their mounts at the rail in front of the saddlery and went in to check tack. Conroy walked the boards to the saloon. He had to pass the bank and naturally glanced inside. No one there except the fellow behind the bars and a man with a suit who sat at a desk in the corner. The office directly across from the bank was likely only a two room jailhouse.
Conroy went to the saloon and tossed off some rotgut which, as he thought about it, weren’t no better’n that stuff down ta New Mexico.
He shuddered all the way to his shoes and poured another. Buzz came in and slapped him on the back.
“We gotta be rollin’, pardner.”
Conroy looked up, feeling a bit green at the gills, “Man, I’m as thirsty as a beached whale.” He wanted to drink just a “little” more.
“Lunker’s waitin’.” Buzz smiled broadly and pulled on Edgar’s shirt firmly.
Edgar tossed two dimes on the bar and left with a “what can I do?” look on his face to the barkeep.
The ‘tender wiped the bar top and clearly ignored the two.
Lunker yanked the horses and the others mounted. Conroy thought they were gonna rob a bank. He didn’t think much about the plans, but he wanted to be in on it.
“Yahoo!” Lunker yelled, the horses hunkered down, and everyone bolted for the trail north.
Edgar glanced back for a half second and saw no one looked down the street at them. They rode away easy as you please he thought. Edgar wondered for a moment about when they might go back and rob the bank.
Outside of town about an hour they stopped and looked back down the grade.
“No one followin’. No dust, no trailin’, no nothing.” Lunker smiled. “We left easy as you please.”
Buzz hit his thigh with a floppy dirty dusty hat. “What happened?” Edgar asked and belched wetly.
“Robbed the damn bank, fool,” Lunker said and shook his head. “You did?” Edgar didn’t believe it.
“You witless numbskull,” Buzz said and shook his head with Lunker.
The saddle bag Lunker carried opened to display a huge canvas bag. He pulled it out and opened it. Paper money nearly popped out the bag was so full.
“Caught ‘em countin’ it. Said for ‘em to jess shovel it in the bag an’ gi’me.” The bank robbing crook smirked with what might have passed for a self assured grin. “They done it and we’re in the money.”
“Hot damn. Never knew robbin’ banks was so easy,” Buzz said and pushed ten dollar bills in his pockets. “Sure more’n forty damn dollars,” he said with a cracked smile.
“How much you figger?”
“Couple hunderd anyhow,” Lunker said with his own wide smile.
They rechecked their back trail and everyone saw them.
“Dust there now, boys,” Buzz warned unnecessarily as they all became suddenly alert.
The lawman had obviously formed a posse to chase the trio. “Let’s ride, boys, let’s ride. They a’ter us now.” Lunker grinned, wheeled around, and headed into the sage and brush on the west side of the road into the tall timber and rough country; his arms wide and a loud yell issued from him.
“Yahoo!” Buzz hollered after him. He slapped at his horse with that floppy hat again. The horse jumped and ran after Lunker. Their dust was minimum and their trail was in country where even good Indian trackers might have difficulty following them.
Conroy didn’t wait to ask more questions or see who was chasing, he cut and ran too.
The three self styled bad men’s travels took them through Colorado and into Wyoming. When they needed a little money they stopped long enough to take a few dollars from this bank and that. They would drop their horses behind the saloon, Edgar was a good horse holder, then Buzz and Lunker would venture into the streets. They told the story how they’d scan the traffic and when they felt the way was fairly secure they’d drop into the bank to make a withdrawal.
“Sometimes they’s shootin’ and sometimes they ain’t,” Buzz advised as he counted what he said was his last three dollars. They always came away with something, though.
Lunker and Buzz hunkered down for the night laughed and kicked at the small fire, drinking coffee and picking at teeth from the leavings of supper, as they told of their last deed.
They never did buy new clothes or better horses or tack. They merely spent it at saloons and gambling halls with no thought of tomorrow. To them banks were, it seems, there to withdraw funds.
“Good day, sir, would you like to make a deposit or withdrawal?” The man in the green eyeshade reached into his little box for a deposit slip. Often tough looking riders from the nearby ranches would make small deposits to save up for a trip “home.” The smile was broad, the teeth were stained, but the welcome was genuine it seemed. The greeting seldom varied from bank to bank town to town.
Buzz, more often than Lunker, would step up with a great grin to equal the welcomer’s. He’d take the deposit slip and in his scrawl would write out the words, “WITHDRAL.”
He’d pass the note back to the bank clerk who would look at it. “Sorry, wrong slip. Let me get you the right one.” The clerk would finger his little stack of chits. “Here you are.”
Buzz maintained his grin. “Need some cash for a trip.” “How much would that be?”
“All of it,” Buzz said with a wide grin.
“All of your account?” the teller wondered nicely.
“Nope. All you got.” Then Buzz’d pull his big .45 and lay it on the counter. “And don’t make too much noise or I’ll let ole Bessy here put a hole in you a dog could run through.”
Shaking, the clerical help would look over his shoulder, just as they did everytime! the bad boys robbed the bank, and asked for advice.
“Mr. Browner,” he’d say, or Mr. Clay, or Mr. Jones, or whoever could help.
“What is it Henry?” or James, or Buford, or Clem, or whoever was irritating the supervisor.
“This man wants to make a withdrawal.” The words were identical no matter where they went.
“That’s fine. Just take care of it.” Then the manager would see the big pistol laying on the counter pointed directly at him.
“Oh, that kind.” Or words to that effect. One said, “Like hell!”
They buried him.
Henry or Buford or Clem would then, obviously being very careful not to irritate the gunman, load the bag with as much money as he had in his cash drawer. The boys weren’t greedy and so they didn’t empty the safe, most of the time.
“Now, just stay right still. Don’t move none. We don’t wanna kill no one. We just want a few minutes to get goin’.”
Buzz would back away. Lunker would stand with his hands high, like a robbee rather than a robber. Buzz would walk out. If the people in the bank got excited Lunker would get all excited and look out the window, making noises like the man was waiting, “GET BACK! He’s right there. He’ll shoot too, looks like. May have a partner close by.”
Then the cowboy would suggest he’d run get the law.
“Ya’ll should stay right here. Don’t move and take no chances ner nothin’.”
Lunker’d sneak out the door – kinda like a rabbit he explained, run to his horse behind the building, and the three would pound the road flat-gettin’-outta-town.
Buzz hurrahed and yelled while Lunker laughed at the story. Conroy enjoyed their delight. He’d smile with them. He only wanted to get inside one of them banks sometime, he decided.
And he needed a drink and thought, a couple would be good. Edgar even dreamed about whiskey. Lots. He thought he might need whiskey more than he needed the money. “The Mexican?” Edgar replied when asked by a man in a bar in a little town in Colorado. “Well, we was whoopin’ it up in a bar near Buffalo, Wyoming – only a little place at that time, making life miserable for the drunks and only slightly less miserable for the drinkers.” Edgar laughed and slapped the bar. He sipped at a drink of liquor while he told the story.
Across the room the Mexican was teaching some fellow about knife throwing.
“The boys tossed their money round perty good,” Edgar said. “I’uz completely ‘whumped’ as Lunker likes to call it when I get drunk, but,” he defended himself, “I didn’t fall down.”
Conroy told the man the story of a Mexican that no one ever knew who he was, for real.
At a little town in Montana the three stopped for a drink at a dingy bar with no light except what came from outside and ring of candles stuck in wax from other melted candles on a wagon wheel suspended from the ceiling by a chain.
Lunker yelled, “Hey, Mex!”
“Si, senor.”
“You drink that tee-kee-ler?”
“Si, I drink et,” the Mexican said and tossed his big knife at a spot on the wall. The thunk and wavering knife in the center of the spot made a smile spread on the Mexican’s face. The men around him also smiled and mumbled appreciative remarks. They had never seen knife work like that before, or so it appeared.
“We never drink nothin’ lak ‘at. What’s it lak?”
“Eet ees like fire, senor. Eet go down very slowly, but make beeg fire when eet strike ze bottom,” the Mexican yanked, with a grunt and a heave, at the haft of his knife and it finally came from the pine board wall. He wiped it on his sleeve and looked up at the talker, the Mexican’s eyes cold, dark, and penetrating.
The men laughed and guffawed at the description, but everyone could tell there was little humor in the Mexican’s characterization of the liquid.
“Bartender! Tee-kee-ler!” “Bottle!”
The bartender brought what was described on the hand written label as Tekeela. The “management” probably thought anyone who’d drink tequila would more than likely be “whumped” and never know any different anyhow.
“Mex! Try this!” The bottle flew ten feet through the air and as it headed toward the wall was caught by the Mexican’s big hand.
He tilted the bottle up and swigged a huge gulp. He sputtered, threw the bottle away where it slammed against the wall at the close end of the room. It rattled on the floor spilling the clear brown tinted contents into the sawdust and dirt.
“Ees puerco chis!” He looked at the ceiling with a sour expression.
The Mexican then yanked out an old pistol, silver plated, and proceeded to shoot the bottle into small pieces of glass, knock two candles off the wagon wheel, splatter two large holes in the walls of the saloon above the bar. Several bottles of what went out as whiskey exploded and threw brown liquid all over the room.
Lunker grabbed Edgar, Buzz yelled, and with the Mexican they all ran out the door. Buzz returned at the last second and shot four holes in the ceiling. The Mexican was reloading his pistola as he ran out the door with the others. A penetrating soprano scream leaped from his mouth as he fled from the porch of the bar onto the back of his ground reined animal at the overcrowded tie rail.
Edgar explained, “Boom, boom, boom, and boom his Betsy coughed at the ring of candles in the wagon wheel holder.” Edgar laughed. Then he went on to tell the rest of the story as men crowded closer and someone ordered up another round of drinks for the story teller.
“Hiyi!” Edgar said the Mexican shouted. Edgar told the story of the Mexican who mounted in a bound onto his beautiful quarter-horse, yanked it around as he reloaded his bright shiney pistol and then threw two more shots at the saloon, drove his spurs into the handsome animal, and pounded down the street, reloading – once more – on the run.
Edgar gulped the top half of his drink and added, “The reins was be-tween his teeth!” Edgar said with admiration.
Conroy had hung on to his own horse for dear life, but didn’t explain that to the listener. He also avoided telling he spent the ride wondering what all the excitement was about.
They hol’ up ‘nother bank and not tell me? He had wondered. But to the listeners of the story he told he said nothing of the confusion.
“’Gidyap!’” Edgar imitated Lunker as he yelled with a laugh and ran his horse after the Mexican. Buzz, Edgar told the men listening, reloaded like the Mex had; and since Edgar didn’t see it, he only had Buzz’s word on it.
“Buzz caught up with the resta us just outside of town, hooves thundering down the powder puffing trail heading north.” Edgar looked around as his glass emptied and waited until someone ordered it filled. “The last man out had grabbed a half empty bottle off the counter near the door, two cowboys there had doven under a table to escape the bullets from them two crazy shooters.” Edgar doubled over laughing at the image.
He went on with his tale, “They passed the bottle around as we rode, burning leather. Everytime that damn’ bottle come close to me I missed it, howsomever.” Edgar tried to explain he was not drinking so much anymore. The truth was evident, however, and slightly exaggerated.
Yes, the truth was somewhat different.
He had ridden askew on his horse’s back and waved at the whiskey bottle time and again; the vision impaired drinker couldn’t seem to make contact. Everyone else had a big gulp and got their share. But Edgar was too drunk to catch the bottle. He mumbled something and belched just as it passed him one more time.
The four stopped their run after about thirty minutes. Conroy was winded although the horse had done all the work. The three laughed at him stumbling up after them. It seemed the horse was nearly under the influence from the fumes issuing from the rider on its back.
“Hey, Edgar. You get any of this?” Buzz waved a bottle of liquor in the air.
“Nope,” Edgar Conners muttered, swayed, and looked for the handle to the offering. He came close, but not close enough. Finally Buzz put the neck up, shoved it inches into Conroy’s mouth, and tilted until the last drop drained.
“Yahoo!” Buzz shouted and threw the empty into the sage and short grass growing at the verge of the road.
The horses walked and the men laughed. They hadn’t anyplace to stay, just now, but they knew they could find something. A gulch with some cover would suffice. The next morning they could head out to the closest town and get something to eat.
“Mex. What they call you?” “Lunes, senor. Solomente Lunes.” “Looneys? What’s it mean in English?”
“Som’t’ing like Monday, senor. You call me Monday, is okay. You call me Lunes is okay. No difference, senor.”
“Monday it is. I can’t talk no Mexi-can. Looney sounds too Mexican to me. Monday. Sounds good. Monday,” Lunker said and repeated it over and over.
“Hey, Monday?” Buzz asked. “Yes?”
“You wanna ride with us?”
“Ride weeth you, senor?” Monday looked a bit skeptical. “Sure, ride with us,” Lunker put in.
“I am not so sure you want to ride weeth me. I am no’ a, how you say, good man,” Monday warned.
“You mean yo’re a bad man?” Buzz said and grinned a wide snaggle toothed grin.
“Si. I have done some the bad t’ings.”
“Like?” Buzz asked, clearly wanting to know just what this Mexican had done.
“I rob zee bank. I rob zee bank in Horse Creek.”
“Horse Creek?” Buzz laughed and looked at Lunker. “That a place we done?”
“Nah, we missed Horse Creek.”
“How we do that?” Buzz wondered. He thought, surely, they had robbed every bank from Cripple Creek to Josiah’s Wells.
“I donno. But we missed it. Monday done it for us,” Lunker said and laughed with gusto.
“Yeah, Monday done it.” Buzz reached out and with a floppy wide brimmed worn out stetson he slapped the shoulder of the Mexican.
They were all dressed up for cool weather. The nights were chilly and the days were warm, for now.
Conroy wore his denim jacket, but had on a flannel shirt with plenty of holes as if he had rubbed it on rocks trying to get the bad spots out. He’d bought a new shirt down in Cheyenne, but hadn’t unrolled it yet. His hat was sweat stained and frayed on the brim.
Buzz looked almost identical, but wore his flannel shirt over a stocky frame shorter by three inches than Conroy. His limp rimmed hat turned up in front and run through with a crow’s feather. He always wore a smile. It was his rotten buck teeth that showed during the constant grin, even when he shot at someone in anger. A wanted poster they had seen called him the Smiling Bandit. It was only the front three of four teeth, though nearly gone from the decay, which always showed and gave the appearance of a grotesque grin. Buzz said he thought it something to have a handle like that, The Smiling Bandit.
Lunker was three or so inches taller than Conroy and wore a frayed and threadbare sweater under his denim jacket and over a heavy shirt. His flat hat was dark with round silver spangles decorating the crown. He admitted he wasn’t much of a gunfighter, but he called it his “gunfightin’ hat.” He didn’t wear a ranching or cowboy hat. He said he thought he’d never return to that hard work and he’d wanted to take the look of what he thought was a sharp city-dude with the Gunfightin’ Hat. He knocked the dust off it every day, keepin’ it lookin’ nice was his intent. It didn’t work.
The Mex, Monday, looked pretty common except for the sombrero. He wore it tilted forward. He didn’t wear what everyone thought a caballero ought. He wore a sheepskin lined leather jacket. He wore tough wool pants and carried chaps, had good leather gloves, and carried on his left wrist a beautiful braided quirt. The sombrero was, however, the distinctive feature. And the moustache of course was royal, princely, imperial as he told his new friends that his woman had once said of the adornment; it had been his since he had to shave the first time. Trimmed occasionally, to keep it from straining food, it still looked as if it had the texture of soft camel’s hair and the droop of a true Mexican soldier. It was wonderful some woman had said as it caressed her lips, as he told the three and smiled, obviously in memory of the moments.
The three, now expanded to four, became a cause to several law agencies in the west. No one wanted to face them alone, so when they rode into town the Marshal or Sheriff would find something to keep him busy twenty or thirty miles away.
That is until they rode into the tiny community of Ox Bow.
Then there was that Marshal from Elk City.
The stage coach rolled between the cities and communities where the trains didn’t yet run. The bad men who scourged the West earlier in the century were not yet a past evil; but, there were a those who had an idea of easy money by shooting up coaches, robbing passengers, and taking the cash boxes.
The Duttons were a pair of almost identical brothers; not twins, but merely brothers. In 1874 they were the prototypes of future gangsters.
The Dutton brothers were two years apart. They dressed in dapper clothes, gathered a few other ne’erdowells, and rode roughshod over the Wyoming countryside; their manner was devoted to pillage and plunder.
And since there were few to challenge them, fewer still were the lawmen to chase them, the United States Government made a project of this outlaw band.
Wanted posters complained: 
wanted
dead or alive
DUTTON BROTHERS
Clancy and Vernon 
reward $5000 $3000
The newly formed and still disorganized Federal Marshals in Wyoming had little effect on the brothers or their band. There were only twenty of these lawmen in the territory and their task was complicated since these twenty had to cover almost ninety five thousand square miles. Each Marshal was given more than forty five hundred square miles to maintain the peace – four thousand five hundred plus or minus a few hundred.
Of course there were many areas where there would be no trouble; the tough, hard, and desolate mountainous territory around the crest of the Rockies.
Before the Cattlemens Rangers were formed, Bill Egan was appointed as a Federal Marshal and assigned to Casper, Wyoming. His territory butted against Will Dean’s whose headquarters was Ox Bow. And there was Junius Ewing further east, Pete Fields to the North, and Butler Clivens to the south. These men chased the Duttons, but they couldn’t be everywhere at once solving every crime and answering every question.
Butler Clivens died in a shoot out with a bank robbing bunch of hooligans in 1876, but this event was unrelated to the Dutton gang.
And the Duttons knew where all these Marshals were, apparently.
The Dutton Gang charged into Grey Cloud one dark afternoon after three Marshals had chased a rumor the Duttons were near Sheridan – several hundred miles away.
Clancy wondered, to a man in a bar, why there were two towns like this, White Cloud and Grey Cloud. Finally someone told him the towns were named after Indian Chiefs. Clancy thought that was stupid – naming a town after an Indian.
The Duttons were seemingly fearless. This day they saw a stage coach at the mercantile and rode directly to the building, shot up the store, captured a woman passenger, and snatched the cash box from the counter of the stage station.
Even though one of the bandits was killed and one wounded, the three remaining members raced off in a cloud of dust with the woman over the saddle of the dead man’s horse.
The elder Dutton, Clancy, ordered her let loose when they came to a place they could pause.
“Aw, boss. We ain’t had no women in weeks,” the smallish of the band of outlaws moaned.
“That’s gonna get us kilt faster’n anythin’ we do, Dunn,” the younger, Vernon Dutton, reminded the young one.
“But, boss,” Dunn cried to Clancy ignoring Vernon. “I gotta have some kissin’ even if I don’t get no cuz,” the young boy continued to whine.
“Well,” Vernon Dutton continued to warn them, “you ain’t gettin’ no cuz with this woman. We’ll be hanged fer sure,” he repeated.
“Hell, we’re near dead now. They gonna shoot us dead on sight. Might’s well get a little cuz and go out at least feelin’ good,” the boy said looking at the elder Dutton. Clearly he wanted the man to settle the argument.
“Well,” the elder Clancy Dutton decided, “get it over with. And Dunn,” he added, “don’t be leaving no mess, you hear?”
The schoolboy cute youngster jumped off his mount and took the woman behind some trees. She didn’t scream, but she resisted. She fought the raper and scratched his face. It appeared she wouldn’t scream – though Clancy Dutton, sitting back from the scene twenty yards or more thought she would.
“Stop it!” Dunn shouted once and a fist with the barrel of his pistol rose and fell once and the fighting ended.
The younger brother, Vernon Dutton, looked to his brother who merely shrugged.
The elder watched as the woman, who looked only stunned by the rap on her head, was used and then Dunn looked finished.
“Thanks,” he said and nodded to her tipping his hat slightly. She spit at him and glared with what was probably the hardest look she could manage. She lay there pulling her clothes around her, clearly trying to recover some of her dignity. She wanted to stand, it appeared, but was wobbly from the two events – the hit on her head and the insult to her body. But her clothing was torn and rumpled and she began to cry.
“Boss?” Dunn inquired as he straightened his belt one last time, “You want some?”
“No,” Clancy shook his head, “I got a better way to get a woman to enjoy me than forcing her.” His voice was hard and deep. No one waited for a second opinion. When he gave one it stayed given.
“I think I’ll take a crack at ‘er,” Vernon said.
“Get on with it. We better not linger here too long. Them people won’t be waitin’ long ‘fore they get after us,” the elder replied.
“It won’t take long. I’m kinda ripe,” Vernon replied with a leer and loosened his pants as he walked toward the woman. His scrawny body, thin and bony, was disgusting looking.
And the woman could not have been impressed. She looked more terrified with this assault than she did with the first.
She also seemed to not have any strength left and when the young Dutton was done he slapped her.
“Damn, woman. You coulda at least moved,” he complained. She spit at him.
He pulled his long pistol and shot her.
“Why’d you do that?” the older Dutton growled.
“She spit at me. No one does that,” the man said harshly. “Clancy, ain’t no woman ever does that to me and lives,” he told his brother.
“Spit at me too,” the light voiced Dunn put in shaking his head up and down.
“Damn ingrate,” Clancy Dutton complained some more as he slung his leg over the back of the dunn he rode. “We wuz gonna let her go too,” Clancy said and yanked on the reins and settled in the saddle.
They pounded the earth as they rode west.
The University of Wyoming was a co-educational university with full credentials to offer degrees in various subjects, but mostly attendant to animal husbandry, entomology, agriculture, business, and political economics. The students were not all university level, however. They were often sent to Laramie by their wealthy parents to study through the higher secondary school grades and then sent on to the East: Chicago, Boston, and Pennsylvania to finish what were called “Upper Division” years.
The students were academically sound, but they had never been offered studies above seventh grade in the ranch schools and small town “one rooms.”
The hometown teachers were merely enthusiastic local ladies for the most part with small textbooks full of doubtful accuracy; textbooks which had been left from the last time someone came through town with too many books and left a portion of the treasure – it lightened their loads for the trip over the mountains to the West.
Miss Louise Putnam in Elk City was the part-time whore and part-time teacher. The citizens put up with her mainly because she could read well and write a pretty hand. They only asked she keep the two businesses separate. Many of the more reputable denizens had pasts which, if investigated, would prove none too worthy.
The kids acted without prejudice about Miss Putnam’s profession and enjoyed the teaching style which was imaginative.
The youngsters never saw her at night except for a few hooligans who peeked through the windows, but she was careful to draw her drapes so no one was able to see clearly.
Bill Egan had finished grade school – a little one-roomer near the community of Rivertown, Arizona – just after the Civil War ended. He’d been raised at the foot of the Gila Mountains hunting and fishing with his dad. He had the rough edges of knowledge, but he needed more. He was only 12 and past the seventh grade. He demanded more. His parents worked hard to insure he would be educated past this one-room school house. Their wisdom was repaid over and over. Bill’s folks didn’t live to see it, howver, as they were swept up in the late 70’s Indian uprisings.
The Egans sent Bill to an aunt and uncle in Kansas. There he was enrolled in an advanced class and saved from sure death at the hands of the Apaches. He never thought of his safety, though. He did think he ought to have been with his parents even if it had meant his own end. It took him several years to get over the loss and the guilt.
Ross Egan had a scrub ranch and worked hard to keep his herd together. An Apache named Sasalito broke with the tribal rules and led a band of renegades into the countryside. They caught the Egans helpless on a Sunday on the way to town to go to church. It didn’t take long for the Indians to dispose of the pair.
Bill Egan rode day and night back to Arizona to see about his parents. He nearly died in the saddle, but survived the long trek. He felt he was at fault for not being there to share his mother and father’s fate.
He was asked if he’d been there did he think he could have saved them and his answer was always, “Probably not.” But deep inside he thought he might have made a difference. Somehow.
During 1872 – he was then fifteen – he helped his aunt and uncle with their wheat farm in Kansas, just across the border from Colorado.
Bill Egan returned to the Arizona ranch in ‘74 – still sorrowful over his loss. With help from some neighbors he rebuilt the cabin – using some of the old materials that had not burned. He thought he was full grown and reinforced his conclusion with independence at 17.
He felt the full frustration of losing his Dad and Mom, but he could only beat his fists against the center post of the house and cry. Men, he thought, didn’t cry and he went to work; he promised to make men pay for their crimes against others.
He hunted, fished, and traded with locals for vegetables and bread. He raised pigs and a few cattle for alternative meats. He was mature before he was 18.
Bill never thought he’d grow a beard as a sign of manhood, so one day he took his father’s straight razor from the fire scorched box and laid it softly against his lathered cheeks. He cleanly removed the soft blond fleece and fuzz.
He wiped his face with the cleanest towel he had and looked in the cracked mirror to see what had happened. He saw his smooth high cheeks, ran his fingers over the tender skin, and smiled at his newly found physical maturity.
But, a tear also trickled from his eye as he remembered sitting at his father’s feet watching the man remove the heavy stubble he’d grow during the week. Bill’s father was not personally fastidious and only shaved once or twice a week. As the youngster grew he realized it was manhood, pure and simple, that made a man shave.
Bill stayed on the scrub ranch for two months after the cabin was built.
But he had to go. He didn’t sell the ranch, he merely told the neighbors he would be back. Someday. He paid two years land taxes out of his carefully hoarded money and promised to send the proper amount every year and the land was not to be sold.
The local government agreed and made a note in the property book – DO NOT SELL FOR TAXES UNLESS CANNOT LOCATE BILLY EGAN.
The young Egan migrated and after working at several cow-camps, a cattle drive or two, two scrub buck-broke ranches where he donated more time than they could afford to pay, he ended up in White Cloud, Wyoming. Saddle weary, worn thin pants, and carrying calloused hands.
The city hired the 18 year old as the town’s Deputy Marshal on the basis, Bill figured, that he could shave and might last until the next straggler rode into town. Didn’t look like hard work, but he found out quickly that four men had held the job in the last year. Three were dead and they never did find the fourth.
But this young Marshal survived; no one could tell why the others died or disappeared. Nor why the youthful Marshal survived.
His badge was so heavy it pulled the shirt pocket down and since he’d grown rail thin on his travels he had to buy suspenders to hold up what remained of his patched and patched again pants. He thought he’d buy new denims or corduroys after the first payday.
“Hidy,” a voice spoke to him from the shadows under the porch overhang.
“Yeah,” Bill replied, nodded to the scruffy cowboy sitting with hat pulled low on his forehead, and smoking a roll-your-own.
“New?” the voice asked and followed it with a deep wet cough. “Why?” Bill Egan asked easily.
“I’m the bad boy aroun’ here,” the voice told him.
“You are?” Bill didn’t think he looked all that bad. Mostly he looked disreputable. Bad? Nah. Bill sat down beside the man.
“Yup,” the voice said and spit in the dust, scrubbed his cigarette on the stoop, knocked back his hat, and looked at Bill with a smile. “I drink too much and get bad.”
“Can’chaquit?” Bill took the man’s makin’s and did a roll your own of his own.
“Sure. I done it half dozen times. And that was this week.”
Bill turned until he was facing the man. Bill had his boot up on the top step of three and inspected something on it. “Sounds like you got a pro’lem.”
“Just work. If’n I c’n get some I ferget to drink,” the voice said spryly.
“Cow chaser?” Bill asked. “Yup,” the man replied. “Lawin’?”
“I guess,” the man said with a shrug and a look away as if embarrassed to answer such a notion.
Bill stubbed out the coal of the cigarette, rose, and left the fellow sitting there. Then he turned and asked, “They call you?”
“Shorty,” the lanky rider answered. “Sorty Page.” “You don’t look short,” Bill said.
“Ain’t,” Shorty responded and seemed like that was all there was to that.
Bill shook his head and inventoried the rider who looked no more reputable than Bill had when he first rode into town. Bill also noted the man asleep against the support pole holding up the roof over the board walk.
Bill shook his head some more and continued to walk the street. It was dry, dusty, and windy in White Cloud. His badge tugging at his pocket he uplifted his trousers several times and shifted himself into the seat better. He did talk to several folks about what they wanted him to watch out for as far as criminal elements were concerned.
“Satid’ys,” one man said – four teeth missing in front made the words almost hard to understand.
“Saturd’y?” Bill wided eyed him.
“Yeah. They come to town and raise hell. One these days this town gonna get tar’d of it,” the toothless man said and walked away with a huff and a snort.
Another man, accompanied by a woman, agreed that Saturday nights in town were unsafe for anyone. But the saloon tender thought the citizens were overreacting.
The banker thought it a surprise anyone could have trouble in a nice and pleasant town like White Cloud. Of course, Bill found out after some glad handing, the man was the City Treasurer as well as brother of the Mayor.
“Boss,” Bill said as he entered the office after three or four turns around the four hundred yard – paces – of Main Street.
“Egan,” the Marshal acknowledged. “Anythin’ else?” Bill wondered.
“Just watch the town and don’t let no one walk off with it,” the Marshal told Bill and that seemed about as simple as it could get. “Right,” Bill said and poured a cup of hot black brew into the cup he’d taken from the peg on the wall above the stove. It was very hot outside, but the big logs in the building kept the place cool until late in the afternoon. “First day,” he added, “no problems.”
“I’m riding out to Cross Arrows and I’ll be back late.” “Anything I need to know?” Bill wondered.
“Few head missin’,” the Marshal said and slung his belt around his waist, buckled it up, and settled the Navy Colt in the dark stained pocket.
“Rustled?” Bill wondered.
“Mebbeeso, mebbeeno,” the Marshal said with a smile without any mirth. “Pro’ly a bunch got loose and some settlers got at ‘em.”
“That Page fellow could ride with you,” Bill offered a mild suggestion.
“Shorty?” The Marshal made a sour looking face.
“Yeah.”
The Marshal indicated Shorty Page was a no-good and lazy and had no purpose to his life and that the man was a danger to himself and to others.
“Be better off his’ownse’f and others if someone shot him,” the Marshal advised. There seemed to be an implied if not direct threat involved.
“Yeah?” Bill asked and watched the boss walk out the door toward the hostler.
Two days later and the Marshal unreturned, Bill sent Shorty to look for the lawman. Two days later Shorty returned with the Marshal over a saddle and a drunk sodbuster in tow. Seems the Marshal had faced the man and got blown out of his saddle by a three foot long 10 guage shotgun which under normal circumstances would kill a horse from 50 yards. The Marshal was only ten feet away. Shorty Page let the sodbuster bring along his bottle, actually three, and they shared them on the way into town.
“Yore the town Marshal now until a more experienced once come along,” the Mayor said tentatively. There seemed to be a bit of hesitation in the man’s voice, but Bill was so elated that he’d become the lawman for the town he ignored the implications – and only 18 and a half years old.
Bill Egan and Shorty Page riding in from Elk City arrived at White Cloud, north of Laramie, before dark of a long night. The two just decided to pick up and leave White Cloud. They quit. Just like that. They’d partnered there for more than a year and that made Bill eighteen going on nineteen and Shorty still indeterminate age someplace between thirty and sixty – some days it was the former and some days it was the latter.
But they arrived after a Winter storm that people claimed they had to bathe in ice just to get warm.
They sat around the place called the Elk City Hotel and waited for work to drop in on them. Bill didn’t like drink much and Shorty knew better by now and so they sipped coffee or nothing.
“You boy’s lookin’ for work?” a dapper fellow with a dark fedora hat asked.
us.”
“Nope,” Shorty said. “Figger we sit here long enough it’ll find “Got means of support?” the fellow wondered.
Bill decided the man was law and didn’t want to get into any trouble, so he settled down into his seat and pulled his weathered hat low.
Shorty Page, however, was saddle stung and didn’t like taking any ragging off anyone.
“Nope,” Shorty said and swigged a slurp of coffee.
“City ord-i-nance says you gotta have means of support or get outta town,” the supposed law said.
“You gonna do it?” Shorty wondered with a grin. “I can if I havta,” the man said.
“Hol’ it, Shorty,” Bill put in. “You the law?” Bill asked.
“As law goes I’m him,” the badge toter said spreading his heavy warm coat to the side and displaying a bright silver star with the word TOWN above the word MARSHAL.
“Bill Egan,” he said and held out a hand. The lawman ignored it. Bill added, “Late Marshal of White Cloud and this here’s Shorty Page of Someplace and Ever’place. He ‘uz my dep’ty. We up and left when after two years they refused to pay either of us more than thirty dollars a month and a place to sleep.” Bill grinned.
“Don North. Gladdametcha,” he said and finally reached out. “Lookin’ for law jobs if there are any. Deputy or whatever,” Bill said and waved at Shorty to indicate he was included in the deal.
“A-round here? Range Committee’s hiring bounty men. But ain’t like real lawin’,” North said. “Maybe they’s somethin’.”
Bill motioned for the man to take a seat. He did. The story came out, though with tooth pulling pliers.
The dapper bowler hatted sheriff was unable to resist the temptation to confront a whole army of bad men all by himself.
The Mayor, it was said, however, smiled and shied clear, probably finding something to keep him busy thirty miles away.
There was a trio of men who sat, forearms on saddle horns, and looked to be inspecting the businesses for what they might scavenge. Nothing tempted them, apparently, but the star packer had an idea these fellows were up to no good. He’d see about that, he thought.
“You boys need somethin’ in this town?” “We’re just admirin’ the scenery, Marshal.”
“North. And we like it too. Peaceful. If you got no business here I suggest you shuck on down the trail.” The lawman got right to the heart of the matter. He had a strange holster stuck way up high on his hip, butt slightly tilted to the rear. Lunker looked as if he thought the Sheriff would take a week to draw if he had to, but no one ever tested it around here. North kept his peace and made sure everyone knew who the law was. If there was a problem, then he was the man to bring it to. “Well, sir, I’m Conroy, this here’s Buzz, and that’s Lunker, and the Mex is Monday.” Conroy waved at the others and smiled at the Sheriff. “I don’t know we’re all that ready to leave. We come here and we’d like to have a drink or two at that there waterin’ place o’er thar.” Conroy seemed brave with the trio around him to cover his brash manner.
“Well, we close down about now,” Marshal North said just loudly enough the four riders could hear him.
“Looks like the doors is open.” The man named Buzz smiled broadly, his teeth making a hideous grin more malevolent. The obvious hint of violence apparently brought out the best – or worse – in him and North wasn’t fooled a second.
The stubby bad man, North had already made up his mind about them, clearly thought he’d love to see how long it took to unholster that puny little pop gun the Sheriff carried. North stood there and saw the man’s mind work and very nearly read it: How many shots could I get into that marshal’s body before he dragged the thing out enough to be considered a draw?
“Not today. We’re closin’ early,” said North and looked directly at the man to his immediate front.
Buzz stepped his horse aside. He flipped the coat back and thumbed the loop off the hammer.
North’s eyes followed the move.
“I’d not do anything you’re likely to regret,” he said, stepping back and standing straight, straighter than most gunmen do who bend at the knees and put clawlike fingers above their weapons.
“Well, now, I wonder if I really will regret it or if you are just standin’ in for a real powder blower.” Buzz’s teeth, even though unwashed, blackened, stained red and yellow seemed to glint as evilly as the eyes.
“Don’t ask me to prove it, boy,” North warned. “I’ve seen you all before in various towns and dives. Some lived and some died. You might not want to spend your eternity here.”
“Buzz!” Lunker said harshly.
The gunny called Buzz didn’t say anything or respond to the call from Lunker. The Mexican moved away; his hand was holding the reins on the horse and he moved them wide to show he was uninterested. He apparently wanted none of this strange man with the strange hat and the strange gun. Conroy turned his back on the scene.
“BUZZ!” “WHAT!?”
“Settle down,” Lunker said easily, but firmly.
“I wanna see how he draws that two bit pistol.”
“See?” The short barreled, unsighted, double action Smith and Wesson .44-40 appeared as if by magic in North’s hand and pointed directly at Buzz. He repeated, “See?”
“Oh, that is impressive, mister. That was good.” Buzz raised his hands. “Sorry, sir. Just thought I’d like to see how you done it. Gotta tell you it done some fast and I mostly missed it.”
“That’s right. You hand down your piece while you’re in this town and we’ll get along. Or, failing that little test you high tail it outta Ox Bow and don’t come back anytime soon.”
“Sounds like somethin’ I’d be most interested in,” Lunker said, nodding the affirmative, and yanked the reins on his horse. He whapped Buzz on the shoulder with his free hand and called the others. “Le’s be on the way, boys.”
They powdered the trail north. They wouldn’t be back this way soon.
Don North walked to the telegraph office and wired Will Dean in Cheyenne about the confrontation with the four men. He was sure this was a bunch Dean would want to see about.
Marshal Dean wired back his thanks and said he’d like to know where the men went.
The telegram read: 
“BE IN OX BOW NEXT WEEK STOP SEE IF YOU CAN CONFIRM ANY INFORMATION ABOUT WHERE THESE MEN MIGHT HAVE GONE STOP LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE THEN STOP W DEAN USMARSHAL” 
Don didn’t have anything particular for Will Dean, but thought he ought to keep the wide arms of the law spread in case other contacts were made.
Two days later another telegram from Will Dean in Cheyenne advised: “
COLORADO AND NEW MEXICO WARRANTS OUTSTANDING ONE EDGAR CONROY AND A MAN CALLED ONLY BUZZ COMMA ALSO KNOWN AS SMILING BANDIT STOP ANOTHER CALLED LUNKER STOP NOW A MEXICAN REPORTED WITH THEM STOP SOUNDS LIKE YOU MET THEM STOP MAKE REPORT WITH DESCRIPTION STOP WILL CIRCULATE TO ALL MARSHALS US TERR STOP W DEAN USMARSHAL” 
Don North wired back he would comply and looked forward to seeing Will when he arrived. The quartet of badmen rode through into Montana at Deadman’s Pass and robbed the saloon as they left.
“It wadn’t much to rob,” Buzz growled as they shared out coins and a few paper dollars. “Got only change. Need some real money. Let’s go get a bank.”
No one had been in the bar except two other bad men like the four and these patrons didn’t chase other bad men.
That night the four hunkered down by a fire, yammered about their freedom, and laughed how the law couldn’t catch cold, but Conroy had the sniffles.
They slept early and rose late because they were free to roam. The purse Lunker carried had enough money in it to last them a couple of days.
“We gotta find another bank soon.”
Conroy whined about the stuffy head cold he was catching and coughed a rough raspy deep chest heaving three or four times. The other three were tired of him, about now, but they weren’t able to rid themselves of him entirely. He’d been faithful and he’d do bidding they couldn’t get anyone else to do. He was, they told him, hapless and stupid for the most. And they enjoyed ribbing him about all manner of things. They still goaded him to tell who he’d killed back in New Mexico – disbelief in their questioning – and how it started. He hadn’t thought up a good enough story yet, so he just shook his head and said he didn’t remember. He claimed he’d been so drunk it was all a haze anyhow.
“Maybe you didn’t really,” Buzz baited the sick man.
“I done it!” Conroy glared at them, coughed hard, and sniffled. “You might have thought it. You know how those snakes are,” Lunker said with a laugh.
“Drop it!” Edgar ordered, but weakly.
The Mexican never entered into the conversation. He said once that since he knew nothing of the original story it meant nothing to him.
Buzz threw small sticks at Conroy and suggested he was in a bad mood because he wasn’t getting any better. Conroy sniffled again then nearly fell over coughing.
“I think I’ll go to town and see a Doc,” he whispered.
They rode to Willow Glen and parked their ponys near the saloon. While Edgar went to the Doc’s they said they were going to the beer hall to swill down some rot gut and eat from the tray of boiled eggs, stripped beef, and hard bread every bar had displayed about noontime.
Edgar felt so sick he didn’t care.
“It’ll take about four days to get recovered," the woman repeated patiently as Edgar moaned and sniffled. “Mr. Conroy has a case of pneumonia. We’re gonna keep him in bed for a few days and see if we can’t get him well.”
The other two then advised her, “We’re gonna go look for work down to Wyoming. If he comes free of this, just tell him we’re down to Cheyenne and he can meet us at the social club there.”
“I’ll do that. And, who may I say called?”
“Jus’ tell him ole Lunker, Buzz, and Monday were here.” “Monday was here?”
“Yeah, the Mex is called Monday.”
“Ah. I see.” She still didn’t change expression. “I’ll tell him.” Lunker considered her a severe looking woman. You ole crone, Lunker thought, but said, “Thank you so much, ma’am. Here’s a little money to help him get along.” Buzz dug in his pocket, after Lunker motioned with his hand, and tossed her a five dollar gold piece.
“Thank you.” She took the money and tucked it into a little corner of her apron.
The boys decided amongst themselves what to do next.
Buzz advised they ought to head back down to Cheyenne and see what sorta trouble they could get into on the way.
They agreed and rode off. Along the trail Buzz and Lunker talked about what to do.
“We still got law a’ter us?” Buzz asked at the campfire that night.
“Likely,” Lunker said seriously. “We prob’ly got paper all over Wyoming by now. I don’t know how that woman missed us.”
“Well, they ain’t very good law if we got this far without bein’ caught,” Buzz said and smiled.
“Some is good. Ought to get on the trail soon. Heard about that Dean feller? And that Sheriff, what was his name? North. I’d hate to be chased by that men. He was plumb bad,” Lunker said.
“We ain’t exactly cow pies,” Buzz said seriously. “No, but Dean is all dog and pure mean, I hear.”

Chapter 4
“Bill,” Shorty said with breath coming in gasps from an ob- viously hard ride, “them Duttons are out of prison.”
“They were out long ago. What’s the matter with that?” Bill wondered. He looked to North who raised his eyebrows wondering what was up.
“They raped a woman over to Grey Cloud and robbed the stage,” Shorty said and held out the message from the Federal’s Wyoming office in Laramie.
“Oh hog wash,” was all Bill could mutter. “Whatcha got?” North asked.
Bill figured it was the good nature of North that kept him from jumping all over his two deputies for bypassing him. Bill decided the man understood how long the pair worked together and it was no surprise that Shorty Page had that sort of loyalty to Bill Egan.
“Not much,” Bill said and handed the telegram over to North. “We better get on it. You wanna handle it?”
“Might’s well. We know ‘em. They’re a pretty rasty bunch. I figger they prob’ly head to the north. Get ‘em far away from us as possible,” Bill said with a hard look to North.
“Yeah,” Shorty agreed behind Bill and seemed anxious to get moving.
“We’re out of that chase then,” North said. “They’re way off our range. We can help if they come this way, but unless they do, well, we’re not interested,” North said. He tipped his fedora back and put his feet up on a lower drawer of the desk. He didn’t give up on the information nor the criminals, but he didn’t have the manpower to let his two deputies go off chasing some bad men in another jurisdiction.
“They come this way,” North acceded, “we’ll be on ‘em like stink on skunk.”
Shorty looked at Bill as if heartbroken. “They’re our’n,” he said as if it were personal.
“You two can re-sign, go private, head hunt, and make a couple bucks on bounty if you want. But as long as you’re badged here you gotta do it our way,” North said and didn’t seem too disturbed by the idea the pair would ride off chasing the Duttons.
“But?” Bill Egan asked knowing full well that North left out the hard part.
“No back-up by the law,” he said. “Do something wrong and you get hung with a fast noose just like they would.”
Bill nodded understanding and Shorty merely snorted.
“Guess we’ll just wait to see if they come this way,” Bill said. “Take care of Miss Young,” North told Bill. “Shorty, you do the errands for the city. I’ll hold down the fort,” North said and tilted his hat back down, leaned back in the swivel rocker, and looked as if he promptly fell asleep.
“Yeah,” Bill said with a tight mouth. The last thing he wanted to do was usher a sassy lady – he thought of her as too rich and too spoiled – around the town.
“Yeah,” Shorty said, clearly unhappy that he had to run errands rather than enforce law and order in the town.
Outside Bill looked toward the north and then south trying to find the Young’s BB Ranch shay or wagon or whatever and then the woman.
“They ‘uz in jail in Casper,” Shorty said behind Bill. “Oh?” Bill responded without concentration.
“Prison wagon takin’ ‘em to Cheyenne busted a wheel or somethin’ and they couldn’t get there,” Shorty said.
“How do you know that?” Bill asked, knowing that the information was not in the telegram from Casper.
“Checked,” Shorty Page said and when Bill looked at Shorty there was a wide smile. “A buncha fellers come from somewhere, the Sheriff tol’ ‘em. Busted the side of the jail. Them Duttons scooted out the side wall and then disappeared.”
Bill didn’t think much more of it. He knew North was right, if they left to chase down the outlaws the territory would consider Bill and Shorty as mere citizens and without any more authority than a bounty hunter. Shorty didn’t understand that, but Bill repeated the warning from North and saw the wagon from the BB coming in the distance.
“I’ll meet you at the office later,” Bill said and tugged his hat down tigher and pulled the collar closed to the sharp whirl of cold wind that whipped through town just at that moment.
“Miss Young,” Bill Egan said, hat in hand.
“Hello,” she said pleasantly and jumped easily from the wheel while the driver held the reins taught.
“I’m Bill Egan. Deputy Marshal for Mr. North. Asked me to escort you to the bank and on your other chores,” Bill told her and she smiled.
“Call me Ellen,” she said and shook her head.
Bill didn’t understand that and waited for her to gather her things for the shopping trip she was on.
“Yess’m,” he said.
“Damn!” she swore in a low and harsh voice, but it was with a smile as well.
“What?” Bill asked.
Ellen Young turned to him and hands on hips said evenly and without anger, “Everyone is trying to get me married. I guess someone thought you were the most reliable and next best on the list.”
“Me? Not me,” Bill said and backed off. “I’m not ready to get married nor do I want to marry you. It’s out of the question,” he added.
“Well now. The first man who honestly denied he’d be interested in our ranch and the heiress,” she said and walked off leaving Bill standing in the wind.
“Wait,” he said. “You seem to think I had something to do with this.”
“No. It’s probably my father put out the word to some local officials to keep their eyes open. You aren’t the first. And I doubt you’ll be the last,” she said and winked.
“Well, that’s not my interest. I’ll leave you to your shopping and when you’re ready to go you just tell me and I’ll walk you to your wagon and you can say we did our part in town,” Bill told her and turned to walk away.
“Ha!” She humped a laugh.
“Ha?” he asked as he turned back.
“You aren’t getting out of your chore that easily,” Ellen told him.
I must be the dumbest one here, he thought. If she doesn’t want me why the hell am I to follow her around like her pet puppy?
Then he asked her.
“Oh, I don’t know. I already kind of like you,” she said, took his arm, and led him off toward the bank.
“Your pistol,” he said as it rubbed against his hip as they walked along.
“Sorry,” she said and didn’t do anything about it.
The three horses at the tie rail across the street, hard from horses and wagons grinding away the surface to the sub-soil of cleche, were nervous and breathed out smokey condensation from their flared nostrils as if they had been hard ridden.
“’scuse me,” Bill said and slipped loose from her. He walked across the street and past the three horses. Nothing particularly interesting about them. They were branded and had only been ridden hard lately. Three more down the street stood at another tie rail in front of the BIG BOB’S MERCHANDISE. The old man, a former trapper and fur trader now ran the hardware and yard goods store.
“Humm,” Bill said and looked back to find Ellen. She walked along opposite him and he saw her unlimber her pistol and roll the cylinder as if making sure it was full; it looked as if it wasn’t, since she pulled a cartridge from the belt loop on her left and stuffed it in an empty chamber.
He had a sinking feeling that she either didn’t know what she was doing or doing something entirely too risky.
The noise, the hammer and bang of gunshots from two different parts of the city caused him some concern. He looked left and right. Up the street was the bank where the most likely spot was for a robbery and then back down the street to the mercantile was another spot for a hold-up.
“Get down!” Bill yelled and three men in front of him ducked behind a two wheeled shay; they had drawn pistols. A suited man ran back inside a small haberdasher’s shop and came back out with what looked like a ten gauge shotgun. He dropped behind the water trough.
Ellen Young stood behind the corner next to the bank and just waited. Her pistol still in her hand.
“Damn! Get down!” Bill yelled and she waved him away with a left hand.
“Shit!” he said harshly and ran across the street toward her. About half way two men backed out of the bank and another ran toward the horses there. Two shots rang out and Bill fell to the center of the street and wondered what the hell he was doing out in the open with no cover at all. He leveled his .45 Colt on the first rider and banged twice. The man spun, but didn’t fall; but, he did next best which was provide cover for the other two men who went thundering off to the west with a bag full of what was likely money.
Bill and Ellen both used all their bullets shooting at them, but two hit the man previously wounded and downed his horse as well.
Bill Egan swore once more. He also rolled and looked back up the street where the other shooting had come from and saw Shorty Page in a gun fight with a man who emerged from the mercantile. Shorty fell back and Bill had an intake of breath and then felt only a little better when the other man fell on his face in the dirt. Another man came out on the run and Shorty seemed to be out of ammunition. Bill rose and started to run back toward his partner when Marshal North came out and calmly shot the other man out of the saddle. Bill fell in a clump and wondered why, but was taken with the action around him and didn’t pay any attention to himself.
After all the shooting died down and cordite smell and smoke drifted to the sky Bill looked around for Ellen Young. She appeared to be safe and unhurt.
He rose and fell back down. All of a sudden his leg ached and he didn’t know why. When Bill looked at his leg he was amazed to see the blood above his knee and the dark stain on his pants.
“You okay?” Ellen asked, a little note of concern from her. “Yeah,” Bill said with a tooth clinching pain devouring him and that was followed quickly by another shot of stabbing pain which ran from his leg to his toes. “Well, not really,” he said arching to try to relieve the pain.
He knew nothing would help and no one would probably care even if he did tell them that he was hurt. He also knew that screaming or yelling or moaning or any of the other noises people made would ease the pain, so he just endured it.
“Lie still. I’ll get the Doc,” Ellen said and pushed him back. “How’s Shorty?” Bill wondered and tried to look for his side-kick.
“Can’t see him. Crowd of people,” she said, but when Bill looked he saw only four, “up there and some other tending a man at the store.”
“North okay?”
“Looks fine,” Ellen said and then into the air she called, “Get the Doc down here!”
A man rose from where Ellen looked for Shorty and strolled toward Bill.
“You’ll be fine. I’ll bandage it. No broken bones. Just a pass through. Missed the artery by a hair or two,” the man said after he probed and caused more misery for the fallen lawman.
“Just bind it up. I’ll be okay,” Bill told the Doc.
“Do what’s right, Doc,” Ellen Young ordered and dismissed Bill’s casual comment.
“I’ll take care of him as I would any other,” the Doc said and began to treat the wound with carbolic and some unknown white powder.
“Thanks,” Bill said and gritted his teeth as another sudden stab of the pain ran through him. “Anyone after them two?” Bill asked meaning the pair of black clad outlaws with the bag from the bank.
“Donno,” Ellen said. “I’ll check.”
She wasn’t gone no more than a moment and came back to tell Bill what she knew.
“Bank lost about forty dollars. They got away clean. Their horse-holder got shot to ribbons. I guess we did that,” she said and didn’t seem affected by it.
“And up the street?”
“Well, I guess it was a case of wrong place wrong time. These two rannies came into town to get some goods and money from the merc. He said, ‘No’, and they tried the hard way. They shot at him and he unloaded with the buckshot and both o’ them are laid up now. One isn’t gonna live,” she said and made a sorta throw away face that said something like – and so what. Then she put on a thoughtful expression and said, “The other is likely gonna make it, but he’ll be without his hand. I guess Shorty nearly blew it off at the wrist with that big forty five of his.”
Bill lay back and tried to relax to ease the pain since all other efforts failed.
“North okay, I see,” he said.
“Happy as a clam except for those that got away from us,” she said and seemed to take full blame for the failure to stop the bank robbery.
“We better get after them, then,” Bill said and tried to rise. “Boy,” the Doc said and pushed him back down, “you won’t be riding anywhere for a week.”
“Can’t wait,” Bill said.
“Bust that hole open again and you’ll die in the saddle bleedin’ to death. Won’t take long neither,” the Doc told him serious like.
“You can’t go,” Ellen Young also ordered. “They’re miles away and headed to the cap rock. Likely lose them in there anyhow,” she added. “Besides, I’d hate to have the man I’m going to marry dead on a wild posse chase.”
Bill looked at her with squinty eyes and wondered what that was all about.
“You’re probably wondering what that’s all about?” “Something like that,” he replied.
“You aren’t bad looking so our kids won’t be monsters. You’re fairly intelligent, or seem so right now, so they’ll probably be literate if nothing else. And you’ve got some grit or you wouldn’t have tried so hard to stop those bank heisters,” she finished her inventory.
“Well, you ain’t half bad you’ownse’f,” he said softly with a smile which turned to another grimace as the nerve lashed at him with what he thought of as that damn’ pain again.
North walked down the street and when he stopped at Bill’s sitting up form he asked, “Wanna get a posse started. You in any shape to ride?”
“No,” Ellen was the one who replied.
Bill said something about dying in the saddle with Ellen Young waiting for his carcass to return.
“Shorty neither. There’s Spin and Phil, but everyone else is unavailable,” North said shortly.
“We know it was the Duttons. We’ll go lookin’ later,” Bill said, lay back on the hard dirt in the middle of Elk City, Wyoming and he wondered if this is what he thought law work was supposed to be.
“Hold down the office then,” North told his deputy. “I’ll go get ‘em and bring ‘em back. You take care o’ things here.”
“I’ll do that,” Bill said and with help from North and Ellen he got to his feet and hobbled toward the Marshal’s office.
The dapper bowler hatted sheriff was unable to resist the temptation to confront a whole army of bad men all by himself. The Mayor, however, smiled and shied clear, probably finding something to keep him busy thirty miles away. Edgar felt so sick he didn’t care.
“You’re getting better Mr. Conroy,” the woman said. “You might be up and about next day or so.”
Edgar just groaned and rolled on his side. His nose was stopped up, his throat was hot, his lungs were congested, and his body burned with what he knew was a high fever.
How could this bitch think I’ll be better soon? Conroy wondered. He gulped the spoon full of what he was sure was some opium based liquid which sent him to sleep in short order. Nothing hurt then.
Edgar woke later lathered in sweat, his bedclothes were sopping wet, he breathed more easily through his nose, and his eyes were clearer. He was hungry as well.
The woman came into his room and smiled, for the first time, and took his temperature.
“Just fine, Mr. Conroy, just fine.”
“Hongry,” he said simply. Then asked, “How long I been asleep?”
“We’ll get you something to eat in a little bit.” “How long I been asleep?” he repeated.
“Three days,” the woman said in an offhanded manner. “This time.”
“This time?”
“Yes,” was all she said.
Edgar couldn’t believe it, three whole days. He got out of bed and did his toilet, got out of the wet bedclothes, dressed in his riding clothes, and went to the dining room. Still weak he almost fell in a chair, but caught himself, and leaned on the table. Things didn’t get straight right away.
“Here’s something for you to eat.” She set a bowl of oatmeal down, a cup of coffee, and a small pitcher of milk.
“Eggs?” he wondered.
“You ought to start out easy.”
“Gotta get on the road. The boys are waitin’,” he said.
“Those boys said they’d be in Cheyenne. They’re likely gonna be on the road again,” she told him.
“Nah, they’re waitin’.”
“They left ten days ago,” she said and served him oatmeal. “TEN DAYS!? I thought you said three days.”
“Yes, Mr. Conroy, ten days. You were asleep for three days,” she told him and walked back to the kitchen.
He shook his head thinking it might have be two days, even three, but not ten. Geezus. He leaned back, thought about his future, and he was suddenly dizzy.
“Here, Mr. Conroy, eat something. You’ll feel much better,” she said returning from the cook’s shack.
He picked at his food, then it was gone. The woman brought more and he ate that. Then she stopped bringing food even though his stomach growled.
“You’ll be fine, Mr. Conroy,” she said with a tone of finality and sincerity.
The Doc came in from somewhere and smiled.
“The man has revived.” He looked in Edgar’s eyes, touched his forehead, and seemed satisfied.
“When can I leave?” Edgar wondered.
“Oh, I’d say next week.” Then the doctor stopped as if to think. “Maybe the the next after that would be better.”
“It’s really something, Doc. How much do I owe you?” Edgar asked and hoped it wasn’t too much since he only had a few wrinkled paper dollars and some silver.
“Well, you probably don’t have very much money, so we’ll say five dollars,” the doctor said and bent to his own meal.
“For savin’ my life?” Edgar was amazed.
“Yeah, five will do it.” The Doc smiled. “Your friend paid five earlier. And if you’ve got five that ought to handle it.”
Conroy nodded, pulled a leather pull neck purse and dug out his two silver dollars, hiding a ten dollar gold piece to one side. “It’s all I got Doc, except for a few pennies change. But, I want you to have it.”
“Well, if you’re sure, young man.” The Doc put the dollars in his pocket and smiled. “Mr. Gunnerson needs a rider if you’re in need of a job,” the Doc said pleasantly.
Edgar did. He didn’t have anyone to help him rob banks or stick up saloons. I’ll just have to go to work; for a little while, anyhow, he concluded.
The next morning Edgar rose and before the house woke he walked down to the saddlery and handed the stable keeper the few paper dollars he had smoothing the crinkled pieces out on the desk. Conroy still had the gold ten dollars, a dime, and a pair of two bit pieces; but that was the end of it. He rode, a little stiff, to the eatery. He stuffed full of ham, eggs, bisquits, gravy, grits, beans, more gravy, and coffee. He left a whole ten cent tip with the fifty cent bill for the breakfast. He still had the ten dollar gold coin.
He rode down the mountain pass to the flatlands. The directions from the stable-hand to the Gunnerson place were easy to follow. Edgar kept thinking everyone was looking at him and turned often to check behind him. No one was there, but he couldn’t get that burning sensation away from his back that someone watched. A lawman came to mind, but they didn’t know Edgar here. He wasn’t, he didn’t think, on any wanted posters around.
Then he saw the headquarter’s house of what must be the Gunnerson ranch in the distance. When he rode up the men were busy. They hurried here and there with all manner of chores. It looked like rain was coming, Edgar decided.
“Whatcha want?” A man looked up and then back down at the task he was working at. “Gunnerson?”
“I’m him.”
“Need a rider?” Edgar asked. He felt a cough coming on, but didn’t want to worry the boss, so he harumphed.
“You him?” Gunnerson asked, again looking up from a sweaty back breaking job he was doing.
“I can ride,” Edgar said simply.
“Where before?” Gunnerson asked looking back down to the work he had been doing.
Conroy didn’t know what to say. Admit the ranch in New Mexico and all the stuff he’d done on the way north? Or just say, “. . . here and there.”
“Some place specific?” Gunnerson poked. “Like where, you mean?” Edgar asked. “Yeah, like where.”
“Oh, the Rockin’ T down to New Mexico and all sortsa other places on the way up here. I been forkin’ broncs for years. I think I’s born to fork anything on four legs.”
“Well, we got a need for three men. You make a total of one. You gotta work your ass off. Whatcha doin’ up here?”
“Lookin’ for work,” Edgar lied and shrugged innocently. “Got sick on the way through and the Doc got me well. I feel a little weak now, but I’ll be good in a day or so. He sent me out here to see you.”
“Thirty a month and,” Gunnerson told Edgar the regular wage for a working hand.
“Sounds good enough to me.” Edgar had no power to argue with the pay. Everyone got paid the same except maybe second money, tail puller, and range manager got more. They got five to ten dollars more each month. The foreman got twenty more. If Egar had an option he’d just stay ridin’ and ropin’ and brandin’. “Throw your warbag in the bunk house and get to work. I’ll let up on you for a day or so if you been sick, but by Friday you better be humpin’,” Gunnerson warned and wiped sweat from his forehead.
“Yessir, Mr. Gunnerson,” Edgar said thinking a little po-lite talk wouldn’t hurt none.
“Call me Carl,” Gunnerson said not looking up again and clearly dismissing Edgar.
“Right.”
Edgar found an empty bunk in the thin wall house. He got his gear, as little as he had, and stuck things here and there. He sopped a heavy surge of perspiration from his face, forehead, and neck. He knew he had gone pale; the illness was no longer a problem for him, but recovery was a day or more away he figured. Edgar went to find the foreman after dawn the second day.
“Edgar Conroy,” he announced his name to the range boss who was busy hammering a rivet to a tailgate of a freight wagon.
“Get your gear set?” the man asked without looking up. “Yep,” Edgar said simply.
“Well, lemmee show you where I need you.”
The foreman threw down his tools, went to the barn, located the turned-up-corners map tacked to the wall, and began to point to the locations he wanted Edgar to ride.
“Locate lost or missing cattle, round them up, and bring them back inside the grazing areas Carl Gunnerson established for the Autumn and early Winter season,” the foreman told Edgar.
Edgar nodded he understood, made a few notes about where, licking his pencil to make the mark on the back of the paper sack scrap. He noted the landmarks and went directly to the chow shack and got some sandwiches, dried beef, and a large handfull of oatmeal cookies for his three days. The Chinese cook also threw in a small bag of coffee for the nights and early mornings. The foreman gave Edgar a bent pot. Edgar loaded the pack animal, strapped on his chaps, and made off for the first search area.
Edgar Conroy looked over the long valley, watched the dry grass wave gently in the breeze which came up, and then he searched with squinted eyes for a place he could camp for the night, leave his pack horse, and settle for the two or three days he’d be there. And he looked for riders. That sensation in his spine just wouldn’t go away. A dread came over him of something over which he had no control.
He pushed on and found a place, flat and fairly free of rocks and stones. He brushed away grass and built a small stone fire pit, cooked a pot of coffee, and surveyed the scene. It was so peaceful, but getting cold. He thought he might even stay here if things went right, but he also turned up the collar on his jacket when a chill breeze passed him.
Edgar had a change of mood recently. He thought he might be getting a little too old to be foolin’ with ole John Barleycorn; damned guy would bite at the wrong time, Edgar thought, and then he was always in the soup. He tossed away liquid from the bottom of the cup and mounted to chouse up close by strays in the last light of the day.
The next morning, having seen seven head of cattle in his brush corral, he moved out for more. He heard the bawling before he saw the cattle, so he walked his cow pony down the steep sides of the ravine filled with a jumble of tumbled rocks, huge rocks, and even what he thought of as gigantic rocks. The cow and her calf were stuck in a cul de sac and unable to maneuver their way up and out. He roped the cow, threw the calf over his saddle, and dragged the momma to safety. He walked, leading the horse.
“Hello there!”
Edgar froze, looked up, and chilled when he saw the tall stranger on the big dark red horse. The round crowned wide brimmed black hat hid the man’s face, but the badge gleamed even at that distance.
“Hidy.” Edgar was friendly, hoping the man wasn’t looking for him. Besides, the ten day growth of beard was a fairly good disguise but scraggly. In another ten days the beard would be fully grown and he’d just be another grey bush cowboy.
“Lookin’ for the way to Willows.”
“Donno Willows. Willow Glen is up that road over there.” Edgar pointed nervously at the barely visible light brown line which scarred the side of the hill. “It’s ‘bout five mile,” Edgar said and squinted into the sun as it pushed over the man’s shoulder.
“Five to the road or five to Willow Glen?” “Five and five,” Edgar said.
“Aha. I know you from somewhere, don’t I?”
“Not likely. I been here for about ten year now. I worked for ole man Gunnerson long time,” Edgar said and hoped the man didn’t check.
“Seems I’ve seen you before.”
“Nope. Sorry. I’ve been right here,” Edgar, with his widest and friendliest smile, told the lawman.
The badge toter nodded, gave a salute and walked his horse away.
Edgar breathed a big sigh of relief.
He turned back to tend to the cow and her calf. He wrapped the rope and threw it over the saddle horn.
“Knew it,” the voice damn near knocked him down. Edgar jumped near a foot.
“What?” He turned to face the voice and the shining star.
“You and that bunch been robbin’ banks and doin’ a little rustlin’. I knew I’d seen you somewhere.” The man with the badge unfolded a dozen wanted fliers taken from his saddle bag and thumbed through them.
There it was, Edgar saw. Edgar Conroy wasn’t named and the pencil line drawing wasn’t all that good, but it was good enough.
Damn Marshal is one A-lert sombitch, Edgar thought; but he whined, “It ain’t me.”
“Let’s let the court be the jedge o’ that.” The man smiled, probably at the play on words. “Just stand real still and I’ll take that piece of yourn.” The Marshal leaned forward and two fingered the walnut gripped Colt out of Edgar’s holster. The Marshal hadn’t drawn his own firearm yet, but Edgar was fairly docile without a bunch to urge him on. And he hadn’t been drinking either.
“Let’s take a ride. I don’t think yore boss’ll mind. And I won’t cuff you unless you make trouble, in which case I’ll have to hog tie you and take you in Over your saddle instead of On it,” the Marshal told Edgar easily. There was only a little threat in the lawman’s voice. But that was enough.
“You got it wrong, mister. You got me plumb wrong,” Edgar wheedled.
“You got it wrong, bud, and I’m takin’ you to the only place you can go for now. We’ll go down the hill to Halfbreed. Then I got this last chore to do and we’ll get you and the other man I’m after to- gether and I’ll take you in. Wanna stop and send a telly-graph at Willow Glen.”
They rode off, pausing only at the ranch headquarters. The the Marshal explained his actions to Mr. Gunnerson. “Doubted he’d last long. Jest showed last couple days,” Gunnerson said and wiped at his forehead with an already sweat wet sleeve.
The Marshal looked over at Edgar who ducked his head, knowing he’d been found out in his lie. The Marshal clucked both the horses to motion.
“He can keep the lunches!” Gunnerson shouted after them.

Chapter 5
The tall black hatted Marshal rode with the prisoner through the rough land; lava rocks jagged and coarse crunched beneath the horse’s hooves. The ride was easy other than that.
“What’s your name?” Edgar mumbled when they stopped for a horse check after three hours sitting in the saddles.
“Deputy Federal Marshal Person Jasper.” “Conroy.”
“I wondered since there was no name from the wanted bill.” “Yeah,” Conroy said, pacified. He gave Marshal Jasper no trouble.
The trip down the valley past the lake was long and the two men were tired of one another quickly.
Conroy griped and complained the whole time he had nothing to do with the others. The Marshal finally got fed up with Edgar’s constant yammering.
“You don’t shut up, Conroy, I’m gonna put a sock in it. A sock I wore last week and ain’t hadda chance to wash.” Then Marshal Jasper gave Edgar a deep stare.
“But. . . .” And Conroy realized the man might do just as he said. Conroy decided it was time to ride and not talk.
At the little railroad siding halfway between Bear and Vinegar Creek with the Big Snowy Mountains glistening white with the first snow of the season stood stark and harsh in the background, Marshal Jasper walked the horses into Willow Glen with his prisoner and sent a telegraph he’d captured one of the men he wanted. No jail existed in Willow Glen – a mere train stop and water tower with a saloon, several boarded businesses, and a house with a picket fence at the far end – so Marshal Jasper would have to use the facility in Halfbreed. The message would get transmitted to Marshal Dean and Will should be on the trek north shortly after that, Jasper thought.
“CONROY MY CUSTODY STOP WILL LEAVE WITH DEPY HALFBREED MONTANA STOP CONTINUE TRAIL OTHERS STOP MEET YOU CUR DALENE IDAHO TEN DAYS STOP HENRY JASPER” 
After the Marshal flipped the telegrapher two bits for the service and signed the chit for the federal government to pay the bill he was a happy lawman.
Federal Marshal Will Dean went to his office and got the news Edgar Conroy had been caught, was detained in Montana, and could be claimed at Halfbreed Lake settlement. Will figured he’d head out of Wyoming into Montana for the murderer. Today would be a good day to leave. He’d be in the saddle for twenty days, he figured, up and back. A letter from New Mexico bothered him.
“Sheriff Benson was killed Sep 4 by fellow named Edgar Conroy when robbing a bank here. Sorry. Thought you’d like to know. Shirley Smatt.”
Shirley had run the millinery store and had been a person Will could talk to when he got depressed about his parents. The note, scribbled in long hand, had taken nearly two weeks to reach Will. He showed his wife and she hugged him. Will had told her many stories about the Sheriff, all good. Elizabeth knew how much the Sheriff had meant to Will.
“After Pa, I reckon I respected him about as much as anyone,” Will said sadly.
Elizabeth stayed close to help Will get through the time.
“Sorta knew this was something. Notice the date? That was about the time I couldn’t sleep, you remember? Dadgum, I had a feelin’ about that. Gotta go to Montana,” Will said to Elizabeth.
“What’s up there?”
“Prisoner. Gotta go get him and bring him down. Then I gotta take him to Denver for shipment to New Mexico.” He didn’t tell her the man was wanted for killing Sheriff Benson. He made low key conversation about it, trying hard not to be vindictive, knowing his job was merely to transport a prisoner.
“Hard trip?”
“Probably not. Just a prisoner transfer. He’s been left by Person Jasper in the custody of some back country lawman. Those people don’t like to hang onto someone very long. It’s my job to get the bad man on his trip south.”
“I could ride along. Stop and see Dad on the way.”
“Would be a long ride,” Will said, not trying to discourage her, but warning her of the hardship.
“Rode to Denver before,” she said and smiled.
“Honeymoon we had wasn’t all that great, was it?” He grinned sheepishly. They had met and two years later had been married in Cheyenne just before he was assigned. They didn’t have a honeymoon, but the Marshal he was replacing had paid for or told the hotelier to give the pair the Honeymoon Suite at the hotel for a night as his gift.
The newlyweds were saving up time, energy, and money for a longer and more romantic escapade.
“You sure you want to go?”
“I promise to keep out of trouble,” she grinned and hugged him. Will didn’t inform his boss in Denver. Wouldn’t do any harm if she went along, Will thought. All he had to do was ride up to someplace called Halfbreed, bring a prisoner back in cuffs. This time of the year the weather was good, but cold at night.
And what could go wrong? he wondered.
And Bill Egan spent days and days recovering from the gunshot wound to his leg. He thought the time stretched longer than a hung neck. Bill wanted to be in the saddle and though the Doc changed the dressing on his leg every day Bill felt he had to get up on the hurricane deck of his big roan and head out looking for the Duttons.
North had returned and sure enough he said the pair had dissolved in the cap rock area where there were no longer any hoof prints.
“I’ll go tomorrow,” Bill promised. “It’s gotta be. They can’t do this and get away with it,” Bill said challenging the outlaws.
“Shorty Page’ll be outta bed tomorrow. Why don’t we wait a little and then you two can go,” North said and slapped at his clothing with his hands. He hung his dusty but still handsome derby a peg driven into the wall. The Duttons met the other two members of what they considered their gang outside of town and headed toward the high timber. They had a hideout cabin in the forest above River City.
Dutton’s clan also harbored two other men and they had robbed a stage near Buffalo and while the Sheriff had run after those two, another pair of the gang had stormed a post office in the community of Buffalo and rode two straight days with a large bag of mail.
“Spread it out, boys!” Vernon Dutton yelled enthusiastically after the mail thieves threw the bag on the table.
Fire was roaring in the rock hearth. The men began to shed their outter clothing as the room heated.
“Dunn!” Clancy called without looking up. “Yeah, boss?”
“Help Gordon here. Get this divided,” Clancy said and pushed aside a large pile of mail. He, however, kept the bank bag and was already counting out shares of the money. His, of course, was the largest share.
Dunn looked at all the mail. There appeared to be a lot of it and the whole bunch of them hoped there was lots of money in the envelopes and packages.
No money spilled from the first batch. The bag in the larger sack was locked. The bank name lettered on the face made all of the men look anxious. Then Vernon took out his large sheath knife and ripped the canvas apart easily.
“Here ‘tis,” Dunn said and threw money all over the room.
“How much?” Clancy asked without looking up from his chore.
“Not enough,” Vernon said as he picked up hands full of the green stuff.
“Not nearly enough,” another said and did the same as Vernons. Dunn on his hands and knees held a chest full.
Clancy looked up from his work and decided they were having too much fun.
“Put it here,” he directed and they did as they were told. Clearly they feared the consequences of not doing exactly as Clancy Dutton said. He smiled at the thought.
“Gordon,” Clancy said and pointed at the piled up mess. “Separate it and stack it. Dunn, get to the mail. Vernon, you and Pete clean up this trash and get this place tidier. I hate a garbage heap.”
No one complained, but it was one thing to live like a pig, but it was another to have to.
But, no one dared object, because it would have not done any good in the first place and because the results of objection could prove fatal.
As soon as the money was divided, Vernon and Pete had buried the debris, and Dunn had stoked the fire once again, the men settled in for a poker game with the money.
A silver dollar flew through the air, spinning, and a hand reached up and snatched it.
“Mine!” Dunn smiled and looked at his clinched fist.
Clancy knew Dunn sent money to a bank in California. Dunn was, it appeared, a bit simple minded, but he was also a diligent saver and land purchaser. The last time the two talked, in private and away from the others in the gang, Dunn had explained that a banker in San Diego had orders to buy anything in land that the money would cover. Clancy had smiled and though he admired thrift and hard work, it was obviously sensible to allow other people’s money to do the work.
Someone shouted, “Play your damn cards!” It was Dancer, the killer without remorse, who complained.
“I’ll play when I’m damn good and ready,” Gilbert Hart, often referred to as Ringo after the hat he wore which was a copy of the hat worn by the notorious bandit and stage robber.
“You damn goober,” Dancer muttered.
“Goober!?” Gilbert yelled and jumped up from his chair knocking in over backward.
“Yeah, what of it?” Dancer growled staring at Gilbert without fear.
“Man,” Dunn said quietly, his face and voice aimed down at the table, “if I’s you I wouldn’t let no one call me a Goober.” “You cow’s tit yanker,” Gilbert responded.
“No one, not even you, can call me a tit puller, sonofabitch!” Dancer said harshly. Then he added, “You dog raper.”
“Dog raper!?” Gilbert, still standing, said and threw his cards in the other man’s face.
Dancer now jerked upright and stood with arms akimbo inches away from his momentary antagonist and they glared at one another.
“Yeah,” Dancer said low and mean, “you’d rather rape a dog than even look at a real woman.”
His hands slowly dropped and came close to the butt of his pistol. Clancy stepped back from the pair and wanted nothing to do with the face off. It could prove fatal to anyone standing nearby.
Then fists started flying, but no one hit anyone. The flailing became rolling on the ground. Dunn stood in front of the fire, his card hand stuffed in his pocket to protect whatever he held; his idea, obviously, was to keep anyone from rolling into the fireplace.
Then three and a fourth joined in the tumbling. No one looked hurt or even bleeding.
Clancy finally kicked one of them in the butt and the man screamed, “What the hell!”
Vernon was in the middle of the pile and appeared dirtier by the wrestling.
Suddenly Pete rose and kicked Gilbert Hart just as he turned. The man jumped up in a flash and his hand yanked out he .45 from the black holster and before Pete – or anyone else – could think, Gilbert shot the man called Pete through the chest. And as if that weren’t enough Hart did it again.
“Get him outta here,” Clancy said and pushed at the dead Pete to move him closer to the door. The blood flowed in a huge puddle and everyone stepped around it. The boy Dunn and fast gun Dancer dragged the man outside, leaving a trail of blood behind. They looked at one another and agreed to dig a hole in the Spring when the ground was softer. They moved Pete to a site under a tree and, since he was beginning to stiffen in any case, they stretched him as straight as they could.
“If wolves get him...,” Dunn wondered without finishing the comment.
Dancer shrugged.
The pair pulled the dead man’s clothes off and threw the bloody shirt aside. His boots were worn and had been holed top and bottom. Dunn threw them aside as well.“Gotta plan,” Clancy said to the others after the ruckus was over and the men were regathered.
“What’s that?” Vernon asked and lit a roll-your-own.
“We gonna raid some of these ranches, bring the cattle over to the Montana border, and the homesteaders and grubbers’ll take the blame. We hit that Young ranch – what is it the Bee Bee – and hurt the rich bastard,” Clancy explained.
Vernon smiled and seemed to agree with the plan.
“They’s a couple stuffy Englishmen over at the Rocking T. We can haze off some twenty or so a month – he’ll hardly miss that many – and we’ll start up our own ranch and go into competition,” Clancy said with that evil snear that made him such a reputation. Then he added, equally nasty, “With his own cattle.”
Everyone laughed and slapped their legs and some even began to drip tears they guffawed so heartily.
“Now, here’s how we’re gonna work it,” Clancy sat at the table where the money had been counted. Countless envelopes and letters were scattered about, but he swept them on the floor and ignored the debris.
“We’ll call ourselves Gunsight,” he said. “Gunsight?” Dunn asked.
“Yeah. Circle with a cross in it. Call it Gunsight. We bought them cattle from a feller of to Kan-sis and drove ‘em this way. You write me up a bill o’ sale. The Double Eights we already own from our place in Tex-is will come in handy too.” Clancy thought he figured out all the angles. Everyone depended on him for their safety like little kids. They also depended on him for figuring all the angles. Vernon, on the other hand, he concluded would soon as leave them in a lurch.
“Sounds good to me,” Vernon said in a deep voice, “I got a hunert, well, in Tex-us.” He looked placated by the idea of making a ranch without working for it. He held up his share of the stolen money and waved it around at the others. The bills were icy cold from having been outside, but they were thawed and damp now.
“Ever’one got their share?” Clancy asked.
They nodded as they warmed over the stove and Clancy noted bills hanging from almost every pocket on everyone’s clothing. The only consolation he had that this was an okay share was that he’d been sure to put all the fives and singles into the others’ piles while he’d gathered the hundreds, fifties, and twenties in his own. Instead of a one-for split he got about fifty to one split.
And again that evil smile, satisfied and pleased with his deception, that smile creased his cadaverous face. The plans were firm now, the ideas tumbled in his brain, and he waited for the last details to come to him. It wouldn’t, he figured, take long to make things happen. A year? Maybe. Two? No longer than that, certainly.
North of where the Duttons had gathered the money and were spending it in the worst way, Edgar Conroy was irritated at Marshal Jasper and vowed he’d take his anger out on someone. Anyone, he thought.
I been a punching bag all my life. No more, he vowed. I got nothin’ to lose, thought the once docile badman. I tried to go straight, And that was the answer he got everytime he asked himself the question.
Marshal Dean wrote a report he was taking a person along as part of the community process he’d started and that person would be no trouble. He didn’t name the individual, however, nor did he mail the report. It lay on his desk for when he returned, in case he had to modify or repair any damage done by his action.
The plans were not lengthy since the orders were for Marshal Dean to start immediately.
“I figger I was half raised by Benson. This feller’s accused of killin’ him,” Will finally told his wife. “Got my start in lawin’ with ole Benson,” he reminded her.
“Hard duty for you to bring this fellow back?”
“Nope,” Will said, still trying to maintain his integrity and do his duty.
“I mean, you wouldn’t want to kill him or anything?”
“No. I’d rather a jury did it than me.” But, Will’s jaw tensed and he ground his teeth in anger at the man who’d killed the only man Will had had any affection for since his father had died. Benson had been Will’s friend, his teacher, and replacement for his father.
“No,” he repeated, “I won’t kill him.”
Somehow, Elizabeth was not reassured. Outside of Big Sky, Wyoming Deputy Federal Marshal Dean and his wife rode down a long dry grade, saw a group of men in the distance and trotted toward them.
Will and Elizabeth came closer to the men at the work party. What looked like a line foreman mounted and rode out to meet them, his horse eating up the ground in large strides.
“Yo! You got business at the ranch?”
“Nope, can’t say’s I do,” Will responded cautiously, but didn’t advertise his badge. Elizabeth stayed back. She wore men’s clothing and the big hat pulled down tight on her head she looked like everyone else around here. She had a gun in a waist holster under her jacket: a Smith and Wesson .32 double action. “Then the main road north is back the way you came, ‘bout an hour ride. You’re welcome to some water, to share a little of our grub, but the boss don’t take to strangers uninvited.”
“Thanks for the offer, we’ll take you up on it. Need to rest the horses. They’re a bit tired after the trip.” His star was still not visible on his shirt.
“Leadin’ or follerin’?” the obvious foreman asked. “Followin’,” Will said simple as he could make it.
“Step down. We probably don’t have your man here. We don’t partic’arly want you to cause no trouble neither.”
Will nodded to the fence crew and they went back to work though a couple of them tucked their heads down, clearly not wanting to be noticed.
Will took off his light denim jacket. Now his badge on his shirt pocket showed more prominently. The fellows seemed to ignore Will and Elizabeth for the most part. One or two would sneak a glance as he fed the horses from the grain sack on the side of the materials wagon.
The water was not cold, but cool, sweet, and fresh. The horses made short work of the first drink. Will held back some from the sniffing twitching nostrils so the two mounts wouldn’t get sick from too much too soon.
The foreman came over and surveyed the horses with his quick glance. “I guess you better let ‘em rest a bit. Looks like they’re plumb wore to a frazzle.”
“Yeah, we rode ‘em good. Tired. But, we can go a little further if there’s a town nearby.”
Directed to the town on the banks of the Powder River the Deans entered Riverview from the west and wandered down the rutted street, glancing both left and right as people paused to see who they were. Just another pair of drifters, they probably decided.
“We’ll stay one or two days and then we’ll be headin’ north.” “We’ll be in Canada sooner than that,” Elizabeth smiled and waited while Will checked in at the log inn.
“Eats?” Will asked the counter man and was told where the best food was. It turned out to be reasonably edible and filling. Otherwise, Will thought, Denver cuisine is in no danger of being cast aside for a long ride to Riverview.
Two days later, rested, refreshed, and ready to ride, they mounted and loped off into the Montana country. The swales of dry grass on the hills made a beautiful picture, Will thought, like a soft blonde cat.
Elizabeth said she loved the country.
And she mentioned the thought of how peaceful the trip would be, with only a prisoner to take back to Denver. What could go wrong? She had asked Will several times.
“Aw, nothin’. It’s just a job,” he would say with a smile.

Chapter 6
“Let’s ride,” Marshal Jasper said to Edgar Conroy.
“Where we goin’ now?” Edgar wondered.
“I tole you, we’re goin’ to Halfbreed Lake where I’ll leave you with a deputy and then someone’ll get you in about three er four days.”
The Marshal yanked a chaw from a large brown mass of tobacco in a watertight oilskin pack. He moved the ball around in his mouth until it settled in a comfortable spot. He helped Edgar mount the horse, leapt aboard his own, and spat a long dark stream into the yellow dusty road of Willow Glen.
Edgar seemed to yearn for a chaw the Marshal noted. Likely when he smelled the fresh odor of the tobacco, the Marshal thought with a grin.
They both could see the woman peering from the curtained window at the picketed fence house at the end of the street and the Marshal watched with a trace of humor as the prisoner tried to hide his face but couldn’t.
“Dean’s comin’ for you,” the Marshal said as they rode down the street and out of town.
“Who’s that?” Edgar asked.
“Federal Marshal from Wyoming. Territorial man. I’m Special Marshal and don’t do this normally. On my way to Washin’ton Territory when I found you.”
“Take me to Washington?” It sounded like a plea instead of a question.
“Can’t do that. I got no authority. Dean,” the Marshal smiled, “he’ll take you to Denver office and then hand you over to New Mexico folks after that.”
Conroy looked dejected.
There was a long silence as they rode along at an easy ground eating gait. The horses occasionally blew and snorted, but nothing to indicate they were tiring.
“Hear that Marshal Dean is original from New Mexico,” Jasper said easily.
“Oh?” Edgar looked suddenly tense.
“Place called Quisto or Aquisto or something like that.” Connor’s stomach must have given a spasm as a painful expres- sion passed over his face and he belched.
The Marshal wondered what that was supposed to mean, but didn’t worry about it too much and pulled Conroy along.
Marshal Jasper was not given to convicting prisoners before a fair trial. But he’d just as soon hang ‘em as let ‘em go once they got convicted.
The Marshal looked west at the gathering clouds and shook his head.
“Better get while we can, boy. Gonna get wet no matter.” “Leave me here,” Conroy pled, obviously expecting the worst from the man coming to get him.
“No law an’ no jail.”
“Then how about Bear? Over by the Wyomin’ border.” “No law. No jail there neither.”
“No law nowhere but Halfbreed?”
“That’s right, boy. No law but me an’ the other dep’ty between here an’ Cur Darlin’. Not much of a jail neither.” Jasper gave Edgar a little smile which said more than Edgar probably wanted to know.
“Damn,” Edgar muttered and shook his shaggy head, clearly disgusted he’d been caught by this feller.
The lawman and his prisoner rode through the night; they stopped once for coffee only and another time Jasper made a batch of flap jacks in a black skillet heated over open flames; he used some of what he called “bear grease” to slick the pan. Edgar hesitated on a minute with that piece of knowledge then wolfed his down and sipped at the hot bitter black brew the Marshal cooked up. After a burp and wipe down of the utensils they remounted and rode on.
As dawn approached they skirted the edge of what looked to be a long thin lake. The Marshal felt tired, but put on an appearance as refreshed and rode tall and straight. Edgar looked groggy without sleep and sagged in the saddle.
“Yo! The house!” the Marshal called as they passed into the small community of Halfbreed – one house and one jail and three little businesses catering to ranchers along the edge of the lake.
No answer came from the log formation against the side of the scum covered green shoreline.
“Yo! The house!” the Marshal repeated. Finally a man appeared. “What?”
“Federal Marshal Jasper. Bringin’ a prisoner in.” “So?”
“You Benson?” Jasper asked. “What about it?”
“Got a man to leave with you ‘til Marshal Dean gets here from Wyomin’,” Jasper said as he dismounted.
“Where you goin’ from here?” the man in the door asked.
The Marshal had trouble with French and couldn’t roll the word right. He said, “Cur Darlin’.”
“Oh, over to Idaho?”
“Yeah.” The Marshal held Edgar’s arm as he slid from the saddle. “Know you?” Jasper asked and squinted to get a better look at the man.
“Nope. Been here long time. Just sittin’,” the jailer said and rubbed a dirty hand on his weeks old beard, gray mixed with the black to form a shaggy pattern.
“Benson your name?” Jasper asked again to be sure. “Yeah. Said so, din’t I?”
“Yeah, but you look like someone else,” Jasper said wondering.
About that time the man turned and went to the cabin. Edgar shrugged and rolled his eyes. Another mess he seemed to say.
“Benson!” “Yeah.”
“You gonna put this feller o’er here?” Marshal Jasper looked at the smallish building with the bars on the windows and figured it was the only jailhouse within miles and apparently got little use. But Jasper asked just the same.
The shabby shaggy man in the rough clothing came back and nodded to the building next to the house, the one with one room and bars over the window.
Looks like a horse could kick the side out, Jasper thought. But then this is the only thing for near two hundred mile, he added silently. He looked at the old man; one suspender kept falling off his shoulder and he kept tugging it back up.
“Good,” the Marshal said softly, agreeing it would probably hold the desparado.
“Th’ow him in.” The man claiming to be Benson held the door open. The Marshal pushed Edgar inside and took the big steel cuffs off.
“There. Now don’t go doin’ nothin’ stupid.” The Marshal spit a huge glob of the dark brown wet slurp into the tall grass growing over the top of the stoop. “Marshal Dean comin’ in about three or five days.”
The man who called himself Benson latched the lock over the bar and kicked at it to insure it was solid. He scratched at his thigh.
“I’m sure I seen you somewhere,” Jasper said, squinting his eyes once again, the thoughts running rapidly through his file of known and unknown criminals who this might be one of.
“Nope. Never been no place partic’lar.”
The Marshal was shaking his head as he walked back to the horse.
“Coffee?” the man asked.
“Nah. I gotta get on the way,” Jasper said and tugged his horse around. “I’ll stop up about Bozeman and get a night’s sleep and be on my way west from there. Obliged to you takin’ care of this feller.”
“Nothin’ to it. He’ll be safe there.” “I just keep thinkin’....”
“Nope. Not me,” the man said interrupting the idea. “Deadwood?” Jasper tried once more.
“Nope. Never been there,” the man said and shook his shaggy head.
“Someplace. I’ll remember and then I’ll tell you when I get back.” Jasper smiled, but behind that smile his mind continued to whir with the thoughts of where he’d seen this man or a flier for him.
The man stood with his left hand behind his back.
The Marshal stood rubbing his unshaven cheek and chin with his right hand when the dawn came suddenly. His eyes brightened and he knew where it was.
“Northfield!” Jasper virtually screamed it.
The door opened and a huge pregnant woman stood there. It was just enough to distract the Marshal. His eyes wavered for only a hundredth of a second. It was enough.
The left hand came around from Benson and the loud roar of the big Colt .45 Army filled the woods. Deer jumped, critters scattered, and birds screamed in fright as they lept and flew from one limb to another. The Marshal fell backward against the horse and slid slowly, bleeding all the life from his body with the gigantic hole in the center of his right lung. The man pulled the trigger again. The Marshal’s chest blossomed red. The gore was obviously more than the woman could bear.
Stoic and Indian though she was, the horror of the violence was clearly too much to endure. She walked around the side of the house and the man heard her vomit against the logs.
“Get over here and he’p me!” Benson yelled, furious at her for walking away.
He dug a shallow grave, too lazy to do it right, and dragged Jasper’s body to where he could kick the forest debris and light dirt over the Marshal.
The Indian woman and the bear of a man walked to the house. He pushed her once for not moving as fast as he thought she ought, then he kicked her in the rump to get her inside.
“Make coffee. I want somethin’ to wake me up, goddammit!” The man seemed to have forgotten the incident already.
The next day the word reached the recently appointed Sheriff Carlos Mendez in Aquisto, New Mexico, that the killer he wanted had been found and was in custody in the unlikely place of Halfbreed Lake, Montana.
He called his deputy in and said simply, “Got him.”
“Good,” the deputy answered and left to spread the word the killer would return and face justice.
The morning was cool and fresh to Will and Elizabeth Dean. The dawn brought with it the late-summer cool these Montana people adored; they did not adore the winter, however, with the blizzards and freezing temperatures.
The pair of newlyweds continued the odyssey north.
The Deputy Marshal and his wife stopped for lunch at the Rocky Mountain Stage Station and grabbed a plate of stew offered everyone on the Rocky Mountain Stage Line coaches – one arrived the same time the two Deans did. The horses ate the same grain the stage horses ate.
Will flipped the stage station agent fifty cents for the two horses’ meals, another four bits for his wife’s and his lunch, then a ten cent gratuity, and the pair walked out, mounted, and rode off.
Will and Elizabeth rested at the top of the long pass over the Horseshoe Range. They watched the wagons come over the pass and spread out in the large flat top. A man who tagged along came alongside.
“Coffee?” Elizabeth asked.
“Sure.” Will stepped down and dug into his saddle bag to get out the makin’s. Elizabeth dismounted and stood back a little as another horse and rider rode in; he smiled and Will nodded.
“Step down,” Will said nonchalantly and the man did. “Share some coffee?”
“I’ll get the water,” Elizabeth offered.
“What sort of work you in?” Will asked and relieved the cinch pressure on both the horses.
The man looked around, Will thought a bit furtively, and just smiled. Will let it go; he thought it might be private and didn’t intrude.
They drank the coffee and the Dean waited until they were sure the horses were settled, then they all mounted and began the trip down the winding twisting road to the valley below.
The first town was only a settlement – Grey Cloud. The companion rider drifted off and waved good-bye to the Deans. Will nodded his farewells, neither glad nor sad the man was no longer with them. He’d been interesting to talk to, but Will and Elizabeth had found him withdrawn for the most part, grunting his answers. Will suggested the man’s attitude was strange and he had something to hide, obviously.
“Oh, Will, lots of men out here are like that. They aren’t going to tell everything about their past or what they do.”
“Some don’t want nothing told,” Will agreed. “Let it go. We got a job to do.”
Marshal Dean stomped his boots as he entered the store run by a grumpy old bearded fat man, who apparently bathed seldom and cussed often.
“I opened this here store after the trappin’ died thirty or more years ago.” The man paused. “Me and my feller mountain men had to start store keepin’.” The man turned and spit from a jaw full of some brown glob. He smiled and showed as many teeth missing as present. “Counter jumpers,” he said with disgust in his voice.
“And story telling,” Will whispered to Elizabeth. “This one still has on the wolfskin vest he wore during the winters. He still has on the same pants he wore last year, thinner this year – the pants, not him. And he prob’ly ain’t washed ‘em since, neither.”
Elizabeth squeezed Will’s hand and smiled.
The vendor carried a large pistol on his hip and a sawed off big bore shotgun over his shoulder on a rope sling. Even waiting on women settlers he still believed his story was better than reality. He obviously told tales to everyone and anyone who would listen.
Dean picked the goods he needed off the shelf and set them on the counter to be paid for and sacked in his warbag. He slouched against the center post and snacked on a cracker from the barrel. He waited for the end of the fable the old windbag was telling a woman and her two rough little boys who stared at the old man, intent on the legend he spun; they looked as if they loved it. The woman clearly hated the violence and the killing, but nonetheless appeared entranced by the story teller.
“I kilt an elk and then fought a b’ar and wo’f for the carcass. The b’ar di’n’t stay around long. An’ the wo’f is this here vest.” He tugged at the edge of the garment. “The elk is long since eaten.” The grin was wider then as the man added, “Good too.”
Will thought the man might even belch to emphasize the point. Will wondered if he’d ever get tired of Marshaling and if he did would he open a store and tell stories to little boys?
Dean paid for the purchases and rolled a smoke, thumbed a light and nearly choked on the sulphur smell. He puffed it red hot and flipped the ash off; just before the two left with the groceries Elizabeth thumbed through the dry goods and held up material for Will’s approval.
“Cute,” Will nodded with little interest.
They walked to the door and Will turned. “Thanks.” “Sure. Anytime stranger.” The storekeeper nodded.
Will and Elizabeth Deans’ horses stomped at their return. She slid easily into the saddle and he, slinging his leg over the high back of the big steel-dust, pulled around and headed them north.
When they stopped that night, in the far lands of the high country, silence filled the air.
He poured coffee in a cup and offered it to her first. She sniffed at the freshness of it and smiled gently.
They talked while the fire dwindled. He stoked the embers again; the fire gave a little burst sparks, cinders, and warmth. He slept on the side where the red coals reflected heat off the boulder. She slept close to him. Barely covered by the blanket she was just warm enough.
“By morning, even this time of Autumn, I’ll probably be freezing,” she told him and then snuggled closer. She had laid fire wood beside her to toss on the embers and rekindle the flames.
Morning. At the small stream they washed faces and hands. Dean finger washed his teeth and smiled as he looked up and saw she was doing the same though her back to him.
They pulled up the cinches on their saddles; she kicked her horse in the belly.
“Suck it in you mule headed brute!” Elizabeth kneed the horse only once then made the saddle tight. Her brute snorted as if to protest.
Will and Elizabeth mounted and rode off north with little thought danger might lurk for them in the dark forest. Their hearts were pure and their minds full of the future. Nothing could disturb their happiness, Will thought, and smiled at his wife to reassure her he was there for her.

Chapter 7
Lawson, Montana. A city with ten businesses on both sides of the main street, wide enough for four wagons to pass abreast; Will and his wife and the horses had plenty of room.
“I want to stop at a store to get some clothes for the cool weather,” she advised.
“Well, I want to find the stables to get a pack horse. I got an idea we’ll need it.” He looked around searching for sign of a barn or corral.
“First things first.” Elizabeth nodded and he saw she had located the building with the telegraph wires attached. When the fellow came stumbling down the street, flat topped railroader hat perched on his head, Dean was digging his star out of his pocket, his identity engraved on the back.
“You got a wire for me?”
“You Dean?” The telegrapher eyed Will with what looked to be a question.
“Yep.”
“Here’s the twenty dollars gold coin order and then the order for thirty dollars Silver Certificates.” The telegrapher passed the paperwork to Will. The Chief Marshal in Denver had come through for Will. Expense money was hard to come by sometimes, the Marshal had explained, but he must have figured this was a harsh place for a Deputy Federal Marshal without any money in his pocket for expenses.
Will also had a feeling, on second thought, this might not come from the Chief Marshal, but an advance from Dean’s own pay account.
“I thought the gov’ment ought to pay, but I guess I’ll settle that when I get back,” Will told Elizabeth when he saw her. “Need to find a bank to cash these.”
“First things first,” Elizabeth said again. “Let’s get somethin’ to eat. I’m starved.”
“That’s two things first things first. You gettin’ things in order?” “Well, there’s first things and there’s first things,” she said, chucked him in the ribs, and smiled up at him.
The sign said, EATS in big red letters on a false front with a huge tent for a room. The tables were spread around; they were all but one empty. The bar was in the next building.
“At least we don’t have to listen to all those drunks yammering away while we eat,” Will said.
Elizabeth laughed. Before they ate a small lunch she had been shopping. She watched the three men walk their horses past the eatery and down toward the livery stable. They weren’t doing anything to draw her attention, but the Mexican was out of place this far north. And the danged grinning fool with the turned up hat, she thought, looked as if he belonged in a zoo someplace with those buck teeth rotted, stained, and overlarge, she thought.
“I think I’ll walk around,” Will told her without looking up from his steak, “while you get your things.”
She turned her attention to lunch and Will, forgetting the three riders. She nodded and smiled.
After Will finished his roll-your-own, stubbed out the last coal, and rose; she spent a moment watching him walk off, admiring his carriage and his manly walk; she turned back to her own purpose. The three men had disappeared and she was glad, she concluded as they returned to her mind. There was something about them.
Something I don’t like, she thought.
Will wandered back down the street to the gunsmith shop where he checked his pistol for head space. Wouldn’t do a bit of good, he considered, if the daggumed thing miss-fired or blew up on him.
“Good. Yep, it’s good,” the man said, raising his nose held spectacles.
“Thanks,” Will said and nodded. He didn’t get into a conversation as he had his mind on something else. And now, he thought, he ought to find his wife. He flipped the man two bits for the time and walked out.
“I was in the grocery store stocking up the flour sack. And look, I bought a better coat,” she said as she came up behind him. She held out a lined denim jacket. Elizabeth seemed proud of her purchase.
“Three dollars.”
He smiled and took her arm.
“Let’s get the local fi-nancial insti-tution to cash these.” He held up the bank orders. When they finished the transaction he pocketed the paper money and stuffed the few coins in his little leather thong-pull purse he carried to keep the sharp edged coins from wearing holes in his pants’ pockets.
They checked into the hotel and washed up. They sat in the lobby and read newspapers days old and said little. Later they strolled through the town.
They walked back to the eating place just at sundown and sat in the hardbacked chairs. Will ordered the “Cowmens Special” and Elizabeth ordered “The LaDys Plater.” The “Cowmens Special” was a barely done two inch thick steak – about two pounds, a large baked potato – about a pound, and a bowl of red beans – about a half quart.
The “LaDys Plater” was half that size.
“Golly.” Will leaned back. “I’m full.” He smiled. He drank at the last of the coffee which had been boiled over and over and over.
“This is late enough during the day the coffee has a character of its own. ‘bout like black ugly gravel-pit/rock-quarry water.”
She grinned her agreement.
“Well, it’s hot, it’s coffee, and no pie tonight,” Elizabeth said and sighed like she was full.
“Let’s go back to the hotel,” Will said, his voice strained as if he were too full even to talk.
Dean got up early the next morning and merely checking on her he slipped out of the room and went to the barber who opened a little after dawn; he had nothing else to do.
“Several town folks like to come in and bathe at that time,” the barber said. “This morning you’re the only one fer a shave.” “I’ll get a trim and a shave.” Then Will hung his big Colt Army Number One at his hand on the stool beside the chair.
After the shave, lilac and talc, Dean went back to the hotel. Clean clothes helped his attitude also.
“You’re awake!” Will said to Elizabeth as he found her walking the hall back to their room.
“I wondered where you went,” she said.
“I didn’t want to disturb you. Thought you’d like to sleep a little longer. Specially after that night on the ground. Not very comfortable out there.” He smiled at her.
“Well, it wasn’t anything. I just wished you’d said something so I wouldn’t worry.” She explained, “I found a couple of, shall we say, ladies-of-the-hotel who let me wash in their private quarters.” Refreshed she had come down. “That’s when I looked for you.” She continued to smile.
“Coffee and bear-sign floater enough?” Will asked. “For me.” Elizabeth nodded.
“Get us started, at least.” The sign advised: “10 cent – cofee, rolls, bacin, and hame Hep yousef.”
They laughed.
“We can share it.” Will whispered as he saw the piled high plate full of food. The pack horse he wanted was going to be a little expensive for their meager poke. So Will signed the government chit.
“Of course,” the man said eagerly after seeing the open purchase order. Clearly he would pack it with expense.
“We need a pack, some rope, and a few other odds and ends,” Will told the man.
“That be all?”
The two of them nodded, smiled, and thanked the man. Will nodded and gazed in the distance.
“Why,” he said aloud softly so she probably just barely heard him, “does this trouble me?”
Elizabeth nodded agreement.

Chapter 8
“Watchin’ the back trail?” Elizabeth chided him gently, with a smile on her face.
“For a few miles.” He seriously wondered if they were being followed.
“For something specific?” she wondered, suddenly equally serious.
“No, just a feelin’ I’ve got.”
Buzz and Lunker rode to the northwest with Monday. They passed through Lawson, ate a bait at a place they didn’t like very well, and rode on before nightfall.
“You ain’t concerned about Conroy?” Lunker asked several days later after reading – actually after stumbling over a few words they connected an idea – about Conroy capture. It seemed it was the big news locally.
“Nope.” Buzz shook his head. “’bout the only concern we have is who’s gonna hold them horses when we decide to rob someplace,” he dead-panned, then guffawed.
They rode into some little town, three abreast, looking casual. But they were tense.
“Monday.”
“Si?”
“Your turn,” Buzz commented as he slipped easily from the well worn hull.
“Pero, no senor.” The Mexican smiled, but there was not a trace of humor. “Eet ees your torn.”
“I went before,” Buzz said and merely nodded as if that ended the matter.
“Theen they hole theemself. Eet ees no my time, meester Buzz, ees someone else torn,” Monday said with other ideas that appeared in conflict with Buzz.
“Damn!” Buzz slammed his hat against his leg. The thing was worn so badly he had trimmed the frayed edge with his knife and another tear now appeared. “Double damn!”
“Yes, ees your time,” Monday said levelly. Then he added, “I be glad to stan’ back and let you an’ Lonker do all the work. But the holding of the horses? Now that is a job for you, senor, or Lonker.”
“I never wanted to and this Mexican don’t want to neither,” Buzz looked at Lunker, mean and hard.
A broad smiled creased Monday’s face and bright teeth appeared from his moustache, but it seemed he was not happy nor was he humored.
“Lemmee have ‘em!” Lunker yanked the reins out of both their hands. He spit in the grass at the edge of the building and glared at the pair. “You two bunch of cry babies!”
They merely raised their eyebrows, shrugged, and set about business and went in to rob the emporium.
“Stick ‘em up!” Buzz said as he charged through the door. “Hold it, mister. We ain’t got no money. We just barely got time.
Our business so slow we can’t even catch cold. You might wanna try that place o’er there.” The man with his hands raised nose-pointed with a huge beak at the log building across the street.
“Gimme what you got, anyhow,” Buzz growled.
“Got nothin’.” The man slowly lowered his left hand and pushed the round button box across at the robber. “See fer yourse’f.”
Buzz stuck his pistol under his arm, twisted the top off, and peered at the dust, a dime, and tiny spider inside.
“Damn!” Buzz shook his head at Monday.
95 They backed out the door. Buzz held his pistol on the man who seemed to turn red and quiver at the thought of getting shot in this godforsaken part of the country.
“Ride!” Buzz shouted as he lept aboard his gelding and kicked at the animal. Monday was already down the road. Lunker, caught short by the fast exit, jumped aboard and rode after the other two.
Their hooves pounded a staccato clicking down the street as they stirred up a cloud of dust.
They slowed after a mile or so, Lunker leaning back and looking over his shoulder at the trail behind them. No posse appeared, so, they slowed to nearly a walk.
“Next damn time it’s your damn turn, Mex!” Lunker let out his anger at the lack of results.
“Okay,” Monday said. Then he added to Lunker, “Meester Buzz no so much a hold up ar-teest.” The Mexican again smiled, and there was still no humor. It seemed the man never had any reason to smile, but did nonetheless.
“What happened?” Lunker looked to Buzz.
“No damn money. We even seen his cash box. Nothin’. Only a dime and a spider.”
“We gettin’ thin in the pocket. Better dig up somethin’ more’n an empty box, bud,” Lunker said shaking his head sadly.
“Shore enough.” Buzz got off his horse and fiddled with some part of the saddle leather.
“Guess we need that Conroy after all. He could at least hol’ them horses.” Lunker spit in the dirt at his mount’s feet. “Never missed a little money when he was along, neither. Brought us luck.”
“Damn poor luck,” Buzz grumbled. They mounted and rode on. “How far is it to the next town?” Lunker wondered looking in the distance, likely for sign of life.
“Donno,” Buzz replied with a shrug. “What’s the name of it?”
“Donno that neither,” Buzz said.
The northwest expansion was not about to give them lots of choice. For awhile the little settlements were far apart and only served a few people. A wagon would drag through and sell goods to mercantiles, emporiums, and ribbon sellers once in awhile. And that would continue for another number of years.
Didn’t look likely to make the three robbers any happier knowing it. And even then they didn’t know it.
In any case they rode on until they reached the next place.
“Not much of a town,” Lunker said, leaning across the apple of his saddle.
“Don’t need much,” Buzz said.
“No’ so much,” Monday agreed with a nod and that damn fool smile, as Buzz called it, still pasted in place.
Will and Elizabeth camped late that afternoon, just before dark. She shoved the horse, “Move you damned animal!” Will looked up and saw her get a shoulder into the horse. She then made some remark about the beast’s ancestry and anatomy.
The horse moved and she finished clearing the fire ring. She booted the remaining grass clear, at least ten feet across the circle to keep sparks from starting a grass fire.
Will brought over an armload of deadfall fire wood and thought he smelled the outdoors better here than almost anywhere. She asked, “What’s going to happen when you get your man to Denver?”
“I donno, but we’ll have to study about it the next few days.” He hummed, but wasn’t happy over the thoughts that kept coming to him of how this was just a bit too easy. How things never did go so easily as this, as a matter of fact, and he worried some.
They slept under the stars and in the cool night, rolled in their soogans close to the fire and closer to one another.

Chapter 9
Halfbreed Lake.
“Gee. I didn’t know what I was lookin’ for, but this isn’t it,” Will said softly. Only Elizabeth could have heard him as he surveyed the house, jail, and three businesses just opening for the day. Four horses crowded the street which was really a mere two track trail through the woods. The tall trees – evergreen and stately – framed the community. There was little room for growth of Halfbreed, but someone at least tried to start a trade center for local cattle ranchers. Off to the side was a pen area which could hold, Will thought, probably 500 head of stock.
“Halfbreed Lake,” Elizabeth said, also softly, but with a firmness in her voice. “A one cabin one shed community?”
The saw the lake edge was moss covered and grim looking. “Wonder where that Deputy or Marshal might be? No place a fellow could hang out here. But one.” Will nodded in the direction of the businesses and cabin where an outbuilding stood nearby. “Cabin with the bars likely the jail.”
He removed his Stetson, wiped his brow of a light perspiration and called, “Hallo the house!” A chill went down his spine as he wondered. He had some fear for his wife, since he didn’t want her involved in any trouble.
“Move to the side,” he told her gently. She did.
The door opened and the fellow stepped out. Baggy wool trousers – cuffs in dilapidated boots – held up by suspenders, and a dirty shirt over a greasy ugly person. His grotesque face showed a month or more growth of beard. An Indian female appeared behind him seemed like from nowhere. She was heavy with child and in equally dirty attire.
Will leaned over the saddle horn and inquired, “You Benson’s kin?”
“Who wants to know?”
“Me. I’m Deputy Federal Marshal Dean.”
“So?” The reply was all Will got. A bright star hung on the fellow’s shirt.
Dean recognized the badge, but couldn’t place it. Just something about it bothered him. He shrugged off the thought, though and went on with his business.
“You got the prisoner here?” Will asked. Nothing indicated a prisoner could have been anywhere except the barred jail.
“Yup.”
They stared at each other, waiting for one to ask the magic question to get all the posturing out of the way.
“Well?” Will asked for some sign. “Well what?”
“Well, let’s get him the hell outta there?” Dean said.
“Hey, mister, don’t be talkin’ thata way in front of the lady.” The man nodded back to the Indian woman.
“Oh, sorry, didn’t mean to offend. But, I would like to get the prisoner and leave as soon as possible. You understand the need to make some haste in this matter. We want to get him back to stand a fair trial and do the right thing by the relatives of the slain man.”
“Shore,” the dark countenanced man agreed.
“Fine. So, let’s get this thing over with and get out on the road to Denver,” Will said.
“Well, it ain’t that easy,” the Deputy told Will, eyeing Elizabeth with obviously leering and lustful eyes. “Jest light and sit a spell whilst I figgers the paperwork.”
 “Sorry, Deputy. We have to turn and leave right away. My wife here has to get back to her invalid father quick. You see, I’m sure, we have to be on our way kinda soon; even tonight.”
Elizabeth was behind Will and to the right, moving, he hoped, wider. Will tried his best to be patient, calm, and understanding.
“This clod is being stupid at best and impossible at worst,” Elizabeth said softly to Will. He couldn’t see her though he was sure her hand lay casually on her pistol all the while, knowing Will could use her help, come a fight. He relied on her as much as she on him.
“Wall, you could get on yore way with the prisoner when I says so. We gonna do that there paperwork right,” the dark man said and scowled.
“What does it take to get your `say so?’” The ugly dirty man who claimed to be a Deputy just stood there apparently trying to think what to say next. He was clearly at the peak of a dilemma, probably wanting to show his power to this city fellow and his city woman.
The banging started on the door to the side of the house, from the outbuilding. Will thought it a dungeon from all appearances. The local man glanced at the Indian woman. She disappeared into the house and Will began to back a little, making a move to the left to present his gun side to the door of the cabin. Any move from there would be an open invitation for Will to draw and be at the advantage – height and position.
The clearly self-proclaimed Deputy did not miss the move. He turned slightly to his woman and nodded. She took up a position at the window of the log building.
Elizabeth caught the play and as Will nodded he figured she would shuffle her horse over, taking a location right of his horse. Her hand, he saw when he glanced at her, was under her light jacket where she probably gripped the butt of the Smith and Wesson .32 double action in the waist holster; the Smith could be drawn straight out and across her body, pulling the trigger without thumbing the hammer or she could thumb the hammer back and fire like a single action revolver.
Will was sure Elizabeth knew to shoot directly at the woman in the window, which was held open by a stick.
The Indian woman, barely visible, was obviously armed with either a rifle or pistol held in the folds of her ample skirt.
“Now, no one do anything stupid or rash,” Will said evenly and softly. Making no mistake about his intentions Will told everyone to calm down.
Will had drawn his Colt Army many times, but only once had he pulled in dread and fired; he’d hurt a man very badly. Will was not afraid to kill. If he had to. He had been shot at several times in the line of duty and taken some hurts from burning bullets skinning hide. He had no interest in killing anyone, however. The only way this would be solved was for one side to kill off the other, or for nothing to happen. This was an either/or situation, he knew. Nothing could be solved and no one would survive a shootout. Everyone could die. That was it.
The banging on the cell door started again. “Deputy, damn you! Let me out of here.”
“Shedup!” the man yelled.
“Damn you Deputy, what’s goin’ on out there? Let me out!”

Chapter 10
They stood still on the spot for minutes as the events sank in.
The four of them were involved in a very difficult problem and the night was yet an hour or more away, Will found when he thumbed open his pocket watch.
“We got a lot to do. We might as well get the prisoner and leave,” Will reiterated.
“Nope,” was all the man said.
Will thought of how this could be deadly face off. Lights were burning on the porches of the businesses, and though he didn’t want to look over his shoulder and lose contact with the man to his front, Will thought people were watching from behind window curtains or through smoked isinglass panes.
Will’s mind recalled when he had seen Elizabeth with the .32 Smith the first time.
“Where’d you get that?” Will nodded as he saw her hold the Smith casually.
“Saint Louis. I liked the .32 caliber Smith and Wesson cause it’s deadly at close range. It gives a woman protection, accuracy, and stopping power. It isn’t heavy and firing it doesn’t throw the pistol off target as that man-sized .44-40 Colt you carry.”
Will smiled at the memory and his attention turned back to the cabin.
Elizabeth saw Will pause, so she moved wider and held the pistol at her side as she dismounted. Very slowly. She looked through the cabin side window while Will kept the deputy in view. She could hear them argue about the situation as she looked inside the cabin.
The Indian woman stood there with a rifle on the window sill, but it was not at the ready. Nor, did Elizabeth think, it was even loaded. The woman appeared lethargic. Elizabeth was very quiet. She knew where Will was.
Will kept his eyes on the deputy now. The man’s right hand moved to the grip of the pistol, slowly.
“How did you get a Deputy badge?” Will wondered. “It’s a mystery. You’re no lawman, that’s certain,” Will said softly. The five pointed star. Where? Ah, yes, he recalled. Before they made the ring for the one I carry the old Marshal’s had just a star. Where did this fool get that one? Where? And a feeling of dread crept over him.
“Yeah? Well, I ‘uz appointed,” the man said harshly, but made no other move.
Suddenly, as if he knew it was a fatal moment and he ought to at least try, the bearded man reached for the Colt on his hip and though he was fast, he wasn’t fast enough. Certainly he wasn’t fast as Will whose pistol blossomed flame which lit the darkening sky with a brilliant light, then once again. In an instant the man was pushed backward into the doorway of the cabin as if a giant hand had reached out and done the work.
“Don’t,” Will Dean heard Elizabeth say. He figured her Smith and Wesson was trained directly on the Indian woman who he saw had half raised the rifle. He wondered if either were going to shoot.
The rifle stayed still for what seemed like minutes, but it was only split seconds.
“You can stay here if you like,” Elizabeth said evenly to the woman inside the cabin. “But I’m not afraid to defend the Marshal if you try anything.”
The smell of cordite was heavy in the woods and two men looked out the doors of the businesses and another seemed to peer from over the fence behind what looked to be a blacksmith’s shop.
Will turned and displayed his badge to them – the badge with the five pointed star and encircled with a ring, the word U.S. Marshal clearly imprinted on the front. He remained in a defensive position however, and his pistol was ready for action if these people intended to do anything hostile.
“Stay out of it,” Will said. The three heads disappeared.
Will legged over, dropped to the ground, pulled on the door on the jail cell. The lock and staple yanked loose from the old rotten wood.
The voice of the squinting prisoner was thankful, “Geez, am I ever glad to see you.” He squatted on his heels, too tall to stand straight in the short building.
“Well, you must be Conroy. You might not want to see us. We’re here to take you to Denver then transfer you to New Mexico to stand trial for killing that Sheriff there.” Will was not making pleasant conversation. The prisoner had to know now, rather than later, he was making no escape, but merely changing the character of his prison and future.
“I don’t care one bit about that. I’m willin’ to go back and take the punishment, even hangin’, rather than sit in this hole one more day.”
“Well, I know where you are and you’ll stay here until morning when we’ll be able to see better. We’ll sort things out. We won’t forget you. As a matter of fact, after I make some coffee up to the cabin I’ll come back down and bring you a cup. If I can rustle up some grub I’ll even feed you. Looks like it’s been awhile.”
“I’d just about turned mole,” the prisoner said. “The only time they opened that door was to give me a plate of left over stuff they fed the damn hogs and the hogs wouldn’t eat.” He nodded an insincere apology to the woman for the language. “And one time he wanted me to cut wood and a-nother time I dug a hole for him.”
“You been here for three or four weeks. Why didn’t he just let you go?”
“I donno.” Edgar shrugged.
“Musta. I got the message you were here two weeks ago.” “Been here almost four days now. Dug holes for his,” Conroy looked at Elizabeth, “outhouse.” She smiled at his discretion.
“An’ I cut fire wood. I cut firewood ever’ day, fum dawn to sundown. Fed me onct a day. An’ then he’d stuff me back in there. I’da been happy to have been let go.”
“It sure seems funny he didn’t let you go once he found you were as much an outlaw as he was.”
“He needed someone to do his dirty work. Lazy bastard.” Elizabeth didn’t acknowledge his comment.
“You just sit back and we’ll get you straightened out shortly,” Dean said somewhat firmly.
Will Dean walked back to the cabin. Elizabeth moved around, sorting out some of the scattered junk. The body of the deputy began to stiffen; rigor mortis set in soon enough in the cool night air.
Deadfall near the cabin produced firewood and Will lit a couple of candles then cleared out debris in the fireplace. He tossed things out the door. Then he hung the big kettle over the hook, swung it over the sprouting fire, and went with a leather folded bucket to the edge of the lake for water.
The Indian woman merely sat on the rope bed and watched. She said nothing and expected nothing, it appeared; so, Will obliged her by saying nothing nor offering anything.
Will, backed by Elizabeth, looked out in the brush corral and found four horses.
“One’s likely hers,” Will muttered and Elizabeth acknowledged the comment. He found a partial bundle of hay set aside and tossed it into the pen where the horses could get at the fodder. Their water was in a galvanized tub and not very much at that. Will took a collapsible leather bucket to the lake and after four trips had filled the tub enough the horses could drink.
Will found nothing in the cabin worth eating and even had there been canned food he would have been suspicious of it.
The Indian woman continued to sit, impassive, on the rope tied bed in the corner. A moan emitted from her on occasion. Elizabeth had lit the fire and it brightened. The wood was dry and the kindling was easy to ignite. The flames grew and the heat began to swell in the room. The odor of burning wood soon took on a romantic aspect.
Will patted Elizabeth on the shoulder as he ducked out the front door and fetched their saddle bags and the warbag. He worked up something to eat.
“It’s for the prisoner, he hasn’t eaten for two days,” Will muttered.
“What kind of animals do they have for lawmen up here?” She wondered. “He’s a prisoner, but didn’t need to be treated that badly.”
“I don’t know. You live up here. You tell me.”
“That’s no way we would treat a prisoner in Wyoming or even Montana for that matter. There has to be more to this than just this cabin and that fellow.”
“Well, I’m going to feed him, then let him get some sleep and we’ll get it right in the morning. I’m beginning to get a little tired, besides,” Will Dean told her.
“Too much activity for the big boy?”
“That’s right. You’re too much fun. You just wore me out today. A good night’s sleep is what I need. But I don’t want to sleep under that roof.” Dean smiled broadly, nodding toward the cabin. Then he yawned. “I’ll take first watch. That Indian woman looks pretty docile now.”
“I don’t know about that. There seems to be something about her. You’re right, though, we wouldn’t want to sleep in the cabin.”
They unrolled soogans and ground cloths. Will sat sipping at his coffee for most of the night. The lights in the windows of the other buildings went out one by one. Will gave the prisoner some of the jerky he had in his bags and a tin cup full of hot coffee; but at midnight it was not very fresh.
Will yawned and saw Elizabeth slept soundly and the Indian gave off a roar and a snort once in awhile, so Will nodded off to sleep about the time the moon dipped below the edge of the lake.
Will had told the prisoner, “Keep the lantern here. We’ll be in the woods nearby. If you need to light the lantern, here’s some matches.” Tossing two stick lucifers to Conroy, Will turned and left the cell, pulling the door to after him with rope with the big knot for a hand grip. He put a bar across to keep Edgar inside. Will jammed the lock back and tied a rope over the bar and holder. Better than nothin’, he thought and nodded to himself.
Elizabeth slept on. Will slept fitfully and woke often, didn’t want to wake his wife, but though he was very sleepy he remained concerned the Indian woman might turn on them. A knife in the back in the midnight hour would be unpleasant.
Will rose in the middle of the dark to check the perimeter and security. When he returned to the bed ground he found Elizabeth had worked up a pot of fresh coffee and obviously gone back to sleep.
He drank the coffee and perked up. Then he yawned. Elizabeth rolled over asked what time it was and before he told her she wondered why he hadn’t waked her and he just shrugged.
“Boy, am I tired.” He stretched and yawned. He pulled the Rockford watch. “Half past four.” In St. Louis Elizabeth would have made plans for the day and put out clothing for the events with the crowd she preferred to associate.
“Let’s take a river boat trip,” she said brightly to her best friend. “My daddy sent some money. It’d be fun to gamble,” the girl with the syrup sweet southern accent said.
“Tomorrow I have something to do, but on Friday we can take an afternoon at the club.” Elizabeth often planned that far ahead without thought.
“With appropriate entertainment,” the southern girl said and then giggled.
“Or would you rather we take an evening at the opera.” “Heavenly days, ‘lizabeth, opera?”
“Sure. The Cincinnati people are coming this month.” “But, opera,” the girl said it with a sour sort of tone. “Verdi,” Elizabeth said, nonchalantly. “Aida.”
“Oh, no. How can I miss that?” Her sarcasm was not missed.
“I don’t know either. Everyone, just everyone has to see this at least once. I’ve seen it twice now.” Elizabeth tried not to sound snobbish, but it didn’t work.
“Do you have to go in?” the dapper young man asked later that night, holding Elizabeth’s hand gently as they stood outside her boarding house.
“Yes, Randolph. It’s much too late. I don’t have classes until next week, but I do have to get ready.” She withdrew her fingers slowly. “The evening was wonderful. We’ll have to do it again sometime.” She leaned forward and lay her cheek against his. She didn’t kiss him, but he seemed about to faint from the intimacy.
She looked at the mantle clock in the boarding house and noted it was three a.m. She shrugged. It was an early evening for some of the times she’d been out playing.
However, between semesters she had often returned to the ranch where all the hands headed for the bunk house shortly after supper and dark.
“What do they do at night?” one young St. Louis man asked her, clearly thinking ranch work was beneath his station in life. She knew he’d been raised in town and knew nothing of the West; certainly he knew nothing of the hard work on a ranch, she thought.
“Well, they play a few hands of cards or do some mending of equipment, braiding rope, sewing clothing, or darning socks.” Elizabeth looked around at the faces watching intently to her story.
“I’d probably be rustling around the barn, brushing my horse. I’d even toss a little hay, saddle soap the leather, or mend any rends in tack.”
She also recalled that while back home, before the dark got too long, she would yawn, stretch, and go to the house, kiss her father, and head for her room where she dressed for bed.
She wanted to tell them about the wide country and how the life was so harsh sometimes and then so free at other times. She didn’t think they would understand that.
“The little night noises come with the darkness. The quiet hour has many sounds. Too many people miss the sounds of the silence,” Elizabeth added, softly, and looked as if it were a very deep secret.
The young men and women in the circle oohed and aahed their disbelief anything could be that simple.
And the night sounds came more clearly in the Montana range. The yipping and the barking of the coyote warned off the intruder, wolf, bear, badger, or whatever creature tried to trespass. The yowls of the coyote made Elizabeth laugh. It seemed to her the coyote was finding and chasing prey. Then the clutter of barks and yowls and snaps and growls made her laugh aloud. The ‘yote must have caught the rabbit, mouse, or squirrel it chased and taken it back to the den where everyone shared.
Then the wolf called from far away. The woop woop yowoo made chills on her arms.
Will reached out and stoked the fireplace one more time, put two more small logs in. He set two aside. He said he thought the temperature at daytime must have been in the high eighties, but when night fell the chill deepened quickly. Not freezing, but certainly near 40 degrees, she concluded.
The morning was ready to bloom and the horses made little noises, having been put to picket inside the brush corral, they seemed in no hurry. Will had tied noise makers to his and Elizabeth’s animals. He would hate to lose the pair. Thieves would probably pass on the pack horse. The dead man’s horse was nothing special, just another roan, overworked and underfed. Will wondered about the other big red horse.
The animals had enough room to move around under the picket and would be able to roll on the ground to ease the irritation from insects. Their tails made swishing noises. They seemed at home with the others.
Elizabeth watched the firelight dance on the tree limbs. She had some thoughts about the days past, the days ahead, and what they all meant to her.
Elizabeth felt she had been taken in by the giddy whirl of activity and the silly falderall of these “friends” when she was in school.
When Will entered her life, things had changed. She had never wondered, never doubted her decision. Even now she was still sure she had done the right thing. She thought, though, of the college boys. Not one compared with Will Dean. None.
He’s solid and certain. He’s a little conservative, maybe, but was that wrong? He carries himself with dignity. He’s educated. He writes his name better than a scrawl on a piece of unwadded paper; she knew he wouldn’t lick the pencil end before he wrote something. And he has interesting things to say when we talk; he seems to grasp reality; he’s only slightly older than me, she concluded. Taller than me but only a little. Our boys will be giants. Tall girls too. She snickered softly as she admired her man.
Then she almost laughed aloud. It occurred to her that she had big plans for Will.
She lay back and looked up at the sky, counting the stars.
Never a doubt in my mind. This is The man, she decided once more with the same finality she had the day he asked her to be his wife.
The fire dwindled, then snapped, crackled, and made sparks fly up nearly into the trees, some as far as the edge of the ground cover set out to take the hard edge off the rough ground.
Elizabeth looked at Will. He rolled over and lay still, eyes closed, he slept soundly. Light snores and gentle rumbles came from him.
She was contented. She was comfortable with the feeling. There was so much uncertainty all around them, but he was her constant.
The dead man, the Indian woman, the prisoner in the cellar, but, she was comfortable.
“Goodnight.” His strong voice came to her and she trembled knowing he had seen her, maybe seen her thoughts, and perhaps he understood. Understood better than she could have.
He lay there for a minute smiling, under the cover of the bed roll. In the dark he faced her and the firelight framed his body. The light was low and the feeling was genuine.
But dawn came and they had to rise. They had to go on the rest of their adventure.
She would go with her man.
Four years and three months passed from the time Bill Egan first put on the Deputy Marshal’s badge in White Cloud and the time he applied for and was accepted as a Federal Marshal.
His appointment came at the same time the telegraph arrived informing Bill of the events occurring in his district. The Duttons were on the loose again, it said. It also said he had an office waiting for him in Elk City next door to the City Marshal’s office. He sighed with resignation and decided to use it only as often as he had to.
Late that afternoon the roiling friends, happy and carefree were to ride out to the ranch – Bill and a buggy with all the friends’ clothing in the back; the friends rode close behind, still excited by the events to take place.
Don North had told them, with a tip of his handsome fedora, that he’d be along shortly and they could start without him.
Two hours later the trio trooped into the bunk house at BB and they were hooted roundly by the hands. But everyone seemed in good mood except Bill who had the most important and task before him he’d ever had. The pair of Duttons. And it was his wedding day. He couldn’t call it off, but he knew he’d not be able to take more than a few hours to get back on the job.
He took good ribbing from the men. And then when the recently appointed Territorial Governor Granville Hankins appeared with cigars and a bottle of rye, well thing began to fall apart.
Bill tired rapidly and knew his honeymoon would be delayed for some time. The spies said the household – where Miss Young dressed – was equally carnival.
But Bill Egan only knew that the ranch bunk house smelled of the heavy odor of whiskey mixed with smoke from cigars, cigarettes, and too many bodies for the space.
“Your first boy will be my God-son and I won’t take no for an answer,” Granville said.
“Yessir,” the young Federal Marshal replied, knowing his own job was at stake in this. He’d seen that Hankins was on a list of Vice-Presidential candidates and Bill Egan didn’t relish the thought that Granville Hankins could necktie and brand the youthful exuberance of William Egan.
“Yessir,” he repeated.
Mr. Young appeared at Bill’s side and hugged the boy with what Bill called, Mr. Young’s good arm – the right was injured during a fight with some of the Dutton’s when they tried to rustle part of the BB herd more than ten years before. A horse had fallen on Mr. Young and mangled the arm so badly it was nearly useless.
“Every man in Wyoming is jealous of you, son,” the Territorial Governor said when he walked by. “I don’t know what you got, but it must be good to wrangle up that girl. Remember, if you hurt her, I mean hurt in anyway, I’ll have the whole territory po-lice hunt you down and yank you by the neck or other parts until that part or your neck comes unloosened. You un’erstan’ me boy?” the Territorial Governor asked, but even though there was a twinkle in his voice the eye was serious and firm.
Bill swallowed hard and said he certainly did.
The ceremony was overly short, Bill thought, but afterward came the kisses, hugs, tears, thrown flowers, and congratulations.
“I need to talk to you,” Bill whispered, smiling all the while, to his new bride.
“What is it?” She smiled back woodenly as if knowing there was something seriously wrong.
“Step into the kitchen,” Bill said and with a secure grip directed her there. Everyone cheered as the newlyweds nuzzled and held hands as they walked to the kitchen. There was a crowd even there, so they stood on the washing-room porch.
“Bad news?” Ellen asked.
“Worst. Seems the Dutton brothers broke jail. They headed this way. Also busted up a bank and two mail wagons. They got away. Clean. I gotta go,” he said with deep apologies.
“You’ll be back?”
“Shee. They gotta kill me to keep me from comin’ back to you, darlin’,” he said from deep inside. He hoped she could not only hear it but as well read it in his eyes.
“I understand,” she said and kissed him. On the mouth. Hard, but with the softest lips he thought he’d ever felt.
He figured he’d be back as quick as he could – wild horses and all that were dismissed as not enough to keep him away.
“You’ll tell your Dad?” “I’ll have to, won’t I?”
“I’ll go out the front,” Bill said. He thought it would take a brave man to leave through the front door on the evening of his wedding.
“You don’t have to,” she said. “I’ll give my apologies for you.” “No need,” he said and hugged her.
They walked back and there must have been something serious about their demeanor because the people seemed to stop talking and turned to stare at the two.
“Ahem,” Bill said rather than coughed it, “I gotta go.” Sighs and mumbles and murmurs greeted that.
“Sorry. It’s the Dutton outlaw gang. You all know what that means. And it has to be serious to keep me from her,” he smiled down at Ellen.
Others made rude remarks about the Duttons, but Bill ignored any criticism not aimed at him directly.
“Stay and enjoy the party,” he told them all.
He slipped another kiss in and headed for the door. Four, then five, and six men lined up with him to dress in warm gear, tugged on their hats, and even as he protested they didn’t need to come, they went with him to their horses. They all mounted and rode off toward White Cloud and eventually Elk City where Marshal Egan had a file full of information on the Duttons. Ellen Young Egan knew the Duttons had a vicious streak in them and the men that were with the outlaws wouldn’t be much better.
After the party dissolved, people went to the quarters prepared for them on the ranch, she and her father stood checking the weapons and as dawn rose they began to make plans to defend themselves since they knew they would be attacked.
She figured to fight to protect her man and the ranch property. Her father was important among the many things she knew to be sacred to her, but Bill was first. He had been since that day in the sun as those men walked out of the bank and shot him in the leg. She knew she would marry him no matter what. And she thought he had to know it as well – not that he would have much to say about it, but she was determined.
If, she considered the options, the two Duttons and their men attack the ranch we’ll meet them with a substantial welcome. Probably a death sentence.
“They gonna come,” her father said. “Prob’ly take the herd first. They’d like that. The BB is much like that 88 brand they say they brought up from Texas. I doubt it, but maybe.”
“It won’t be long if they do,” she agreed.
“They be fools to attack this ranch. And more certainly in the Winter.”
The ranch hand Edward walked in just then, sleep hadn’t come to him either it appeared as his lids were puffed and he had a sleepy glaze cover his eyes.
“You didn’t leave with the boys,” Ellen said and was surprised. Edward was the all round cowboy and had been as loyal to Bill as to Ellen, or so it seemed.
“Been out watchin’,” Edward told them and a little yawn was stiffled just as it began.
“Thanks,” Mr. Young said and waved at the coffee container by the sideboard.
“They won’t come for some time,” she contradicted her previous statement to her father.
“Soon enough. They know we’ll be here and short handed. I woulda thought they’da come by now, as a matter of fact,” Edward said with a shrug.
“Might have been scared off by the party of men last night,” Mr. Young said, thinking the Duttons would have done the sensible thing. But then he recanted that since there was never a time the Duttons had ever thought sensibly. If they had why were they always on the edge of being hanged, jailed, or chased by a determined posse.
He knew both the Dutton brothers had been jailed for various crimes over the last ten years and maybe had spent even more time in jail for minor violations. But they were elusive and slicker’n snot, he concluded.
Bill had chased them one time and found them sitting in the center of a pool and billiard hall. He’d faced them with Angus at his side and, though the two bad men looked as if they wanted to fight, they gave up. Clancy threw his cards on the table, spit into the spitoon, and seemed about to engage the two Marshals, but his brother Vernon calmed him.
The judge threw out charges of murder and rape since there were no living witnesses and nothing could be proved. Of course the two denied ever having been near there, wherever that was – never seemed to have been near anywhere a crime was committed – but Bill had searched and found the clothing of a man thought to be one that Marshal Will Dean had found down a slope in a rocky crevasse – mostly only bones and a few ragged clothes remained scattered around.
But, with the help of Don North, Will concluded as a witness at the trial, “This was a fellow named Dunn who had been known to keep company with the Duttons on forays into outlaw acts.”
The judge wasn’t impressed. He told the men, “I’m sure these are the guilty bastards what done this deed, but it don’t stand up in this court. Them things is only sorty attached to these two miscreants. You can’t blame them for ever’ crime in Wyomin’, onliest the ones they done.”
“But,...,” Bill sputtered and was silenced by a hand from the Prosecutor. Will Dean shrugged and obviously gave up his protest before it came to his lips.
“Your honor,” the well dressed Prosecutor said, “we understand and will surely accept whatever jail time you think is appropriate for these two guilty savages.”
“Good. I hate them long trials. Beats my butt to death on these hard chairs,” the judge complained and shifted his enormous weight several times. “You got five years,” he pronounced.
The Defense attorney merely shrugged and outloud he told the two Duttons, “Best quit while we’re ahead.”
They shrugged as well and were led off by two local Territorial Marshals who were none too gentle.
Mr. Young wished they’d had more evidence and better trial and then hung that pair. One at a time, two at a time, or on the same rope. It wouldn’t have mattered a toot to him.
Weeks later in Medicine Bow, Bill made an appointment by telegraph with an applicant about whom Bill had a good feeling. He knew only the barest of information about this person. The time came and went. The man never showed. Bill got nervous about the man and wondered if something had happened, but there were plenty of other things to do, so Bill went about his tasks.
Late in the afternoon Bill sat, finally, before the fire and pondered taking the horse into the open range and riding home; he wouldn’t get there until very late, however, it would not be unusual.
He was jerked from his revereries when the door opened and a huge human being stomped his feet and stepped inside.
“Sorry I’m late. Have a cow birthin’. Breech,” his voice rumbled. “Wife can han’le it now.”
“You want the job as Deputy Marshal?” Bill asked wide eyed. “That’s why I filled out the application,” the man said in a voice so deep and so vibrant it seemed the building shook.
“Any good reason?” Bill wondered.
“Need the money, mos’ly,” the man said honestly. “But I do hates people who do bad things,” he added.
“What do you know about the law?” Bill wondered. He wasn’t sure this was a good idea.
“Was with Cattleman’s, but couldn’t stand their guff. They wanted to kill off all the homesteaders. Damn Horn give us a bad name,” the man said.
Bill dug out the application from under a pile of paper he’d been working on. Saw the name FREEMAN. It also had his work history there. But, in spite of that Bill wanted the man to talk about his jobs.
“Well, Mister, ah, Freeman, what law work have you done beside the Cattlemen’s Association?”
“Dep’ty Marshal in Independence. And then Salina over to Kansas,” Freeman said as he stood before Bill; Freeman pointed to the paper as if to reinforce the notion he’d already written it.
“Sit,” Bill caught himself not thinking about the man being in some discomfort; Bill waved at the rickety chair in the corner. The man dragged it over toward the Marshal’s desk.
“Now then, you were Deputy?”
“Chief of Poh-lice in Independence. Did a little Deputy in Salina then the Sheriff got kilt and I’uz appointed Sheriff until they couldn’t stand me bein’ there,” Freeman admitted, but didn’t seem discomfited.
“Why not?” Bill wondered.
“They didn’t want no colored folk bein’ Sheriff, I guess,” Freeman said with a shrug. “Gimme no reason. Just tole me to get, so I got.”
“Well, you didn’t exactly fall into heaven here. I was told you were a good lawman and your application seemed interesting to me. I need a local Deputy, a segundo to handle some of the tedious thing. If you like the job I’d like to know in a couple of days,” Bill said already convinced he’d take the big man.
“Well, I asked for the job just to see what you had in mind,” the man said suddenly talking away from the black man’s accent. “If you want someone to do the job I can work really hard and you can rely on me.”
“Got a couple of things in mind,” Bill said being careful not to embarrass himself in front of the man. “First off we’ll go in the field together and work on nearby criminal activity. You and I will take the burden off the local people whenever a fed’ral crime has been committed. And that’s most of ‘em in a territory. And we also organize posses to chase bad men around here,” Bill concluded the basic order of business. Then he asked, “How about your ranch?”
“Ain’t eggsackly a ranch,” Freeman said. “Mostly it’s like a homesteadin’ grain farmer with cows. I figger if I grow the feed I don’t have to buy the feed. Didn’t exactly work out that way, but then we’re just startin’.”
They both chuckled at the description.
“Well, how were you with the Cattlemen’s?”
“I told them there was no way they could solve their problem by killin’ off homesteaders. I also said that it was criminal activity outside the homesteaders that caused them most of the trouble. They ignored me, hired Horn, and kicked me down the road with my wife and little kid,” Freeman said.
“You called Freeman or,” Bill looked at the application once more, “Angus?”
“Either way is fine with me,” the big man replied.
After they finished all the details it was dark outside and no way to get home before late and then Bill had to be back in Elk City before it got late in the morning as he had a lead on the Duttons and didn’t want to lose them.
“Stayin’ in the hotel. You goin’ back to your ranch?” Bill asked. “Naw. Figger I’ll sleep under the stars,” Angus Freeman said. “Not my Deputy,” Bill said and walked out with Angus in trail. They talked a bit and Bill asked, “You came in lookin’ like a darky shufflin’ and scuffin’. What was that all about?”
“Didn’t know you yet. When you asked me about law rather than my color I figured you were straight up, so I give up hiding behind my hat,” Angus said and Bill saw a little grin creep up.
The hotel had two lamps on the desk and both glared. “Room,” Bill announced. The man behind the counter nodded. “Two of ‘em,” Bill added and meant for the man to bill the U. S. Government for the cost.
“Two?” the man asked and looked at Angus Freeman. The unsaid was, “We don’t rent to no niggers.”
“Two,” Bill said firmly. The unsaid was, “You rent to this man or I wreck this place.”
“Yessah,” the man said and didn’t hide his thirty year old sympathy with the South and, or segregationist.
“Anything wrong?” Bill asked the man; but there was clear anger in his voice.
“Nope,” the man said after he passed the keys and turned to walk away.
That night they ate in the hotel dining room. It wasn’t elegant, but the food was “wholesome,” as Bill called it – that was his word for lots of meat and potatoes without any quality.
As they sat afterward Bill offered his pouch of tobacco and papers. Angus refused politely and sat back with one more cup of hot, black, and bitter coffee.
“Tell me more about yourself, Angus,” Bill said and stubbed out his cigarette in the ashtray.
“Well, not much to tell. My father was born in the North. He enlisted in the Army in New Jersey. Went with Major General David Hunter to the Carolinas to enlist Negro troops on the Northern side. After the war he married a woman from Pennsylvania. I was born, as you see on the paper, 1859. I went to lower school in Philadelphia. I wanted to go to college in Pennsylvania and got a scholarship to Dickens College,” Angus told the basics and Bill knew there was a lot more. Angus sipped at the end of his coffee.
“Dickens?” Bill asked. He had an idea where it was and knew that it was a college, but not much more about the school.
“Yeah. It’s a college in northern Pennsylvania for, let’s say, those that can’t afford to go to the big schools like Yale or one of them. Mostly Negro kids go there,” Angus said and Bill was sure he left out quite a bit about his education.
“My father fought in the Civil War and afterward he worked in Pennsylvania until he enlisted again. That’s when he met my mother, while he was with Gen’l Crook in Arizona. They wouldn’t let him take Mother with him. Or me. He died there. We got this medal and a thank you very much,” Angus told Bill with a note in the man’s voice that said more than the words did.
“Your wife?” Bill asked and rolled another, licked the paper, and stuck a sulphur on the bottom of the table.
“Indian woman. Came from Missouri. We know our place,” Agnus said.
“Where’s that?” Bill asked, knew it was not what he ought to ask since he was incensed that it came up. He waved off the question. “I think you’ll work out fine. Your place will be here if you want it.”
The pair talked about lawing and taming the West for another hour. Angus yawned. “Been up since ‘fore dawn,” he admitted.
Bill Egan looked to his pocket watch and saw it was near eight. He too was tired and felt the day had been way overlong for him as well.
But he did want one more thing from Angus. “’fore you go to bed tell me a little more about your law experience.”
“I worked for the Secret Service for awhile, got the information they wanted, and made my report,” he said with a diffident shrug.
The short story came out well and Bill was impressed. He did want to talk to Angus’ wife and tell her what Angus would be doing. Not specifically, but rather in a general sort of way. After Angus Freeman graduated from Dickens College he was recruited by the United States Secret Service to go to the South and report on the extent of the power of the Ku Klux Klan.
They had threatened to assassinate President Cleveland and were in possession of some information which, the Secret Service told him, “You could be in a position to gather.”
He had no idea how to go about it, but agreed to try.
Angus’ first job was to work as a house boy for a high level director of the clan.
When the group was brought to trial the attorney for the members claimed in open court, “Because of the mere nature of colored folk to be natural born liars, they cannot be trusted to tell the truth even in court.”
The local officials gave them that and, Angus added, “Because I was a Negro they impeached my testimony.”
He was so angry that both the Prosecutor – a Yankee – and the Defense – a Southern sympathizer from the North – laughed and joked over the case in front of Angus Freeman. His reward was the $50 they promised him for two months work and then they dismissed Angus offhandedly.
He rode off on a mule he purchased for $14 and with provisions for a few days he made his way to Independence where he bought a pistol from a dead man’s widow for $10 after he had worked as a security guard for a freight line. “I went to Independence for a freight line. The Deputy Marshal there was killed in an accident saving some boats on the river. The Marshal was fired because of the accident. He’d been drunk at the time,” Angus explained as they walked back to the hotel that evening.
“That’s when they made you Marshal,” Bill said, but it was a logical extension of the statement Angus made.
“Yeah. It was real funny how the council all thought they were doing something fine and right. I marshaled for them for about six months. Didn’t like the arguments about, what they said, ‘Go on and be a good darkey,’” Angus explained.
Bill Egan shook his head in disgust. “I guess not.”
“My wife and I went to Salina to get outta Missouri. There the Deputy had been run over in a wild cattle run through town and I had grabbed a little kid outta the street,” Angus said, but seemed to downplay the heroics. “Anyhow, they offered me a Deputy job and then the Sheriff left with a trail drive bunch heading back to Texas and they gave me his job.”
“Pretty good,” Bill said with a nod.
“Not really. I had no support. They offered me the job and just like Independence they talked good, but when I’d lock up a man for drunk the Mayor was on me like stink on cow shit and I’d get a long lecture on impudence and uppity niggers.”
“Crap!” Bill said harshly.
“There’s something in what you say,” Angus replied with a laugh.
They reached the door to Angus room and stood there for a moment.
“I can’t guarantee it won’t happen here, but it won’t happen because of me. You take the job and we’ll work. If you come to me with the problem I’ll not wet nurse you, but we’ll be sure you get fair treatment in my district,” Bill told Angus.
“Well, I guess if you think I can do the job I’ll probably take your offer and we’ll see,” Angus said.
“I like you. I like the way to talk. I think you’re a man to ride with. I think you’ll work out,” Bill Egan said and held him for a moment. “I’ll go with you when you tell your wife,” Bill told the man.
Angus eyes raised.
“I want to tell her the truth about what you’ll be doing. I know you. You’ll tell her it’s nothing. I know your type. You downplay the importance of the position as well as the danger. She’ll need to know,” Bill said. They stood for a moment and Bill added just as he was about to go to his room, “You’ll try to hornswoggle the woman. I won’t. Let’s go see her first thing.”
At breakfast the next morning just before they were to leave Bill ordered one last cup of coffee. A snaggle toothed swamper took the pot, swept – Bill thought it was insolent – at Angus’ feet, and mumbled something about niggers.
Bill stood and fronted the man and asked, no told him to repeat the words aloud.
The fellow cow-towed to the lawman and mumbled he’d said nothing, “Nothing at all.”
“Mister, you get your manners straight and remember me. I’m the bad somofabitch who’ll whip your ass with your own belt and leave you on the fence by the road and hope a coyote eats your parts off. I’m probably what you dreamed would be the worst thing to happen to you. Watch your mouth and your manners around me and and this man, any man, who works with me. You hear?”
“Yessir,” was the quaivering reply.
Bill turned to walk out and glimpsed Angus smiling. “Maybe it won’d be so bad after all,” Angus muttered.
“For a lousy fifty a month you gonna have to put up with a lot,” Bill told him, but with a smile.
“More’n I’m makin’ farm and ranchin’,” Angus replied with an equally wide smile. The homestead outside Medicine Bow was a bare and wind blown thing.
Mrs. Angus Freeman was a handsome woman, clearly with grace, style, and determination. She also had size enough to insure she could handle any problem headed her way.
It took no time to tell her the nature of the work and the time Angus would be away from home.
Bill also added, “A telegraph line will be brought to this place so he can respond as quickly as possible.”
She harumphed at the modern technology as if it was about to engulf her.
“When does he leave?” she asked.
“I’d like to have him with me for the next few days. We’ll give him a horse and new side arm. We’ll also give him some travelin’ money and payday comes pert near reg’lar,” Bill told her and she smiled, almost to herself.
“How much he make?” Mrs. Freeman asked.
“Fifty a month. But, he won’t be here much. Mostly we’ll be on the road and that’ll be two, maybe three weeks out of the month. We’ll pay expenses,” Bill said. “I’ll try to get him home on weekends,” Bill added.
The woman seemed to understand and looked at her husband as if he were a new man, able, and full of confidence.
“Angus, I’m off to Elk City then to the double B. We’ll meet at the diner in Elk City on Friday morning,” Bill said and thought he’d be worn out by then. He smiled to himself.
“See you,” Bill told the pair and mounted. He turned and rode off without looking back, knowing that Angus Freeman was a good choice as his Deputy.

Chapter 11
Will didn’t sleep beyond the crack of dawn on the cold ground near Halfbreed Lake. A blue scrub jay screeched in the trees and threatened something intruding on its domain. Then other birds began their cackle and the racket was soon a din.
Will rose, did his morning ritual, then opened the cell for the prisoner.
Conroy squinted at the light entering his dark cave. “Yeah, Dep’ty, I’m awake,” he said, coughed and spit back into the jail.
Swinging the door open and stepping back Will let the prisoner walk out into the new sunshine. It had been perfect weather for a week. Will was now used to the clean sky and the huge clouds roiling by. It would likely rain today from the looks of the sky to the west where it was grey as granite, but for now it was very pleasant.
The prisoner stretched and headed to the brush to do his toilet. He washed up with water from the bent coffee pot Will brought.
Will knew Conroy only by reputation and only as a genuine killer. Will thought he ought to hate the man, but when he looked at Edgar the Marshal was repulsed by the prisoner’s appearance which reflected the man’s lack of respect for himself and, obviously, others. Will had heard about Connor’s several escapades, but that wasn’t why Deputy Marshal Will Dean was here, he was to bring the outlaw in only for the killing.
Will told Edgar Conroy without emotion or care, “I’m not sure I did you any favors. Like I told you last night, you’re going back to New Mexico to stand trial and prob’ly hang. You were a first class fool to run out, an even bigger one to get caught by me, ‘cause I’ll take you back and no tricks you can pull will change that. It won’t be comfortable. You un’erstand?”
That might have been the longest speech Will ever gave to anyone in one breath. He was so soft spoken and well understood when he said something he didn’t have to put on any airs of authority.
Will motioned Edgar Conroy over to the tree holding the dead man. He pulled back the edge of the slicker and said in an almost reverent voice, “Is this the Deputy Marshal caught you?”
“Hey, whatcha tryin’ to pull? You know this ain’t no Deputy U.S. Marshal. This is the snake what kep’ me prisoner. But this ain’t no real feder-al deputy. He was tol’ by the real deputy to hol’ me ‘til he returned. I thought you’d just happened along an’ saved my life.”
“No, I got here directly and ‘uz told you’d be at this lake. We found this cabin and you in jail,” Will said and nodded toward the shack. “This man had a federal Deputy’s badge on and we thought he was the one wired us you were his prisoner.”
“Nope, the one caught me mus’ be some’ers else. He lef’ me with these folks and said he’d be back soon. He give ‘em some money to feed me and tole ‘em to watch me ‘cause I was a ring tailed hooter and a killer.”
“Then I wonder where that feller is? I wonder what happened to him?” Will said, but it was also a question, a curious thing.
“Donno. You gonna haveta fin’ him or let him fin’ us, ‘cause this ain’t him.”
Elizabeth walked up behind the pair. “I found some other things under the corner boards of the cabin. This fellow had salted away a few items like these.” She held out a U.S. Marshall’s identification card. “And this was pinned to the dead man.” She showed Will the bright badge and gun in a holster. And rolled around the gear was a full cartridge belt. A black round crown hat topped it all.
“I wonder if this man,” Will thumbed at the dead man, “killed Person Jasper and took his stuff and buried the body. He musta been afraid snoopers’d find it. He’s not likely to be the most upstandin’ citizen of the territory.”
“More’n likely he was wanted too. He holed up here waitin’ for time to pass to get out of the country when your Sheriff’s kin caught this `desperado’ and....”
She didn’t get to finish as Conroy cried, “`Desperado?’ I ain’t no desperado, jess a plain drunk. I kilt that man by accident. Them other guys did lotsa bad stuff, but I jess watched mos’ly.”
Elizabeth snorted derisively. “Anyhow, we ought to check around for fresh turned ground, even lumps or whatever. We have a bent shovel over by the corral.”
“Let’s look. But, I don’t want to hang around here too long. Looks like Marshal Jasper’s the one the caboodle belonged to.”
They began an organized search. They asked the others in the community to help and two people came forward. They said they knew nothing, but that the Sheriff of the county had come by and appointed the man; they said his name was Benson or Benton or something like that. One man said he heard shooting one day, four or five days ago. Nothing he could tell about it. But, he told Will, there was no other commotion so the man figured the big dark man was shootin’ at animals or something.
“He and that woman of his come in occasional and picked up some goods,” the trading post man said and indicated food goods. “But, they stayed away from us. Sheriff said he give him the job cause someone needed to do it and we was all too busy. Seem’ that Benson feller never did nothin’.”
Each person took a section of the forest from the house. Will began to walk back and forth about to the end of the search grid he set. Conroy wandered aimlessly. Elizabeth searched much as Will did, in an organized manner. The other two searchers punched at the fertile soil with long sticks, but didn’t seem too interested.
Another man advised that he’d heard a shot, but avoided looking out since it was none of his business. The others merely raised eyebrows and seemed to concur.
Taking her man’s death as a fatalistic thing, the Indian woman must have started her trek back to her people, Elizabeth told Will.
“Found where she went,” Elizabeth said softly to Will and pointed toward a trail that showed fresh track of one horse. “Found a high spot and looked for her. She was way off with that red horse. Thought about goin’ after her, but didn’t see any need. She’s better shed of this place.”
“You’re right there.” Will nodded. He found a mound of freshly dug earth piled softly. He called Conroy to go for the shovel. The other two men came over and watched. One had a shovel with a broken handle, but Edgar could dig with the one he held. Will didn’t want the prisoner to dig deeply or vigorously, the lazy faker who lived here and died here would have had trouble getting much deeper than a body and then likely covered it with leaf mold and dirt. Will had Edgar scrape rather than dig.
“Elizabeth, get me a little water in the coffee pot, please.”
She ran over to the lake and scooped up a potful and ran to his side. He scraped off some more dirt with his hand and found the body about six inches deep, just barely covered as Will thought it would be.
Dean uncovered the face, poured a little water on it to clean the dirt away and asked Conroy to come see it. “Yep, that’s him.”
“You sure this is the real Deputy?”
“Yep, I’m sure. This one brought me here. He’s a Marshal.” Will Dean stood back and let the others look. They were stricken, obviously, with astonishment. They shrunk from the sight of the dead man and one seemed to be about to vomit, but choked back the urge and coughed twice.
“There any indications of noise or ruckus or anything to make you believe the Marshal came back after you?” Will asked Edgar.
“Well, you know, I heard all sorts of yellin’ an’ then a gunshot then another. Then there’s a lot of quiet. I waited at the door to see if it ‘uz somethin’ I oughta know about. I heard two gunshots, but nothin’ came of it, so I forgot it,” Edgar said and raised his eyebrows with obvious wonder.
The other nodded as if that was what he heard too.
They dug up the rest of the body, wrapped it in another of the rain ponchos and put the two dead men on the spare horse. They headed back to Lawson. There was no use to linger at Halfbreed Lake any longer. None.
Dean thought of many things on the way down the hill. His thoughts continued to return to his willingness to ride the long trail with this woman and he reaffirmed he was glad he married her.
“Elizabeth?”
“Yes, Will.” Elizabeth smiled.
He knew he didn’t need to say more. This was his woman and he’d never doubted it, but these last few days proved it.

Chapter 12
Later, and released on what was considered, for the Duttons, good behavior the men roamed south, then north, then east toward Ox Bow. The snow fell in the canyon and the way out was posted with a guard who was likely frozen half to death.
Ordered to stand guard after the wild poker game and fight, Dunn and Dancer left the cabin.
“Meaner’n a rabid coyote,” Dunn said as he walked down the steps from the hide-out cabin to assume the guard post at the entrance to the canyon.
“Who?” Dancer asked.
“Clancy,” Dunn mumbled. He wasn’t sure Dancer wasn’t real loyal to Clancy so he didn’t want to say too much.
“That’s true. Tough too,” Dancer said agreeing and watched the snow pile up over the dead body under the tree. “Been in jail for four years I guess you’d be a bit gnaw boned too.”
“Di’n’t blink a bit when that Hart feller killed ole Pete. By the way, how old was Pete?” Dunn wondered.
“Dam’ifIknow,” Dancer said in a low and nearly indistinct voice. He wasn’t sure of most anything, Dunn figured.
“Anyone come this way?” they asked in unison when they found the man everyone called Galahad because one day he took his hat off to a nice lady in town.
“Nope,” the man muttered and climbed down off the rock and out from under the overhang. He’d made a little fire and put branches underneath him to keep his butt from freezing, or so it appeared. The fire was still smoldering the smoke rose through the branches and caused a thawed spot to appear above him. The snow dripped around the edges and must have made the man miserable through the late evening.
“Coffee inside,” Dancer said and wished Galahad a good morn- ing.
“Yeah,” the man said and sniffled.
The huge cul de sac at the narrow end blanked out any escape except for the few who knew the narrowest of narrow ledges which climbed the steep wall. The Duttons had chosen this spot because of the protection at the entry, a winding cut back trail, and the difficulty following those who would escape.
“When we going out again?” Dunn asked and put another small damp log on the fire and watched it smoke.
“Snow stops, I figger,” Dancer replied. “Sometime this week?” Dunn wondered.
“Then or when the elk meat runs out,” Dancer said and smiled. He stuck a sliver of bark or wood between two teeth as if to emphasize the elk meat stuck between his teeth. “Don’t much like elk meat in the morning for breakfast.”
“No coal oil pretty soon. Lamps go out early and then we have to sit all night in the dark. Maybe a quart left,” Dunn told his guard partner.
“Next time to go to town you do it,” Dancer told the young lad. “Not me,” Dunn said. “They prob’ly know I done that woman.” “Was you who kilt her?” Dancer asked and had that amazed look on his face.
“Naw. That was Vernon. I wouldn’t do that. I like women too much to kill ‘em. Besides they’s few enough to go around that one can go killin’ women just cause they spit at you,” Dunn said and swished at the red coals to see if they’d burn the wood a little better or faster or both.
“That what he done it for?” Dancer asked still wondering. “Yeah,” Dunn said.
“Damn. That ain’t much. Hell I been spit at by whores for lots o’ reasons,” Dancer said and shook his head. After a moment he added, “I coulda killed one in particular. That woman in Ox Bow. She’s called Susan or Suzanna or something like that. I coulda killed her. She’s so damn smarty.”
“Never did her cuzzy,” Dunn said as he recounted the number of women he had used. “Maybe next time. But you gotta go to Ox Bow for the coal oil. They gonna know me for sure,” Dunn said and figured that was the end of that discussion.
“I liked to died when I looked up and seen that Egan feller,” Dancer said and sucked on a piece of cedar tree wood.
“What?”
“Yeah. He’s a right hard feller to get off yore trail. Caught the Duttons in a pool hall and faced ‘em down, I hear. The brothers don’t like talkin’ about it none. Spent four years in a co-rection-al insty-tu-tion. That Egan. He’s pur’dee ole dog. Faster’n a snake. Young too. Mean. Make ole Clancy seem like a girly doll,” Dancer said and shook his head. Seemed he didn’t want anything to do with the Marshal.
“So, he’s the hot potato around here?” Dunn asked.
“Him and that Dean fellow over at Ox Bow. Two of the meanest and hardest cases the Marshals is got. They just don’t let up none,” Dancer said shaking his head. “Don’t let up none.”
“Clancy will take care of ‘em,” Dunn said, but he wasn’t too sure.
“Clancy told me never to go up against this Egan feller. Says he’s a killer with a badge,” Dancer said.
“Worse kind,” Dunn began to be convinced.
“Yep, the worse,” Dancer concluded the conversation.
Dunn changed the subject then and suggested, he looked for a bright spot in the clouds and thought it near mid-morning, “No one comin’. Let’s get back to the cabin. I’m freezin’ my ass off out here.” He mooched around in the coals and put on another wet stick broken from some close by tree.
“Me too. I don’t think nobody’s gonna be out in this stuff,” Dancer said and stood. He wiped at his trouser seat to get rid of wet or whatever was there. “But, Clancy said to stay all day.”
“Yeah,” Dunn nodded, dejected. He wanted out of this weather. He felt in his pocket and fumbled with the few dollars they’d shared in the cabin. He never let the money out of his sight. Even when he left the cabin on a raid he’d bury the loot he’d last accumulated. Once he thought he saw Gordon watching; Dunn claimed he was gonna take a shit. Dunn went out and dug a hole, buried the money in a canvas sack, and to insure Gordon wouldn’t mess with the stash the boy then squatted and did as he said he was. He could easily recover the money, but he never ever trusted anyone, including Clancy.
Just now he kept the money with him in his pocket. He needed to go to town and mail off money to San Diego. He also hoped the Dutton pair wouldn’t rob that stage or the train his money went out on. That would be unfair, he considered.
One other man had mailed money back to his folks and a gang of robbers had done the train. Clancy, Vernon, and Hart had laughed, but the man said it just wasn’t fair.
“That’s what’s wrong with this country,” Dunn announced. “No one has any respect for his feller man.”
Then he began a litany of confusing and conflicting sentiments about men of the outlaw business.
Dunn started to mount his horse and the saddle began to creak. It was damned cold outside, Dunn kept thinking and shivered while thinking it. Dunn thought he heard something and held up his hand.
Dancer stopped in his tracks and went slowly to the ground. The thump of hooves was clear in the still cold air. Dancer slowly and quietly as possible settled back to earth and went flat in the snow. He didn’t have a lot of shelter and his horse stood out clearly in the open. But he felt he’d been unseen. If the riders went by they couldn’t see him, he thought.
If they turned he’d have to shoot, he concluded.
A lead horse, a pack horse, and a following horse passed. Dunn and Dancer waited, ready. But Dunn kept still and noted Dancer did the same. The riders were headed down the trail to what was the back way to Elk City.
After the riders passed Dunn looked over at Dancer. He waved and motioned for Dunn to come on over. Their horses pulled around, Dunn and Dancer headed off toward the outlaw hideout cabin.
“The house!” Dunn called toward the hovel.
They jumped off and ran toward the hut. No one acknowledged their call. The horses were gone. No one was in the cabin when they pushed inside. Gone. Everyone was gone. Dunn had figured they’d sent him and Dancer out on a wild goose chase.
They cleared out! Dunn thought almost aloud. He stared at the empty and no longer warm cabin. The bunch had probably left just after he and Dancer had gone on watch.
“Damn!” Dunn said aloud. Dancer was quiet, but his teeth were clinched and his lips were locked together.
Why’d they do that? Dunn wondered. “What happened to make them leave us out there in the cold?”
Dunn stopped his angry thoughts long enough to look through the broken glass window pane. Something was missing. Nothing.
“They gooseberried my clothes!” He yelled. Dancer looked with him.
“Damn, they took my warsh,” Dunn said angrily. His few things weren’t much, but they’d been just cleaned. He hung them on a line and, he added to Dancer, “They’s like hoboes or tramps the others have done goosberried my clean stuff. Damn!” he swore again.
“Why’d they leave?” Dancer wondered.
“Shit! I don’t know. We do somethin’ to ‘em?” Dunn asked. “Not me. What’d you do?”
“Nothin’,” Dunn said with a furrowed brow and he too questioned his actions, but couldn’t answer.
“They sent you with me. I can imagine why they done got shed o’ me, but you? You gotta done somethin’,” Dancer accused the boy. “You win in that poker game?”
“Some. Didn’t win much and didn’t lose any,” Dunn said and remembered leaving the table maybe two dollars ahead.
The pair stood in the middle of the building. Dunn thought about lighting a fire to warm and then take off after the bastards. They had nothing to attach him to them, though, but he’d ridden with them for months.
“They weren’t family ner nothin’,” he muttered barely aloud. “Huh?” Dancer asked.
“We gotta do something,” Dunn said firmly now. “Whut?” Dancer wondered with a raised eyebrow.
“I donno. Maybe Elk City. It’s close. They have a bank, and the damn Marshal’s so old he’d likely drop his pistol if he tried to pull it on us,” Dunn said without smiling, but inside he felt comfortable with the details.
“How about that Egan feller? I’d just as soon he didn’t get on my tail,” Dancer said.
“Me too. But what we gonna do? Ain’t got no money,” Dunn lied. “Oh, by the way, I gotta go.”
“Where?” Dancer asked and looked around.
“You know. I gotta go,” Dunn said and made a motion toward his back.
“Oh,” Dancer said dully.
After they rode off Dancer wondered, “They got paper out on us?”
“Likely,” Dunn admitted and continued forward. “We get a job?” Dancer asked over the hoof beats.
Dunn shrugged since he’d never had a real job riding for a brand before. Maybe as a gun hand. But I’m no cowboy, that’s certain, he concluded. The month was cold. Bitterly cold. And the weather lasted all the way into February. The outlaws couldn’t find out where the Duttons went; even though there were reports of heists, robberies, break ins, and other criminal activity no one saw the Dutton boys.
Dunn was disheartened by the use of his money to find places for him and Dancer to stay out of the cold. They spent the night in a hotel – it cost a whole dollar for the two of them and the bath was thrown in free though Dunn didn’t think he needed a bath all that bad.
After all, he mused, I had one last couple of days. He didn’t remember it was actually more than a month since he’d had one.
The next morning the pair looked for work. Circle C wasn’t hiring since they’d brought all their cattle in close to the ranch house, the foreman explained. Dunn knew that to be true since all they’d seen on the way to the headquarters were vultures feasting on frozen dead cattle.
The stomped into a big barn at a ranch they didn’t recognize. “Whatcha want?” a big dark man with a two day growth of beard growled at them.
“Ridin’ jobs,” Dunn said; and, trying to be as polite as possible he added, “sir.”
“On them crowbait?” the man asked nodding to the rib showing animals the two dragged along.
“They’ll be fine with a little oatin’,” Dancer said.
“We ain’t hirin’ nobody,” the man said and pronounced the last word “nobuddy.”
“Not what we heard,” Dancer replied with a hard voice. “Not hirin’,” the man repeated.
Dancer stepped up to the man, tugged at his coat, revealed the worn grips on his .45. “No?”
“Good with ‘at thang?” the man asked and pursed his lips. “Good enough,” Dancer replied and then said. “We both are.” Dunn nodded.
“Ever kill anyone?”
“Di’n’t count ‘em,” Dancer replied and slouched. “We might be hirin’,” the man changed his tune.
“Thought so,” Dancer said and stepped back. The barn door closed and the man invited the pair into the smaller room off to the side at the far end. It was a darker room, but certainly warmer. The place smelled of cattle and horse.
“Who are you?” the man asked.
Dunn stepped forward and announced, “Dunn,” he thumbed to himself, “Fennerman,” Dunn thumbed toward Dancer.
“Where you ride before?” “Around,” Dunn said with a shrug.
“Just around?” the man said. It was a question, but then again it wasn’t.
“Yep,” Dancer said while he fiddled with the loop over the hammer of his Peacemaker.
“In trouble with the law?”
“Mebbee,” Dunn said and he shrugged once again. “Mebbee no,” he added.
“Meanin’?”
“Who knows. No one’s never said nothin’ to us about it,” Dancer said a bit testy.
“Well,” the man dragged the word out. “George Dickenson is the final world. He’s the boss. He and his foreman Artemus Grimeshaw.”
“Where’s this Dickerson feller?” Dancer asked still a bit testy. “I donno. Ask some of the others if you see ‘em. He’s usually around,” the man said.
“Where’s this Arty-mus feller?” Dancer asked. “I’m him,” the man said.
“Why the hell doncha just hire us and see. We work hard,” Dunn told the man and smiled really wide trying to indicate the two outlaws would be easy to get along with.
“See Dickenson,” was all Artemus Grimshaw said.
The two nodded, warmed their hands over the pot-bellied stove, and they both talked softly about to it would be live warm for the next few months – even if they did have to work.
They finally walked to the door of the ranch house.
“Mr. Dickenson,” Dunn asked, his toothy smile a guarantee to bring a smile in return.
“Yeah?” the surley voiced man peeked through the partially open door of the obviously warm house.
“Dancer,” Dunn waved at his partner, “and Dunn.” The man looked through furrowed brows.
“We’re riders,” Dunn added with a bit wider grin.
“Ain’t hirin’,” Dickenson said and seemed ready to close the door.
“Showed ole Grimshaw w’at else we can do,” Dancer said. “What’s ‘at?” Dickenson seemed more interested.
They merely pulled back their coats on the gunhand side. Both pistols were worn dark by their hands.
“How I know you any good?” Dickenson asked without moving the door another quarter of an inch either way.
“We’re a-live ain’t we?” Dancer asked and appeared to get a little antsy. Dunn thought it could be nerves, irritation, or just from the fact they were standing outside in below zero cold weather.
“Alive? So?”
“The ones what called us ain’t,” Dancer said menacing. “You want to try us?”
“Humph,” Dickenson said and seemed not impressed.
“You obviously need guns for some reason. We’re here.” Dunn was succinct and to the point.
“Damn Duttons. They been thievin’ our cattle. Run off a bunch from the Winter range. Damn if I can catch ‘em,” Dickenson complained.
“We’re here to work,” Dancer said from behind Dunn.
“Work is what you’ll get. Fifty and found,” Dickenson said and Dunn nodded.
“We use our guns we go for sixty,” Dancer said. “Fifty is just what we get for showin’ ‘em. Sixty for usin’ ‘em,” he told the older man.
“Get outta here. You get fifty and that’s it. Gunhand wages in Winter is fifty. No more. Sue me,” Dickenson said and slammed the door with a finality.
“Sir!” Dunn called through the door.
“Go away!” the muffled response came through. “Sir!” Dunn called again.
“What? I’m freezin’,” the man said through a crack in the door. “Fifty,” Dunn said in agreement.
“Go see Grimshaw. He’ll show you what to do and where to go. What’s yer names again?”
“Dunn. He’s Dancer Fennerman,” the boy said. “Dunn what?”
“My Dad never called me anything ‘cept Dammit. Dammit you in trouble now, Dammit wha’d you do that fer? Dammit, get in here. I don’t like that name. Called just Dunn,” he said.
“Wanted?”
“Never looked. Don’t care,” Dancer replied and pulled on Dunn’s coat to leave, obviously for a warmer climate.
“Well, just don’t get me involved with that. You take care of yore own past. Ride for the brand. Ain’t gonna stand for no cowards or stealin’ from me,” Dickenson said and it was not only a warning, but certainly a threat.
Dunn took the reply it as it was delivered and nodded agreement.
After telling Grimshaw they were hired and he told them where to bunk they ended up in the bunk house with three other Winter range riders.
“Dunn,” he announced to the crowd.
“Dancer,” he said to the assembly as well.
Everyone said almost in unison, “Gladameetcha.” Then went back to darning, mending, and cleaning their weapons.
Dunn knew they were among agents. These men all had rough hands, broken noses, and scars. None looked youthful and as handsome as Dunn thought he was. He nodded his satisfaction that there would be a war with them damn cheating, lying, sneak thief Duttons and Dunn didn’t care one bit who got killed as long as he wasn’t one of them.
“I’ll take the bed in the corner,” Dancer said.
“Las’ man thar died un’er a horse in the high country,” one of the men said leaving the premonition to Dancer. “His pardner’s up thar now. Line camp duty. Freezin’ I imagine,” the man said with a sly smile. “We don’t do no line camp duty,” he added and one corner of his lip went up and the man looked really snarly.
First thing to do, for Dunn, was to clean his weapon which had not been exposed to the weather too much, but he liked to be sure it didn’t have any rust or dirt in any of the mechanism.
Seemed Dancer had the same thoughts. “Clean gun and clean kill,” he’d said one time and Dunn believed it. There came a morning when the Chinook blew over the land.
Grimshaw came in and ordered the men to bring in everything they could find. The ranch needed to get the Spring stock in some kind of shape for pushing onto the low range, he told them.
Dunn and Dancer waited while a man called Andy and another called Gus went north with a pack animal to relieve the line camp. They groused and mumbled, but obviously the bunk house had become ready to do even line camp duty.
“Well?” Grimshaw faced Dunn and Dancer.
“Well, nothin’,” Dancer said. He too seemed ready to bolt for a line camp if necessary.
“Well nothin’ hell. Get your asses out there and get them cattle. I tole you yestidy and you didn’t get nothin’,” Grimshaw groused. “Well, nothin’,” Dancer said again. “Ain’t nothin’ out there. We went pro’ly twenty or more miles and circled around and they’s nothin’. No cattle, no horses, no nothin’. No calves or dead drops neither. Bare as if picked clean by some giant buzzard,” Dancer said.
Grimshaw went livid. His eyes seemed to bug out and his face went florid in a heart’s quick thump.
“Dammit. Them Duttons!” he nearly screamed and strode off purposefully toward the ranch headquarters.
Dickenson followed Grimshaw back from the house. “None?” Was all the owner asked.
“Yup,” Dunn replied.
“You fellers didn’t ride then. You went somewhere and hid out to keep from freezin’?” Dickenson accused.
“Mr. Dickenson, I’ll take that once. But you and Grimshaw asked us to ride for the brand. We’re gonna do that, but we don’t take no shit off you or him,” Dancer looked up to the tall mean faced Grimshaw who stood probably six feet five or more.
“Well?” Grimshaw asked without backing down.
“You heard my report. I don’t repeat it twict for you,” Dancer said, clearly still angry that the boss had called the rider a liar.
“Dutton boys,” Grimshaw muttered to Dickenson who stood with his eyes at the ground and a surly look about him.
It appeared that Dickenson was torn between firing Dancer and Dunn as louts and liars and believing their story and sending out riders to track down the theives.
“Horn’s gonna get a lotta business,” Dickenson mumbled barely audibly.
“Tom Horn’s here?” Dunn asked.
“Yeah. He’s gonna get a lot of work,” Grimshaw replied. Dancer and Dunn looked to one another.
“We’d like a little of that re-ward money,” Dunn said. “If you gonna pay Tom Horn, whyn’t you pay us halfa what he gets,” Dunn offered knowing that Tom Horn was top dollar and often got the bounty easier than it would seem.
“Well, we get after them skonks and we’ll bring back scalps to prove it. You pay us halfa what you’uz gonna pay that Horn feller and we’ll guarantee results. You don’t and we’ll just mosey around out there shakin’ aspen leaves like the wind,” Dunn said without threatening. “We get gun wages we’ll work. We get nothin’ we don’t do nothin’,” he added.
Dancer backed that up with his own sales, “Damn thieves. They been a pain in your wallet for a long time, I can see that.” He threw his gear down on the ground. “Let us get after ‘em.”
“I’uz hired to slap leather and there weren’t no question about that. We both was hired to do what that damn Marshal Egan can’t do,” Dunn pushed.
“Well,” Dickenson seemed to think a moment. “We need you we’ll yell.” Apparently he had to check on something to insure his own men could do the job.
“Chow Call!” a voice rang out and the triangle dinged.
Dancer nudged Dunn and he too noted the drapes fall just above them as they walked toward breakfast.
“I got first choice on that,” Dancer whispered to Dunn.
“That’s manure,” Dunn replied with a smile, but not the affectionate wide grin of a friend.
“I seen her first,” Dancer said and ignored the implied threat. The two ate, worked the yard, and waited for Dickenson’s reply.
They also glanced up, several times, to check on the window where drapes pulled back and dropped the instant it appeared anyone could see.
Sundown came early. The three men went to gather in the bunkhouse and clean up their tack, gear, and weapons.
Dunn lagged some as the older rider and Dancer walked ahead. Dunn rolled a smoke at the tie rail and searched the horizon.
Snow had begun to melt in the sudden warm weather and rivulettes of muddy water creeped down toward the main road.
Dunn would glance here and there and then jerk a quick look at the window on the second floor of the white house. He smiled each time his eyes locked on the moving drapes.
Maybe this one? He thought. He decided he’d try. After everyone settled he figured to make some move. In the bunkhouse everyone looked fat and sassy.
“What about the big house?” Dunn asked the old man called Amos.
“Stay away. Grimshaw will likely kill you if you go there except to see ole man Dickenson.”
“Why’s that?” Dunn asked and noted Dickenson’s ears seemed to perk up.
“You stupid or sompin, boy? She don’t see no men. No one sees her. No one. Un’erstan’?”
“Right,” Dunn replied, but the corners of his mouth made a little tug. He picked up his soap, his towel, and went to the outbuilding and washed up, peed, and chewed on his lower lip thinking of the possibilities.
Egan was called to Cheyenne during the Summer. The Governor had appointed a new man to a post and the Marshals were invited to the ceremony.
Ellen remained at the ranch in Elk City. It seemed that after their honeymoon, Egan had been unable to find the Duttons earlier, Ellen had come down with morning sickness and nausea. Egan nearly passed out when he heard.
Bill left for Cheyenne on the stage from Casper. Cheyenne was a big town; there were, perhaps, as many a a thousand people there. Casper was a stage center, a long haul driver’s jumping off point; there were, perhaps, as many as sixty – or seventy – people there on good days Bill felt it was more convenient to do some of his work on the stage. Talkative passengers interrupted his thoughts, though.
He knew he had missed the Dutton brother, but he also knew he’d chased them out of his territory and likely only pushed them into Junius Ewing’s, south of Casper and east of Laramie and north of Cheyenne.
The Governor waited for the Marshals and when they arrived he asked them to be specially diligent in their search for the Duttons.
“We’ll do it,” Will Dean promised and every Marshal agreed with their own nods or mumbles. Bill Egan included.
“Don’t say anything. Don’t tell ‘em anything. If you get the goods on ‘em fine, but if nothing else push ‘em outta Wyoming,” the Governor said.
Someone muttered that it wasn’t fair for Nebraska or Colorado to just push them out of the territory. Apparently the Governor picked up on the complaint.
“You’re right. As usual. You’re absolutely right. And that’s not fair to anyone else. We have to capture the bastards, dead or alive, and I didn’t say that,” the Governor concluded with a wry grin.
“Gov,” Bill Egan said in a friendly tone trying to defuse the previous comments, “you know we won’t let on you’re a hangin’ judge at heart.” Everyone laughed.
“Don’t quote me on this, but I feel we gotta get those bastards to a hangin’ tree right after the fair trial,” the Governor said seriously.
Governor Granville Hankins was quoted widely and it was hard for territorial lawmen or Federal Marshals to ignore the impatient plea.
“Can I see you Bill?” the Governor asked as the meeting finally broke up five hours later.
Bill Egan and Will Dean were talking about coordinating efforts in the sparcely populated area around Ox Bow, White Cloud, and all the way to Casper.
“Sure, Governor. Five minutes?”
“Fine,” the Governor said and turned away to talk to someone else.
“George Dickenson and his crew are fit to be tied,” Egan warned Will Dean. The Dickenson ranch straddled the two Marshals’ territories and whatever the man did would affect both of them. “I hear he hired out some gunhands last Fall and added some during the Winter. If Duttons do anything it’ll cause him to go off chasing down almost anyone and there could be hangin’ and shootin’ of any stranger comin’ along,” Bill told his friend.
“We’ll be on his backside. You watch the front and warn me when anything happens. We’ll be real careful,” Dean replied in a tone that indicated only lawmen should be handling this case. “And Tom Horn ain’t no friend of ours,” he added knowing exactly what the Ranch and Cattlemen’s Association planned.
“Governor,” Bill Egan said as he met the Governor outside the room in which the men had gathered.
“I was just told a report has come from the north. Just outside your fenceline. Crazy Woman,” he named the town at the end of George Dickenson’s ranch. “A homesteader has been drowned with a huge boulder tied to his feet and tossed in the Crazy Woman River. A little girl was killed as one of the men had stampeded cattle into a squatters camp; she had been trompled to death beneath the hooves of hundreds of wild eyed creatures,” the Governor said.
Bill knew the man was given to hyperbole, but this was out and out incitement. Bill wasn’t going to be drawn in, but if the events were as the Governor said, half the territory would be up in arms over this. And rightly so.
“I’ll follow up. I’m on my way to Laramie to meet with the Army and then to Medicine Bow where I’ll interview a segundo and then to Casper where I’ll be with George Burton for a day. Finally I’ll quarter in Elk City for three days. I’ll be on the track of those people after that,” Bill said.
“Take a long time to get around to this bunch,” the Governor accused Bill.
“Nah. Shorty is already on it. I heard about this yesterday afternoon. He’s on his way to investigate,” Bill said.
“Investigate and get them. I don’t want the territory to end up a scene of a bloodbath,” Granville Hankins said.
Bill thought, If you just keep that inflammatory talk down we’ll do our jobs and more quickly than if you set flames.
But he said, “We’re on it.” He also noted the Governor’s man was taking notes furiously as the pair talked.
Bill finished his work in Laramie and with his horse tied to the gate of the stage Bill rode to Medicine Bow.
He mused about all manner of things on his way there and listened to the chatter of the stage riders opposite him.
“I guess we ought to get with that Hankins fellow and tell him what we think,” one man proclaimed.
“I unnerstan’ he got them lawmen together this weekend and chewed their asses about the outlaws runnin’ loose,” another said seriously as if the statement were a factual report.
“All them Marshals and Rangers do is sit on their asses and that’s why them Duttons is loose killin’ and rapin’,” the third man said.
Bill noted the woman next to him was quietly doing something with thread and needle.
“How about you mister? You as upset as the rest of the men in this state?” The noisiest one asked.
Bill made a pursed look go a long way and flipped back his warm coat and showed his US MARSHAL badge.
The coach was quiet from there to Medicine Bow.

Chapter 13
The Cattlemen’s Association was a group of men who used the land as hostage to the Eastern banks. For most of the men there was little honor and lots of pride. Some of the ranchers had taken the land and used it to their own purposes and not always to the good.
There were a few, like Young, who had seen their mortality come too early; mortality was only the fall from a horse away. He withdrew his support from the Cattlemen’s Association and denounced their tactics.
The Cattlemen’s, however, was a powerful group with money to spend on such as Bullet Mercori, Doc Burns, and Tom Horn. These men would hurt, maim, or outright kill homesteaders – or anyone else who got in their way.
Some of these cattlemen could be described as legitimate outlaws. They announced bounty on squatters who would occasionally harvest a rouge animal, make food for their families, and use other parts of the beast for clothing, shelter, or medicine.
Doc Burns and Pete “The Bullet” Mercori made Tom Horn look like a saint. Horn would kill for the bounty on the head of certain homesteaders who lead their neighbors to oppose the Cattlemen’s Association. The others were merely killers on a mission.
Doc Burns would kill for the fun of it: men, boys, or women; he took the girls or boys for his personal pleasure and when tired of them he would kill them too.
The Association Board of Directors and the Chairman denied any connection with the renegades and offered a bounty on the capture and conviction of several criminals. The bogus effects of the offer were obvious: they offered $100 for Mercori, $150 for Burns, but they promised $500 for some bank robber no one ever heard of and another $500 for bringing in a homesteader – Dead or Alive – “...known to have rustled four head of cattle from the range of the Rocking T.”
If it hadn’t been so obvious the lawmen would have been impressed with the offers.
No one, however, argued with the powerful Association. Though, Federal Marshals were soon sent to take over the en- forcement of the law in the territory; Bill Egan, Will Dean, Junius, and the others were charged with bringing law and order back.
Angus Freeman and Bill Egan had been traveling for days in Johnson County. Angus collected information from various sources and Bill had his own information. The two lawmen were able to put several ranchers on notice they would be held responsible for any deaths resulting from bounties they placed.
Egan faced the owner of the Circle C late one afternoon. Egan would rather have been in town getting supper, but he and Freeman had a job to do.
“George, you know your men have to keep the peace around here,” Egan told the man. “We only have a few of us up here, but we rely on you to help us.”
George Dickenson replied in no uncertain terms, “The law will be obeyed, Bill, as long as it is law I can live with. Them damn squatters and rustlers have taken too many cattle and poisoned too much of the land with their farmin’ to allow me to go on peaceable much longer.”
“I’m not askin’ any longer, George. I’m tellin’ you that this won’t last. You and I both know you can’t win this thing. I can,” Bill said and the implied threat of use of the military was there. “You’ll lose everything. I mean it.”
“I’ve not much left to lose, Egan. I lost a big part of my herd to the Duttons last month up on the north range. Even in the snow with all the trackin’ we could do they ran those cattle into the gorge at Saddleshoe and killed ‘em all,” George raged and Bill thought the man was near tears over the waste.
Apparently the Duttons had escaped.
“I got a bunch of men here who’ll take care of the next rustlin’ bastard that comes on my pro’pity and tries somethin’ like that ag’in.”
Egan stood up to the big man even then, “Those Duttons will be caught. Your men will be in big trouble they try to take the law into their own hands. Stop this now. Stop it before it gets too long in the tooth. And it won’t be a good war ‘tween us. It’ll be a war you’ll lose.” Bill stopped to be sure that George Dickenson understood. “And you will lose it,” the Marshal added. Angus put in his hand at this point. “Mr. Dickenson, you know how many men you have and you know how many men we have. Can you imagine what you would do if the military came into this because of somethin’ stupid one of your men did?” There, it was said.
“Boy, this ain’t no army issue,” George sneered.
“Don’t ‘boy’ me. And it sure as hell is. The government is just waiting for an excuse to send troops. The thing is, as Bill says, we can win and you won’t. Remember that,” Angus said, but he was restrained in his language.
“Where the hell he come off talkin to me that way, Egan?” Dickenson stormed at the Marshal.
“I give him the authority. And the Chief in Denver. And the Attorney General in Washington. And the President. If you don’t like it, well, that’s just too bad. You’re on warning here and now. Stop this before you go to jail. Your wife can’t run this place by herself and your daughter won’t last a minute in town,” Egan tugged his Stetson down tighter, pulled his horse around, and with Angus close behind they started to mount for their ride down the road.
The foreman stepped in front of them, however.
“You two set your nose in here and tell us how to run our business,” he spit at their feet. “You come again and come shootin’. You ain’t wanted.”
“Your business is cattle and ours is law enforcement,” Marshal Egan said firmly as he thumbed toward Angus. He added, “You keep to yours and we’ll keep to ours.”
“Our business is what we say it is. You keep your damn law dogs outta here. We’ll get them bastards and hang ‘em like we al’us has.” The man’s face was lurid.
George Dickenson had moved to the porch and looked at the by-play.
“Marshal, your big mouth and high idees got us in this hole and we ain’t lettin’ you or them rustlers get away with it,” the foreman Grimshaw said harshly.
It looked like a classic face off as the ranch hands began to crowd forward.
Angus stepped to the side of Egan and waited patiently; Angus took the reins of both horses. Gunplay or some action was at hand.
“Don’t do anything stupid,” Egan said low and evenly; but, ready he looked back and saw Angus had taken the pistol belt Bill offered.
When Bill looked back, Grimshaw suddenly lashed out with a left hand directly aimed at Bill Egan’s jaw.
Bill wasn’t much of a fighter. He was an athlete, however, and dropped his left shoulder. The blow hit him on the right shoulder instead of in the face. He rolled with the blow and quickly went on the attack. Bill whipped a right hand under the left of Grimshaw. The body blow was so well placed that Grimshaw whooshed air and fell back two steps. But the man was powerful and ready. He charged back in with both fists flying, knocking Bill to his knee with a hard right hand.
Egan came up in a bounce, once again under a flailing left, to hammer a hard straight right into Grimshaw’s nose. It split and began to bleed heavily.
Bill thought that might end it, however Grimshaw became an enraged bull.
The Marshal hit Grimshaw again and again. Grimshaw hit the Marshal, but only glancing blows. Bill thought the foreman might have been a good barroom brawler at one time, but out in the open with room to move there was little Grimshaw could do to corral the lawman. Bill almost smiled, but felt his own cut lip split widen. He too became enraged then.
A left to the heart, a straight right – a left to his own temple stunned him – and finally Bill blew a hard overhand right that knocked Grimshaw to his knees.
They stared at one another. Both gasped for breath in heaving raspy sounds.
The cold air brought clouds of condensation from their mouths and noses. Bill blew his into the ground and watched for Grimshaw to go on the attack once more.
The men around them, though there were only four, were cheering Grimshaw on and urging him to get up and whip Bill.
Grimshaw could not ignore them.
From his knees he rushed at Egan and they continued the fight in the yard, churning up soil, snow, and mud.
Grimshaw took advantage of a stumbling Egan and a right to the forehead had Bill Egan seeing stars and hearing tinkling sounds. It foretold his own doom.
He grasped Grimshaw and the foreman fought free and flailed another hand at the Marshal. Grimshaw must have seen this as the end of Egan.
Dead would be convenient, Bill thought Grimshaw wanted it that way.
Grimshaw pushed Bill back to the tie rail at the entrance to the yard. He couldn’t back any further. He had to make a stand or, surely, he would die. And Angus. A flash of Angus wife and the promise Bill made to her came to him.
And Bill held his own for a moment until Grimshaw made the mistake he couldn’t afford to.
He raised his head, when he should have tucked it away behind his shoulder. Bill could see the opening before it happened. Grimshaw was so confident that this was the end he wanted to see the results before they were final.
Bill threw the punch, a shoulder high right hand straight out. He threw it with all his strength. His right foot planted firmly in the otherwise slippery earth. The right shot across the short distance and landed on the left side of Grimshaw’s mouth. His head snapped back, his lips split open, and Grimshaw’s blood spurted everywhere. The man’s head whipped to the side and a horrible scream emitted as teeth caught the battered lips, ripped them open wider, and more blood gushed. Grimshaw’s right dropped and Bill threw a round house left over the outstretched arm of his opponent and that landed on Grimshaw’s temple just at the ear.
He collapsed.
Bill staggered back and held onto the tie rail. Grimshaw rose, knees bent, hands dragging, to try once more. He threw the roundhouse from his heels. It was amazing to watch the arch. It was a thing of beauty. It was a huge sledge hammer blow. It was coming from strength one could only imagine.
Bill could avoid it by merely nodding. And he did.
Egan stepped inside the blow and with all the strength he had left the Marshal threw a hard muscle drawn right to the heart of the undefended body of the fully exhausted ranch foreman.
Grimshaw let out a loud, “Oomph.” He fell, glassy eyed, to the feet of the stomping rancher’s horses nervously tugging at their tied reins.
Bill gasped a gulp of air, wiped his bloodied face with the sleeve of his shirt, and spit a red glop into the front yard and at the feet of George Dickenson.
Bill Egan took his pistol belt from Angus and began to wrap it around his waist; he fumbled with swollen fingers and what could only be broken knuckles to connect the buckle.
The horse trough was not fully frozen over, but ice hung at the edges.
Bill threw hands full on his face and thought he’d freeze to death even if he had survived the fight.
The two Marshals rode off into the late afternoon early that February. The wind was light, but the sun went down quickly as they loped toward the nearby town of Powder City.
The snow was three feet deep in the lowland and drifted up to twelve feet in the passes. The rough terrain hid many terrors, but the two were unafraid of the night. They were right and they felt good about it. Once Egan got past the pain he felt his knuckles, swollen and raw, inside his gloves. He sniffled, just to see if the swelling had gone down – it hadn’t.
He figured it would be a couple of days before he got done with mouth breathing. Dickenson didn’t let go. He kept up the argument even as the two men rode away in the distance.
He cursed the Territory of Wyoming, the United States government, and the two Marshals specifically. He said to his men that he didn’t care a damn for the pair of badge toters. He wouldn’t care if they were shot dead and men rode roughshod over every dirt eating plowman within a hundred miles.
“Dunn. Fennerman,” Dickenson called to his two newly hired gunnie. “I don’t want those two to see the light of day.” He walked into the house and waited in front of the fireplace.
Dunn stepped inside with Fennerman and smiled, “Boss, that’s a whole heapa trouble there.” He nodded into the distance were the two lawmen disappeared over a rise. “Those two men are bad. I think you doin’ some wrong thinkin’ here. We got fish to fry and them ain’t the right fish at the right time.”
“Draw your pay, dammit,” George Dickenson said harshly. He threw a glass at the fireplace.
He felt he’d taken enough lip off the whole bunch of them and wasn’t about to stand and let a hired gun-hand tell him what to do and how to act.
“Get out of my sight,” George said in a low tone. “Fennerman. You got any guts?”
“Yessir,” Dancer said stepping forward.
“Fennerman, get rid of that Dunn feller and then gun those other two,” George Dickenson said and went to his wing back chair to sit and ponder.
“Boss, I ain’t sidin’ Dunn, but why kill those two? I don’t see how we get nowhere doin’ that. We might’s well advertise for a new Marshal or, mebbee, more. They coulda brought one mean sombitch out here shootin’ instead of talkin’,” Fennerman said hopefully.
“You too?” George asked without looking up.
“No, not me too. I just want you to stop and think for a second. Why we doin’ this?”
“Goddammit, because I said so. Now go do Dunn then get someone and get them other two,” George ordered and looked his firey eyes directly into Dancer Fennerman. Dancer left the room and found his old friend in the bunkhouse gathering his warbag.
“Bud, I gotta tell you and I hate doin’ this more’n almost anythin’. But the boss tole me,” Dancer said, then drew his gun and shot Dunn, the man with whom Dancer had ridden for so long.
The men in the bunkhouse looked stunned. They quietly went back to their personal business.
Dancer dragged Dunn outside and put him in a wagon and drove off to the east. It was plenty dark and the body was till warm when Fennerman found a ravine deep enough to keep the boy’s body from being found by other than predators.
Fennerman returned to the bunkhouse. He said firmly, “Andy, get your gun, some ammo, and saddle your horse and two others. Gus, you too. Pete, you stay here and watch the house. We gotta ride some.”
Andy nodded and went off to saddle the horses. He grabbed his rifle and a box of ammunition. Gus pulled his holster from inside his bedroll and smeared something on it. Fennerman watched as he too packed his gear.
Then he walked to the house where he just walked in without knocking or announcing himself.
George Dickenson looked up from his chair.
“George, I took care of Dunn. Didn’t like it much. I’d ridden with him for more’n a year now. But we still have time to think about them other two,” Fennerman said evenly.
“No nigger talks to me that way. And that Egan is just too damned big for his britches,” George announced rather haughtily. He drew heavily from the glass of amber liquid in his hand.
“I’m not real sure he idn’t that big,” Dancer said, thinking of the opetions. “And, as far as the nigger’s concerned, well, I was in Salina when he was there and he’s a bad bad man. Like he had eyes in his ears and ears like a wolf. He’s plumb curly,” Dancer said and recalled the things Angus had done.
“You scared?” George Dickenson asked with a snarly voice. “You scared of a pussyfootin’ hightootin’ deputy and a nigger with a gun?”
“You know how it is boss. Sometimes you just know it’s not good and sometimes it idn’t,” Dancer advised.
“Well then, get outta my sight. I’ll take care of both of them,” George rasped.
“Cash,” Fennerman said.
“Fine,” George said and went to the wall safe and slipped the door open. He took out some money and tossed it on an end table.
“Boss, I never did say I wouldn’t go. I just want you to be sure you want your wife to be a widow,” Dancer said and pulled his gun. He shot George Dickenson on the spot.
He ransacked the desk, took his money and what remained in the wall safe; he found diamonds and rings too, but they were not ready spending-cash so he threw them on the floor.
George’s wife screamed as she came down the stairs clad in a night gown, robe, and slippers that looked like jackrabbits.
Dancer looked at her and sneered; then he pumped two massive .45 caliber bullets into her body – one in the chest and the other into her shoulder as she spun screaming. He slammed the door and went up the outside stairs, kicked open the door at the top, and raped the He wanted her to remember, but then there was nothing she could recall if she was that drunk.
He took the coal oil lamp from the bedside and threw it at the door; it missed, but hit the wall. The fire ran up the wallpaper and onto the ceiling before he buttoned his pants and threw his gunbelt around his waist.
He looked back at the chubby woman with a whiskey bottle at her side and looked to be asleep.
He shrugged, left the ranch headquarters’ house, and walked across the muddy wet yard to the bunkhouse.
The remaining two men inside came out and mounted their horses with Fennerman and they rode off. He handed around the whiskey bottle taken from the girl. Dancer told them they were in a whole yard full of trouble with the law now and it meant nothing to get killed since they’d likely be hung in any case.
Gus laughed that he’d died and gone to heaven last week in Casper with a fat girl in a whorehouse.
The other rider, a skinny gaunt looking fellow – Dancer could not remember the man’s name – whooped and spurred his horse on, the bottle held high like a signal to the world.
Fennerman and Gus caught up with the man. They yelled at one another back and forth over the thunder of the hooves on the well beaten path.
“We done bought a one way ticket to hell, boys. A one way ticket to hell!” Fennerman laughed loudly in the darkening day as he threw the empty bottle at some roadside rocks and listened to the splattering tinkle of crashing glas.
They rode their last time into town.
“Next lawdog we meet will kill us or capture us,” he said as they saw the twinkly light of Elk City in the distance.
“Kill ‘em,” Gus screamed.
“Pro’ly not,” Fennerman said and suddenly a fierce wind hit him and he didn’t think of it as an omen.
Perhaps he should have. Freeman and Egan were waiting.

Chapter 14
Bill and Angus talked over their plans to engage the other ranchers and see what help they would give the Marshals in their search for the Duttons.
The night lengthened and Freeman never once said anything to Bill about going home or leaving town.
The two men were nervous at the same time and to Bill it seemed as if Freeman, too, had that sense of doom.
Bill didn’t know, nor could he, how soon that feeling would become reality. A year. A week. Today. He never thought of it in terms of time finite. Only time infinite and “someday.”
The morning sun broke the horizon late that morning. The rain storms were over, the snow was melting on the ground in the cities; but, drifts over twelve feet lay in high mountain passes.
Bill watched out the window as he drank from his ceramic cup and heard Freeman rustle around inside one of the jail cells where the men and slept.
Bill Egan had thought about going home, but in the cold rain last night he had decided to stay in Elk City and sent a wire over the government line to the ranch house at BB:
“LATE STOP STAY IN EC TONIGHT STOP TRY BE BB TONIGHT STOP LOVE BILL” 
The Feds had put the line into the BB ranch so they could reach Egan at anytime, day or night, from the headquarters in Denver or the district office in Cheyenne.
The telegraph clicker started once again.
“HURRY”
And that was it.
The morning broke the plains, but Angus and Bill were long gone on their trek to chase down the Duttons.
As they rose through the pass at Big Horn Mountain the two lawmen fidgeted in their saddles.
Through a muffler thrown over his shoulder and across his mouth, Angus yelled at Bill, “I gotta feelin’, boss.”
Egan looked back several times and saw nothing, but looking back was a testament that he too had that “feelin’.” His alarm bell had rung several miles back, but he kept calm thinking all the while it was an unjustified nervousness and probably brought on by the chilled air.
“There’s the fort ahead,” Bill called to Angus. The night had come now and it had been a long day in the saddle with meager rations.
Angus nodded. Bill thought Angus either knew or agreed it was a place to stop.
Fort McKinney welcomed as many as came. The place was a supply depot for all the northwest army cadres. Bill had been there twice before and had been treated well. Today a place to tuck in on a bare wood floor would be welcome enough.
“Major General Patrick Meyers runs this place,” Bill explained to Angus. “Got a bunch of sharp and tough men here. Watch out for him, though. Got a mean way about him if you don’t do it his way,” Bill warned, with a smile, and Angus seemed to understand.
“No sir,” Angus said with a wry grin.
The two lawmen were about there when Angus asked, through a sudden gust of heavy snowfall and almost pitch black night, “They got a back way out or a ‘traitor’s gate’?”
“I think so,” Bill said and wrapped his face with the scarf, tucked his head down, and waved his way past the guards and into the compound. There were not challenges since Marshal Egan was well known to the post gate guards.
The Adjutant greeted Bill and Angus with some warmth. “General Meyers is off to Washington. I’ll show you to your quarters,” the Captain told the two.
“No need,” Egan said. “We need a quick way out if there’s trouble.”
“We have a supply tent down at the end of the Parade Ground. There’s access to a bunker where we kept emergency water if the Indians attacked. Now we keep store there for the troops. Down at the base along the back is a thin section of wall under the parapet. We thought we’d use it during any attack by Indians. Never had to, but the wall’s only about a foot thick there. You could kick it through if your were a-mind to,” the Adjutant told them as he finished a dram of what he called “Medicinal Brandy.”
Egan and Freeman finished theirs as well and stood.
“Thank you, George,” Bill said and urged the man to stay inside and out of the weather.
“You expect trouble?” George asked with a bit of a furrow to his brow.
“No,” Bill said casually and truthfully. “But then we both had that feelin’ when we crossed the highlands back there.”
“Ah,” was all George said and closed the door behind them. The pair walked, against a sharp wind, down to the far end of the Parade Ground where a sign indicated what the Adjutant had told them: SUPPLY AND EQUIPMENT TENT rations and hand tools Three riders went past the fort gate. They watched as the guard stomped his feet to warm them. The blue coated soldier’s shoulders were already heavy with snow. The three had eyed the garrison which was not overly active in the blizzard.
The guard has his muffler wrapped over his blue hat and tied under his chin. His Sharp’s rifle hung barrel down.
“They’s another guard inside,” Dancer warned. Even with the howling wind and blowing snow he thought he ought to whisper. When the others didn’t indicate they heard he said it again louder. The two looked at him with wide eyes; so, the third time he yelled and they nodded they understood.
Dancer watched from an angle out of the light glare from the nearby businesses. He saw the two soldiers talking and it looked as if the one inside was complaining. Probably about going out into the cold. Dancer smiled and nodded knowingly at the man’s desire to stay warm.
The first trooper’s hat blew up in the front and the scarf came away from his face, his hat tore loose and he chased it down the icy muddy road fifty feet or more; after he caught the broad brimmed blue cover he rubbed the snow and mud off the best he could.
The trio eyed everything about the casual nature of the guard post. And nothing, no movement or act, escaped Fennerman’s critical appraisal.
Gus turned to the other man, Dancer still didn’t know the man’s name, and said to them all, “Let’s go to town.”
At the saloon the drinks were warm and nasty and none of them liked the five cent drinks. But, as Fennerman figured, it would at least fortify the other men’s courage.
“Swill,” Gus said. “How about it Henry?” He pronounced the man’s name as Hen-er-y.
Henry nodded agreement and held up his hand for the bartender to pour two more drinks.
“Let’s sit,” Fennerman said, but it was more like an order.
The three men, it figured, would kill their enemies. Not kill for money, but they would kill because of a way of life.
The blizzard outside had already piled snow at every point in the community. The fences, buildings, and corrals, and even poles – fence and telegraph – gathered snow to increasing depths.
By now, Fennerman thought with a chuckle, ‘even them two soldiers oughta be near neck deep in snow.’ It looked like nothing would stop the snow except time. The white stuff fell through the night while the outlaws sat in the warmth of the crowded saloon. And the ugly dancing girls began to look better by the minute, Gus complained.
The three sat nearly head to head plotting.
“Dickenson wadn’t the onliest one what wanted them two dead,” Gus said and sipped at his drink. Before he’d been gulping them down, but he must have felt some need to slow down.
“Yeah. After we finish ‘em off the rest of Wyoming will know we done it and then we’ll be welcome anywhere,” Henry advised with a smile and bleary unclear eyes.
“Shit. I don’t care what ole Dickenson wanted. It’s just that they know us and if the word gets around what happened out there,” Dancer waved in the general direction of the Circle C ranch, “we’re likely gonna be pictured on on,” he stuttered, “every fence post in Wyomin’.”
“Then you figger we do these two and that ends it?” Gus asked wide eyed.
“Shit!” Dancer hissed harshly. “They’s law. Dutton’s say the law ain’t worth nothin’ if they’s alive. We get these two and that’s two won’t be lookin’ for us.”
Henry merely shook his head and without any comment he gulped down another shot glass of nasty whiskey. “Damn watered stuff,” he complained and then hiccuped.
“What time is it?” Gus asked.
“Time to do it,” Fennerman replied ignoring the man’s question. Fennerman rose after he told them the others the guards would be sleepy and unwary. “We can be just another bunch of weary travelers,” he told the two.
They re-wrapped themselves and went out to their pitiful and untended horses. One, turning away from the men, slid on ice made from its own water and fell and could not get a purchase on the cold icy ground.
Finally all the horses were upright and mounted and the three rode to the gate of Fort McKinley.
“Yo! The Fort!” the three raised their voices. “Yo! The Fort!” Fennerman called once more.
The gate was ajar, but no sentry stood at three in the morning, particularly this morning. Dancer Fennerman didn’t dismount, but heeled his horse closer to the cubby the sentry had been seen in earlier. One soldier was asleep, sitting against the wall, rifle at an oblique angle.
Fennerman thought, If he ain’t dead he’s asleep.
“No guard,” the outlaw announced to the others. “Let’s get on with it.”
They rode through the gate and into the fort’s sanctuary. On the sign attached to a wall of a building an arrow pointed and toward: VIP Quarters.
The three walked along the row of buildings at the southern wall. The doors were shut and no lights shone. They dismounted and Fennerman directed Gus to open the door marked VIP. Gus nodded and went to the first one. The place was empty as were the second and third.
The fourth displayed a visitor who woke with a start, eyes wide, clothed and under several layers of blankets. The loud report of gunfire was swallowed by the storm.
Gus killed the wrong man.
“Shit,” Fennerman said without anger or care. He scoffed as Gus whined that he’d shot the wrong man. “It don’t matter none. We’re as dead for a skunk as for an elephant.”
They backed down the covered walk and searched for another VIP room. There were no more. They eyed the east end of the grounds and headed, stooped over against the wind, toward the bunker.
A guard shack of sorts was dimly lit. It appeared to Fennerman to be the brig. A man sat inside looking at a magazine of some sort. Fennerman pulled back after his peek through the frosted window.
Fennerman shook his head. The other two wondered without asking. Fennerman shook his head once more. He figured there was nothing they wanted there and waved Gus and Henry to follow.
They went to the building marked: AMMUNITION BUNKER authorized personnel only ” A huge lock protected the contents. Gus shook it and turned to Fennerman who was looking around for anyone who might come along. Gus shook his head and Fennerman nodded, nose pointed toward the next place, a big tent marked: SUPPLY AND EQUIPMENT The tent was snapping in the wind. Even as tightly as the U. S. Army could erect a tent the wind was even stronger. Fennerman believed that if this tent were outside, in the open, it would have whipped to death.
He didn’t expect to find the two Federal Marshals in the tent, but then he couldn’t imagine where they might be otherwise. So, he searched.
This tent was secured from the inside. Fennerman’s knife flashed and a gust of wind caught the edge and whipped the tear wider.
Angus alerted instantly. Dressed and ready for action at a split second he pushed Bill on the adjacent cot, then rolled to the wood floor. Bill did not seem to panic either. He pushed the cot over and fell nearly silently. The pair grabbed their rifles in the quivering near darkness – a coal oil lamp in the farthest corner guttered a faint glow – and slithered to the edge of the mammoth tent.
They found the mouth of the old bunker in the dim light and fumbled into the opening for the escape passage.
Bill and Angus stood in the darkness and waited for their eyes to adjust. The soldiers, both Marshals knew, were in danger; but, just how much they couldn’t know.
There was no way for the Marshals to warn them and remain unseen and undetected.
So, they remained silent and hoped for something. Almost anything. They waited in vain. The three assassins heard movement, but having just come from the night they didn’t need to adjust to any light change. Undistinguished the noise blended with the storm and the cacophony of the wind. The lantern in the corner illuminated the room enough for Dancer to see a close-by lantern. He motioned for Gus to light it.
Light, bright and sudden, splashed from the finger flicked sulphur match in the outlaw’s hand. He took the lantern from the hook on which it hung. Four soldiers lay wrapped in heavy blankets and seemed sound asleep. Two empty cots, further away – one overturned – stood as testimony that there had been two men here.
And, Fennerman thought, not long ago. “Where?” he asked aloud.
No one answered, but Gus suddenly pointed to the large door at the end of the supply tent. It was partly open.
Henry moved to the side and slid along the edge of the tent. He couldn’t have idea where the door led, but Fennerman motioned for the man to continue.
A gust of wind came from the ajar door and blew the flickering light in Gus’ hand. The three men held still and Fennerman wondered what that was all about. He motioned Henry to keep moving and when he got to the door Fennerman motioned for him to kick the door open.
Henry did and stepped back. Fennerman fingered three quick shots into the blackness. Gus followed that with his own two. Henry waited a moment and then jumped into the space and fired five times in every direction.
Fennerman ran to the opening and noted that Henry had killed a bag of potatoes, several jars of pickles, and a box of prepared rations died in the hail of gunfire.
But, Fennerman noted with disgust, nothing human was among the dead or dying.
The hole in the wall showed were someone, probably the Marshals, had kicked through and snow blew into the room.
Behind the bad men the soldiers were stirring and one sat up dreamily. Fennerman and Gus both shot at the four, missing it seemed. The outlaws ran past the four and out the door with Henry following reloading his pistol.
Henry yelled, “Boo!” And the last Fennerman saw was four men tumbling to the floor behind their cots.
The three assassins ran to their horses which had huddled against the wind by the VIP Quarters tie rail. One horse fell just at the moment the men arrived. The other two, wide eyed, pulled at the reins, tried to rip them loose, and seemed to be headed for the gate only to be stopped by the tug as they reached the end of the reins.
Angus and Bill ran along the outer wall of the fort to the front gate. They found the sleeping sentinel squatting against the Guard Shack wall. He looked to be nearly frozen. Angus slapped the man’s face and pushed him upright, made him stomp his feet, took the man’s rifle, and yanked him around to face the door.
Bill pulled the other guard to his feet and slapped him twice to wake him as well.
The two Marshals yelled instructions to the soldiers to be prepared for three men.
There must have been some alarm as men broke from barracks and other buildings along the fort walls. Bill and Angus left the lighted Guard Shack and closed their eyes against being without any night vision.
Bill and Angus slunk along the inner wall toward the open gate. No new sentry ran to the opening, but men were running helter skelter around the parade yard. The flag pole in the center was a gathering point, or so it seemed.
Even the three killers would be amused by the “fire drill” atmosphere, Bill thought.
Then the Marshal caught sight of two of the men. They were astride their horses and one was running after them waving his gun in the air and seemed to be yelling at something.
Obviously panicky he started running for the wide open gate. Bill stepped out in front of the first rider and ordered the man, “Stop!”
Gus had an invitation to live at that moment. He obviously decided to decline the invitation and raised his pistol. It didn’t fire. Clearly, in the cold freezing weather, he had not wiped the grease off the action and even after firing it into the bunker the thing froze solid. Apparently the shooting in the tent had caused some grease to melt and then when he emerged from the shelter he had not holstered the weapon and the grease froze virtually solid in the -20 degrees weather.
He tried to pull the trigger again, Bill saw and grimaced, but it was too late to do anything as Bill had already sent his deadly cargo on the way and Gus was out of the saddle, falling to the frozen ground.
Angus waited at the gate as well. He watched the second man come closer and closer. The rider had his pistol out and flashes bloomed from the business end. Angus waited.
“Stop!” he yelled at the man. “Federal Marshal! Stop in the name of the law!”
But, no change in the onrush from the rider. Angus pulled the trigger once and the huge bullet from the .45 Colt Peacemaker plugged the man directly in the forehead. Angus turned slightly thumbed back the hammer, and held on the man who was not dead.
Both Bill Egan and Angus Freeman focused on the writhing wounded man.
He threw his pistol up once more and tried to fire, but his arm was extremely heavy, his eyes glazed over, his breathing was harsh, and the two Marshals felt the man could only see the snow falling in his face.
fate.
“Oh mother. Oh mother!” he yelled at the night as he realized his Bill Egan’s report said that of the two shots from his pistol one had taken the man directly in the chest and the other in the man’s shoulder.
Bill saw the bullets had torn holes in a man they didn’t know. The projectiles made entry wounds the size of a thumb and life didn’t ooze from the man; its flight was swift. He was gone before the last word left his lips.
After the man died the two Marshals learned he was named Gus Bitters. And they were no longer strangers to him.
The morning brought light to the deadly scene as the storm abated. The General was upset so much had happened in such a short time after the Marshals had arrived. He deplored the violence and asked the Chief Marshal in Denver investigate the circumstances and report to the Commanding General of the Army in Washington D. C.
Bill was sure his boss would oblige.
Meanwhile he and Angus searched the rest of the community for any other outlaws who might be a threat.
There might have been some, but they didn’t come out of hiding. Almost a year later the results of the report were passed to General Meyers and he read, deliberative as the report had been the reading was deliberative as well, that the Circle C was the beginning of the end for the three villains.
He endorsed the information and put it in his files. For his own information as well as his own protection in case anyone ever brought up the matter again.
They would not know, until much later, that the story of the gunfight was to spread to U. S. Army posts throughout the West and the exploits of Bill and Angus would be legendary before they hit the saddle the next time.
Egan and Freeman went to their horses, mounted, rode to the mercantile in Buffalo, and purchased provisions for a week. They used federal script. They were sorry to have to do so, however, they were out of money and the payment would be honored, but delayed.
The two rode into town and saw strangers’ horses in front of the post office.
“Hold it,” Bill said and continued down the street to the far end. Angus knew, somehow he’d accepted Bill’s ways, to stay alert and wait.
The door of the post office burst open as two men, clad in black, backed out the door. One looked one way, the other just backed up.
Neither seemed to notice Bill Egan sitting on his horse with Spencer rifle across the saddle. He was right out in the open and they would have a hard time missing seeing him if they paid more attention.
At the other end of the street Angus sat atop his horse, and as Bill saw, waiting.
“Let’s ride,” the taller one almost screamed at the bulkier one. “Where you goin’?” Egan asked and flashed his badge from un- der his coat. They could hardly miss seeing the Marshal. They’d cer- tainly seen enough of him at the trial five years before.
“Damn!” Clancy said and raised his pistol to shoot his way out. “Hold on there,” Angus said as he meandered his horse up be- hind the pair.
“Damn!” the other Dutton shouted and paused in mid-draw. Several businessmen stepped from behind doors with lever ac- tion Winchester rifles poised, apparently ready to take action.
The Duttons raised their hands and waited while Marshal Angus Freeman disarmed the two.
“Now we got you for federal charges of mail bank robbery and we can make this stick,” Angus said behind the pair.
Marshal Egan nodded agreement and put huge shackles on the outlaws’ wrists.
“Move along now,” he told the pair.
The trial was a function. And event. Everyone from all the ranches around came to town and celebrated the judge coming to town.
“What’s the evidence, Marshal?”
“Sir, we got two men coming out of the post office with guns drawn. They stuck ‘em back in their holsters and mounted to ride off,” Marshal Egan testified.
“And then?”
“They got stopped by me and my dep’ty Angus Freeman,” Bill nodded back to the prosecution table where Angus sat slumped in the chair. He nodded and raised a finger in acknowledgment.
“They get anything?”
“Don’t care, you honor. They was robbin’ and that’s the truth,” the Marshal said.
“They get anything?” the judge asked the Defense Attorney. “Your honor, these two mislead boys were merely in the build- ing and when they were about to leave one of the men behind the counter drew down on them and before they knew it they were looking in the muzzle of a .44 Winchester and afraid for their lives and decided to get out of town. They came to mail a letter to their Momma, but they must have been thought to be robbers,” the Defense put forward.
“Aw shit,” a juror said smartly. “Your honor,” the Defense pled.
“They get anything?” the judge said ignoring the remarks of both the juror and attorney.
“Your honor, all they wanted was a stamp. They didn’t even get that,” the Defense said. He reached down on the table and waved an envelope in the air as if to punctuate the claim.
“Lemmee see that,” the judge told the Defense.
“Sir,” the attorney replied and took the envelope forward; he seemed a bit hesitant.
“Ain’t even got an address on it,” the judge said with incredulous voice. “And they ain’t nothin’ in it.” He looked up with wide eyes and Egan thought the man was going to laugh.
“They needed a pencil to finish the work, sir. They had an envelope and they needed a piece of paper and a pencil,” the attorney said with a sad sad voice.
“They need more than that,” the judge said. “Guilty. Thank you jurors. Apppreciate your time.”
“Aw shit,” the juror said once more and the chairs scraped the floor. Then the man who was so vocal added, “We wanted to find them two guilty.”
“You will the next time you see ‘em,” the judge promised and turned to the Defense. “I sentence you to ten years for mail robbery and attempted mail fraud and ever’thing else in between. You goin’ to jail for a damn long time.” He paused and seemed ready to bang his gavel, but then stopped. “I see you two before, di’n’t I?”
“Yessir,” the older Dutton replied with head hung in a pitiful stance. “We were good boys one time. Went astray. And I hated that time in jail before and we,” he nodded to Clancy, “were intent on doing good. Wanted to write Momma and tell her we were okay and wouldn’t get in no more trouble.”
“Well, you di’n’t,” the judge said. “Hate to think you’ra lyin’ to me here to get a shorter sentence. Won’t work no how. Ten years.”
Seven months later they both were on the prowl again.
The two Marshals were greeted at Elk City by Edward who advised the two Federals that Mercori had escaped as well.
Angus read the bulletin and then handed it to Egan.
“WANTED FOR JAIL BREAK AND ESCAPE FROM CUSTODY THE DUTTON BROTHERS AS WELL AS QUOTE BULLET UNQUOTE MERCORI STOP DUTTONS AND QUOTE DOC UNQUOTE BURNS LIKELY INVOLVED STOPALL ARMED AND DANGEROUS STOP EXERCISE EXTREME CAUTION STOP NOTIFY EGAN IN ELK CITY IF SIGHTED WITH COPY TO DEAN COMMA EGAN AND NORTH IN OX BOW COMMA BIRTON CHEYENNE OFFICE COMMA AND CHIEF OF MARSHALS DENVER OFFICE STOP”

Chapter 15
The Duttons were seen in Montana. They were later spotted and reported to be in Denver. The trail led to every point of the compass. No one could contain them. One Marshal had held the Duttons for five days waiting for response from anyone, any lawman, anywhere. But the wheels of communications ran slowly and the response was a day late. The Duttons had been released by a judge who happened through Beaver Creek.
The Duttons, it was reported the next day, were seen with Mercori and Burns. It appeared the bunch swindled a farmer out of his horses as they posed as a posse; they left the man four worn to a frazzle horses and left with six of the finest the farmer had.
Clancy Dutton fancied Mercori. They were alike, Clancy concluded. Snaky fast and sidewinder mean. Vernon didn’t like either Mercori or Burns.
Vernon, it seemed, couldn’t buffalo either of the bounty hunting killers. He tried, but they responded by taking his money away from in the next card game. He threw his hat and kicked the table over.
It appeared Mercori was tempted to kill Vernon, but Burns thought it was humorous and laughed at the whole affair.
It made Vernon, Burns said, “...madder’n hell. Lak a wounded bear.” But then, after all was said and done, Vernon didn’t draw on the two vicious killers. He took his loss, but he didn’t like it much.
“A’ter all, it wuz my last five dollars,” he groused to anyone who heard him when he went to bed that night.
Bill Egan and Angus Freeman listened to all the mountain talk and heard that the Duttons and their new friends were after him and his new deputy.
“Jail house braggin’,” Angus said and wrinkled his nose in disdain. He was, apparently, unafraid.
“Well,” Bill said seriously, “let’s get ‘em in jail anyhow.”
When they arrived at the BB and saw Mr. Young limping around on crutches Bill shook his head that there would be little protection for anyone at this place. Not that Mr. Young wouldn’t fight, but the BB was a working ranch raising cattle and not a gun fighters’ haven.
Ellen told the two lawdogs, “You get those men in jail.”
It wasn’t a suggestion. It was a demand. She was getting heavier with her coming child and clearly wanted her baby to have a live and well father.
Finally the conversation came around to houses and living in them. Ellen had already discovered a place between Shorty’s and her father’s.
“A place the boy will be happy,” Ellen told her husband. “Okay,” he told her simply and let her have her way with the house and land they wanted. Bill said to Don North in town, “I have a proposition for you.” And just about then Angus Freeman tromped in, kicking his feet on the stoop, and wiping them on the mat.
Angus smiled around the office. He took a cup from a hook, waved another at Bill – who nodded – and poured two cups of the blackest coffee in creation.
Angus shivered at the first sip, walked outside, and Bill watched – smiling – as he saw Angus throw the black brew in a little drift of snow and head for the restaurant across the muddy street.
“I need a man to do the details of the office,” Bill said turning back to the local lawman. “I need someone who doesn’t have to go in the field and fight the outlaws. It need to have a man here to do detective work from my shoulders.”
“You askin’ me outta pity, Egan?” North asked. “Forget it,” he said and rubbed at the sudden pain which shocked him through his shoulder from a recent back-shooting adventurer.
Bill sniffed.
“I can do my job as well as I ever could,” North complained. “I may not beat them over the head like I used to, but I can do it with smarts nowadays.”
Bill waited for the man to simmer down. “That’s what I’m talkin’ about, Dan. Will Dean and the others need a man who can use smarts. I can still chase the rustlers and shooters. Dean too.” Bill sipped at the coffee. “And with Angus to share the labor for us, well, we’re out in the field and chasin’ folks. But there’s no one here to think for us. We think in the saddle and it sometimes gets boring talkin’ to ourselves.”
North snorted.
“Lookee here,” Bill said and tossed out a stack of reports, manpower use, and time spent.
North sipped at his coffee, turned, went out the door, tossed the black liquid on top of what Angus did, and went to the restaurant across the street. Bill thought it was just fine and drank again. He didn’t understand why they couldn’t drink this stuff.
He turned to the wall and looked over the isinglass overlay and saw the thing was about worn out with the marks made in chalk.
“I want to use North for our reports,” Bill said to Angus. The deputy nodded and made a satisfied look which seemed to agree with the boss.
“I don’t know,” North said and seemed to have changed his position slightly.
“You’ll have to go see Will Dean and work with him on his reports as well,” Bill said. “Don, we have to think more than ever before. We have to outwit the criminal instead of just chasing him. We’ll have to anticipate his every move before he makes that move. You have to develop that sixth and seventh sense about the bad guy doin’ his crime before he even knows it and does it. You have to organize the plans and direct the operations from a base. Here. Elk City. And coordinate that with Dean and Junius and the others.”
Dan sat without comment.
“If the Duttons come back they gonna know they’re committin’ suicide,” Bill told his friend.
“Egan, if I thought you had a narrow mind about this arm,” North held up the nearly immobile limb, “I’d tell you to go to hell. But, I believe you’re serious. I’ll do the job.”
After more conversation and arrangements Bill told North, “I need to get Angus up to Johnson County. That Horn fellow’s been caught. I think they’re gonna try him. Lynch him might be a better word. Save them some face. They hang him and get their respectability back.”
“Got any ideas about this place?” North asked. “You mean who’ll replace you?”
“Yeah,” North said.
“Try Edward. He’s a bit looney sometimes, but if he’s workin’ he’s good enough to be a local lawman. Particularly since you’ll be right here to help him,” Bill said and that was all he wanted to talk about right now.
“Think I can get him fifty a month and a place to stay,” North said.
“That’s twice enough,” Bill said with a smile.
There was a meeting in Elk City of the four close by federal Marshals and they planned to go to Johnson County to insure a fair trial. The next morning they mounted and were ready to ride.
“I don’t mind them hangin’ Horn. It’s just I want a fair trial,” Junius Ewing said before he stepped off.
Will Dean agreed and Bill Egan nodded. Angus rode with the men as drag.
Pete Field joined the men as they approached the county seat and the court house. They walked into the building as a group with dirty clothes, spurs jingling, and hats slapping their legs making dust.
The local prosecutor was fervent and it seemed to Bill Egan that the scene was like a revival meeting – excoriations of right and wrong with defiance of the laws of God.
“We call upon the jury to make sure they convict this heinous villain,” the squawk voiced attorney cried, “and have the Lord enter the jury room and visit his wisdom and fury upon the jury to condemn this, this,” he stuttered, “evil creature and after the conviction we may hang the guilty bastard.”
Applause broke out among the crowd while Egan, and Dean who nudged Bill, noted the ranchers were silent.
“They couldn’t wait to hire him and now they can’t wait to get rid of him,” Dean said softly.
The jury was out for only an hour and when they returned the verdict of Guilty, once again, the courtroom broke into applause while they disdained the judge banging his gavel attempting to restore order.
Horn stood and said nothing. He asked for a chaw, but the best that could be done was a cut plug of packaged tobacco. He nodded at the gift giver and smiled.
Horn remained silent all through the ordeal and then afterward as well.
“That’s that,” said Angus and walked with Pete Field to the local Marshal’s office. “Whew,” he added in relief. “Make that report now to Denver,” Pete said.
“I’m supposed to help you while we wait to insure Horn’s hung and they’re no problems for you,” Angus explained.
“I could plug him,” Pete said, clearly in jest. “Save the cost of a hangman.”
Angus knew Pete was a tough lawman. He was wiry, bowlegged, and looked fifty but was said to be only forty.
“Hey, Angus,” Pete said and nudged the other man’s arm. “Yeah,” Angus said. He knew exactly what Pete had seen. “Mercori, ain’t it?”
“Yeah. Mercori,” Angus said softly. “We’ll take him in and he’ll be meetin’ his ole buddy Horn in hell.”
“Hear he’s killed near sixteen people,” Fields said. “Well, now,” Angus mused, “that ‘uz yesterd’y.”
Bill and Ellen and young William Granville Dean, named after Will Dean and Governor Granville Hankins, lived with Mr. Young in the BB ranch headquarters. There was plenty of room, but the two wanted a place of their own. Will Dean’s boy was named after Egan and the Governor – Granville William Dean.
Ellen had asked Bill and he agreed that she could search for a piece of property that they could expand into a small ranch for when he decided to leave the Marshals. She thought, and told him, they ought to leave the “big ranch” – as they called it – to run itself since Shorty Page was a good foreman.
“We can sell it and settle into our own place,” Bill thought aloud.
“Something like that,” Ellen said.
Mr. Young didn’t understand why they wouldn’t let him give them a couple of hundred acres, even a thousand.
He did, after a long lecture by his daughter, feel he’d worked all his life to build a place he could leave to his family and they didn’t even want it.
“Not that we don’t want yours, Dad. It’s just that we want our own,” Ellen said.
“Can’t help you?”
“Thanks,” she said and went about the house doing what her condition would allow. She did borrow a BB surrey and drive to the west where a promising hunk of land on a rise was open for homesteading. No one, it seemed, wanted anything to do with it for some reason.
Bill rode to town to meet Dan.
Angus was with Pete Fields at Buffalo – a small wallow in the middle of nowhere that had a stable and a trading post. Angus Freeman and Pete Fields worried Mercori more than they thought, not frightened him, but chased him like a dog after a dragged knotted cloth held by a little kid.
After a week they both stood stretching and popping joints that had become stiff.
“I smell so bad I’d prob’ly chase a wolf off a five day dead elk,” Angus snarled. He noted even his horse snuffled when he came close. He knew he’d have to change clothes soon or they’d fall off. And he would have to spend a long soak in a lye soap tub.
Chasing Mercori was more of a challenge than he and Pete had imagined. They’d beat a trail to find Burns, but first order of business was Mercori.
Angus and Pete came across a man who had been killed while standing guard over a motley crew of telegraph line repairmen – they came out during a driving late Winter rain and sleet storm to repair lines downed both by the weather as well as by the vandals out to cause trouble.
The guard had been suspicious of four riders who failed to identify themselves. The man had demanded they stop. When they refused the man had called for the linemen to signal location and request assistance.
He must have known, Angus thought, that it would take several days before anyone could get there. Angus shook his head in frustration.
The linemen told Angus and Pete that the four riders looked like they panicked then.
“Their horses floundered some,” one of the linemen told the two lawmen. “One man raised an arm to surrender as George raised his rifle. Another shouted he give up. When the third man turned to run ole George looked like he was gonna shoot over the man’s head, but the last feller musta thought his friend was gonna get shot, so he shot. George turned and shot back. Both o’ ‘em ‘uz killed. Course we’da been hours closer to town one or both mighta survived.”
The report was mailed to Elk City and Angus could just see those that read the stories would shake their heads in disbelief at how tense things had gotten in Johnson County.
Mercori was a cry baby, Pete told Angus after the Marshal captured the outlaw at a watering hole; Pete met Angus at a crossroads later in the week.
“What happened?” Angus wondered while they ate a big meal.
“Aw, he claimed everyone but he was responsible for the incidents. He said whatever he done was at the order of this group or that. Hell, no one believes that. Cattlemen’s Association was guilty as sin, but he only had to say, ‘No.’” “We still gotta find that Burns feller,” Angus said and slurped up a big yellow dripping yoke of fried egg. He wiped his mouth and then put in two pieces of toast. Granville Hankins was glad the Marshals had stood up to the outlaws and made peace in the northern counties. But it had taken ten years. Ten years, grey hairs, and worn out saddles.
Hankins wired Bill Egan that he was delighted with the results. The Governor also wired Will Dean, Pete Fields, and Junius Ewing with telegraphs filled with congratulations. They had stayed with the battle and though the Duttons had not been caught, there were stories of their death, their capture in Washington, and even once they’d been seen in Mexico. Most of the chatter about the Duttons was rumor since the men and their side kick Burns were so elusive.
Bill Egan and the others also received information that Burns had been seen in miner’s clothing, women’s wear, and once disguised as a negro – he’d been noticed since he’d forgotten to put black charcoal on the backs of his ears.
At home, in Elk City, Ellen told him how she was feeling and he saw she had changed considerably over the years from a smart looking girl to a very good looking woman. The baby was growing and no longer a baby, but 9 years old. Bill often he thought of changing from reckless lawman to a bit more cautious. But somewhere in the back of his mind he’d been told that was the best way to get killed. After all, he’d done this job for eleven years now and thought he’d stay for a little longer. A job like North had, sitting around reading Wanted bills would be a good job.
Or, he added in his musings, I’ll just work the ranch. So, he told her what she wanted to hear and went about his business.
“Shorty said to tell you we got a telegram that the Duttons were in jail in Casper,” she told him.
He perked up then, took of his new reading glasses, and waited for the rest of the story.
“Seems they tried to swindle some miner out of a gold claim. He thought it was a flim-flam all along and went to see the law. They recognized the pair, put ‘em in jail, and trial’s supposed to be next week or so.”
“Still no word on Burns?” Bill wondered.
“Junius Ewing had him trapped up near Ox Bow. But Angus said the man got away by disguising himself as a woman,” Ellen told him with a wide grin. “Six feet and two hundred pounds doesn’t make much of a woman.”
The newest Chief Marshal ordered Angus Freeman and Bill Egan to attend a meeting in Denver. The two lawmen arrived, from Elk City, at Cheyenne early in the morning, paid their compliments to the local Sheriff, and were taken to the Greer Brother’s Gold Room for breakfast. The fine gaming establishment was closed for an hour to straighten up the mess from the previous evening’s uproar.
“We got quite a problem here,” the Sheriff complained while puffing on what looked like a foot long cigar, “what with opium being so expensive, you know, because it’s so far from San Francisco. And tonight,” he reminded the two Marshals whose train left early the next morning, “watch out for the women. They’ll rob you just as fast as a man will.”
“We ain’t worried about that. Got a night full o’ sleepin’ to do,” Bill said and noted an agreeing nod from Angus.
“Well, the opium bein’ as dear as it is, the users rob, steal, and cheat to get a few dollars for a drugged sleep,” the Sheriff warned further. “Been long since you was here last?”
Bill said it was and Angus said he’d only been to Laramie and that was as close as he’d gotten to Cheyenne. “Maybe Casper isn’t any further away,” he added with a smile.
They thanked the Sheriff for breakfast – apparently he didn’t have to pay since they all walked out without even a faretheewell.
The day and then the night went quickly as the two lawmen talked about their meeting and were brought up to date by reading reports sent to them from other Marshals around the territory.
Early, before dawn, the next morning they shoved, pushed, and elbowed their way to the ticket window of the Colorado and Southern Railway.
“Two to Denver and horses in the freight car,” Bill said and wrote out the Federal Warrant to pay for the trip.
The man mumbled something about six bits for the horses and two and four bits for the cowboys in the same car. “Five if’n the cowboys ride as passengers.”
“We’ll stay with the horses,” Bill said and took his kit with him. Denver was a huge and teeming multitude. The trackside hands greeted the passengers with disdain and seemed to have other fish to fry.
“Governor died,” someone said and that seemed to explain the whole attitude of the people working their way in and out of the depot.
The lawmen bought a paper dated, Bill had forgotten what day it was, November 2, 1889 and announced that the Dakotas were celebrating statehood.
“Gettin’ old,” Bill said and unwound his six feet two one hundred eighty pound frame from the bench where they waited for the horses to be led from the freight car. They would ride to the Federal Building.
Angus, stocky and bulky at five nine and two hundred pounds of hard muscle, leaned against the outer wall of the station.
The pairs’ gear was in two bags at the open door to the depot. Four rag-tag men passed. Suddenly one of the miscreants grabbed Bill’s warbag and ran with it.
The others blocked Bill’s pursuit, but Angus knocked one man in front of him down and yelled to Bill, “Watch the things.”
Angus ran after the man through the crowded early morning streets. Still cool, and getting colder by the day, the nights were crisp. Angus breath was cloudy as he pumped his strong legs and arms after the thief.
Still dark from the night only the light from a few gas fired lamps lit the way. Angus pulled his underarm pistol, his belt and .45 Colt Peacemaker remained rolled in with his things on the station platform.
The heavy bag the snatch-bag ran with gave Angus an advantage of speed. They ran down the street and behind what looked like an abandoned building. The dark shadows very nearly leapt out at them.
Suddenly the man tossed the bag aside and turned to Angus. “You ready?” the man asked, crouched and his hand held a knife larger than anything Angus had ever seen.
“For?” Angus said and held out his pistol for the man to see. “My friends will come along and we’ll slice you to table meat.
We’ll let you go if you don’t testify again’ them Duttons,” the man said.
Angus cocked his head and listened behind him. Feet pounding on the pavement came closer and closer. He wondered if he were in the right place doing the right thing.
“Duttons?” Angus asked.
“They go on trial. You’re the witness against them. You and that other,” the man spit the words out, “Marshal.”
“We ain’t even in that trial. Besides, I’m a fair kinda guy. I’d love to talk to you about this, but you see, I don’t have a knife,” Angus said with a plaintive tone.
“So?” the man growled. “Tell the judge the Duttons done nothin’ wrong and we let you live. We know where you got that ranch o’ yours. And the babies,” the man added.
“Well, I guess that’s what I need to know,” Angus said and pulled the trigger on the Merwin and Hurlbert .44 double action. Freeman had won the gun in a poker game – he also won considerable money – when he stopped to be deputy in Kearny, Nebraska nearly fifteen years ago. He wondered about the seven shot piece when he got it. He didn’t wonder any longer, however.
The .44 bullet traveled the short distance so fast that Angus thought the man fell almost at the same instant the trigger was pulled.
Ah, yes, Angus had bought his wife the obligatory gift-of-guilt after the poker game.
The feet stopped behind Angus. “You,” the voice said harshly.
Angus turned and held out the pistol in the traditional straight arm stance.
“You want something?”
The man looked non-plussed by the weapon. “You want me?” Angus asked once more.
“Ah,” was all the man said and spread his hands wide.
A fellow behind him stepped to the side; and, hand dangling beside a low slung weapon of nondescript appearance said, “Put that back in the holster and we’ll see how good you are.” The voice was ragged and evil.
“I don’t think so. You drop that gun you have and I won’t kill you at the count of three, take your gun out and lay it beside you, and tell the law you drew on me,” Angus said and smiled wide.
The man looked as if he were about to chance a draw against a gun that was already out.
“Don’t,” Angus said evenly.
“I agree with the man,” Bill Egan said and the audible click click of the hammer pulled back on the single action he held was a loud noise in the stillness.
The police released the two Marshal’s in time to have their meeting. And three days after the two headed north with memories of what they’d just done and learned.
“Wish I knew some of that stuff before,” Angus said on the train to Cheyenne.
“I thought I knew what I was supposed to, but they teach you new stuff every year,” Bill said and pulled his hat down for another few moments of sleep in the straw he’d piled up for a softer bed than the floor.

Chapter 16
Angus rode east and thought of all the years. He recalled how they had first captured the Duttons and was concerned that Mercori, Burns, and the Duttons were out of jail and on the prowl.
The horse seemed anxious to get home. Angus didn’t resist the animal’s urgency.
They passed through the gap of the North Platte and ferried across at Seminole. At the other side Angus noted the ring of horses gathered at the ever present whiskey dispenser.
The shelter the Army Suttler from the camp nearby was merely a three walled convenience with the back against the side of the cliff. The roof was a ramshackle thing with split wood shingles which looked cracked and crinkled. In really bad weather the thing, Angus figured, had to leak. He also thought, as he looked at the location, the place was somewhat protected by an overhang.
He boarded the ferry and dismounted for the ride across. When Angus reached the other side of the river he rode, once more, toward the home he knew would be warm and comfortable; even though it had started out almost ten years before as a one room hovel it was now a four room home with fireplace and bedrooms for each of the children. He and his wife slept on the fold down bed mounted on the wall in the living room. His thoughts turned to the grass he grew and the cattle he raised and the garden his wife tended with a handyman who came by during the season and helped around the place. The kids would soon be grown enough to help as well.
Angus attention suddenly turned to horses tied to a hitch rail in front of the whiskey suttler’s building.
The man at the end of the ferry ride stood shivering in the cold even as Angus noted he wore two shirts, two pants, two scarves, and had two fires burning nearby.
“You know who owns the horses?” Angus asked nodding toward the drinking place.
“Donno. Why?” Antagonism spewed all over the words.
Angus Freeman whipped open the leather long tailed bush coat and flashed his badge.
“Still donno. Come ridin’ in a couple hours ago. Been there since,” the man said.
Angus thought the five horses and five riders over matched him by two.
“What they look like?” Angus asked, never taking his eyes off the building.
“Tall skinny dudey dressed pair and two real ugly boys. Another one sorty unkept kindy feller,” the man said and spit from the chaw he gnawed.
“Seen ‘em before?” Angus asked and pulled his horse to make it stay still for another moment or so.
“Nope,” the man said simply enough.
“Be careful of ‘em,” Angus warned. He added just to be sure the man understood the importance, “They’re likely the Duttons.” He didn’t mention Mercori and Burns. Angus didn’t recognize the last man.
“Shee,” the man hissed and wide eyed a look in the direction of the horses. He turned and walked away from Freeman who heard the man say, “Joe! Le’s close up fer awhile.”
Joe responded with, “Why’s ‘at?” “Duttons, mebbee.”
“Whar?”
“Thar,” the bundled man replied and thumbed over his shoulder. The poler responded by pickong up personal things, threw ev- erything else on the ferry, waited for his partner, and the mule then they drifted out to mid-stream – about a quarter of a mile – and sat.
Angus needed to find a telegraph. His mind didn’t wander back to ponder his house except once to hope that his wife was well armed and dangerous.
He turned south to intersect Military Road – plowed and maintained by the U. S. Army for patrols in the area. His hair rose on the back of his neck several times and he looked back to be sure there were no riders following him. None were. None were visible anyhow.
He found a patrol. Looked large and important. Angus asked the Sentry to point out the commander’s tent.
“Angus Freeman,” he said to the Major who stood outside in the cold breeze. Then Angus showed his U. S. Marshal’s badge.
“Major Cavanaugh,” the man said a bit surly, Angus thought. “Need to have your communications man send a message,” An- gus said trying to put respect and the proper inflection in his voice.
The Major spit a long brown stream of something horrible in the dust at Angus feet.
“The wire’s for military purposes only,” the Major said and it seemed firm.
“U. S. Marshal’s business,” Angus tried.
“I’m not obliged to do anything for anyone except the U. S. Army, boy,” the Major said and spit once again, but this time it was a smaller amount.
“Major, I’m asking for merely the courtesy any of the federal people would share. We cooperate on any things. And this is important federal business,” Angus pled in the most educated and well pronounced tones he could muster. He figured the Major was a galvanized Yankee or at the least a sympathizer with the mentality of the reluctant border Yankees.
“Where you learn that uppity talk, boy? You tryin’ to piss me off or somethin’?”
“No. Sir,” he added quickly. “Just thought you might want to cooperate with another agency that protects the citizens of this territory.”
“Mock me again, boy, and you ain’t gettin’ nothing. Not even the time of day,” the Major said still standing with feet apart, arms folded across his chest, and overcoat rippling in the brisk breeze.
“There’s killers out there,” Angus pointed back toward the Platte, “and we need some help bringing them in.”
“Well, now, ain’t that just ducky. You want to send some tele-gram to someone? Maybe a Marshal? Maybe not?” The Major sneered.
“Yessir,” Angus said and tried to keep respectful tones in his voice though he was about to get angry.
“You show me this tin-pot badge, but them badges come and go so fast I don’t know I’ve ever seen a man wear one twict,” the Major said.
Angus replied, “Been a U. S. Marshal for ten years now.” And it didn’t work.
“You kep’ a job ten years?” the Major asked with complete scepticism. “No darky ever kep’ a job more’n first payday.” The man laughed uproariously and Angus thought the soldier would choke on the laughter.
The spit this time was more formidable than the last one, but it splattered far enough away that it failed to spot Angus’ boots.
“Sorry to bother you,” Angus said and pulled his reins around to leave the patrol’s camp grounds.
“Sorry don’t do it, boy,” the Major replied and Angus heard the click of the hammer thumbed back by the Major. “Guard! First Sergeant!”
Moments seemed to pass, but it was, in reality, merely heart beats when the Sentry came and at the orders of the Major the Private yanked Angus Freeman from the saddle and shoved, pushed, and wrenched him against the horse.
“Put this man under guard. I’m gonna hold him while we check his story. Don’t let ‘im leave the Guard Tent. You unnerstand? Shackle him so he can’t get away,” the Major ordered. He stabbed the pistol back in the reverse holster, and gave the Marshal a vicious stare. “You better be ready to answer some questions,” the officer growled.
“Major,” Angus pled. “Listen. Would I come here and ask you to send messages to the Marshal in Elk City and Casper if I wasn’t what I said I was?”
“You might wanna send them officers off in all kinda directions so the other killers in your gang could escape,” the Major said with raised eyebrows and that skeptical look appeared once more.
“Escape? Escape?” Angus asked, incredulous. “Gang?” He’d never thought anyone would question his trust. No one had for the whole time he’d been a member of the Marshal’s service. He found himself in a nightmare and wondered if it would be possible for him to just ignore this, ride off, and go home.
“Yes,” the Major smirked and pointed the Private off to some place down the row of tents. Angus figured the Guard Tent was down that way someplace.
A Sergeant Major strode up shortly and the Private waited at the hand held up by the Sergeant.
“Where you been?” the Major asked.
“Sorry, sir. Been seein’ to the men,” the Sergeant Major replied. “Well, follow the Guard. He’s to lock the prisoner up in the Guard Tent. Then send this message to the Provost in Fort Kearny.” “Sir,” the Sergeant Major replied.
“Send this too,” the Major said and handed the Sergeant a piece of paper. Angus figured it was a note of some sort, but didn’t know anything else.
The Sergeant Major read it and folded it into the pocket of his great-coat. “We won’t hear from them for a week or more,” he said to the Major.
Angus had a sinking feeling in his stomach.
“Well, keep the nigger under heavy guard and feed him with the other prisoner. He don’t have to have nothin’ too good to eat. We only have to keep him alive,” the Major told the enlisted man.
“Right,” the Sergeant Major said, but when he turned toward Angus he saw a different look, one of surprise and maybe a tint of anger in the Sergeant’s face.
“This way,” the Sergeant said and pointed the Private escort off toward the Guard Tent.
Both of the negro enlisted men marched beside the Marshal while the Major stood at the tent. Angus looked back twice and saw the white officer smile a mirthless grin. The Major waited until the men were ten tents down the line and thought he’d done the right thing with the man.
Why else would a nigger boy act like a regular citizen except to put somethin’ over on someone, the Major mused. Unfortunately for this territory there are not enough like me to see through those sneaky devils.
The brass bound officer then blew a puff of freshly lit cigar smoke into the breeze and watched it flit away.
He thought how intelligent of him it was to handle the problem this way.
“Well, boy, let’s hear your story,” the big black Sergeant Major told Angus.
“That Major didn’t believe it, so, why should you?” Angus asked.
“Well, cause he’s the Major and I’m not. And never will be no major in this here army,” the Sergeant said and ignored the Private standing there with a rifle and Port Arms.
Angus decided to try once more, “I’m a federal Marshal. We just finished a trial in Elk City. I stopped at the Platte River crossing and saw five horses at the Suttler’s place and it seems there were five men there wanted for all sorts of crimes.” Angus paused and let that settle in. “I came along the Military Road and looked for a good place to tap the line and send a message and saw you here. Decided to ask your wire man to send it.”
“Some story,” the Sergeant Major said with a note of disbelief. Then he turned to the Private and told him, “Get some grub for this man.”
“May sound like a story to you, but it’s the truth. I been a federal Marshal for near ten years now,” Angus Freeman told the big man with an arm full of stripes.
“What if the Major was right, you were sending a message to the Marshals to come this way and you and your gang were off somewhere else robbin’ banks and such?” The Sergeant Major glared at Angus.
“From banks and such?” Angus repeated.
“We got to be careful out here. Almost anyone would want to do bad things around here,” the Sergeant said.
A Lieutenant walked in just then and looked at the pair. His eyes didn’t seem to miss much and he stood stock still before them.
“I was questioning this boy,” the Sergeant said and Angus noted the enlisted man didn’t stand at attention as he had for the Major.
“You’ll be doin’ no more talkin’, you hear?” the Lieutenant said firmly and nodded to the Sergeant that there was an order for both of them.
“I hear you, but you got me all wrong,” Angus pled again as he had earlier.
“I don’t know anything. You’re under U. S. Army control now and you’ll do it our way or not at all.” The Lieutenant seemed to pause then and wonder what he’d just said. “You know what I mean,” he added to clarify the position.
“Well, then,” Angus tried another tack, “would you wire U. S. Marshal William Egan in Elk City with my description and see what he has to say? Egan will tell you I’m his man.” 
“Who’s this Egan fellow?” the Lieutenant asked.
“Remember that shoot out at Fort McKinney? That Will Egan,” Angus said and hoped they had heard of the legend of Will Egan. Then Angus added the clincher, “The man with him? That was me.”
“Ha,” the Lieutenant and the Sergeant Major laughed one harumphing burst.
Angus started forward and the Lieutenant raised his hand. The Sergeant Major stepped in front of the Lieutenant and warned him, “Don’t get in no trouble, sir. You hit him and he turns out to be what he say then you’ll get in some kinda trouble.”
The Lieutenant seemed to think about that. He flustered a bit and it looked as if he thought of himself as a reincarnated George Custer, aloof and haughty. He huffed and sat at the field desk to which he’d probably been assigned by the Major.
The flap of the tent flew open and the Sergeant Major walked out into the night’s crispy cold air.
Two minutes or less later a Private cracked the flap a couple of inches and said, “Lieutenant. You’re wanted at Post number seven.”
“All right,” the young officer said with resignation. “I’ll be along.” He looked at Angus and said firmly, “You stay put, boy. I’ll be back in a few minutes and I’ll make life tough on you if you do anything wrong.”
Angus merely nodded.
The wind blustered just enough to be uncomfortable for anyone out in it. The sides flapped and snapped. Angus Freeman looked around and there was nothing there to help him.
A Corporal came in and looked at Angus. He went to the desk where the Sergeant Major had thrown the keys and unlocked the shackles on Angus’ wrist; the other end was tethered to the bench on which he sat.
Angus looked at the man with a question unsaid. “Get.”
“Thanks,” Angus said rubbing his wrist. “One more thing,” the Corporal said.
“Yeah?” Angus Freeman asked as he paused before entering the cold night.
“You gotta hurt me,” the Corporal said evenly. “No,” Angus told the man.
“I gonna get in lotsa trouble about this. You gonna haveta smack me some hard,” the man said and looked to mean it.
“I hate this,” Angus Freeman said and knocked the man against the tent side.
“Not enough,” the Corporal said and rubbed the knot rising on his cheek bone.
“More?” “Yeah.”
So Angus drew back and hit the man in the eye socket orbit and felt as wretched as the man who had just been hammered.
The man fell back over the cot against the tent side. Angus reached over and grabbed the man by the lapels and crunched knuckles against the man’s defenseless mouth. Blood spurted everywhere.
Freeman then located his pistol belt, kicked the desk drawer and it broke into a thousand pieces. He took his gun, inspected it quickly, and jammed it in the holster.
“Thanks,” he said softly over his shoulder and ran into the dark. He knew where his horse was, but didn’t want to cause distur- bance by running toward it. He pinned his Marshal’s badge on his coat and walked with authority. He saddled his horse, put his leg up, and lifted into the saddle with an athletic graceful move.
He tugged the reins from the picket rope, and since there was no alarm he rode off to the east at a gentle and easy canter.
The negro troops had either been warned or notified of the event; or, perhaps, were merely ignoring a man of color riding out of the encampment. Or both. The pace was not punishing nor were there signs that Angus was being followed. He nudged his horse a bit faster, though, as he approached the Y to Medicine Bow. He took the north fork and hoped the prints in the road mixed his in and he could not be tracked by other than an exceptional man.
Angus Freeman’s plans were to make the peak at Split Rock before late evening, then to Horsehead, and there he could send the message. A bit late, probably, since the Duttons would likely have moved on by the time he reached the peak.
The horse was tired when they pulled into Horsehead at the base of the mountain pass.
“Grain, water, and rub down,” Angus told the hostler as the Marshal headed for the Western Union office.
“Hidy, Mr. Freeman,” the congenial fist-man said as Angus stomped in kicking mud and trail grime off his boots onto the mat beside the door.
“Joe,” Angus said and wrote the telegram he wanted sent.
“You in a heapa trouble,” the man said, but it was also a question at the same time.
“How’s that?” Angus wondered and flashed his brightest smile. “Army says you one dangerous hombre,” Joes said and handed over the text of what looked to be a recently received message.
“Some Major – I couldn’t make out his name the key man was so poor – warns everyone you are in contact with five other men and plan to rob banks, stores, and post offices.”
Angus read the words with a sly grin. “Guess he figures I’m the bad man,” he said.
“Looks like,” Joe said while tapping out the message to the Union man in Elk City.
Angus knew the Elk City telegrapher would tap it on to the ranch for Bill Egan.
The Marshal flipped a two-bit piece across the counter. “Thanks Mr. Freeman,” Joe said and tucked the coin in his vest pocket.
“Can I have this?” Angus Freeman waved the paper at Joe. “Sure. Never know when you might need it to catch this hombre who’s likely gonna scourge the West,” Joe said with a smile.
“STOP COMMA DETAIN AND QUESTION ONE NEGRO REGARD MURDER ROBBERTY MAYHAM AND EXCAPE FROM USARMY CUSTODIAN STOP CLAIMS TO BE USMARSHAL STOP NAME UNKNOWN STOP AVG HEIGHT AVG BUILD STOP SHORT CURLY HAIR STOP BROWN COAT STOP REPLY MAJBXXYCAXXGH”
“Couldn’t make out the name,” Joe said again.
“Just as well,” Angus said and stepped out into the cold morning air.
His ranch was an hour ride. The horse would be ready shortly and they’d be off. He looked for a place to eat since he’d had only short rations and jerky in the past twenty four hours.
Just over an hour and a half later he stood in the saddle and called, “Hallooo the house.”
“Welcome home,” his woman cried out from the open door. And the boys followed after with calls to their Dad.
Damn chickens, Angus Freeman thought as the cock crowed early the next morning.
Edward O’Connor, the Sheriff of Elk City, ended up late one evening in Miss Putnam’s bed. He had received word his mother had died in a fire on the Ohio farm. He got solace from a bottle of some nasty tasting stuff.
Miss Putnam helped him through the hardest part of the night and tugged him, sober now, to the back door of the saloon where he puked until he thought he’d died and gone to hell.
“’nuff,” he gasped as he dry heaved one last time.
Miss Putnam threw something cold and wet in his face which caused him to shiver to his heels.
Edward never came to the conclusion he ought to quit drinking, but at that moment he concluded it might not be too bad an idea.
“We have an appointment with the land agent,” she told him. “I can’t see,” he said trying to get out of the obligation.
An hour later the pair walked into the office of the agent and poured over maps and lay-overs to find the exactly perfect spot.
“We wanna put an Agricultural Entry on this property,” Miss Putnam said and filed the papers. Then she took another form from her purse and added, “And this Mineral Resources reservation.”
The agent smiled and agreed to do the proper filing.
Edward felt the land would never end up as Agricultural since there was not sufficient water, but Miss Putnam seemed to know what she was doing.
He had told her he didn’t like the way the place smelled, “It has this bad odor.”
“Don’t worry,” she said and patted his hand when they were putting the proper words in the proper places on the legal papers.
Edward had built a small structure – two rooms and an out building. He formed sod blocks around the wall to insulate the place.
They rode out to see the beginnings of their tomorrows. When they saw the smoke Edward knew something was wrong. He rode a little faster and as they topped the rise Edward had a quick intake of breath at the sight below them. The smoldering ruins of their homestead was disappointing to Edward. So disappointing he squinted to clear his vision and felt the cool tears stream down his cheeks. He never remembered a time he’d ever cried. But today was the worst day he thought he’d ever spent.
“Who coulda done that?” Miss Putnam asked. “Donno,” he said in a choking voice.
They rode to their property and he said he’d like to look for clues or something that would tell him what had happened.
He found the one that clinched his hatred of the person. On the charred table in the center of the room the word CLANCY was cut deep. That and the empty coal oil can indicated an intentional act.
“Duttons,” Edward mumbled.
The pair returned to town and Edward wanted to drink a whole bottle of whiskey, but he drank only coffee and burned inside.
The men in the saloon heard through the grapevine what had happened. The next day Edward and Miss Putnam rode out to see what they could salvage from the destruction. An hour passed and though they were blackened and grimed they still worked hard.
An hour after that they paused and Edward cooked a boiler full of coffee.
A dozen horsemen rode along the brightly glittering frost covered trail from Elk City, from the BB, and from many local small ranches.
Wagons followed several groups of the men.
It appeared that the range-rumor line had gotten to work and Shorty Page had not been far behind with details of the needs.
Another wagon came shortly after the first bunch; women with food baskets and large pots of coffee arrived.
Almost by magic a building rose and the men began to drift off back to where they had come from.
“I guess I ought to go check on my horses and get back to town,” Shorty said.
“Can’tcha stay?” Edward asked.
“Naw. Thanks anyhow,” Shorty Page said and left. Edward and Miss Putnam stood on their land and waved. “Listen, boy,” she said to Edward.
Sheriff O’Connor stood there waiting for the rest of whatever the new lecture would be about.
“I’m not marrying you outta gratitude, Mr. O’Connor,” she said and added that he was the best man in town, had treated her properly, and he was a hard worker.
“Well, I don’t know if you really love me,” he whispered and walked toward the house.
“Love can come along later. I don’t worry about it, Mr. O’Connor,” she told him.
“We gotta call one another somethin’ other than Miss Putnam and Mr. O’Connor,” Edward said. The next day Miss Putnam went to town and emptied out her room, threw away the tawdry jewelry, and packed up only the sensible clothing.
“Just when things were goin’ good,” the saloon man said as he leaned on the door jam and pulled deeply on a long thin cigar, “I gotta go find me a new whore.” He shook his head and walked away.
She sat on the edge of her bed and counted the coins and bills from the leather purse she took from her bed.
Four hundred fifty dollars, she thought.
The mail box at the post office was filled with letters from all sorts. One was thick and official looking.
Edward cleared out the junk from the welcome stuff and turned to her.
“Whatchagot?” he asked.
“Seems the Royal Sudsbury Exploration Company wants to file for mineral exploration rights on the land we homesteaded. They need your permission to use your Mineral Exploration Petition as their contract,” Miss Putnam said.
“You done it,” he reminded her.
“Well, it was only to cover the chance. I didn’t like the smell any more than you did,” she said with a sly smile.
The letter, she explained, further advised his signature on the enclosed agreement would allow the company to proceed to explore for oil on his property and would be followed by a signatory fee in excess of anything he had ever seen in his life – one thousand dollars.
The corporation advised legal documents would be drawn up and he ought to consult with his attorney. Also they would like to have the interest in their favor for five years from what they called, “...the above date.”
“I got a confession,” Edward said. “What is it?” she asked.
“I kilt a man oncet,” he said.
So, to seal their contract with one another they married quietly and quickly with the Justice of the Peace when he came through town that week; then they took a stage to Casper to see an attorney, and straighten out the killing.
That all done – the attorney increased the ante for the Royal Sudsbury – the final issue was the killing in South Dakota. “I’ll look into it,” the attorney said.
A month later a letter came from Royal Sudsbury and the thousand dollars increased to ten thousand and the royalties were increased from a tenth of a cent per barrel to a quarter of a cent per gallon.
“Looks like we done something right,” Edward told his wife Louise.
“Yep,” was all she said with a wide grin.
The workmen came to the site to check the mineral rights and while they were at it Edward returned to work as the Sheriff at Elk City.
He read the reports that the Duttons had been practicing a special form of evil. The Dutton brothers, Bullet Mercori, Doc Burns, and – what the outlaws called the newest workman of the gang – Zeke apparently had entered the latest and meanest of all efforts to take money from innocent people, bank robbing and killing witnesses.
He took the reports home with him to the dome that night and wanted to finish them. He fell asleep and woke with a start as Louise rose to begin breakfast.
He cleaned up, returned to read the last of the story, ate a biscuit, drank two cups of coffee, and whistled a little whewee. Louise must have wondered what that was about since she looked over his shoulder and seemed to read the report.
As if to confirm his thoughts she said, “You’re right.” Then she too whistled.
It looked like the Duttons weren’t comfortable being chased all over the state or bordering ones either for that matter.
Egan’s report said he’d been chasing them since they broke jail in Casper and was hot on their trail.
Edward excused himself and dressed. He turned and Louise looked at him with a little tilt to her head.
“Goin’ to work. Be gone for a while,” he said simply. “After the Duttons I suppose,” she said.
“Somethin’ like that,” he responded and didn’t want to defend his actions to his new wife in their new house. It had to be a decision he made. No talk. No chatter. No confusion with any alternatives. He made his decision and that was it.
“Be careful,” she said and smooched him on the cheek. “I will,” he said and closed the door behind him.
“I want them over their saddles,” the Chief Marshal from Denver told Egan after the meeting with local lawmen.
“Hangin’ ain’t good enough?” Bill asked with a sly grin.
“I didn’t say that,” the Chief said and grinned back. “Justice can be swift and sure in their cases, however. I doubt the courts will hold us responsible if the Duttons and their gang resist when you all bring them in wrapped in saddle blankets.”
“I won’t be wasting any bullets, but I warn you this is gonna be a war,” Bill advised and jammed his hat on his head.
Freeman, standing just to the side of Will nodded agreement. “Gotta go see the kids. Grown up lots now. After that Angus and I’ll be on the trail of the Duttons,” Bill said and watched for disagree- ment from his boss. None came, so the two rode out of Fort Collins heading north toward their homes and then to work.
The engineers on the seismic crew were sitting at a long bench table pouring over papers. The wind picked up and whipped the edges. The men pointed here and there with their fingers tracing lines on the papers.
The yard was full of pipes, things on tripods, rods of various lengths, and noisey things going bumpa-bumpa-bumpa all day and even some of the night.
Louise watched them from the window on the north side of the little house. She smiled at the security this would bring Edward and her. She needed reassurance now and Edward was a part of it. She hadn’t told him. But the doctor had said the child was healthy and would be born in about six months.
She could only wonder why it would happen now after two years in a crib in Elk City.
The doctor had explained things in medical terms and then said, “It could be part psychological as well.”
Louise asked and when he couldn’t reply with anything specific, “The mind is a curious thing and can do for you what you want.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“I donno,” he said and shrugged as if there was nothing else he could say. But, almost as if an after-thought, he added, “If you want something like this bad enough, sometime just wanting it is enough.”
Louise smiled as she remembered the conversation; but now, she went about her business.
A voice called from outside the house, “Mrs. O’Connor?” “Yes?” she replied as she opened the door.
He was a dirty man. A roll of papers was under his arm. He had a frown that worried her.
“We got a little problem here,” he said and the frown deepened. “What’s that?” she asked and waited for the bad news.
He tried to explain in laymen’s terms. The let down when he told her was, “There’s very little oil.”
She deflated quite a bit and at the same time had a deep sense of relief that this was the end of dreams and a massive amount of reality would not hurt a bit.
“The shale layers,” he said as if trying to soothe her, “indicate no oil within any distance here.” Then as if he needed to keep talking – Louise almost ignored him and felt like turning away – he continued the geology report, “The engineers and seismic people have, on the other hand, discovered one of the largest domes of natural gas they’ve ever located.”
Louise had the sudden premonition that reality was not going to visit after all and like a school girl she wanted to jump up and down and shout. But she didn’t.
“That means?” she asked – just to be sure.
“Well, you’ll still be very wealthy. Probably not as much per month, but for a lot longer time. Natural gas tends to last longer and we’ll be here renting space for some years to come,” the man said and a wide smile spread over his face.
“Thank you,” Louise said evenly, but couldn’t resist a big grin of her own.
When Edward heard the news he told her, “This is exactly what happened to Will Dean over to Ox Bow. Must be Wyomin’ is the cover over some gas pocket.”
She told him about the baby and then they celebrated with raised cups of coffee and big hugs.
“I gotta get them Duttons put away so we can live without fear of ‘em comin’ back,” Edward said and set his cup aside. He added, “Ever.” He closed his eyes and yawned.
“Tomorrow?” Louise purred into his ear. “Yeah,” he smiled, “tomorrow’s soon enough.”
The gathering of lawmen in Elk City was a gathering of the finest badge toters in Wyoming. Junius came with his big roan that could run, it seemed, forever. Pete Field walked into town on his barrel lunged brute that needed only a little rest every day or so. Dean came from the west with a white stocking footed mustang that challenged someone to run from him. And Egan had his long winded Apaloosa tied to the rail in front of the office. And Angus Freeman’s animal looked like it would fall down after the first hundred yards; but, no one ever tested the animal – it was a mule – because of the reputation. Angus would merely smile when someone gave a disparaging remark to him about the beast.
“Want to race?” he’d ask and wiser heads would advise against any such venture.
After the meeting let up Pete Field and Bill Egan rode north toward Mid City. Will Dean and Junius offered to cover the wagon traces up toward the pass to Buffalo and Sheridan. Angus and Edward volunteered to drift off south and west toward Ox Bow. U. S. Marshal Bill Egan and U. S. Marshal Pete Field rode into Mid City – a ten store burg without distinction – ten miles north of the Johnson County line, just across the South Fork of the Powder River. They looked around and agreed there was nothing of interest to them at first glance.
Horses at the hitch rail at the mercantile were usual. The saloon, even at this hour of the day, had two horses. Nothing remarkable about that. The saddlery had only wagons tethered in front.
Field raised a left hand just slightly as it appeared to Bill that hackles must have been raised. Field nodded to the tie rail around the corner of Main Street at the side of the Bank of Mid City.
Egan jerked his head to the side and moved to the alley behind the businesses.
Field went straight ahead.
Pete Field had been a U. S. Marshal for almost fifteen years. Pretty near as long as Will Dean and only a few days longer than Bill Egan. And it was not long enough to make him incautious.
Pete dismounted at the bank. He put pebbles under the saddles of one of the horses there. He put a twig under the fender of the other horse.
If anyone tries to ride these cayuses, he didn’t finish the thought with more than a sly smirk. The animals gave a couple of shivers and then settled down.
He noted Egan had ridden up behind the bank, turned and came down the side to a position next to the back window.
Pete looked through the front window and noted two cowboys waited at a cashier’s window while an elderly woman finished tucking a bank book in her purse, tugged her purse strings, and turned to leave.
The two men tipped their hats as she left and Pete noted the straight, stringy, oily, greasy hair of the one; it was the Mexican Torres. Pete nodded his head to himself and opened the door. He noted Torres looked up, but appeared to ignore the intrusion.
The long black curly locks hung from under the fedora the other man wore.
Damn, “Bullet” Mercori, Pete thought with a small almost imperceptible smile.
Marshal Field turned to the wall desk to complete some paper form there. He looked up and saw, in the reflection of the polished sign over his head, Mercori had a sinister grin on his face as he passed a note to the teller.
Field also noted the pistol Mercoi carried was now out and onto the counter in front of the teller.
“A withdrawal?” the man asked the outlaw. “Yessir,” Mercori replied.
The clerk seemed to tremble and the manager was tallying some figures or something in a huge ledger book.
The manager joined the teller as they both now trembled at the sight of the pistol Mercori had. It was pointed at both of them.
Field noted that Torres turned toward the wall where the Marshal was doodling on some bank form.
“Senor,” the Mexican said.
Pete Field ignored the question. “Senor!”
Pete looked around and turned back to his form. “I speek to you, senor.”
“Me?” Pete asked innocently.
The words the Mexican said were deeply accented and Pete did have a bit of trouble understanding the man. So, Marshal Field remained facing the wall.
“Yais, I speek to chew,” the outlaw said harshly. “What?”
“Purcher gun on the shelf in front of chew,” Torres ordered. “My gun?” Pete asked.
“Si, chewer gun. Poot eet there,” Torres said and pointed to the spot where the pistol ought to be.
“This one?” Pete lifted his pistol carefully with two finger and lay it on the shelf.
“Si,” the man said.
“Not this one?” Field asked turned with the .44 with the short 4 inch barrel which he carried in a concealed shoulder holster. He shot the bank robber in the chest.
Torres surged backward, arms wide, and splattered blood over the bank wall.
Bill yelled, through the window, “Mercori! Don’t move!”
The “Bullet” turned and in his haste snagged his revolver on the edge of the window bars which protected the teller.
Pete hammered back and two shots rang out. One from the window and one from the lifeless hand of “Bullet” Mercori.
The robber rammed against the counter, slid to the floor, and bled very little since he was dead before he started sliding.
“You all right?” Egan called through the window.
“Yeah, how about you?” Field asked holstering all of his artillery. “Looks like one dead Mexican and one dead outlaw; a teller passed out,” Pete said looking over the edge of the counter to the teller with eyes rolling around in his head, “and one banker hiding behind the safe.”
The local town Marshal came running from the saloon. It seemed his clothing was mussed and his hair was only finger combed.
“Where the hell?” the man yelled.
“It seems you missed all the fun,” Pete Field said and flashed his Marshal’s badge; Bill Egan did as well. “Them two,” Pete waved a hand at the two dead men, “tried to rob the bank and they just didn’t have any luck. ‘Bullet’ Mercori and a Mexican named Torres.”
The man stood slack jawed and didn’t seem to know what to do next.
Egan tugged at the man’s sleeve and offered him advice, “Get these two outta here and have a swamper come clean up the mess. The bank needs to be open.”
“Yeah. Yeah. I see,” the man mumbled, turned and gave the orders, and then went around the bank room trying to get things into his mind. “Need you to write me something.”
“We’ll be over at your office,” Pete said and Egan nodded agreement.
“By the way,” Egan added, “it would be good if you wrapped these two up in tarps, tie ‘em to their saddles, and we’ll bury them.”
Pete looked to Egan with wonder.
“I don’t want them buried in just any ole Boot Hill. I want ‘em in mine,” Egan explained with a stern look.
Angus Freeman and Edward O’Connor walked their animals easily into the back country west of Elk City. The cabin the Duttons had stayed in earlier was tucked into the blind canyon. The Sheriff and the Marshal both knew where it was. After all these years, they agreed, it ought to be tumble down and uninhabitable.
“But,” Angus said with a sure knowledge of what needed to be done, “we better check.”
Marshal Freeman knew why Bill Egan was determined to cancel the Duttons as a criminal force in the area. There was no need to have them causing such evil when peace and security were just a matter of getting rid of their breed.
Egan had told Freeman, “After ‘most seventeen years at this business I think I’ll holster this gun forever as soon as we get the Duttons finished.”
Freeman had replied, “Me too.” Then he thought, Specially since there’s no one I want to ride with if you’re done.
“I’ll send the boy off to Arizona to fix up the old place,” Egan said in a thoughtful tone.
“Your boy and the Dean boy went to university together?” Angus asked.
“Graduate this Spring. They did real well,” Egan smiled proudly.
Then Angus and Edward had ridden off to find what they could about the cabin in the canyon.
Edward and Angus sat at the stream-side and looked up the arroyo and both had their own thoughts about their tomorrows.
“How’d you come to be a fed-er-al Marshal?” Edward asked in a low tone. It seemed he didn’t want to intrude on the silence of nature.
“Egan asked me,” Angus replied equally quiet. And for the same reason.
“That’s it?” Edward asked.
“Yup,” Angus replied, pulled his mule away from the water, and heeled the animal forward.
They rode another mile or more into the deep sided chasm. The sun shone only on the upper reaches and it seemed as if it might never touch the bottom where their mounts were.
“Sun’s not right,” Edward whispered and pulled away as far from Angus as the Sheriff could get.
“Yeah,” whispered Angus.
“Camp up yonder and go at ‘em in the mornin’?”
“Best idea,” Angus replied softly; he held his mule still while he listened for any sounds. Only birds, blowing breeze rustling the aspens, and rushing water in a rill just ahead.
Early in the morning, after a quick smokeless fire and hot coffee, the boys saddled, mounted, and stepped forward gently to meet whatever the day might bring.
“Goin’ to town?” Vernon asked and yawned. His coffee was low in the cup and there was no fresh to add to the already burned twice grounds.
“Nah,” Clancy replied while he whittled at his two day growth of whiskers. He used a knife nearly as big as some swords. And likely sharper than most.
“All dressed up,” Vernon said and yawned.
“I like lookin’ good,” Clancy replied without any change of expression while he scraped his neck.
“If I uz you I wouldn’t go to town no how,” Vernon said and swished the last of his drink around and swilled it.
“Egan?”
“And Dean and the whole bunch of ‘em. I heard that nigger Marshal is the baddest of ‘em all for shootin’ someone just cuz,” Vernon said.
“Hell, Egan ain’t no small town do-de-do. He’s a ring tailed hooter and dyno-mite biter,” Clancy said as he wiped his knife dry.
“Hear he’s liable to scald your ass,” Vernon chided.
“Scald mine? Not so sure a-bout that, but I know he’d plumb scrape you up with a dust pan he come across you,” Clancy said not about to be ante-upped.
“You one tough cookie,” Vernon said and laughed at his brother.
“Long as I don’t have to face Egan, Dean, or that Field fellow who killed Burns and Mercori – I hear with one bullet,” Clancy laughed, “or that what’s’isname Freeman feller, then I’m fine.”
“That’s about the extent of them lawmen around here, brother. They ain’t nothin’ but them tin horn local hire that could bother us. And short of Casper they ain’t no one,” Vernon said sure of his comment.
The door opened and Doc Burns came in from the cool morning. “You done out there?” Vernon asked, stood, and headed for the out house.
“Done as I can get after eatin’ nothin’ the last couple days. Shittin’ wind.”
Vernon hocked up a big spit and opened the door. He stopped in his tracks. Looking directly into the sun he knew he was in big trouble. His gun belt hung from the back of the chair beside the stove, his hands were unbuttoning his pants, and a huge lung-cleared glob filled his mouth.
Clancy, behind Vernon, said, “Go’damn.” And that was all.
Angus Freeman smiled and stepped to the side.
Edward O’Connor dismounted carefully and stepped the other way.
“You boys comin’ out with yore hands full of air and sky high,” the Marshal said.
There was hesitation.
“We mean it,” Edward O’Connor said seriously.
The black man coughed and said, “You got tickets to ride the train.”
“Train? We ain’t goin’ no place,” Clancy said.
Vernon was silent and his cheeks puffed. He wondered what “Doc” Burns was doing about this minute.
“Sure you are. The Glory Train leaves in ten seconds. You gonna be on it ‘less come out with your hands high,” Marshal Freeman said and there was the deepest, evilest, meanest quality to the remark Vernon thought he’d ever heard.
He raised his hands slowly and with a finger pointed to his mouth.
“Woo-haa!” Clancy shouted and Vernon peed his pants, jumped out of the way, and spit all at the same time.
Pee ran down his leg, a bullet from someplace hit him in the side and knocked him under the house, and the spit flew like a yellow balloon out into the bare ground.
He didn’t see what happened next as everything went black and silent. Clancy figured he’d done it as fast as he’d ever. The long barreled pistol came out, he thumbed the hammer back, and thought, Damn I’m fast. Fast! Then he shouted, “Damn I’m fast.”
He put a big grin on his lips as he was sure the two bullets he got off were headed right where he’d aimed them.
Then things went sour on him. He felt his gorge rise and thought he would vomit.
Then everything went black. And silent.
“Resta you men, ya’ll come out with your hands up!” Angus yelled.
Edward moved to the side further and found Clancy’s gun. The Sheriff kicked it out of the way in case Clancy had any life left in him.
Edward had never fired a shot, but that was mostly because Angus had fired twice, then a late third time and everything went quiet. The sound of the booms echoed off the walls of the canyon and reverberated four or five times.
He’d never seen anyone draw that fast and shoot that straight. “I’m comin’, I’m comin’,” a voice from inside the cabin cried. “It’s ‘Doc’ Burns,” Angus said and waited with his gun out and level.
“Move a twitch and you’ gonna die, you hear?” Edward said. It wasn’t a question.
“Yeah. Yeah,” the former outlaw now prisoner said meekly. “Ya’ll cleaned that mess up nice like,” Egan said when the bodies were underground, Burns off to the jail house in Casper, and the paperwork all done.
“Thanks for letting me help,” Edward said and unpinned his badge.
Edward O’Connor wouldn’t be needing it any longer. He had his work cut out for him counting his money, Egan figured.
“Me too,” Angus said and unpinned his badge. “I’m gonna go work on the ranch. Ten years is plenty long to be doin’ this,” he said and it looked as if the weight of his work lifted and he was truly a free man now.
“Well, I guess the Chief will have to find a bunch of new men,” Egan said and unpinned his own badge.
“I hear Dean is retired now,” Junius said and threw his own badge on the pile.
“Pete Field?”
“Gonna be the Sheriff up to Sheridan. Got a big pay raise and a comfortable chair. Figgered he’d sit in it and rock, I guess,” Junius said.
Egan wondered what it would be like not to have to strap on his belt and hang a pistol from his waist. He didn’t think he’d ever put a gun on again.
Well, he reconsidered; maybe the word “ever” is too long.
“See you fellers,” he said and left the office to ride to his home to be with his wife.
Finally.
THE END
If you enjoyed this book, please return to http://www.Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Olin Thompson, the author was born in Texas and joined the Marine Corps in 1952 and served in the Korean War.
Upon a honorable discharge, attended and graduated from San Diego State University in 1964. Along the way he fell in love with San Diego.
He has a habit of taking charge and so has been the former President of every organization he joined: Fish and Game Association, Optimist Club, San Diego Writers and Editors Guild, and the Chamber of Commerce of the city of Lemon Grove.
He is a former member of the Retired Senior Volunteer Patrol San Diego Police Department Traffic Division as Assistant Administrator.
Married more than 40 years to same woman Olin and his wife, Dortha, are parents of three children and have four grandchildren, and three great grandchildren.
Olin thinks he can't go to Heaven when he dies because he has done so many things to disqualify him for entry, and the Devil doesn't want him for fear Olin will take over.

OTHER BOOKS BY OLIN THOMPSON
Dean and Egan, the story of two families
* The Long Ride
* Dogs of Justice
* No Hiding Place
* The Edge of the Knife
* Terror and Revenge
Other Western Stories
* Buzzards Got to Eat
* Posse from Texas
* La Cresta de Los Sandios
* Sabena Wolf
* Yuma: A Hell on Earth
Police Procedurals
* Six Forty Sam Five Forty Nine Now
* Balls of Ice
* Beverly Hills White
* Chief of Detective
* Fall of Grace
Other Genres
* Bad Day at Coa Danh – Military
* Wake Island – Military
* SS Wolfhound – Modern Pirates
* Vengeance Force – Mercenaries
These books are available in eBook and print editions at Amazon, Kindle, Smashwords, Barns & Noble and many other online bookstores.

ADDITIONAL BOOK PUBLISHED BY BOOKWARREN PUBLISHING SERVICES
Books by Sam Warren
* The Bible Naked, the Greatest Fraud Ever Told
* Tale from the Tijuana Jails
* The Priest, the Pastor and the Rabbi
Books by Other Authors
* 17 Figments – Matthew St.Claire
* A Matter Of Life And Death: THE Guide to Preparing for Tomorrow – TODAY – Dr. Kathryn Fugate
* Heaven’s Weed – Rudy Martins
# # #

