Kiss Me, Genius Boy
(No More Dreams #1)
Ben Hourigan

Smashwords edition


Published by hourigan.co

© 2011 by Ben Hourigan
 All rights reserved
v.1–2011.09.15
***

 For everyone who grew up nowhere and wanted to be someone.
***
1. Reunited
Why ponder life’s complexities?
Visions, magic, God and all that—it’s bullshit. You’re not supposed to be able to see the future. There is no destiny. I knew that. But I didn’t believe it.
My name is Joshua Rivers. In just a minute, I’m going to show you the moment, and the woman, that cast a long shadow into my past and the future that radiated out from it. For now, what you need to know about me is that on the evening I met my future wife, I wasn’t used to taking responsibility for myself. I expected things would happen to me and for me, and that in spite of how dismal my prospects looked at times, things would turn around and I’d get what I wanted. I’d seen that they would.
My father, Colin, was proud of my dissolution. The PhD thesis I spent my days on was about videogames, and that meant it was not real work. Dad considered this a good thing. I had a scholarship from the government that kept me fed and housed while I worked on my doctorate. “While I didn’t work on it” would have been more accurate. It felt like getting away with murder. Dad enjoyed explaining to attractive women—such as the odd MILF that he might hit on while she was working the checkout at Kmart—that his son did something fundamentally useless for a living. Then he could segue into hinting he was an eccentric millionaire whose family would never have to work, which had once been true.
My mother would likely not have been proud, but that hardly mattered, since she’d been dead since 1998, the year I turned eighteen. Five years had passed, and the world had moved on, but I still felt like my life was something yet to properly begin.
A day of tutoring at the university each week, and occasional bursts of frantic writing, marked out the time in my unstructured life. But mostly I sat by the big window in the living-room of my apartment, surfing the web and playing old games on my laptop, trying to write ‘my novel,’ or just doing nothing at all, feeling paralyzed. Some days, I didn’t even go out to check the mail. Those days, I saw no-one and spoke to no-one.
I was wasting time.
I lived in the worst building on a beautiful street in Malvern, a suburb twelve minutes from downtown Melbourne by train, part of a cluster of places known for being home to old money. I’d gotten a good deal with the rent there, and it was on the line that led back to the family home in Rosebud on the Mornington Peninsula, by the beach. So I’d stuck like a hermit in that little flat for years, instead of crossing north to the correct side of the Yarra river. There, in Brunswick, Carlton, Fitzroy, and Collingwood, all the young intellectuals shared terrace houses together. There, I might have had a life worth living, in the thick of a city of almost four million people.
Inside, my decrepit, rented top-floor flat had water-stained yellow carpet, kitchen cupboards that wouldn’t close properly, and a dingy bathroom. In the evening the smell of rancid cigarette smoke wafted up from my downstairs neighbor’s kitchen. The guttering leaked, and every time I reported it to the real-estate agent the landlord said he’d fix it, but he never did. In heavy rainstorms, water poured down the insides of the big windows in the living room. The yellow carpet soaked it up and held it, and in the weeks that followed, small wild mushrooms would sprout on the floor by the windowsill.
From the outside, the place was a rectangular slab of orange brick veneer, topped with an ugly flat roof. It stood on a block paved completely over with concrete where a few residents parked their shabby old cars. Most of us who lived there were poor, and couldn’t afford to drive. I didn’t even have my license. All down the rest of the street, turn-of-the-century weatherboard houses stood on either side, white and yellow and pink and cream. Doctors and lawyers parked European cars in the driveways, next to little front yards full of topiary and roses.
Fittingly for such a pretty suburb, there was a café around the corner good enough to be my regular. Its name, more ominous than it deserved, was the Black Curtain, and it sat on a quiet lane that ran alongside the train tracks and the station, a repose for old workshops and second-rate stores (a cobbler of lurid boots, for instance).
I often sat there with Lilian Lau at the tables on the sidewalk and drank their overrated coffee while we ate brunch in the late morning. I’d order eggs Benedict, while Lily favored the chicken burger, which was full of bullshit ingredients and adjectives like Portobello and aioli. Still, the burger tasted vibrant and alive, reminding you as the juice ran down your chin that to sustain one life, other things must die.
This had been my Sunday morning for the past few weeks, and looked like it might become a routine. It meant things were improving for me. Though they didn’t mean much, these breakfasts, and neither did Lily herself, they were both sources of real sensory pleasure for me. Winter had thoroughly turned to spring, and my blood was up. Sitting in the sunshine with Lily at the café, in front of eggs and coffee, I would feel my life affirmed.
On a particular Sunday that spring, I woke late into a faceful of Lily’s black hair. When she’s naked, her slender body shows you the shape of her bones under light brown skin. Her breasts are flat and round, shallow domes crowned by dark nipples that shrink small and hard when you play with them. Her mouth is wide and behind her long white teeth there’s a tongue so sharp you ought to worry you’ll get cut when she goes down on you. But you don’t. She comes back up and you bite her neck. She spreads her legs and you pull her down on your cock and in the end she’ll get up on her hands and knees to arch her back and show you her perfect ass, and you fuck her, who gets wet like no girl you’ve ever known. It’s what anyone would do, and it’s what I did that Sunday.
Lilian Lau. Her skin is brown and her eyes are narrow. She was born in Hong Kong and her parents brought her to Melbourne when she was a baby. And none of that ethnicity stuff matters a bit, because she’s a force of nature, not a person, and she’ll shit on your rules and expectations wherever you or they are from.
So I came on her back, and we showered together and dressed, and went out into the concrete glare around my apartment to face a day of reunions. In this early afternoon, we were meeting my father, who I saw too seldom, and in the evening Lily was my date to a dinner of old school friends, brought back together by the unexpected return from London of one Anthony Coltrane.
On the concrete downstairs, Lily told me we’d take the car, because after brunch she’d go straight home to paint. “If I’m going to waste tonight with you as well,” she said, “I need to work today.”
“Waste? Thanks a lot, Lily.”
Without thinking, I walked to the door of a dirty white sedan. I often made this mistake. It was very like the car she’d had before.
But lately, Lily had been driving a red 1988 Porsche 944, with soft leather seats and pop-up headlights that sprang to life like eyes. Even now it looked like it was from the sexy future. She’d picked it up in silver for ten grand, and immediately had it sprayed the “right” color. I loved it. I wanted it. I knew she’d bought it with money not from her art, but from the family restaurant that she’d helped her mother turn into a chain. But the car still felt like a slap in the face. It wasn’t even that expensive, but it said, “I’m making it.” She was, and I wasn’t.
I remembered Lily as she’d been at eighteen, a sleepy, hungry girl with tangled, unwashed hair, who drove a rusted out old Datsun that was barely worth a dollar. I’d liked it better when she was poor.
Leaning my head back on the cushion with a sigh as Lily started the engine, I heard the Smiths in my head: “Why ponder life’s complexities, when the leather runs smooth on the passenger seat?” But having my twenty-four-year-old fuck buddy, an important young artist, driving me in her Porsche away from an apartment that grew mushrooms out of the carpet when the winter rains came—it troubled the soul. I could not merely shrug it off as evidence of her bourgeois corruption. She made me jealous.
Sometimes I wanted to tell her I loved her
Dad hadn’t yet arrived when we pulled up outside the café. Instead, I saw a girl there, waving at me from an outside table. Imogen. I hadn’t known she was invited. She was like my sister, but… It was all kind of sick, when I thought about it carefully. I loved her, but her existence made me uncomfortable.
She was dressed simply, in layers of black and gray. Her luxuriant red hair curled around her face and tumbled over her shoulders. Hanging over her breasts there was a thin silver chain pulled down by a single blue stone, more likely a piece of colored glass, that echoed her eyes and the clear sky. She stood and we kissed each other on the cheek.
Lily, greeting her, put her hands on Imogen’s hips, like a man, and pulled her in—too close—so she could kiss her lightly on the lips. “It’s so good to see you again,” Lily said. “Who are you fucking these days?”
“God, Lily,” I said, as she sat beside me and, full of provocative irony, insinuated herself under my arm, leaning her head in close so that my impulse was to kiss her affectionately on the cheek. She could be so offensive that sometimes I wanted to tell her I loved her. But I didn’t want to lose her.
“All you need to know, Lily,” said Imogen, “is you’re no longer on the list.” The line was cruel enough for Lily herself, but I could see the hurt in Imogen’s eyes, which like mine tend to water when emotion hits. From a distance, you’d never notice, but I could tell. Lily ignored the effect she had on the girl.
At that moment, Dad rounded the corner, looking like a freak. He was wearing turquoise Thai fisherman’s pants, Birkenstock sandals, and a red silk jacket that would have looked in-place on a kung-fu master, over an open-necked peasant shirt. On his head, covering short-cropped gray hair whose thinning embarrassed him, was a square-topped, brimless cap embroidered in a multicolored tribal motif.
In greeting, he hugged Imogen and shook my hand, but avoided Lily. Sometimes it was for the best. It was an understatement to call her flirtatious, and I think he feared getting too close lest he trade a son for a short-lived lover. I’d have forgiven him for sleeping with her, if it ever came to that—far better men had fallen for her. But I never told him so. I didn’t want to give him license.
It was a shame for Dad. Since not long after Mum died, his love life had resembled an illustration for the parable of the straight stick, which in my thirties I’d hear my female friends tell ruefully:
A warlock sends a princess into the forest with a mission: bring me a perfectly straight stick by dark or I’ll have your soul. In the morning, she finds a stick near perfectly straight, but with a crook in the end. She throws it away, and all through the day she finds and discards stick after stick, each more bent than the last. By nightfall she is desperate and clutches at any chance she can find. Leaving the forest with a stick as crooked as a Medici pope, she knows she is forever damned. And yet as she regrets leaving the straightish stick of the morning behind, she knows even that would not have saved her.
The year after cancer took Mum, Dad met a charming woman who worked at the local library. But ever the womanizer, he cheated on and left her, and since then, he’d appeared with a succession of increasingly shopworn floozies from Rosebud and its surrounds, along with a few disconcertingly mental girls barely out of high school who had a fetish for old men. Lily, by contrast, was a goddess. But he believed, on my account, he couldn’t have her even for a night.
“Well, what are you up to, lately, Im?” I asked, when we were all sitting.
“Oh, you know, just studying, doing recitals. I’m doing a Ravel concert at the Conservatorium in a few weeks time. You should come.”
“Send me an email with the details,” I said.
“Ha—you won’t come anyway. You should get out more. You could even come see me sometimes.”
“I’ll go,” Dad said. “Thank god you didn’t go and study law like you threatened to, Imogen. No concerts there. It’s a mug’s game, working. Find some dupes who’ll pay you to do something soulful and fun. That’s the way to do it, eh, Josh?”
“It’s not what it’s cracked up to be,” I said.
“How’s the thesis going?” he asked.
“Fine. I’m working on the third chapter now, on utopian theory.”
“Josh, you haven’t been doing a damned thing,” said Lily.
A waitress interrupted with the menus, giving everyone a pause in conversation to reflect on how I was wasting my life. We ordered while the girl was still at the table. It was the usual for Lily and I; the mushroom burger and green tea for Im, a vegetarian; and the big breakfast and a long black for Colin.
“Why do you have to always tell the truth, Lily?” I asked, once the waitress left.
“Because it’s the truth,” she said. “And it doesn’t belong to you. If you won’t tell it, I will.”
“Hey, never mind, Josh,” said Colin. “When you find something worth writing, you’ll write it. Until then, never mind. Just so long as you’re having fun.”
“I’m not sure I am having fun,” I said.
“What if he never finds it?” said Lily. “What then? It’s not like what you’ll leave him will make much of a difference.”
When Colin won the lottery at twenty-eight and quit his job as a furniture restorer at a big antique store out in Tyabb, he thought he’d be able to live comfortably on investment income. But the markets hadn’t been kind to him, and since he’d retired, wages had outpaced inflation. He’d fallen behind; his money didn’t buy as much as it used to. The family home was so far from the city I couldn’t live in it when he died, and besides, we’d probably end up selling to pay for his final years spent in a nursing home or something. Dad had brought me up to believe I’d been taken care of, but this appeared more and more clearly to be a deception, and I couldn’t decide whether he or I was the bigger victim of it.
Simply, Dad’s money had been running out for years. It was one of the reasons I’d refused an allowance from him since I got my scholarship. Imogen and I didn’t know for sure how much was left, but we guessed it was little enough that it would soon become a problem for him. It was already a problem for me.
The owners of those rose gardens in my street weren’t all doctors and investment bankers, but property prices had gone so high since they bought the places that only the rich could replace them if they chose to go. All around Melbourne, it was the same. If I didn’t get my doctorate, and after that a professorship, I was sunk. I’d end up living in a house ninety minutes from the city by train, and my kids would go to a public school where they’d learn to knife fight and smoke crack, but not to read and write like proper human beings.
That I had skipped two grades as a child and been regarded as a prodigy at school made this prospect worse, as I had been taught to believe that I was not only able, but expected to do great things. Chief among the holders of these expectations stood myself, now rightful bearer of the title ‘person I know most likely to be disappointed by life.’
I find a philosophical disposition is indispensable in cases of impending material failure.
“I don’t care what you leave us, Dad,” I said. “Your life is yours to live. You don’t have to have anything left over for me.”
“Everyone ought to have something left over,” said Lily. “When your heart overflows broad and full like a river, there is the origin of your virtue.”
“What?” said Dad.
“It’s Nietzsche,” said Imogen. “Zarathustra.” Lily wanted to live in a world of supermen and so constantly suffered disappointment in people, an emotion in which we frequently shared.
The waitress served our coffees. Lily ignored her and went on talking. “Joshua here believes that if you’ve got too much for yourself, it must be because you took it away from someone else,” said Lily. “I think it’s because there’s too much in you to use up all on your own.”
“Come on, I don’t really think that,” I protested.
“But that’s what you’re supposed to write at uni, isn’t it? That we’re all going to Hell on Earth because capitalist greed is destroying civilization and the planet?”
“Well, I do believe that,” I said.
“Then there’s why you don’t even have enough for yourself. You think it’s a sin to overflow. I, by the way, will be buying lunch today. I sold another painting.”
“Why do you have to bring her?” asked Imogen.
“Because that’s how he shows you all that he’s a man and that in spite of being so deluded, he’s still getting laid,” Lily explained.
Perhaps I exaggerated when I said before that mornings with Lily showed things were improving for me.
My lover threw her slender arms up in the air, exasperated. “Doesn’t anyone even want to know what painting I sold?”
“What painting did you sell?” Imogen said, in a voice thick with indulgence.
Lily planted her Prada handbag on the table. It was fake, bought by her mother for ten dollars in a Shenzhen market, but still spoke of assumed status. “It’s called Self-examination,” she said, fishing a photograph out of the bag. I had a flashback to her at fourteen, showing me her sketchbook.
“Lily!” I said. “Don’t show them!” But she had it out now, and as it passed around, I saw Dad leer and Imogen’s eyes moisten as she looked away from it and slid it across the table to me.
“Twenty thousand dollars,” Lily announced. It was, and I shuddered inwardly as I thought this, probably almost what Dad made in a year from interest on his remaining winnings. I judged this by what I saw him spend, which was almost nothing. This brunch would be an extravagance for him. Soon the day would come when I earned more than he did, and that was a sad state of affairs.
“I painted it in a week when I was nineteen,” Lily said. “From a self-portrait I sketched after the school nurse lent me a copy of Everywoman.”
Dead silence around the table, more about the money than the picture.
“What’ll you do with the money?” Dad asked as Lily put the photo away.
“I don’t know,” she said, for the first time that morning seeming vulnerable, more like a person than a steamroller. “There’s nothing I want to buy. You can get a lot of paint for twenty grand.”
I could see the others thinking: Twenty grand for a week’s work. If I could make that, what could I make of my life? But Lily? Her vibe was It’s not what I live for. She’d already passed thinking $20K here or there made any difference. And me? I didn’t want to think about it, but I often did. It’s evil, I thought, for her to have this kind of luck when she doesn’t care about anyone. But that was envy. She made my scholarship look like a joke. I thought, This morning, I fucked her. If she cared who she slept with, I’d have to ask, “what does she see in me?” I know she doesn’t care, but why does she keep coming back?
Lily’s success would have been less galling if we didn’t think we were better than ‘ordinary people,’ the supermarket cashiers and petrol-station attendants of this world. But we all did, and here was the lie to our pretensions: while we reveled in our sense of intellectual superiority to everyone, and of our moral superiority to Lily, she was trouncing us at life. Worse yet for Imogen and I, we both found her irresistible, so we couldn’t hate her.
After that, there wasn’t much to say. The echo of Lily’s voice saying “twenty thousand dollars,” and knowing that it was just a week’s work that got it for her—a week’s work from a sketch made ten years ago, when she was legally too young to hold a job—precluded thought or conversation. The waitress delivered our breakfasts, and we ate with close attention so we wouldn’t have to speak. We finished, Lily paid the bill, and we took our leave with a string of generic niceties, still dumbstruck. Lily got in her car and drove home to work. I walked back to my apartment alone.
Whatever it cost
I next saw Lily in the driver’s seat of her car, looking up our destination in the street directory. It was nine o’clock, and the party had started at eight. It turned out to be just a couple of blocks away. I could have gone alone, but I didn’t want to look like more of a failure than necessary, by turning up without a girl. I felt like picking a fight with Lily about being late, but I was tardy myself, and seldom had the excuse that I’d been working. She would have clubbed me with my own hypocrisy.
I leaned across the console and we kissed hello. She smelled like turpentine. On her it was, I reflected, the smell of money and the smell of madness. Her painting was her passion and would soon be a greater fortune even than the one growing from the restaurant chain she’d helped build, but it was also one of her prisons.
“Are you ready?” she asked.
“What’s to be ready for?”
“This whole pissing contest your friend has organized.”
“It won’t be that bad,” I said.
“It will. I went to my five-year reunion a couple of months ago. I hated most of the girls more than I remembered. They hated me, too, the same as always.”
“Why would you go to a reunion?” I asked her.
“I like …”
“… to piss people off,” I finished for her. “I know.”
“And I wanted to see if I could pick up.”
“Lily, those are other people’s men.”
“People aren’t each other’s property.”
“Anyway,” I said, “this isn’t a reunion.”
Two months earlier, Dad had forwarded me a letter from my grammar school’s old boys’ association. Anthony Coltrane, a fellow aspiring novelist on the fringes of my high-school friendship circle, had returned from London to Melbourne, on whose far outskirts we had both been boys. I’d not spoken to him since we left school: he’d done poorly at his final exams and been forced to go to university in Tasmania, even further from the world than Melbourne, and bitterly cold. But now he wanted to see his school friends again, and assuming few people would respond, he’d asked the school to send the entire year level an invitation to join him for a party at his home. It was a simple third of a sheet of copy paper, with a brief explanation, a street address, and a request to respond by email or phone.
Given the unselective nature of the invitation, anyone could be there. Had I felt decrepit enough to be attached to such a drab entity as a ‘partner,’ she would have been welcome, hence Lily’s pissing contest jibe. Turn up with a girl and you could expect everyone to be comparing yours to theirs. You’d be doing the same. Turn up without one, and everyone would wonder why. Were you gay, or just a loser?
I considered, as Lily’s Porsche swept through the streets, that bringing someone who had been so infamous could turn out a poor decision. Not that she had given me a choice. When I told Lily I’d been thinking of bringing a student I’d been seeing, she demanded to be taken instead.
Lily and I had gone to twin schools—mine boys-only, hers for girls—and she had been well known at both, but certainly not well thought of. Still I was proud of her. If I had thought Lily an object to be displayed, then I could hardly have wanted a better trophy. But I remembered the men I feared to meet that night, and who I’d wished I could find some way to shame, and thought I’d rather not expose her to them. All those stupid, malicious, brutish, and easily led boys had never understood that her usual epithet, “that Asian slut,” was a badge of honor.
Lily soon pulled up across the street from Anthony’s house, one of the romantic, rose-gardened places I envied. Its white weatherboard walls, tinted blue by the night, looked crisp and new. Stemmed lamps pushed up from the manicured front lawn, and through clear, clean windows I could see recessed halogen downlights reflecting in a gold-framed mirror hanging over the mantel of an old fireplace. Evidently, my fortunes and Anthony’s had diverged.
The front door was open, and we followed it down the length of a high-ceilinged hall leading to the kitchen, where the sound of mingled conversations burbled.
In my left hand I held a bottle of white wine. It’s a recipe for awkwardness, carrying something into a party. I didn’t know where to put it, and looked around, bewildered, at the room full of men I didn’t really want to see, trying to find Anthony or some semblance of a hostess who could tell me how to rid myself of the infernal bottle, or where the hell I could find a corkscrew and a glass so I could pour myself a drink to dampen the humiliation of standing there encumbered, like a fool.
In the end, I tapped on a burly shoulder facing away from me, ready to ask, “Where can I put this?” The man turned.
“Matt!” I exclaimed. He was the one person I wouldn’t have to ask “what do you do these days?” I already knew he worked as a research assistant at a right-wing think tank—contemptible, really. I wouldn’t have to hear his life story for the past five years, either, as I saw him every other month or so. “Thank God,” I said, “that the first person I run into is someone I really know.” The faces of the other two men in his circle fell.
“What can I do with this?” I asked, holding up the bottle. “Where can I find a glass? A corkscrew?” I doubted anyone could find me quite so ridiculous or frantic as I found myself, but behind my shoulder, Lily was chuckling darkly. She knew that despite my love of conversation, I could still be uncomfortable with people, especially if I felt I was being judged. Just as Lily had insisted, this was a pissing contest after all, and here we were with our cocks out on display.
“Perhaps you should ask the host,” said Matt, and gestured with an outstretched palm at the man standing right in front of me, across the circle.
“Anthony?” I gaped at him. He’d cast off all his teenage shabbiness. He wore light grey slacks and a white shirt that looked handmade, the collar and first button undone to reveal a white, hairless chest. On his wrist, a crisp-edged steel watch, and on his right hand, a ring of bright, plain gold. He wore rimless glasses on his nose, and the same short and ruffled hairstyle you could see on ten thousand men or more in a single day downtown. But he still had the same too-open face, the bulbous eyes, hooked nose, weak chin, and lifeless black hair. He had never been, and would never be, a handsome man, but stripped of his teenage rags, the torn black jeans and that holey Metallica t-shirt he’d always worn to parties, he was polished. He held together. He looked like a man to watch.
“You’ll find the glasses and whatnot over there, by the sink,” he said, pointing outside the circle at an island bench.
“I’ll take care of that,” Lily told me gently, and took the bottle from me. “You just enjoy your little reunion.”
“Excuse the grime,” Anthony called to her. “We’ve hardly even thought about renovating the kitchen yet, but it’s on the cards.” I couldn’t see why they would bother. Next to my kitchen, where everything was swollen, bent, or busted, Anthony’s looked perfect. I wouldn’t have changed a thing.
Then he leaned into the little circle confidentially. “Is that Lilian Lau?” he asked. “You guys are together?”
“We always …” I stopped myself. “We are tonight. Just don’t let her hear that.”
“That’s a strange way to talk about your date,” he said.
“Strange is what we are.”
“Right. So, if you don’t remember me, do you remember Ian?” Anthony pointed at the other member of our group.
I did remember Ian, which was why I’d made no effort to greet him. Better known as Berko, Ian Berkshire had been one of that fortunately rare breed of men who took pleasure in the suffering of others. Worse, he had once robbed me of a girl. He’d been a constant source of crude jokes, thrown objects, and general disruption in class, and of unsubtle but infuriating (usually homophobic) schoolyard taunts. His face looked like someone had once poked their fingers in it and squeezed all the features together into a permanent expression of malice, which had barely needed to change when one of his quarries snapped into a rage and gave him an excuse to beat the crap out of them with his oversized fists.
“I do,” I said politely. “What are you up to these days?”
“I’m a bouncer,” Berko said.
“Great.” My voice was flat.
“At a strip club,” he continued, his lips spreading into an evil grin that I remembered too well. Though he’d done little to me at school but insult me, I’d learned to recognize in him that kind of man whose death is a cause for celebration.
“That’s bohemian,” I said, and with anyone who wasn’t just a plain bruiser, I would have been generous enough to think them unconventional. But I suspected Berko had taken the job because it offered the opportunity to manhandle and beat, as he was forcing them out the back door, those sorry men who forgot themselves in their despair and touched the girls one too many times, ignoring all the warnings.
“What about you, then?” Berko grunted. “This little geek over here,” he said, pointing at Anthony, “turned into an investment banker.”
“Really?” I said. I was disappointed. He’d always been such an intelligent, interesting person.
“Yup. Just got back from a couple of years with HSBC in London. A horrible place—don’t ever let anyone convince you to live there. I managed to find a job back here at a little boutique investment firm. A diversion, perhaps, from what might have been a great career, but it lets me do more math.” Maybe it wasn’t so disappointing after all. I’d forgotten he loved numbers as well as words. “And this is a better place for my wife to raise her daughter,” he continued.
“You got married?”
“Yes, but I seem to have mislaid her. You really ought to meet. I’ll introduce you if I see her. What are you doing?”
“I’m in my second year of a PhD in cultural studies,” I said.
“Jesus, aren’t you a bunch of wankers,” said Berko. I ignored him. The point was to keep the moral high ground.
“Tell him what it’s on,” Matt goaded me.
“Generally speaking, it’s about videogames,” I said.
“Gosh, I wish I’d never had to grow up,” said Anthony.
“There are a lot of options if you want to turn back the clock. If you don’t like the idea of studying videogames, you could always work at a strip club.” Berko blinked his eyes deliberately, trying to gauge whether I’d just insulted him or if this was just a kind of wordplay he was unfamiliar with.
At that moment, Lily slid between Matt and I. She handed me one of the glasses she held. I inhaled the crisp, melony scent of the wine and took a sip, then let myself relax.
“Thanks, Lily,” I said.
I saw her sneer as she recognized Berko. “Ian,” she said. “It’s been too long.”
He grunted. She screwed her face up like she was going to punch someone. I could feel, radiating off her, the unconcealable contempt she felt for the subhuman. By way of illustration: I catch spiders in the house and let them go in a park, or in a tree by the roadside; Lily kills them without a thought.
“How’s the PhD going?” Matt asked me.
“Fine,” I said, and then felt Lily’s nails digging into my right bicep. “Actually, it’s not going at all. I can’t work it out.”
“What’s the matter?”
“It’s this utopian theory I have to read …”
Now Lily raised her hand, palm out flat in a gesture of arrest. “At this point,” she announced coldly, “I must advise you, Berko, to find more appropriate company. What you are about to hear is certainly beyond your feeble brain, if it is indeed within anyone’s power to understand.” She was digging at me, too, but Berko wouldn’t notice. He thrust his chest forward and scowled menacingly.
“Are you trying to call me stupid?” he growled.
“Yes,” she said, and he drew both arms back as though readying to grapple her, but she continued to speak. “I’m trying to provoke, belittle, and humiliate you. It’s better treatment than you deserve. Don’t think of retaliating: if you want to start a fight with me or with anyone here, I will shove this glass into your face and grind it into your eyes.”
“You better watch your mouth, slut.”
“I’ll say what I like, Berko. I remember who you were; I remember the girls who were stupid enough to fuck you, the stories of your pathetic performance, of the way you pulled their hair and the names you called them. Do you remember Rose Newstead?”
Berko blanched.
“She was my best friend,” Lily said. “So get out of my sight now, you troglodyte, and don’t let me catch your eye or hear you speak a word against anyone here, or I’ll rip off your maggot of a dick and shove it down your throat. I trust I make myself clear.”
“No one talks to me like that, you Asian bitch.”
At first I thought she would ignore it. She drained her glass slowly. But then when she was done, she shifted the glass in her hand so to hold it by the stem. Then, quick and graceful, her other hand went out and grabbed Berko’s neck, with her thumbnail digging into his throat just above the clavicle. She held the glass like a dagger, with the rim an inch from his eyes. The way she had him, he was forced to bend backward, utterly at her mercy.
It was only a quiet commotion, but the room’s more perceptive heads had turned in our direction.
Lily’s voice was now a deadly whisper.
“Bitches don’t talk to you like that? Just like you don’t jam your dick down a girl’s throat until she vomits. And you sure as hell don’t turn her over afterward and fuck her while she’s dry. Even if she lets you. As if a girl would be turned on after that. My best friend, you asshole.”
I had a moment’s schadenfreude at this, from knowing that I had once warned Rose of the brutality she might experience at Berko’s hands. But I suppressed the feeling immediately: it was unworthy of me. I had not expected their dating to end in such grotesquerie, and I could not have wished it on her, who I had once been so devoted to. Above all, Berko was so loathsome precisely because he took pleasure in others’ pain and humiliation. Whatever I might allow myself to do, I could not knowingly indulge in this even for a minute, lest it erode the clean distinction I made between people like me and people like him.
“You did that to my Rose?” I said. Lily should have told me.
“She was never your Rose,” Lily snarled. Then she went on at Berko. “She didn’t know shit about shit, and you hurt her. So don’t tell me how to talk to you. Would you like me to repeat all that so everyone can hear? No, don’t answer. One more word and you’re a fucking dead man.”
It was the first time I had ever seen Berko let go of that ready-for-violence rigidity that gave his body shape. He looked deflated, as though the air that puffed out his chest and his meaty face had just passed through an outlet like the neck of a balloon, part of his meager soul passing into the ether with a farty noise. I almost thought he would fall backward in a faint, but he caught himself on one knee and stood slowly before slinking to the door without a goodbye.
“That,” said Matt, wagging his finger at Lily, “was uncalled for.” As my argument against him, I turned to Lily, looked her in the eye, and clinked my glass against hers.
“I hope he hasn’t got a chainsaw in his car,” Anthony quipped.
“If he brings it in here,” said Lily, “he’ll find that I meant what I said about ripping off his dick. Why on earth would you let a thing like that in your house, Anthony? I’m disappointed. And now I’m going to mingle. Josh, you were talking about utopian theory. Please proceed.” She backed off into the crowd, which parted as she turned from us, as murmurs rippled around the room from those whose eyes had caught the scene.
“That was fucking scary,” said Anthony, when he thought she was out of earshot.
“That’s Lily in action.”
“The trick is to ignore her,” said Matt. “For your own safety, there are two things you must never do to Lilian Lau: provoke her, or admire her. Let’s ignore her. Please, Josh … utopia.”
I had to stand a while to rewind past the startling memory of Lily bringing Berko to his knees—not to mention the disturbing visualization of him defiling my Rose—but I did manage to clear it out and remember what I’d been thinking.
“Okay,” I began. “So there’s this stuff I have to read. We call it theory at the university. Sometimes I feel like there’s a secret trapped inside it, that I just have to break through this hard shell of these philosophers’ language and I’ll see the answer to all of mankind’s problems. But in the process I have to tear my mind apart, the whole way I think, to rip through reason and beyond it into a more mystical understanding. And other times, I feel like maybe there’s nothing inside or beyond—that if I did break my mind it would just be the way to madness, and for no end at all.”
“Well, make it simple for us, then,” said Anthony. “What’s your thesis about? What’s your argument?”
“Okay,“ I said again,”So there’s this development theorist called David Harvey who thinks that classically, there are two different types of utopias, the spatial utopia and the temporal utopia. The spatial utopia is all about form, where you impose a physical design on a society: the shape of a city, or a way of organizing production. It gives you concrete examples of what to do, but it tends to be totalitarian—it fixes things in place too much. Then there’s the temporal utopias, which are all about process, so you think of a different way of doing things but not much about what needs to be done or where we’re going to end up by doing it this way. Both of them have problems: the spatial utopias destroy freedom but the temporal ones don’t get you anywhere. But Harvey thinks that you can have a spatiotemporal utopia that combines concrete proposals with an openness to alternative ways of doing things, a vision that can transform societies without locking them into an oppressive ideal of perfection. And because of their ability to present images of dynamic spaces that can change to respond to and embody the events and ideas of their imagined worlds, there are some videogames that are examples of just this spatiotemporal utopia. So gaming is a privileged medium for thinking ourselves out of the mess that global capitalism has got us into.”
“It’s hardly catchy, is it?” said Matt.
“No, but it’s not meant to be. It’s meant to satisfy the academic community, and they speak a particular language and are interested in particular things.”
“Does it satisfy you?” Anthony asked.
“Not yet,” I said.
“Let me suggest to you why that is,” said Matt. “It’s because it’s wrong. I don’t know about the rest of it, spatialities and whatnot, but it all seems to be aiming at that endpoint you snuck in, the idea that we have to get out of ‘the mess that global capitalism has got us into.’ And what does that really have to do with videogames, anyway? It’s an astonishing self-hatred, Josh. Look around you. Look at all the things that make our evening here tonight: the furniture, the wine, the glasses, the floorboards for God’s sake. It’s all the product of capitalism. And we like this kind of life, with our stuff and our opportunities.”
Anthony raised his glass of red at Matt, who raised his own to clink against it, in knowing parody of Lily and I.
“There’s no ‘mess it’s got us into’,” Matt continued. “This is our world and our achievement, and we can either love it, or we can spend our lives hating ourselves and trying to think a way out of it that we’ll never find, because the only way out is back, to a premodern life of poverty and precariousness. ‘Nasty, brutish, and short,’ it would be. Wasn’t it Hobbes who said that?”
“The tiger or the philosopher?” I asked.
“You know who I mean,” said Matt. “Listen, come have a drink with me next week, and I’ll lend you some books that might help you out. You don’t have to agree with them. They just might give you some perspective.”
“I don’t know, I’m pretty busy,” I said.
“Can it, Josh, you’ve got time and you know it,” Matt replied.
“Sure, okay,” I said, and changed the subject. “What’s news with you, then? How’s the girl situation?”
“This,” Anthony butted in, “is where I go check on my own girl situation. My wife is nowhere to be found, when I want to be showing her off to all you guys.”
“You know, I argued with Lily when she said this was going to be a pissing contest, Anthony.”
“Then when I see her,” he said, clapping Matt and I on our backs, “I’ll tell her she was right.” He guffawed securely in the knowledge that he was safe from being bested by anyone. This was his house, his success, and somewhere around here there was his gorgeous or at least beloved wife. She’d have to be a fugly horror to make him look bad. “Enjoy yourselves, boys,” he encouraged us as he left.
I looked at Matt meaningfully. “So, uh, the girl situation?”
“Not good. Damn, last week I asked a girl out from my dance class and she laughed in my face. That’s a killer for the ego. And I haven’t gotten laid in … I don’t know, a long time.”
“How long?”
“About eighteen months.”
“Jesus, Matt,” I said, “what have you been doing? You were so good with girls.”
“I don’t know. You know what they say about sex being like pizza, that it’s good even when it’s bad? I got to doubting that. So, I’ve been playing a lot of EverQuest. Don’t look at me like that, I know it’s not good for me, and you, of all people … You study videogames! Look, since Caitlin, everything seemed flat. I got stuck on her. I’ll get over it.”
“Sure you will,” I said. I knew better, and what Matt said next confirmed it.
“Hey, on a dimly related subject, how’s Imogen, Josh? She still a lesbian?”
“Yep. You’re going to have to forget about her, too, one day, Matt.”
“Just checking, is all. No use crying over spilled lesbians, my mother always used to tell me.”
I laughed out loud. “With your sense of humor, Matt, girls ought to be falling all over you.”
“Yeah, but you have to fall over them, too. I haven’t seen anyone I like in a long time. I know my eyes are a little dead to it, but I can’t be wholly to blame.”
“I know how you feel. I went a while without anyone there, too. I guess I’m still alone, really.”
“What are you talking about, Josh? You come here with Lily on your arm, I assume you’re going to go home and fuck the shit out of her—if you’ll pardon my French.”
“Sure. Just how much less alone would that make you feel?”
“Hey man,“ Matt said,”You know that Bill Withers song?
I wanna spread the news
 that if it feels this good getting used
 then just keep on using me
 until you use me up.”
“Only the Fiona Apple version,” I said. “You’re right, a little, but you know her, too. Not as well as I do, but you know her. It’s torture; she’s as incredible in bed as you imagine. No, probably better. But you don’t spend a moment off guard. There’s none of that warmth or security you want from a girl. She won’t love you. She won’t love anyone. You want a song? Try Simon and Garfunkel:
I got up to wash my face.
 When I come back again
 someone’s taken my place.
You saw what she did to Imogen. It wasn’t much different from what Imogen did to you. If I didn’t have someone else on the side, I think I’d go crazy. I’m too old for this shit.”
“Wait a second—you’re trying to empathize with me”—he pointed at himself—“who hasn’t had sex in eighteen months, and you’re telling me you have two girls on the go? I’m glad I don’t expect life to be easy or fair.”
“Hey, under socialism we might all have two girls on the go. You want to lend me books? I’ll lend you one that proposes a national network for trading sexual favors.”
“It’s called the internet, Josh. I’ve tried it and it didn’t work out for me so well.”
“Maybe I’ve been lucky. Just a few months after Renee, I met this girl online …”
“Josh,” Matt said, putting his hand on my shoulder, “I love to share in your life story, but right now, I’m feeling like I’d rather go talk to some guy who’s scanning groceries in our hometown, you know? Or try hitting on some blown-out jock’s hot wife. I’ll catch you later.”
And then he, too, was gone.
I looked around the room. There was something oddly familiar about this kitchen. Slash living area. Slash entertainment space. The lifestyliness of it almost made me want to retch. But there was something about that island bench… There was even something about the sink. There was supposed to be something in the sink. But it wasn’t meant to be a bunch of dirty glasses; it was meant to be a sponge. And there was supposed to be a chopping board on the bench, and on it a knife and half a red onion. I knew this place. I’d seen it before. It was important to me. Was She here, somewhere?
In search of distraction, I threw myself into the crowd. There was hardly anyone I knew well. From the acquaintances I quizzed, men whose names I remembered but who seemed as bland and faceless as they had when we were at school together, I discovered what had happened to my absent friends. Dave was riding out a deep depression in a teaching post at a rural high-school, after divorcing the wife he’d married too young. Kieran was working as an engineer on mines amid the jungles of godforsaken Papua New Guinea. Gareth was in the capital, Canberra, holding down a public service job so dreary and inessential it could not be concretely described. All these friends, all good men, had scattered. The ones who told me their tales were just second-order people who had somehow kept up with the news I’d missed.
Glass in hand, I paced, forlorn, looking for the bookshelves, to examine them alone and think. In a high-ceilinged hallway broken up by decorative plasterwork arches, I passed the line for the bathroom. Lily was talking to a tall, thin man with a mangy goatee and a fringe of straight dark brown hair that swept down over his left eye. This was Christian Lorimer, once the star of our school’s amateur drama community.
I stopped behind him and tapped his shoulder. He turned, his face hardening as though he’d been caught out at something. I noticed, before she straightened, how Lily had been leaning against the wall, pressed against it so that she could surrender herself to gravity and let her long body hang relaxed, yielding. Her nipples poked out hard under the punky t-shirt she’d worn over skinny jeans. She was turned on. She was hunting.
I could have looked at her all night. But then Christian melted and threw his arms around me in a manly hug. He pushed me away to hold me at arm’s length and look me over. “Josh!” he said.
“Christian.” I acknowledged him curtly, with a minimally respectful nod. This was just the sort of false camaraderie I should have expected from a reunion. We had been less than friends. And that was my girl.
“I heard you got married,” I said, pushing as much enthusiasm into my voice as I could.
“Yeah.” Did I hear a note of resignation or disappointment? “Not long after graduation, actually. Tess got pregnant and I went to work at a servo on the freeway to help her raise the baby. We’re living in a little place in Kananook.”
“You married Tess?” I asked, in disbelief. She’d been captain of Lily’s school, a straight-A student, destined for a career in law or government. She’d been a drama kid like him, a leading lady, so it wasn’t hard to see how they’d have gotten together. But I’d have thought a girl like that would do better than to get knocked up and stay living in a dive, no, a downright shithole like Kananook, where people got murdered at the train station, with a guy who worked at a service station for a living.
“We decided we wanted to keep the kid,” Christian said. “Dylan will be five soon. He’s a great little guy, and he’s got a little sister now, too. Alice. Tess is doing law by correspondence. Slowly, but she’ll get there.”
“So there’s hope for you guys yet?”
“Josh, that’s not a very nice thing to say,” Lily reproached me.
“Sorry, did I really say that?” I asked. It was more like Lily to be hurtful. It was more like me to uphold decorum. But—and I missed this, just then—she was in seduction mode, and making out that she and Christian were on the same side.
“Hey,” Christian said gently, “it’s okay. It hasn’t been easy. I don’t know if there’s much hope for me. I’ll probably end up looking after our kids until they leave home. But Tess was always meant for better things, and I know she’ll get there. Just a couple more years to go, and she’ll have her degree. She gets high distinctions, you know. I’m so proud of her.”
“Hey, good for you,” I said. It sounded as condescending as it felt.
As Christian had been one of the music and drama crowd, I’d imagined him as a trumpet teacher or even a minor television star, but teenage pregnancy and the sucking power of nowheresville had mired him like quicksand. For all that I worried about what I was doing with my life, at least, I thought, I had more to look forward to than Christian. In my head I heard dark laughter: I had not liked him.
The bathroom door opened, and a woman walked out and past us. Lily reached her hand behind Christian’s back and pushed him toward the door. “After you,” she said. He went in, leaving us alone.
“Don’t interfere,” she hissed.
“You understand he’s married?”
“I’m not stupid. Don’t worry, I won’t mess anything up. I just want to fuck him again, for old time’s sake.”
“You know he used to call you a slut in the common room?”
“He wouldn’t have been the only one. Look at Berko back there.”
“Exactly. Would you have fucked him? Christian used to make fun of you, that’s what I’m saying. He was a bad guy.”
“Get out of here, Josh. You don’t want me to be pissed at you.”
I decided to press my luck before I went. Standing before the bathroom door, I shouted Christian’s name.
“Yeah, man?” he called back.
“Be good!” It was too much to ask.
And then, with a glance back at Lily glowering at me, I turned off the hallway and found myself on a staircase to the second floor.
Upstairs, away from the crowds, the glossy kitchen, and the halogen downlighting, the house felt like it belonged in the suburbia Anthony and I had both grown up in. Globes of thick, textured yellow glass covered incandescent lightbulbs in the upstairs hallway, whose walls were plain and unadorned. The doorframes were dark wood. There were signs of carpet recently removed, and the floorboards were still dry and unpolished.
I passed a room empty but for one wall against which removal boxes were packed to the roof, then a closed door (the master bedroom?), and a bathroom with half its tiles missing and bare cementboard over the vanity and the bath, punctuated by dabs of old adhesive. After the bathroom was what could only be Anthony’s study. Under a simple table with no drawers was a tangle of wires and a beige computer tower; atop it a keyboard and mouse, two tall piles of papers, and two huge CRT monitors, both on, each one showing a different configuration of charts and tables, some of them alive with movement. A trader’s desk. I pulled the door closed—Anthony wouldn’t want anyone messing with it.
From the open door at the end of the hall, I heard the man himself.
“There’s a hippopotamus on my roof, eating cake,” he said.
I stepped up to the doorway. “Anthony?” I inquired.
“Come in, Josh,” he said.
It was a child’s room. Anthony and his wife had gone to Ikea and picked out all the things I wished I was still small enough to fit in or enjoy: the single bed with the arched canopy over the head, lamps shaped like ladybugs stuck to the walls, a tiny Pöang chair with its bentwood frame, and a bookshelf, only a third full of anything but stuffed toys and assorted child-junk (scraps of paper covered in crayon scrawl, pieces of string, rocks, bouncy balls, disembodied doll parts). Anthony sat on the uncovered end of the bed next to a little girl, reading a picture book to her. Her white-blond hair hung down the sides of her head to her shoulders in twin braids. The room’s small casement window opened on black night outside, letting in chill air. Steeled by childhood’s nervous energy, the girl seemed not to feel the cold.
“Miri,” Anthony told her, “this is my friend, Joshua.”
“Hullo, Jos’ua,” she chirped.
“Hello, Miri,” I said. “Why’s your dad away from the party downstairs?”
“Ant’ony’s not my daddy,” she said matter-of-factly, “he’s reading me a book.”
“I’m your stepdaddy,” he clarified. “And I’ve just finished,” he said.
“One more time!” Miri demanded.
“No, I should go,” he said.
“Stay wit’ me! I’m so bored.” Miri frowned.
I lowered myself into the tiny armchair. Anthony looked at me with concern, thinking I might break it. “I’ve tried it in the store,” I said. “I fit. Trust me.” My relaxed posture, after I’d stretched my legs out in front and leaned back as much as I could, testified to my confidence.
“How about I stay here and talk to Josh for a while?” Anthony proposed.
“Mm,” Miri grumbled. “Okay.”
“Safe topics, please, Josh. Or I’ll have to do this …” He clapped his hands over Miri’s ears and hugged her close with mock roughness. Her initial squeal gave way to giggles, then he released her.
“No problem,” I said, putting on a sober expression.
“I think,” he said, “that of all the people here tonight, I’m most glad to have seen you.”
“Why?”
“Because we wanted to be the same thing. You remember the stories I wrote?”
“Yeah,” I said. At school, we’d sometimes talk about how we wanted to be writers, and share our opinions on the books we read. His tastes, I’d thought, tended to the distinctly second-rate. He read through piles of fantasy novels by David Eddings, apparently oblivious to the way the names might change from series to series, but the basic plot never varied. I came to school hanging my head from tiredness but ready to rave to him about how I’d been kept up until three reading one of the Pierre-heavy sections of War and Peace. But for him it was always good enough to offer his appreciation of one of the dreary novels set for our English classes—Lord of the Flies, for instance.
Getting A’s for English had made him think he could be a good writer, and as teenagers we’d swapped short stories with each other. At first it was sword and sorcery stuff: musclebound hero waves magic sword at giant snake, grabs treasure, saves girl, that sort of thing. And at that we’d been relatively good: it was solid ground. But then Anthony had developed literary pretensions, and that was when I discovered he had no ability to discern the middling from the great in his reading, nor to muster the deep thought and feeling that drives the work of a Tolstoy or a Kundera. His work was bland. Even his fantasy stories went bleak, full of darkness and blood. I encouraged him to bring back the sense of magic or mystery, but he was already moving on to general fiction: straight, unembellished slice of life, with no flourish of imagination, no sense of joy or anguish, no message and no resolution.
One afternoon, before my bus ride home, he handed me a fourteen-page story about a secondary school teacher who went through the motions of a routine day then returned home to a wife he couldn’t decide if he loved. I read the first six pages at home that evening, then put it in one of my desk drawers closest to the ground—I couldn’t stand to face his mediocrity any longer. After weeks of his eager prompting—“What did you think? What did you think?”—I made myself read the rest, and then I couldn’t give it back because I would have to tell him it was useless, all scrupulously described, but with no sparkle and no point.
“I don’t suppose you write anymore,” I said.
“No. No.” He shook his head. “I mean, memos and reports, my trading diary—anyone smart has to write, don’t they? But stories, no. I’ve precious little time away from work as it is, and most of that I owe to Ellie and Miri. The rest,” he paused, and when he began again, he whispered—I was not sure if the effect was for my benefit or for his—“is for my plans.”
“Your plans?”
“I mean to be very, very rich.”
“Doesn’t everyone?”
“No, I don’t think they do.”
“How rich are we talking, here?”
“A hundred million.”
“Holy crap!” I exclaimed. “What do you need that much money for?”
“Jos’ua said a bad word!” Miri accused, delighted. Anthony shook his head with mock disappointment and made that chiding rabbit noise with his tongue against his top teeth—ts, ts.
“What do I need it for?” Anthony said. “Nothing in particular. Great things, maybe. I don’t know. Just because I think I can get it.”
“And how are you doing?” I asked.
“I’m on my way. Finance pays me very, very nicely, and it’s teaching me the skills I’ll need to make it big. I’ve got a bit of equity in this house, and I’m building a trading stake of my own, playing around, trading overseas markets in the evening when they’re closed here. I haven’t worked out my own style yet, my own niche, that thing I’m really good at, but I can feel it’s there. One day, maybe I can be like, maybe, George Soros, or Warren Buffett, James Simons.”
“I’m afraid I don’t know who any of those people are,” I told him, unconcerned.
“You really should. Buffett, especially. He’s one of the world’s richest men, but he’s a humble, cool-headed guy. No hubris or excess. Wise. The sort of guy anyone could be proud to be—especially if they’re into money.”
“Not me,” I lied. “I’m not into money. There’s too much of it around already. I’m into beauty, truth, and freedom.”
Anthony laughed openly.
“That’s a hell of a cliché. How do you propose to be free without money?”
“I’m just hoping I can find a way to make a semi-honest living without doing much work.”
“Don’t bet on it.”
“Academia seems to be a reasonable path to that.”
“I thought your PhD was going nowhere.”
“Hmm. Yes. Well, Anthony, since you seem to be doing so well, do you mind if I tell you what I thought of your work?” It was petty of me, but I had to restore my prestige somehow.
“No,” he said. “It’s about time.” Sensing he was about to get hit, he set his jaw. Miri squirmed as his hold on her tightened.
Your writing was no good, I thought. I didn’t want to say when you seemed so excited that you might do it for a living. There’s a lot of successful writers who aren’t great prose stylists. You could have been one of them—it’s hard to rule it out—but you never seemed to know what was important or interesting. I’m sorry.
And then I chickened out.
“It was great,” I said. “I especially liked the one about that teacher who was unhappy with his wife. You shouldn’t have stopped.”
Anthony sighed. “No, I did the right thing. I tried enough to know I didn’t have it in me. You must have seen something different in yourself, though. You seem to have gone much further down that path than I did.”
“Which one? The Way of the Worthless Layabout?”
“No novel yet, then.”
“No.” The leafy pattern of the lustrous, dark green carpet in the began to draw my eye.
“There’s still time, Josh. Mark Twain didn’t have Tom Sawyer published until he was forty-one.”
“Sure, sure, and Annie Proulx didn’t get The Shipping News out until she was about fifty-eight. I’ve spent a lot of time on Wikipedia looking up how old famous authors were before they had their big break. But do you think I want to wait until I’m fifty-eight, or that I should think it’s okay to? This is what I’ve wanted to be for years, but … I avoid it. I don’t write! I play videogames, or surf the web, or …” Yeah, I thought, you spend hours looking at porn when, if you want a woman, you should spend your time doing the only thing that would make you feel as though you deserved one—writing. “… or I don’t know what, go for a walk, go to the supermarket, something.”
“You’ll do okay, Josh. Just keep at it.”
“Sure. Hey, why’d you ask everyone here, anyway?”
“I’ve been away a long time. First university, then London, and you know I didn’t keep in touch. It’s been years. I don’t really know anyone here, so I thought it was time to rekindle old friendships.”
“But there are guys here who were never your friends.”
“I expected some of them would have changed. I did.”
“And?”
“I think I never realized how different we really were. Guys like Berko … they were bad guys. They haven’t changed. I never liked them. I never will. It’s disappointing. I hoped that some of them would still be stacking groceries back home."
“You and me both.”
“I wanted to shame them with this half-fancy, half-finished house, and with Ellie. But a lot of people are doing well. People who don’t deserve it.”
“I am so glad I didn’t meet those guys.”
He laughed. “I’ll keep in touch with you and Matt, maybe. But no one else, I think. Where are you living these days?”
“Only a couple of blocks away, actually.”
“You should come around here for dinner sometime. Bring Lily.”
Speak of the devil.
In the brief pause that followed his words, a noise—faint, but still too loud—came through the window from outside. A moan—of pain? And again. No, not pain—pleasure. Lily.
“You might want to try that ear thing now, Anthony, before it gets worse.” I grunted as I struggled to lever myself upright out of the tiny chair.
“What is it?” he said, his hands clapped to the sides of the girl’s head.
I leaned out the window, looking for her. Below, past the back wall of the house, was a small courtyard, maybe ten feet deep and twenty wide, paved in uneven brick and overhung by a young elm leaning in from the back-left corner by the fence. In the other corner, there was a timber-clad shed, tin-roofed and with pink paint peeling. In the shadows by its side, in the gap between it and the fence running along by the house, mostly concealed in darkness, moved the silhouettes of a man and a woman. She had her front pressed against the shed wall, her back arched and her ass pushed out at the man pounding her from behind, his hands on her naked hips. Their jeans were half down, and a slash of light from the house illuminated their bare skin, hers a light golden brown, his white.
But I didn’t need to see her skin to know it was Lily. She may have had the sense to seek the shadows (though that slash of light was an immense concern: if it could reach them, so could a pair of eyes in the right position), but she sounded like a porn movie, and she was getting louder. Besides, this was routine behavior for her. She and I had first hooked up years ago on a bed of fallen leaves, amid a stand of trees in someone’s backyard.
Back then, we’d drawn a crowd—and we’d been further from the party. It was humiliating enough as a teenager, but then the incident had given me a certain rebel cachet. Now I stood to be humiliated. More concerning, if it was Christian she was fucking, there were numerous people inside who’d relish the gossip, and that gossip would get back to his wife. I didn’t mind Lily’s indiscretion in itself, but if it stood to ruin a marriage, or to hurt someone in another way, I felt compelled to get involved, against my instincts of self-preservation. Or maybe I was just jealous.
Anthony heard them now. “Jesus, who is that?”
“Can’t you guess?” I said. “I’ll deal with it.”
I raced out the room and down the stairs, stepping on my toes, as lightly as I could. There was no-one in the hall. Not wanting to draw attention to the copulating couple by going through the kitchen, I ran out the front door and around Anthony’s lawn to the passage down one side of the house. It was piled with old trellis and dead rose vines. I tried the other side, and hurtled down the clear path it offered, running right down the length of the block to where Lily and Christian stood fucking. He was going at it even harder, now, and her uh, uh, uhs came fast and rythmic, rising to a crescendo.
I should have known I’d find her this way, in a dark corner with some guy stuffing her holes. I only felt sorry for Tess. Married to an A-grade girl like that, Christian shouldn’t have been inclined to stray. But men are opportunists, and no doubt when this ravenous woman had taken him by the hand to corrupt him in the dark, he’d thought to take everything he could get.
I stopped before them, breathless. They froze and looked at me, Christian mortified, Lily blazing with rage. I shook my head.
“Shit,” Christian said.
“Jesus, what are you doing?” I said. “Is there anyone in there who knows your wife?”
“Probably; there’s Nathan. He still lives back home, his girlfriend hangs out with Tess … oh, fuck.” He still had his hands on Lily’s hips. He pushed her away and she gasped as his cock bounced out of her. He turned away from me and inelegantly fumbled his pants back on. He’d always had something wrong with his knee, and the whole process looked decidedly awkward.
Lily made no such move. She only narrowed her eyes and glared at me. “Josh, I’ll murder you,” she said.
“Maybe you will,” I said. “You wouldn’t have had to if you could keep your pants on for five minutes.”
“I was too horny,” she said.
“Bullshit. I fucked you twice this morning. Learn some self-control, Lily. Why couldn’t you have just fucked him in the toilets?”
“Gross. It’s nicer out here. The stars and all that.”
“Then take a fucking walk. Drive him to the park.”
Christian looked dazed. He could see the moment didn’t really include him anymore, that he’d put his marriage in danger just to be an instrument in a wider drama he didn’t understand. It wasn’t even about me and her. It was all about Lily: her talent, her hunger, and her suffering.
“I think I’d better go home,” he said.
“Clean yourself up first,” I told him. “Don’t let Tess smell her on you.” I was thinking of the scene from The Unbearable Lightness of Being where Tereza catches Tomas out because he comes home with his hair smelling like pussy. “And forget this happened. You married one of the hottest girls in school. You should know better than to put that at risk.”
“Uh …”
“Go,” I told him. “Don’t go through the house.”
He skittered off up the side path, half running in his haste to get away from what he’d done. It was heartening to see guilt in the way he moved, but it was also no surprise. Lily had a way of getting you to do things you only half wanted. I still remembered him saying, years ago, that he’d ‘never play the strumpet again.’
She stood with her back to the shed wall, panting. Her jeans were still off. I looked at her pubic hair, a little triangle of blackness darker than the night.
“I hate you,” she said.
“Sure.”
“Fuck me.”
“No.”
She raised a knee and put her fingers between her legs, grinding against her hand. Her lips parted, and she drew an audible breath. I watched stony-faced, pretending not to care and ignoring my hard-on.
Lily pulled her fingers out and, stepping towards me, she brought them to my face, so I could smell her. My cock ached. “Finish what I started,” she said.
I grabbed her wrist and jerked her hand down.
“Right now, you’re second-hand,” I said.
“Don’t you ever call me that. You didn’t mind, the first time.”
“So you had been fucking before I found you. I always wondered why you were so late to that party. Put your pants back on.”
“Sucking,” she said. “I saved the fucking for you.”
She tried to stare me down, and lost. In a fury, she grabbed her jeans off the ground. I noticed as she put them on that she’d worn no underwear.
“Fuck you,” she said, and walked back inside, pushing past a woman who’d been standing alone by the back door.
That woman looked at me for a moment, then failing to make my face out in the darkness, came down into the courtyard. I watched the toes on her bare feet bend against the rough wooden stairs, and saw the muscles in her calves tighten. I followed the line of her legs with my eyes, midway up her full thighs to the hem of the shirt-dress she wore cinched with a leather belt. She was all beautiful to me, but it was her face that I recognized instantly—fine-featured and childlike, the end of her nose upturned, her lips a short bow, full, deep, and red. Her eyes were blue, and a blue ribbon held her blond hair up in a ponytail that curved to the base of her bare neck. In her hand she held a twenty-pack of Stuyvesant Lights and a disposable lighter in transparent red plastic.
I’d only seen her once, but I’d thought about her every day since. I’d never met her, and I didn’t know her name. I only knew that she was mine. A writer’s wife. My wife.
“Trouble?” she asked. Her voice was clear and feminine, with a pleasant, nasal hint of Cyndi Lauper, and the beginnings of a smoker’s huskiness.
“That depends,” I said, “on what you mean by trouble.” I couldn’t keep myself from grinning. I’d waited more than ten years for this. Now all my loneliness would be over. Forever.
“If you stand right against the window frame in there,” she said, pulling a cigarette from the pack, “you can see pretty clearly down the side of the laundry.” She passed me the lighter, which I flicked into flame and held to the cigarette’s tip for her as she sucked it into burning life. She exhaled intermittently as she spoke, turning her head away from me as she did so. I checked her profile. Yep, definitely her. “But it’s loud in there; if they were making any noise I couldn’t hear it. Houseguests hooking up and doing it in your yard? I’m not inclined to call it trouble. It only caught my eye ’cause I don’t much like parties. Everyone else inside is at least paying attention to each other. But earlier tonight I heard that man gushing about his wife and their new baby. So even if you or I don’t think it’s trouble, I guess there’s a woman who might feel differently.” She looked at me questioningly. “What have you got to do with it, anyway? Seems you know each other.”
“That was my date. The woman.”
“Some date.”
“She’s been better to me than I deserve. It’s complicated. I’ll tell you about it someday, if you give me your number.”
“You two are quite the homewreckers, aren’t you?”
“Excuse me?”
“I should introduce myself. Elizabeth Coltrane. You can call me Ellie. Perhaps if I’d kept less to myself tonight, you’d know that I’m your hostess. And Anthony’s wife.”
My face slackened with shock. There was a second in which I felt myself falling, as though I’d been told I was about to die, and saw my future disappearing.
“Are you okay?” she asked. “Suddenly, you don’t look so well.”
But in that moment, there arose all the resolve I hoped would be with me when I finally met her, and my vertigo turned to exultation.
I blinked my eyes and shook my head, then grinned at her again. She flinched. There must have been something of the predator in the way I set my teeth. I tried to soften as I looked into her eyes with intent.
“I’m fine,” I said. “Never been better. Josh is my name. Joshua Rivers.” I extended my hand, and took hers when she gave it to me. Her fingers were stubby, like mine, the hands of someone who would make a terrible guitarist, but her grip was light and her flesh soft and smooth. Never mind the detail: it was the hand of the woman I loved.
“Pleased to meet you,” she said.
“Likewise,” I replied.
So what if she was married? I had contemplated that long ago, and decided I’d have her anyway. Whatever it cost me, or her, or anyone.
***
2. Dreaming

The first of books
My dreams were born from books.
The first thing I remember is my mother teaching me to read. For my first birthday, she made me a present—a short book of laminated A4 card. On each page she glued a photo cut from a magazine, and beneath it wrote in lowercase, with strokes of a broad red marker, a word that fit the picture. In an early afternoon that filled our living room with gray light, I sat sprawl-legged on the floor looking way up at her, who sat straight on the edge of our corded brown velvet couch like an aristocrat. She held the book open on her knee, as children’s television hosts do, and read to me. “Dog,” she said, and underneath the picture of a German shepherd, I could see the word. “Say dog, Joshua,” she said, and I said “dog.”
“D-O-G. Dog. Read dog, Joshua.”
“Dog,” I read, with infant enthusiasm, grinning. “Dog!” I flailed my arms with joy. Reading! Life never got much better. Reading remains glorious, a noble and elevating pastime surpassed only by writing and by love.
Reading, writing, love—the trinity to which I would devote my life. One year old, and I was already in my element.
On the final page of the book, Mum put a photograph of me, and underneath, the word boy. I saw myself, standing unsteadily by the living room window in a blue-on-blue-striped t-shirt and crumpled green shorts, smiling curiously at the world from under a wispy fringe of wavy strawberry blond hair, which in my later childhood would turn a nondescript brown. “It’s me!” I cried, pumping my fists in the air. “Joshua!”
“So it is,” Mum said, “but that’s not what it says here. Look. B-O-Y.” She touched each letter with her left index finger as she read. “Boy. Read boy, Josh.”
“Boy!” I yelled.
“Yes, darling,” Rachel said. “You’re a boy. You’re my boy.”
My beloved retard
I was an only child of sorts. There are complications you’ll hear of later. But I knew nothing of them when I started kindergarten in Sorrento, on a hill overlooking the sea. There, I did the standard things with other children: fingerpaint, sing songs, play with blocks and balls, with gym equipment and stuffed toys. At lunchtime, my favorite thing was to climb a jungly tree with a little girl who had red hair just the color of mine, but worn long and straight to her waist. Her name was Imogen Stone. A long time ago, before my father won the lottery, Mum had worked as a secretary at the Stone family law firm.
I wanted to believe Imogen was just like me in every way except for being a girl. But in the early afternoon, while I sat alone on a beanbag in the playroom reading books about science that I had brought from home, she was with the others, sleeping on the acrobatics mats the teachers rolled out every day for naptime.
On my first day at kinder, the teacher had thought to put me to bed with all the rest.
“Naptime, Joshua,” said old Mrs. Walker, with her afro of white hair.
“I’m not sleepy,” I told her. “I want to read.”
“No, it’s time for you to have a nap, with all the other children.”
I looked at the mats, where more than half the other kids were already laid out, some sleeping, having winked out as soon as they hit the floor.
“I’m not sleepy,” I said again. “I’m not a baby.”
“You’ll sleep with the others,” Mrs. Walker said, deliberately kindly. “Or you’ll get a smack.”
It had to be a bluff. Summoning the spirit of an Enid Blyton hero, a member of the Secret Seven or the Famous Five (I still had to have long books like this read to me), I put my hands on my hips and said, “You wouldn’t dare!”
She picked me up by one arm and in a flash she was sitting on her story chair with me over her knee. I got three hard whacks on the ass, and then she set me on my feet.
“Now, are we going to sleep?” she asked, as sweet as ever, but I knew now she didn’t care for me at all, nor for any of us or what we wanted. She just wanted to rule us, as adults did. I cried not for the pain—I wouldn’t let such a futile show of force cow me—but for the betrayal. “I’m not a baby!” I screamed, and went on bawling. Whatever Mrs. Walker said, I wouldn’t listen. I cried and raged: “I’m not sleepy! I’m not a baby! How dare you!” I called for my mother, and when a half hour of this tantrum showed no sign of tiring me out, they had to phone her.
When Mum came to take me away, she said that I’d be back the next day—it was, after all, a very good kindergarten, the one where all the rich kids went—but if any teacher there touched me again, she would sue them. And, my mother said, with me to testify, as lucid and as prone to outrage as I was, she would win.
So it was that I got to sit and read at naptime, often peeking over the cover of my book to look sadly at Imogen, who tended to fall asleep after lunch whether she was told to or not. She couldn’t spell, either, especially not words like key, which tried to deceive you by sounding like they might be written with other letters than they were. In fact, she couldn’t write at all, or even read. Nor could she do any kind of math.
Imogen was my first lesson that others couldn’t always do what I could, and often could not follow me where I travelled in my mind. From then on, I would be a few steps ahead, slightly apart, terribly alone. I loved the books I read in the afternoon, but the silence in which I concentrated was painful to me.
Despite her mental incapacity, I still fell in love with Imogen a little, and later that year, she was the first girl I ever kissed. When, at her fifth birthday party, she’d cut her birthday cake and her mother told her she had to kiss the nearest boy, my beloved retard jumped up and ran past three dismayed hopefuls to press excessively puckered lips to mine. I didn’t mind her illiteracy at all, then.
Strangely, it’s not the kiss I remember best from that afternoon, but the back door of Imogen’s house, open behind her as she sat at the head of the table cutting her cake, framing her head in a rectangle of glaring white-blue sky rising above the gray-green tops of brittle tea-trees. It’s the light, and those trees, that stand as the sign of a lost childhood idyll, in which Imogen and I believed pecks on the lips at birthday parties were all there was to love.
Medical malpractice
After kinder, there passed a last, glorious summer before I went to school and my youthful joy in living was destroyed.
As I’ve said, Mum once worked at Imogen’s father’s firm. She’d been a beauty, and her boss, Morgan, now inheritor of Stone and Son, the only significant law firm south of Mornington, had been understandably attracted to her as his executive assistant. But as a god-fearing man, and married into the bargain, the most he’d been able to do about it was to invite her into his social circle after Dad won the lottery and she quit her job. By the Stones welcoming my parents in amongst their friends, Morgan got to see his former secretary on a social basis as a lunch companion for his wife, Donna, and my parents gained their entry into a world of BMWs, fine food, and weekend tennis.
Rachel was never a keen swimmer, and Dad preferred the surf beaches, which he considered too dangerous for me. So until I made friends with Imogen at kinder, I had seldom been a beachgoer even though the bay stood just across the highway from our house. But Donna would take Imogen, and they’d lie out there on the sand for hours, and swim, and Donna would read trashy novels, and when she was attached to me enough, Imogen started asking if I could come, too.
It was in this way I first discovered the distance between our families. I’ve spoken of their friendship, but it predated me. As a child, I saw them as enemies who were forbearing enough not to put their children in the line of fire. They’d fallen out just a few years after they got to be friends, and until I was a teenager, my parents would never explain why.
As I got older and collected inklings of what had happened, I began to imagine that Morgan’s interest in Mum had finally gotten the better of him, that he had made a pass, even that there had been an affair, and that the fallout had divided the Rivers and the Stones forever. At age four, all I knew was that Imogen’s mother, Donna, would never step inside our gate. She’d stay out on the pavement by the highway with her back turned to the house, and look at the water while she waited for Imogen to come to the door and collect me. Then, too, I could remember that neither Mum or Dad would ever come with me into Imogen’s house: they stopped on the road with the car running, and waited until the Stones let me inside before they drove away.
At the beach, Imogen and I swam together. Mum fitted me out in blue speedos with red and white racing stripes, but Donna sent Imogen out into the water naked. Diving underwater and opening my eyes against the cold, salty sting, I swam underneath her, looking upward, to glimpse the surprisingly unremarkable slit lying black across the wonderful white flesh between her kicking legs.
On lazy weekends scattered through the summer, I’d go to Imogen’s for lunch. Sometimes there were other parents and their children there, but I always went alone, delivered and left like a parcel in the mail.
Walled in glass and plasterboard, the Stones’ house was a heaven filled with glaring whites and blues. At the table there were grapes, strawberries, melons, and mangoes, fresh bread, cold chicken and prawns, grilled white fish and lemon juice, and chips cooked in a real deep-fryer. There was a luxury to their household that ours lacked. They had more money, true, but they’d also had it longer, and knew how to spend it well.
These lunches were the bounty of the rich that I foolishly came to hate, to view as the poisoned spoils of the exploitation of the working class. Imogen and I were born in paradise. Later, books and teachers would embitter us against it.
After feasting, while the adults sat and drank, I played The Black Knight on Imogen’s Apple II, and when the girl herself felt ignored enough to sulk and complain, I switched to making caricatures with her in Facemaker. Later in the afternoon, there was tennis, during which we annoyed the adults by climbing into the crabapple trees around the court and throwing the hard, sour fruits into the middle of the game.
“Get out of there, you little shits!” Donna yelled at us one afternoon, and we scurried indoors.
In Imogen’s room, the beach-themed curtains were closed against the sun. The room was dark and cool. Much as I liked the Stones’ clean and modern decor, it made for a lonely feeling in personal places like Im’s bedroom. Her toy box was full of franchised stuff like Care Bears, My Little Pony, Barbie, and Strawberry Shortcake. It was all very boring to me: the toys had come with their own names, personalities, and stories. You couldn’t so easily make of them what you liked. At home, I had a stuffed bear, kangaroo, dog, cockatoo, and monkey that all came to me anonymous. I named them myself and gave them personalities and dramas that belonged to a coterie of unusual and talented, serious-minded friends. In Imogen’s room, I missed their raggedness, and the organic, coarse things my parents chose to bring their house alive: the grass matting, local artworks, and exotic artifacts. I even missed the crumbling statue of the monkey god Hanuman that leered and frightened me in the dark from the table in the hallway when I passed it on my way to the toilet in the hours before dawn.
Imogen flounced on her back in the middle of her bed. “I’m bored,” she sighed.
“Me too.” I grabbed a pillow and lay next to her, head to toe. We were silent for whole minutes.
“So bored!” Imogen moaned.
“What will we do?”
“I don’t want to do anything.”
“Me either.” This boredom in which nothing would satisfy us—in adulthood it can become an interminable depression. As a child, it still lasted a subjective eternity, in which I reviewed my small stock of past glories, searching for something to make me happy. I remembered Imogen’s legs kicking naked in the bay.
“Let’s play doctor,” I said.
“What do we do?” Imogen asked.
“I’m the doctor, and I have to examine you, to see what’s wrong.”
“I’m not sick!”
“Maybe you’re bored because you’re sick.”
“Maybe you are!”
“No, I can’t be sick, I’m a doctor.”
“What do I have to do?”
“You have to stay lying down, and I have to take off your clothes and examine you.”
“Okay.”
If only it were so easy in later life. “Body inspector!” I’d call at pretty girls cornered in quiet moments—alone in an office; a sheltered corner of a public garden; a beach, distant from crowds and cities—and they’d bare themselves for me to admire, and maybe more than that.
Then, in the innocence of childhood, seduction was easy, a matter of mere trickery, but the practicalities were new. She lay inert like a mannequin, and I had to roll her over, prop her up, hold her legs in the air, to achieve the required access to the undersides of her body and remove the garments. When I was done she lay on her back again, smooth and white, a bleached body accented with red of hair, pink of nails, lips, and nipples.
“What now?” she said. “It’s cold.”
“Don’t worry,” I said. “I’m a doctor. This won’t take long.” Standing on the bed, looking down at her, I rested my weight on my right leg and my chin on the knuckles of my right hand, ponderously, thinking of what doctors do.
“I have to listen to your heart,” I said. But I didn’t have a stethoscope. I got on my knees by her side and put my ear right in the middle of her chest, above the sternum. I heard a thudding, and I didn’t know if it was her heart or the blood in my ear. “Good, you’re not having a heart attack,” I told her.
“That’s good,” she concurred.
Remembering how, two months ago, I’d been taken to the doctor, racked with belly pains, next I kneeled up, leaned over her again and pressed the palms of my hands to either side of her navel. “Does this hurt?” I asked.
“No.”
“How about this?” I pressed my fingertips together, and, palms flat, jabbed the points into her belly from each side.
“Ow!” she yelled. “I don’t think that’s right!” So the next time I let my fingers rest very lightly, and pressed inward as faintly as I could. She giggled. “That tickles!”
I would not be put off. This had to be done right. I continued, pressing a little harder, but not hard enough. Imogen convulsed in a fit of laughter, then sprang up and attacked me herself, thrusting clawed and wriggling fingers at my sides, under my armpits.
Instantly, we forgot the doctor game, and Imogen forgot that she was cold and naked, and that we were laughing and grappling with unrestrained childhood energy made Morgan all the more alarmed at her nudity when he and Donna came to tell us we could come outside again.
“Joshua!” Morgan admonished. By calling to me, he made it my fault. We stopped our contest immediately, and turned to face him.
Morgan fixed deranged eyes on me. “What are you doing!” he shouted.
“Joshua’s being a doctor,” Imogen said, full of gravity.
“Doctor!” Morgan cried. “What if she had a baby!” He grabbed me by the shoulders and yanked me backward. “Get away from her!” he roared. “Imogen, put your clothes back on. Joshua, I’m calling your father.”
The yelling and the orders were done with, but Donna hustled me out of Imogen’s room and closed the girl in there. “Go sit by the computer,” she said.
Then she started laughing. She was weak with the spasms of it, and the effort of holding it in as much as she could. She put her right arm over Malcolm’s shoulders, and hung her head towards his chest.
“What if she had a baby! Please … Morgan, she’s five years old! They’re just kids. They were playing. A baby? What were you thinking?”
“But they’re …” Morgan said.
Donna looked at him with loving eyes. “They’re friends, Morgan. Kids do that kind of stuff. It doesn’t mean anything now. Come on, Josh,” and she beckoned me to her, took my tiny hand and held it lightly in hers. “I’ll take you home.”
I had thought it was all okay with her. But in the car, she told me: “Joshua, you must never do that again.”
“Do what?” I asked.
“Get girls naked,” she said. Then she started laughing again.
“What’s so funny?”
“Oh, you’ll have to do it one day,” she chuckled. “But not until you’re older. And not Imogen. Not Imogen, not ever, you understand?”
“Why?”
“Just do as I say, alright?”
“Okay,” I said. But I was upset. Why should it be trouble if, in a bored moment, I made up a game that got a girl naked? I didn’t understand why, but it seemed a good thing to do. Oh, right, I forgot: adults always spoil the fun.
Morgan and Donna had more reason to worry than I knew, but looking back, I wish they’d kept their anxiety to themselves. I’m sure this episode is partly to blame for my later bouts of shyness with women.
The despondence of the future legend
Summer continued. School was coming up, and I expected to love it. So much learning! I decided to prepare by reading a novel for the first time. When the heat of the days cooled off, I sat with The Hobbit on a cane armchair on the porch, overlooking the bay. There I followed Bilbo to the Lonely Mountain and back again, tormented by Gollum’s riddling, anxious when the party was surrounded by wolves and then trussed up in Shelob’s webs, and when Bilbo was alone in Smaug’s lair. It stoked my lust for challenge and adventure.
I was five years old.
Then school began, and every day I suffered its contrast with that world of imagination pressed between the pages of great books. Every day was an indignity. I had to recite the alphabet with peers who knew nothing past ABC. I was ready to learn fractions. They didn’t know how to count. I longed to stay home again, but Mum and Dad insisted that this was life. I must go to school and be with other children. So I went to school, and I learned to split my mind in two.
When the class sat and counted to one hundred, or did the alphabet, I let my mouth work along with the others’. But I let my vision dim, and in a solipsistic blackness I relived the splendor of the books I was reading at home, of lands of puddings and toys, cabbages and kings. Kings most of all. It’s what I should have been. When our teacher tried to secure a moment’s peace before lunchtime by having us pretend to be sleeping lions, I closed my eyes and from the cosmos I channelled the spirit of those lords of the jungle, lying majestic and radiating power. I often won at that game. For my silence and stillness Miss James would call me up and let me out early to lunch, where I’d have the whole yard to myself for blessed minutes before normal children sullied it with their chaos and immaturity.
At age six, in the evenings of my second year at school, I read The Lord of the Rings, including the appendices. It took four months. Emboldened by this success, I started on our house’s 1973 edition of Encyclopædia Britannica, which I never finished. On the day my class first visited the library at school, the librarian assigned me Where’s Spot?, and when I finished it five minutes into quiet reading time, no one believed me. I was forbidden to borrow anything else, so I shoved the book in my bag carelessly at an odd angle, to be battered and torn. Treat me like a child, I thought, and I’ll act like one.
By the time I was seven, my daily misery at school made me melancholy even at home. In the living room on weeknights, watching TV with my parents, I would think of the next day and burst into tears. I suffered throat and ear infections that racked me with fearsome coughs and sickening headaches. I treasured every ailment, because each was an escape. If I was ill, I did not have to go to school, and I could still try to read between fits of sleeping on the couch. Now I am older, I suspect I willed myself into sickness. I gave in easily to disease, welcomed it into my body as a savior.
This world is built on sturdy, narrow-minded people who are happy to follow rules. In my third year, I had the misfortune to draw one as a teacher. On the first day back, with a smile enlivening her chubby, rosy cheeks, Mrs. Bergstrom refused to let me write with a pen because I hadn’t got my pen license yet. Never mind that I’d been writing with ink since I was four—in Bergstrom’s class nobody got to be an exception. After a few days of this, I told myself, to hell with it, tomorrow I’m bringing a pen, and when Bergstrom wrenched it viciously from my rebellious hands, I wheeled around and slapped her hard on the face before she could get away, then fell backwards off my chair. Bergstrom called the principal, the principal called my mother, and my mother took me home.
As I was banned from school until further notice, Colin and Rachel sent me to a psychologist at Monash University for an IQ test, and I came back with statistical proof that I was smarter than all but two of every thousand people.
When I went back to school at the beginning of the second term, I moved two grades ahead into the year four class of Mr. Howell, a charming hippy who lived in an old bus. He always wore shorts, even in winter, and his skinny legs were covered with melted-looking scars from a long-ago motorbike accident. He told us they were shark bites.
But the horror was not finished. The class was just beginning The Hobbit, the first novel I had ever read. But they were not reading it—Mr. Howell was reading it to them.
So even the written proof that I was exceptional failed to save me. At school, I excelled at everything but sport, but it earned me nothing. Teachers and students alike scorned and feared my flawless memory, my head for numbers, and my quick tongue, which could be as easily sharp as it could be silver. Nothing and no one challenged me. Nothing, I thought, would ever dare.
Since things were so easy for me at school, I had time to read on and on through tales of magic and adventure, and to grow in kinship with their lonely heroes: with Conan, with Fafhrd and the Grey Mouser, with Ged, and Taran. All these were the imaginary children of writers who had spent their lives walking in their minds through worlds where one was born with talent for a reason, and where long struggle could win you the power and esteem that were due to the great. These fantasies swelled a dangerous pretension that my intellect was the mark of a high and heroic destiny, and that at school, I merely suffered the despondence of the future legend who must wait for his appointed hour.
The most arrogant person they had ever met, bar one
Come the winter of 1992, I was twelve years old, and the pretension that I was a legend in waiting had long been my constant companion. I had driven it so deep into my heart, and nurtured it so fastidiously, that it would soon deliver me a brief, occult moment to taunt me all my life with the image of an impossible enchantment and grace. I was about to receive a vision of the precise form of the greatness that awaited me.
It was one of those shrunken, gray-clouded days that trouble the seasonally depressed. On that day of prophecy, my winter sadness had weakened me, and I was ready to succumb to one of the multitudinous germs that swarm across the surfaces of a school, borne from snot-nosed kid to sweater sleeve to tabletop and on again.
I was in year eight at the Catholic high school in Rosebud, Padua College, whose best feature was that it was not the nearby state school. Rosebud High was practically an oubliette: cast a child into it and you could practically guarantee that they would never go to university, never emerge from the cultural and economic deprivation of the Peninsula into the sunlight of urban life.
That morning, I was dazed and ill at ease. Roll call gave way to classes spent staring vacant-eyed out a window at the sombre sky. Lunchtime I spent with my back cooking against the grille of a gas-fired heater, roasting slowly as I read through the dreary cavern-bound adventures of The Tombs of Atuan.
The bell rang to signal lunch was over. Next, I had double maths. But before I could leave, Ms. Harper, carrying a green clipboard over her right hand as always, pushed into the midst of the students packing to leave the study area.
Tell someone often enough that they must inevitably be something, and they will be it. All through my childhood, Colin told me, “you can do anything you want to.” I took it as an affirmation of my talent and of my power to break rules, and I have run with it. On the other hand, nearly every teacher I met managed to insult me with some version of this warning, and it was just as powerful:
Don’t ever believe you’re better than other people, Joshua, because you’re not. You’re the same as everyone else. Everyone is equal. No one is better than anyone. You will have no special treatment, because your intelligence means you will always be okay, and for that, we will ignore you. We may even victimize you. Our lack of care for you will compensate everyone else, and if we crush you hard and there is any crack of weakness in you, we can smash you down to our level and will not have to compete with you anymore. If we break you, we will no longer have to face our mediocrity reflected in the steel of your gaze, or hear it in the sureness of your voice as you speak thoughts we cannot think, condemning us for failing to be you, and for poisoning your life with our envy of all the things you may be that we never will.
Okay, I got carried away at the end there. But it’s the truth of what was in their minds. Even that was a mixed message, and in it, the delicious news: you are different, Joshua, you are better than us, and for that, we hate and fear you. In such a way did teachers turn my heart against ordinary humans.
Ms. Harper hated people, too, not because of what she was—she had been born with no fingers on one hand—but because she was ashamed of it. As a child, she must have been taunted horribly, and I suppose her parents never found a way to show her she didn’t deserve it. Cruel children must have told her she was a worthless cripple, and by the time they knew better than to taunt her, she was telling herself they were right. Cripple she was named, and cripple she became, more in her mind than ever in her body. She lacked the mettle to make her club hand a permanent fist to be brandished in defiance of the odious and the wicked. She failed to counter deformity with vivaciousness and wit. Everywhere, she carried that cheap green clipboard, resting it on her fingerless hand which, forever shadowed, turned in the teen imagination to a festering horror. The clipboard covered her deformity, and a love of punishing students’ misdemeanors covered her sense of inferiority. But the attempt at concealment made both these flaws plainer than the most brazen display could have.
I felt I had special reason to hate her, for as my religion teacher the previous year, we had come to blows over the composition of the Twelve Apostles. She included Paul, and I pointed out that this could not be correct, because Paul only ever met the resurrected Jesus. Peter, Andrew, James (two of these, the greater and the lesser), John, Philip, Bartholomew, Matthew, doubting Thomas, Thaddeus, Simon,and the traitor Judas—but no Paul. She swore that I was wrong; I would not concede. Harper gave me detention for insisting, but I went home regardless. How could I allow myself to be punished for being right? My parents upheld my end of the argument, when she called them. After that she bore a grudge against me. It was a mutual ill regard.
Standing in the library study area, with the children not exactly itching to get to class, but keen to be moving, Ms. Harper set out on her power trip for the hour.
“Oh, no,” she said. “No-one’s leaving yet. Not until one of you has admitted to spilling all the 300s on the floor, and set them back on the shelf.”
Looking down the aisles of books, I could see that someone had, unnoticed until now, managed to bring not exactly all the 300s, but two long shelves of them, onto the floor. And they made quite a pile. The disrespect! I thought. In a pile like that, there’d be pages bent and torn, spines broken, hardcover corners punched in like broken noses. My earlier disdain for Where’s Spot? aside, I worshipped books and hated to see them damaged.
Once my eyes focused on the disaster, it looked like those two whole metal shelves had actually fallen down, and the books slid off. The gray-enameled aluminum sheets hung flat against the back of the frame that held them.
“Could it be, Ms. Harper,” and I said this with some relish, “that the shelves have simply broken?”
“No,” she pronounced. “Someone has pulled the books off.”
I started walking. The other students grumbled, but did not move.
“Who did this? Where are you going, Joshua?” Ms. Harper demanded.
Up close, I could see the flimsy metal tabs that propped up our library shelves had torn off the two in question. An obese twelve-year-old could have broken them by accident, just leaning on the shelves, maybe even sitting on the edge of one. It wasn’t impossible to imagine someone pulling them down on purpose, but the shelves were simply crappy in the way that school things, bought on a miser’s budget, often are. They sucked. They broke. Mystery solved.
“I don’t think anyone’s necessarily to blame,” I called to Ms. Harper. “Come have a look at this.”
“No! I will do no such thing! Someone did this! Someone is to blame! Who is it? Who is it?”
I’d only brought my book with me, and I had it in my hand. Nothing else to pack. To my right was the library entryway, a dingy vestibule with heavy green doors to the north and south, leading outside. “No-one did it, maybe,” I said. “Who cares, anyway? If you want them picked up, do it yourself. You’ve got two hands … Oh, wait, you don’t. Anyway, I don’t have to take this.” And I walked out.
Behind me, I heard clapping and cheers, and over the noise Ms. Harper yelled, “Stop that. Come back here at once. Joshua Rivers! Come back here!” One of those heavy green doors slammed behind me, sealing her outrage in.
I strutted to my locker, smirking, but the adrenaline from my encounter with Ms. Harper was already wearing off. My legs felt too light, and my hands shook. I remembered my headache, and was sorry, too, to remember that in situations like this I always feared the adults who had power over me. They could do nothing to me, I knew. There was no punishment that my parents had not forbidden the school to use, or told me not to submit to. All anyone could do was tell me off. I got straight A’s, and I didn’t disrupt classes. I did nothing without good reason, so there could be no argument for reining me in. That’s not to say teachers didn’t try.
I never got to my locker, nor to double maths after it. In the covered way by the computer labs, overlooking the soccer pitch, Mr. Jackson, the year nine coordinator, apprehended me.
“Joshua Rivers, come here.” There was no pretense of gentleness in his voice. I stopped walking and went to him. What else was there to do? I could fight again, though I’d have preferred to go somewhere quiet and sleep. “Why did you leave the library just now,” he demanded, “after Ms. Harper told you to stay?”
“Why should I stay? I wasn’t to blame for the books on the floor. I don’t think anyone was. I don’t have to wait for her to finish being vindictive.”
“Don’t you understand? She told you to stay. You’re supposed to do what teachers tell you.”
I gave Mr. Jackson a harsh look. Telling me I was supposed to obey his kind and their commands was stupid and helpless. He was a chubby guy whose body looked like it wanted to escape his clothes, and the lids of his toad-like eyes were perpetually red and swollen. He must have had allergies. He actually looked quite harried. I felt sorry for him, running into me.
“Why? Why should I do what you say, if there’s no merit to it?”
“Never mind that, Joshua. What’s more to the point is your callous attack on Ms. Harper’s deformity.”
“I don’t care if she’s got fingers on both hands or not. I only brought it up because I was angry. Serves her right, for carrying around that bloody clipboard all the time. She makes herself an easy target.”
“How dare you …”
“How dare you! Go around blaming kids, making them feel small, for no good reason, of course you’ll get attacked. I’m not supposed to know better. She is.”
“Oh, you’re not to know better, Joshua, but you think you do, don’t you?” We were both shaking, me from my last rage, he from this one. “You think you’re smarter, better, and wiser than everybody. But you are the most cruel, and the most arrogant person I have ever met.” After that, he looked spent, his chest heaving.
“Thank you,” I said, and gave a little bow, and for the second time that day, I walked away from somebody whose leave I was supposed to wait for. I am better than you, I thought. I’m better than you all. And as I write this, I think that while I may well have been the most arrogant person he’d ever met, he must have been lying about the cruelty, for I know that he had also taught Lilian Lau.
The hand of chaos incarnate
I walked back towards my homeroom, but when I rounded the corner of the computer lab and was sure that Mr. Jackson wasn’t coming the same way, I entered the gap between two classrooms with blank walls that faced each other, forming a corridor through which you could only be seen from directly behind or ahead. From the end of that corridor, I crossed the soccer pitch to the margin of trees that stood between the playing fields and the high wooden fence that backed onto the freeway. I pushed just far enough into the trees to be hidden from the view of anyone who looked out my way.
The blocks of classrooms across the field stood like small houses amid lawn and sparse gardens, red-roofed and clad in white weatherboard with bottle-green trim. Shifting my eyes skyward, I lamented my headache and trembling limbs, and eased my mind into the sadness that the scene accommodated. It was quiet, as schools should be. No one should have to be here, I thought. It makes mockeries of us. No one respects a child, and it does children no good.
Leaning against the hard, flat-faced trunk of a birch, I opened my book again. The sky darkened as the afternoon wore on, and the damp chill of the little forest made me shiver.
The leaves rustled, and twigs cracked behind me.
Before I could turn around, a gentle hand came to rest on my shoulder. Warm as it was, it sent a thrill of cold down my spine, from which extended, outward to my limbs, spikes of pain that were half harbingers of fever, half the consequence of fear. I wasn’t supposed to be there, and I’d been caught.
Fundamentally, I was a good boy, and didn’t go out of my way to cause trouble. I just wanted to be left alone. But there’d be trouble for me that afternoon, it seemed, and I had no way to answer for myself except to say that I ought to be able to do what I liked, because there was nothing for me to learn at school and it shouldn’t have made any difference when I came or went.
I needn’t have worried. The hand on my shoulder was more rebellious than my own. Indeed, some might say it was the hand of chaos incarnate.
“What are you doing out here?” it asked, and I relaxed. It wasn’t a teacher. It was a girl. As I stood and turned to her, I saw the burning end of a hand-rolled cigarette wedged between the first two fingers of her left hand. Back then, I didn’t recognize the smell of marijuana. Instinctively, she hid the joint behind her ass.
She didn’t let me answer her question. “I’m not gonna ask you not to tell I’m out here smoking. It’s understood. Right?”
“Right,” I said, as I looked her over. It was Lilian Lau, the only Chinese girl in school. The only Asian girl, in fact, that I’d ever seen, since our town was not a favored destination for new migrants. Her mother ran the Jade Gate, a Chinese restaurant on the highway. Sometimes on weekends I’d go play arcade games at the mini-golf place next door to the Gate, and I’d see Lily sitting at the counter, pencil in hand, working furiously on the pages of a sketchbook.
“But that’s not why I’m here,” she said.
“What’s not?”
“Smoking.”
“Why are you here, then?”
“Because this world is full of goddamned fools,” she spat.
I laughed. “That’s why I’m here, too. But why should it make any difference to you? The world being full of fools, I mean.”
“Because one of them kicked me out of art class. As if I have anything to learn from Mrs. Grealy. Look. See if you can see anything wrong with this.”
She thrust her sketchbook at me, open at the page she’d been working on. It was a drawing in soft pencil of a woman sitting on a quilted bed. Looking at her from the front, I traced her figure down from the stark hollow of her clavicle, by her flat, round breasts with dark nipples and her crumpled, lean belly, to rest between her legs, which were spread and raised at the knee. With one hand she spread the lips of her pussy. In the other she held a mirror, and with her face aimed downward at it, her features were covered by a curtain of fallen dark hair. My straight-boy body reacted as you’d expect, and I sat again before she could notice my erection.
“I call it Self-examination,” she said.
“Why would you draw yourself that way?” I asked, looking up at her.
“Because I like to piss people off. Because it came into my head, clear as a diamond, and nobody can tell me why I shouldn’t put it onto paper. Here’s a question for you: can you see anything wrong with it?”
Quite aside from its being identifiably a self-portrait—and I had no desire to insult the girl—it had all the candor and finesse of a nude sketch by Gustav Klimt. Had some libertine billionaire come across it in a gallery, he would have bought it in a second, I thought. Whether it was the girl’s bodily presence on the page, or merely her talent, the work radiated a demonic attractiveness that terrified me even as I wanted to possess it.
“No, there’s nothing wrong with it,” I said. “It’s very good.”
“It isn’t just good,” she proclaimed, “it’s a work of goddamned genius. You know what? Screw them. One day I’m gonna get rich off this shit, and I’ll write this school a letter to tell them ‘thanks for nothing’.”
“I have often dreamed of doing the same,” I said, then laughed, and while I laughed, I looked her up and down again. I’d already seen just about all of her there was to see, but wanted more. I sensed it hadn’t cost her very much to show me this drawing of such an intimate moment. It was a throwaway, a picture of a piece of meat flung out by the spirit who animated it to the lesser mortals who walked the earth beside her. What is there, I wondered, that she could show me, that would cost her something?
As yet, I had no answer.
That day, she was still wearing her summer dress, even though it was winter. Her slender, golden-brown legs emerged at the hem of the thin blue gingham and faced the wind. She didn’t shiver. She was narrow all over, like someone had pulled on her at both ends and stretched her out. Well aware of her leanness, she had taken the dress in on her own, not to raise the hem as many girls did, but to narrow the body so it fit her. Her overzealous alterations would have given her a swelling, button-popping look, but she was too bony. The dress was worn out, even cheaper-looking than most. She looked—slatternly: a bad girl. I was suddenly reminded of something from the morning’s English class, and, ever incapable of holding in the things I know and remember, which most people didn’t, I blurted it out.
“ ‘Yon Cassius has a lean and hungry look’,” I said, smirking.
Lily surprised me by finishing the couplet, changing the second line to suit her sex: “ ‘she thinks too much; such girls are dangerous’.”
She sat next to me in the leaf litter, which was dampening in the afternoon’s gloom, and for a while we were silent. She smoked. I tried not to inhale it so I wouldn’t embarrass myself by coughing. She didn’t offer me a drag. She wanted everything for herself.
The girl was in my year, but given that I’d skipped two grades, she was a full head taller than me. She didn’t end up a tall woman, and with her ancestry that’s no surprise, but back then, she looked much older than me. When, having sat next to me, she put her hand to my head and pulled me in to her, my face plunged right into her breast. It was the first I’d had the pleasure of putting my cheek to since I was a baby. I felt as though I’d laid my head to rest against the world’s best pillow.
“Why did you say that, before?” she asked me. “About Cassius?”
“Because it fits you,” I said. “Lean and hungry.”
“I am lean, aren’t I?” she purred. It wasn’t vain: at fourteen, she was more stringy than svelte. She improved with age.
“But hungry. Most people don’t see that.”
“They must. You look like you don’t eat enough. Never mind anything metaphorical.”
I’d lifted my head to say it, and gave her the daring, punish-me glare I usually used on teachers. She returned a hard, appraising look that made me feel like she was drilling a hole into my brain, in the space between my eyes. “You’re that genius boy,” she said.
“I suppose I am.” I replaced my head deliberately on her breast. It was cheeky, and I expected her to push me away, but she didn’t.
“What do you mean, ‘I suppose I am’? Of course you are. You ought to say it defiantly. ‘I am the genius boy!’ What kind of twelve-year-old goes quoting Shakespeare at strange girls?” Everyone knew my age: too young. It was a piece of trivia like the capital of Colombia or the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow, only better known.
“What kind of strange girl goes finishing quotes aimed at her by genius boys?”
“This one. Why haven’t you ever talked to me before?”
“I didn’t know you were worth talking to.”
“Worth talking to! I should say so. All the guys who know, yeah, they want to talk to me. I put out, too. But look at you, twelve years old and never been fucked—you haven’t have you? No, no, you don’t look like you have. You take to that breast like a newborn. When you’re older, come and see me. We’ll get it on.”
She got better with age, I said, but she never did get any less vulgar. I still suspect that at fourteen, her boasts of promiscuity were just barely more than bravado, but she grew into them so well that they became the full-blown truth.
The moment made me more deeply afraid than I ever was in front of my teachers. I was missing from class, hiding in the trees with a smoking girl who told me I should come fuck her in a few years. Like I said, fundamentally, I was a good boy. At twelve, I was only just beginning to think about sex as something I might manage to experience one day, and Lily had just gone hurtling over a line of decency and good taste to introduce me to the world where she ‘got it on’ with any man who’d speak to her. It shocked me. But I had a reckless tongue.
“What about now?”
“Hmm …” She looked over her shoulder, then out at the grounds again. “No-one around … Where’s a good spot?”
The bell rang. She looked down at me and smoothed the hair on the top of my head before lifting my face from her bosom with both hands. She pouted. “School’s out, gotta go,” she said. Standing, she brushed her behind to sweep away the fallen leaves and grains of damp earth that stuck to her dress.
Then she was off, spindle-legged, across the grounds to I didn’t know where, a crooked arrow flung in the direction of whatever kind of home she had above that restaurant. I imagined her spreading her legs for me in a room festooned with hanging scrolls painted in black ink with dragons, where red lanterns like bell-shaped fuschia blossoms cast an oriental glow over rosewood furniture.
Slap me, Asian ladies, for imagining that she would be such a cliché.
One of her springing steps caught, and she wheeled back to me, smiling. She raised her voice so I could hear her above the wind. “Don’t be so disappointed,” she shouted. “I wouldn’t have fucked you anyway. I was just kidding. Like I said, come see me in a few years.” As if she lived on an faraway island. As if, when I was chiming “present” at homeroom the next morning, she wouldn’t be doing the same, in a different room, just meters away. But then I imagined that she probably wouldn’t be at roll call; she’d very likely be off smoking somewhere, or drawing nudie pictures of herself, if she was at school at all. Bad girls didn’t turn up where they were supposed to.
She pushed the tips of three long fingers to parted lips that pursed lasciviously, and dragged those fingers down over the brink of her mouth. She was kissing herself, and she blew the kiss at me, and turned away, and bounded across the grass. As I watched her go, reveling in the sight of her shoulder-blades moving under her thin clothing, I thought: why does a girl like that wait for the bell to ring before she leaves?
I asked her once, why she’d been there that afternoon, and she told me, “Smoking behind a bush where you might get caught, and where you might meet a boy in the wrong place at the right time, was much more fun than doing it behind my house, with my mother in front cooking, worrying about me turning bad but too busy to do anything about it.”
But let me put it in one word for you: she is contrary.
I realized, when she was gone, that I hadn’t stopped to think how rare a creature she was. Not once had she given occasion to think of her as less than me. Few adults, even, could go a minute without doing so.
I didn’t see Lily much after that, not for a long time. She wasn’t in any of my classes, and she never seemed to be around anywhere. She’s the sort of person you only see at first in the back of in a crowd, or disappearing around a corner. Then one day she’s in front of you, punching you in the face.
Once, she winked at me through a gap across a library shelf before putting a book back into the hole. When I ducked around into her aisle, she was gone.
Once, I heard some year ten boys talking about how Lily gave good head, and wished she’d been giving it to me.
But that’s by the by. I stopped thinking about her after a while. We had our little moment and that was it. The bell rang again, to hurry us. She rode her bike home. I got on the bus.
Helmet
I felt thoroughly wretched. My flesh was burning, the coarse blue wool of my blazer prickled my forearms, and my teeth felt like they had turned to chalk, squeaking and compressing distressingly when I clamped my mouth shut. I had chosen one of the uncoveted seats close to the front of the bus, and for the short ride home along the highway, I sat alone, hanging my head with my eyes shut. When I tried leaning against the window to sleep, my temple banged repeatedly on the vibrating glass.
The bus pulled up at the stop closest to my house, a desolate street corner on the highway, where a few exhausted she-oaks presided over a patch of raw, dusty earth. School was too far for me to ride all the way, but I’d ride my bike five minutes along the footpath to that corner for the bus, and ride five minutes back to get home. I could have walked, but I always ran late in the morning. Often, even with the bike to shorten the trip once I was finally up and ready, I’d miss the bus and Colin would have to drive me all the way to school. He complained, but it wasn’t like he had anything more important to do, and I knew it.
I unlocked my bike, chained to the fence of a shabby beachfront motel. The seat felt like it was made of spikes, and at the slow pace I set, even the fine texture on the pavement felt like it bumped the wheels and vibrated my bones. My limbs would shatter, I thought, and as I shivered in the wind that blew along the road, every push on the pedals was an effort. I wanted to die.
The sudden blare of a police siren cut my ears. Seconds passed, but the cop car didn’t. I turned my head to look and saw it driving behind me, at the same crawling pace I set. He was following me. I kept riding. A good person, who did no harm, ought to be able to live like the law wasn’t there.
The siren stopped and I heard the car door slam, then the scuff of concrete under running boots. “Stop!” the officer called. “Hey, kid! Stop! I’m talking to you! You, on the bike.”
I stopped (in the name of the law), standing astride the bike with both feet on the ground. I couldn’t help but feel a touch of fear. I knew what he wanted me for. No one wants to be caught and punished. But mostly I was just pissed off. When did this ever happen? And why did it have to be now? I should have been in bed already.
“Hey, kid,” the cop said. “Why didn’t you stop just now?”
“I wasn’t aware cops put their sirens on for kids on bikes. I figured you were on your way to do something useful, like catch a murderer or something.”
He ignored my insolence. I wondered how long he’d be able to. There’d be more. The guy was bald, maybe mid-thirties. He had a long, manly face, strong cheekbones and jaw, dark eyes, but his shaven cheeks had a smooth, bland look, like he was made out of wax. His expression of forced sobriety made it worse; it said, “I pick on twelve-year-old kids, and I take it very seriously.”
“Why aren’t you wearing a helmet?” he asked.
“ ’Cause I don’t like helmets.” Ah, the simple truth.
“You know it’s against the law to ride without a helmet?”
“Yep.”
“Then why aren’t you wearing a helmet?”
“Because I don’t care if it’s against the law or not. The law is wrong. I don’t do anyone any harm. You should leave me alone.” You weak-minded fool, I thought, I’m using an old Jedi mind trick. I would have chuckled, but it wasn’t quite the time.
“You’re not sorry at all?”
“Why should I be sorry? I’m riding my bike! What have I got to be sorry for?”
“If someone hit and killed you, ’cause you weren’t wearing a helmet, imagine how they’d feel.”
“I hope they’d have bigger problems than that. You, for instance. What are you doing with me if there’s people driving around hitting kids on bikes?”
“I don’t think I like your tone.”
“I don’t think I like you.”
“I’m going to have to write you a ticket for this.”
“You don’t have to write me a ticket. Don’t you ever think about whether what you do is right?”
“I don’t get to think about that. I uphold the law.”
“I bet there were Nazis who said that, too.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“You may be able to do what you like, but don’t think you get to say it’s the law and that makes it okay. Right is right, wrong is wrong. I feel sick today. I just want to get home. I like to feel the wind in my hair. I don’t want to look like a big, helmet-headed dork. Five years ago that was fine. When you were a kid it was fine. Now it’s not. What changed? Somebody made a law to destroy my freedom. What you’re doing now is wrong. It changes nothing that it’s the law.”
“Why don’t you just shut up, kid? You talk too much. Now what’s your name?”
“Joshua Rivers.”
“What’s your address?”
“31 Nautilus Street, Rye,” I said. Why not give a fake address? It wasn’t too far off.
“Got any ID?”
“I’m twelve. I don’t even carry a wallet.”
“I’m going to have to check that address. What’s your home phone number?” Fuck. My brain froze. I told the truth. I could only hope that Mum and Dad wouldn’t rat me out.
The cop got back in the car, and radioed the station to ask them to call my parents. I thought of making a ride for it—I felt angry enough to pedal hard now—but that was stupid. Of course he’d catch me, and then he’d probably beat me with a telephone book, or ass-rape me with a truncheon. We’d been watching Cry, Freedom at school, so I knew that was the sort of thing the pigs did to freedom fighters.
It only took another couple of minutes before the cop got out of the car and came back to me. “Nice one, kid,” he said. “It’s only twenty-five bucks for riding without a helmet, but it’s a hundred and fifty for giving a false address.”
“Fuck you.”
“You want me to add another fifty for abusing an officer?”
“No.” I scowled.
“Then shut your mouth. Wear a helmet next time. And show your elders some respect.”
He turned and went back to the car. He sat there in the drivers’ seat, looking at me, expecting me to ride away. I just stood there, giving him the death stare. My face was smooth, my eyes cold with hatred. He shook his head, started the engine, and drove off down the highway. I watched the car until it was lost around a corner. Then I rode the rest of the way home, sprinting the rage out despite the fever. I wanted to vomit.
What is it with this town? I thought. Fucking teachers! Fucking cops! Why can’t they just leave you alone? One of these days, I’m gonna be somebody, and when they ask me on TV about my hometown, I’m gonna say they’re just a bunch of small-minded, small-town nobodies, and they can go fuck themselves or die for all I care.
The dream
It may have been an hour and a half’s drive from the city, but even along the waterfront highway, Rye was thoroughly suburban. Retirees had stripped their blocks bare and built monotonous brick-veneer houses on them, fronted by closely-shaven lawns that even in the rainy winter were tinged with yellow. So close to the beach, the sandy earth didn’t hold the rain, especially without the roots of trees to net it.
The house where I lived with Mum and Dad was exceptional, a timber-clad fairytale with a turret, attic windows, and a porch. It suggested money, which we had then, and few others near us did. On top of that, my parents had thrown a garnish of eccentricity, packing the front yard with tropical plants and letting the grass flourish uncut. Walking down the path from the street to the front door, I pushed the broad, glossy fronds of a monstera vine out of my way.
Rachel was leaning in the front doorway with her arms crossed.
“What was that about, Joshua? The police?”
I dismissed her. “Later, Mum,” I said.
“Not later, young man! Now!”
I rounded on her, furious. “I’m sick! I’m tired! I don’t need this! I’m going to bed!” I screamed. Then, eyes already half-closing, I stumbled down a hallway layered with rugs, and crawled up the stairs to my room, where I dropped my bag and collapsed onto my bed, still tangled in my uniform. I clutched at the patchwork doona Mum had made for when I moved into my first real bed, and wrapped it around me.
When I closed my eyes and lost sight of the world I measured myself against, I felt like my body was shrinking and enlarging, flipping between being crushed down to doll size and then stretched out to twice its normal height. But I was exhausted, and despite the pain and the nauseating distortion of my sense of what and where my body was, I dozed and lapsed into sleep, soothed by imagining my down-filled pillow was Lilian Lau’s yielding breast.
When I was next conscious, it was in a vivid dream world where I was only a point of view. Suspended above the ground, I had been reduced to a solitary eye looking down on an empty kitchen. In a room with a wall of glass animated by the silhouettes of branches waving in the tempestuous night, a man leaned on the end of a bench in a kitchen finished in stone and stainless steel. He faced toward the window, and in front of him was a wooden board where a knife and half a red onion lay.
The man had dark brown hair like mine, neatly parted to the left from above the arch of his right eyebrow, with the fringe hanging long enough to threaten his eyes. A day’s stubble shaded his cheeks, and a black winter coat stretched over his hunched shoulders. On his left wrist there was a silver watch with a blue face, which I later bought. On the middle finger of his right hand there was a silver ring, which Renee later gave me. I could barely see the man’s eyes or face, but I knew—this was me. I might say now that I looked in my mid-twenties, but I doubt I could have told at the time. I remembered my future self well, though, and in time I cultivated my appearance to match what I had seen.
A woman entered. Finding me there, she came to kiss me on the lips, turning my chin up to make me look at her. Around her head hung a tangle of frizzy brown hair that bounced to the rhythm of her walk. Her face was freckled, plump and smiling. She was plain, really, except for green eyes bright with interest and concern for all they looked on. This, I thought, was the older version of Brigitte Andersen, a girl I knew from school and had a crush on that I mistook for love.
Later, a pang of guilt would strike me as I realized that during that afternoon’s interlude with Lily, I had not thought of Brigitte at all.
In daylight, I barely dared to talk to her, much less touch her, but here she kissed me! Imagine all the kisses we had shared in the years that made us so old! I wondered how long we’d be together. I never found out, because although in the months that followed I forgot Lily and went on pining after Brigitte, I never told her that I liked her and so it came to nothing.
Cut.
The scene reset. In one frame, Brigitte was there. In the next she was gone. My future self stood at the bench, looking out the window. That cool stranger remembered nothing of the recent kiss. A new woman came in. Slender-limbed, long all over, wearing tight grey-blue jeans that grasped her ankles, and canvas shoes. Her purple t-shirt had a white dove emblazoned across the breast. She didn’t have to look for me, because she knew I was there. When she walked toward me, she flowed like water over the tiles. She looked at me like she wanted to rip my clothes off and sink her teeth into my flesh, and I longed for her, but I would not yield. I took my hands off the bench and turned to her, my arms crossed. We faced each other and tapped our feet. We aimed smiles at each other that looked like frowns. Perhaps they were frowns that looked like smiles. She was mournful and lovely. Her black hair swept down from her scalp like the lank branches of a weeping willow.
We wanted to hold each other. We didn’t. She said cruel words to me that I couldn’t hear. I moved forward and put my hand out to touch her upper arm, but thought better of it and drew back. I turned to the window again. She cursed me and left. I knew I’d just seen Lilian Lau.
This was all very reasonable. I’d dreamed of the girl I had a crush on, and of the girl in whose bosom I’d unexpectedly spent much of my afternoon. I was comfortable enough with the idea of Brigitte, but with the bad girl Lilian I’d imagined what looked like a fight. Whose kitchen was it? Mine?
Cut. Reset the scene.
A stream of other women succeeded Lilian, all unknown to me, as varied as the possibilities life offers. All the major hair colors were represented, all the well-known races. There were black girls, white girls, Indians, Asians, Middle Eastern girls, fat ones, skinny ones, ones with curly hair, straight hair, short hair, long hair, pigtails, bobs, ponytails, boyish crops, tall girls, short girls, ugly girls, plain girls, stunning girls, girls with big breasts, big asses, others straight up and down. Some I kissed, some I hugged, one slapped me in the face, some ran their hands through my hair, one just took her clothes off, one threw her arms around me and cried.
For all their variety, none stood out. They stood for the myriad ways in which a life might be the same, not just as other paths through one’s own life, but the same as others’ paths through theirs.
Here were the visions of my life destroyed, come to nothing: no great love, no great happiness, no special destiny, no special meaning. Job, wife, kids, retirement, death. I knew enough to view those prospects with terror, but alone with each one in that kitchen of the future, I still felt comforted by their presence, resigned even in the scenes of slapping and weeping.
Cut one last time. Reset the scene. There I was alone, leaning on the bench in an empty kitchen, looking out the window.
One more woman entered, and when she did, a sense of gravity fell upon the room, as though a black hole had appeared there, grabbing space and time and warping it so the trajectory of everything that passed by curved in toward that moment, coming to its rest in a fate it could never escape and would never want to.
It was not by any accident that this woman and I had fallen into range of that cosmic pull. We had not been hurtling through distant darknesses at random. The courses of our lives had run straight here, never bending, like twin lasers aimed at this point.
She was about a head shorter than me, and though petite, had a healthy softness about her. Unlike the bony and sharp Lilian Lau, she had no corners. Her blond hair was tied in a short ponytail with a blue ribbon. I’d never met her, but I knew her.
She might have been an aggregate of all the beautiful blond women I’d ever seen on television and been taught to desire, battered and blemished slightly to fulfill the demands of realism. But she wasn’t. She was Her, with a capital H, like God with capital G. She was The One.
Like Brigitte and Lilian, she was real, and she struck me as perfect.
Her blue eyes were bright. Her nose was small and upturned. She had no need to wear makeup or stockings. I smiled at her, happy and aroused. She’d been shopping, and wore her new outfit. She twirled for me on the balls of her feet, letting the centrifugal force push her arms out, showing herself to the man she loved. She was talking, and just as I couldn’t hear Lilian, I couldn’t hear her, but I guess she was asking me if I liked it. In response, I stepped from the bench, gathered her in my arms, and kissed her full and passionate. Our garments folded together, and we mingled in the twilight shadow, bodies pressed close. I worshipped her in my arms, and as the dream cut one last time, now to black, I felt fulfilled and joyful. Two sentences sounded in my mind.
This woman is a writer’s wife.
She’s your wife.
Eating Chinese
I woke up in the dark. I could hear the chatter of the television downstairs, but felt full of silence. Not wanting to disturb my vision of love, I left the lights off while I found a pair of jeans and a t-shirt to change into after shedding my uniform.
Then I went downstairs to see if I’d missed dinner. If this sudden practicality surprises you, who may think that I’d sit and contemplate what I’d just seen, analyzing it to the point where I could dismiss it as a fever dream and then forget it, please understand something. I was, at that point, utterly certain that I had seen a vision of the possible future—no, the best future, and I descended the staircase with a lightness that belongs only to those who are unburdened by doubt and certain of their purpose in life. In my study and in my work, I would aim to be a writer. In my life, I would wait, and look for Her with my eyes, and when she came to me, I would claim her and she would embrace me as her fate dictated. For now, I would eat. Simple.
I lifted an arm to shield my eyes as I stepped out of the room. The light burned an ache into me. Downstairs, Dad sat hunched on the edge of an armchair, enraptured by a David Attenborough documentary on the courtship dances of exotic birds. Mum lay across our two-seater, face hidden behind the cover of Death on the Nile. Absorbed as they were, they still both looked to me at the foot of the stairs.
“Are you alright?” Dad asked.
“What happened this afternoon?” said Mum.
“Nice, Mum,” I said. “My head is killing me. I am seriously not well. Can I take the day off tomorrow? I think I’ve got a fever.”
“Sure,” Dad said. “I’ll call the school tomorrow. Make sure you take a couple of Panadols before you go to bed.”
“Right,” I said. Panadol is Dad’s remedy for everything. I wouldn’t be surprised if he’d told Mum to take it when she was dying of cancer.
“But really,” Dad said, “what happened? Giving a false address—come on, Josh.”
“Hey, I might have got away with it. I didn’t know they checked. And I didn’t do anything wrong. Why should I be punished? Come to think of it, which one of you ratted me out?”
“That would be me, Joshua,” Mum said. “You have to learn there are consequences to your actions.”
“But the law is wrong. And if it is, then avoiding the consequences is right. Seriously, the cops get to tell me I can’t ride my bike without a helmet? How can you endorse that?”
“It’s the law,” Mum said. “You have to live in the same world, and by the same rules, as everybody else.”
“I do what’s right, not what I’m told.”
“Well, then, how do you think we’d feel if you got hit by a car got brain damaged or died?”
“Everyone wants me to think about how they’d feel. What about how I feel?”
“Answer the question, Josh? How would we feel, do you think?”
“Pretty bad, I guess,” I said. “But what has that got to do with me? I’d be dead. I don’t want to make you sad, but I want to live the way I want, while I’m alive.”
“And that’s a fine way to think, Josh,” Dad said. “But rather than how people would feel, the law is about who bears the cost if something goes wrong. If you got hit and seriously injured, insurance companies and the government, and maybe us, would have to pick up the cost. Some of that money is going to come out of other people’s pockets, people who work and pay their taxes. And that’s why the government thinks it’s right to make you wear a helmet.”
“I never asked anyone to pay for my mistakes,” I said. “If the government wants to take people’s money for that, it’s just plain stealing.”
“Strong words,” said Dad. “You sound like Ayn Rand. You should read that book of hers—Atlas Shrugged.” Oh, the mistakes it would have saved me if I’d read it then instead of waiting more than ten years. Along the way I picked up the false notion that striving to own things is a crime. In truth, this world makes it so you must own things before you can own yourself. The poor are slaves.
“But then,” Dad continued, some people think the government’s for helping people live good and fruitful lives—which you won’t if you’re dead—and that making laws and imposing taxes that pay for services is the way to do it.”
“I doubt anyone in the wider world would care if I died. Nobody cares what happens to kids. Look at the way we’re forced to go to school every day. I have to listen to a bunch of halfwits tell me things I already know but they barely do. For God’s sake, remember that time Ms. Harper wanted to put me in detention for insisting that Paul wasn’t one of the Twelve Apostles?
“No one wants to let me make my own choices, and if they think my judgement is so worthless, what use could I be? Whatever anyone may feel, it’s obvious I’m worthless to society. So why take away my freedom just to preserve my life?”
“Such a short-term view!” said Mum. “The idea’s to educate you, build you up so you can contribute.”
“To pay taxes?” I said. “Some destiny. They feed the calf so they can milk it later. Screw them.”
“Wait a second,” said Mum, her brow furrowed. “We missed something, Colin. How would you feel if you died, Joshua?”
“Do you realize the idiocy of that question, Mum? I’ve already answered it.”
“About the prospect of death, then?” she corrected.
“Makes no difference to me. I’ve got nothing I want here.” It was true enough, but I’d just seen something I wanted. Someone, I should say. But I couldn’t tell Mum and Dad about it. They wouldn’t understand.
“How’s school?” Dad asked.
“Shit,” I said. “As always.” They both looked worried now. Jesus, all I had to do was make some general statements about the futility of teenage life and they thought I was a suicide risk. I knew I had better things waiting for me. I wanted to hang around for that.
“Anything particularly bad about school today?” Mum asked.
“I’m sick, okay! But since you ask, I walked out of the library when Ms. Harper tried to keep us in after lunch, Mr. Jackson called me the most arrogant person he’d ever met, and I skipped double maths to go sit in the bushes on the other side of the oval, which was the highlight of my day.”
“You should have come home,” Mum said. “No point sitting outside if you’re not going to class. Not in weather like this. Not if you’re sick.”
“Never mind. I had a good conversation with a girl who was out there smoking.”
“Just so long as you don’t smoke yourself,” Dad said.
“I know.”
“Are you sure everything’s okay, Josh?” Mum asked. “You still have to go to school, you know. You still have to do well. For your future.” Of my two parents, it was always Mum who had the foresight.
“I still get A’s, don’t I? Worry about me if I stop.”
“Okay,” she said softly. “Just tell us if it feels like things are getting too bad, alright? There’s Chinese takeaway in the fridge, incidentally—if you’re hungry.”
I was there almost before she’d finished speaking. Closing the fridge door, balancing containers of Chinese roast pork with vegetables, sweet and sour chicken, and special fried rice on one hand, I called out “is this from Jade Gate?”
“Yeah,” Dad replied. “Why? Do you prefer Paul Louey’s?”
“No,” I said. “Jade Gate is fine. Jade Gate is good.”
I grabbed a fork, tipped the rice and roast pork into the half-empty chicken container, and sat at the dining table, facing out the big back windows at the night-dark garden. As I transferred cold, congealed chunks of Lilian’s mother’s cooking into my mouth, I imagined myself in that future kitchen I had seen, and tried to collect in my mind all the impressions of that one, blond woman who looked set to be the source of all my life’s great happinesses—my best destiny, my companion, the mother of my children. Without her I’d be nothing. With her, I’d be all I could be. Me a writer, and she a writer’s wife.
Once I thought I had her face satisfactorily imprinted on my mind, I sat in silence at the table until the taste of Chinese food was gone from my mouth, then I said goodnight to my parents and went back upstairs to bed. Before I fell asleep again, comforted by knowing that I wouldn’t have to go to school the next day, I thought how strange it was that, having been granted a vision of the woman I was supposed to find and love, I couldn’t think at all of what would come after that moment with her that I had seen.
My myth
When I woke in the early hours of the next morning, I lay on my bed thinking, looking out at the stars past my open curtains.
At twelve, porn had already come to train me in lust. At that year’s school camp, where we slept in tents by a country lake and learned to waterski during the days, I’d gone along with other boys to Matt Bianchi’s tent to examine by torchlight the forbidden treasure of a pair of magazines from his father’s collection.
“Guess how old this chick is,” Matt said, showing us a copy of Penthouse.
“Twenty-six?” I volunteered.
“Way off. Guys, this girl, Traci Lords, was just sixteen when these pictures were taken. That shit is illegal—the companies that did porno with her got in major trouble when the cops found out.”
“Bullshit,” said a whiny kid in the press of bodies behind us. “How do you even know all that?”
“My dad told me. He saved it for me.”
“What’s your dad doing, giving you porno?” I asked.
“Eh? Doesn’t yours? Anyway, just think—this girl is only two years older than us.”
“Four years older than me,” I said.
Matt ignored me and the derisive looks I got. “Hell, girls like this are within our reach now. And this, gentlemen, is what we’re going to do to them,“ he said, laying down an open copy of Hustler over the Traci Lords spread. ”We’re going to fuck them.”
If there’d been any fledgling homosexuals in the tent, I suspect even they would have had hard-ons, inspired by the thought of how many other throbbing cocks were in the room at that moment. So, this was how things went. From the boy swimming underwater to look up through salt-burned eyes at the water-blurred fold between a little girl’s legs, to us all grown and lusting for sex, an act profaned by thousands of years of shame and disease, and unwanted bastard children, and Christian guilt, but still holy and revered, in its way, by awestruck boys in a torchlit tent—the Church of Porn.
I know those glimpses of raw fucking stayed with me, and that a torrent of internet porn, and later one particular girl, slowly corrupted my ideas of love. But maybe it’s not wrong to view love and sex as the same thing—in a sexless world there’d only be friendship between men and women, if that, and none of the tension that passes for romance. I’d appreciate women’s material kindness, and their reading novels when so few men do, but there’d be no promise of flesh, no jealousy or secrets, no mystery, ecstasy, or heartbreak. What would be left? Just the safe pleasures of admired style and beauty, genteel conversation, friendly walks and shared bottles of wine.
So, as I lay on my bed in the early morning of the day after my dream, the memory of that blond woman, my destiny, overlapped a little with the Hustler model of hardcore penetration. But the most damage my imagination would allow her virtue was to strip her naked to lie demurely for my admiration, golden-haired and white-skinned against artfully crumpled white sheets.
I was already cynical enough to suspect I’d dreamed myself a remix of some of the world’s most prized female physical attributes rather than an authentic vision of a magnificent destiny. But I did yet believe in God, and magic, and I was ready to have faith that this woman, and that destiny, awaited me if I could only do the Right Thing all my life.
The dream gave me a goal and a worldview. I had to find my true love and fulfill my destiny in a universe whose future could be foretold, where people, at least special people like me and my future wife, were tied together by forces and histories of an epic scope that transcended the everyday reality we found ourselves unjustly trapped in.
I imagined that in other lives, this woman and I had been great lovers, or perhaps enemies or relatives. From our pasts, we bore each other a debt, and we could not bear to be parted. In each life, now, it was our longing and our destiny to be reunited, and in this one, I had been gifted with a single sight of her before we first met, so I would know her. So that my teenage slowness to respond to attraction could be ignored that one time, and in the absolute certainty that she was mine, I would act without hesitation.
My entire world began to revolve around her.
It took time. I remember the days when, at fourteen or fifteen, out of boredom with school I’d daringly call myself in sick from a public phone and skip school. I’d take a ninety-minute bus ride into Frankston, the first suburb with a train station at the southern edge of the Melbourne metropolitan area, and still an hour’s ride from the city. There, I’d change out of my uniform in a public toilet, and back into it at the end. In between, I’d spend the day walking the streets, reading in the bookstores and the public library, and playing Super Nintendo in the toy department at Myer.
Waiting for the bus home in the afternoon, I’d watch the older girls who got off school early switch from the train to their outer-suburban buses. I’d look at them closely, girls with brown, or black, or red hair, and brown or green eyes, who couldn’t have been my One, wondering if they’d been among the numerous women I didn’t quite remember, but might be in the running to marry anyway.
I’d see a girl I thought I recognized from the dream, and think of going up to her, but I couldn’t say, “I saw you in a vision and have reason to suspect that you might fall in love with me.” And I’d tell myself I didn’t want to end up with those wrong girls anyway. Beyond that, I was just a kid with a bad haircut and a Metallica t-shirt, smart as hell but pummeled down so hard by the drudgery of a school system that couldn’t keep up with me that I had to escape for an aimless day. Suspicious glances from the adults who ran things out in the world told me they thought a teenage boy off school on a weekday must be up to no good, and often I was inclined to believe them.
Eventually, I stopped looking for premature life-long romance with strange girls. I kept looking at them, they just took on a more narrow instrumentality, learned from tv and modern literature. I wanted love, perhaps, but only for a moment. Just for fun. To see what it was like. That’s what being a teenager’s about, right? Maybe it’s just sour grapes for me to think this; my early teens were never very carefree or debauched. I was too scared to enjoy myself, and I worried no one would want to be my temporary partner in finding out what it was to be a man and a woman together. She would be only temporary, of course, temporary, of course, because I knew that my dream girl was waiting for me. A girl would want forever or nothing, I assumed. So I just stayed at home, or played computer games with my friends, and thought about love until the dream of Her hardened into a clear, shining crystal stuck somewhere around my heart, blocking an artery. It took a long time to dislodge.
By Joshua undone
Talent, hubris, and laziness come together in me. There’s my tragic streak, right there. When I graduated high school, and asked my literature teacher to sign my shirt, he paraphrased Shakespeare, writing: “Joshua was by Joshua undone.” I know why. I often liked to underperform, to hold back so if I ever failed I could say, “I wasn’t really trying. I could do much better, if I wanted to, but the task wasn’t worthy, or the moment wasn’t right.” With my prodigious mental energy, I could work like a demon if inspired, but I was apt to be so by unproductive things: playing videogames, reading novels rather than writing one. I consumed voraciously, but made nothing.
Come the summer of 2003, seven months before I met Ellie, I was in a slump. I had graduated from simply having visions into making a profession of being haunted by them. I was nearly eighteen months into that doctorate on the subject of utopianism in videogames, and writing about what had become of humanity’s dreams for its own future when expressed in an art form founded on high technology. I wondered why our aspirations had diminished since the 1960s, why our dreams of revolution and transformation had died.
Instead, I should have been wondering why my own dreams of love, fame, and riches had yet come to nothing, and why I never spent any time writing my novel when that was supposed to fulfill my destiny. But the answer, as ever, would have been: the time is not yet upon me.
One scorching day that January, I sat in my brown velvet in my living room, back from the window so the sun wouldn’t burn me. I’d brought a chair in from the kitchen so I could stand an electric fan on it, crank the speed up to eleven and point it at my face. On my thigh lay a book in navy-blue cloth library binding. On the spine, the title was gold-embossed in plain sans-serif caps: Utopics: Spatial Play, by Louis Marin. It was the holidays, but postgrads don’t get holidays. Every day of the year they face the choice to work or to procrastinate, and most times they do a little of both.
The thesis was not going well. I was beginning to suspect that utopia had died because intellectuals had strangled it with the insidious tentacles of their impenetrable writing. In the book I held, which was supposedly a modern classic on our human visions of paradise, Marin had reduced utopia into “the zero moment of the dialectic,” and surrounded it with other such nonsense.
“What can be said at all can be said clearly, and what we cannot talk about we must pass over in silence”—that’s Bertrand Russell, summing up Wittgenstein’s Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus. Wittgenstein’s book is as much hard work as its title indicates, but nevertheless it has a heart of mystical clarity. In my frustration with Marin and his kind, I turned to it for consolation.
I was supposed to worship Marin, Utopics, and any other number of the classics of what we at the university called ‘theory,’ precisely because they were so difficult to understand. Obscurity, I should have believed, was the mark of genius. But I thought of Wittgenstein, and formed a suspicion I dwelled on incessantly.
Marin can’t state his case clearly, I thought. Therefore, Marin is saying nothing at all.
And it didn’t just apply to Marin. It worked doubly well for the more famous idols of theory—Homi Bhaba, Giorgio Agamben, and even Michel Foucault—who my department’s professors and their sycophantic students idolized.
No sycophant myself, I started to try the Wittgenstein argument out in public.
“There are only one or two ideas here,” I said of one of Babha’s essays, at a cultural studies reading group. “Just one or two sentences’ worth. The rest is… Dare I say it? It’s bullshit.”
Then another week, I said this of an extract from Foucault’s The Birth of the Clinic: “This all sounds very sophisticated, but at the core of it, there seems to be the idea that we were better off before the advent of modern medicine. And that simply isn’t true. Would you rather die than submit yourself to the ‘discipline’ of a hospital?”
The other postgraduates now looked at me with concern when I spoke, as though I were showing signs of mental illness.
I fantasized about jumping up on a table at one of the the weekly seminars at the Department of Textual Studies, while the speaker and their audience discussed some pseudo-philosophical wankery, and shouting: “your emperor has no clothes!”
But I’d have done no-one a favor that way. It made no difference to the world whether they agreed with each other that they were geniuses or with me that they were frauds. We’d all have done more good for people if we’d quit academia and gone to work making dog food. At least you could eat it, in a pinch.
As an undergrad, I’d taken the expected line and written apparently brilliant papers—which I could barely make sense of on rereading—about French poststructuralist philosophy. It had worked: an honors year in which I studied from nine in the morning until eleven at night, and wrote essays that pandered to my lecturers’ prejudices, won me a PhD scholarship that included free tuition and a living stipend of seventeen thousand dollars a year.
At last, I thought, I was a writer! Surely, the blond woman of my destiny could not be far away. I would be a writer, and she my wife. But it had been eighteen months, and still she had not come. I worried I’d done something wrong. Maybe it was because I was becoming an academic rather than a novelist. Since I’d had the dream of Her, I’d assumed I would write fiction for a career, but I had made no progress. I was increasingly unsure it was the sort of destiny I’d ever manage to have. I’d found neither my voice nor my great idea in fiction, mostly because I’d been too busy wasting my time to go looking for them.
And then, there was Renee, my girlfriend of three years. I’d been putting off dumping her for—oh, about three years—hoping my dreamgirl would come along and I’d be able to just slide into life with her without any danger of loveless singlehood in between. (I never worried about sexlessness: there was little danger of that so long as Lily and I lived in the same town.) But maybe Renee was warding my destiny off, and never mind whether I was a writer yet.
Looking for positives, I could have told myself that at least Renee didn’t care about the mushrooms that grew in the carpet after rain, or about any of this student squalor. We laughed about them together, assuming they would pass. But after three years with her, I cared little about her attitudes to mushrooms or to anything else. She filled in some of the many empty spaces in my schedule. She fucked me, but with too little enthusiasm. She talked with me, but didn’t have enough to say. She didn’t quote cultural theorists, didn’t read much, wore herself out between studying law and working at a cosmetics concession at Myer, the city’s biggest department store, and she typically fell asleep just when the night was wearing on and I wanted conversation. I read almost all day and night (or I should have), and languished in my armchair. I had energy to spare when she was around, but she had none for me.
Such differences between me and others, between me and Renee, between me and everyone in the conformist, money-grubbing, nine-to-five world, made me feel like I was living on an asteroid at the edge of space. I felt more alone with Renee than without her. She was a pretty face on my pillow, a reliable human presence, fuck toy, and winter bedwarmer. All these were fine things I’d miss if I lost them, but not what I believed I was meant for.
Worst of all, she didn’t inspire me to write. She was born to be the muse of an ordinary man, I thought, to drive him to the standard life I feared more than anything but was exactly what I thought I’d be trapped in. The PhD was turning into a mess I couldn’t see a way out of, and if I couldn’t finish and then end up a professor I’d just be one of thousands of young people in their mid-twenties who graduated university with nothing but a useless BA. Above almost every toilet paper dispenser on campus there was a version of the same scrawled joke—“Bachelor of Arts: please take one.”
The fear made me shiver, there in my armchair in the afternoon, and my eyes felt the salty ache that comes before tears. I didn’t want to cry, and I didn’t want to be alive, either, to face it all. I closed my eyes and curled my legs up under my buttocks, against the velvet cushion.
How could I escape from the standard life, from Renee? Write, Joshua, I thought to myself. Write!
But my oeuvre, such as it was, consisted only of several years of notebooks. The smallest fit in a trouser pocket; the largest was an unlined A4 sketchbook bound in black vinyl that my parents had given me long ago to draw in. I’d scribbled over thousands of pages, scrawled partly-written novels and thousands of paragraph-long sketches never turned into essays or short stories. I’d left them undone, resting in the fullness of a potential brilliance that would never be sullied by being brought to imperfect fruition.
All I had, effectively, was the blank page—that first, insurmountable obstacle on which so many aspiring writers impale themselves and die. Scraps would no longer do. I had to start something real. Something significant. But I couldn’t. Not now, anyway, I thought. I have to finish my doctorate.
Pushing aside my self-doubts and my true ambitions, I swallowed and pressed on with the book I held, struggling to understand it. Marin must have hidden, amid the nonsense, a scrap of insight that justified the hundreds of times I’d seen him cited. Forgetting that Utopics belonged to the university library, I wrote in the margins, “what is this all about?”
Blasphemer! Tearing or marking the page of a book had horrified me since I was a child, even if I did it by accident. I thought of rooting through the middle drawer of my antique desk for an eraser, but decided to let the question stand there on the page. I liked seeing it desecrated. My mouth filled with saliva and my heart with the urge to spit on the page.
The sun streaming through the north-facing window was too hot. I’d turned the fan off for a break from its relentless blast of air, and ensconced in the brown, corded velvet of my reading chair, I sweated and felt light-headed. The words swam. I continued. My head ached, and that depressive feeling, where you want to sleep so you don’t have to face the world any more, returned. And so I let my head fall back and dropped from lamenting what my life had become into a troubled sleep.
I dreamed, and the light that fell on my eyelids through the window streamed red-gold through my mind, and bounced from the back of it as the echo of my past vision, of a blond woman twirling on her heel in a new outfit, showing herself off to me and then looking at me for approval. I noted the girlish royal-blue ribbon with which she had tied her ponytail. And then I saw that other woman, in the same place, the one with black hair and slender legs, who wore a purple t-shirt emblazoned with a picture of a dove, and she was cursing me, silently cursing me.
I awoke with a start. I’d been dreaming this sometimes, and lately seeing the t-shirt with the dove chilled me. There aren’t supposed to be things like that in the world, visions that come true. It was bad enough that I held onto this childish dream of a woman who was meant to be my one true love—the woman I’d marry, a writer’s wife, seal of my destiny. But I could, at least, discount my belief in it as foolish. Plenty of smart people believed in and hoped for things that would probably never be real, like God, life after death, and the garage band they formed with their high-school buddies getting a major record deal. I could have put that woman together out of memories of models and actresses.
That’s right, Joshua, I thought, it’s a fool’s dream. Give it up and embrace the life you have.
I told myself this, sometimes. But it had never worked. And now there was worse.
About a month ago, I’d been to see Lily at her townhouse in the gentrifying old working-class suburbs just north of the city, and she’d answered the door wearing that exact shirt I’d seen in the dream, purple with a white dove. A thing like a face gets fuzzy in your memory; there’s no guarantee I really dreamed of Lily looking like she does now. But I could never forget such a simple, graphic thing as a purple t-shirt with a white dove on it. And now it happened to be real.
But what was I doing dreaming of women? There was a great Anglo-American axis of power readying for imperialist war in Iraq, preparing to loose amphetamine-fueled jet pilots to wreak their trigger-happy havoc on Arab schools, homes, and hospitals. My mind should have been planning its revenge, dreaming of revolution, of perfect worlds without war, global tyranny, and capitalism. But the decay of my relationship with Renee upset me too much. I couldn’t forget the inadequacy of our love even in sleep, and it drove me to fantasies of women who didn’t exist (the short blond) or who I shouldn’t have bothered to long for (Lily in the purple t-shirt).
I shouldn’t have bothered, but I rose from my armchair and brushed my teeth in the bathroom, where I also ran my fingers through product-textured hair, tousling it back into an intentionally choppy wave and teasing the top forward to cover what I could of the bare skin cutting into the hairline, yet another sign of my glory fading before it even had a chance to begin. I collected my keys, wallet, and mobile phone, and walked out into the blazing afternoon to catch the train to Lilian Lau’s.
I said before that I didn’t see Lily much after that afternoon we met in the bushes by the oval at school. But that was only true for the first couple of years. Later, obviously, we got to know each other very well indeed.
***
3. Flowers

Rose and Lily
Here is how Lily and I really started.
Not long after the afternoon of my dream, when I had told my parents “I don’t care if I die,” Mum and Dad had decided to move me to another school. They’d thought my refusal to wear a helmet meant I had a deathwish. If they’d dared to clarify my stance, they’d have found it had far more to do with the belief, which I stand by, that I look silly in hats, and my resolve that nobody, not my parents and not the cops, was going to make me wear one if I didn’t want to.
But the upshot of their misunderstanding was that in 1993, for year nine, I moved from the Catholic high school in Rosebud where I had met Lily and hated Ms. Harper, to the only half-decent school in an hour’s drive. Peninsula Grammar cost about fifteen thousand a year. At the time I thought my parents were good for it, but the extravagance, which they expected to pay for itself in the form of my not committing suicide at least until I’d graduated high school, set a bad precedent for the family finances.
Still, Mum and Dad guessed rightly that I’d be happier somewhere the teachers knew a few things that I didn’t. Fundamentally, all they wanted was to reduce the chance they’d find me hanging dead from the rafters one day with a rope around my neck. I have to give them credit for that.
From then on, I rode the bus for forty minutes every morning and afternoon. Matt Bianchi’s father, Val, owned a pub in Sorrento, and Matt made the jump from public to private with me that same year. It was a common money-saving trick, even among the few well-heeled families around. You send your kids to cheap Catholic or public schools for as long as you can. Then, you move them to the private system later to improve their chances of getting into a good university, or to split them up from low-class friends who were getting into shoplifting and drugs.
I made a few new friends to supplement Matt, none of them very close—most lived too far away to spend time with at nights or on weekends. I read a lot of books, mostly fantasy, which I swapped with Anthony Coltrane, a lanky, flat-haired boy with a hook nose and receding chin. He, too, fantasized about being a writer, and we showed each other our own amateur stories, short swashbucklers in the vein of Robert E. Howard, which we could dash off quickly and required little knowledge of life in the real world.
That year, Matt lent me a cd-rom called Anal Vision–another gem from his dad’s collection—filled with postage-stamp-sized videos of guys fucking girls in the ass. From watching the actors jerk their load out all over the girls’ naked bodies, I discovered masturbation.
There were no loves; I waited for my blond. Such is life. You can spend years like this, going nowhere, doing nothing, wasting your time soaking up books and movies, porn and love songs, which make you long for things even as they steal from you the time you need to chase them.
Three years passed.
In February 1996, Yasser Arafat was president of the Palestinian Authority, and Jacques Chirac had just announced an end to French nuclear testing. Alanis Morissette won album of the year at the Grammys, and human grandmasters still regularly beat supercomputers at chess.
But in my world, the most important thing that happened was that on the first day of school that year, the bus route boys-only Peninsula Grammar shared with the nearby girls’ school, Toorak College, changed. My stop dropped off the end of the route I’d shared with Matt, and became the beginning of another. Now, when the bus got to my stop it was empty, and I faced no opposition when I claimed the year twelve’s prize: a place on the bench seat at the back.
The second stop was in front of Jade Gate, which sat next to a glazier in a lonely stand of shops across from the campgrounds on the West Rosebud foreshore. Sitting by the window in the restaurant before the light faded, diners could look out on rust-bitten caravans amid the tea trees, their canvas annexes faded after years in the holiday sun.
Two girls got on the bus at that stop. One I recognized as Lilian Lau, leggy and brown, who crushed a cigarette beneath the round toe of her school shoe before mounting the stairs and roll drunkenly up the aisle, still half asleep, grasping at chair backs. She smirked from beneath a fallen fringe of jet-black hair, and the glimmer from beneath a morning haze in her eyes suggested dreams of eating the world.
The sight of Lily briefly stirred my teenage lust with the memory of that afternoon, long ago, when we had met. But it died in the space of a breath. Behind Lily came a girl white-blond and busty, a head shorter than me, her ponytail and breasts bobbing with each morning-bright step. On her dimpled, smiling face, my mind imposed the memory of the dream—she a writer’s wife, and me a writer.
Of course I smiled at her, but when she reached the back, as though sensing how pathetically I adored her radiance, she installed herself directly in the corner opposite. Too bad for her: that was the landward side. I’d keep the bay view to myself.
But that thought didn’t account for Lily, who collapsed right next to me and threw her schoolbag up on the seat. The bag, originally boxy, was now so excessively shapeless it looked to have suffered a savage beating. I stared at the back of Rose’s head while Lily slouched forward to scrutinize me from under her fringe. She went first to my eyes, locked on the blond. “You’ll have to excuse her,” said Lily. “She can be rude.” First day of school, and already I was shattered—ignored by the girl of my dreams. “Rose,” Lily called, “look up for a moment and say hi.” And so she turned her head, beamed, and said it: “Hello.”
“Hi,” I replied, blushing.
Lily pushed half her fringe behind her right ear, and narrowed her eyes. From the depths of her meager chest she rumbled a subtle purr or growl that only I could hear. Later I would understand it as her jealousy. Because of all those white guys who’ll tell you “I’m not interested in Asian girls”—and the Peninsula was almost exclusively a white area—it irked her not to be the first focus of a man’s attention. To break my stare at Rose, she nudged my shoulder and said, “Hey, you’re that genius boy!”
“Didn’t you say that once before? I have a name, you know.”
“Let me see …” She frowned, then clicked the fingers on her right hand as she flung them out to point her index finger at me like a pistol, with a broad smile that showed her long teeth, close-packed into a nigh-flawless ivory wall. “James!”
“You know each other?” Rose asked.
“Evidently not,” I said. “My name’s Joshua.”
“We never introduced ourselves, did we?” said Lily.
“Did we need to? I’d heard of you.”
“I’d heard of you, too. United in infamy, I see.”
“Hah, infamy,” Rose laughed, bright and musical. “You’re not a nefarious slut like Lily, are you?”
“Don’t be fooled,” Lily said in a mock-whisper, “we’re actually very good friends, Rose and I. Neighbors, you know. No, Joshua and I used to go to school together. We didn’t know each other except by reputation. He skipped two years, you see. Which is why”—and she turned to me—“I’m not hauling your twelve-year-old ass over the back of the next row into a kid’s seat where you belong.”
“I’m fifteen. Sixteen in April.”
“Are you really? Guess I knew that, too. It doesn’t take a genius to add and subtract.”
In the subsequent lull in banter, I looked over to Rose, who turned back to the window. Lily leaned her head on my shoulder and craned her mouth up to my ear to speak, low and smoker husky. Brushing against my nostrils, her tangled, unwashed hair smelled dusty and hot. “Rose,” she said, “is a bad idea.”
“What?”
“Oh, don’t be that way.”
“What way?”
“You’re trying my patience, kid. Look, I know why you’re mooning over her already, all blond and fleshy like she is …”
“You don’t know anything about it.”
“Don’t I?”
“No.”
“Then, tell me.”
“I’ll tell you if you’re nice to me.”
Lily drew her body up, and turned on me with eyes that looked like they were charging up to fire lasers. “I do a lot of things, but I don’t do nice. So if you won’t tell me your secrets, and if you won’t tell me that you already want to fuck a girl who you’ve only just met, maybe we’ve got nothing to say to each other.”
“Maybe not.”
And that was the end of my first day’s conversation with the girls. Lily got out a copy of Anna Karenina and started reading. I pretended not to notice, though it impressed me. In sullen silence, I stared out the window and thought of Rose, and all through the day nothing else could hold my attention. When I slept that night, I dreamed my dream again.
We’ll have time to get to know each other, me and Rose, I thought the next morning. Time for our destiny to flourish.
An ordinary girl
I spent the Easter break that year at Lorne, a more prosperous seaside resort town about three hours’ drive away, staying with my parents in a hotel room overlooking the ocean. Why we strained ourselves to go there when we already lived near the beach, I could not then answer, but now I know there was a ritual in the travel. It reminded my parents time was passing and gave them a sense of progress. We paid homage to the idea of holidays precisely because Mum and Dad never worked.
No school meant no bus, no Rose, and thus an abundance of miserable pining for me. Across the road from the hotel, by the beach, there was a trampoline park where a leggy fourteen-year-old flirted with me. But the encounter, pregnant with the promise of those easy kisses into which children and teenagers can throw themselves, died in the womb by dint of my obsession with Rose and my delusion that lust and sex ought properly be tied to love and destiny.
My mild erotophobia—nothing on the level of a Nietzsche or Satie, but there nonetheless—must all go back to that primal scene where, at five, I had been forbidden from touching Imogen’s naked body.
But there were surely other triggers. Dad harrumphed and chanted “fast forward, fast forward,” every time there was a sex scene in a movie on television. I felt it was ridiculous to lust mostly after seventeen-year-old girls when I was two years younger. Girls my own age would turn me off by saying things like “you have such a deep voice,” and on hearing of my grade-skipping, “you must be really smart,” which made me feel they were beneath my dignity. Rachel had taken me to church when I was younger, where they told you sex was sacred, to be kept for marriage, and neither my typical interest in masturbation, nor my beginning forays into reading Nietzsche, had succeeded in dislodging a superstitious guilt about my sexual feelings and conduct. Then, finally, there were the insistent echoes, in the media, of a puritanical feminism that insisted “all men are bastards,” and implied that I, my body, and my desire were all unasked for and unwanted.
So I hardly dared to touch a girl. When that pigtailed, smooth-faced creature by the seaside said hello to me and asked me what I was doing there by the trampolines, she touched my arms lightly at points of interest while I told her. But I neither believed her touch meant anything nor knew to grasp her back, to lean in to kiss her or to grab her by the hand and take her off down the shore to be alone.
We parted. I spent the afternoon alone and lonely in the hotel room, longing for Rose and imagining catastrophes that might awaken her love for me. It would have been ideal to have a bus crash in which I pulled her—only slightly bloodied—from wreckage full of the mangled corpses of less remarkable schoolchildren, thereby winning her undying devotion.
Yet, for a girl who I would gladly sacrifice innocents to attract, her conversation was poor.
I had learned that most of the time, when they didn’t have gossip to review, the girls preferred to be apart. Lily would sit as close to the ocean as she could when on the bus, while Rose preferred to look inland at the shops, hills, and houses. If I wanted a girl’s company, I could usually just install myself in the relevant corner, and, drawn to the windows as though magnetic, the one I wanted would slide up to me without hesitation. The day when school began again after the Easter break, I chose Rose, as I did whenever desire outweighed anxiety. She sat next to me silent and morose, saying nothing and apparently looking at nothing. She’d wrapped her shoulders in a navy blue shawl of open-weave angora, the fringe of which was trailing on my right hand, suggesting the warmth and softness of her body. A body I only imagined, of course—for all I knew she might turn out to be hard and plasticky under that dress, like a Barbie. I had never touched her to disprove it.
On our way out of Lorne after Easter, Rachel and I had gone to a second-hand bookstore to get something new for the drive home. Enticed by its lurid devotional artwork, I chose a copy of Bhagavad Gita As It Is, edited and translated with voluminous commentary by Hare Krishna guru A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. I’d been fascinated, and it should, I thought, have been a perfect topic for conversation with anyone.
I asked Rose, “Have you ever read the Bhagavad Gita?”
“No,” she said.
Of course she hadn’t, foolish boy! She’s just an ordinary girl!
But Lily now tells me that on hearing me begin to talk eastern mysticism, she perked up and looked over.
I pressed on with Rose. “Well, it’s this ancient Hindu holy book,” I said. “I bought it on holiday for two bucks. It’s really good.”
“Uh-huh …”
I had the book in my lap, and I opened it to the full-color page where Krishna floats in space surrounded by perfectly spherical bubbles holding beautiful devotees.
“It says that there are five different ways to be devoted to Krishna: passively, actively, as a friend, as a parent, and as a lover.”
“Mmm.”
“Isn’t that amazing?” I said. “In the West we only think of ourselves as God’s children. But I think I’m definitely of the lover kind. Of course, here it’s imagined that God is a man, but that force must have a female side, too. I can just imagine curling up in space with her, her smooth body and her shining hair …”
Rose’s upper lip had taken on a disdainful curl, and I thought, Did I go too far? Am I giving my feelings away? Surely she can see, just by the way I look at her … ? Or does she really just not understand or care what I’m talking about?
• • •
One afternoon, many years later, Lily and I lay in bed and I, moping about what I considered my lack of achievement in life, said, “you know in the Bhagavad Gita they make out like the most wretched creature on Earth is the one who shirks his appointed destiny?”
“Why this, now?” she said.
“Oh, nothing. Just blue. It’s a gray afternoon. You read it, right?”
“A long time ago. But you know what I remember?”
“What?”
“That day on the bus, when you told Rose how you wanted to worship her like a god. I sat there listening to you, all intense with your deep voice, and I rocked my hips out and squirmed against the seat, thinking of how I’d make you worship me, with your head between my legs. That was the first time I got wet for you.”
“That was the day I turned sixteen.”
“You should have told me. I was in a condition to give you a real happy birthday.”
On the tip of my tongue
I’d wanted to talk to Rose abut the Bhagavad Gita because the Hindus believed in reincarnation. I had many mystic theories about the nature of my dream of perfect love, but my favorite was that She and I had known each other before, probably many times, over hundreds or thousands of lives, and were bound together by an awesome passion or perhaps even a cycle of terrible tragedy that in this life we would redeem. I did not think of this as something that happened to ordinary people.
This was heresy, I thought—for at the time I still felt a deep attachment to the Catholic faith I’d been raised into. I knew I wasn’t supposed to believe in reincarnation or to think I was better than any other sinner. So the other option was just that this was God’s plan for me. But reincarnation made a better story, and so did heroic destiny.
That she and I shared such a bond proved we were marked for great things. Normal people’s choices, I reasoned, impacted only on their own small happiness or suffering, and so the cosmos would not bother to give them any special favors of foresight. If in the same thought as I knew she was my wife, I also knew that I was to be a writer, then one was necessary for the other and I’d been told this because I might save the world somehow with the ideas I put to paper.
I thought of Rose as my muse, and longed to be with her so I could bring to life everything we were meant to be. I savored the pain of unrequited love, not daring to confess because I feared the time was not yet right, and rejection would end the expectation of one day having to kiss, to walk with on beaches, and to hold as the talisman that would guarantee the fulfillment of my purpose in the universe. There were Mondays when I thought to myself, this will be the week I tell her how I feel, and every morning while I sat alone on the bus before it reached the Jade Gate, I worked myself into a panic rehearsing our conversation.
Before I left home, sometimes I’d play a tape of Diesel’s Hepfidelity album. I used an old player of Colin’s with one of those three-digit location readouts where the numbers turn around on wheels, so I could fast-forward precisely to to “Tip of My Tongue.” I sang along:
Tonight’s the night
 I’ll make my true confession.
 I’ve got my courage up,
 there’s nothing that’ll keep it down now.
 My words get tangled up
 in good intentions,
 but I know what my heart wants to say …
 You’ll never know if you walk away.
And all that pressure was too much. The weight of my entire future—no, the world’s future!—rested on me when I looked at her and thought of sitting in her corner so I could say, “I like you, Rose. Will you go out with me?” There was a whole life to be fulfilled or ruined. Everything I looked forward to was about to be consummated or put forever out of reach.
Every time I turned my head in her direction, or smelled her perfume (White Musk by the Body Shop), my heart raced and I believed the prepared phrases must be wrong—that I would be doomed if I acted now. Every afternoon, I waited until the last minute, and then she took her bag, walked off the bus and went home.
I didn’t have her number, so I couldn’t call her up to confess. It seemed that I would never tell her. In years to come, when I’d be struck by panic attacks with chest pains, nausea, and heartburn if I thought too much of Ellie, I’d realize that to make any move on a woman at all, it’s best not to care what the outcome is. You have to trick yourself into thinking you’re not going to talk about how you feel or what you want from her. Then, you let yourself say whatever equivalent of “I want you” you can muster before you realize that you’ve done it.
One fine afternoon, when the blissful autumn had me convinced Rose could not possibly refuse, I asked her. By the stop outside the supermarket in West Rosebud, one before the Gate, the bus was all but empty. I don’t know what had happened to Lily, but it was just me, Rose, and a fat grade six kid taking up a seat and a half down at the front. I was glad we were alone.
Near the stop, a lanky boy slouched in a white hoodie-and-track-pants combination, emblematic of a new white-trash aesthetic whose arrival would later be commemorated by a maddening amount of radio airtime devoted to playing the Offspring’s “Pretty Fly (For a White Guy).” This teen hoodlum was ahead of the curve. But I didn’t watch him for more than a second: I was sitting in silence with Rose next to me, and through my head, over and over, the words were running, I like you, Rose; I like you …
The bus stopped. She stood. But this wasn’t her stop. She wasn’t supposed to be leaving yet. I watched the front of her dress slide across her body as she took her bag down from the ledge overhead. She turned, went two steps down the aisle, and then I said, “Wait! Rose, don’t go.” By the time she’d turned back to me, I was standing in the aisle.
I didn’t give her time to ask me what I wanted or tell me that she had to leave. I just started. “I like you, Rose,” I said. My voice didn’t quaver: once I’ve launched into this kind of thing I do it clearly, with conviction that comes from having meditated on the moment so long. “I’ve wanted you for a long time,” I went on. For going on four years, I thought. Ever since I dreamed of you.
My word, “wanted,” was too strong for her, too intense for people our age (even for her, at seventeen). I think now, of Elvis Costello’s groaning agony at the end of that song of the same name—“I want you”—and what I felt then was nothing so sexy and brutal as that, but I had wanted nothing more than her, or what I thought she was, since the day I first met Lily in the trees at Padua, then went home and dreamed of Her with a capital H.
At first, Rose showed a flicker of tension, a pupil-constricting freeze that flattened all the emotion on her face into nothing. But she followed it with a melting, sad-eyed look of deep pity, soft like my memory of what it was like to lay my head against Lily’s breast. It was the only extraordinary thing I ever saw in or from Rose. Such a look in a woman’s eyes, more than any cruel, rejecting laughter, tells you for certain that you have lost. “You poor fool,” it says. “Doomed to love me but never to know me, never to have me. I might have cared for you, but it will never be.”
But the first person who got to speak in that moment, while I waited for Rose’s response, was the bus driver. Lodging his wad of chewing tobacco in a perpetually bulging cheek polished to a high, red gloss, he spat, “ya gonna get off?”
No, I’d say now. I’m clearly not getting off tonight. But my wit’s revenge against him must remain in my imagination.
While I glared at the driver, Rose caught the eye of the gangsta wannabe loitering outside. “I’m sorry, Josh,” she said. “I’ve got a boyfriend. I … I’m flattered but … I’ve gotta go.”
At least, I thought to myself, there was no-one to see my humiliation except that fat kid left at the front, whose body already humiliated him far more than anything he could ever do, and the bus-driver, who must have lived in a world of working-class horror I didn’t dare to comprehend.
Rose wheeled to step as brightly as usual down the aisle and out on to the road.
Did she go a little quicker than usual?
I stood in the aisle as the bus drove away, steadying myself against the seats, and leaned to see, out the window, the sight of white-trash boy hooking an arm around Rose’s waist and starting to kiss her long on the lips. Oh God, I thought. I’m going to have to see her tomorrow.
Cliché
But the next day, Rose didn’t take the bus. She must have been sick—possibly of me.
In any case, I’d decided never to sit in her corner again. I sat facing the beach that morning after, and Lily magnetized to me. I didn’t say hello. I was too busy exhibiting my disconsolation by resting my elbow on the window-ledge, propping my head up with my hand on my jaw, and sulking at the bay, which was green under a mocking bright sky.
Show some respect, world, I thought. I’ve just been rejected by the girl I love. The least you could do is rain.
Lily basked in my silence, eyes closed in a morning doze, half-smiling. She was feeling for my movements’ echo in the seat-springs, listening for the chafe of my jacket against my shirt as I turned to her, as she thought I inevitably must, to puncture her infuriating air of contentment with a spike of outrage. But I had out-thought her, and declined to speak. Then the bus passed over a hillside that blocked the strand from view, and I could no longer gaze longingly at the sea as though it were Rose.
“Don’t be such a mopey bitch,” said Lily.
“Why shouldn’t I?”
“Because,” and she leaned onto my shoulder to whisper, as though this were a secret only for me, “Rose isn’t worth it.”
“Who says this has anything to do with Rose?”
“Rose does. She called to tell me she was skipping school so she wouldn’t have to face you. I told her not to be such a loser, but she can be as awkward as you.” I frowned. “Okay,” she said, “maybe not so awkward as you. What’s wrong with you two? Don’t be ridiculous, Josh. She’s just a girl, you only want to fuck her.”
“It’s nothing like that.”
“It’s only ever like that.”
“Then you don’t know me.”
“Oh, deep down you’re just the same as every other guy. You just don’t know it yet.”
“I’m more than every other guy.”
“Are you just? What makes you so special?”
“I have a destiny.”
“Everybody has a destiny. Yours may not be to become a carpenter and spend your life down here building kitchens for retirees, but even that’s a destiny all the same. You’re not special. Not in that way, anyway.”
“What if I told you I’d seen it?” I said. “My destiny, that is.”
She sneered. “Do tell.”
“Hold the sarcasm, would you? Okay, so … Hey, actually, you’re in this story.”
“I sure am in it now that you’re tell.”
“It was the day I met you. I’d been feeling sick all day, and …”
“So you gave me the flu that year. You bastard!” She shoved me against the wall of the bus, and laughed. “Just kidding. I don’t get sick.”
“Everybody gets sick.”
“I don’t. I refuse. Now,” and she flapped the back of her hand at me dismissively, “continue.”
I continued. “By the end of that day we met I was shaking with fever. I went straight to bed when I got home, which is unusual, because I don’t like to sleep.”
“Me neither.”
“And when I slept, I had a dream. Maybe that’s the wrong word. It was a vision. I could see myself standing in a kitchen at the back of an old house, and it was like a catalogue of possible futures, cutting between these scenes where I saw all the women I could marry. And there was this one woman who I know is the one, the one woman who …”
“You’re shitting me. Your think you’re special because you dreamed of the perfect girl for you? What a fucking cliché!”
“Do you want to hear this story, or not?”
“Now, I’m not so sure.”
“Too bad,” I said. “I didn’t want to talk about this. You started it.”
“Telling you not to be a mopey bitch is not an invitation to start in on what may be one of the most pathetic tales ever told.”
“You can be such a cow.”
“Way to charm a girl, Josh. Tell me, then.”
“So, there’s this one woman who I know is the one, the bringer of my best happiness, the fulfillment of my purpose in life, or the reward forit. I know she’s a writer’s wife, and I’m a writer.”
“Is that what you want to be?” she asked, suddenly full of interest. “What do you want to write?”
“Novels. Now, shh … She’s wearing a new coat, turning on the spot to show me how she looks in it. She’s shorter than me, and blond, and kind of soft-looking all over, like Rose …”
“You think Rose is this woman?”
“… and I have this expression on my face like I’ve been sad for a really long time, but that it’s all better now.”
“With Rose? Holy fuck, didn’t I tell you? She isn’t worth it. She’s just an ordinary girl. You think she’s some kind of special muse for you? Stranger things have happened, but it won’t ever be because of her. Do you know she wants to be an accountant?”
“I didn’t know that.”
“It’s not even because she has any passion for business. She just thinks it’s safe. I don’t think she even knows what an accountant does. Why waste your desire on her? You hardly know her. You didn’t even know she had a boyfriend, and you’ve been talking to her all year. Ohhh. Oh, ho ho. Wait, you haven’t really been talking. You haven’t really been getting to know Rose because, evidently, you’re petrified of her. What’s wrong with you?”
“Nothing. Love’s very important to me. I want to get things right. It makes me nervous.”
“Love? Ain’t nothing to it, Josh. Ain’t nothing at all. Fucking, and friendship if you’re lucky. Get over it. And get over Rose. Whatever you want, it isn’t her.”
And that was all of consequence we said to each other that day. When I’d told her she was in the story, all she caught was that I had my dream the day I met her, as I’d said. She put me off so badly that I didn’t tell her she’d been in the dream, too. But anyway, I never knew for sure that it was her until she started wearing the t-shirt with the dove.
Read. Think. Pay attention.
Lily’s an obnoxious girl. She won’t go out of her way to spare your feelings, but she might make a special effort to hurt them. She walks through life with a perpetual blue-screen effect around her edges, like an actress superimposed on things at a scale just larger than everything else in the world. It’s obvious there’s something slightly wrong about her, but in the rightest way there could ever be.
For further evidence, take that air of ragged desperation that surrounds her even now, when the world is at her feet. At eighteen, she seemed to have decided to take me under her wing like somebody who could be responsible for others. But when she got on the bus each morning, still half asleep and ungroomed, with sleep in her eyes she’d lay her head of tangled, unwashed hair on my shoulder, and grab my arm like I was the only thing stopping her from falling off the world. I’d be looking over at Rose and she’d mumble something like, “how’s my heartsick boy today? Still mooning over his destined love?”
“Yup, still mooning,” I said, one particular day at the loathsome end of winter, three months down into the bottom of that pit of dark and damp and cold, where you’re dying with desperation for the end you know is coming, the break out into sunshine warming spring drizzle, and the bursting leaves. “Heartbroken and hopeless,” I said. “How are you, tired girl who doesn’t wash her hair?”
“Josh, are you saying that I’m dirty?”
“Tell me you ever wash your hair in the morning, and I’ll take it back,” I said. I’d only told her because it turned me on. I liked the scent of her hair when she hadn’t washed it for a few days.
“Hey, give me a break,” she said. “I’ve got man trouble.”
“Every day?”
“I’ve always got man trouble. I’ve always got plenty of men, and they’re always plenty of trouble.”
“Lily,” I said, “you’re eighteen. Why do you talk that way?”
“Why do I live that way? There’s a mystery.”
“You’re an odd girl.”
“Says the boy who tries to woo his destined love by telling her what ancient religious texts he’s reading this week.”
“Okay, okay. Tell me about your man trouble so we won’t have to give each other shit.”
“Alright, but if you fail to surprise me with some as-yet-undisclosed sensibility where relationships are concerned, it’ll only lower my opinion of you.”
“Don’t you hate everyone, anyway?”
“Only after a fashion.”
“So … ?”
“Oh, well, I was at this party on the weekend, and there was a guy there. No, wait, there were several, there always are. Anyway, this one, I guess you might say he was my boyfriend. Was, mind you. All this began when I was, well, not different, just … less myself. But he’s still special to me. By which I mean that I still fuck him.” Always fuck, for Lily. Never have sex or make love or even those euphemisms shag or bang, used for comic effect when you can’t handle just how goddamned seriously you really do take romance. No, always fuck, for Lily, hard and raw. Fitting, because that’s the way she likes it.
“So he was there,” she went on, “but of course, there were other guys, too, and there was another one there, a dealer. That’s a drug dealer, Josh, for your innocent ears. Tim, his name was, and he kept following me around, and looking at me that way, so I kissed him. He wasn’t particularly charming or good-looking, but … well, you know. And then the shit hit the fan. Andy saw us …”
“Andy?”
“My friend. The ex. Andy saw us and … there was a fight. Tim pulled a knife …” I shrank from her. The thought of being stabbed over having Lily hang on my shoulder gave me the chills.
“Lily! Who the hell do you hang out with? You kissed a guy who carries a knife?”
“Yeah, okay, in hindsight it was a mistake, but I was just trying him out. I didn’t know he had a knife. It’s not like he came up and said, ‘Hey, baby, I like to carry a knife in case I need to show somebody how badass I am, let’s kiss.’ Why not kiss him, hey? What have I got to lose?”
“Your life, evidently.”
“Look, it was no big deal. It’s all just for show. He’s a bad guy, an insecure guy, probably. Some of the other guys pulled Andy inside and when Tim calmed down and put the knife away we all just broke it up and went home. No point kicking the guy out and having him come back with a crew to wreck the place and everyone in it, like you hear about on TV.”
“Sounds pretty serious to me.”
“That’s not even the story. The point is Andy. We broke up months ago now. He knows we’re just friends. I mean, I fuck all of my male friends. Sure, he’s kind of special to me. We know things about each other that other people don’t know. I hang out with him when I’m bored. He’s my default guy. After the fight on Saturday, he took me home. I was so pissed at him, I wouldn’t speak, and then he goes on blurting out how he loves me and he can’t bear to see me throwing myself after every scumbag who looks at me.”
“But what’s with that? The throwing, I mean.”
“I have bad taste in men, I know that. Maybe I just have no taste. But that’s not the issue. He doesn’t own me, and he’s not my protector. He’s got no right to get upset if I get with whoever, with anyone. We’re friends who fuck, I made that clear. I thought that’s what guys all want. It’s what I want. Why does he have to go and ruin it all?”
This was well before I understood why and could tell her so—when I had met Ellie and knew what it felt like to want to kill a man.
“ ’cause he doesn’t think,” I said. “He doesn’t listen and he doesn’t understand you. Of course you’re not his property. You’re free to do as you please and there’s nothing in the universe that can take that away. Oh, you might be tricked into giving it up, you might be tied up, jailed, killed, but you’re doomed to be free.” This was me parroting what little I knew of existentialism. “But we’re taught to latch on to people, be jealous of them, try to rein them in and control them. It’s not that it’s wrong—it’s just impossible.”
“So, how do you believe we should behave in love?” she asked me.
“You love, and what happens, happens. If you keep someone, it’s because they love you, because you’re destined to be together …”
“Destiny, again.” Lily rolled her eyes.
“… or because you’ve bound them with the force of your personality,” I continued. “If you won’t be bound, then Andy has to ask … does he want you, or does he want to control you?”
“Why do you seem to know what you’re talking about when, as far as I can tell, you have no experience with women?”
“I read. I think. I pay attention. That’s all.”
“You’re an amazing boy, Josh.”
“I know.”
But whatever she said, I felt small. “I fuck all my male friends,” she’d said. So why wasn’t she fucking me? Weren’t we friends? Wasn’t I a man?
No—I was still just a little kid, I thought. I didn’t know it turned her on to hear me talk about the Bhagavad Gita, or my belief in the possibility of non-propertarian love. I didn’t know anything.
The Dispossessed
I was enthusiastic to agree with Lily on love because just that month, I’d finished reading The Dispossessed, by Ursula Le Guin, which I’d picked up half at random from an old suitcase full of books in an antique store. As a child, I’d loved her fantasy classic The Wizard of Earthsea, and had never forgotten that story of the young wizard Ged, who was full of hubris. After summoning a dark spirit to prove his talent, Ged had to chase it across the world until he found, grappling with it in a boat on a dark and lonely ocean, that it shared his own name. That conclusion struck my mind like a gong and left a mysterious resonance that never faded, so when I saw the name Le Guin on that later bookcover, half-obscured beneath bricks of James A. Michener and Barbara Cartland, it drew my hand like iron filings to a lodestone.
Re-reading The Dispossessed many years later, in my late twenties, I felt I was reading myself. It’s my all-time favorite book for two reasons. One: it’s about how love is hard. You can form a bond with someone, but you can’t own them, and you can never guarantee that things won’t contrive to keep you apart. Two: it shows how even in a society that’s free in name, to live that freedom you need to preserve your own uncompromising spirit, and act with a sense of destiny that keeps you to your purpose.
The morning after Lily told me about Andy, she and Rose both missed the bus. If they had free periods at the start of the day, Rose’s mother would sometimes offer the girls a late lift to school and spend the day shopping at the malls in Frankston.
I asked Lily once why she didn’t drive yet, even though she was eighteen and could have had her license, and she told me—though later she changed her mind and fell in love with cars—that if she learned to drive she’d become a packhorse, and there was more power in feigning helplessness and making people serve her.
In the afternoon, they were back. On its way home, the bus stopped at their school first, then came to mine to pick up the boys.
The afternoon seating configuration was unpredictable. I could end up next to anyone, and more often than not I’d be left with the middle of the bench seat, stuck between some filler girls who never came to mean anything to me. That afternoon, on one side it was Catherine Kay, who had recently been tormenting Matt Bianchi by telling him she was “busy” every time he asked her on a date. She didn’t like his face and she ought to have said so. On the other side it was Catherine’s sailor-suited Japanese exchange-student, Mariko.
“Are you going in the school production?” Catherine asked me. That year, our schools were putting on Little Shop of Horrors together.
“I don’t sing, I don’t dance. I don’t play an instrument. What could I do?”
Lily had been listening, and she interrupted, “All sorts of things. I’m painting the sets. There’s guys doing lighting, sound. There are ushers. You should do something.”
“It’s not my thing,” I said.
“Okay, whatever,” Lily replied, and turned back to the window.
“No, really,” Catherine said. “You should do something.”
“Really,” I told her, “it’s not my thing.” I suspected Catherine was about to turn obnoxious, as she so often did, and throw a tantrum until I promised to get involved, just because she suggested it and to have me refuse would be a defeat. Years later I finally read Wuthering Heights, and asked myself what would possess a parent to give a child such an ill-starred name as Cathy. It seemed to doom a girl to unreasonableness.
I turned to Mariko. “You know, I’ve always been interested in Japan,” I told her.
“Really?” she said.
“Sure,” I said. “Ever since I was a little kid.”
“Wow, that’s amazingu. Why are you interested in Japan?”
“My parents love Asian art, especially Japanese stuff,” I said. “We’ve had prints all around our house since I was a kid: Hokusai, Hiroshige, all the great woodblock artists. We went once, when I was young, but I don’t remember it well.”
“You know a lot about Japanese culture.”
“Not really. But look, that’s not all. Have you ever heard of Ooka Tadasuke?”
“No.”
“He was a famous judge of the Tokugawa period,” I told her. “He founded the Tokyo fire brigade. But he’s best known for the folktales told about his wise and unusual administration of justice. Punishments that fit the crime, you know? Like, once he ordered a student who’d stolen the smell of fish to pay with the sound of money. Later in his life he was made the daimyô of Echizen. You’re sure you’ve never heard of him?”
“Ah, Ooka Echizen,” she said.
“Is that what you call him?”
“Yes. How do you know about Ooka Echizen? I’m very surprise.”
“When I was four or five, I found a book of stories about him at the Hole in the Wall bookshop, near the Rosebud cinema. I bought it for fifty cents and read it over and over until I’d memorized every story. Ever since then, I’ve been fascinated by Japan. Where are you from, Mariko?”
“From Fukuoka …” And so on. Mariko and Catherine got off at their stop halfway down the route, and then, as I was getting The Dispossessed out of my bag, Rose and Lily sandwiched me by sliding up from each side. Rose got there first, and took my arm. Lily gave her a searing look. I imagined I felt the heat of a flaming arrow shooting past my face.
“Hey, Josh. What’s happening?” Rose asked. She saw the book in my hand. “What are you reading?”
“Actually, I finished it a while ago. It’s The Dispossessed. I brought it for Lily.” Lily, the corners of whose mouth turned in a tight-lipped, cold-eyed smile. See, Rose? I imagined her thinking. I am the one he favors.
“What for?” Rose whined, surprising me. She was usually so cool and crisp and even, not to mention oblivious to my reading habits.
“Is it too much to tell her about Andy?” I asked Lily.
“She already knows all my stories,” Lily said. “Most of them, anyway. So, no. It’s not too much to tell her.”
“Rose,“ I said,”this book is about a lot of things, a lot of different kinds of freedom and contingency and pain. It’s about the trials of free love, and the hardship of finding and living for a destiny that’s wholly yours. I thought Lily would get it.”
“Contingency?” Rose asked.
“Never mind,” I said.
“What does it have to do with Andy?” she said.
I breathed in before speaking, through parted lips to which Lily pressed her blue-stained fingertips, silencing me. Her fingers smelled sweet, of biro ink. “No need,” Lily said. “If Rose doesn’t get it, she doesn’t get it. The book was for me anyway.”
“Mmm,” I mused. She still had her fingertips on my lips.
“You know, Josh, things haven’t been going so well with me and boys recently, either,” Rose told me softly, hugging my arm. I could feel her breast press against my chest.
“Oh, no?” Lily mocked, raising an eyebrow.
“No,” said Rose, looking at me pointedly. “Steven and I broke up.”
“Meaning,” said Lily, “he dumped you.”
Rose poked her tongue at Lily.
“Ah,” I said. “Too bad for him.”
Lily leaned in, too, and whispered in my ear, “and too bad for you.” Rose couldn’t hear her, but she scowled anyway, suspecting interference. I wanted to ask Lily what she meant, but the bus had stopped outside Jade Gate. Lily leapt from of her seat and hurried out so she could leave me with her cryptic remark, but Rose lingered with a flirting glance at me over her shoulder, to say goodbye.
We’re getting out
Rose clung and played the coquette all week, and by Friday I was tired of her conversation, in which she alternated between telling me how much she liked smart guys and trying to interest me in pieces of celebrity gossip. Diplomatic, I refrained from pointing out the contradiction in her strategy: smart guys aren’t interested in the Spice Girls’ love lives.
Rose had become the eager puppy I once was. That Friday afternoon, when I walked up the aisle to the back of the bus, she had plans for me. “Hi, Josh!” she fawned, “come sit next to me.”
“Shuffle up, Mariko,” I said. “I want to talk to Lily.” Lily, whose pleasure was inversely proportional to the intensity of Rose’s arm-crossing, frowning sulk in the opposite corner.
“What are you doing on the weekend?” I asked Lily.
“I’ve got to go to your school tomorrow,” she said, “to do stuff for Little Shop. Then I’m going shopping in Frankston on Sunday. Hey, I just read in Cosmo that wearing horizontal stripes makes your boobs look bigger. What do you think?”
“You don’t have a lot to work with.”
“You want me to slap you?” she said, but with an open-mouthed, toothy smile. Just so long as I was looking, she told me later, it was good enough for her, and she liked that I wasn’t so overawed I’d never say anything critical.
“Hey, let’s try the theory out,” she said. She grabbed my wrist and wrapped my arm over her chest. The red, yellow, and blue candy-stripes of my blazer ran roughly parallel to the line I imagined you could draw between her nipples. A thrill ran through my body from the touch of hers.
“What do you think?” she said.
“It’s hard to say. I don’t think there’s meant to be an arm between boobs and stripes.”
“I guess if you’ve got the arm of a guy you like around you, you don’t need to worry whether your boobs are big enough, hey?”
“I wouldn’t be so sure. You never know what he might be thinking.”
“I’m thinking I like you touching my breasts.”
“I kind of like that myself.”
“Just what kind of girl do you think I am?”
“The same as everyone does.”
“And you still want Rose?”
“Maybe that’s why I want her.”
“I know you don’t know what you’re missing, so I’ll let that slide. Speaking of which, why haven’t you called her yet?”
“I don’t have her number.”
“Remarkable restraint on her part.” Next she whispered. “Rose gets desperate when she’s alone. She’ll go with anybody.”
“Is that an incitement or an insult?”
“Neither.”
“How can you hate Rose, and still call her up and tell her your stories? How can you still be friends?”
“We’ve known each other all our lives. Her dad’s shop is next door to my house. We’re stuck together. But she’s a creature of this town: she’s got its flat, suburban mentality. I don’t.”
“I live here, too. You don’t seem to hate me.”
“Oh, now you’re just fishing for compliments. Here you go: you don’t really live here.” She reached into her bag and got out my copy of The Dispossessed, which she was about halfway through, judging by the sticky note peeking out between the pages. She pointed her index finger at the cover. “I know you. You live here. You’ll find better places, though. You and I are getting out of Rosebud.”
Our time was up: there, outside, was the Jade Gate. Lily grabbed her bag and left. Rose waited. How the tables had turned.
“I’m sorry we didn’t get to talk,” Rose said. She’d stood now, and leaned down to talk to me. I could see down the neck of her dress, and smell her White Musk. The girl thrust a torn-off corner of lined exercise-book paper at me.
“Call me,” she said.
Procrastination
With two teenage girls throwing themselves at me every afternoon, you might expect I was about to embark on a life of improbable debauchery.
But you’d be wrong. I knew I could sometimes enthrall girls when I brought myself to talk to them, but otherwise, my smarts hadn’t made me especially popular. I’d always felt apart from my friends. I thought faster than they did, so I felt I was always out somewhere lonely, ahead of the pack. I was so used to easy success that at the first sign of a challenge I typically stopped trying. So, as important as Rose seemed to me, at a hint of resistance I’d given up the chase. Crucially, since the grades I’d skipped had left me two years younger than my classmates, I found it difficult to take myself seriously as a partner for the girls. This was more fatal to my chances than anything they could ever think of me. I never believed my company was desired: I thought myself too strange and confronting. Frankly, I thought most people were stupid, and I treated them with according contempt.
So, although Rose and Lily draped themselves on me, and pressed handy parts of my body to their bosoms, I never quite believed it meant they wanted me. Tragically, all through that year, full of teenage testosterone and with images of classroom-swapped, low-res computer porn popping in and out of my mind, I was getting more and more desperate to just have a girl, to get rid of my burdensome virginity and put my hands regularly on some soft, warm girl-flesh.
Lily scared the crap out of me, with her drug-dealing flings, their knives, her alluring disdain for love, and the apparently countless other guys I’d be sharing her with if I called her on the boast that she fucked all her male friends. “Where’s mine?” I thought of asking her. “Give me a taste of that pussy you’re so free with.”
I knew my fear shouldn’t stop me—I’d already read Thus Spake Zarathustra, and I’d heard Nietzsche’s call to overcome every weakness until you were more than an ordinary man. Then there was that unforgettable phrase from Dune: “fear is the mind-killer.” Having touched these philosophies changed nothing. When it came to girls, anxiety paralyzed me.
I put Rose’s scrap of paper on the desk in my bedroom, and for the next eight evenings I glanced at it repeatedly as I sat and failed to do my homework. I couldn’t think of anything clearly but that I had to call her, and yet I couldn’t do it. Lily’s whispering counsel that Rose was “just an ordinary girl” still echoed like the rush of blood in a seashell held against my ear. For all that I wanted Rose, I knew and trusted Lily better, and the initial fire of my belief that Rose was the woman I saw in my dream had subsided. Now, I wasn’t so sure. And I didn’t know what to do with her. I’d confessed my feelings already, and that hadn’t done anything except humiliate me.
Rosebud wasn’t blessed by worldly riches. My family was, but it was only the kind that meant you didn’t have to work, not the kind that meant you could buy anything you could imagine. The pavements were left to crack, the cars and caravans were shot with rust, the retirees who pushed their shopping carts along the road and in the malls got grayer and more wrinkled as their organs failed slowly. The unemployed and addicted grew more destitute and haggard with each passing day. But the place did have natural beauty. A walk on the beach one blustery afternoon, maybe punctuated by a few swigs from a hip-flask full of bourbon and finished with a kiss, would have made Rose my girlfriend. But movies full of celebrities on fancy dates put me in fear of my own outer-suburban banality. I couldn’t drive, so I couldn’t take Rose anywhere interesting. My clothes were tasteless and ill-fitting, bought from Kmart and nearby surf shops. I would go out tonight, I sang in my head, thinking of this, but I haven’t got a stitch to wear. I should have remembered that almost every teenage boy on the Peninsula was in the same boat.
By the following Saturday, the best I could think of was to take her to dinner at the La Porchetta a few doors up from her dad’s shop. If we were lucky they’d treat us like adults and let us drink chianti with our meal like I could when I went there with Mum and Dad, even though we were both underage, me sixteen and Rose still running through seventeen in a last-leg sprint to adulthood. I knew it was tragic. There’d be no sportscar pickup, like in Sixteen Candles or Flashdance. I’d chosen the place because I could ride there and she could walk.
The plan sucked. But it was the only one I had. So, around four that Saturday afternoon, I decided that I had to call her. I had no good ideas but I had to do something.
I began by putting it off until five, passing the time by grinding through of Final Fantasy IV’s dungeons in NLKSNES on my laptop. On a corner of my bedroom desk, there was a digital alarm clock, and as hesitation ate the hour, my eyes flicked to the display ever more frequently. By four fifty, I was looking at the numbers several times a minute, my heart was racing, and my chest muscles were constricting so hard with fear that I worried I was about to have a heart attack. At the same time, I wondered, why am I doing this? I don’t even know why I like her. Answer: it’s my destiny. A destiny I could put off until six.
But by six, I was seated at the dinner table with Mum and Dad, eating lemon chicken and rice. This was one of Dad’s current favorites, cooked with a Maggi packet sauce mix. It was both sickly sweet and slightly rank with the taste of lemon peel. Chicken drumsticks simmered until the sinews turned rubbery on overboiled rice, left to cool until it turned dry and floury. I loathed the dish in its entirety, and it was the fifth time we’d had it in a month that wasn’t even half over. Wonderfully, its very disgusting qualities forced me to extend the meal. I matched slivers of chicken sliced from the bone with half-forkfuls of rice, pushed them reluctantly in my mouth, and chewed repeatedly until the rice was sodden enough with saliva that it was fit to swallow. Every second I spent eating was a second in which I wasn’t calling Rose, and it was bliss.
In after-dinner conversation, Mum, by painful coincidence, happened to ask me if there were any girls I liked at school. My answers emphatically, achingly, said nothing of Rose, or indeed of anyone. This denial of my unhappiness in love brought me slightly past seven.
On returning to my darkened room, it struck me that I had biology questions to do. Ordinarily, I shunned such busywork, since it wasn’t assessable and I remembered the book well enough without doing questions for practice. But just then, it seemed an immediate necessity.
By eight, my sudden sense of academic commitment could no longer stand the boredom of answering the questions. It was in any case time for my recently-established routine of doing a kundalini meditation in which I sat lotus style on the carpet in the dark and imagined that I raised energy, felt as a feeling of tingling vibration, up from the base chakra all the way through belly, solar plexus, heart, and throat before it emerged in a burst of violet light from the top of my head to ascend into space. But the familiar feelings of vibration and the eventual sense that my soul was spinning within my own body did not come. I could only think of my looming duty to call Rose.
At eight forty-seven I’d been looking at the red glow of my clock for at least nine minutes, and I arose. The attempt at meditation had partly worked, since I had left my parade of diversions and couldn’t think what to do next. There was nothing else but to go downstairs (and I did, blinking excessively from the return to light) and ask Mum and Dad, who were sitting in front of the television watching Law and Order, “can I use your room to make a phone call?”
“Sure,” said Mum. “Who are you calling?”
“Just someone,” I told her, blushing because this was what I feared: the accountability, the possibility that people would know that I had tried and then perhaps that I had failed. I should never have asked for permission. I should have just gone in and made the call, but I worried one of them might come to the room, not knowing I was there, and listen at the door or walk in while I was again confessing my affections, and see the horror on my face if I was, again, rejected.
I turned away before there were more questions, and went in to use the phone. I hated the way my my parents’ room felt uninhabited. Unlike me, they scattered their lives throughout the house, so here there was no desk, no bookcases, no stereo. On Dad’s bedside table there was just a lamp, a phone, and a half-full glass of water, and on Mum’s a matching lamp, a box of tissues and a book with the cover face down.
With the receiver pressed between my chin and shoulder, I held Rose’s scrap of paper in one hand, and dialed with the other. The first time, I hung up just after it started ringing at the other end. I thought I might have made a mistake on one of the numbers, and I didn’t want to go through asking a stranger if Rose was there only to find out I’d got the wrong house. I didn’t know if I’d have the courage to try again.
The second time, I held on through the interminable rings, and prayed that Rose would get it. A man picked up. “Newstead Glass,” he said.
Great. Her dad.
“Hi,” I said. “Could I speak to Rose, please?”
“Can I tell her who’s calling?”
“It’s Joshua.”
“Which one?” Way to deflate a gentleman caller, dude. How many Joshuas did she know?
“What do you mean, which one?”
“Joshua Chalk, or Joshua Hamilton?”
I sighed. “Rivers. My name is Joshua Rivers.”
“Okay, I’ll get her for you.”
“Rose, phone!” I heard her father yell, and then a beep and the clatter of a handset as Rose took the call and her father hung up.
“Hey, Josh,” she said.
“Hey, Rose.” I couldn’t let this be a conversation. I couldn’t stop. “I thought I’d call you since, you know I like you, and you gave me your number, so, I was wondering, if you wanted to go out, I thought I might take you to dinner, at La Porchetta, I could meet you there, or I could just come by the shop, and we could walk there.”
“Oh … Josh … I don’t think I can,” she said.
“Uh, okay. Why not?”
“I started seeing another guy.”
“Doesn’t matter to me,” I said, my voice suddenly full of bravado I did not feel. “Come out anyway.”
“I really shouldn’t.”
“Come on. A week ago you were all over me.”
“I was not ‘all over you,’ Josh. I’m flattered, I really am, it was sweet of you to ask, but I can’t. Maybe another time.”
“Out of curiosity, who was it?”
“You wouldn’t know him.”
“Won’t do any harm to tell me, then, will it?”
“Ian Berkshire.”
“You’re going to pass me over for Berko? The guy can barely read!”
“Well, he asked me, and he has this sort of masculine, strong …”
“What? Odor? Grip? Rose, he’s the kind of guy who clubs girls over the head and drags them back to his cave. Do you know he boasts in the common room every time he racks up a new blowjob? There’s a goddamned tally: he scratches four lines on his locker door and then another one across to bundle them up when he makes his next five.”
“Maybe you should check for another one in a couple of days.”
“Oh, don’t bother to provoke me. I’m disappointed in you. I just can’t believe it.”
“Maybe if you weren’t such a pussy you wouldn’t have to be disappointed.”
“What?”
“God, Josh, you’re a sweet kid, a beautiful boy. But you can be so moony, so wet. And now you call me up and argue with me when I say I’m taken. So I have to ask myself, why did I ever give you my number?”
“Let’s not ask ourselves that. Goodnight, Rose.”
She hung up. I sat there holding the receiver.
I thought she liked me. What the fuck?
It looked like bus rides were going to get awkward.
The gate closes
But the next day, Rose didn’t take the bus. In fact, neither did Lily. Neither of them showed up for two weeks, and by then I was over my embarrassment. That Saturday I rode my bike down to the Jade Gate during lunch, and went in to see Lily. She was drawing at the counter, and looked up at me with distaste when my entrance set the bells above the door tinkling.
“Where have you been?” I said.
“Driving Rose to school. I got my license. And after, I’ve been working on Little Shop.”
“I miss you.”
“Too bad. You made Rose want to avoid you. Now I have to take care of it.”
“I thought you said it was more powerful to be helpless, and let people serve you.”
“I changed my mind. Go away. I’m busy.”
“You’ve got no customers, like always.”
“I’m working on my art.”
“I thought we were friends.”
“I thought you were cool.”
I let the door slam on my way out.
Octohead
It was lunchtime in the year twelve common room, and the air was thick with the smoke from a cheese sandwich recently burned in the toaster oven. Fortunately, the room was inadequately protected against fire, otherwise there’d have been a sprinkler system to give us all a good soaking.
I sat with Matt in a wood-framed lounge with pilling upholstery, circa 1975. Despite its aged and unfashionable appearance, it was one of the least grotty settings the school had given us. That is, the mix of grey and brown fibers in the covering hid stains well, and it smelled okay. We were boys, after all, and many of us could not be trusted with better.
Nearby, a Malaysian boarder, Kai, was tuning a cheap acoustic guitar. He always wore his hair with a long black fringe over one eye. “Hey guys, wanna hear me play ‘Smells Like Teen Spirit’?” he asked us.
“Sure, why not?” I said.
He may have been in tune, but his delivery was comical: he thrashed at the strings as though if he strummed hard enough, he could get a distortion pedal effect on his acoustic guitar. Matt stifled a laugh, but he needn’t have restrained himself, since Kai was communing with the gods of rock and was beyond the reach of human voices.
Not long after Kai was done, had realized we thought he was ridiculous and left the room in silent shame, Christian Lorimer appeared at the common room door and pitched his arms in a skyward ‘I rock’ V, posing for a moment before limping jauntily towards us. He’d been born with a deformity in one kneecap that left him unable to walk smoothly, but it made him look cool, so it could hardly be counted as a disability.
“Damn, I am so pumped about Little Shop,” he said. He should have been: he was playing the dentist, Orin Scrivello. Everyone loves a villain.
“The afterparty’s going to be awesome,” Matt sympathized. “You planning to bone Lily Lau this time, too?”
“No, I’m never playing the strumpet again,” he said. He was a trumpet player. He mimed playing a drum kit to mark the joke. “Ba-dum-tss.”
“Why?” I asked. “What’s wrong with her?”
“Go around shagging girls like that,” Christian answered, “you’re gonna end up with ten other guys’ jizz on your dick.”
“You’re disgusting,” I said.
“Hey, don’t shoot the messenger. She’ll lay any guy who speaks to her. You know they’re calling her Octohead now?” He cracked up with laughter.
“Why?”
Matt had to answer for him. “At a party a couple of weeks ago, she blew eight guys.”
“At the same time?” I asked him.
“Very funny,” Matt replied. “No, I think some of them were simultaneous—you know, one cock in the mouth leaves you hands for two more, then you can switch it around—but not all of them. Now, for that, you really would need eight heads.”
“Octohead! Haaaaah!” Christian squealed.
“Get a grip, Christian, or I am going to slap you,” I told him.
“What’s the matter, Baldy?” he taunted. This was one of the derisory nicknames guys I wouldn’t consider friends used for me, referring to my supposed lack of pubic hair. Sure, I was two years younger than the rest of them, but it had been a long time since the name fit. “Got a soft spot for the town whore?”
“What does it matter if she sucks eight cocks?” I protested. “Who cares? You fucked her. How much can it matter to you?”
“Hey, I didn’t know about her reputation until I came back here the next Monday and everyone was either laughing at me or giving me a high-five. But I ain’t going back for seconds.”
“Fine, but don’t make out like she’s some kind of dirty, horrible person. She’s a nice girl.”
“Yeah,” Christian laughed again. “Too nice, to too many people.”
“Okay, forget nice—it’s not the right word. She’s better than that; she’s interesting.”
“Oh, shit, yeah,” Matt mused. “I forgot—you catch the bus with her, don’t you?”
“Don’t tell me you’re friends with that slut,” said Christian.
“Have you done her yet?” asked Matt.
“No, I haven’t ‘done her yet’,” I spat."
“Of course not. You’re too much of a fucking pussy yourself,” said Christian. It wouldn’t have made me so angry if I hadn’t remembered Rose calling me the same.
“I mean, she’s not a goddamned piece of homework,” I said, standing up. "She’s not a thing. Go fuck a watermelon or something. A used one. I hope you get herpes from it and your dick falls off, you asshole.”
As I raged out the double doors into the hall, I heard Christian bitching behind me. “What the fuck? A used watermelon? Herpes doesn’t make your dick fall off. Does it? Jesus Christ, Baldy is friends with Lilian Lau?”
I could just barely hear Matt as I passed out of earshot. “Fuck you, Christian,” he said. Matt, if you ever read this—thanks, buddy.
The show
I may have been angry, but as I stalked the halls with storm-filled eyes, the schemer in me raised its head. Even if Christian had sworn off playing the strumpet, I thought, I might have a decent chance of learning to play her myself. All I had to do was get to her first and test the theory that she’d fuck any man who spoke to her.
I walked straight to the office of Mr. Hadfield, the drama teacher. The heavy wooden door was open, and inside he lounged on a swivel chair with one hand hanging half out the single window that looked out onto the sporting grounds. Hadfield held a cigarette in that hanging hand, and whistled a last smoky breath outside. He heard me knock at the door, turned his gaunt, lined face towards me, and rasped: “Hello? Come in then, what do you want?”
Inside, I stood before his boxy modern desk of dark wood veneer and square steel tubing. He gestured for me me to sit. “Who are you?” came the brittle question, since I was not one of his students—the select, stylish posse who’d monopolized all the charm available to the class of ’96. I felt ashamed of myself coming in here, of my youth and of the hair I wore collar-length, just as much over what uniform regulations would allow as I could go without getting in trouble too regularly. I did it in imitation of heavy metal guitarists. My rebellious grooming now seemed lame.
“Joshua Rivers, sir,” I told Mr. Hadfield, and the “sir” shocked me, because I never fawned to teachers, and I doubt it would have impressed him. But there was nothing to be done about that, for as I walked down the hall to get there, I was thinking nothing but “at this year’s afterparty I’m going to fuck Lily.” I didn’t need to waste my time on the show. I should have just ridden up to the Gate and asked her. Forget about her being shitty at me: it didn’t matter. But back then I never believed something like that could work for me. I needed a talisman. If Les Miserables had worked for Christian the year before, Little Shop of Horrors could work for me. Besides, seeing Lily at a party would show me her other world—the one full of knife-wielding drug dealers and eight cocks in one night. If I could stand it, maybe she’d have me.
“I’d like to be involved in the school production,” I said.
Mr. Hadfield ground his cigarette out on the windowsill, rolled over to his desk, and leaned across it at me, poking his hooked nose forward. He arched an eyebrow. “It’s a little late,” he laughed at me. “We’ve been working on it since March, and the show starts in two weeks. We’re about to start dress rehearsals. We’ve even got a full quota of ushers. What possessed you to come here now?”
This seemed an appropriate moment to lie. But I am bad at lying. This is why I was not part of the drama crowd. “I want to go to the afterparty,” I said. I expected him to laugh, but he didn’t.
“Can’t you just go?” he asked. “There’s always blow-ins.”
“Really?” I said, too earnestly, then shook my head. “No. I need to earn it.”
“There’s nothing for you to do, I’m sorry. Get in earlier next year.”
He didn’t even know that this was my last year. Well, I was only sixteen, and I looked it. In fact, we’d never spoken before. “Okay, thanks,” I said.
“What was your name, again?” he called at me, as I was walking out the door.
“Joshua Rivers,” I said.
“I’ll be looking out for you next year,” he told me.
And that was that. I spent the afternoon dejected. My plan for shedding my virginity was destroyed. I didn’t have the balls to just rock up at the party, and I suspected it wouldn’t work, anyway. They’d all know I had no right to be there.
But the next afternoon, Matt stopped me at my locker as I was throwing my bag over my shoulder and winding up for a sprint to the bus stop in front of the school. “Are you in a hurry?” he asked. He always acted so much dumber than he really was.
“Yes,” I said peevishly, dodging him.
“Can you stay behind?”
“Why on earth would I want to?”
“Hadfield’s got something he needs done for Little Shop, and he said to find you. Why would he do that?”
“I asked him if I could help. I want to go to the afterparty.”
“Dude, why don’t you just go? I’ll take you, for God’s sake. Dude, why don’t you not go? It’s gonna be full of guys like Christian. And girls like Christian.” Then his eyes widened with recognition. “Lily? Josh, you’ve got her on tap. You see her every day.”
“I don’t see her every day any more,” I said. “That’s the point. She hasn’t taken the bus since I snapped at Rose when she wouldn’t go out with me. She has to drive her, ’cause Rose doesn’t want to see me.”
“You’re fucked up, you know that?”
“Just humor me, please?”
Matt was the show’s sound guy. He’d had an assistant my age to help him cue up sound-effects from a cd, but the kid had died the previous weekend when he packed into a hatchback with five other kids for a midnight joyride in the hills. The unlicensed driver, the only one to walk away alive, wrapped the car around a tree at a hundred and fifty Ks an hour.
“They say Ewan was decapitated really neatly,” Matt told me. “I can just imagine his head sitting there on the road, all perfect and glassy-eyed. Man, he was a beautiful kid: Hadfield is going to miss having him around to look at.”
So, Matt needed a new assistant.
“Like I need a new assistant,” he complained to me.
“Aww, it’s so nice to be wanted.”
“Most of the work is one button and a cue sheet. Hadfield just hates the idea of there not being anyone else around who knows how the AV works if I get sick. As if I’m going to get sick.”
I went to the front office and called my father from the school secretary’s phone, and that night and for the next three weeks I pushed play and skip hundreds of times, watching rehearsals and performances from up in the sound and lighting booth.
And it was beautiful. There were hot girls singing, playing instruments, screaming, getting made up, dressed and undressed, and carrying boxes around. Lily fiddled with her sets, and when someone needed help carrying things around backstage, I’d make sure I passed her by and looked up her dress, usually only to see the backs of her thighs, as she stood atop a ladder, touching up a backdrop. And the backdrops were devastating. The way Lily had made up the shop, lit with glaring fluorescent light and looking out onto a deserted evening street, made me think of Edward Hopper’s Nighthawks. The dentist’s surgery was stark white and menacing. The sets weren’t quite right for a comedy—lonely places, where if you were eaten by a giant venus flytrap, you would die feeling cold and afraid, not laughing. They set a genuine chill against the humor of the songs, and it scared me, but they made me admire her.
I watched the show, and played the sound effects when the script demanded it. Looking at the fleshy pink lips of the Audrey II puppets (ignoring the teeth), I thought, when this show is over, I’m gonna fuck Lily.
The booze came out, clandestinely, as soon as the show finished. I pulled out the 375ml bottle of Jack Daniels I’d brought for the party, and by the time we’d finished packing up, I was already tipsy. Matt drove us to the party house, and we went in through the front door of the big living room through an unornamented plaster archway. The place was all citrus colors, beads, and brown cord, a throwback to the 1970s. It smelled and looked like other people—an alien landscape. As we passed through to the yard, the father, I don’t know what his name was, greeted us. A shortish man with a bushy mustache, he was bald on top, and otherwise looked like a rounder version of Tom Selleck in his Magnum P. I. days. He thrust his hand at me. “How’re you doing?”
I shook his hand uneasily. I was always an awkward fit with ebullient people. “I won’t keep you,” the guy said. “I know you’ve been working hard and you want to celebrate the show. They’ve just brought the keg in now, so go get yourselves a drink, and let me know if you need anything.”
Outside, there was already a swarm around that gray metal cargo. Plastic cups were already spilling, falling, and breaking in the crush, trampled by the mob.
I don’t like lining up to wait with the horde for some common pleasure, or the craze of the hour. It’s better to think carefully about what you like and want, and make sure you’re already taken care of. So I stuck with my bottle of Jack.
Somebody thrust a hand out of the mob around the keg, holding a cup of beer never intended for me, and I grabbed it just as the hand’s eyes caught sight of me, and its mouth called “hey!” But I had backed away and was lost to view. I passed the beer to Matt, and he started to drone about his recent videogame exploits as we drank.
“I beat the dragon again last night,“ he said. In 1996 the internet was on the rise, but we still played BBS games that you dialed into directly with a phone number. LORD, this one was called: Legend of the Red Dragon. ”Sixth time. Never gets old." Boring, teenage male shit, but this was how we filled in the spaces in our young and undervalued lives, as we marked time, waiting to be released from school and into the world.
“Awesome,“ I said.”Who’s that girl?”
“Who?” he said.
“The one you keep looking at.” I was looking for Lily myself, and my spirits sank further every minute I couldn’t find her. The keg was losing gravity, and the gang orbiting it loosened, spinning off into constellations on the corners and edges of the lawn rimmed with glossy-leafed azalea bushes. Lily was not a star in any of them.
“I don’t know,” Matt said. “But I’m getting another drink, and then I’m going to find out.”
As Matt was getting himself another beer, I watched his girl, a brunette in an orange tank top and a black denim skirt. Her lustrous hair was the color of an antique mahogany desk, and she was smooth-looking, not fat, skinny, short or tall, just average, but with a perfect, completely unexceptionable face, conventionally beautiful and unobtrusive enough to be a newsreader or a lingerie model in a Kmart catalogue. Not my type. She sat with two others on a rough-hewn wooden bench.
“Come on, let’s talk to them,” Matt said when he was back from the keg, and I followed him without argument.
He opened with “Hey, you were in the chorus,” and it seemed to me so lame. Of course she was in the chorus. What was the point of saying so? But this was the difference between me and Matt: he didn’t care what he said, and he didn’t particularly care who he said it to. He only had to look at a girl to know if he liked her, and if he decided he did, he just went up and said hi. Back then, I wasn’t wise enough to envy or to learn from him. But she was in the chorus, and that was enough to get them talking, and then the girl I’d sat next to looked me over, touched me on the arm and said: “Aren’t you that genius boy, Joshua?”
Hearing her say “genius boy” reminded me who I’d come here for. Of all the people in our year, I thought Lily and I must be the most misunderstood. Me: genius boy. Her: Asian slut. The way it was all people remembered, you would think it was all we were. Didn’t there have to be something more to us—some soul or humanity?
But even I had begun to judge myself by what everyone called me, and I always came up short. At sixteen—all potential, no achievement. I got distinctions in a bank-sponsored maths exam competition that the school made us sit every year, I wrote some nicely worded essays for English, I’d killed the red dragon in LORD a couple of times myself, and that was it. Too bad I turned out, for so long, to be so little more.
“I’m Olivia,” the girl said.
“Charmed,” I replied, with a dry lack of interest. “Genius boy? I don’t know about that.”
“So why do people say it?”
“I skipped two years in primary school.”
Olivia was dressed just like her friend, but in different colors: her singlet was turquoise, and her skirt was red, and so short that sitting down it rode so far up her thighs that I could see the bulge of pussy lips and pubic hair filling out her plain black cotton panties. She wasn’t pretty, just blond and made up. Under a thick coat of foundation, her skin was acne-marred and bumpy.
“You must be really smart,” she said admiringly.
And now I felt sorry for her, because by implication, whether it was true or not, she meant “I’m not smart; I could never be like you.” So here she was, with her skirt cut halfway up her crotch, showing off what was maybe all she thought she had. I hated to see women underestimating themselves that way.
Then I saw Lily—at last!—enter the yard from a path up the side of the house. Her hair and eyes were wild. She was dressed boyishly in jeans and a short-sleeved black Smashing Pumpkins t-shirt that clung to her long body and her small breasts. In her mouth was a lit cigarette. For all I knew, the reason she’d taken so long was that she’d already blown eight guys and was now out here looking to break her record.
Still, at the time I thought, looking at her: This is what a woman should be: fearless and proud, ferocious and untamed. She held herself not like a piece of meat, packed and cling-wrapped for easy sale and consumption, but like a hunter. Not meat, I thought, but meat’s master. No animal enslaved, by its betters and by its desire, but human, in control. How wrong I was.
I cast a last pitying glance on Olivia. “You can be smart, too,” I told her. “If you try to be. If you believe you can.”
And then I went to the slaughter.
Lily went for the keg. What else would you do? We were teenagers. I took another swallow of bourbon, and went to her.
“Lily.”
“Joshua.”
“Those sets of yours were amazing,” I said. “Like Nighthawks, all cold and lonely.”
“Nighthawks?”
“By Edward Hopper, you know.”
“I know, but you don’t want to talk to me about cold and lonely. Tell me something else.”
“You told me to come see you when I was older,” I told her.
“I didn’t forget. But why didn’t you mention it earlier? You’ve had plenty of chances.”
“I haven’t had a chance lately. And before that, there was Rose.”
“Is that over now, or did it never really matter?“ No answer from me.”I saw you looking up my skirt," she said.
I blushed and looked away. “Sorry,” I said quietly, and in a flash she had a single index finger to my lips. She looked at once furious and disappointed, and I stared back at her bewildered.
“You’re new at this, so I’m going to give you one more chance. But you nearly blew it. Don’t ever apologize for looking at a girl like you want to fuck her. I want you to look at me that way. Now, here’s your second and your last chance. Kiss me, genius boy, and show me what you’re made of.”
I downed the rest of the bottle. How had I gotten through it so fast? When I threw it away at random, it narrowly missed hitting Matt’s girl in the face, but she never found out it was me. Then I kissed Lily.
Knowing what I’d come for, I’d drunk enough to put me in serious alcohol poisoning territory. It struck me only now that my senses and the control I had over my body were rapidly disappearing, and on top of it I had no idea how to kiss. My mouth, it seemed, was traveling over half Lily’s face, and unbelievably, my hand was under her t-shirt. Beneath the shirt she was braless, and I inexpertly groped at the breast on which I laid my head that winter afternoon when I dreamt of my future wife. I felt a startling sense of betrayal, thinking of Her, but my brain was becoming as numb as my hand, which barely felt what it was doing. “Get a room,” somebody yelled.
Then we were at the back of the yard, behind bushes again, like we were when first we met, and the party with its fires and conversation was beside us. I was unbuttoning her jeans, and working my hand into her underpants to touch I barely knew what, but she was hairy and wet, and kissing me all the while. Her mouth tasted like cigarettes and beer, and everything else tasted like bourbon, even her pussy—which got in front of my face somehow—and the buds of her nipples, which were the dark, red-brown color of dried rose petals.
She pulled my jeans down over my still-hairless teenage buttocks. When she had my boxer shorts down, too, her cool hand grasped and slid up my cock, and the ring she wore caught with enticing discomfort against the fine skin. I didn’t know where I was going: I imagined her girl parts were arranged so they’d be somewhere on the front. Once I was on top of her, those thousands of porno pictures I’d seen seemed no education at all. She guided me in, and pulled a hand of mine up under her shirt again.
There is a walled-off part of my mind, the philosophical quarter, that is never touched by drink. It was watching her, seeing that she wanted this and was directing me with her hands to do what I could of the right thing. It also saw her lying quiet, and watching with curiosity the boy she met once years ago, who had since turned into a desperate drunken man in a slightly older boy’s body.
I felt a child before her again, and was ashamed, but the philosophical quarter is only one suburb of that city whose remaining inhabitants had been driven by drink and pent-up desire to rutting bacchanalia and arson that set the streets afire. I felt leaves and grains of damp earth against my knuckles, which her ass pressed into the ground as I held it in my hands. When I looked up, I saw dark and scraps of starry sky between the branches, and a drunken, whirling world where people came to look in on us. But the sensitive part of me—call it my heart—saw Lily standing and brushing leaves and dirt from her behind, that day we met. I saw her kissing her fingertips and blowing that kiss off to me, and I heard her voice, from that place we were, in the garden, saying “come back to me.” I was barely there with her, but she was fully aware, and I knew she would remember.
The indignity!
Soon it was over, and I slumped on her, barely able to move. At the edges of our enclave, a girl poked her head in. “Lily,” she said, “your mum’s here.”
Lily lifted her head and brushed her lips against my ear as she whispered, “I have to leave you, precious boy. Call me tomorrow.” My body, less like a rag-doll than a sack of wet sand, needed pushing off her, and she did it skillfully. She managed to get her hands against my belly to lift me up and out and away from her all at once. I had to put my own hands out to stop falling on my face into her or the dirt, and she slid out backwards from under me. As I collapsed on my back with my slimy cock still hanging out of my pants for the benefit of onlookers, struggling to adjust my dress and feeling utterly bestial, Lily was climbing into her mother’s car, bathed in the stench of dishonor, her own scent smeared across her chest by my scrabbling hands, my semen leaking into her pants and touching the car seat with damp and the smell of ammonia.
Silent, Lily was warmed from inside by the knowledge she’d done what other people call “wrong,” and a smile radiated to her face and into her eyes. It cut Mrs. Lau to the soul, what this new country had made of her daughter, but she dared say nothing.
I understand now it would be traditional for many Chinese mothers to call their daughters whores at such a juncture, or indeed for little reason at all, just as they may offer them plastic surgery so they can find a husband, or tell them they are fat when they are 5’4" and only weigh fifty kilos. But Mrs. Lau had very little apart from Lily, and she knew it.
Where my parents worried I’d kill myself because school got me down, Lily’s mum simply feared that if she nagged, her rather fearsome daughter would simply run away and never come back. Lily was dutiful in her own way, when it came to things she recognized as necessary and just, like helping to run the shop. Mrs. Lau could barely hold everything together with Lily, never mind without her. So she took all the things she knew her own mother would have said to her, had she behaved as Lily did in her private life, and she swallowed them and kept her peace.
After long quiet, Lily said, very properly, “thank-you, mother, for coming to get me.” No conversation followed. I asked Lily once what it was like when she was young and she needed such complicity to live her debauched life, and she told me this, how it was the night she first had me. I couldn’t believe it was so simple.
For myself, I passed out in the dirt with my jeans still halfway down my thighs.
***
4. Fire
What kind of animal … ?
The morning after, I felt wretched. Exactly how many people, I wondered, had watch me fuck a girl reputed to be the biggest slut between Frankston and Portsea? Never mind that I happened to hold her in massively high regard.
And then—my head!
I’d had enough to drink that sometime in the middle of the night the urgent need to vomit awoke me and I managed to rise from the dirt in which I lay, pull up my pants, and then stumble around the party house before finding the bathroom. There, I retched my guts out in the sink. It’s lucky I didn’t have genuine alcohol poisoning—though I contemplated that I might—since no-one bothered to investigate my crashing against hallways, or the sonic violence with which I disgorged the contents of my stomach. I could well have died. Stepping to the toilet to piss after a last dry spasm of the oesophagus, I’d noticed a stale gooeyness of the pubic region, and got a whiff of the scent of Lily’s sex, which remains an indelible memory, pleasant in spite of the inglorious circumstances.
Waking around eight the next morning, I rose, still half drunk, from a couch in the living room, scattering the seat cushions to the floor. I’d piled them on top of me to keep warm. Returning to the bathroom, I found the sink three-quarters full of pungent, multicolored vomit. Disgusting! I thought, briefly enraged. What kind of animal … ? And then I realized that it had most likely been me. I pulled up the chain looped around the cold water tap until I was sure the plug was free, but that didn’t do it, even when I ran the water. I plunged my hand in and cleared the drain of the chunks of whatever it was. Pizza? When had I managed to eat that? I did this several times with the water running, until the sink was empty enough that I had only to scoop up the remaining solid bits—the biggest ones—and flush them down the toilet. I wiped the sink clean with my palm, and hoped there were enough teen binge-drinkers still crashed out in the house that if anyone else had been to the bathroom since my last visit, they couldn’t pin the filth on me.
In the kitchen out back, the house’s owners—and only now I realized that I didn’t know the hostess or her father—were clearing away glasses, dishes, and the scattered and crushed pieces of assorted dry snack foods. I refused their offers of concern, breakfast, and a lift to the bus stop, then walked almost two kilometers out to the highway alone, to avoid any awkward conversation about my last night’s abuse of their hospitality.
The hangover was so bad I wanted to die. I felt like vomiting again, but kept it down. I needed to drink, but had no water. The sun was only weak, but the sky was clear, and the light beat at my eyes with hammerlike intensity. I felt chilled enough to shiver, but my armpits were damp with sweat.
The bus driver eyed me strangely when I boarded, but said nothing unusual. When I got home, Dad called after me. “What happened to you?” I ducked out of his sight up the ground-floor hallway and into the bathroom. Only there did I discover that parts of my fringe were matted with vomit, my jeans were dirty from being cast aside and crushed into the ground, and there were dark, stained patches on my gray t-shirt around the neck and chest, the results of my less-than-perfect aim when I’d been defiling the party house’s sink. I’d deserved whatever looks I got on the way home.
In the shower, I turned the water up strong and hot, and imagined it leaching the sickness and the ache out of me. I felt dirty inside and out, and yet the thrill of success thrummed in the back of my mind. I’d got what I’d gone for. Not in the style I’d imagined it—no scented candles, no gentle music, no hint of romance and not even any great, extended pleasure—but I’d got it. I thought I’d feel different, sans-virginity, but I was still just the youngest boy in my year, and only a day closer to being a man, as I’d been the day before and would be the day after. Fucking Lily hadn’t been beautiful or rare or moving, but then, I supposed, there was the lesson: sex isn’t like that. Nothing special, just necessary. I hadn’t wanted to think that way about it, or to debase Lily by doing so, but there it was.
And what would God think of me? With my meditations, and my exploration of the Gita and of Nietzsche, I’d thought I was moving away from letting the Church tell me what I should believe, what I should do, how I should feel about it, and what the consequences would be. But I couldn’t help feeling stained. I didn’t go to mass anymore, but should I go to confession? Had I just committed a mortal sin? There must have been some sort of wisdom in the teaching of saving sex for marriage, at the very least. Since I’d just destroyed the possibility of doing it for the first time with my one true love as a holy act in a pristine marriage bed (four-poster, white sheets smelling of fresh laundry, overstuffed down quilt), I felt I’d lost something.
Yet, considering what might have been, I also lingered on what had. This was Lily, after all. Many afternoons she had laid her head on my shoulder as she shared her stories with me, and revealed her brutal intimacy with the ways of love, or whatever passed for it in her world. I thought her beautiful. I had wanted her.
The alcohol still in my system had my inhibitions down, and the pain of the hangover made me long for comfort—I touched myself as I savored the indistinct memory of my hand sliding up her shirt to her smooth bare breast, the way my fingers had sunk into the slickness between her legs, the pressure of her lips, the tightness of her around me, and the sense of homecoming on releasing into her. It was all followed rapidly by that familiar sense of remorse and loneliness, which I felt again as I came under the hot water, the semen rubberizing instantly on my fingers and in the hair on my inner thigh.
After that, I was ready to dry myself and sleep. No-one troubled me further about my appearance on returning home. Mum and Dad knew enough about teenage parties to be glad I’d made it home alive and able to clean up on my own. They didn’t want to press me with questions that might give me reason to avoid talking to them in future.
All is burning
The window was dark when I roused to a knock on the door. “Are you awake in there?” Dad asked, his voice muffled by the wood.
“No,” I answered. I liked this paradox. “Why?”
“The old tip’s on fire,” he said.
I felt well rested, though terribly thirsty, and threw the covers off with vigor, partly in fear (was this an evacuation?), but mostly in celebration of a startling sense of relative wellbeing. The headache and the sickness were gone.
I answered my door in boxers and a plain, clean white t-shirt. “Should I be worried? Is there a toxic cloud?”
Dad’s face was rapturous. “No. Just come and have a look. If you want to, of course. Are you okay?”
“Yeah, fine. Just give me a sec.”
I only had one pair of jeans, currently befouled. I put on my gray wool school trousers instead, and a pair of black-and-white Converse sneakers, no socks.
A few minutes’ drive from our house, back away from the waterfront, was the Trueman’s Road Recreation Reserve: a football field, an athletics track, a basketball court and a clubhouse, all built on earth packed down over half a century of old trash. It had been there my whole life, and for over fifteen years our refuse had been piling up just a little further down the road, at the new tip closed in with cyclone fencing. I’d been there just once, with Mum and Dad’s, while they scoured the place for old furniture to do up. They’d found a few small desks, odd dining chairs, and a chartreuse velvet lounge-suite put in since the last rain and still dry. This was their aesthetic: old and quirky. Dad, don’t forget, had been a furniture restorer before he gave up working. I’d poked around for a bit, overturning some old mattresses in search of hidden treasures, but then I got a light scratch from a protruding, rusty spring, and backed away into a clear patch in fear of tetanus.
We took the car, and pulled up in the gravel parking lot by the football field. Then we walked silently across the damp grass towards the fence. It was dark out there, and already I could see the red glow cast across the sky. I didn’t want to tell Dad that I’d just had my first lay, but that was the only thing on my mind, so I had to shut up. Sometimes he knew when not to talk. Maybe he could sense something had happened to me that I was still absorbing.
I could feel the excitement radiating off him. Not much happened to Dad since he stopped working, I supposed. Life seemed to be about little things for him now, small, daily pleasures, the rhythms of weather and the seasons, novels finished and closed, written on a list of trophies and returned to the library. It was comfortable to be out in the night with him, not speaking, father and son together in their aloneness.
When I reached the wire, I clawed my fingers into it and climbed to straddle the bar running along the top. Inside, in the distance, a ridge of trash was ablaze, spewing solid black smoke windward and away from us. Amid the flames, I imagined the silhouettes of burning and collapsing mattresses, old tires, and the steel hulks of mid-century refrigerators licked by the flames undeformed, like the indestructible souls of mortals tortured forever in the fires of hell, unrepentant. The world was on fire for me, and for what I’d done.
I know now that philosophers have a name for the idea that the world reflects our inner state. It’s called the sympathetic fallacy. I held to an even wider folly, that it mattered at all to the world—not just the people in it, but the rocks, the sky, the trees, the space between the stars—what happened to me, and whether I fulfilled all that I dreamed of being. It doesn’t matter if there is fire without, only that there is fire within, and that you let it burn outward and consume the world. I wanted to let it, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t bear to do the wrong thing, so most of the time, I did nothing. The night before, I’d grabbed what I wanted, and look what happened: the world burned.
If you ever say you love me
I had expected fanfare the following Monday, and I got it. Lily and Rose returned to the bus. I knew they had done it for me. This had to play out now, with Lily and I together, and Rose looking on to see what happened. But although I sat in Lily’s corner, she was cool to me. She sat at a friendly distance with her back straight and her freshly washed hair—an unusual outward show of dignity—cascading like a waterfall of black lacquer over her shoulders. I wished she’d throw her arms around me and lavish me with passionate kisses, so I could see what she tasted like flavored by morning toothpaste instead of cigarettes and alcohol.
“How was your weekend?” I asked her.
“Uneventful,” she said. “I waited for a guy to call, but he never did.”
“I don’t have your number.”
“It wasn’t you.”
“Oh.” That was deflating.
Silence.
“I’m not going to give you my number unless you ask for it, you know.”
“Why not?” I said.
“Because. Why not ask? Have you had enough of me already?”
“That’s not it.”
“Then what is it?”
“Why can’t you just help me?” I pleaded. “Why can’t you just make me do whatever it is you want from me?”
“You ought to be better than that. Be a man, Josh. Why hold back?”
“I’m afraid, Lily.”
“Don’t talk to me that way, Joshua. You make me sick.” She put a palm up to silence me. The face ain’t listening, it said. We sat in silence all the way to school, the bus wending up the coast past stippled grey water and sullen skies.
• • •
So, I’d been right in feeling that losing my virginity changed nothing. Lily had been crushing, but the common room was much as I expected. The cat-calls and whooping, the amazed adulation of geeks and jocks alike, the taunts—they were all there.
“I didn’t think you had it in you … Baldy, I never knew you played the strumpet, looks like you did have a thing for Lily after all … Nice work kid, next time try having some standards.” More than anything, repeated variations on “What was it like?” I realized then that even being two years younger than most of the guys in school, I’d still beaten most of them to the punch. That weighty virginity I’d sloughed off was still wrapped like a lead cape around the shoulders of more than half the guys I knew. As they asked for the details, I heard envy in their voices. Most days I was the weird little kid who hung around here because he was some kind of prodigy. That day and that day only, I was the guy everyone knew had gotten laid on the weekend.
It puffed me up as much as could be done, and still I didn’t know what to say to Lily. I sat next to Rose on the way home, and Lily sat in the other corner casting dark glances at me when she thought I wasn’t looking.
“So … Lily,” Rose said to me, slavering for gossip.
“Yes,” I said.
“What now?”
“Isn’t that between me and her?”
“I thought you liked me.”
“You turned me down, Rose.”
“You took too long.”
“It was barely a week!”
“I’ll be single again one day, I’m sure.”
“What kind of an invitation is that?”
“A better one than Lily’s. At least you’ll have me to yourself until we get bored of each other.”
“That’s what you expect to happen?”
“We don’t really have much in common, do we?”
“Then why would you be interested?”
“Why not? You’re kinda cute sometimes. When you don’t talk too much. You can be a bit of a freak, as well.”
What was it with these people? Why couldn’t you just sit tight until you were ready, instead of flailing around at everyone and everything? When the time was right, you’d know, if you just stayed free and looked about you. Wouldn’t you?
And maybe now the time was right. When Lily and Rose started packing their things to go, I got up ahead of Rose, and moved into the aisle.
“What are you doing?” Lily snapped.
“Today, this is my stop.”
“You’re not following me,” she said.
“Watch me.”
“Don’t be a creep.”
“Whatever you want me to be,” I said. “I don’t know how to be it.”
“Are you getting out or what?” the driver shouted down the aisle, spraying a coarse mist of tobacco juice.
Lily stamped out. I followed her. “Joshua, no!” she shouted.
The driver grabbed my shirtsleeve as I made to go out the steps behind her.
“You got a problem, kid?” He boggled an eye at me menacingly, his shiny tobacco cheek crimson and angry below it.
“Just run-of-the-mill teenage angst.”
“If there’s any trouble, I know who you are.”
“There won’t be.”
“Glad to hear it.” He let me go, and closed the door and drove away once I was on the pavement. Lily was storming off around the corner.
“Let her go, Josh,” Rose said. “It won’t do any good to make her angry with you. Trust me.” I stared at her blankly as she stood with her hand pushing the door of her father’s shop half open, and he looked out at me from the counter.
Then I ran after Lily, and caught sight of her as she was about to turn down the lane that acted as a service entry for the block of shops. She and her mother lived there in a shabby, irregular two-story building of pink fibro, huddled unsteadily against the back of the Jade Gate. When I’d gained on her enough, I grabbed her by the arm. She rounded on me, enraged, and stamped on my foot, screaming, “Get off me!”
With her in flats, the stomp didn’t hurt at all. I don’t think she meant it to, and besides, she weighed about as close to nothing as was safe. She pulled away, I’m sure, only so I would have to hold her by both arms and force her to look at me. Holding her there, I could smell her body spray: plain vanilla, two or three bucks a can at the supermarket. No fancy perfume for her yet: the Laus had lived poor for a long time. Back then you could go into the Gate for takeaway just about any night of the year and there’d be no-one seated in the restaurant.
Gripping her skinny upper arms, I jerked Lily to me and kissed her hard. She did not resist, but when I loosened my grip, she threw her arms around my shoulders. I put mine on her hips. She still tasted like cigarettes, but this time the sensation was clear in my mind, and I knew exactly what I was doing. I felt the sweet, dry pressure of her lips on mine, and the wetness of her mouth, again as though for the first time.
“I haven’t had enough of you,” I told her. “I wanted you for so long and I barely knew it. I wouldn’t let myself. I know I could have asked for your number, but I wouldn’t have called you. I would have just sat by the phone night after night, looking at it and not calling you until it was too late, like when I called Rose and she was taken. Except that with you, it wouldn’t be some flippant, ditsy girl thing: you’d hate me for it somehow, and then how could I talk to you?”
“You’re pathetic.”
“No, it’s … You’re not right for me, Lily. I’m scared of your world. Of the drug dealers, and the knife-pulling, and you having fucked what seems like every guy in town.”
“I’m scared of that world, too, Josh. I don’t want to live in it all my life. But it’s … It’s my reality, right now. It’s better for you that you were never a part of that. Don’t touch it if you don’t want to. But how can you not know what to do? Don’t you want to fuck me again? Isn’t that the easiest thing in the world?”
I pulled her hips hard against mine, so she could feel my cock straining to reach her through our clothes. With my thumbs, I could feel the ridge of her panties’ waistband standing out against her skin, and my fingertips brushed against the swell of her ass under that thin, checked cotton school dress. “Of course I want to fuck you again,” I said.
“So I see,” she said, looking at my crotch and laughing. “Come with me. I’ve been thinking about this for months, and Saturday didn’t do it. We’ve got until five thirty. Then I’ve got to do the dinner shift.” An hour and a half. She wriggled free of my grip, took my hand, and led me down the lane with a skip. She turned back to me once with a grin and a giggle, and then we were away.
Lily was always alive with pent-up energy, and that haunted, hungry look of hers. I’d never seen her let go of it before, set it free into any kind of innocent joy. For a moment, I could believe she was really eighteen, an ordinary girl who belonged there in that shitty town with the rest of us. Her movement, and her scent, and the smile I could see on her even when she looked away from me, illuminated everything. The dusty back lot smelled of the rotting meat, vegetables, and rice in their commercial dumpster. Grass grew in the cracks in the pavement, the paint peeled from the walls of her ramshackle house, and a window on the upper story was half-smashed in the frame, but it was all perfect in her presence.
She kicked off her shoes in the entryway, and took off her socks by standing on the toe of each one and pulling her other foot out.
“You have to take your shoes off,” she said. “Chinese custom.”
“I’d do it anyway,” I said. “I hate people wearing their shoes in the house.” Dad was always tracking dirt in from outside.
Hers was the room at the back, up a set of creaky stairs. The room with the cracked windowpane. Looking down through it at the dirt yard and the dried-out palings of the back fence, I ran my fingers across the cracks in the glass.
“Some jerk I fucked came by and threw a rock at it when he found out I didn’t intend to be his girlfriend,” she said. “Poor guy. No point replacing it: he might come ’round again. Or who knows—maybe you’ll put another crack in it yourself.”
And then she flopped down backward on her single bed, hitched up her dress and pulled off her plain black cotton-lycra knickers so fast I caught just a flash of fuzzy black snatch before it was covered again by the falling folds of her school dress. Still wearing it, she rolled over on her belly, and pushed herself up on her knees. “Fuck me,” she said. “No warm-up. This is your last chance. If you choke now you’ll never have me again. No pressure.”
Saturday in the bushes was not how I imagined sex would be for me, and neither was this. Just weeks ago I’d been inclined to lie in bed and masturbate while thinking of Rose’s plump white body rolling under me in moonlight, her and I entwined on a beach, lips locked, her arms and legs around me—two become one, that sort of thing. Now Lily, still looking very much the schoolgirl, aggressively pushed at me her gingham-curtained piece of ass. Try it now: you’ll never get another chance. She looked back at me over her shoulder and gave me an impish smile as she wiggled her ass. “Best lay you’ve ever had. I promise,” she said with an air of mocking sweetness that managed to be more enticing than brutal. The only and therefore the best, I thought.
I climbed up to kneel on the bed behind her, and lifted her dress. Underneath, her slender thighs rose up to the subtly heart-shaped curve of her ass. A darker wedge of skin showed between her cheeks, around the pucker of her asshole, and beneath that the bulge of her lips, and a patch of spiky black hair as her flesh curved back around toward her belly. I could smell her—it makes me hard just to remember it. I grabbed her with my hand, rubbing my fingers against her hair, and sank my thumb into her warmth and wetness, to probe the entry to the hole within its midst. As I pushed it into her, she breathed in roughly.
Of course I was hard already, but when I put my thumb in my mouth to clean it before I undid my fly, the taste made me ache for her. She’d made it easy for me, sticking her ass in the air like that. There was nothing in the world but her—no, but this part of her. I thought I should feel guilty for reducing Lily in this way. But she had done it intentionally. “No warm-up,” she’d said, and “this is your last chance.” Fuck, if I couldn’t have worked out what to do next, I’d have deserved her contempt.
And then, I’d seen the pictures and the videos. So I pushed my trousers down around my knees, unbuttoned my white shirt so I could get it out of the way, and then I grabbed my cock and pressed the head of it between her lips. My aim was true, and within moments I was balls-deep in her. My left hand was on her hip, and with the other I grabbed her shoulder and pulled her back. Just as she’d said, it was the easiest thing in the world.
Lily is not shy, and she knew her mother would be out of earshot, already in the kitchen chopping vegetables, her cleaver pounding on the log-round they used as a chopping block. As I entered Lily, the girl let out an angry cry. But then, she didn’t stint on feedback, sighing, moaning, and giving directions. “Deeper … fuck me … slap my ass … lick your fingers and touch my clit.” And, once she had unbuttoned the front of her dress with one hand, still holding her body up with the other arm, “grab my tits.” She asked me not for the gentleness I thought all girls desired, but for me to go harder. Everything, with her, must always be faster, deeper, better, more.
Whatever man she imagined was behind her, she wanted almost violence from him, and as I attacked her with such vigor, it threatened to be over too soon. I felt that familiar sensation rising in me, and stopped.
“Shit, Lily, won’t I make you pregnant? Aren’t you worried I’ll give you AIDS or something?”
“Jesus,” she gasped, “don’t stop, you silly boy. I’m on the pill. And weren’t you a virgin until Saturday? Who have you been fucking since then?”
“Oh, I …” My excuses fled. Even now, I realized, I was looking for a reason to pull out. It was too late.
“I said. Don’t. Stop.” Lily ground her ass against me.
And I let go. I grabbed Lilly by the waist and by the neck and I rammed her so hard I could barely relax enough to take a breath, until I shot my load into her and collapsed exhausted against her arched back.
She gave me less than ten seconds.
“You don’t get off that easily,” she said. “Lick me.” She rolled onto her back and spread, with her knees up. Thank God for diagrams in medical encylopedias—I knew just what I was looking for. So I got down between her thighs, and with my face buried in her pussy, I licked the semen already leaking from her and then sucked and tongued her clit until, with a breathless shout of victory, she came. I lifted my head with the plan to take her in my arms, but she pushed me down roughly. Where was the girl who had stamped on my foot with so little force? Slowly at first, and then furiously, I lapped at her, half suffocating (I had a mild cold and a blocked nose), until the cries of victory came again, not once or twice, but four times. Finally she pushed my head away when I went back for more. My jaw hurt. When I lay on my back next to her, she threw an arm across my chest, and I put an arm around her back and hugged her to me.
“That was incredible,” I said.
“I know.”
“Is it always like that?”
“Not with most girls, I think.”
A cosmic sense of warmth and rightness filled me, holding her there and hearing her voice, now gentle. It moved me to speak again: “I love …”
In a flash she had her hand on my chest and pushed away from me with revulsion.
Her eyes were deadly and her voice was grim. “It must seem like there are many ways to displease me,” she said. “Is it true? I think I’m simpler than most people realize, when you understand me. But hear this: if you ever say you love me, this is over. We’ve been friends. Now we’re—call me a fuck-buddy, if you want to. Better yet, just call me Lily. Don’t ever, ever, tell me you love me. Don’t ruin this for me—or for yourself. Do you understand?”
“If that’s how you want it …”
“No, not ‘if that’s how I want it.’ That’s how you have to feel it. I won’t be your girl. I’ll be with whoever I want, whenever I want. I won’t be bound to you, you won’t own me. If you fall in love with me, you’ll get mopey and possessive, and it won’t be fun anymore. Want me, but don’t love me, not even as a thing you keep secret. Okay?”
I was disappointed but not surprised. I tried to put a smile in my voice as I told her I was okay with it.
“Good. Welcome to the Lily club, Josh. Now you can go home. I have to get ready for work. Hey, wait, you can help me with this…”
She shucked off her school dress and threw it at me in a ball, which I caught in both hands. She grabbed a handful of tissues, scooped the mess from between her legs, and when she’d thrown that in the bin, she took another two tissues and placed them carefully folded into her knickers before she put them on. Such a simple trick, but I felt awed, like I was watching a veteran tend her battle wounds. She took a red brocade cheongsam from her mirrored wardrobe, stepped into it and jerked it up over her hips and shoulders. After adjusting the dress roughly, she turned her back to me and said, “zip me up.”
So I did. I put my right hand on her waist, and in the slow seconds where my hand pulled the zip tight, drawing the dress in over her body, I took in the sight of her smooth, light brown back, the small of it shadowed with a triangle of fine black hairs, and then the contours of her vertebrae and the hollows under her shoulder blades. It felt right, intimate.
“You know,” she said gently, “whatever I might say, don’t think I mean to push you away. I know you’re different. I don’t expect you to screw it up like the rest. You can have me whenever you want. I’m busy a lot of the time, but there’s always an hour here and there. Like this. And I’ll have you whenever I want, too. It’s part of the bargain. Don’t refuse me.”
“Why would I?”
“Maybe I’ll tire you out. Maybe you’ll fall in love with another girl. Maybe you’ll get fed up with me toying with your affections. But even if you do—don’t refuse me.”
“Or else?”
“Or else you’ll lose the most amazing thing that ever fell into your lap.”
I knew that it was true.

END OF #1

The story continues in My Generation’s Lament (http://benhourigan.com/writing/my-generations-lament/), 
book 2 of the No More Dreams series.
***
Review this book

Now that you’ve finished this book, please consider taking a few minutes to write a sentence or two about your experience, and post it on as many of your favorite e-book retailers as you can.

Your review of this, and the other books you read, is the best way to help new readers find great books, and it means a great deal to the authors you love. Thank you so much.


***
About the author
Ben Hourigan is an Australian novelist and editor who travels extensively in Asia. He is the founder of Hourigan & Co. (http://hourigan.co), a consultancy offering editing, publishing, and digital media services to self-published authors, organizations, and individuals. 

Before establishing himself as a full-time writer and editor, he worked as an editor and publisher in the magazine industry and for a Sydney think tank. He has a BA in English and Asian studies from the University of Melbourne, and an MBA from the University of New England.

If you want to get email notifications when Ben releases a new book or has other news, sign up here (http://eepurl.com/Spy09). Your email address will never be shared and you can unsubscribe at any time.

Ben is also the author of My Generation’s Lament (http://benhourigan.com/writing/my-generations-lament/), book 2 of the No More Dreams series.
Get in touch
Ben writes about writing, travel, and a range of other topics on his blog, benhourigan.com. You can also check out Hourigan & Co. (http://hourigan.co), where he is the creative director. Alternatively, you can follow him on Twitter (http://twitter.com/benhourigan), Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/benhourigan.writer), and Instagram (http://instagram.com/benhourigan), or send him an email at benhourigan@gmail.com: he’d love to hear from you. 


***
Contents
1. Reunited	3
Why ponder life’s complexities?	3
Sometimes I wanted to tell her I loved her	4
Whatever it cost	7
2. Dreaming
	21
The first of books	21
My beloved retard	21
Medical malpractice	22
The despondence of the future legend	25
The most arrogant person they had ever met, bar one	26
The hand of chaos incarnate	29
Helmet	32
The dream	34
Eating Chinese	36
My myth	38
By Joshua undone	40
3. Flowers
	44
Rose and Lily	44
An ordinary girl	46
On the tip of my tongue	48
Cliché	49
Read. Think. Pay attention.	51
The Dispossessed	53
We’re getting out	55
Procrastination	56
The gate closes	59
Octohead	59
The show	60
4. Fire	66
What kind of animal … ?	66
All is burning	67
If you ever say you love me	68
Review this book	74
About the author	75
Get in touch	75


Copyright
Kiss Me, Genius Boy
 (No More Dreams #1)

Ben Hourigan
Published by Nameless Books

Copyright © 2011 by Ben Hourigan
 All rights reserved
v.2014-07-27

Nameless Books is
 an imprint of Hourigan SA
 Victoria, Mahé, Seychelles
 http://hourigan.co
 @houriganco

Find the author online:
 benhourigan.com
 @benhourigan

This ebook is licensed for a single reader only, and may not be resold or given away. If you would like to share this book with another person, please buy an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not buy it, or it was not bought for you, please buy your own copy. Thank you for supporting the writers and the art form that you love.
***
