
Before you start reading, check out the book trailer for any of Mohana’s titles!
www.youtube.com/themohadoha
Other books by Mohana are also available on Amazon.com.

Love Comes Later
Winner of the Best Indie Book Award 2013, Romance
Short-listed for the New Talent Award, Festival of Romance 2012
From Dunes to Dior
Winner of Indie Book of the Day, September 2013
An Unlikely Goddess
Winner of the SheWrites New Novelist Award 2011
Saving Peace
Semi Finalist, Literary Novel, Kindle Review of Books, 2012
Mommy But Still Me
So, You Want to Sell a Million Copies?
Coloured and Other Stories


Coloured and other Stories
By Mohanalakshmi Rajakumar
Cover design by Law Alsobrook
©  2013


License notes: 
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Amazon.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


What readers are saying about Coloured and Other Stories:
“The stories in Coloured are instantly absorbing- which is a triumph with short stories where the writer only has a limited number of pages to win you over.” –Phoebe
“I fell into the world of the various peoples that were affected individually by the outside world for the color of their skin, their traditions as well as from their own culture.” – Michelle C. Jordan
“Coloured and Other Stories is a collection of vivid, emotionally rich, and intricately woven tales about family, romance, and the search for identity.” – Kulsoom F Rizvi
Other books by Mohanalakshmi Rajakumar
www.mohanalakshmi.com
The Dohmestics http://www.amazon.com/The-Dohmestics-ebook/dp/B00AREGO36
Love Comes Later http://www.amazon.com/Love-Comes-Later-ebook/dp/B008I4JJES
From Dunes to Dior http://www.amazon.com/From-Dunes-to-Dior-ebook/dp/B0083AJ294
Mommy But Still Me http://www.amazon.com/Mommy-but-Still-Me-ebook/dp/B0069D1XPS
So, You Want to Sell a Million Copies? http://www.amazon.com/Want-Sell-Million-Copies-ebook/dp/B005XNIX1W 
Saving Peace http://www.amazon.com/Saving-Peace-ebook/dp/B006VIOZ1A



For Jean P. Arrington who taught me that everyone has a story and then introduced me to the world of fiction.
and
Angela Davis-Gardner who listened to me when I said story telling traditions differ; and then helped me develop mine.


Acknowledgements
This collection began as a whim while I was a graduate student studying literature at North Carolina State University in Raleigh, North Carolina. I took a creative writing seminar as an elective because I’ve always been an avid reader and, as I told the group of watchful fellow students in the course, “good readers make good writers.”
That course with novelist Angela Davis-Gardner sparked a love of writing that led to more workshops with Angela as well as with science fiction writer John Kessel. Soon I found myself adding creative writing as a second concentration to my Masters degree. The ensuing work led to the first draft of stories in this collection that you’ll soon be enjoying on your e-Reader. I’m of course grateful to Angela and John and to all the members of my thesis committee including Dr. Leila May for reading numerous drafts, commenting, and supporting what was at the time a hobby; a hobby that took nearly ten years to become a passion.
Just after they were written, many of these stories appeared separately in journals and anthologies, and these are noted throughout the text in the relevant instances. This is the first time they are all gathered together and represent my first foray into digital publishing.
I welcome your thoughts, reflections, or questions on these stories which were inspired by various situations of South Asian immigrants living in the United States. Drop me a line mohanalakshmi@hotmail.com, Tweet @moda_doha, or on my Facebook page www.facebook.com/themohadoha.
Happy reading,
Mohana
Doha, Qatar 
September 2011
Coloured and other Stories
By Mohanalakshmi Rajakumar
Contents
Dasi
Coloured
Food
Baby
Tree
Down
Truth
Exposure
Weeds
Plates
About the Author

Dasi
“Dasi” was first published in the anthology Book of Voices. Ed. Michael Butscher Flame Books: England. March 2005.

Age 78
We were all sleeping — or under the delusion of sleep — crumpled, a few feet from the entryway of the temple.  This was the closest they would let us sleep, since some of us still bled.  The double curse of woman and blood kept us from the smooth pavement of the steps. There the surface was worn by the hundreds of pairs of feet approaching to do the pilgrim’s duties.  Here, on the side of the road, the dirt was a meager covering over the sharp rocks, roots and assorted trash that made our beds.
I exhaled, aware that those around me were also waking, but no one was talking.  My eyes opened, to see curled forms next to me.  A few more minutes and then the call to prayer will sound.  We will rise as we have every other morning, joints creaking, shake dust from ourselves as best we can, ignore the fact that our night’s lodging has left permanent stains on our white widows’ saris and then begin.
If we chanted the full four hours without stopping, we received a full bowl of rice.  Of course this rice wasn’t hot, as it usually came from the bottom of the pot after the priests had eaten, but it was far better than if you only chanted for three, two, or for the just arrived, one hour.  These shorter prayers awarded only a few spoonfuls of rice, never enough to fill the bowl and not enough to quell the ever-present hunger.  It was a rough system, not fair, but then the hopes of fairness had been left aside long ago when our heads were shaved at our husband’s deathbeds. 
“Krishna, Krishna, Krishna …” 
How I had grown to hate that name. I, who, as a young girl, had been so fascinated by his blue skin and curly black hair in my brother’s picture books.  This god who became man had come to earth to help people, save them from the demons overrunning the place.  And he had a special place in his heart for women, my aunt would always tell me.  At prayer time she would point me to the crude wood frame that held his smiling face, firm blue skin, and glowing, playful eyes.
“Aunty, what should I say?” my girlish voice, trembling in the most sacred of spots in my family’s hut.
“If you don’t know what to say, just chant his name.”
My father’s sister was a devout woman who had brought me up in Hindu worship.  It was she who had been the first to tell me my duties at my husband’s death.
Age 60
Is it strange that here in the dirt and dust I have found a particular place to sleep? A spot I can tell merely by the way the curve of my back fits into the exactness of the rough earth? No matter how they try to stamp out the individual in us, she rears her head again and again.  Oddly enough, physical fights break out among us regularly. They are mere skirmishes really, since most of us are too weak to sustain any physical activity for long.  From where I lay, in the encroaching dusk, I could see the two women, the loose flesh of their faces flapping as their lips moved back and forth.  I was too far away to hear what they were saying but I could see the two jagged edges of a blue comb gripped in one hand.  I sighed and rolled over. Possessions were precious few here and some thought they had a right to keep the things that they arrived with.  Our group was silent as the argument continued, joined by women taking sides.  The verbal wrangling would grow more heated and last well into the night.  They would be tired tomorrow and those that participated would be too fatigued to finish their chants.
They were younger than we were.
Most of them hadn’t spent a winter here and were still full of themselves.
The younger ones were so transparent.  Their grief was fresh on their faces at the sight of a husband and wife approaching the temple together.  The envy in their eyes could have substituted for snake venom as they assessed the saris of the female pilgrims.  The clean hands and faces, the bright flowers in their glossy hair, the gold draped around their necks and hanging from their earlobes.  Most of us, like me, had gaping holes in our ears. The older ones had ear holes that brushed their shoulders, replacing their absent locks.  Their shaved scalps had white sprigs of hair pushing up, determined, through the leathery skin.
I watched the older ones through shuttered eyes during the day, knowing their wrinkled, frail bodies were what awaited mine as our fates were intertwined.  Yes, those young housewives sparked envy indeed.
Age 50
My only friend here, Rekah, died before me.  It was after that summer that I wanted to take my life.  The problem was there was no inner room that I was granted entrance to where I could hang myself.  
And, aside from my own sari, there was no material for me to hang myself with.  I refused the indignity of showing my body, even in death, to those that would find me.  These men had enough satisfaction in our torment.  My mind refused to give them even one glimpse — even the glimpse at a corpse — for free. 
The first few days after they had taken Rekah away, I wandered around the temples.  I didn’t chant, I didn’t present myself for prayers, and I found myself walking farther and farther away from those surroundings where I had lived most of my adult life.  I realized during that time that these were the images foremost in my mind.  The chalky white of the sacred dust on the priests’ foreheads mingling with the red, the endless droning from those of  us waiting for our food, the dusty brown of the temples, some centuries old, looming over us.  With the intricate carvings of the animals on the temple eaves, I often caught myself looking over my shoulder.  I felt as though I were watched continuously by those decaying stone eyes, my every movement monitored.
“Dasi, you must pray tomorrow.”
I heard the voice but failed to respond.  Each day my wanderings grew in an ever increasing circle, but I still felt compelled to sleep in my group at night.  Though I hadn’t made it to our sleeping area while the others were awake.
“You haven’t eaten in two weeks. Please pray tomorrow Dasi. Please.” 
Even among ourselves we use the word, servant.  For that’s what we are. We were religious servants; supposedly, we are spending the rest of our days in exile, worshipping Krishna, the champion of the downtrodden woman.  The woman who had whispered to me realized from my turned back that I was not going to respond, and I heard her sigh.  Without Rekah, I wanted no one else to care for me.  I cared for no one. 
Age 34
“What is your name?”
The voice was friendly, jovial even.
The beauty of the woman who asked the question astonished me.  She stretched; languidly it seemed to me, as if waking after a night of contented sleep. She was tall, as if her legs had decided they would take up most of her body.  Her white sari struggled to conceal those legs and her bosom simultaneously.  Her breasts were still high, their peaks sitting high above her waist in the manner that they should. All around us were the drooping bosoms of the oldest widows, sagging sometimes to their waists.  The sight of her startled me; I was almost embarrassed by her bright eyes and plump cheeks.  At the time I thought shyness prevented me from responding, but now, I realize anger clogged my throat. 
“Rekah,” she continued. She smiled a quick flash of still white teeth.
In my mind I still see that face, perfect in its babyish roundness, those clear black eyes staring straight into mine.  She was the first to look me in the eyes in over ten years.
“We are all dasi here,” I said.  I refused to be saddened at the spark leaving her eyes and her hands clutching each other at her waist.  Her chin trembled.  I realized her self-introduction had been bravado.  I felt like the little boy in my village that used to pester our family’s docile cow; she died of starvation my mother said, not because we didn’t have food, but because we couldn’t protect her from his daily mistreatment.
“But my name was Saraswathi.”
I heard my name for the first time in over a decade and it set off a metallic ring in my ear drum, as though hearing it from a transistor radio.
Age 22
“And what is your name, miss?”
Today landowners came and met with priests, asking for special bagans and pujas to help their crops grow and keep their lands prosperous for another year.  
The older women/widows tried to group around the steps and hide us, younger and firmer, in their midst.  Forgetting this rule, I left to relieve myself. I was cornered on my way back.
I shook my head and kept walking, but he was large, and filled the space in front of me. I could brush aside and pass him, but that was an offense tantamount to sacrilege.  After all, our rice rations often came out of their storehouses.  Instead, I lowered my head and kept walking.  If I could get close to one of the temples, I knew there was a better chance of rescue. 
He walked alongside me, almost as if we were out for a stroll, two hundred yards from the first temple, near the rubbish heaps and latrines. I quickened my pace, dreading the stretch of stalls we approached.  The stall owners were henchmen of the landowners and their booths ensured profit as well as a network to monitor the priests.  The booths boasted goods such as coconuts, flowers, rice and other necessities for the forgetful worshiper.  These commodities were exchangeable for favors.  Most of us preferred to go hungry.
“Where are you going, in such a rush?”
Almost abreast of the first stall, several vendors leapt to their feet in recognition of the man beside me.  One vendor stepped out from his booth and executed a flawless bow before us.  Just as I was sweeping past, I felt my unwanted escort’s damp palm clamp on my arm.
“My friend, can you show this dasi some of your fine wares? She wants to make special prayers.”
I stood between them as they murmured over the assortment spread in front of us.  I felt the imprints of his fingers on my arm.  Suddenly he dragged me around the corner of the booth, and under the entrance flap.  I blinked my eyes in the semi-darkness of the backroom in order to see in front of me. He jerked me back against him. 
The whispered warnings were not enough to prepare me for this; whatever I had heard, it wasn’t enough to capture the reality of violation. Through a funnel I heard rather than felt his ragged breath and blunt fingers, my senses confused, all I could focus on was the face I saw ahead of me in the dim light.  A young face, no more than ten, peered at me across the dank room.  Large eyes, a pointed chin, curly hair. I couldn’t tell if it was a boy or a girl, but the child’s eyes were locked to mine. The man continued behind me, I fought not to buckle under the force of his blunt intrusion; I wasn’t sure how much the child could see.  The searing pain brought water to my eyes; I bit my cheek until the hot taste of blood filled my mouth. Done, he pushed me from him. His arms no longer fused at my elbows, I fell forward to my knees. 
The older ones didn’t tell you that the booth owner had a turn.  Perhaps they thought it was better not to know, the first time. 
Age 14
When my mother-in-law entered the room with sari rustling, I realized I had fallen asleep. My head snapped up and I looked at the sleeping form of the boy that was my husband.
I came to his village, a few miles from my own, to be his wife.  A few days ago my husband had fallen ill and become bedridden.  He hadn’t risen.  Now, his mother clucked over him and I could tell by the way her tongue moved I was going to catch it. This woman hated me.
“Why is he not covered? Keep him covered.” 
Her voice was sharp as the nails holding the thread-bare blanket that partitioned our corner off from the rest of the hut.  I rose to do as she said, but she waved me off and tucked the blanket around him herself.  I stood there, watching her brush her hand over his forehead and whisper into his sleeping face.  I stood when around her; otherwise she took offense at my laziness or disrespect.  The shadows lengthened as the sun filtered through the small window cut in the mud wall.  My stomach growled and I clutched it but didn’t raise my eyes to her gaze. 
“You had lunch, yes?”
I nodded. She grunted from the corner of her mouth and swept from the room tossing aside the curtain so that it was a full minute before the blanket settled over the doorway.  I sighed. Since my husband had fallen ill she had reduced my meals to one a day; and my movements – I was to be outside our corner to go to the latrine or eat only.  She did not want my help with the housework or my company.  
“Get well, Rakesh, please. Get well,” I whispered. This was my nightly conversation with him before drifting off from my mat on the floor. 
My husband was handsome; his wide smile steadied my pulsing heart as a young girl growing up in the same village.  We had been great playmates.  Everyone in the village liked him; he was the goat herder for many of the older men’s flocks.  The early times were a pleasant haze, our families’ content with the match, until, one day I found blood on my petticoat.  Alarmed, I showed it to Rakesh, who then took me to his mother.  At the sight of the scarlet blood on my blue petticoat, her lips grew firm and a thoughtful look passed over her face. I thought she would be angry – I had only this one petticoat from my parents’ house. But she said nothing.
Stranger things happened.  The marriage ceremony followed shortly after my bleeding discovery, I was swept away from my family in a rush of ceremonies and guests.  Then, Rakesh and I, shoved together that night. The entire village crowded into the room with laughter and jokes. I sat on the floor and trembled as the men held dolls made in our likeness with a large banana protruding from the waist of the boy doll and stabbed it in my direction. Once they were gone, shooed out by the older women, we could still hear them on the other side of the curtain, but I smiled tentatively at him, relieved.  He motioned me to join him on the makeshift hay mattress, and I, eyes lowered, did. That night, for the first and last time, we lay together on our nuptial bed, my fourteen-year-old husband and I.

Coloured
 “Coloured” appeared in the special issue of Entertext: Interdisciplinary Journal of the Humanities, Brunel University of West London, 2012.

Ganesh walked in the intense Texas heat, wondering how on his first trip to America, the land of opportunity, he managed to miss the grand vistas of beaches and mountains shown on the BBC and instead only find dumpy cityscapes similar to the outskirts of Calcutta. The dry dust of Houston held little promise of fulfilling his desire to see the sparkling blue water of American beaches, warmer in the Gulf of Mexico than the frigid waters of the English Channel. No — locked by land, and doomed to boredom, he had one more night to suffer.
Ganesh had come to Houston with the address of the only person he knew on the North American continent, Simon O’ Shea — a childhood friend who wasn’t even American. Nor, as it turned out, was he here, in the country. Simon, in typical unpredictable fashion, was in Ireland on a holiday. 
“Look me up mate, if you ever leave this sorry rock,” Simon said as he tipped his hat to Ganesh,the last time he’d seen Simon, over two years ago, after the unlikely pair of mates graduated from Oxford. Bound for his next adventure, Simon left Ganesh standing on the train platform at Paddington Square, squinting against the fading sunlight. This was one of the first times since they were young boys at boarding school the two were separated. After breathing in the last of the train fumes, Ganesh loped home, ignoring the pitying gazes of the household, he went straight to his room.
Of course, once there, the next easiest thing was to pull her out.  His blunt fingernails searched for the discrete lip signaling the small compartment he’d carved in the rich sandalwood of the bed.  Finding it, he used his pinky nail; the one that drew unending looks of disgust from his mother, to pry it open. Inside the inches of space hid his secret treasure. He lifted her out, a cutting of the full size woman, his redhead. 
At first he’d been scandalized when Simon brought the magazines into his room, the pictures of fleshy naked women, hair of all different colors, their penetrating eyes meeting his own in the way an Indian woman never would, as if they knew the strange whirlpools swirling inside him. Simon laughed at his astounded expression and then the slow blush creeping up his light brown neck and over the tops of his ears. 
“Look, there’s heaps more to be had at home, mate. Heaps. Some even on the telly.” 
Simon snorted at Ganesh’s trembling hands, and pushed his friend’s shoulder with a meaty white palm, wiry hair sprouting from the knuckles, as his light blue eyes showed only merriment.
“Honestly mate, I know your parents have a girl picked out for you and everything, but before you settle down, they should let you go on a last ride. See the world. Taste the world.” 
Then Simon gave Ganesh a wink that tinged his face red.
Ganesh, unable to subdue the centuries old Brahmin blood running through his veins, couldn’t keep the entire magazine Simon insisted was a present. So he selected his favorite one, peeled her from between the slick pages, and placed her under his pillow at school. When time came to go home, guilt knocked loudly at the thought of his mother finding her, and so, apologetically, Ganesh separated his love from her considerable assets.
  Sweat trickling down the inside of his collar, Ganesh sighed. Swearing and women aside, Simon had been a prize to know in school. All alone in the world the minute his parents set sail for the return journey to India, Ganesh had been mercilessly teased by the boys at prep school. His soap, scented with the lightest of sandalwood, drew wrinkled noses from the other boys. Though Ganesh was a sure bet for a full meal on fish and chips night or kidney pie and liver, most other occasions he spent his time alone. Not until Simon’s arrival and companionship did Ganesh made it into the secret societies. 
“Let’s tie one on, old chap,” was Simon’s favorite line, whether they were in the midst of studying, or unnecessary boredom, as he called it. 
“Man wouldn’t survive on his own,” was another of Simon’s sayings, “without the power to tie ‘em on and forget the rest.”
“Let’s do tie one on,” Ganesh mutters to himself, glancing down either side of the street. Down to the left, a few slow moving men confirmed that Ganesh was not the only one affected by the heat.  Their worn shirts and faces weren’t unlike those in the John Wayne epics he would sneak out to while his parents thought he was at temple. The thing was he would go to the temple; after the stolen cinema, arriving in time for the priest to sprinkle holy water, smelling faintly of roses, on Ganesh’s bent head, contrite amidst the other worshippers.  He would receive the sacred ash mark, grey, and then the small red stripe with a contrite soul. His cupped palm accepted the prasad, the food blessed by Lakshmi, the Goddess of wealth and the temple’s patron deity, a blessing he later transferred to a small banana leaf to take to his mother. In this way Ganesh felt no conflict between going to the temple and making time for his John Wayne movies. As he knew from watching Simon’s juggling of daily Mass and equally regular visits to neighborhood pubs, a smart bloke knew how to manage his time.
At the moment, however, the temple, his mother, and their blessings were far away from what he was about to do. A good thing, since his mother would have been horrified at the thought of hundreds of years of Brahmin lineage riding his shoulders into a Texas bar.
He headed for the nearest bar, swinging the door open with one hand. He had wanted the swinging doors of the movies, but it appeared there were none to be found. So he did the next best thing— strode into this bar, holding this torso straight so as to emerge in a broad muscular expanse like the hero of a Wayne epic — but the door was heavier than expected, much sturdier  than the sandalwood exterior of his youth.  The dark wood of this particular saloon turned — how unexpected! — inward.  Ganesh crashed into it like a young cow. 
Why would they put a handle on something you have to push, he wonders, trying to ignore the fact his arrival into the bar was reminiscent of a Western, only he was playing the role of the gawking newcomer, rather than the debonair stranger. 
Nevertheless, entrance aside, he managed to get himself to a seat without further incident. 
He smiled to the left and right to reassure people that he was all right, but was met with unblinking flat-lipped stares. He found it unsettling, being the sole object of attention under these unflinching orbs of different colours. He wondered how John Wayne overcame the debilitating gazes. How could Ganesh draw life into the heavy stone that his heart had become? His nerve had sunk like a ten tonne dead weight to the bottom of his liver. Chin up, Ganesh reminded himself, chin up, swivel legs in, and order. You’ve seen this done a hundred times. He coughed into the stillness.
A sharp memory of Simon’s voice, crisp, cool, and mocking, helped him regain his bearings. “When you’re in a pub, the world over, you’re the boss.” Simon’s voice came from over his shoulders, poking into Ganesh’s hunched shoulders. 
The two were out of school for the winter holiday, ostensibly to visit Simon’s parents in Manchester, but they’d chosen to stay in their dormitory at university instead.  Simon’s parents, traveling on business, hadn’t bothered to inquire why he’d elected to stay, and Ganesh’s parents, holding implicit trust in their only son, had no reason to question his visit to his classmate’s home.  The two boys had full range of the empty hostel, save for the eldest proctor who kept to himself. A drunk, Simon cheerfully explained.  Simon, set on finishing out Ganesh’s “proper education”, included pub etiquette in the “syllabus” for the weekend.  
“I’ll have a gin and tonic,” Ganesh said, happy to hear firm tones rather than the quaking he felt in his vocal chords. The man behind the counter lifted an eyebrow. Ganesh began to doubt himself. Despite the room’s dank interior he felt himself go hot under his arms. Gin and tonic? Was that in fact what he meant? Was it a woman’s drink he’d just ordered? Brahma save me, he thought, ignoring the fact that his desire to drink American alcohol was the least likely of a Hindu god’s concerns. 
Ganesh felt the room contract around him.  What would Wayne do right now, he thought, seeing the watching group of men in the corner shifting their stance.
The man behind the counter said nothing, just flicked a small towel at the bar top where Ganesh was resting his arm. Ganesh blinked. 
“I beg your pardon?” this time he heard the dreaded squeak. There were guffaws around the room. I’ve turned into my namesake, he thought. Ganesh — half man, half elephant. Why won’t this man serve me? Ganesh looked across the counter into the bar mirror, half expecting to see an elephant head in place of the top half of his reflection. No, instead all that stared back at him were his own brown eyes, and, he realized, the eyes of everyone else in the room.
 He wished the stone that had been his heart, now hiding in his liver, would stop beating so he could fall down dead. 
Somehow she appeared —there was no other way to say it — she appeared at his elbow, and her hip perched on the lip of the counter, skirts full and blue. A blue so sharp it hurt his eyes, encasing a slim but flared waist traveling up to so much exposed white flesh, Ganesh felt a different kind of heat tingle his earlobes. 
“There ain’t anything here for the likes of you, coloured,” Ganesh heard someone mutter as he admired piles and piles of rich, red hair.  
Never in real life had he seen red hair.
The flick of the cleaning towel in his face broke Ganesh’s line of vision just as he caught sight of two large blue eyes. They reminded him of the Queen’s commissioned coronation crown, with sapphires rumoured to be the size of robin’s eggs. 
“Coloured?” Ganesh echoed, and then sat up with a start. 
Something in his mind, something that resisted the pull of the liquid blue he was dissolving into, was working. Grandfather’s stories of rough treatment at the hands of the British; when he couldn’t ride in the same train car as the whites, when he couldn’t apply to be a civil servant because all those jobs went to the colonials.  A world he’d never had to experience— walking on a certain side of the street, not being allowed to travel, an Indian subject to the British crown, his family managing estates and never owning them.  These legacies from another era tingled at the back of his neck. 
Ganesh laughed, knowing the reason for the strange silence since the moment he’d walked into this establishment.
“I’m not coloured, I’m English!” 
His proclamation, his brisk tone, elicited no change in his observers. 
“English?” the woman was the first to ask. He tilted his head toward her, imagining raising her hand to his lips, the back of her palm cool and fresh against the dryness of his mouth. Under her full attention, he could only nod.
“You from England then?” 
“I moved there for university,” he said, feeling the inside of his palm itch. The palm knew what lay underneath those layers of cobalt blue skirt. Knew the shape, colour, and sweetness of it sitting only six inches away. “From India,” the last rushed out in a sigh.
“What’s it like?” She asked, the rims of her pupils expanding so that blue encroached on black.
“England? Or India?” He imagined her draped in a Bernassi sari, gold, purple and pink, soft silk rustling against her skin. Red was even more vibrant when not printed on paper.
“Either,” she said. Was it his imagination or was she leaning her torso towards him?
“Indian. That’s the same as coloured to me,” the bartender’s voice rumbled into Ganesh. 
The red haired beauty at his side pouted.
“Now Jack, you stop it. This here’s a man living in England. He’s our guest. It’s an honour, sir,” she said flipping her arm at the elbow and presenting her hand to Ganesh in a flourish. He was so close to her he could see slight marks around her wrist, little puckers as if she’d been tied up. 
Ganesh reached for her hand with its slender fingers fluttering in front of his parted lips. 
“Touch her and you’ll die, dirty nigger,” the man —  Jack evidently —  was closer now, edging into Ganesh’s eardrum. He saw the watching group on the move; they seeped toward him, eyes hooded.
“Jack!” she protested but let her hand drop to the counter. She glanced down at Ganesh and this time there was no mistaking the fact. She was inclining her head forward, as if she were tossing her hair over the crown of her head. It was a slight motion but Ganesh thought he saw purpose in those firm pupils.
 She swung her crossed legs in a wide arc, and was down off the bar in a rustle of fabric. Underneath the sound of taffeta moving she hissed entreatingly, “Get out of here.” 
For a second he blinked, not sure if he heard the actual words or his mind was putting words into the fabric. She jostled his elbow as she swept past him and cut her eyes past his shoulder toward the door so that this time there was no mistaking the message. She was telling him to leave.
“Now Melba, don’t get in stuff you don’t understand,” Jack, who turned out to be a rather large man, said, as Ganesh stumbled down from his stool.  His shoulders were massive, made for pulling the ox cart. Large club-like hands, unsuited for mixing drinks, hung at his thick waist. 
I’m done for, Ganesh thought, knowing Simon’s duck and weave boxing instructions were pathetically moot, as he watched a human semicircle form between him and the door.
“Jack, sweetie, you don’t want to harm this man, who’s our guest, now do you?” 
“Melba, I’m warning you. I saw him. He was about to touch you.”
“Touch a white woman, that’s all they wants. And who knows what would have happened next.”
“I think I seen him last night, hanging around the fire escape, waiting to break into one of my girls’ rooms.”
There was a collective growl at this declaration and Ganesh felt lightheaded. Trapped in a pub, defenseless, threatened because of a misunderstanding – this was the fate of his karma, for being a disobedient son and loose Brahmin. 
“Oh, y’all stop it now. Why, I’ve never seen him before in my life,” she, whose name was Melba, laughed, full of rolling musical tones.
“Naw, it was him alright. Greasy bastards, reaching above their place. Try our women? Not in this life.”
“You heard they had a nigger over in Johnson County actually rape a woman.” 
“Paul Hilbarn’s wife. Whoever that coon was, he touched a man’s wife, you believe it?”
This time the grumbling was accompanied by hands rubbing across mouths and pant legs.
“You can’t teach ‘em. Nothin’ can teach these bastards.”
“Nothin’ but a good beating. All coons need that once in a while. To remind ‘em of their place.”
“Or a good lynching,” the meat cleaver said, spitting on the ground.
 Ganesh’s blood ran cold and he felt an irresistible urge to relieve himself. 
“Lynching?” Melba laughed again, this time twirling out into the center of the room, filling up the space between Ganesh and the men with the shifting flares of her skirt.  
“Don’t you boys have enough to do? Bored with me already?” she pouted, a fat red lip lolling toward her chin, her shoulders moving, flexing, showing off all her rounded places.
“Melba, you move out the way,” an older man said, rubbing his knuckles together, over his worn blue jeans. His long sleeve shirt had obviously seen better days before a few missing buttons had been replaced with safety pins.
“This here is men’s business. You get upstairs until somebody’s ready for you.” His hair was thinning so even the dim bar light reflected on his shiny forehead.
“Hugh’s right, Miss Melba, you’re new here, so you don’t quite know the way of things. The men do the picking, you see? Not the girls,” Jack said.
 “You know once we’re done here with the coon, we’ll explain everything to you, right proper,” the older, worn looking man— Hugh — said.
Melba’s mouth turned down into a frown and she shook her skirts and stomped a heeled foot against the wood floor so that it rang out. 
“Well, I guess tonight’s not the night after all.” 
She made like she would flounce back toward Ganesh.
“Night for what?” Hugh asked. She glanced over her shoulder but then turned around, and shook her head. 
“Night for what?” 
She had her hands winding through her hair, braiding it, which was promising. She flashed a smile and cocked her head to one side. 
“I know times are tight boys,” she said, fingers raking through her long locks. “I know those wells aren’t easy to find and many of you are a bit light in the pockets.”
“Melba,” Jack said, his voice sounding feral, a cat searching for its prey. 
“Tonight I’m feeling a teensy bit wild,” Melba said. 
“Maybe like I could do my routine, right here on the bar, like I used to do, before the country tightened up its rules on us dancing girls,” she pouted. 
 Several men, Hugh and Jack in front, moved forward, but not toward him, Ganesh realized. 
Toward the white, white shoulders in front of him. The shoulders and torso rising out the taffeta dress, more flesh emerging by the second.
“One condition.” 
They were staring transfixed, Ganesh included, as the ivory fingers roamed down the length of her waist to flip up the edges of her skirt. He could see the back curve of her leg, and was shocked to see patterned black stockings criss-crossing up her legs but stopping at her thigh.  
The stillness of the moment surrounded the rolling of those long, long tresses until they came to rest on top of her head. Now everywhere the eye looked there was white, white. 
“One condition,” she repeated. Her hands paused at the front laces of her gown.
They took a collective swallow. 
“You let him go.” 
All of sudden, the energy in the room snapped back to Ganesh. Across a perfectly rounded valley lay his escape. And suddenly the world outside the pub was the last thing on his mind.
“Nigger lover,” Hugh hissed. The words exploded in the small bar. Hugh— surprisingly meaty for his age — lunged forward to grab Melba. She screamed and halted mid-strip routine as Jack and a few others began to close in around her. 
Ganesh froze, even though he may have gotten out undetected. They were about to desecrate his love before his eyes. He counted their number. 
Ten. 
Ganesh stepped forward. 
Melba retreated until she bumped his chest. She whirled, spinning to face him, but instead of relief in her eyes, he saw panic.
“Idiot,” she hissed, this time without affection. 
Idiot?  But he was going to give his life to save her.
“Run,” she screamed, shoving him forward. Ganesh looked down and saw blood where she had so recently stood.  Then she bolted past him toward the door, but Jack grabbed her by the hair and jerked her to the floor. 
The last vision he had of his love, before feeling the cool night air, was of her brilliant hair fanned around her, spreading around her, on the floor. Red was the color he saw as he ran. Red, red, red; the night was still and dark before him, a deep black.And the moon was an ivory almond barely hanging in the sky. 

Food

Chandani fingered the keyboard in her cubicle.  It was almost an hour before lunch and yet her apprehension was growing.  She knew that the time was drawing near for her to go to the big, white refrigerator and pull out her mother’s large Kmart bag-wrapped package, stick the Tupperware it concealed in the microwave, and then the wait began.  Afterward came the long trek back to her cubicle, hoping no one saw her.  It was a harrowing experience, one she dreaded every day.  
“Hey Candi, do you want to go out to lunch? Baskin Robbins?”  Robin Wilson poked her head around the divider, green eyes amplified by bright green eye shadow.  
“Um, no thanks. I’ve got some work to finish up. I’ll be faster eating and working here.” Chandani gestured at her computer, which at the moment was betraying her by displaying an empty in-box.  Robin shrugged and then slid back into her section.  Chandani sighed in relief.  She had only been working here a month and yet every invitation threatened to uncover her secret.  It really was unnerving!
For the next hour she grappled with the computer’s envelope and mailing labels program, trying to make sense of how to get the image on the screen to match up with the position of the ivory labels.  She was on her way to the printer for the third time when Robin waved on her way out the door.  Trailing behind her was the whole office.  They issued a chorus of “See ya, Candi”, “Don’t work too hard, Candi.” 
Chandani sighed, pushed her hair off her forehead, and picked up the label sheet.  This time the labels had printed in the right direction – only on the backside of the paper, missing the labels completely.  Noon. That meant she had exactly one hour in which to heat up her food, eat it, and then attempt to destroy the evidence and smell before anyone came back.  
She better get started.  Ever the perfectionist, she slid the backward labels into the recycling bin instead of printing on the other side. After lunch, she’d start again. Chandani crept toward the fridge.  It was situated in the middle of the office, right next to the cabinet housing the coffee machine – really the most awkward place imaginable.  And obvious. How obvious!   
As her hand gripped the black handle, she fought the urge to glance over her shoulder.  She grimaced in disgust at the mold in the creases of the plastic shelves.  No one else kept their lunch here; the cafeteria downstairs was the social hangout for marketing and sales. There sat her mother’s package, its familiar shape following her from elementary school onward.  She pulled it out, and shut the door.  At least it was quiet. Chandani quickly worked open the knot her mother made of the bag’s handles and pulled out two Tupperware containers.  White rice and chicken curry.  She made a face at the eggplant nestled inside the first, clumped together, the purplish skin resisting the bulk of surrounding rice.  Eggplant. Who eats eggplant but people like me who still live at home? 
Chandani moved to the microwave, which was crowded next to the coffee machine, balled up the bag and put it into her pocket.  Soon it would join the others in her bottom desk drawer.  She placed both pieces of Tupperware inside the microwave, taking off the lids, and carefully laying pieces of Kleenex over them to avoid any splashes.  Two minutes, and then the microwave sent its shriek throughout the silent office: I’ve got smelly Indian food in here! It’s ready!
She swung the door shut with her elbow and headed to her desk. 
“Hey – is that curry?” 
She was face to face with a man, both hands full of her mother’s curry, the smell drifting between them.  A tall man.
“Yes.” 
Caught. 
She met his gaze. What was there to do now but bear the brunt of it? At least this time it had been a month before she had been discovered.
“You make that?”
“No, not exactly.” She looked at him again. He was broad-shouldered with a trim waist.  No lingering beers there.  She racked her brain to think of who he might be.
“Oh.” 
Did he seem disappointed?
“My mother did.” 
Chandani found her hands could grip the dishes now, and she transferred their weight to rest in her palms, her small hands barely able to span their widths. 
“Sorry if the smell bothers you.” 
She shifted on her feet.  This was the awkward moment she had learned to hate. 
“Smell? I think it smells great. All I’ve got to eat is this from Subway.  Not homemade.” 
He raised a plastic bag in his left hand and swung it.
 “I love Subway,” catching the plastic bag as it twirled in his hand.
“Want to trade?” 
She looked at him.
“I mean — if you’d rather eat Subway — it’s a cold cut trio with Sun chips—  then I’d love to have some rice and curry.” She thought she saw seriousness in the blue of his eyes. 
“Well. Sure…  But this has eggplant in it.”
“Eggplant? Never had it – but I bet its good with rice.” 
He stuck out his hand, waiting, she realized, for her to transfer her mother’s eggplant and chicken curry.  He was absolving her of this responsibility – he didn’t even think it smelled. 
She placed the eggplant and rice in his outstretched palm and grasped the plastic, which he offered her with a smile.  She then turned over the chicken curry, before she let herself think of the weird reasons he might be doing this. 
“I’m J.P by the way. My temporary office is over there.  I’m taking over Halverson’s.” 
“It’s nice to meet you…”
“You too.” 
She blinked at him.  He didn’t even have a tie on.  How could this be the interim head? He was still standing there, her mother’s containers cradled firmly in his large palms.  He was still smiling. 
She was silent.
“Well, thanks for the food. I’ll be here all month if you decide you want to trade again.” He lifted his hands toward her and smiled, the skin around his eyes crinkling.  She walked past him, feeling his eyes on her until she reached her cubicle.  Chandani fought the urge to dive into her chair.  Next she wanted to sling the sub onto her desk like a prize.  A full stomach was a good thing.   
***
The next morning she found her mother’s two containers, washed and neatly stacked on her desk.  On top was a rectangular piece of paper, with italics that swirled, from the desk of Jason Patrick.  There was a message, printed in large black block letters.
Thanks for lunch.
And then two neat initials,
J.P.
She peeked over her shoulder, suppressing a smile.  Yesterday she had been a little worried that the chance lunch encounter had thrown her schedule off, but she was able to destroy the evidence of the sub as quickly as her usual.  What if she could get rid of it again today?  How would she find him?
She flipped open her planner to see meetings scheduled for most of the morning.  This was the way it was around the mid-spring slump.  Slow business meant long periods of training. 
***
“These are our figures from last season.  Take note that each store with a loyal clientele remains roughly unaffected by the slump.”  Edward Taylor – marketing genius, public speaking incompetent.  Another irony of the universe.  Chandani rocked her foot beneath the table to stay awake. 
“Lunch?” Robin scrawled onto the edge of her legal pad in bright pink ink.  Chandani shook her head and wrote “Errands.”  Robin drew a face with crossed eyes.  They were the newest members of the department, both hired on the recommendations of a former employer and friend of the boss.  Chandani had worked with Robin at the last firm, and had been subject to her friendliness and distaste for odors.  
“Okay, so if no one has any questions, we’re done. Time for lunch!”  Edward’s monotonous voice didn’t even raise for the pronouncement they were all waiting for.
Arms pushed back from the table, stretching the kinks out of their backs and knees.  Chandani gripped her legal pad and pen and walked to the elevator where chatter swirled around her.  She was the only one to get off on her floor; the rest of the occupants were headed downstairs – today the main course in the café was made-to-your-liking stir-fry.  Hmm.  
Stopping by her cubicle she tossed the legal pad onto a corner of the desk and sat down.  Twenty-two messages in her in-box – nineteen of them forwarded by her mother, originally messages from relatives at home.  She ignored all but the one ‘URGENT’ from her cousin, Rohini.  It had been written at 2:30 a.m.  

Chandani-
I’m getting married! It’s time, everyone says, I’m almost twenty-three years old and finished with school.  I haven’t met him yet, but tomorrow night we are supposed to be introduced. Keep your fingers crossed. 
Yours, 
 Rohini

She put both elbows on the table so they framed the keyboard and stared at the gray fabric wall of her cubicle.  Married. Rhohini.  Her cousin was five years younger than she and Chandani knew that this news had already reached her mother through a time-delayed international call – probably just before or after her cousin had typed her message. 
 Chandani had grown up with the clamor of the phone ringing at all hours of the day or night.  When she had been little, and they all lived in a one-bedroom apartment, she remembered falling asleep and awaking to the sound of her father’s voice, shouting, just to be heard over the crackles of the poor connection.  Now that they lived in a two-story house, these nocturnal interruptions did not disturb her sleep.  Ever since she hit high school, her parents had given up on waking her for her perfunctory hellos and goodbyes.  It was all she knew how to say in Tamil and listening to her relatives’ broken English was hard on all of them.  
Now Rohini was getting married. Because it was time.  She hit reply and typed back a quick note of congratulations.  Rohini who had studied here until high school and then been shipped home in order to be protected during her formative years.  Rohini who had wanted to stay to attend University.  Well, they got to her.  But Chandani’s parents knew the limits with their own daughter. She had told them that she would continue to live with them as they wished – plus it was cheaper.  All other details of her life were up to her. Rohini was searching for her roots. Chandani definitely did not think marriage was the way to find them.
Noon.  She glanced at the clock on the computer and felt her stomach rumble.  She swiveled in chair, rose and made the trek to the refrigerator.  There it was, waiting for her, faithful as the rising of the sun.  Today mother had enclosed her concoction in a dull blue Wal-mart bag.  
Potatoes, rice, and lamb. Chandani placed the containers in the microwave and thought of Saturday afternoons.  She would come home from the gym, sweating and tired, to find her mother in the kitchen.  Pots on every burner, the rice cooker sending up its smoke signal, the cutting board littered with fragments of onions, tomatoes, green and red chilies.  And her mom, standing at the center directing it all – no recipe book in sight.  It was because of these Saturdays that Chandani didn’t have the heart to tell her mother her feelings about lunch time, regardless of her officemates’ dislike of the parceled aromas.  
Beep, beep, beep.  The microwave let out its intermittent call.  Well, no trade today, she reflected, carrying her lunch back toward her cubicle.  Oh, just as well.  Potatoes were somewhat enjoyable. She pulled out a plastic spoon from inside her desk and began to swirl the vegetable and rice together before tilting the lamb so curry settled on top of the rice.  She set down her spoon and then dove in with her fingers.  
She found slight comfort in the feel of rice against the tips of her fingers, the ritual of eating preserved throughout her family.  Rhohini was lost now forever.   
“Looks like you’ve started without me,” said a voice behind her. 
Chandani tensed.  What was she going to do? Caught with her hand immersed in rice, chili powder peppering the air. 
“I got a pizza today – the line in Subway was too long.” J.P. strode in, a large cardboard box in his hands.  Today there was a sliver tie dangling from his coat pocket.  His open collar revealed firm white skin.  She blinked.
“I hope I’m not interrupting?” He stood there, box in hand, feet placed evenly beneath him, looking for the entire world like he belonged in her eight by eight cubicle.  
“No. No. You just startled me,” she said trying to regain her composure.  Was she going to gape at him forever?
“Would you like to sit down?” She offered, reaching for the stack of napkins in her top drawer with her clean hand.  
“Let me get a chair.” He put the pizza on the top of her filing cabinet and disappeared while she frantically wiped all traces of rice and potatoes from her right hand. 
“Here we go.” He wheeled in Robin’s chair and sat down easily, as if they had been friends for a long time.  She moved her chair until it was against the opposite wall, increasing the distance.  Her lips pressed together in a shaky smile.  The napkins were marked with yellow turmeric stains, crumpled in the trashcan directly next to him.  
“Well, I got one half cheese, the other half pepperoni, just in case I couldn’t find you, and just in case you didn’t like one.” He pulled the pizza box into his lap with one long arm and opened the cover to show her.  She nodded.
“I’ve got potatoes, lamb and rice.  But I already touched the potatoes.  We sometimes eat with our hands.”  It sounded gross even to her ears.
“How do you think we eat pizza?”  His feet pulled at the carpet until he was at the desk and laid the pizza box next to her food.  
“Trade?” 
“Okay.” 
They each made for their preferences, knees bumping with proximity.  He laughed.  Her laugh sounded like she was strangling. 
“Listen, if I’m invading here, I should apologize.”  He hovered over the desk; her eyes avoiding his as she retreated back toward the wall. 
“No, no.”
 She shifted two pizza slices in the napkin so a free hand could ruffle her bangs.
 “I’ve just never met anyone who likes Indian food before.  I don’t even like it.”
His look was incredulous. 
“I mean, besides my family.” 
He picked up the rice and potatoes and pilfered a napkin from her open drawer before wheeling back to the file cabinet.  
“Well, I like Indian food.” She watched his hand creep into the rice.
“I have spoons.” She began toward the desk.
“No, its fine. I want to try this.” He waved her off and continued eating.  
“Am I doing this right?” 
She shook her head and laughed. His palm was coated with rice; rice was clinging to his shirt cuff.
“You’re only supposed to use your fingers, not your whole hand.  Nothing is supposed to touch beyond the pads of your fingers.” She motioned, waving hers and then pretended to scoop rice from the top of the pizza.
He watched her and then tried only to have rice slipping through his fingers.  She laughed.  She watched him balance the container on his legs and then try with his left hand.  She shook her head when he peered at her. 
“It takes practice.  And you’re supposed to use only your right hand.”
“One hand?”
“Well, in India, the left hand is used for other things.” 
He met her guarded look with curiosity.  Not disgust or confusion, just inquisition.
“You know, no indoor plumbing, no toilet paper…” she chewed a mouthful of pizza.  She loved pizza, always begged her mom to order it when dad was away on business trips.  She won most of the time.
  “You just use your hand?” His eyebrows rose and they looked at the culprit.  
She nodded.
“Well, I guess you’d get a little more than you bargain for!” They laughed, as he wheeled back to her desk and used a napkin to clean his hands.  
Having finished one and a half pieces of pizza, she paused for air.
“Are you ever going to tell me your name?” 
She recalled her stupefaction yesterday in front of the microwave.
“Yes. I’m sorry about yesterday. I was startled.”  
She laughed and resumed eating.
“So?”
“So, what?”  She asked around the last mouthful.
“So, what’s your name?” 
She laughed, this time choking on her pizza.  He watched her wave him off, and pat herself on the chest until the choking subsided. 
“It’s Chandani.”  
“Sandany?”
She shook her head.
“Oh, how bad was that? You’re rolling your eyes!”
She clapped a hand over her mouth; her mother was right, she did it so often she didn’t know when she was doing it. She was mortified that she had offended him.  But, he laughed at himself. 
“Help me out.”  
“Chandani. Like, Shawn-Dan-Knee.” 
She pointed at her knee. 
They looked at where her smooth brown skin was revealed by the ending of her skirt.  At the top of her leg.  She was glad for the calf machine. 
“Shawn-Dan-Knee,” he repeated.  “That’s pretty.”
She swallowed and folded her napkin into little squares.  
“Do you want a drink? I’m going to the soda machine.” 
She rose and tossed the napkin onto her seat. 
“Sure, Coke?” 
He was digging in his pockets eliciting the tinkling sounds of loose change and then handed her fifty cents.  
“It’s a dollar,” she informed him, eyes sparkling. 
“A dollar! That’s a rip off!” 
He dug deeper, and pulled out two more quarters.
“You should hear what everyone else has to say about it.” 
She took his change and pulled out a crisp bill from her purse hanging on the back of her chair.  
“Be right back.” 
She strode to the elevator, pushed the button, and waited.  She rode to the floor with all the copiers, six stories up, and found the banks of soda machines, their surfaces gleaming under the fluorescent lights.  Two Cokes in hand, she walked back to the elevator.  This time when she pushed the button, a full elevator of executives greeted her.  The noisy lunch crowd emptied out around her and she stood to the side.  
What was she going to do?  She looked at her watch and realized that somehow it was already five to one.  Everyone in the office would be coming back and there she would be, food strewn everywhere, no place to hide.  
She chewed her lip on the way down and hesitated when the door opened onto her floor.  How was she going to explain J.P. and the pizza?  Chandani walked to her cubicle, dreading every opening along the way.  She would give him the Coke and then hurry him along.  Sometimes they were late.
“I’m almost finished, and I think I got the hang of this.”  He showed her the near empty box of rice and then turned up his palm with one mere grain of offending rice.  
She smiled weakly and handed him his drink.  
“My lunch break is almost over.”
 She saw the smile across his face carefully close. 
“You’re welcome to take it,” she offered, watching him wipe his hand with another napkin.  
“No that’s fine. I’ll just drink this.  Thank you for lunch.  And for the tip.” 
He was a whirl of movement, throwing away the napkin, putting the lid back onto the box, and setting the box back on her desk.  He opened his can, and gulped half of it while hers just dangled from her hand, the cool aluminum beading in the warmth of the office.
I’ve hurt his feelings, she realized with astonishment.  
“Candi – what’s that smell?” 
Robin was back, coming into her cubicle. Entranced with her discovery, she hadn’t even heard the elevator.
“Candi?”  
“Oh. I’m sorry.  Hello, Mr. Thomas.” 
Robin was all eyes, shifting from Chandani to J.P. back to Chandani, finally lighting on the pizza box and Tupperware on her desk.
“Working lunch?”
“Yes.” she murmured as J.P. finished his Coke and then crumpled it before tossing it into the trashcan.  
“I really enjoyed your presentation on customer service,” she heard Robin gush as she put her Coke down on the desk and then closed the lid to the pizza.
“Thank you. And you are?” 
For the first time she heard a change in his voice, stiff, formal, unlike the open manner he had used with her.
“Robin.  Robin Summers. Sir.” 
Chandani turned around to see Robin sticking out her hand and J.P. grasping it firmly in his. 
“Please, call me J.P.” 
Robin was glowing.
“Here’s your pizza.” 
Chandani jabbed the box at him, hitting him in the back.  J.P.’s head jerked toward her.
“Thought you might want the rest later.  Since you didn’t want the lamb.” 
She released the box into his hand, feeling a little better to have Robin’s eyes away from him.  
“Keep it. I’ll take the lamb curry though.” Was he challenging her?
“Curry? You’re still eating that curry, Candi? I thought you said your mom knew you didn’t like it. It smells up the whole office.” 
Was Robin never going to go away?
“It’s a long story,” she murmured, wishing the ceiling would cave in and flatten her cubicle.  
“I love curry,” J.P. said turning back to Robin, a note of challenge in his voice.  
Chandani suppressed a smile at Robin’s rounded eyes and picked up the Tupperware to hand to J.P.
“He eats it like a pro,” she said as they exchanged boxes.  
He met her eyes for the first time since her return from the soda machine.  Chandani smiled at Robin’s speechless amazement.  
“See you tomorrow?” he asked, aware of Robin’s listening ears.  Chandani nodded hesitantly and then more firmly.  
“Bring a supreme pizza,” she whispered with a wink.  He winked back and then excused himself around an immobile Robin, and left. 
“What was that all about?” Robin asked flopping into J.P.’s vacated chair.  
“He just wanted to talk about….”  Chandani was casting around for something to say while she busied herself closing the desk drawer with the napkins, pulling her keyboard from where it rested on top of her monitor.
“Candi, how could you talk about anything? He is so HOT!” 
Robin’s head fell back on the chair, her eyelashes fluttering.
“Well...” Chandani hedged, brushing imaginary dust particles from her keys.
“I mean seriously – and how could you eat? Don’t you know guys don’t like girls that eat a lot? How much pizza did you have? Do you think he wants you?”  
Robin was looking concerned now, her gaze darting to the pizza box.
“It was fine, Robin. I mean it wasn’t like that.”
“Like what?” 
Chandani sighed.  She rested her hands on her desk before one lifted to stroke her forehead underneath her bangs.
“I mean it wasn’t like that. It was about food.”
“Food?” Robin looked at her disbelievingly.  
“Yeah, food.  He likes Indian food.” 
Chandani wondered if she had accidentally slipped into some forgotten childhood Tamil.  Robin wasn’t getting it.
“Candi, what are you talking about? Food?  A man doesn’t –”
“Hey Chandani – could you ask your mother for more potatoes?  Those were unbelievable and much better than eggplant.” J.P.’s head emerged over the partition, just inches above Robin’s.  She met his gaze, over Robin’s dropped jaw.  
“Sure.  Potatoes are my favorite.  I’m sure my mom’s got tons in the freezer.” 
J.P. nodded and then winked at her before disappearing.  
“Sandany? Where’d he learn to say that?”
 Robin was going to be endless in her questions.  
But Chandani ignored her.  

Baby
“Baby” was published in the online literary magazine Szirine Fall 2004.

Hema walked briskly, almost at a half run, loping around the track. She couldn’t believe how much space there was here – so much space for her to drown herself in.  She loved it. Basked in it.  Being alone on the track didn’t bother her – indeed she looked forward to these stolen moments at lunch.  Instead of eating she would take off, run towards the track, the bottom half of her pantsuit exchanged for flowing cotton pants.  Summer on the East coast was not arid like the heat of Calcutta.  By the time her legs, unaccustomed to pantyhose and sneakers, hit the asphalt of the track, she was sweating.
The dark circles under her arms and forming around her neck would later disappear when she exchanged this twin set for a fresh one. For now, however, nothing mattered but her and the silence.  She tried to imagine the vastness inside her, tried to compare it to the circle of the track.  She wanted to picture her lining inside, red, soft and cushiony, waiting to nourish their baby.  The image was fuzzy in her head because she kept getting distracted by the doctor’s voice, “Keep trying, and keep trying.  There’s nothing wrong with either of you, you’re both perfectly healthy.” Hema had wanted to slap his smug face.  He had beamed at them from behind a desk cluttered with pictures of a chubby boy with a toothless grin and a dimply girl in a  bathing suit.  They were in various poses, sometimes with a woman, sometimes on their own smiling into the camera.  Each picture was in its own frame, six in all.  The images of their pale white skin haunted Hema’s sleep.
Her legs drove her onwards; she pumped her hands as she had seen the elderly women in her neighborhood do every evening immediately after dinnertime.  She could feel the cotton rubbing slightly across her hips, chafing with the rotating movement of her thighs.  The shell of her twin set hung directly below her navel and she fought the urge to feel for her bellybutton.  She was fascinated by this hole.  Its emptiness was evidence of her lifelong debt to her mother.  She tried to imagine a cord stretching from between her legs to the center of a squalling, blood-covered infant.  She couldn’t. 
She was circling around the track a second time when she discarded the cardigan, looping it over her shoulders as she had seen in the shops.  She fussed with its sleeves and arranged them so that they formed a neat knot in the center, between her chin and chest, lying in the hollow of her neck.  And she continued walking.  Would I hear a baby inside me, she wondered.  How long before it began kicking would I know it was there?
She tried to avoid the calendar.  Unable to deal with the mounting tension and crushing disappointments, she no longer religiously kept up with her schedule.  Hema met the sight of blood every month with stifled sobs while Vikram slept.  She could never meet his hopeful gazes those mornings and always lingered in the shower, leaving him to prepare his own breakfast.  Although, this month she had yet to see it.  Maybe it would be this month. 
Walking was better than running, her doctor had advised her.  Staying healthy was the number one priority.  Healthiness would lead to more follicles; more follicles meant more fertility.  And more fertility might mean pregnancy which would secure peace from his family’s relentless questions. So she found herself outside, every week, even when it rained, folded tight into her raincoat, doing what she could to alter her objectionable barrenness.
Hema checked her watch; only twenty more minutes to go.  She sighed at a bird flying overhead, heading into the cool forest surrounding the track.  It was nice to be sheltered from the sights and sounds of the office park by this screen of oaks and myrtles.  Nice to have the space to use for things that were pleasing to the eye rather than pure function. 
This sense of aesthetic was a foreign one to Hema, but one that she was readily adopting.  After her visit to an officemate’s home, she had promptly returned and discarded all the boxes Vikram had been storing up in the hallway.  He wanted them for the next move and, lacking storage space, decided to place them in the only available space, the hallway.  Hema threw them out while Vikram was working  one Saturday.  After he left early in the morning she gathered her resolve and set to work.  She split the adhesive neatly with a butter knife, folding cardboard until there were two big stacks. Both were higher than her head when she placed them at the end of the curb.  The garbage truck came; right on schedule, and then they were gone.  When Vikram returned, dumbfounded, she explained that if he wanted to be in India, living amidst rubbish, he could move back.  He didn’t talk to her for two days. She trembled, waiting for him to display an uncontrollable temper.  Her male relatives were always just a breath away from rattling the teeth in the nearest woman’s head.  But he hadn’t.  Vikram’s anger was silent and unsustainable.  He forgave her as soon as she made his favorite lamb curry.  
She smiled at the marigolds and tulips planted in the grassy center of the track.  Beauty was here everywhere; people paid for it, lavishly.  Even silly places, like the track at an office park, held beauty that space and money could provide.  She loved it here. 
Her ring was growing loose under the increasing clamminess of her hands.  It had been given to her to commemorate Vasantha’s son’s birth. Her sister had laughingly demanded a necklace from Hema upon the birth of her first child.  That was before.  Now that it had been two years, and veiled threats were whispered at family functions, no one joked about her first child.  Hema twisted the ring back toward the base of her finger. 
“She has definitely taken to the American way,” Vikram said, as they drove away from her sister’s townhouse.  Hema had been silent; she knew he detested Vasantha’s gifts and parties.  
“You two are so different,” he muttered, later in bed.
Hema shook her head. She rounded the curve, the tendons in her hips straining as she continued to push forward.  How much weight would I gain? Would I show like a calving cow? She was prevented from knowing these things, having been in India during Vasantha’s pregnancy.  Shame kept her from asking. 
She was entering the last straightway of her journey.  The tension between Vikram and Vasantha had started instantaneously after their move.  The two months in Vasantha’s house had been hard on him; Vikram was unaccustomed to her “brash” ways.  That Vasantha had divorced her husband of six years hadn’t really helped matters either.  But Hema knew that without her sister’s sponsorship, they would never have been able to come to America.  Her long braid swished along her back, its tightness not loosened by her exertions.  She longed for a reason to cut it.  She yearned for the stylish bob of a new mother – the only acceptable reason for losing womanish length. She would bemoan her lack of time for personal grooming to Vikram and he would let her cut it. 
Hema sighed and wiped away the sweat above her lip.  Vikram worried about the failure of the baby to materialize.  His own brother waited only six months before news of their first child.  And Vasantha was so fertile she reaped within the first year.  For Hema and Vikram, eighteen months of trying and waiting seemed equivalent to being doomed to infertility. 
Ajit.  Vasantha’s son.  Hema’s mouth softened.  At seven he was the star of their small family, his every achievement eliciting praise.  Ajit was everything to them. The first male child in Hema’s family since her father, and the only grandchild.  With the addition of a cousin for Ajit, Hema knew everyone would be satisfied.  
She was startled out of her thoughts when the bird flying overhead emitted a sharp squawk. 
“Is someone coming to my house, Mr. Crow?” Hema asked.  Mother always said that the black messengers knew more about humans than humans themselves.  It was Friday and Vikram didn’t like to have visitors on Fridays. 
“Not tonight, Mr. Crow, but maybe tomorrow.” Hema sighed again thinking of her mother.  Mother had not been to America and sworn she would only come to help her daughters if they were in need. Hema knew this meant if one of them were pregnant. Vasantha had Ajit at home, and wasn’t likely to remarry any time soon despite Vikram’s protestations otherwise. Hema knew it would have to be for her child that her mother braved the transatlantic flight.  She watched the crow flying away, still squawking, loud. Maybe he intended his message for someone else. 
Just below where the crow disappeared, Hema saw the faintest trace of a figure.  She squinted in the bright sun.  Usually no one else was around during her time.  She specifically chose her time so that she could walk without the weight of social chatter that slowed people to a crawl. 
As she continued, Hema realized the figure was a man, standing almost at the very end of the track.  She kept advancing.  Here it was okay to be among different genders. It was a fact that had startled her the first time a male co-worker offered to drive her to the office Christmas party.  Christmas had been a difficult enough thing to manage; but this intermingling was astounding.  Later, when she told Vasantha, Hema puzzled over her sister’s reaction.  
“Hema! He was only being polite.  He knows you are new to the area!” Vasantha laughed all over again at the blank look on her sister’s face.
“But Vasantha, Jeffrey is married,” she said. 
“Hema, in America it is okay to be among men.  They don’t all think you are loose, you know.  You don’t have to sit on your own side of the bus or the classroom here.  They all mix freely. They start young.” Vasantha managed to wipe tears from her eyes and pat her sister’s shoulder.  Sometimes Hema forgot Vasantha was the same girl she had slept next to for most of her life. 
“Well. I knew they showed that in the movies.  I just didn’t know it was okay for normal people to do.”
Hema smiled again.  It was funny to her now, eight months later. She was almost finished, her shins aching.  She was closer now, could see that the man’s profile faced her, but a bit turned away.  He was standing in the middle of the track, almost in her direct pathway, head cocked like he was talking on the phone.  There was enough distance to adjust her movement. She shifted over to the left.  He wore a grey suit, the jacket hooked over his shoulder with a lazy finger, the shirt collar rumpled, tie loose, buttons undone.  Hema saw curly hair creeping into the opening above the tie; Vikram’s chest was as smooth as her own.  
The man laughed.
Her strides slowed so that she was ambling now, not really walking, but still heading toward him.  She was torn between hearing her sister’s laugh echoing inside her head and the years of warnings about avoiding men.  She was almost upon him and he had not moved.  She swallowed.  What would Vasantha do?  Her sister would walk forward with bold gait of hers, short hair bouncing at each purposeful step.  Hema chewed her lower lip.  Her hands rubbed the fabric of her sweater, holding it like a talisman. 
He had seen her.  She wished her sweater were a heavy raincoat.  Within seconds they would be level with each other.  She forced her hands to her sides and took a few breaths – meant to be relaxing but their shallowness only underscored her mounting anxiety.  I’m in America, she reminded herself.  This is just a man.  Not a threat to my honor.  Somehow the words made a dull pinging sound against her inner ear.  The man was facing her fully now.  A mere handbreadth away. Go. No, turn around! Hema pressed her hands against her hips. 
“Hema you must be careful while in public. American men are not like Indian men. They might misunderstand your politeness.” Vikram’s voice, warm and soothing, while he rubbed her back with coconut oil.  She had glanced over her shoulder.
“Vikram, Vasantha told me that-“His finger on her lips interrupted her. 
“Let us not fight tonight, okay?” 
She nodded her head.  It was their night to try.  Again. She felt the passion leaking out of them like a punctured balloon.  This is what her mother warned her of when it came to ‘obligations.’ Hema longed for the child so that she could return to being with Vikram rather than to service him. 
“Please, just listen to me and be careful.” Vikram clasped her to him then, fiercely, encircling her stomach from behind. 
Remembering the desperation in their lovemaking that night, without realizing it, Hema halted.  She was now standing next to the man.  He was looking at her. 
She wanted to move on and show Vasantha’s fearlessness of every situation.  She wanted to stride by with a large grin, stretching from ear to ear.  Hema started forward grinding her teeth.  If she were going to live here, she better learn how to blend in.  Her hands fisted.  The man turned.  He had sharp eyes, green like bits of the Heineken bottles that Vikram loved to drink but Hema had never touched. 
She broke every rule she knew about being around men.  In flagrant disregard of womanly shyness, she met his eyes.  It had been three months before she looked directly into her husband’s.  Her boldness was short-lived, she felt weak and she trembled under the man’s penetrating gaze, which latched to her face.
“Hello.” His voice was soft, like the homemade butter she and her mother churned. 
She somehow managed a nod.  His shirt was untucked, the cuffs of his pants dragging on the ground. He was almost a full head above her, 6’ 2” or 3” if she was correct. She realized he wore no shoes. 
And she was rooted to the ground. The sight of his feet, white, broad toes, and clean, short-clipped nails startled her. Americans normally wore their shoes everywhere; they had special shoes to wear inside their houses, shoes specifically for their bedrooms.  Vikram had placed a sign near the doorway at their housewarming to help their co-workers. Either the sign had been too subtle or the pile of Indian shoes too small, they had entered into the puja with their shoes on. 
The green gaze followed her direction and then he laughed. Even white teeth, strong neck. She smiled back. 
“Yeah, I’m busted,” he said, swung down the jacket and tossed it on the grass covering the middle of the track. 
Hema started – busted for what? As soon as she thought it, she began looking out of the corner of her eye for a woman because the unkempt nature of clothes meant an illicit romp.  She was disgusted at herself for being attracted to him; of course that’s why some woman had met him out here and he was standing without any shoes on. To think, he used this routine to catch his next partner! She lengthened her spine as her mother had taught her to do; “Remember Hema, no man would dare molest a woman with a queen’s posture.” 
Hema nodded, what she hoped was severely at him, and swept by. The encounter had put new fire in her veins; she was ready to sweep around the track. Maybe then my cheeks will stop burning, she thought. His wide green eyes were still before her, as she marched with each purposeful step.  And even golden brown skin— not the pasty tone of most of the people she knew here.  She sniffed. He probably spent time in those tanning beds. Why Americans spent money to get darker, she would never know. She had been shut in during most daylight hours or made to wear a screening shawl so that her parents could write “parents seeking groom for their well educated fair skinned beautiful daughter” in her matrimonial ad.  Of course all parents liked to boast of these qualities; the groom discovered their accuracy at the initial family meeting. 
She had been disappointed by Vikram— his parents promised a “5’ 11” medical doctor, faithful partner, six figure salary.” No one would have understood her objection to the false representation of his height; so she had kept it to herself. But rather than the powerful 5’ 11” shoulder she expected to nestle into, she found herself, at 5’ 8”, stooping to reach his 5’ 5” frame. 
“What are a few inches when you know he will provide for you the rest of your life,” her mother would have said, smacking her in the cheek.  Not a smack really, just more of a tap as if to say, I-am-just-checking-to-make-sure-you-are-awake-saying-these-things. 
She sighed. Well, mother was right. Vikram provided well for her. Except for this child situation, there were no outstanding issues.  She had a dependable man, unlike the snake with the emerald eyes, frolicking at the exercise track at work, in the middle of the day.  Hema rounded the top curve of the south end of the track. She had come around in half the time.  She flexed her shoulders and back, putting her palms in the small of her back. Just half a length more and she would be back to her side of the building.  And she would have to pass him again. She exhaled through her nose, trying to control the air. She would bolt by and in her silence; freeze him as she had seen her aunts do at the market with a stubborn produce vendor.  
She gathered speed, and noticed his broad shoulders did not fill the horizon as they had on her initial trip.  She ignored the tinge of disappointment.  Perhaps the couple had finished. 
“You really should slow down; you’re missing life, you know.”
She almost snapped her neck, looking back to see him, on his stomach, propped up by elbows, fingers rifling through the landscaped grass and marigolds, not a woman in sight.  He rolled over onto his back, his shirt bunching and exposing tight muscles. Out from underneath the discarded jacket came a zip-locked sandwich.  He took a large bite and winked at her. 
“Have a great day,” he said, those green eyes knowing everything—  even her desire to know him— to try a different man, to see if it really was her fault or her husband’s as she secretly suspected. 

Tree
“Tree” was first published in the literary magazine Americana. North Carolina State University 2004: 2.6

Priya was in her office, alone.  This was her favorite part of the day, before the students came tripping down the steps, before Mary from the business office clamored at her door, wanting to make amendments to the budget.  She spiked another sharpened pencil into the holder, crammed with others just like it as well as ballpoint pens.  Her desk was smooth, the surface uncluttered by opened mail, or waiting documents. That was the way she left it every day, so that its quiet vastness greeted her in the morning.  No matter how late she had to stay, it was always worth the sight of this ocean of openness, spread before her.  
“Morning, Priya!” The first greeting, shrill and sharp, issued, as a student zipped by the yawning mouth of the door.  Two floors of students above, the main offices and entrance below, she was ensconced between layers of feverish movement.
Ten to eight.  Just a few more minutes before the chaos.  Priya crossed to the closet and picked up the watering can from beside the closet.  The sink inside the office bathroom gushed water, sending it forth, filling up the can in a swirling minute.  It always amused her, this presence of a secret bathroom, as if her body functions were to remain a mystery to those outside.  
Humming to herself, she exited through the open door and strode to where the tree was.  Eight feet tall it loomed over her, leaves stretching toward the ceiling, spreading out in every direction.  It was a spot of greenery amidst the dreary pictures of dour college ancestors, black and tight lipped, hanging on the second floor walls.  Priya poured water among the roots gingerly, catering to the tree’s quest for liquid. 
 She was proud of this morning libation, felt in a way it connected her to the Ganges, where priests chanted prayers in Sanskrit at sunrise.  Whether the morning prayer or the stanzas of a funeral, the priests were always there, their murmurs hallowing the circle of life.  Her father loved the river and watched from the leafy branches of his rooftop garden.  He said trees and the river reminded him of his village.  In the overcrowded city of New Delhi, he tended a garden on the roof.  She had watered trees with him, until she left for boarding school.
At school there were no trees.  Only high rise hostels and brown classrooms.  She longed for the soothing breeze and rustle of leaves that were part of her daily existence at home.  She wanted to be with her father, standing next to him, amidst the whisper of foliage, sheltered from the noises of the city.  Her father insisted that she continue her education and attend the finest schools.  He wanted her to have everything. She wanted to be by his side
 He won. 
The last time she was home before coming to America, she searched the house, finding him on the roof. They stood together, surrounded by the evening prayers of people on the ghats by the river.  She asked him how he would be without her.  He smiled.  His daughter’s adventurousness mirrored his wife’s; her mother, who, despite medical warnings insisted on having a child and then died during childbirth.  Priya felt guilty leaving him, his head peering over the side of the roof for one last glimpse, just before she got into the taxi.  Guilty, but excited. 
“Morning, Priya,” a drowsy student shuffled past, still in pajamas.  
“Good morning, Mary Margaret.” Priya walked back toward the office, ready for anything.  Another morning.  Another beginning.  
***
“Priya, I need these letters sent out before the Cabinet meeting today.  And have you got the numbers on assaults before I meet with the parents?” 
She pulled the handle of the desk drawer, revealing files standing in order, like little foot soldiers ready for any eventuality.  
“Yes, sir. Here are figures of assaults on every large campus; the next page is the number we’ve had in the last ten years.  I sent the letters out yesterday, sir.”
Richard Hoffler smiled. She insisted on calling him this, explaining it was a throwback to her Catholic school training she couldn’t eliminate.  
“Thanks.  See you after, then.”  His eyes twinkled, and in a moment he was gone.  Richard Hoffler.  Vice-President of Academic Affairs.  The first man to give her a job since she moved to America, looking past her thick accent, her insufficient wardrobe, straight to her resume – working for the American Embassy in New Delhi, translating, dictation, typing sixty words a minute.  She still wasn’t sure what had clinched it for him, somewhere between her letter of reference and her excellent filing system during the first week as a temp employee, Hoffler had offered her the job.  It had been six months. 
***
DZZ. DZZ. DZZ.
Priya frowned in annoyance as a sound, rather like a duck being beaten, resounded in the hallway.  She was just in the middle of editing a letter to students who were on academic probation and was having difficulty fitting it all on one page.  How could girls be frittering away 15,000 dollars? She shook her head; pressed her lips together and clicked on the page layout tab.  Spoiled. 
Footsteps thundered down the staircase.  Priya glanced at her watch. It was only ten o’clock.  Too late for breakfast and far too early for lunch.  What was going on?
“Priya – come on! It’s a fire drill!” Mary Margaret and a group of giggling friends poked their heads into the office, school bags slung onto shoulders.  Their eyes gleamed with the respite from their 10 o’clock class. 
“Fire drill?” 
“Come on!” Mary Margaret entered the office, rushing to the desk and closing the manila folder that lay open on Priya’s desk.  Priya saved to her disk, and then followed meekly the gaggle of girls as they joined the growing traffic flow headed downstairs.
Outside in the hallway, the noise was deafening and she saw Professors mumbling and shielding their ears.  The students however were tumbling down the stairs, chattering.   
She felt herself swept along by the crowd, separated from Mary Margaret by the time she reached the bottom step.  The crowd continued out the front doors, across the lawn, until they stood about fifty yards from the building.  Rather than shocked or alarmed, most people seemed delighted or irritated depending on their age.  Priya stood in the mass, shifting from foot to foot to keep the hem of her pants from dragging into the grass.  
“Priya!” Hoffler approached her.
She offered a tentative smile.  “What is all this?”  Students were now seated on the grass, careless of stains, relaxing and viewing the soft clouds overhead.  It was a beautiful day.
“Oh. County rules. We have to have a fire drill every month.”
She met his gaze blankly.
“Fire drills. So the students and everybody know where to go in case of a fire.” He waved around and she noticed smaller pockets of people outside of the library, music, and classroom buildings. She nodded. An interesting idea to be sure.  They were always prepared for anything, it was fascinating, this ability of theirs to suppose the tragedies of the universe, attempt to circumvent them.  
“This is not a real fire, then?” Priya’s question was swallowed up by the clamor of a fire truck arriving.  
“I’ll be right back.  They’ll want me.” Hoffler rushed off, the bottom of his suit coat flapping in the breeze.  
Her informant gone, Priya turned to face the building, wondering how long they were to wait.  
“Priya!” Mary Margaret sauntered to her, her red hair flying, carried this way and that by the wind.  She was the student worker in the office and had taken to Priya, naturally, easily.  And despite Mary Margaret’s being late to work and often jamming the copy machine, Priya liked her— her easygoing manner and earnestness about life.
“Guess what? I heard there’s a real fire on the second floor!” She whispered conspiratorially, sliding up next to her, towering over her five-foot frame at five eleven.  
“Mary, where did you hear this?” Priya asked, reaching out to tuck a handful of teetering pencils back into Mary Margaret’s school bag.  
“Over there, when the fire chief was talking to Hoffler.” 
“Spying again? You mustn’t, Mary! One day you will be found out.” Priya used the nickname she had been instructed to after a week of meeting her.  It was how the flamboyant personality was known on campus.
“What are we going to do about our stuff, Priya?” For the first time a shadow crossed Mary’s face, causing Priya to shiver. 
“If there were a fire we would hear some noise.  You know you cannot believe the gossipers around here.” Priya patted her charge’s arm, watching her gnaw her upper lip with even white teeth.
“Trust me, if there were, a fire we would be feeling heat or hearing—” Priya’s comfort was cut off by the sharp sounds of popping.  They both faced the building along with the rest of the crowd and watched as the glass in windows shuddered and then erupted in a downward tinkling of glass shards.
“Oh my.” 
Priya Mary's gasps heard from a large distance.  Fire.  She couldn’t see any flames but smelled a dense dark odor.  A fireman trudged toward them, dressed in yellow and black.  
“Move back, please.  Move back.” 
Mary’s pressure on her arm pulled Priya back, her feet stumbling in the grass.  
“How bad is it?” Mary’s voice was thin as a reed and Priya heard it with echoing vibrations. The firefighter shook his head and kept motioning for people to back up.
“Mary! Priya!” Hoffler joined them, sweat coursing down his forehead.  
“Are you okay?” He took in her ashen face, the death like grip she had on Mary’s arm, one shoe missing from her foot. 
“Don’t worry, they caught it early. They can contain it.” His words washed over her, offering some comfort, barely penetrating her panic. 
“Sir – I must go inside.” 
He grasped the hand she offered, surprised at the gesture.  It was the first time she had ever touched him. 
“Priya, don’t worry.Everything on our computers can be replaced — it’s okay —”
“No, Richard I’ve got to get inside.” Priya’s voice clamored, rising above the chatter around her.  
“Priya, don’t worry about the computer or files.  It will be —” 
She screamed at the sight of flames, licking out the openings, dancing from where their office would have been. She bolted, tearing her hand from his gentle grasp, and rushing toward the door where several firemen had already entered.  Richard caught her easily; she wasn’t going very fast in one shoe. His arms gripped her about the waist, impeding her forward movement, arresting the push of her feet. 
“No! No, no.” She scratched and clawed, fighting him, throwing her weight against the binding force of his arms.  
“Priya…Priya!” He was shouting, twisting her, and resisting her urge to get closer to the entrance. Joined by a fireman, they grasped her body, writhing and turning, and propelled it to the ground.  
“Priya.” Richard was panting; his knees at her side, hands pining down her shoulders.  She moaned. Hot tears seeping from her eyes, her hair spread over the grass, untangled from its careful coil. 
“Abba! Abba!” She screamed, and they could not understand her, were dumbfounded by her native tongue and her bond to the only element still left of her Father.  The tree.
***
 When she awoke, voices were murmuring.  She turned her head to see Mary and Richard’s concerned faces hovering at her side, their bodies seeming to have disappeared in a snowy cloud.  She tried to rise, found the effort defeating, and sunk onto her back before she realized she had never really moved. 
“Priya, are you okay?” Mary’s voice echoed, as if in a canyon. 
“I feel very strange.” Her head was filled with sand. 
“They had to give you a sedative injection.” Richard pointed at the smarting place on her arm where a small red circle glowed.  They were grouped around her; she was lying on a lightweight cot, his jacket covering her legs, and straps were holding her down. Behind them, over their heads, she could see smoke billowing upward meeting the cerulean sky and darkening it.  She remembered. 
Her head falling to the side, Priya closed her eyes.  
“It’s okay. They were able to save most of it.” Mary patted her hand.  
“Our office?”
“Was right next to where it started. They say electrical wires shorted, and must have sparked the carpet, run into the tree, and used it for fuel.  If the fire department hadn’t come so quickly there’s no telling.”  Richard passed a hand over his face, massaging the bridge of his nose. 
“So the tree is, is gone?” Priya asked, eyes shut. 
“Well, we don’t know.  They aren’t letting anyone into the building. But probably.”
“Don’t worry, Priya.  We’ll get another tree. Not as big as that one, one you could sit on your desk maybe?’ 
She shook her head and the tears began anew.  
“Maybe you should see if your friends are alright?” She heard Richard’s voice persuade the reluctant Mary to leave her side.  After a slight pause, she felt his shadow on her face.  
“What is it?” 
His question pulled at the tormented parts of her, ungluing her fresh pain. 
“Technically we’ll be under inspection for having that tree inside, but we’ll figure something out. Don’t worry, I won’t let the blame fall to you. I should have never agreed to it being placed there.”
She nodded, tears dripping off her chin, soaking the paper-thin pillowcase.  
 He must be stunned to see her like this, she who had shown no emotion in the last half-year other than courtesy.  Here she was wailing like an infant!
Against her instinct she spoke.  Their alien custom of sharing emotions had seeped into her. 
“That tree.  My father bought it for me.” Tears overcame speech, clouding her throat, flooding her face. 
“Well. What’s important is that you are safe.  That fire alarm saved your life – your desk is only two feet from that tree!”
“Richard.” Her eyes opened, their brown centers floating.   He was very close, his nose only inches from hers, and she was surprised to find him kneeling in the grass. 
“Richard.” She started again, just above a whisper.  
“My father is dead.”  Their eyes met; his blue and piercing.  
“When I left for America he gave me money to buy something, anything, to remind me of home.  It was all the money he had saved for my dowry.  He gave it to me instead as an inheritance. The first shop I ever went into was the nursery across the street from here.  I saw the tree, potted and large, healthy, green.  I knew my Father would have wanted me to have it.  The same day I bought it, my uncle called to tell Abba had passed.   It is all I have of him.  Had. Had of him.” 
Her voice broke again, the lids sliding shut.  She could not bear his gaze, the proximity of it, the strange intimacy.  She who had never even been to school with men or sat next to a man anywhere, she who had been shielded her whole life in preparation for a husband, was now pouring her troubles into the ears of a man —her employer,  no less.  Priya didn’t know which was worse, the shame of causing a scene and having to be medicated, her flagrant conduct, or losing her Father. 
He sighed.
She avoided his gaze behind the gauze of skin of her eyelids.  
“I know it’s hard.  But if he could see you, the way you keep our office running, your intelligence, and your skills.  I can hardly believe you’ve only been here for six months-!”  A soft kerchief toweled her face and then he was gone. 
She lay on the cot, and thought hard. She had missed her father’s funeral.  It was financially impossible to make the transatlantic flight so soon after her arrival in America.  For days, she wandered around her small apartment, burning incense and rubbing the leaves of her tree.  Rather than cry—  something her family had taught her was a weakness— she had found comfort in the smooth texture and familiar presence of her father’s favorite pastime. When the top hit the ceiling of the tiny apartment, she moved the flourishing tree to the office out of a selfish need to be closer to her father. Now the tree was gone, consumed by the fire as her father had been. 
She imagined the scene a million times.  Early one morning, on a narrow plank of wood in the Ganges, her uncle and cousins watch as his body ignites.  The flames consume him, wrapped in expensive silk.  Later, her uncle scatters his ashes from the rooftop.  Trees— their trees—  look on and nod at their nurturer returned to earth.  Tears that she fought flowed unhampered down her face.  And she was no longer ashamed. 

Down

Mr. Seymour closed the door behind him and locked it.  11:15. No one got beyond Bud Seymour’s door after 11:15.  “Okay, everybody calm down.  It’s time to get started.” 
Mala straightened in her seat when Mr. Seymour turned to face the class.  Mr. Seymour was the only teacher her father approved of, the only teacher who “is understanding what it means to have authority.”
“Okay, no sleeping today, either - remember the sad case of Mr. Jackson?”  
The class tittered.  Mala hid her smile behind her brown palm.  Mr. Jackson or G Money, as he was known among his peers, was in detention for sleeping during class, an offense he had protested vehemently while being ejected. 
“I was trying, man!” He had told Seymour.  Mala had felt somewhat sorry for him; she watched Jackson fight sleep all semester. But rules were rules in Seymour’s book. 
“Today is the first day in our world literature section.  We are going to read a series of different stories from various countries.  And then you’ll write a paper on an author of your choice and what you liked about his or her work.  Providing textual examples of course.” The class groaned.  Mr. Seymour’s textual examples were the stumbling block of every senior before leaving Gilchrest High School.  They had to be overcome in order to pass the English writing test.  Rumor had it that nobody but Bud Seymour had ever had all his students pass the AP English test. 
“Now, now, you’ve been doing this all year and this paper will be no different.” 
Seymour had no sympathy. 
“Let’s begin, okay?”
No response.  Typical for this crowd. Mala shifted in her seat and pulled out her slim volume of the Bhagavad Gita.  Another reason why her father and all the other Asian parents liked Mr. Seymour. 
“The first work is the Bhagavad Gita. It’s a collection of religious stories and central to the religious systems of India.”
A hand shot into the air. 
“Yes, Miss Talbot?”
“Mr. Seymour, my parents don’t want me to learn about any funny religions.” 
There were nods around the classroom.  Mala tucked her elbows tight against her rib cage.  What would Seymour say to this rebellion?
“Yes, Miss Talbot, but we are not reading this as a religious text. We are reading it for its literary value to understand how such ancient texts changed through translation. 
Miss Talbot’s hand returned to her side and Mala drew a breath. 
Mala opened the frail cover of her book.  It was yellow with age and emitted a faint soothing odor that reminded her of grandmother’s sandalwood hand soap.  She looked at the words, all printed in a language she couldn’t understand. 
“Okay, so who knows what language this was originally written in? Better yet, who can read it?”
Silence.
“Miss Subramunum?”
Mala’s head jerked.  Mr. Seymour looked at her directly, his eyes enlarged by bifocals.  She had grown up listening to the stories of the Gita.  Tucked into bed by her grandmother, Mala had suffered through the Sanskrit droning of her grandmother’s Gita bedtime stories every summer as a child.  She eventually fell asleep and her grandmother would give her looks the next day that made Mala want to try harder, attempt to fake interest.  But it was too much for her and instead she succumbed to the gentle pressure of sleep.  She detested the Gita.  
“Would you like to tell us about the Bhagavad Gita?” 
Mr. Seymour had come over to Mala’s house at the invitation of her parents’ and enjoyed her father’s library. 
Mala shook her head.  She was relieved when the door rattled on its hinges and the perspiring face of Principal Hangler appeared in the Plexiglas slit.  He gestured to Seymour to join him outside.  
“Class, the introductory comments in your text please. I will be right back.” 
Seymour strode to the door, opened it and stepped outside, with his hand still on the handle, holding the door open. 
“Hey, who knows what language this thing was written in?” 
Mike Brown, sitting right behind her, muttered across the aisle to his best friend, Nick Hosa. 
“Dude, I don’t know.  But I know she should.”  
Mala heard Nick’s reply.  She bent her head and looked at the first page.  Samantha Perkins, Mala’s best friend, was in another English section.  So during classroom lulls, Mala had no one to talk to.  
“Hey! Don’t you know what language this is written in?” 
Nick’s voice rose. She rubbed her right eye and straightened the papers in her notebook pocket.  She had never spoken to Nick Hosa before and she wasn’t going to start now. 
“Mala. I’m talking to you!” 
Nick’s voice was insistent and the people next to her were looking at her. 
Mala turned her head so that her chin jutted out over her shoulder.  She could see Nick— his bright orange hair spiked as high as it would stand on his head, his pale face interrupted by dark freckles across his cheeks and nose. 
“What’s the deal with this book? What language is it in?” 
He was looking at her but she could also feel the weight of Mike’s gaze on her face.  She fought the urge to turn back around. 
“Sanskrit.”
She did turn around.  Her hand played with the corners of the book, rubbing its pages across her thumb.  Seymour was still outside; the chatter of the class muffled Principal Hangler’s voice but Mala could see excited movement through the Plexiglas.  Everybody was doing something — sharing gum, passing notes; Martha Talbot examined her foundation.  Mala wished Seymour would return — even if he asked embarrassing questions. 
“Sans skirt? What’s the deal with that?”
Mike Brown leaned forward in his seat before she felt the tap on her shoulder.  She turned around. 
“I saw this thing on the Discovery Channel that said that in India people let cows stay in their houses.” 
Mike Brown was student body president.  When he spoke, everyone listened. 
Her upper half twisted in the seat to face him, Mala looked at him. 
“I mean they went around to all these houses, and these people had cows staying with them.  They said they were sacred.  They had all this red stuff on their foreheads.” Mike’s voice was the only sound in the room; twenty pairs of ears were listening. 
“So do you worship cows?” 
Nick was back.  He was never one to be outdone by Mike, even if he was only the student body treasurer. 
Mala was pinned, facing most of the room from her seat in the front of the row.  
“Do you have cows in your house?” 
Mike leaned forward until his forearms on the desk were almost touching her back.  She retreated her elbows from the corner of her desk. 
“Do you sleep with cows?”
“Yeah, do you?”
Mala turned around.  She bent her head so that her hair fell forward and screened her from Martha Talbot who had paused in applying foundation to look at her.  To her left, Craig Appleby, her next-door neighbor, avoided eye contact. Craig had given Mala a ride to school every day since he had gotten his license in the 10th grade.  Since Mala wasn’t allowed to drive, Craig saved her from having to suffer the humiliation of riding the school bus as a senior. 
“How many cows do you have?”
Mala kept her eyes down and fought the moisture. She could see the yellowed cover of the book, the bright colors faded, through a mist.  She wanted Seymour to come back in.  But he released the doorknob and the door swung shut clicking into place.  She flinched. 
The truth was she hated cows.  Her mother refused to cook beef because she had grown up with a cow, sleeping with it when it had been a calf, made cow patties with her own hands. Mala’s mother was the traditional Hindu her grandmother raised her to be.  Even after fifteen years in America, her mother never ate red meat, didn’t cook it, or allow it in the house.  She never drank.  She used certain utensils for the chicken and different ones for the vegetables. She never cooked chicken or lamb on Fridays and made Mala sit through her father’s long puja every week.  Mala just wanted to eat at McDonald’s like everyone else.  She wanted to be able to set the table and not be afraid that a mix up would upset delicate cosmic balance.  She wanted to be able to understand her father’s long prayers.  She wanted to be normal. 
“What’re those red dots for?” 
Nick was never going to stop.
“Yeah, how come you don’t have one?”
Tears slid down her nose.  Mala watched them drip onto the cover of the book.  Her arms were across her abdomen.  Seymour was never coming back.  Seymour had abandoned her. 
“How do you get those things on? Are they tattoos?” 
Mike poked her head in the back.  There was the sound of a click in the door and Seymour re-entered.  He pocketed his keys then shut the door. 
“Sorry. It appears that class is going to be cut short today in order for me to deal with a situation.” 
Seymour was frazzled.  He removed his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose.  There was a rustling of books, notebooks, and voices.
“So, I’m going to have to ask that you all use the rest of this period as a study hall.  I’m going to send Mrs. Greenwood in here.  I’ll see you all tomorrow. Please read the chapters marked in our syllabus now for homework so we can begin discussing the theme of nobility in Indian literature.” He looked over the class and then left. 
“You know, I don’t understand why your mom always comes to school wearing those sheets either.” 
Mike was so close she could feel puffs of his breath on the skin of her neck.  
She put her head on her desk and wept.
***
A year later, Mala was the first to admit that English class was now her favorite college course, including the discussion sections. 
“Wait up! Mala!”
 Doug Jackson ran toward her.  Mala smiled. For Doug, running was no small feat.  At six feet five inches, she had never seen his frame move this fast except on the basketball court. 
“Doug, we’re going to be late.” 
When they were level with each other she tilted her head to meet his gaze.  Playing basketball at Duke University had saved Doug’s academic career. 
“Okay, okay, okay. I had to talk to Coach!”
Her brisk pace worked double time with Doug’s easy strides. 
“Listen, teach - you don’t have to be the first one to class every time, you know?”
They paused before the entrance of the library while Doug let Mala enter before him. She smiled at him.  Tutoring G Money had not been her idea of a good time - especially because of his high school reputation. 
But the basketball team paid fifteen dollars an hour for tutors and Mala knew it would look good on her resume.  Plus, she had made Doug get her coveted season tickets to Duke games.  Despite her doubts, Doug proved to be an earnest student.  He even vaguely remembered her from high school.  Within a semester’s time they pulled him from the brink of academic probation into good standing so he could continue to play.  Because of this Mala gained a friend.  Now, in the spring, Doug and Mala were inseparable. 
Not the first ones to class, they sat across from each other at the seminar table, squeezing in next to twelve others.  After the first day, Mala outlawed sitting next to Doug when they wrote more notes to each other than on the study questions.  In the small conference room, the grad student, Laurie Tester noticed.  Mala couldn’t erase her father’s respect for authority, even if it was a teaching assistant. 
“Good game last night, bro.”
 James Watkins was nervous around Doug.  Doug’s large frame dwarfed James’ smaller one.  His pale skin was a sheet of white compared to Doug’s dark blue-black.
“Thanks, man. It was tough, though!” 
Doug laughed, slinging his gym bag to the floor and rummaging in it for his anthology.  Mala shook her head and pulled out her binder and book from a leather shoulder bag.  No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t get Doug to shake the gym bag.  It served as his backpack, workout bag, and suitcase on away games.  During major rival games, the opponents tried to steal Doug’s bag to shake his concentration.  But no one succeeded in separating Doug from the bag. Not even Mala.
“Good morning class. A beautiful day, hmm?” 
Laurie floated in surrounded by a breezy skirt Mala knew fit her future Peace Corps persona. 
“Too bad we’re in class!” 
Next to Mala, Laurie Tester was Doug’s favorite person.  She allowed Doug to retake English 111 and 112 over the summer and replaced his two Fs from his freshman year with Cs. 
“Well, Douglas, you know that it is Duke policy to hold class regardless of weather conditions - sun or snow.  We’re rather like the US postal service.” 
Laurie smiled and laid her book and overflowing notebook on the table. 
“Okay, so we’ve got some stories to cover from the lecture season. I can’t wait to hear what you thought of the ones by Gish Jen.” 
208 Fiction survey.  Mala’s father had wanted her to go to Duke (not only because she could live at home, her mother reassured her) because of the student-teacher ratio.  “It is not possible to beat the teacher attention,” her father had said when he selected it for her. “You will get the best individual care.” Mala thought the slick brochures and admissions people had done their job. And that her parents weren’t ready to surrender her to the swirling mainstream American culture.  If they knew she spent more classroom time with graduate students than full time faculty, they wouldn’t be happy.  Even so, Mala was flourishing. 
“What did you think of ‘Birthmates’?”
 Laurie perched her chin in one hand, supported by a pointy elbow.  Her wild, prematurely grey-black curls stuck up around her head. 
Jamie Reimer raised her hand.  Mala suppressed a smirk and avoided Doug’s eyes. Jamie was a sore spot.  Ever-prepared and over-eager, Jamie’s presence dominated a classroom.  Mala still couldn’t believe Doug tried to go out with her; a fact that Doug now hated, about which Mala teased him mercilessly.  Breasts were everything apparently.
“Yes, Jamie?” 
Laurie was oblivious to the anti-Jamie sentiment as most people were.  They thought she was wonderful. 
“I’m not sure why this story is included in the anthology?” 
Jamie’s insights were most commonly framed as questions; Mala felt like she was on an episode of Jeopardy; Jamie as the all knowing smug host. 
“What do you mean, Jamie?” 
Here we go again.  Reimer’s dissertation, Mala thought.  This time she did look at Doug, who avoided her gaze.  She bumped his foot under the table.  He stepped back on hers.  She ducked her head toward her book and smiled. 
“I mean, did the editors feel obligated to be politically correct? Is it part of this new wave of tokenism?” 
Mala’s head jerked up and she looked at Jamie.  What was she talking about? Everyone had blank stares on their faces.  Including Laurie Tester.  
“Tokenism?” Laurie sounded like she was choking on something. 
“I mean, it just doesn’t fit with all the others. It’s not even as good as the others. Why include it? Except to make them happy?” Jamie straightened in her seat and laid two tan elbows on the table.  Her father was on the board of directors.  Laurie looked dumbfounded.  Mala pressed her lips into each other.  The ridge of her lower teeth pushed into her upper lip.
“Girl, what are you talking about?” Doug burst into the silence and turned his head to face her.  
She still insisted on sitting next to him, despite her complete rejection of his advances.  She loved knowing that the big man on campus had once asked her out. Even if he was black.
“There’s a story by an Indian,” James said.  
“That proves my point!  Two out of thirty?  Come on guys?” 
Jamie waved the index under their noses.  
Mala took a deep breath.  She bent her head and opened the table of contents to mime her interest.  The italic story titles swam in front of her.  Incredible.
She peeked up to see Doug was not relenting.  His jaw set forward in the firmness she saw on the free throw line.  “Do you realize how offensive you are?”
Laurie cleared her throat.  This had to be blowing her progressive graduate-student mind. 
“What are you talking about?” Jamie returned Doug’s gaze. 
Doug pointed at Lily and Mala without saying a word. 
Mala met Lily Chen’s startled almond gaze.  She had never heard Lily speak.  No one else was looking at them.  They were all engrossed in the table of contents of the Norton Anthology.  
“I don’t think of them as different.  I mean, they sound American.  They are American. Look at them.” Jamie gestured.  Mala didn’t know if she wanted to scream or laugh.  Even Doug was flabbergasted. 
“What? Girl, is you stupid?” Doug’s voice rose. 
Laurie cleared her throat again and laid a hand on Doug’s forearm.  He leaned back in his chair and pulled at his bald scalp while muttering under his breath. 
“Jamie, I think you have raised some sensitive issues here.”
Jamie looked at Laurie Tester with wounded eyes. 
“Sensitive, but important,” Laurie rushed on, and for that inch, Mala hated her. “The stories in the anthology are included based upon their merit.” But Laurie was unable to withstand Doug’s narrowed gaze.  “These two women are two of the best Asian writers writing in English.  I think it’s a sign of development that they are included in the anthology.  Let’s talk about the stories themselves.” Laurie’s fingers picked at the dog-eared pages of her collection before opening the book. 
Mala fixed her gaze on the book and refused to acknowledge Doug’s nudge at her toe. She knew her silence was unusual but her voice seemed to have sunk to her toes. Their words rolled over her for the rest of class. 
“Okay, next week, read the stories by Carver and remember to bring a draft of your paper for peer review.” Laurie closed her folder and smiled.  Mala shoved her book and binder back into her bag, not even closing the top flap before sliding the strap onto her shoulder.  She was convinced that if she stayed in the room a moment longer, all her disgust would erupt in the form of a half-digested breakfast.  She elbowed her way past the next class waiting to get in, and fled down the stairs.  She pounded the crash bar until the door swung open.  Spilling out into the fresh air and down another set of steps she gasped and rubbed the hair down on her arms.  Tokenism?
“Mala!” 
She heard Doug jumping down the library’s front steps.  She kept walking. 
“Hey! Hey,” he caught up with her.  She avoided his gaze and sped up. 
“What happened in there?” 
Doug jogged beside her.  She shook her head and sent tears flinging. 
“Yo, let’s talk about this. Talk to me.” 
He grabbed her by her shirtsleeve. Mala twisted in his grasp.  It was lunch hour, and up ahead, the quad teemed with people.
“Mala.” 
Doug grabbed her other arm, forcing her to square off with him. Her bag dangled from her shoulder and slid down her arm.  He tried to move the strap back onto her shoulder but she resisted him.  The bag’s contents came spitting out of the open mouth, books and papers strewn about their feet.  Doug still held her arms. She kicked the anthology.  Her mother would have been horrified.  
“Books are holy, Mala. The Goddess of education, Jagatheswari, my namesake, lives in them. Do not ever place your foot on a book.” She raised her foot again to stomp out her mother’s voice.
He tightened his grip on her arms. 
“You’re hurting me.” She felt the pressure lessen.
“What happened in there?” Doug’s voice was soft, softer than ever before, addressing her. It was his cell phone voice. 
Mala sighed. She raised her head, on level with his chest.  She sighed again, her shoulders heaving.  His hands went up her forearms, over her shoulders to rest on her back.  Her face rested against his chest.  It was the closest they had ever been; yet Mala felt it the most natural place in the world.
“It’s like that. People get to say whatever they want and the teacher never does anything. What could I say? What was there to say?” 
Mala hated the sound of her weepy voice.  She sounded like her mother after an argument with her father.  Tired, she pulled back and tucked her hair behind her ears.  Doug watched her. 
“It’s been like that all my life,” she muttered, bending to pick up her scattered things. She shoved loose papers into a notebook.  Some of her pens rolled down the sidewalk. Doug jogged after them.  She watched him amble back and by the concentrated way he looked at his shoes, she could tell he was thinking.
“Thanks.” She took the pens and dropped them into the side pocket.  They stood there, she looking at the ground, he looking at the top of her head. 
“Listen, I’m fine. It’s wrong of me to expect you to understand. She just said what they all think. It’s fine.” She avoided looking at him. 
He laughed. 
“I don’t understand? All your life, right?” 
He laughed again, throwing his head back.  
“What do you think it’s like for me? You think I’ve never heard anything like that?” Doug’s eyes pierced her. 
“You wanna know what it’s like for me? There goes Doug Jackson-G Money.  Number one on the basketball team. Wouldn’t have gone to college if it hadn’t been for basketball. Barely made it through his freshman year.  Went to summer school for free.  What else can you expect of a lazy nigger raised on welfare?” 
Doug’s Adam’s apple pumped and Mala could see the whites of his eyes. 
Her pupils dilated.  She had never heard anyone use that word in earnest.  But she had heard all those accusations. 
“Doug-“ 
“They,” he rotated his finger in a circle. “Want to get you down.  Girl, you can’t let them.”
“I never know what to say. It’s like being trapped in a river, then getting pulled under. And teachers never say anything.” Mala swallowed. She met his gaze when he looked down. “I didn’t mean to insult you. I’m sorry.” She touched his arm, and then rubbed it in an effort to calm his troubled expression. 
He grunted. 
“You can’t be expecting people to do all the work for you.” Doug moved closer and hugged her.  His arm lay over her shoulder; his light brown eyes an interesting contrast to his skin.  She put her arm around his waist.  They walked toward the quad and drew glances, her shoulder lodged in his armpit. 
Mala took a deep breath.
“Today was nothing.” 
He arched an eyebrow at her, she made a face.
“I mean, high school was much worse.” 
It was his turn to make a face and nod.  She laughed, then sobered, remembering her own dislike of him during high school. She cleared her throat.
“Seymour’s English class---“
“Seymour! I took that class.”
“He sent you to detention for falling asleep.” 
“Oh.”
“Yeah, well, if you had been there, you would have been really pissed.”
The eyebrow went up again, this time as a question mark.
“Mike Brown and Nick Hosa-“
“Those a-“
“Right, right. One day Seymour steps out and they decide to ask me…”

Truth

In India, between the years 1978 and 1982, estimates put the number of abortions of female fetuses after the “sex test” at 78,000.

“What’s that you’re reading, dear?”
 “This book is for my South Asian class. Mom, you won’t believe what they say about India. It’s crazy!”
Somila was home for the weekend, Thanksgiving weekend.  A long trek from Bryn-Mawr to be sure, but worth it.  The Mawr café did not boast any curry delicacies like Mother’s lamb or chicken.  And their white rice was boiled within an inch of the grain, dry and brittle to her Basmati-loving palate. 
“Really, dear?” 
Mother was in the kitchen watering her wild orchids. They were all she had now that all the other children were in college.  
Somila raised her head, admiring her Mother’s trim figure in khaki Bermuda shorts and a Ralph Lauren polo.  Other Indians were afraid of their parents, ashamed to take them into public with the henna spotted hair, cocoon-like saris, and odors of cumin and gharam masala.  Somila had never had to worry about her parents.  After twenty years of American living, they were as American as apple pie.  She glanced at her book.
“Doing school work so seriously!” Mother stood proudly before her orchids, their white blossoms open like listening ears.  
Somila let out a grunt from the corner of her mouth.  She slung the book onto the table and then met Mother’s startled look. 
“Never mind, Mother.”
 She meandered into the kitchen.  
“Let’s go out to the movies tonight?”  She rested her hand on Mother’s shoulder. 
Her Mother’s hands were butterflies, hovering over her charges with the water can.
“We’ll see when your father gets home, dear.”
You can take the girl out of India but you can’t take the subservience out of the girl, Somila reflected. Even now, just back from college, she had more freedom than Mother, to go out when she wanted.
“All right.  I’m going to get ready though.” 
She winked, knowing the end to this ritual.  
Mother might defer, but in the end it was the daughter who won.  Somila wore her duty proudly, knowing that Mother counted on her, the American-bred, to cajole her father into granting freedoms.  It was a game, one that she had grown increasingly fond of as she grew older. She knew her parents were modern forward-thinkers.  These little rituals pleased her somehow, preserved the feeling she was tied to her roots – however informally and somewhat falsely.  Better to pretend to be restricted than suffer genuinely!
***
“How was the movie?” 
Father, slumped on the couch, in his lungi, the Indian version of a cotton kilt that she despised.  Somila wished he would stop wearing it, but her Mother insisted that was one change she would never succeed in enforcing.  
“Dad, Tom Hanks was amazing! You would love it. It’s all about man making meaning out of his existence after being shipwrecked.” She knew getting her father to see a movie was a cosmic impossibility. 
“You should see it.” 
“Hmm.” 
“I’m going to bed.  That thing was three hours! What time is everyone coming tomorrow?” 
She took off her shoes, posing them next to Mother’s inside the foyer closet.  There were no Hindu idols about in danger of being defiled by her wearing shoes in the house, but Somila put her shoes away anyway to preserve the sense of ritual. 
“Well, your brothers will be coming at nine o clock and then we’ll eat around noon.”  
Mother had seated herself next to Father for their nightly chat.  At the mention of her brothers, Somila smiled. 
She was the one who had flown the nest, wanting out of the South, away.  The others had stayed, taking advantage of scholarships, the warm weather of sunny Florida.  She had wanted space and freedom from their well-meaning interference.  
***
Somila turned the page, peeved by the journalist’s dedication to morbid, distasteful facts.  She was seated at the already-set table, elbows propped on the damask tablecloth, just above the delicate plate.  Only two hundred more pages of this and she could be done with this defaming American feminist.  Really, it was too much to bear.  Too bad the nation of India couldn’t sue for libel!  
“Sommie! Where are you?” Jagan’s voice sprang into the air, seeking her out.
“In here, Jagan!” She giggled, waiting for him to find her.
“Sommie!” At last he entered the oldest and wisest of her brothers, tall for an Indian, five feet eleven, dressed in khakis and a starched white button down.   He crossed the room and stood by her; arms folded, and eyes piercing into hers.  
“How are your studies, hmm, yhungachee?” 
Younger sister.  He loved to rub it in. 
“Very good, Unan.”  
Older brother. She was forced to give him his due. This was the game, proper titles for each of them.  
“When are you going to go to India, girl, and take care of that accent?” She pouted for a brief instant at the familiar family argument but then smiled, arms entangling around his waist, abandoning the book to the table.
“It’s good to see you.” 
“I heard there was a wandering traveler in here, gracing us with a visit?” 
“Gopal!” Somila squealed, jumping to his side, squeezing him. 
“So it’s true.  You have remembered your family.” She grimaced as Gopal and Jagan chuckled.  
“Now don’t you two start all that again.” 
She wheeled so she could face them both. 
“Start what? The part about you abandoning your family like an American?”  Raja, the shortest of them all, had arrived. 
“Raja!” Somila glared at the latest accuser with poorly-hidden delight.
“Is this all the welcome I get?” He approached her and kissed both her cheeks.  
“It’s really not fair, all of you against me,” she huffed, and then embraced his shoulders, still playing miffed at his comment. 
“Now, now, what’s all this?” Mother bustled into the dinning room, a casserole dish clenched between two oven mitts.
“Mother, Raja said I was an American.”
“She is the one who is living five states away,” Raja retorted, pulling the dish’s cover off to peer inside.
“And getting a wonderful education,” Father—finally—coming to her defense. 
Somila crossed her eyes, sticking out her tongue in the old way that represented a time when she had no retorts to her brothers’ antics.  They all laughed and the sound rolled about the room, filling it with tenderness.
“Sommie, help Mother get the dishes.”  
Father was always quick to remind her of her feminine responsibilities. 
“Yes, Father.” 
She retreated into the kitchen, Father’s voice floating in the background, as he greeted each of her brothers.  
***
The table set, food prepared and arranged, they all sat. Father at the head, Mother to his left.  Jagan sat at the other end, Somila next to Gopal, Raja across from them.  
“A toast,” Father raised his glass and they positioned theirs.
“To family.” 
“To family.” 
They all drank deeply, comforted by this ritual. 
“Now, children, we must take a picture to send to—” Father’s voice drowned in Somila’s groan.  
The yearly photograph involved extensive preparations where they were all decorated with traditional clothing.  Clothing Somila hated wearing because she never knew how to put it on and had to suffer standing in front of her mother, arms out to the side, for an eternity, waiting to be wrapped up like a human taco. At the sight of Mother’s disapproving stare, Somila lowered her head and picked at her napkin.  What a pain.  
“Now, be sure to pass the chicken curry,” Mother instructed, seeing Gopal’s hungry eyes glaze over.  
He grinned sheepishly.  All her brothers had to do was put on legging type pants and then a tunic shirt.  Boys had all the luck.  And they actually liked wearing it.  Sometimes she wondered if those trips to India hadn’t erased their time here. She dreaded going.  
“When we look for a bride for Gopal, we must make sure she knows how to make curry, South Indian style.” Father said.  
“Well, we must look for a bride for my oldest brother first,” Gopal said.  
Jagan began choking and they all laughed.  This set off another round of laughter at the pained expression on Jagan’s face.  
“I am in no hurry to lose any of my sons,” Mother said.  “But I would like some grandchildren.” 
Jagan groaned and draped his napkin over his head.  
“Mother, you don’t lose a son, you gain a daughter,” Gopal said.
“Oh, well then maybe it is time to look for a bride.  Orbrides —for all of you!  This family could stand some more women.”  
Father drank the rest of his wine.  Somila was the only one laughing.  Now all of her brothers were squirming.
“What’s this?” Gopal asked.  
His question had interrupted the circling of their favorite foods.  Somila recognized the cover of her South Asian book dangling from his long fingers.  She winced under Mother’s glance.  She hated for her table to be disrupted. 
“Oh Gopal, that’s for a class. I was reading in here earlier and forgot.” 
Somila spooned rice, sticky and steamy onto her plate, hoping her studiousness would appease Mother’s dining table etiquette.  
“You want me to mark your place?”
“No,” she said, “I think I’ve read about all I can take.”
Father cleared his throat and raised his eyebrows. 
“Not finish an assigned book?” 
His kind eyes firmed up at this intolerable infraction.  
But Somila was prepared; she knew he would understand immediately.
“Father, this book is about India— but it’s horrible—”
Raja was reading from the back cover, “During her three and a half years in India—”
“That sounds like a well informed author to me, for a reader who’s never even been to India.” Jagan glanced at her.  
Somila took a deep breath.  She hated family “discussions” because she was always hopelessly outnumbered.  Mother never intervened and Somila was left on her own; the very reason she had begged Mother for years to have another girl when she was younger.
“Maybe you should get married soon – then I won’t be outnumbered all the time,” she said. “You want an Indian born and based or just an American-raised? Or maybe just a full fledged American?” She asked.  Jagan rolled his eyes at her.    
“Yes, dear, which would you like?” Mother asked.
“What I would like is to know what’s for dessert,” Jagan said shoving rice into his mouth. 
“Well, if you get married, it’d be much better than whatever we can offer you,” Raja replied reaching across the table to pinch his cheek.  Gopal, who had been sipping his wine, laughed so hard it came spewing out of his nose.  Relieved the heat was off her, and her cultural negligence, Somila began giggling.  
“Poor thing, he doesn’t know which he wants.  Don’t worry we will help you, dear.” 
Mother’s voice caused them all to howl with delight.  Jagan tossed down his napkin and fled from the table.  They roared with mirth.  She was glad that the subject had been avoided for yet another time.         
***
In the silence after dinner, Somila helped her mother load the dishwasher.  Her father’s soft snores over the low murmur of the T.V. were reassuring.  He loved cable but could never stay up to watch it on a full stomach.  She clicked the dishwasher handle in place and dried her hands on a dishtowel.  
“Mother?”
“Hmm?” 
Mother was back in front of her plants again.  
“Do women in India want boys more than girls?”  
Somila leaned her back against the counter.  Mother straightened over a plant and glanced at her.
“At one time, maybe dear, but I think that’s changing.” 
Somila frowned.  
“But Mother, that’s not what I’m asking.” 
She crossed her arms over her chest and knew her chin was sticking up.  She couldn’t help it.  She hated being the youngest.  No one ever told her anything.   Mother was reliable if hounded. 
“Somila – I am very tired after a long day cooking. Please, let’s talk about this another time?”  
Mother stretched her back and yawned.  
Somila hit the top of the counter in frustration because Mother was avoiding her gaze.  Someone stirred in the living room.  Jagan emerged in the kitchen a second later.  Somila leaned back on the counter and crossed her ankles.  
“You done cleaning up?”  
Somila avoided looking at Mother.  
“Jagan, you think that women in India would rather have boys than girls?”
He was looking around as if hoping the cupboards would open up and enclose his lean body. From the living room they all heard the creek of Father’s armchair.  Somila stood away from the counter.  Father strode into the kitchen rubbing his face before coming to a stop next to Mother.  He put out an arm.  Somila realized Mother’s body was trembling. 
“What is everyone doing in here?”  
No one offered an explanation.  
“Somila?”
“Father, I was asking if it’s true women in India don’t want girl babies,” she said.
“Why would you think that?” Father’s tone was even and measured.  
“Well, that’s what my teacher wants us to think. She’s telling my whole class that and I’m the only Indian! Everyone thinks we’re barbaric and sexist. I keep telling them our family is different but no one believes me!” 
She looked him in the eye since he was the only one that would acknowledge her.  
“I told her we would talk about this later,” Mother said, laying her hand on Father’s arm.  He nodded.  Somila gritted her teeth; maybe her family wasn’t as enlightened as she thought.  Maybe they were part of the Indian herd... The verdict had been given.  All she could do now was wait until Mother was ready.  
***
Reading in her room, Somila felt a sinking sensation in her stomach.  
“Somila?” Mother’s voice.  
“Yes?” 
“How are you?” She quivered in the doorway.  
Her mascara was tracked down both sides of her nose in little rivulets.  The peach blouse that had looked so crisp and fresh at the start of dinner now was drooping under the arms.  A few buttons had come open at the base of her throat and Somila saw a large stain on the middle of her black skirt.  Somila had never seen a stain on Mother’s clothing. 
Somila sat up and tossed the book down.  “Are you okay?”
Mother sighed. 
“Did something happen?” She asked and didn’t relax until Mother shook her head.  Somila eased back down onto the bed from her sitting position. Mother perched on the edge of the desk chair.
“Sommie – you must understand.  I was only fifteen when I married Father.”
“Okay.” 
“Fifteen. Do you remember what you were doing at fifteen?”
“Taking driver’s ed.” 
“Yes. Yes, taking driver’s education.  At the same time you were learning to stop at a red light, you know what I was doing? Learning how to be a wife.  It’s a different world, sweetie.”
A horrifying thought occurred to her.  “Mother, are you saying it’s time for me to get married?” 
A confused look crossed Mother’s face. “What? No. You’re only eighteen.”   
“I know, but you said you were married at fifteen!” 
Mother laughed. “No, no. That’s not what I was going to talk to you about.”  
“Whew,” Somila’s sigh was heartfelt.  One never knew with Indian parents. It had happened to an older friend of hers.  One day during her sophomore year her parents showed up with a bride groom.  
 “I want to tell you about something else. You’ve never met your grandparents; you don’t know the influence they had on us, on Father.  India is different.  You have to go there in order to know.”
There.  There it was. The one bone everyone in the family had to pick with her.  Teasing always, but she knew it was there underneath. The knowledge she was denied because of her failure to make the pilgrimage.
“We lived in a hut the size of your car.  The first five years we were married, we shared a room with your grandmother and grandfather.  They watched everything we did, while Father was in school, I had to do her every bidding.” 
“I loved that baby, Somila. I wanted it. I didn’t care if it was a boy or a girl.  But she found out that I was pregnant, heard Father and I whispering at night, after we thought they were asleep.  It was weeks before we were sure.  Only six months after we were married.  One day while Father was away at school, and Grandfather was out, she took me.  We went to the market to get vegetables for dinner.  Along the way she wanted to see a friend.  The friend turned out to be a doctor.  A doctor who could tell me if the baby was healthy. ‘Just check to see if it is healthy,’ she said.  Like a fool I believed her.  After that, we knew, in a matter of minutes, we knew.  And I should have known there was no way to leave there with a girl child in my belly.”
Silence grew, stretched taut between them.  Somila knew she should say something to sop up the raw wound in her Mother’s voice.  But she couldn’t remember how to make a sound. 
“After that, when Jagan was born, I felt relief.  I thought it would end with one boy.  But she still wanted to know, every time after, she made me go. ’Just to be safe.’ By the time Raja came we had finally moved into our own place, two days journey from them.  That was how you came to be born.  You were safe.  We protected you.”  Mother’s eyes were filmed over, her hands clenched in her lap.  “It was what everyone did those days and I couldn’t have borne the shame of being different.”  
Somila turned over, was lying on her stomach, fistfuls of sheet wrapped in her fingers.  She tried to imagine living in a space the size of her Volvo and shuddered.  She thought of her mother in the pictures of her wedding album. The camera had captured the frozen gaze of a young girl, the black and white film enhancing her large black pupils.  Her groom was seated beside her; he wasn’t looking at the camera but turned away and talking to a relative. She envisioned her grandmother, the stern face she had seen only in pictures, leading her mother to the clinic.  She pictured the disappointment on her grandmother’s masculine features, the eyes pinched with the failure of her daughter-in-law’s womb.  
  It’s true, she thought.  It’s true.  Every word that woman wrote, is true.  Mother saved me.  She saved me.  In the silence, she could hear her every heartbeat, the blood rushing in her ears.  
Mother rose to go. Somila stretched out her hand and caught the edge of her mother’s skirt.  
She took her mother’s hand.  

Exposure
“Exposure” was first published in the literary journal Cooweescoowee Rogers’ State University. 2007: 7

Jagadee crept to her car, a timid step.  The key was a talisman, stretched out before her, warding off evil. 
Once inside, she slid its metal ridges into the slot, hearing it settle, turning it to listen for the engine.  She turned her lights on even though it was an hour away from dusk.  Her head rose to the steering wheel with the aid of two pillows, plumping up her four foot ten inch frame, her doe-eyes hovered in the mirror.  
Drive. Just as the instructor had barked, she pulled the gear shaft until it rested next to the menacing glow of the D.  Eyes focused, framed by spectacles, hands anchored to the wheel, foot rising off the brake.  The car slipped forward.  
She pulled the car through connecting spaces, until its nose was pointing in the direction of her next destination.  Even after two months of practice, she still circled the parking lot until a suitable space was open – waiting sometimes up to an hour, for an opening where she could squeeze across two vertical empty spaces.  This was how she had combated the need to reverse before the long ride home.  
She inched up to the exit, waiting for a clear road, relieved no one lurked behind her.  The pressure of turning was overwhelming enough without the added threats and fist shaking. 
There! NOW! She swung into the right lane.  Jagadee drove the five miles home the same way she drove to work – her fingers dug into the rubber of the steering wheel, curled like Cs.  Five miles!  It was disconcerting to drive without the tinkling of cattle and bicycle bells, the horns flaring periodically as if in reassurance that yes, everyone was in everyone’s way after all. 
Here, the symmetry of the white lines separated everyone, secluding them from each other.  She knew she had nothing in common with those that were hurtling down the strip, constrained by their capsules, trapped in the silence.  At night it was even worse.  Without light, even their outlines were blurred, so she was certain only of herself.  
She continued crawling down the road, one timorous foot perched on the gas.  The emptiness of the horizon struck her vision like an ache. 
 Longings to fill it with teenagers on scooters, madcaps with their lives on two wheels, somnolent children perched on the rear wheels of bikes, their mouths yawning open in tiredness while adults peddled furiously onward, swirling in the midst of buses.  Not empty buses ponderously driving around the city, but full buses, squashed full.  Full of so many that the most desperate men rode by dangling outside, hands latched to a pole or window frame, feet tilting on the bottom entrance step. 
Red. Her sentinel foot shifted to the brake and stomped. With the car’s motion halted the pads of Jagadee’s fingers momentarily rested on the rubber.  Green.  Her foot tapped the accelerator. Home.  It loomed to her right, a catacomb of identical interconnected units, sterile and solid, stretching as far as she could see.  
Private.
Alone.
Jagadee had hated living where everyone knew her comings and goings, monitored the distance between her blouse and her petticoat.  Yet how was it that now she missed those daily inquiries, saw them as tender, caring?  Here she could hear her neighbors shuffling about behind the apartment wall– but she knew nothing about them.  She had never seen their faces, only heard voices, distant and murmuring, filled in with the raucous laughter of the T.V.   For all she knew, they had left long ago and forgotten to take or unplug their T.V. and it was those sounds she was hearing, not the voices of actual people. 
There it gleamed, number 161, 162.  She coasted into the complex’s parking lot, at ease because she knew her spaces.  Only a hundred dollars and it was a small price to pay to alleviate her tension, assuring her that the spaces would be clear.  Jagadee thrust the gear to P.  The harness came off her shoulder; she straightened, reached her purse, and reached for the door handle. 
It was a moment before Jagadee saw him; she first caught his reflection in the side mirror.  A man, tall as her car, stood next to her.  She smiled uncertainly, knowing that sometimes these Americans had strange means of politeness. Nighttime seemed to be their preferred time for socialization.  The man greeted her smile with a stretched smile of his own, lips extending to reveal two rows of teeth. Hand on the door, she hesitated. Remember; always be careful of a man, Amma’s words lingered in her ear, the night she became a woman.  He has ways you will never understand – and cannot.
But Amma, there is a man outside my car! What do I do now? Her Amma, even in life, would never have understood her predicament, would never have pictured her daughter, driving, living alone, and working in America. 
Jagadee took a deep breath and prepared to get out, her hand flirting toward the handle.  Her eyes grazed him again, this time to discover he was closer, looming.  Gratitude filled her for motion locks.
Rapidly, he moved his hands jerked open the top of his pants, the zipper flying.  Horrified, her eyes were caught.  Jagadee’s hands clutched.  Outside, he continued, baring, white and exposed, titling toward the window, brushing against it. She wheezed, hating the car’s confinement, yet thankful for its barrier.  
Her fingers fluttered, leaving their perch to trail about, seeking escape, flittering like trapped birds.  Nails brushed the center of the steering wheel then the finger tips punched with decidedness what they already knew, but her brain, could not, would not. The horn’s shriek erupted, her fingers pressed again and again, sounding the plea of a wounded animal.  The figure started, drew back, and fled.  
Across from her a door opened, a head peered through the entrance.  As abruptly as her salvation began it ended.  Her fingers flapped downward, came to rest in her lap.  Two figures approached, exiting from the doorway next to hers.  They hovered at her side, she leapt from the car.  
“Having trouble with your alarm?”  
A woman—tall, blonde, in blue jeans and a sweatshirt. A man next to her, equally tall, dressed to match. Jagadee blinked, clutching her purse, unsure yet more certain than ever before.
“No. No. A man. He…” She flushed. How did one speak of these things? 
The woman’s eyes narrowed, her lips tightening. 
“Honey, I think something happened.” The blonde touched her companion’s arm, her eyes assessing Jagadee’s trembling frame.
“Yes. Yes.” Jagadee nodded, flushing. 
“What happened ma’am?” 
Jagadee flushed again, her eyes refused to meet his. She couldn’t say in front of him. At home, even to admit what happened, would cast doubts onto her reputation. What was she doing out so late at night? And why was she alone? A million questions she couldn’t answer appropriately.
“Honey.”  The woman patted his arm.  
“Well, he didn’t – hurt you? As long as you’re okay.”
“I’m fine.” Jagadee, grateful for being spared sharing her humiliation, smiled. 
Peggy smiled back. 
“We’ve been meaning to introduce ourselves, I’m Peggy and this is Tom.  We live next to you.”
They were real people after all; she wasn’t alone, living next to reruns of Green Acres. 
“It is a pleasure to meet you.” Jagadee’s voice was calm in its softness.  She offered her hand, gripping Peggy’s, hesitating at Tom’s, but then his as well.
Peggy smiled, and there was silence.
“I’m sorry this happened.  What a terrible way for us to meet.” Her blue eyes showed concern. 
Jagadee nodded.  
“Are you okay?” Tom’s brow creased in the middle.  He seemed just as uncomfortable as she was.  He kept shifting from foot to foot.  She was surprised by his unease. She thought all American men loud, strong, and full of confidence.
Although you will never understand a man, remember you always have yourself.  My mother told me that for a woman, her only hope is her husband. She was wrong.  The world is changing, Jagatheswari, and you must change with it.  Don’t be like me, old and foolish, dying here two miles from where I was born. 
Amma’s words caused great confusion at the time.  Confusion and pain added to the heartbreak of seeing her mother waste away.  Having to leave her mother’s funeral pyre was the most difficult thing she had ever done.  But she knew it was the way to honor her mother.  She hadn’t given in to cousins and uncles who had countless prospective bridegrooms from the neighborhood.  She packed a new Samsonite suitcase and made for the farthest site from her Bombay home.  She landed here.  Exposed to experiences that made every day so different from the rituals of Bombay. And she survived, didn’t she?
Tom cleared his throat and rubbed the back of his neck. 
Jagadee smiled, this time certain, sure.  
“Yes, I am fine. Perhaps sometime I will call you for tea.” She smiled at them. Peggy nodded and gave her arm a squeeze. It was the first time she remembered anyone touching her since her mother’s final grip, her chest burned with a strange emotion. Jagadee crossed away from them, walking, her shoulders taut but hoisted.
She remembered the eyes of her family watching her as she boarded the bus. Once seated on the bus she had fought the urge to turn around. When you leave here, do not come back.  This family has nothing to offer you.  Over time, Amma’s voice lost its bitterness in her memory.  She had wanted strange things for her daughter; her daughter was never to live under someone else’s roof as a daughter-in-law.  Amma forbid Jagadee from marrying anyone who wanted to live with his parents.  She wanted freedom for her daughter— life apart from an imposing mother-in-law, a world where her daughter would not have to live on charity after her husband’s death.  
As she slid her key into the lock, she heard Tom’s voice murmur behind her. “Should we call the police?” 
“He can’t be around anywhere. He saw her, tiny and foreign and decided to take advantage.  He wasn’t counting on her making noise.  Maybe he thought he’d scare her.  She’s tough though, tougher than she looks.”  Jagadee heard Peggy chuckle.  
Tough? She entered her apartment, startled by her own gaze in the hallway mirror.  Her wide eyes had a certain glint in them—a glint she remembered her mother having during fights with relatives.  Her shoulders weren’t drooping, pulled by an invisible thread toward the ground, but rather straight and emphasizing her trim torso.  She was arrested by the image of the woman in the mirror - a woman who looked like she knew what she was doing.  Tough? Yes, tough. 
Oh Amma! Jagadee thought, placing her keys on the hook and surveying her living room.  I will make it here yet!! 

Weeds

“It’s gotten completely out of hand.  Completely.  It’s everywhere!”  The argument was on, started again by his wife’s plaintive pleas, not to be finished until he had satisfied her.
“Hmmm.”  
He turned the next page of Section A, wanting to find out what had happened to the child who fell in the well.  Why did American papers do this?  Even after a month, he was still bewildered by their display of violent information.  The Indian custom of covering up hurt, pretending not to be disturbed by it, was of no value here.  Rather, it seemed expected to announce a family’s shortcomings publicly, and the more that heard, the better.  Strange.  And another thing, why did the paper always tease you, offering the best part on the cover, but holding out crucial details until the TO BE CONTINUED page?  And why did he unfailingly continue?
“Sun…Sundar. SUNDAR!”  She delivered the last while snatching away the stainless steel plate underneath his paper and placing it on the bar. 
“Mythraie, what is it?”  He said automatically, barely listening.  Apparently the child had been attended by a negligent babysitter when she had pulled away the grate to the old well.
“You must do something about the grass – I won’t have it anymore.  You know we have already received one notice from the neighborhood committee!  Do you want our house to be put to shame?”  She was close to tears, the corners of her mouth drooping, and the edge of her sari trailing the ground.
He sighed, placing the paper down, and folded his hands on his stomach while observing his mournful wife.  The complaints about the grass had followed on the heels of their move into the neighborhood.  Between settling the children into schools and moving in the furniture there hadn’t been time to allot to extraneous details like the grass.  But now, a month later, the waist-high weeds could no longer be ignored.
“Mythraie, calm down.  There will be no shame brought to this family.  Take it easy okay?”  He walked to the window and peered out.  Sure enough there it was, waving back and forth in the Florida breeze: grass.  Grass mystified him; he didn’t know where it came from or what the point of it was.  He did know that a lush carpet of green announced every house on the street—no, in the neighborhood.  Saturday mornings, while he walked out to fetch the paper at the end of the drive, he observed youths, young teenage boys, out working on these green carpets with all sorts of machinery and tools.  Huge scissors to cut trees with, mini tractors they rode up and down, big rakes to pile all the shavings.  It was a strange practice, this growing something just to cut it.  And now his wife wanted him to participate in this mystifying American hobby.
She was standing beside him now, mournfully straightening the dishes in the drying rack, glancing occasionally at the green sea before them.  There was the rumble, the odd but now familiar sound of a machine close by, greedily eating up the tender shoots beneath its blades.  His wife’s face perked up as they both leaned forward to see a man, riding on the mini tractor, plowing his field next door.
“Go and ask him,” she turned her face full of hope.
“Ask him what?” Sundar replied, his eyebrows rising.
“Ask him what to do with our grass!”
So this was how he found himself, on a fine Saturday morning, walking out of his house, down the driveway, into this neighbor’s territory rather than seated at the table reading the story of little Jenny McGill and the lawsuit against her negligent babysitter.  Having reached the edge of his neighbor’s lawn, Sundar stopped and observed the newly clipped grass.  It was neatly shorn, the blades no higher than his toes, and its reek was worse than any Calcutta street.  It was amazing how this green stuff could smell; there were no cows lazily wandering the streets, not goats being herded through traffic by little boys with twigs, and yet the little newly clipped shreds of green managed to emit an odor fierce and offensive to Sundar’s nostrils.  It wasn’t dung exactly, more like the odor of warm cow patties laid on roofs to congeal and dry, decimating their stench throughout the neighborhood.  
“Hey, hey, get off the grass!”  Here came the owner of the masterpiece, striding toward him from the garage, removing heavy gloves.  Alarmed by his fierce expression, Sundar stumbled backwards in his sandals.  As he stood beside him, his neighbor’s expression relaxed somewhat, but tension still showed in the fine lines surrounding his eyes.  
“I am very sorry. I was just admiring your grass.”
“Thanks.  She sure looks good don’t she?  Got to be careful though, walking on grass isn’t good for it,” his neighbor responded in a thick twang difficult for Sundar to follow.  There was a lull in the conversation, an awkward pause while Sundar cast about for something to say.  Mythraie had not prepared him for this moment.  He would be sure to thank her when he got home.
“Yes, well, I came to ask where you got your machine,” he said, spying it from the corner of his eye, sitting in the driveway.
“Machine?  What are you talking’ about?”  His neighbor’s blond eyebrows rose, and his head swiveled around, revealing hair that was longer in the back than the front.
What type of hair cut was this?
“Yes, your machine, the one you maintain your grass with,” Sundar indicated the mini tractor.
“Huh? My John Deere?  That’s from Home Depot.”
Sundar flushed hearing the slowed tones of his neighbor’s speech.  “Yes, well, thank you.”  He beat a hasty retreat, without waiting for a reply, backing away, smiling sheepishly to cover the anger mounting inside.  He swiveled around and marched back to the house, avoiding the sight of his wife’s head looming in the window, as she supposedly watered the plants.  She was to blame for his having to deal with this!
“What did he say?” She was at his side before he could even deposit his shoes inside the closet.
“He said he got it at Home Depot.”  Sundar was trying to control his anger at his wife for his humiliation.  “He offered no help.  I still have no idea what to do about the grass.”  His mood wrecked, he wandered around the living room, restless, the promise of the morning paper forgotten.
“Well, did you ask him?”
“No.  He upbraided me for standing upon his lawn.”
“Well, you still could have asked him.”
Sundar walked over until he was directly facing his wife.  Her brown eyes, fringed with thick lashes, were straining at him, pulling out the details of what he was hiding.  He had discovered this unnerving ability of hers the first week of their marriage, after his parents had given them their own room in the house.  Once inside their sanctuary, Mythraie was always able to signal to him with those eyes, and elicit from him an inquiry, after which whatever gross injustice she had fared at the hands of his mother came tumbling hurriedly out.  Now those eyes did it again, not wanting to be spared the truth, pleading with him to be honest.  
“He did not want to help.  No one here wants to help.  We are on our own.”  They turned away from each other, she to the kitchen while he remained standing in the middle of the living room.  It was a truth that had long been silent between them, unacknowledged, but present nonetheless.
The urge to fight gone, he listlessly walked over to the sliding glass door and stood in front of it; there were waist-high weeds in the backyard as well.  At least it was fenced in, Sundar reflected; no one could complain about what they couldn’t see.  He vaguely heard his wife shuffling around in the kitchen – probably turning her penetrating gaze back onto the front lawn.  There was just no recourse for him; he was at a loss.  Moving across the ocean, leaving his father on his deathbed and fleeing the grinding heat of India had been manageable.  But now, here, the rules were all different.  The immigration code that had allowed them to come had been straightforward enough.  They don’t tell you how to live after you get in this country, he reflected. They never tell you there are so many unspokens the air is full of them as the air is with dust and heat in Calcutta, weighing you down until you feel like wilting after one hour in the noon-day sun.  They just promise you a job, find you a house, and then leave you to figure it out yourself.
He heard the front door open.
“Hi Mom!”
“Mom, I made a book in school today!” The children were home.  This practice of sending children away without their parents was foreign to them, and they resisted at first, insisting that Meera and Shankar not go anywhere unattended.  But the company had convinced them that the best language school was too far to walk and not far enough to be bused, so Sundar and Mythraie had reluctantly allowed the children to go be taken to school by someone else.  It was an alien practice to them and every Saturday morning they stood at the window, watching the tips of their heads, barely visible in the backseat of the Toyota, as Donna cheerfully waved before backing away.  Donna Donavon was perfectly qualified, of course, a retired schoolteacher, living in the smallest house in the neighborhood and at sixty-five still energetic as ever.  She was supplied by the company to ensure Sundar’s happiness and productivity.  He always sighed heavily as the car drove out of sight and then began his own short walk to work.   Driving was not something he was ready to undertake, and so they had chosen this house to render it unnecessary.
“I hope they were not too much trouble.”  He heard Mythraie’s soft-spoken voice, the one she used with foreigners, laced with relief at their entrance into the house.
“Oh, no.  They’re great!  I wish my kids had been that well-behaved at that age!  It was a miracle if they were still for more than half a second!” Donna chattered easily, filling the silence.  
“Would you like coffee?”  Mythraie offered politely, as she did each day.  Donna never came in, but she always had an excuse, some reason she couldn’t.
“Well, no, I’ve got bridge tonight with friends, got to go freshen up you know.”
“Bye, Miss Donna!” “Thanks for the ride!”
“See you kids next week.”  There was a lingering pause, as the children tumbled into the foyer and then toward the kitchen in search of a snack.  Sundar ambled forward, sheepishly; time to pay her.
“Here you are madam.” He joined Mythraie at the door and offered her the crisp bills with a smile not completely reaching his eyes.
“Thank you kindly, Sir.” Her eyes had a twinkle as she folded the money and placed it in the opening of her enormous handbag.  “Well, see you later then.”  Donna turned, walking down the driveway, her white orthopedic shoes placed firmly at each step.
Sundar turned from the door, his hand placed on the knob to close it.
“No, no, we can ask her,” Mythraie said, placing her hand on his sleeve.  
“She’s an old woman – she will not know.  Besides, why get her involved?  This is our family, not hers.”  Sundar moved to close the door again, shaking off his wife’s hand, avoiding her eyes.
“Sundar, please.”  If it wasn’t her eyes it was her voice.  He heard it trembling, full of emotion, restrained because he hated any excessive displays.
“Mythraie, it’s no use, I do not think—“
She placed her hand on his shoulder and gave it a quick squeeze.  He sighed.
“Do not think she will be able to help,” he muttered, easing through the half-open door.
“This time, ask her if she knows someone who can take care of our grass!” Mythraie said her voice low and firm.
Donna was in the car, her wrinkled hand pulling at the seat belt as Sundar approached her.  Thankfully her engine was not on.
He cleared his throat and tapped on the window.  She rolled it down.
“Yes, madam, I must ask you a question.”
“Okay,” Donna said.  Her egg-shaped head, covered with curls, barely reached above the steering wheel.
“Yes, well, do you know how to cut grass?”
“Cut grass?”  She glanced at him and then her gaze fell past him to the lawn.  “Oh yes. Cut grass, mow the lawn.  Yes, yes I do.  You see, everybody uses a lawn mower.”
“Oh.” Sundar realized now why his neighbor was confused.  The machines were called mowers.
“Is yours broken?” Donna’s voice sounded uncertain, he knew he had to release the humiliating answer.
“No, no we do not have one.”
“Well now, that is a problem isn’t it?”  Donna surveyed him.  She gave the grass another encompassing glance.  He fought to keep his shoulders from slumping in defeat.  It wasn’t Mythraie’s fault.  She always believed the best about people, even perfect strangers. He tried to remind himself to assuage his pride and the bitterness welling in this throat.
“I tell you what, Sunndraw, today is your lucky day!  My nephew works on lawns for pocket money.  He’s coming over and I could just send him over here after he’s done.”
“He will know what to do with the grass?”  What was wrong with his voice?  
Sundar stood in amazement and listened to Donna’s promise of help.
“Oh honey, yes.  He’s been mowing my lawn since he was ten.  Back then that was with his Uncle’s help of course, but he sure knows what he’s doing.  If you can afford him that is,” Donna chuckled.
“We will pay, we can pay,” Sundar said recovering.
“Well that settles it then, when you see a tall gangly boy with red hair here— it’s Pete.  I’ll tell him to come up to the door and settle up with you before he gets started.”  
“Thank you, thank you.” 
 Sundar stood in the driveway and watched Donna start her car and then back out.  He turned slowly, as she drove to the stop sign and then around the curve, watching as he would in India, wishing the guest a safe journey.
“What did she say?” 
Sundar was startled by the sound of Mythraie’s voice, so near him.  She was standing next to him, her eyes watching, still retaining a drop of hope.  He took her in—short, her head reaching only his shoulder, her small hands, delicate like the rest of her, her waist-length braid neatly plaited and shiny with coconut oil.
“She said she would send her nephew to come this afternoon!”  
He reached out to grasp her hand, quickly squeezing it as he saw the joy flow into her smile.
“Oh Sundar, that is so wonderful!”  
She squeezed his hand in return, shyly.  But her voice was soft, its warmth like the ghee they ate with everything.  Sundar thought of the advertisements on television – the ones that proclaimed ten activities possible with one miraculous object and the announcer’s voice, “All this for $19.98!”  He smiled at this wife of his.  She was amazing, truly amazing.

Plates

In their box in the basement, the plates shivered. They couldn’t hear what was being said, but they felt the rap, rap, rap of her heels.  Their gold-rimmed edges tittered together.  Was it now their turn?  After years down here, shirking from the occasional mouse, and dampness seeping through the cement floor, they existed in relative safety.  As dark and damp as it was, they knew it was worse above.  In the box next to them, the broken teapot and shards of saucers served as reminders.  Through every new argument the plates waited in anxiety – knowing he could come down and find them – hoping the drooping corners of their box would not attract attention if he did.  
***
She took a breath and tried again. 
“What are we going to give them?”  Her voice trembled and she hated it because he detected weakness.  He looked up with a gleam of triumph.
“Anita, you're being unreasonable.”
Easy for him to say, he wasn’t the one they would blame. 
 “Tom, we have got to do something.  Jeffrey is getting married.”  
She didn’t say your only son or mention that he was likely to get an excellent gift—the most expensive item on his bride’s registry—from his real mother, Tom’s first wife. 
“Again,” her husband grunted. 
She resisted the urge to snatch the remote control from his lap and snap off the forty-eight inch Samsung that was her chief rival for his affection. Too late, she felt her other resource—tears— pricking the back of her throat, and the harbinger of manipulation, the first one, oozing from the corner of her eye. She had hated this weakness in her mother but watched them work magic on her father’s taciturn South Asian heart time and again. Apparently white men had more immunity. Anita took action.
“You want me to take care of it, honey?”  
Her face was a tiny oval over his shoulder as her hands kneaded his back. He exhaled.  
“Okay, babe.  Just give me a minute.” 
He rolled his neck and shoulders, flexing the loosened muscles. 
"They're registered at Williams Sonoma," she said. She put the lid back on the massage oil. Her skinny fingers circled the lip of the bottled. 
"At the mall?" He snorted at her nod and squinted when she opened her mouth to protest.  Standing, he pulled his shirt from the couch, slid his arms into the sleeveless holes, and walked toward the basement door. 
"Don't you have something in the basement we can give them?"
"Tom—" 
Wood smacking the doorframe drowned out her voice. 
***
The plates heard the heavy tread on the stairs and quivered.  He was coming. Reaching the end of the stairway there was a brief pause, then a pinging sound. The overhead lights.  His prowling around made them quail.  Next to them, beside the box of defeated saucers, stood the work bench, the epi-center of the basement.  They hated their proximity to the place of his focus, but there was little they could do about it.  His fingers drummed on the workbench. They quaked.  
What was he doing down here? In their collective memory there were only two reasons for him to come; dumping something off or finishing a project and neither involved the fingers drumming beside them.  
Then, he sighed, and the movement began. He gathered speed, opening the lids of boxes around them.  First he opened the washer and dryer who had never felt his breath on them.  He rummaged among the storage containers.  Closer, on the utility shelf, one above, then on below, where they sat. They braced themselves for his rude, blunt fingers. 
***
"Hey, babe, come look at this." He puffed as the basement door swung shut behind him, the tattered box in his grip. She came around the kitchen, hair pulled back by a clip, no stray wisps, wearing a white apron.
"You won't believe what I found." He placed the box on the coffee table with a faint tinkling sound.  He opened the damp edges of the top flaps to allow her to peer inside. 
"We can give them these!"  He held up a bone-white china plate, meaty fingers clamped over the gold-rimmed edge.
"My brother sent those from Vietnam." The dishtowel twisted back and forth in her hands.
He lowered the plate and frowned. "What does that have to do with anything?"
The rag wrung two more times.  "We can't give them those.  Sanjeev would be so upset.  He ordered them for us while in the brush." 
He grunted and used the edge of his shirt to wipe off the remaining dust. 
"It's not like we've used them. Hell, who else knows Sanjeev gave these to us? Jeffrey doesn't.  It's a great gift. There must be twelve plates in here." 
He unloaded the plates onto the coffee table, stacking them on top of each other.
“I think Sanjeev’s feelings would be really hurt if he knew I gave away his plates.”
Her husband cocked his head. 
“Well he doesn't have to know.”
The stacking continued until all the plates were out. 
“Don’t you think we should get them something new? I mean after our last gift to Jeffrey, don’t you think we owe him…” she trailed off as he picked up a plate and weighed it in both hands.
“It’s not my fault that bitch didn’t have a sense of humor. It’s a good thing he got rid of her.” 
The dish towel dropped to the floor.
“Either we give them these, or I get something else to give them. And if you thought what I got the last one was bad,” he winked, “You’ll love this.”
He balanced the bottom rim of the plate in his palms, curled his fingers around the outer edge and flipped it toward her. She clutched at it, catching it against her chest. He laughed.
“Good catch.”
***
The plates remembered being boxed in the Japanese warehouse, high on the seventh floor. They had been stinging from the day before when the Noritake emblem blackened their undersides in fine script.  Heaped on top of each other into the box, they settled in. The cool comfort of the box and the soft Styrofoam piled inside made their condition somewhat bearable.  They prepared themselves for a lifetime of service.  The voices around them chatted in Japanese, making the plates nervous.  Since coming down from the twelfth floor, they heard many a careless gesture result in shattering.  
They were unprepared for the jerky motion of the cart conveying them into the elevator and down to the first floor.  The spasmodic conveyor belts that led to their final departure point were another surprise.  They sighed with relief at the conscientious attendant who labeled them in both Japanese and English with reverent care.  They bore the address of their prospective owners with dignity and waited on the military transporter with patience.  Because they knew they were important.  Created to grace a table, they brought elegance to any occasion.  The massive quantities ordered by enlisted men from the bush were testimony to the fact that Americans knew a good thing when they saw it – even if it was dropped down to them in the middle of a war, in thin paper catalogues nestled inside boxes filled with ammo. 
At last, with the deafening whir of the military plane, they were off.  They tolerated the poking and prodding by the US Customs clerk, his inquisitive fingers invading their privacy.  They survived the surly postal clerk who staggered underneath their weight when delivering them to their new owner.
They were shocked to hear his voice say, "What the hell are we going to do with those? We already have tons of plates." 
Confident of her understanding their value, they waited, and she said, "Yes, dear. They really aren't our style, are they? It was lovely of Sanjeev to think of us. I hope he's safe." 
It took them a month to figure it out. The yelling, the slamming, the crying, made them glad to be in the basement tucked away from all harm.  Too valuable to be lost in a fit of rage, they waited.
***
"Geeta, we got to write a shedload of thank you notes," Jeffrey said taking in the mountain of gifts his mother had brought over after the wedding.
She looked into his eyes and laughed, then laid a hand on his cheek, the contrast between their skins something that reminded him he was following in his father’s footsteps. His dad seemed happier in his second marriage to Anita, his quiet, conscientious Stepmother who had introduced him to Geeta.  
"Don't worry, we've got time. We can start with the ones we really like and save the others till later." She winked and pinched his cheek. He winked back and leaned in for a kiss. As their lips met, his tongue played around the corners of her mouth. 
"Oh no you don't, mister. Now I know why you didn't want to open these with our parents. We've stopped twice already." She pushed his shoulder. He sighed.
"Okay, okay. Which ones next chief?" 
"How's that one? It's the biggest one we got." 
"It's not the biggest you've got."
She blushed at his stare. 
He was amazed. This girl, this young thing, was his bride. He loved her.
"Let's see… To Jeffrey and Geeta, love Anita and Daddy."
He grimaced and tossed the card over his shoulder.  In the next entry of their thank-you list she noted his parents' names.
"We don't have to send them a thank-you note. I'm sure we'll hate it." He rubbed her arm.
Geeta shook her head. "Absolutely not. We are going to send everyone a note. Everyone. I mean everyone." She butted her forehead against his. He sighed.
He tore the thick ivory paper haphazardly, dreading that his dad hid something kinky inside that would make Geeta hate him forever. Remembering his dad's present the first time around, to Martha, a box full of studded leather clothing, made him sweat. How had he forgotten to get rid of this box before now?
His long fingers pulled at the box's flaps and paused. 
"A kiss, before we proceed." 
The pressure of her lips lessened his mounting nervousness. She complied, but it was a kiss that had a finite end. She pulled back the flaps. 
He mentally closed his eyes but flashed his teeth and reached into the box.  
"Careful," she whispered. A bone-white gold edged plate dangled from his fingers.
 She smoothed her hand over the plate's edges. Taking the plate from him, she laid it on the coffee table.  
"Would you look at that?" Where in the hell had his dad gotten that? Tom knew his mother had never been allowed to spend any money on gifts, a box in storage full of mother-made clothing a sore reminder of all of his birthdays.  
Geeta turned and pulled out each plate, placing them around the table, their edges touching, until they were all lined up.
"Wow."
They sat on their heels.
"We can have twelve people over for Thanksgiving this year."
He rolled over onto the carpet and groaned. 
"Honey, we've got to get a dining table first." 
"Details, details," she said. She crawled on her knees around the table and touched each rim. 
***
The plates tittered and preened in their new display cabinet, relishing their daily smiles from her.  Their surfaces gleamed for the first time since the factory line.  They looked forward to their new future. 
***
Sanjeev sat in his fox hole, the M-16 at his feet. A fresh box of ammo sat a hand’s breadth away, the night fire lighting up the sky in flashes. He had night duty. The others had helmets pulled low over their eyes and he could hear Robert's low mutter, the one they all envied because Robert fell asleep anytime anywhere.
A rough day all around; they'd made it through the brush only to hear machine gun exchanges all around them. A mirror company they were set to rendezvous with had been ambushed. They were on their own now. Thankfully the drop still went as planned—cases of ammo, much needed to restock.  The leaflets were a new thing, stuck against the wooden crates the thin paper made of rice ripped by the uneven surface.  He took one off, an incomplete piece of paper, translucent, but the black lettering legible in broken English: NORITAKE! CHEAP! CHEAP! Sanjeev made out the gold lip of a plate, the thin rim the highest point on the page. His mother would love those plates. 
The china cabinet in the living room had been a source of annoyance for Anita growing up. Every Thanksgiving his mother insisted on taking down the plates, a prepackaged Kmart set. It had been on sale the day after Thanksgiving in Anita's senior year of high school, the year she had worked forty hours a week at the Burger Barn in order to save for her college spending money. He remembered how she had come back from shopping the sales, her face shiny with sweat and her eyes glowing. 
"Look what I got Mom," she had whispered to Sanjeev. He had grunted and kicked at her, she was holding the edge of his blanket away from his toes. He managed to roll over, rub his eyes, and stare at a massive blue and white box, the sole decoration on it being a picture of a white plate with red, yellow, and orange flowers in a wild pattern where your food was supposed to go.  
"What the hell are those?" 
"Dishes! Now when the family comes over, we can eat at our house like we do at theirs." 
Sanjeev shivered. The mugginess of the night couldn't take away the sheen he caught in Anita's eyes that morning and he shivered again. She'd been so happy, his tired and worn sister, who'd uncomplainingly given him money every time he asked for it, even when he lied, said it was for lunch and used it to impress girls so they'd go out with him. All those years. He had never felt bad.
Anita. 
Their mother had died that year— the year of the dishes, the family meals never to be— of a cancer she had never told them about.  
There they were, he holding her arm, Anita pulling the sleeves of her tattered sweater down as they stood at the coffin. She never said a harsh word; just let the streams of well wishers, those who hated their mother during her life, pass by to murmur insincere platitudes. His sister had smiled and nodded, pressed their inquiring hands back with her own firm pressure.  
He had wilted under the unending line of townspeople, but her back never bent, her smile stayed fresh.
 A blue vein had stood out on her neck.
 He had counted her heartbeats.
NORITAKE.
Classy Japanese dishes. 
Sold to the army at a bargain, delivered to the mainland by military post. All a soldier had to do was pay domestic postage. 
Sanjeev lit a cigarette. 
She would love them.
#

About the Author

Mohanalakshmi Rajakumar is a South Asian American who has lived in Qatar since 2005. Moving to the Arabian Desert was fortuitous in many ways since this is where she met her husband, had two sons, and became a writer.  She has since published eight e-books, including a momoir for first time mothers, Mommy But Still Me; a guide for aspiring writers, So You Want to Sell a Million Copies; a short story collection, Coloured and Other Stories; and a novel about women’s friendships, Saving Peace. 
Her coming of age novel, An Unlikely Goddess, won the SheWrites New Novelist competition in 2011.
Her recent books have focused on various aspects of life in Qatar. From Dunes to Dior, named as a Best Indie book in 2013, is a collection of essays related to her experiences as a female South Asian American living in the Arabian Gulf. Love Comes Later was the winner of the Best Indie Book Award for Romance in 2013 and is a literary romance set in Qatar and London. The Dohmestics is an inside look into compound life, the day-to-day dynamics between housemaids and their employers.
After she joined the e-book revolution, Mohana dreams in plotlines. Learn more about her work on her website at www.mohadoha.com or follow her latest on Twitter: @moha_doha.
www.mohadoha.com 
@moha_doha
www.facebook.com/themohadoha









More books by Mohana
The Dohmestics 
“On the surface, it appears to be about six women whose lives intertwine, three are privileged women and three are their servants. But, there is so much more to this book.”
--Aya Walksfar

Edna, Amira, and Noof are neighbors but that doesn't mean they know what happens behind closed doors or that they have anything in common with their hired help. 

Maria, Maya, and Lillie live in the same compound as their employers but that's where the similarities begin and end. 

There's never a dull moment for anyone in this desert emirate. 

The unending gossip and unrelenting competition may be business as usual for expatriate communities but the unspoken secrets threaten to destroy life as everyone knows it.
http://www.amazon.com/The-Dohmestics-ebook/dp/B00AREGO36

Love Comes Later
Winner of the Best Indie Book Award 2013, Romance
Short listed for the New Talent Award, Festival of Romance 2012
 “Love Comes Later is about love, choices, culture, bigotry, family, tradition, religion, honesty, forgiveness and friendship, to name just a few. The story allows a Westerner to actually see and feel what it is like to be a Muslim, with strong family ties, living in Qatar.” 
--Diana Manos
Hind is granted a temporary reprieve from her impending marriage to Abdulla, her cousin. Little does anyone suspect that the presence of Sangita, her Indian roommate, may shake a carefully constructed future. Torn between loyalties to Hind and a growing attraction to Abdulla, Sangita must choose between friendship and love. 
http://www.amazon.com/Love-Comes-Later-ebook/dp/B008I4JJES

From Dunes to Dior
Winner of Indie Book of the Day September 2013
Witty, Intriguing and full of stories and curiosities worth reading.
 “Which country in the Middle East is safe and hip and quirky? How does an ex-pat survive in a world completely unlike anything they know? Mo is one of those rare joyful writers who will walk with you through these answers.” --Shariyousky
Called everything from the world's richest to fattest nation, Qatar has been on the breakneck path towards change for several decades. The capital city Doha, is where our family of three has lived since 2005.
http://www.amazon.com/From-Dunes-to-Dior-ebook/dp/B0083AJ294

Mommy But Still Me
Enjoyable, honest, very real and funny
 “… a funny and entertaining journal that takes you inside the upcoming changes of a working women who is about to embark in one of the most important journeys of her life: becoming a mum!” --Alejandra
Imagine a man volunteering to trade in his game nights for heart burn and back ache. Good thing there are women around to ensure the survival of the species. This hilarious look at the journey from high heels to high blood pressure, as a jet setter turns into a bed wetter, is what your doctor won't tell you and your own mother may have forgotten in the years since she was blessed by your arrival.
http://www.amazon.com/Mommy-but-Still-Me-ebook/dp/B0069D1XPS
So, You Want to Sell a Million Copies?
Helpful, informative guide every author needs!
 “This book is such a helpful guide and is chockfull of tips, exercises, humor, and practical advice for any writer, whether you are just starting out or finding yourself consumed with the minutiae of daily living and looking for a way to get your ideas down into some form of structure.”  --Rachel Thompson

If you've had a story idea in your head for a day, year, (or longer) that it doesn't seem to be writing itself, you may want to take a closer look at this book. Designed as a concise guide for aspiring writers, you'll find here the key principles of how to get started, keep going, and finish a manuscript, all told by a fellow accidental writer who took the long way developing a writer's formula.
http://www.amazon.com/Want-Sell-Million-Copies-ebook/dp/B005XNIX1W
Coloured and Other Stories
5.0 out of 5 stars Brilliant short stories
 “The stories in Coloured are instantly absorbing- which is a triumph with short stories where the writer only has a limited number of pages to win you over.”
--Phoebe
What's it like being the ant in the ice cream? The characters in this short story collection will show you. Experience life as they know it as transplants from across the world into American suburbia. 
http://www.amazon.com/Coloured-and-Other-Stories-ebook/dp/B005QRPDP4
An Unlikely Goddess, Winner of the SheWrites New Novelist Award 2011
4.5 out of 5 stars 
“When a title fits the book in every way with everything within the tale, its like the sprinkles on top of a cake” --Cabin Goddess
Sita is the firstborn, but since she is a female child, her birth makes life difficult for her mother who is expected to produce a son. From the start, Sita finds herself in a culture hostile to her, but her irrepressible personality won’t be subdued. Born in India, she immigrates as a toddler to the U.S. with her parents after the birth of her much anticipated younger brother.  Sita shifts between the vastly different worlds of her WASP dominated school and her father’s insular traditional home. Her journey takes us beneath tales of successful middle class Indians who immigrated to the U.S. in the 1980s. The gap between positive stereotypes of South Asian immigrants and the reality of Sita's family, who are struggling to stay above the poverty line is a relatively new theme for Indian literature in English. 

Sita's struggles to be American and yet herself, take us deeper into understanding the dilemmas of first generation children, and how religion and culture define women.



Saving Peace
4 out of 5 stars
“I do not know whether to laugh, cry or throw my Kindle because of how this book ended.”  --Suzie Welker
You go to college to meet your bridesmaids," or so the saying goes in North Carolina, on the campus of the all female Peace College.  But what happens when the friends you thought you were making for life, betray you? The same ones you'd be in the retirement home with aren't speaking not ten years later?  The ups and downs of women's friendships are tested in SAVING PEACE. Thirty years intervene in the friendships begun at the all female Peace College. 

Sib, the local news anchor with dreams of going national. Mary Beth, the capable, restless mother of three. Kim, the college president who admits male students. 
SAVING PEACE is the story of promises made and broken, love found then lost, and redemption sought for the past. Three women. Two choices. One campus. 

What if there's nothing worth saving?
http://www.amazon.com/Saving-Peace-Mohanalakshmi-Rajakumar-ebook/dp/B006VIOZ1A

Excerpt from the award-winning An Unlikely Goddess. 
An Unlikely Goddess 
By
Mohanalakshmi Rajakumar

…The Hindu goddess, Sita, is said to have been born from the Earth. 
King Janaka discovers the beautiful infant and in her beauty, believes in her divinity. He raises her as his own daughter…… 

Prologue
Unlike her namesake, Sita's first mistake was being born. 
A girl, her mother thought, eyes dark in abject terror. What if she leaves me? She swallowed, increasing the dryness in her post-delivery mouth, the stiches across her abdomen itching. No water. Only ice chips until her bowels passed the tests. Mythili pressed back against the pillows. She closed her eyes, pushing her fingers into the sockets until the darkness was punctuated by bone-white stars. She wished she could as easily tune out the gurgles of the baby in the bassinet beside her.
Yet, premature and unwanted, Sita was obliviously happy to enter the world, beaming her infant smile at anyone or anything she saw: the nurse, her aunt, her mother's back, the noxiously-pink cement walls of the Madras hospital in which she found herself. Several pounds underweight, she was otherwise fine—a petite, brown-skinned baby with tufts of black hair crowning a smooth scalp. How could she be expected to know that from her first breath she was, and always would be, a living reminder of her mother’s failure to produce a first-born male heir? 
Though swaddled and placed in the bassinet immediately after delivery, her eyes were alive with motion. She blinked up at the faces of passersby, but they were admittedly few, so instead, she followed the blinking lights, the creeping shadows and the occasional appearance of a nurse. Everything about the world kept her busy with delight until sleep washed over her little body 
 “Look at that smile,” the young nurse said, cradling Sita against her flat bosom. 
“Aamam,” Priya, the childless aunt, agreed, rubbing a forefinger across the baby’s somewhat wrinkly face. 
Instead of replying, Mythili, Sita’s mother, pulled a see-through blue sheet up to her chin and turned her face away.
“Vaa ma,” Priya said, lovingly reclaiming the baby from the nurse’s professional arms. “See, see?" Priya urged Mythili, her sister-in-law. "Look at her, the sweet little one. You can’t be sad.”
But the words missed their mark; Mythili's eyes remained secluded behind veined eyelids.
Days passed. Baby Sita’s bold smile stretched open across her toothless mouth. She laughed at everyone and everything. If she could have, she would have sat up, gripping the edges of her glass bassinet, and, without blinking, taken in every sight and sound of the overcrowded maternity unit she sensed beyond the swinging door of her mother’s private room. She would have craned her head to peer at the nurses in their worn cotton saris, scurrying around the male doctors whose sweat-dampened lab coats testified to the scathing Madras summer heat. 
Instead, she made do—a trait she would need sooner than anyone knew—by shifting her head left, then right, straining to see what she could against the limits of her peripheral vision.




