

A short story collection by
Josh Langston

2nd Smashwords Edition

Published by
Janda Books on Smashwords

Emily's Touch
~*~
Gods!
~*~
Choosing for Paul
~*~
Night Warrior's Last Stand
~*~
Mail-Order Mage
~*~
Comfort Food
~*~
Excerpt from
A Little Primitive
~*~
All fiction
Copyright 2011 by Josh Langston

Cover art
Copyright 2011 by Tatiana Popova/Shutterstock.com

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

These are works of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
mys·fit [mys-fit]

mys·fit [mys-fit] noun, verb 1. to fit badly due to mysterious causes. 2. something that fits badly at odd times, as a garment that is suddenly too large or too small. 3. a person who, for mysterious reasons, is not suited for or is unable to adjust to the circumstances of his or her particular situation: a mysfit in one's job.
This definition is, of course, entirely fabricated. But it's not without merit. See if you don't agree by the time you finish these six tales. Potentially explicative quotations are included for your consideration. Some may even make sense....
Enjoy!

--Josh Langston
 
~*~


"Respect the child. Wait and see the new
product of Nature." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson


Emily knew the tall one with the good smell would leave her again. The tall one touched her mouth against Emily's, squeezed her, then went away.
As always, another tall one moved her through the small ones and left her by herself, but by then Emily had done everything she could to seal herself in. Sounds no longer tore at her ears. Colors no longer blinded her, and the unrelenting motion of the small ones around her no longer mattered. Even smells were blotted out as one after another she closed the places where the bad came through.
She couldn't shut everything down without hurting herself, so she let a little of it in. Sometimes what she saw, or heard, or felt, wasn't completely bad--sometimes it didn't hurt. Usually she could wait until the tall one with the good smell returned, but today was different. Today she felt a new hurt. A small one beside her did it, and made noise, too.
Emily closed her eyes, but the sound and pain came through anyway. The noise grew louder, and she felt one last bump before the small one dropped an object in front of her and went away.
Emily looked down at it--a small black crawl thing, alive, but wrong. She could only bear listening briefly to its pain. Irresistibly drawn to it, she cradled the nearly weightless creature, and let her mind explore its suffering.
Her touchers burned with energy as she pressed lightly on a damaged limb and probed for the hurt place. When she found it, a churning mass of tattered neon burst into her mind. And then another. And still more. She focused on each of the swirling shapes in turn. As she concentrated, they moved less and less. Eventually the motion subsided and the shapes collapsed into a knotted mass which she began to sort: pushing, pulling, smoothing, sometimes molding. She restored order, easing bruised tissues in response to their torment, applying mental pressure first here, then there, then here again, until the small thing's hurt disappeared.
When she had resolved its pain, Emily lowered her hands and opened them. The creature stayed with her for a moment and then went away. Emily felt warm inside. The places where the bad came through were easier to ignore when she could soothe the pain of others. Though weary from the effort, she marked the moment, singing quietly: making the sounds for safe and soft and good. She made the sounds over and over because it felt right.
The tall one who had moved her earlier reappeared at her side. In response, Emily began to shut herself down again. She stopped making her sounds and concentrated on closing out everything else. It worked. The tall one went away.

~*~

The daycare worker stood beside a cinder block wall covered with children's artwork. She smiled as Madeline arrived to pick up Emily. "You won't believe what your little girl did today!"
Madeline instantly went on guard. "What?"
The teacher beamed. "She was holding something and rocking back and forth. I couldn't see what it was, but she seemed okay so I didn't try to take it from her. When she finally opened her hands, a cricket hopped out. Can you imagine?"
Madeline tried to act surprised. "I should think you'd be concerned about the children in your care playing with insects."
The teacher nodded. "I suppose it sounds horrible if you think of it that way, but there's more. After she let it go, she began to make noises. I'm convinced she was trying to tell us something. Aren't you thrilled? It's progress!"
Madeline stuffed Emily into a pink, hooded parka and zipped her inside. "I used to have thoughts like that, too." Brushing against a chain of paper links framing a bulletin board populated with cut-out snowmen, Madeline blinked back a tear. Unlike the other five- and six-year olds in the class, Emily would never have any artwork of her own to display or bring home.
The teacher frowned. "Have you taken her to a specialist?"
"Too many. Some say she's retarded. Some say she's autistic. Some say..." Madeline shrugged. "I finally realized it doesn't matter what any of them say. none of them really knows." She didn't add that once they learned of Emily's strange talent, they ceased to care about her disabilities.
The teacher pursed her lips and shook her head. "She's such a beautiful child. It just doesn't seem--" 
"Fair?" Madeline sighed. "I'm resigned to her future."
"I'm sorry. I know it must be difficult for you."
Madeline smiled. The woman had come too close to detecting Emily's gift, and once she knew, it wouldn't be long before word got out that the little healer had been found. Madeline couldn't risk that. It was time to find another place to live. Again.

~*~

No one repaired street lights in her part of town, so the walk to the apartment was cold and dark. The drizzle hadn't let up all day. Madeline clasped Emily to her side, exhausted in advance by thoughts of the impending move. The song served as a warning. Emily had used her unique talents and, as usual, sent her signal.
Madeline recalled the first time--the day Richard found a baby bird with a broken wing, and showed it to Emily. When she reached for it, they were so excited they allowed her to hold the tiny creature even though it was injured. Madeline still tingled at the memory.
Emily kept the bird next to her chest and rocked gently back and forth. Madeline feared it might be dead but Emily wouldn't let go. Then the child began to hum, something she'd never done before. To Madeline, the droning monotone was a symphony. 
They watched in awe as she released the tiny feathered ball. It hopped forward cautiously, then stretched its wings. Emily "sang" even louder. In her excitement, Madeline completely overlooked the fact Emily had somehow healed the creature. But Richard noticed.
He scooped up the bird and examined it, ignoring the animal's frantic chirps and feeble efforts to escape. Satisfied, he released it, then pulled a penknife from his pocket. After making a shallow cut in his arm, he sat down and pulled Emily into his lap. Once she was settled, he held his arm in front of her. 
Emily stared into the distance.
Richard pressed her hand to the cut and held it there. Soon, she touched it with her other hand, closed her eyes and rocked, just as she had with the bird. Richard smiled.
When she stopped rocking, he sat her on the stoop where she began to hum once again. Laughing, he gazed at the pink spot where the cut had been, then reached for Madeline and danced her around their tiny front yard crying, "We're gonna be rich!" 
Madeline tried to shake off the memory as she guided Emily up the stairs to their cold flat. The wind always seemed to pick up at dusk. She fumbled with her keys as Emily stared at her bulbous reflection in the doorknob. Madeline continued to think about Richard as they went inside and shut the door against the winter wind. The chill in her heart remained.
Later, with Emily asleep, Madeline curled up in a faded afghan on the musty-smelling sofa that came with the furnished apartment, and watched the news. They often displayed photos of missing children, and she didn't want to be caught unaware.
The lead story concerned a far-away war. Bosnia? Iraq? Someplace in Africa? There always seemed to be one somewhere, though she'd always been too busy to pay attention to who was doing the fighting, or why.
The murder trial of accused killer, Doak Holmes, captured half the local headlines and a municipal utility scandal grabbed the rest. She smiled at the irony of two stories on human waste.
With commercials droning in the background, Madeline thought about Emily, and how the system had failed her. Once anyone learned of her mysterious abilities, they seemed to lose interest in her as a child with problems of her own. 
Even Richard tried to capitalize on Emily's talent, bringing home friends and acquaintances who suffered from a variety of ailments. Their problems ranged from moderate to severe, and Emily ministered to each as long as she was able. Fatigue often caused her to fall asleep between patients.
On a good day, she could handle one serious illness or a handful of minor ones. Though she never had to treat a patient twice, she could never treat them all. Richard had tapped the mother lode of suffering, and it seemed that for every patient Emily helped, two more appeared. A line of them formed in front of the house before dawn and remained until Madeline put Emily to bed and Richard pronounced the Little Healer done for the day.
After a few months of it, Madeline had had enough. "It's got to stop. We have no idea what we're allowing Emily to come in contact with. How do we know she won't catch something?"
"I'd never allow her to touch someone who's contagious," he said. "You think I'm stupid?"
Madeline chose not to answer. "You tell people Emily can fix anything. You take money from them and expect her to make good on your promises. But what if she can't do it? What if somebody dies because they came to her instead of a doctor?"
"That's a choice they make for themselves. We don't force them. Besides, she's handled everything that's come along. Sure people pay money for her help, and they're damned glad to do it!"
"What about Emily? What's she supposed to get out of it?"
Richard stared at her. "She does her thing, and people are happy. What more do you want?"
"I want her to fix herself!"
"Well, I don't."
Madeline took a deep breath. "No. It's got to stop. Emily is officially out of the healing business."
"Just like that? You're crazy!"
"Look at her. She's exhausted! She's lost weight. For all I know, she could have some terrible disease."
"That's crap. She's retarded. She doesn't know what's going on. Does a cow think about the milk it gives?"
"Is that really how you think of her? Don't you care about how she feels, or if she might ever be happy?"
Richard's laughter had cut like a chainsaw. The next day Madeline took Emily and all the cash she could find, and left.

~*~

After years of scraping to get by, Madeline finished school and began doing medical transcriptions. The work was demanding, but she could choose her own hours and work from home. Emily's care would never again be in anyone else's hands.
Not content with mere freedom from a 9-to-5 job, Madeline continued to put in long hours and eventually saved enough to afford the down payment on a house in Parson's Grove, a little town three hours south of her native Atlanta. They celebrated Emily's fourteenth birthday in their new home. Madeline took her grocery shopping at the only store in town.
She heard the old shopkeeper wheeze as he followed them through the cramped store. She knew he wasn't worried about her honesty. The old guy was just lonely.
He smiled at Emily as he rang up the sale. "She's such a pretty thing." His dentures clicked as he spoke. "But she never smiles, never says a word. Is she sick or something?"
"No," Madeline said. "She's autistic. She doesn't speak."
"How 'bout that." He fit her groceries in a cardboard box as if he were assembling a puzzle. "My grandson is, too. He paints. Went to some big art school in Savannah."
Madeline kept her voice level. "She has a severe learning disorder. She doesn't relate to people well, or even speak."
The old man paused, a blank expression on his face. "She's retarded?"
"No! I mean, I don't think so."
His features reflected a moment of embarrassment before he turned to assess the slender girl. "She looks, you know...."
Madeline tossed the last few items into the box. "Normal? Yeah, I suppose." She signed a check and handed it to him as a police car sped past the building, its siren screaming.
Emily went rigid, her mouth, eyes, and fists clamped shut. 
"Oh, great," Madeline said as she stepped beside the girl and hugged her until she relaxed. "What that's all about?"
The old man patted a police scanner on the counter beside him. "Big ruckus out on I-16. It sounded like they had every trooper in the county out there. You didn't hear about it?"
She shook her head.
"Well, you'd best keep your doors locked until they get this mess straightened out. You got a gun?"
"What on Earth for?"
"Prison van overturned on the way to Reidsville--you know, where they keep the 'lectric chair? That Holmes fella they had up in Atlanta got away--the one that lost his last appeal?" The old man shook his head. "Just when he was gonna get what he deserved."
"When did it happen?"
"This morning. It's old news now, but every patrol car that comes through here has a siren goin' full blast." He smiled conspiratorially. "I'm ready if he comes here." He reached under the counter and retrieved an ancient sawed-off shotgun and a box of shells. The weapon had been splashed with green paint that matched the color of the store walls. The barrels bore as much rust as paint. "I've had this for years and never needed it. The missus used to fuss at me for keepin' it around."
Madeline backed away. "Can't say as I blame her."
He looked wistful. "I sure miss her. Say, you got family? I mean, aside from the girl?"
"No," Madeline said as she loaded the groceries in her van, yet the old man's question bothered her all the way home. Her mother died when Madeline was little. She had no brothers or sisters. As an adult, she'd never gotten along well with her father since he usually sided with Richard in arguments about Emily. She'd held onto that fact as a reason not to call.
She had sent him a card from time to time, but hadn't had the courage to phone him. If Richard ever caught up with her... She wouldn't allow herself to think about that. It was time to call, past time. Had she waited too long? Maybe, but why should she still be afraid? She was in charge of her life now. 
Though it had been years since she'd dialed it, she still remembered the number and prayed it hadn't changed. But then she heard a familiar voice, and it triggered an unexpected flood of relief. 
"Daddy?"
"Maddie? Maddie, honey, is that you?"
She'd always hated the nickname, but now it didn't sound so bad. Quite the opposite, in fact. "Yes, Daddy, it's me."
"Where are you? How are you? Thank God you called! I've missed you so much."
"I'm sorry it's been so long. I was afraid. Promise me you won't tell Richard I called. If--"
"He's dead, Maddie."
Everything around her turned to ice. "What?"
"It happened a few weeks after you left. Car wreck. He was drunk, the fool. I didn't know how to reach you!"
Madeline had to concentrate on holding the phone as her body went limp. She allowed herself to fold into a chair.
"Maddie? You still there?"
"Yeah. I'm just--" Richard? Dead? "I had no idea."
"So you can come home now, right?"
"I--"
"How's Emily?"
Her stomach tightened automatically, and she struggled to avoid sounding defensive. "She's fine. Bigger. You wouldn't recognize her. We've got a new life. How 'bout you, Dad?"
He coughed. "I'm... okay. So, when do you think you might be headed home?"
"I don't know. I hadn't exactly planned on it."
"I can't help but wonder, does Emily still... You know, can she--"
"That's all behind us now." The knot in her stomach grew tighter. "I wish you hadn't even asked."
"I didn't mean anything by it," he said, his voice tinged with regret. "Richard told me why you left, so I understand how you feel, but Maddie, I--"
"Don't you understand? Emily's not a machine, and I won't let anyone treat her that way. She may not ever get much out of life, but what little chance she has she'll get from me."
"I'm not arguing, Maddie! Honest. I just miss you--both of you. Please come home. If not to stay, then just for a visit, a day or two. Less than that even, I--"
"Okay! Okay. We'll come." She rubbed her temples. What did he expect from her? Richard, dead? If only she had known.
"Maddie?"
She struggled with the concept. What if she had known? Would it have mattered? "Yes?"
"When are you coming?"
She squeezed her eyes shut. How could this be happening so fast? "I don't know. Tomorrow. Tonight, maybe." She strained to hear him clearly. Was he crying? 
"Thank you," was all he said.

~*~

Though bothered by conflicting emotions about visiting her father, Madeline prepared for the trip anyway. By dusk she had everything loaded, including Emily. As she maneuvered the van down the long wooded drive, an armed man stepped out of the woods in front of her. She jammed on the brakes, scattering gravel, and stopped a dozen feet away. He didn't flinch.
She stared, her eyes riveted to the feral slash of his mouth. Red clay and sweat stained his orange prison jumpsuit. She imagined an odor strong enough to pierce her windows.
Madeline threw the van into reverse and frantically backed away. He jogged after. She floored it, careening backwards, and quickly stretched the distance between them until she reached the house and realized she had nowhere to go. The land was heavily wooded, the driveway just a gravel track between the trees.
The man loped around a bend in the drive. Madeline clamped her jaws shut, shifted gears, and gunned the engine. He'll move.
As the distance between them shrank, he raised his gun. She sank down in her seat. Emily! She was sitting up! Madeline shoved her against the door and stamped on the gas. The van roared forward. Something thumped against her door, but she kept going, barely able to see over the dashboard.
A gun blast exploded to her left, and the van lurched hard to one side. Madeline fought for control, only vaguely aware she had jammed both the gas pedal and the brake to the floorboard. While the engine screamed in protest, the vehicle continued its crippled lurch forward until it slammed into a tree. Madeline finally bent her knees, and the engine noise instantly died away.
She unhooked their seatbelts, grabbed Emily, and dragged her out the driver's door. As she turned, the man appeared in front of her. His left arm hung awkwardly at his side. He held a sawed-off shotgun, rib-high, in his right. Though his stance was unsteady, the weapon proved threatening enough to immobilize her. 
The man's eyes narrowed to slits as he grimaced. "Even with one arm," he said through clenched teeth, "I can nail you both before you get ten feet. Wanna try?"
Madeline shook her head and stared into the cavernous gun barrels, the green paint and rust depressingly familiar. She shook off unwanted thoughts of how he'd gotten it.
"Since you fucked up my arm, you're gonna have to take care of me." He waved the gun at the house. When they reached the building, he herded Madeline and Emily ahead of him as he searched every room. Satisfied they were alone, he had Madeline cut the wires to the phones, then settled onto her bed, groaning as he bent his bad arm. 
He leaned back against the headboard and nodded at the foot of the mattress. "Put the kid there. You got a first aid kit?"
"You're going to need more than that," Madeline said.
He swung the shotgun toward a framed photo of Emily on the nightstand and pulled a trigger. The gun roared, the picture disintegrated, and a jagged hole appeared in the wall. With a motion smooth enough to belie his injured arm, he opened the shotgun at the breach. Before Madeline could think, move, or react, he replaced the shells in both barrels and casually pointed the weapon at Emily. "Waste any more of my time, and I'll do the same to her."
Emily had become rigid, her muscles cement tight.
"What's with her?"
Madeline hugged the child until she began to relax. "She... she has some mental problems."
"No shit." He stared at her. "It don't hurt her looks.  I've never had a retard."
Madeline's belly tightened. "Listen, you...."
He pointed the gun at her. "I can do her with you dead just as easy as I can with you alive." He cocked a hammer. "Now, where's that first aid kit?"
Madeline left the room but heard him yell. "And get me something to eat."
She gathered medical supplies while alternately making and delivering food. She had to make a half dozen trips since he only allowed her two minutes out of his sight before threatening to shoot Emily. Each time, Madeline hurried back to reassure him that she was only doing what he asked.
When she'd brought him everything he demanded, she sat on the floor desperately trying to calm herself while he rummaged through a box of bandages, cold remedies, and old prescriptions. He squinted at a label on one of the amber-colored bottles, then smiled in recognition. He made Madeline remove the child-proof cap, shook out two pain-killers, and tossed them in his mouth.
"That arm looks bad," she said staring at the swollen limb. "You need a doctor. It might be broken."
He frowned. "Thanks, bitch."
"My name's Madeline."
"Yeah? Mine's Doak, but you can call me God." Using his good hand, he shoved the balance of a sandwich past his lips and chewed with his mouth open. He chased it with Pepsi and a belch. "Reckon I'll have to shoot your sorry ass just so I can take a nap."
Madeline went cold, her mind reeling at the threat.
He laughed. "It's a joke. I ain't ready to kill you yet." He looked around the room. "But I need to put you someplace where I don't have to worry about you."
Please, God, help me get away from him! "We won't do anything, I promise."
He answered with a snort of derision. "I'd tie you up if I could. You got a garage or something I can lock you in?"
Madeline nodded. "There's an empty potting shed out there." She pointed through the sliding glass door to a patio.
"Show me." He shifted off the bed.
When she reached for Emily, Doak jabbed Madeline's shoulder with the shotgun. "Leave her." 
"But--"
"Talk to the gun. I don't feel like arguing."
Madeline rubbed the spot where he'd poked her as she walked through the sliding glass door and on to the potting shed at the far side of the patio. Doak followed her in, surveyed the dark space, and then examined a tiny window set in the door. A wolfish grin lit his rough face. "Lucky you."
She frowned, and he pointed at the patio door. "I'll leave the curtains open so you can watch."
Madeline fought back her panic. "Emily? You can't! She's just--"
He laughed. "You don't know how long it's been." He slammed the door and locked her in. Madeline pressed her forehead against the window and watched him return to the house. Rather than open the curtains, he yanked them down and tossed them aside. Emily remained on the bed where they'd left her.
Doak pushed the glass door to one side and stuck his head out. "Yo, Mama! I'll leave this open so you can hear, too."
Enraged, Madeline smashed her fists on the rough door. When it wouldn't budge she looked again through the window. Doak pulled Emily to her feet, then moved his hand to her shoulder. He drew her close, though her movements were stiff. After unbuttoning her blouse he pushed her back down on the bed. Madeline grew frantic as Doak unfastened Emily's jeans and pulled them off. When he reached for the elastic band on the girl's underwear, Madeline screamed.
Doak looked through the door, amused, but when Madeline kept screaming he retrieved the shotgun and fired it at the shed. "Shut up out there!"
Madeline fell to the dirt floor but scrambled back to the window after a few moments of silence. Doak shrugged out of his jumpsuit, and she choked back bile at the mere memory of his smell.
Emily lay on the bed unclothed and unmoving. Though tense as timber, she made no effort to protect herself. With a growing sense of panic and fury, Madeline watched Doak force the girl's legs apart and step between them, his naked buttocks obscenely pale. Madeline screamed at him.
Doak backed away and reached for the shotgun. Stepping to the side to allow Madeline a clear view, he put the barrel of the gun to Emily's ear. "She don't move much. She might as well be dead," he yelled. "If you keep that shit up, she will be." 
Madeline ground her teeth as she watched him grope the body on the bed. Emily didn't react. She remained motionless as he jabbed his fingers at her genitals, then entered her.
Tears burned Madeline's cheeks as she watched his repeated thrusts. At last he arched his back and withdrew. He looked out toward the shed and waved, his voice loud and coarse. "I've had better. How 'bout I do you in the morning for comparison?"
He lay on the bed with his bad arm across Emily's thighs.
"Sleep, you bastard," Madeline whispered. She felt around in the dark for a way out of the cramped shed. With a rusty hammerhead she found under an empty crate, she tried to pry loose the door hinges, pausing only to check on Emily.
Emily lay still on the bed for a long time before she sat up. Something about the limp arm drew her attention, and she moved her hand over it. Madeline held her breathe. The man didn't stir.
Emily held her hand on one spot only momentarily as if the act of repairing it was trivial. She moved her hand up to the elbow. Frowning, she closed her eyes. Within moments, she was rocking back and forth. Madeline redoubled her efforts to loosen the hinges.
Madeline stared through the window, praying for Emily to stop, but knowing she wouldn't. Madeline watched as Emily gripped the elbow with two hands, her eyes shut. Then, she squeezed.
Doak came awake as if given a cattle prod and screamed, "What the hell are you trying to do?" He rolled away and reached for the shotgun with both hands. Then, he stopped and looked at Emily in surprise. 
Emily sat motionless, humming. Madeline strained to hear.
Doak put the gun down and resumed his place, staring at Emily. "What'd you do?" When she didn't respond, he rolled closer and put her hand on his elbow. "Whatever, just keep at it, y'hear?" Madeline watched him put his head down as Emily resumed her familiar rocking motion.
The hinges resisted Madeline's efforts. She wanted to scream, but silence was her ally. She kept working, stealing frequent looks at the house.
Emily sat for a while longer with her hand on Doak's elbow, but eventually moved it up his arm, past his shoulder, and on to his skull. A look of intense concentration crossed her placid face, and the rocking continued steadily for at least an hour.
As Madeline finally made some progress, she saw that Emily had removed her hand from Doak's head. Sweating heavily, she slumped across his body and fell asleep, just as she had after exhausting herself on Richard's army of patients.

~*~

It had been dark for hours by the time Madeline broke free and sprinted to the kitchen entry. Once inside, she willed her heart to a slower pace and let her eyes adjust to the dark. Armed with a carving knife, she crept down the hall to her bedroom. She stood beside the open door, trying to ignore the sharp stink of the man in the room with her daughter.
She crept in. Heavy, regular breathing told her they slept. She moved closer to the bed and made out Emily's slender form.
Setting the knife aside, she gathered the girl's discarded clothes and picked her up. Madeline froze when Doak groaned and rolled away from her. Emily was dead weight. She hadn't slept so soundly in years. Doak lay on his "bad" arm, obviously without pain. His other arm lay atop the shotgun. Thanks to Emily, nothing would slow him down now.
Madeline struggled to get the girl out of the room quietly. Fearing her own breathing would give them away, she carried her rather than risk making more noise. She stopped in the front hall to rest with Emily's head on her shoulder. Pretending the child meant it as a sign of affection, Madeline lifted her and staggered out of the house.
She propped Emily against a tree and patted her cheek to rouse her. Carrying the girl further was impossible. Emily blinked her eyes open and yawned. After dressing her, Madeline took her hand and pulled her out onto the lawn. 
Trees masked the night sky as Madeline headed up the narrow driveway. When the front porch light went on, she pushed Emily into the bushes. She saw Doak's silhouette on the porch.
He stepped into the yard, the light reflecting dimly from his orange jumpsuit. He flexed the arm Emily had worked on, then held the shotgun with both hands and jogged up the gravel drive straight toward them.
Madeline eased behind a big juniper and pulled Emily in behind her. She tried to ignore the sharp sting of dry pine needles as she strained to hear him.
"This is stupid," he muttered. "I've gotta...." 
Madeline held her breath at the halting crunch of footsteps.
 "Listen," he yelled, "I'm not... I don't... Damn it! Come on out."
She heard him moving. Short steps. Stops. Turns.
"I'm just confused is all. Those people I killed... I-- I need to talk to somebody!"
Madeline squinted to make out the killer standing beside her ruined van. He kept muttering, sometimes to himself, sometimes to her, and sometimes to people only he could see.
"I'm sorry," he said. "I didn't mean... Well, yeah, I did then, but not now. Now I understand. Now it means something." He slammed his fist against the side of the van and shouted. "What'd that damn kid do to me?"
In the dark, Madeline put her hand down on a pine cone, unable to suppress a sharp breath when it cut her palm. Doak turned at the sound.
"Will you stop it?" he cried. "I'm not-- I'm not what you think I am."
Madeline yanked Emily to her feet and stumbled deeper into the woods praying he'd lose them in the dark.
"Stop! Are you trying to make me shoot?"
She heard him crash through the undergrowth behind her and realized the futility of trying to drag Emily through an obstacle course at night. Madeline slumped to the ground and tried to hold her breath. She heard the bushes part a few feet away and stared up into the killer's face, his features a gray smear.
"Don't! Please don't hurt us." With tears streaming down her face, Madeline scrambled to cover Emily's body with her own. I'm going to die now, she thought. He's going to shoot me, and then he's going to rape Emily again, and then he's going to shoot her, too! Damn it, Richard, this is all your fault! Steeling her nerve, she looked at him over her shoulder.
Doak stared back, his expression blank. He pointed the gun at them, and stood waiting. After a moment, he knelt and reached for Emily's shoulder. He shook it. "What did you do to me?" 
Emily seemed to look through him.
He shook her again, harder. "What the hell have you done?"
"Please stop," Madeline said. "She doesn't understand."
Doak stood and backed away, then looked around as if surrounded. She couldn't see his ghosts, but they were obviously real to him.
"I'm sorry!" His scream echoed in the dark as he moved away. "I didn't mean--" He dropped the gun and fell to his knees, his hands covering his face. "Oh, God. I'm so sorry. I'm so terribly, terribly sorry."
Madeline stared at Emily, still lying on the ground. What had she done to him? She decided not to wait around to find out. Once again she dragged Emily to her feet, and they began moving.
Behind her she could still hear Doak carrying on as if possessed. The longer he--
Boom!
The roar of the shotgun stifled all other sounds.  Madeline pushed a suddenly rigid Emily to the ground where they huddled in silence. The wait seemed interminable. Emily slept. When the sky paled, Madeline shook her awake, and they began to walk again. There was no sign of Doak. With any luck, they'd be able to leave the woods by daybreak. Madeline prayed they were headed in the right direction.
Emily stumbled, but Madeline caught her before she fell. Looking down to spot the obstacle, she saw a body clad in an orange jumpsuit. Doak lay still, the shotgun beside him, the last round fired into his brain. 
With arms outstretched, Emily moved toward him, but Madeline intervened. "No honey," she said. "You've already done everything you could for him."

~*~

For the second time in years, Madeline dialed her father's number, but she felt much less tense. Emily had been released from the county hospital where they'd spent the night, and the repairs on the van would be finished in a day or two.
"I've decided to come for a longer visit," she said when he answered, "but we probably won't arrive until next week."
"That's fine," he said. "You had me worried. I thought you'd disappeared again."
She laughed. "Not intentionally." Emily stood close by, staring at her reflection in the chrome coin box of the pay phone. Madeline gently brushed the hair from the girl's face. "I'm sorry we're going to be late."
He coughed hard, then spoke in a raspy voice. "That's not important. As long as I know you're coming."
"Are you catching a cold?"
He hesitated before answering. "I wish it were just a cold, but that isn't why--"
"It's okay." She smiled at her daughter, thinking how nice it would be to hear her hum again. "Maybe Emily can help."

~*~

Comforted by the constant pressure that kept her in her seat, Emily basked in the steady vibrations of the around-thing and the soft noise made by the tall one with the good smell.
She concentrated on shutting out most of the bad without stopping the good, too. She had gotten better at it. She wanted to sing her warm song, but that might make the around-thing stop vibrating, or worse--the tall one with the good smell might cease her soft noise. Instead, Emily kept still but remained alert.
Gradually she sensed something had changed, and allowed her touchers to probe for the difference. There! Something inside of her that wasn't part of her. A wrongness? No, not wrong, but different--new. And tiny, oh, so tiny. She examined the new thing carefully and deemed it good.
It made her want to sing no matter what. She wanted to sing the way she had after fixing the other tall one, the one whose colors were all wrong. The new thing wasn't like that at all. She felt so strongly that she had to sing to it, welcoming it with the sounds for safe and warm.
And she did. 

~End~

"Religious experiences which are as real as life to some
may be incomprehensible to others."
Opinion, United States v. Ballard, 1944 -- William O. Douglas


Avery sat at his kitchen table, trying to ignore the Closet God pacing in front of the oven. The fact that Avery could see him clearly only in mid-turn made the performance even more distracting.
"You're not listening," the Closet God said. "You know I hate that."
Avery blinked. "Sorry. What were you saying?"
"Never mind. My shift's up in a couple minutes, and the busybody'll be back. She means well, but don't close your mind to other viewpoints--like mine."
"Uh, sure." Avery glanced up at the Calorie Goddess taped to the wall next to the cookie jar. He could never keep all their shifts straight. They'd all gotten along fine in the beginning, before Avery brought the cat home. How was he supposed to know they'd get upset about it? They were gods after all, they could have warned him.
"Well?"
"Well what?" Avery asked.
The two-dimensional god tapped his two-dimensional toe. "You tuned me out--again. Good luck finding clean shirts this week."
"Give me a break, will ya?" Avery rubbed his temples. "I'm going to bed."
"I won't keep you," the Closet God said. "Just promise you won't agree to anything she suggests until you run it past me. Okay?"
"I suppose."
"Good. Drat--time's up. Gotta go." The Closet God waddled out of the kitchen. Avery watched him round the corner to the bedroom.
"Is he finally gone?" the Safety Goddess asked as she slipped out from behind the refrigerator and pulled dust bunnies from the Scotch tape at her shoulders. "I thought the old blowhard would never leave."
Avery rested his elbows on the table and cradled his face in his palms. "Don't start, please?"
"If you ask me, I think he's still upset there's no yard to putter around in. Most of his tools wouldn't even fit in that closet. If you really cared, you wouldn't have moved into an apartment."
Avery groaned.
The Safety Goddess extracted a wad of tissue from a pocket of her ancient, flowered housecoat, and blew her nose in it. "So, what's your problem?"
"You're my problem!"
"Me?"
"All of you! I can't get any work done. I can't get any rest. I can't entertain. I can't even have a pet."
"That's ridiculous," she said. "Get a fish."
"I hate fish, that's why I got a cat."
"I didn't have a problem with the cat. You'll have to take that up with the Closet God."
"But you were the one who said I had to lock it up at night. I didn't know cats gave him the hives. He kept trying to bury it with my clothes. No wonder it ran away."
The Safety Goddess crossed her arms and sighed. "Must we go through this again? You'll make yourself sick dwelling on it."
"I'm not dwelling on it. I'm mad about it!"
"Call it what you will."
"Jail! That's what I call it. I'm the prisoner--you're the guards. You even work in shifts!"
"That's only temporary," said the Safety Goddess, "until you-know-who comes to his senses. Shouldn't effect you at all."
"No effect? Then how come the Phone God cuts my calls short and never takes messages? Why does the Television Goddess have to approve my choices? Who put the Fashion God in charge of my wardrobe?" He stared at her. "Don't you see? I have no life. I can't even leave the apartment for fear the Furnishing God will replace everything I own!"
The Safety Goddess put her hands on her hips and shook her head. "I can't believe you'd say that after everything we've done for you."
Avery snorted. "Name one thing you've done that I should be grateful for."
"Oh, that's easy--your car."
"It hasn't worked since I parked it!"
"Well, there you are, compliments of the Machine God. He saved your life. If you can't drive, chances are you won't be in any car wrecks."
"Now, that's ridiculous," Avery said.
The Safety Goddess frowned. "A little gratitude wouldn't hurt, y'know."
"I should be grateful you've made me a prisoner?"
"Don't be silly," she said. "We're the ones who're stuck here. You can leave whenever you like."
"Like yesterday?"
"A rare exception." The Safety Goddess shook her head slightly as she re-rolled a curler and secured it with a bobby pin directly above her forehead. "The elevator was scheduled to break down. If we had let you out, you might have been injured."
"I could have taken the stairs."
"Down, maybe. But would you have climbed six flights when you returned? I don't think so."
"I can take care of myself!"
"Of course you can--if you're willing to put up with mismatched socks, sorry nutrition, and a bedroom that's only fit for pigs. I don't know what they taught you in that college fraternity, but they certainly didn't prepare you for the real world. You think you can manage on your own? Ha! If it weren't for the Calorie Goddess, you'd be too big to squeeze through the door."
Avery slammed his fist on the table. "I've had it!" He stomped to the bedroom and stopped in front of the closet. Gripping the handles of the double doors, he took a deep breath, then opened them. The Closet God sat on the hanger bar directly in front of him.
"What's this, a surprise visit?" asked the diminutive deity.
Avery ignored him and reached for his suitcase on the top shelf. Pulling it free, he set off a small avalanche of empty boxes, seldom-used camping gear, and a few men's magazines.
"Nice move," said the Closet God as he surveyed the mess. He pointed at the magazines. "Don't let her see those."
Avery glared at him but said nothing. Instead, he opened his suitcase on the bed and began to fill it with clothing, books and memorabilia, everything but the photos. Those he'd leave right where they were--over the washing machine, on the toolbox, in the cupboard--wherever his mother had put them. He threw anything else that mattered to him into the suitcase. There would be no return visit.
"Where ya headed?" asked the Closet God, still perched on the clothes bar. "Y'know, you'd get more in there if you folded it neatly. Want some help?"
Avery jammed the suitcase shut with his knee and struggled to force the latch closed. The Safety Goddess watched from the doorway. "This isn't really a good day to travel," she said.
"Sure it is," Avery said as the latch finally clicked. "I'm outta here!" He wrestled the suitcase to the floor and tilted it up on its built-in wheels. "Don't wait up."
"When will you be back?" the Closet God asked.
Avery ignored him. He turned the knob, but the door wouldn't open.
"Well?" The Safety Goddess's voice harbored a note of irritation.
"I dunno," Avery said. "Maybe never."
The door swung open. "It's your choice," the Safety Goddess said. "Don't say we didn't warn you."
Avery nodded and dragged his suitcase into the hall. The two gods leaned against opposite sides of the doorway watching him. One of the suitcase wheels had a bad bearing which caused it to squeal and pull to the side.
"I can fix that," the Closet God said.
Avery let the suitcase veer into the wall. He pulled it along, ignoring the mark it scribed in the plaster as he hurried to reach the elevator.
"He's always in such a rush," the Safety Goddess said.

~*~

Avery flopped backwards on the bed, his arms outspread. The last few days had been exhilarating, but demanding. He'd almost forgotten what life on his own was like. Though his escape suffered a rocky start, including a dispute with an over-charging cabby who didn't speak English, a lost bus ticket, and a decision to walk under a bridge loaded with pigeons, it had ended well. Thanks to the intervention of an old fraternity brother, he'd even landed a job with the National Weather Service.
He smiled as he recalled how the gods had opposed his joining that fraternity. Sure, it cost a lot, but the contacts were worth it. Without them, he'd never have landed his new job.

~*~

Mail and supplies were dropped by parachute every other week into the string of Antarctic weather stations to which Avery had been assigned. He'd spent six weeks in training at the main base before boarding the cargo plane which took him to his outpost. 
"Boy, am I glad to see you," said the bearded and bundled meteorologist Avery was replacing. "Six months out here is about all a man can stand."
"I don't know," Avery said. "I've been looking forward to the peace and quiet."
"You'll get plenty of that." The man extended a mittened hand. "Good luck," he said, then climbed into the belly of the transport and closed the door.
Avery watched as the ski-equipped craft raced over the ice and became airborne. He turned and entered the building which would be his home for the next six months. After passing through a weather lock, he stamped the snow from his boots and hung his parka on a peg near the door.
The one-room building had a few creature comforts including a well-stocked bookshelf, a huge collection of videos, and most important of all, indoor plumbing. It also had a number of photographs taped to the walls. Avery swallowed hard as he gazed at the familiar faces.
"Surprise!" said a voice behind him. "You know, maybe we were wrong about your fraternity. If it weren't for them, we'd never have found you."

~End~

"If you bungle raising your children, I don't think whatever else
you do well matters very much." --Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis


"Bring her in here." The emergency room intern held open the door to a brightly lit examining bay as a stern-faced attendant in hospital whites wheeled Margo in. The bed was still rolling as a contraction wracked her, and she became only dimly aware she was the subject of their conversation.
"It's crowning already," the attendant said, pursing his lips. "Just what the world needs: another welfare brat."
"We'll take it from here," said a red-haired nurse as she hustled the attendant out the door. "What a jerk." She and the intern worked hurriedly to prepare for the delivery.
Pain obliterated all Margo's other concerns. She clenched her jaws, squeezed her eyes shut, and pushed. A last sharp stab forced a groan from her bloodless lips as the baby gushed from her body. Margo fell back against the mattress, spent.
Standing at the foot of the bed, the intern grimaced and shook his head. 
"What is it?" Margo croaked, too weak to move. "What's wrong?" She struggled to see her baby, but a surgical drape over her knees blocked the view. The intern stood motionless, and the baby had yet to cry.
Why isn't it crying? They're supposed to cry! "Will you please tell me what's going on!"
The intern coughed. "I-- It's just...."
"He can't breathe," the nurse said.
"What's wrong with him?" Margo asked.
The nurse poked the intern's shoulder. "Doctor!"
"Trach," he said, as if coming out of a trance. "Trach kit. Stat!"
Margo strained forward but the intern pressed her back down. The nurse gripped Margo's hand. "The doctor's going to make an incision in the baby's windpipe so he can breathe."
Barely breathing herself, Margo stared into the woman's pale blue eyes.
"Your baby has some problems," the nurse said. "His face...."
"What about his face?" Margo whispered.
A tear rolled from the nurse's eye and soaked into the top of her surgical mask. "He doesn't have one."

~*~

Margo had the baby in her arms when the social worker arrived. "I'm Elizabeth Dayne," the woman said. Her hair, pulled close to her head and bound at the back, made her angular features appear gaunt. "We need to talk."
Margo nodded.
"You gave birth in the emergency room?"
Margo nodded again. "He came early."
"And the father is...."
"Unimportant," Margo said, hoping for a smile. 
Dayne's dark, humorless eyes locked onto hers. "You're not married?"
"No."
"But you know who the father is?"
"Of course." Unsatisfying though it was, Margo couldn't forget the only sexual encounter she'd ever had.
"Will he support you?"
"I don't expect him to."
"Do you have family you can turn to?"
Margo shook her head from side to side.
Dayne flipped through some papers on a clipboard then unfolded a legal-sized sheet and ran her finger down its length. "You're unmarried, uninsured, and unemployed." She looked up. "And you've just given birth to a severely deformed infant. You have more problems than options."
Margo wrapped her arms around the baby. "I love him. We'll manage, somehow."
"You've got to be realistic," Dayne said. "He needed surgery just to breathe. Have you any idea what it's going to cost to give him a nose and mouth?"
"They said his skull is almost normal. They think he has everything he needs, it's just... covered up." She lifted the baby's head and gently passed her thumb over his brow, a smooth ridge above the empty plane where his face belonged. She moved her fingers down his cheek and touched the soft pale button of his chin.
"The cost will be horrendous," Dayne said. "He might have eyes in there somewhere, but he'll never be able to see, and he's probably retarded."
"You don't know that!"
"True. Look, I'm not trying to be unkind, it's just that I've worked with many women who've had to face similar difficult choices. You can't afford to let your emotions overshadow your judgment at a time like this."
Margo stared at the woman. "What are you suggesting?"
"That you may not be able to give this child the care he needs."
Margo felt as if she'd been punched by a prizefighter. She tightened her hold on the baby. "I love him," she said.
"That's not the issue. We have to be concerned with what's best for him."
"Don't you think I know?"
Dayne looked surprised. "No. I don't believe you do."
"Leave me alone," Margo said.
"You're upset. I'll come back when you've had a chance to calm down."
Margo glared at the woman as she gathered her things and walked out. The door didn't close completely, and Margo heard the social worker's voice from the hall. "This one's going to be rough."
Though she strained to hear the other voice.
"I don't know," Dayne said. "Maybe it'd be better to just withhold food and water. It wouldn't take long. On the other hand--"
Someone pulled the door shut.

~*~

While sitting in her rocker, Margo pressed the warm, tiny bundle to her breast. She wanted desperately to nurse the little boy she'd named Paul, though she knew it was impossible. The specialists said her milk could be saved and given to him through his feeding tube. They assured her it was the best thing for him, though it did nothing for her. Still, she followed instructions and used the little pump they'd given her. Paul always had enough.
As she had every day in the five months since his birth, Margo wept. Paul's head rested near her heart as she rocked. The rhythm soothed them both. Finally, she closed her eyes and let her thoughts float away. There was no need to cry when she and Paul could go exploring.
"Would you like that?" she asked him. "We'll find wonderful sounds for you to hear, and marvelous things to touch." She gave him a gentle hug.
As she continued to rock, she felt a tiny pressure at her temple. Startled, she opened her eyes, expecting to find someone standing beside her, but she and Paul were alone, and the pressure--soft as an angel's kiss--continued.
She brushed a few thin strands of blond hair from Paul's forehead and kissed the spot she'd uncovered. The pressure at her temple changed to a sensation of warmth which slowly faded.
"I love you," she said.
Briefly, the spot of warmth returned.

~*~

"I don't usually suggest such procedures for patients so young. Of course, Paul's case is different." The surgeon glanced at some papers in the file. "How did you ever convince the Medical College to accept his case?"
Margo shook her head. "I didn't. Miss Dayne--"
"Oh, yes," he said. "The woman from the county office. You're lucky to have her on your side."
"Sometimes I wonder."
"As I was saying, Paul's skull and jaw development are reasonably normal. The prognosis is excellent." Jerrod Fowler was well-known for his work in reconstructive surgery. He faced Margo across a wide, wooden desk that mirrored the Danish modern decor of his office. "Ensuring a normal appearance and proper function will require several procedures, but in his case, I believe it's worth it."
"He's only three," Margo said. "And he seems happy enough as he is. Isn't surgery risky?"
Fowler nodded. "Surgery always entails risk, but it can also promise reward."
Need to. The words floated into Margo's mind like notes from a familiar melody.
"Okay, honey," she said.
Fowler gave her a quizzical look.
"Where's your restroom? Paul needs to go."
"First door on the right," he said.
Margo guided Paul to the lavatory and made sure he was aimed in the proper direction. "Good boy," she said when he finished.
Go home now?
"Not yet, sweetheart. Be patient." She squeezed his hand. He returned the pressure, to her fingers and her temples. She smiled. He could always make her smile.
From the first day she felt his voice inside her head, she experienced a peaceful innocence she'd never known before. His communication consisted of emotion as much as words, but she was the only one who heard him, and she had to be careful in case the social worker, or anyone else, thought her overly peculiar.
"We'll leave soon, I promise." She reached into her handbag and retrieved a small water balloon which she pressed into his hands. He clutched it eagerly and rubbed it against his cheek.
Soft. Happy!
She guided him back to the office.
"So," Fowler said, "I urge you to consider it. Just think, for the first time in his life, Paul will be able to really eat--and actually taste something!"
Margo agreed. As they traveled home, she tried to explain it to him. "There's more to food than just having a full tummy."
Potty.
"Do you need to go? Now?"
No--after food!
Margo laughed. Paul was bright, and had a sense of humor beyond his years. "I hadn't thought of that. But I'm talking about 'eating.' It's like feeling, sort of, only better."
Okay, Mommy.

~*~

Two months before his fourth birthday, the doctors gave Paul a mouth. In surgery for hours, he stayed in the recovery room even longer. Eventually he was wheeled to his room, and Margo stayed with him during his two days of observation.
He slept almost continuously the first day while Margo waited. She would doze from time to time, snapping awake in embarrassment as if Paul had called to her and she had ignored him, though such was never the case. When his call finally came, it felt weak and tentative.
"Paul? Are you awake?"
Hurt.
"I know, sweetie, but it'll be better soon, I promise, and there will be wonderful new things for you to experience."
Paul didn't respond.
"I wish it didn't have to be this way," she said. "If I could go through the pain for you, I would."
He still didn't answer.
"I love you, Paul."
Margo smiled as a faint spot of warmth caressed her temple.

~*~

Elizabeth Dayne sat in the room's only armchair. Margo's apartment was labeled an "efficiency" because its designer had managed to cram all the required functionality into a single room. A second arm chair would have seemed extravagant.
"You're still feeding him through the tube," Dayne said. Her tone and expression were accusatory, as they usually were during her periodic visits. It was the price Margo paid to retain her eligibility for public assistance.
"Mostly, he feeds himself."
"Why can't you prepare foods that must be chewed? He'll never learn if you don't stop babying him."
"He doesn't like to chew--he doesn't like to use his mouth at all." Though true, there was more to the story, but Margo was afraid to tell it. When Paul used his mouth, whether to eat or breathe, his ability to reach her with his mind diminished.
"Has he tried to talk?" Dayne asked. She rarely looked at Margo during her visits. Her attention remained focused on Paul.
"No."
"Why not?"
Margo suppressed a desire to scream. "Maybe he doesn't want to. Maybe he has nothing important to say."
"Maybe he hasn't been given any encouragement," Dayne said. "He should be in a speech school where competent professionals can help him. He's young. Maybe it's not too late."
"I can't afford it," Margo said. "I barely have enough for food and rent."
Dayne stared at her for a moment. "I think I can work something out. And, it would give you a chance to find a job. Then maybe...."
"No! It's too soon. We've never been separated. No one knows how to take care of him like I do. No one--"
"Nonsense," Dayne said. "The professionals I know work with handicapped children all the time. Paul's no different."
"But he is!" Margo stood and began pacing.
"Really? How is he different from any other blind child? Or any other child who can't, or won't, speak?"
"Because he's the only one who's mine," Margo said.
Dayne made a snorting sound then walked to the door and stopped. "I'll call you when I've made the arrangements."

~*~

Margo waited for the special bus that brought Paul home from the speech school every day. After two years of therapy he was finally able to communicate verbally, though he rarely chose to do it. He much preferred flashing messages to his mother, though she had to be close for his thoughts to come in clearly.
She reached for his hand as he stepped from the bus. "How was school today?"
Okay.
Margo frowned. Paul was almost always cheerful. "You don't sound okay. What's the matter?"
Nothing.
She put her arm around him and hugged.
Mom, is it bad to be ugly?
"What?" Margo stalled, unsure of how to respond or what had prompted the question. "It's not good or bad. It just... is."
Then, what does it mean?
"I guess it means something unpleasant."
Like a bad noise?
"Yeah. Or maybe like something prickly and hard."
Oh.
"What's this all about? Did someone say something to make you feel bad."
Sort of.
Though Margo's anger flared, she was careful not to overreact. She didn't want Paul to know she was upset. "Do you want to talk about it?"
Paul remained silent as they walked up the stairs to the apartment. When they were safely inside, he leaned against her.
How can I tell if I'm ugly?

~*~

"No," Margo said. "He's not going back."
Elizabeth Dayne had called to find out why Paul had missed so much school. "What did you expect? Did you think the other children were going to be caring and sensitive? It's going to be like this for years, probably the rest of his life."
Margo had to concentrate in order to relax her jaws. "You love this, don't you?"
"What on Earth are you talking about?"
"You never thought I'd be able to raise him on my own, but I've been doing it. We're surviving."
"You've gotten a lot of help."
"I don't recall asking for it," Margo said. She'd wanted to say something like that for years.
Dayne sighed into the phone. "Okay, let's think about this for a moment. People, children especially, are going to tease Paul as long as he looks different. That's just a fact of life."
Margo grudgingly agreed.
"So that leaves two options. Either Paul stays home and never associates with other children, or we do whatever is needed to make him look normal."
"More surgery?"
"Dr. Fowler says he can give him a nose. That, and dark glasses, ought to do the trick."
"I don't know," Margo said. "The last time was, well, difficult."
"Maybe if he could smell things, he'd be more inclined to taste them," Dayne said. "This would be a great time to get rid of that horrid feeding tube, too."

~*~

Paul had just turned eight when the bruises from his last nose surgery finally faded. Margo had saved enough to buy him a birthday cake, but he wouldn't eat it--or much of anything else. Though never a big child, he'd lost weight steadily since they removed his feeding tube.
"Please, Paul, you've got to eat something," Margo said.
Instead of answering, the boy pushed his plate away.
Margo pressed her cheek against his, hoping he'd speak directly to her mind. Instead, he left the table.
Margo felt tears on her face. "I love you, Paul. I swear, I'm only trying to do what's best. You've got to believe me."
His response was a warm and gentle pressure on her temple. It was enough.

~*~

Margo turned on the radio, a gift from the red-haired nurse at the hospital years ago. Paul could experience music at no cost, and she provided it in as much variety as possible. They would often just sit and listen for an hour or two. On Paul's ninth birthday, Margo found a symphony. They were celebrating by listening to it when Miss Dayne arrived.
"Can you turn that down?" she asked.
Resigned, Margo reached past Paul for the dial. He touched her arm lightly, as if to deflect it. Margo paused, toying with the idea of refusing Dayne's request, but gave in knowing it wouldn't pay to antagonize her.
"Thank you," Dayne said. "Now I can hear myself think."
Margo and Paul smiled at the irony. Though his ability to touch Margo's thoughts had been drastically reduced, he could still get through if he placed his cheek next to hers.
"We aren't very pleased with Paul's progress," Dayne said. "I wonder if he's applying himself. Of course, it might be just a lack of support and encouragement from home."
Margo shrugged. Over the years she'd learned to dismiss Dayne's barbs. Arguing was futile. "I do my best," she said.
"I've discussed Paul's case with specialists on staff and at the Medical College, and we've come to the conclusion that he needs more sensory stimulation." She looked around the cramped apartment. "You've got to admit, this environment leaves a little something to be desired."
"It's clean and safe. What do you expect from me?"
"I expect your cooperation. Paul's blindness is keeping him from reaching his full potential."
Margo shuddered. She knew what would come next.
"His condition is considered unique enough that the Medical College has agreed to take him on as a special teaching case. They believe his eyes may be functional."
"But--"
"They want to begin testing and evaluation next week."
Margo sat motionless, trying to make sense of her own feelings. She knew Paul hated the surgery, feared the pain, and had little use for the resulting senses. She needed to look no further than his reaction to the surgery which gave him a mouth. By limiting himself to soft, bland food, he'd reduced the process of eating to the act of swallowing.
"It's not-- It shouldn't be entirely up to me," Margo said.
Dayne brightened. "Well, for once, we agree. I think--"
"I want to discuss it with Paul."
"Oh." The social worker exhaled through tight lips. "I suppose. So, Paul, how--"
"Alone," Margo said. "We'll discuss it in private."
Frowning, Dayne walked to the door. "You'll call me?"
Margo nodded.
"Today?"
"I don't know."
"The timing is critical...."
"Good bye," Margo said as she closed the door.
She put her arm around Paul's thin shoulders and guided him to the armchair. Once seated, she pulled him into her lap. Their heads touched.
"I don't know where to begin, or how to explain it, because you can't understand what it's like to be able to see. Taste and smell are so plain... Can you imagine tasting a symphony? No, that's silly--it's much more than that. Imagine a symphony so full and rich that you'd need extra ears to hear it all. It's a whole different way to experience the world. It's--" She stopped, defeated.
"I should be dancing around the room. I should be bouncing up and down for you. I should be feeling nothing but joy." She pushed her fingers through his hair. "Instead, I'm scared. I don't want to lose your sweet voice in my head. I couldn't bear it. I know I'm just being selfish--I have been all along."
Paul sat so quietly Margo wondered if he'd fallen asleep and missed everything she'd said. She smiled when he patted her arm.
"I want so many things for you," she said, "but most of all, I want you to be happy. Do you understand?"
She closed her eyes and felt a broad spot of warmth at her temple. It came from Paul's hand.
"I think I'd like to see you," he said.

~End~

"Unhappy is the land that needs heroes."
--Bertold Brecht


The county called it a rest home, but it seemed more like a rest stop on a back road to oblivion. The doors were open to anyone old, and feeble, and broke. It had nothing to do with who you once were, or what you once did. In the end, the testimonials, medals, and certificates of appreciation counted for nothing. Such was the fate of the Night Warrior, a man who saved too many to count and lost but one. 
I hadn't come to gloat, nor did I believe anything had changed. I came for the ring.
Little remained of the man I remembered from my youth. Sitting in his wheelchair, head tilted to one side, a tiny saliva bubble expanding and contracting at the corner of his mouth, he no longer retained a shred of the presence that once struck fear in what passed for hearts in the ranks of his adversaries. Yet, none of that rabble could claim victory over the Night Warrior. Time alone had brought the super hero down--had made soft all the hard edges, and made rough all the smooth lines. He sat quiescent. That little which moved, trembled.
The rock-like jaw, having deflected a thousand glancing blows now sported a five-day stubble and mustard stains. The raven locks lay limp, gray, and stringy, and the eyes, once glacial blue and piercing as a pike, squinted out from watery frames of viscous pink.
I observed him from a distance, unwilling to believe the stark truth arrayed in front of me, unwilling to cut the last thread binding me to the fantasy I had nurtured for so long. Did he still have the ring? If so, it hadn't done much for him lately. Is that what I truly wanted for myself? I suddenly doubted it. But just as I turned to leave, he saw me.
"Leonard?" he croaked.
I wanted to run, to excuse myself, to plead ignorance of the hated name which first brought me to him over forty years ago. Instead, I stood my ground. It was the first lesson he ever taught me. "Yeah, Boss. It's me."
He raised his hand from the shabby upholstered armrest, the motion confined to his wrist, then signaled to me with a sweep of his fingers.
I had no desire to go near him, no desire to smell him, no desire to further impress his ruin upon my memory. I stared at him instead, trying to find the strong confident face that changed my life so long ago.
He cleared his throat, rattling like an old engine. "Leonard."
That voice! The Night Warrior survived, if only in his voice. Though little more than a whisper, it still compeled me. I floated toward him, unable to resist, and came to a stop at his side. He wasn't wearing the ring. No matter, I told myself, then knelt beside him and put my hand on his, willing myself not to pull away from the dry parchment covering his bony knuckles.
"Beware," he said.
I looked around slowly, taking in the drab walls and worn furniture of the rest home. Threadbare carpet housed mysterious stains, the flotsam of passing guests, and insect treasures. The staff consisted of two spindly matrons in flowered scrubs and rubber-soled, pastel flats. The only thing which threatened was the cloying odors of soiled linen and food prepared for people without teeth.
"Beware of what?" I asked.
"Trust me, Leonard, they're everywhere."
"What're--"
"Shh!" He trapped my hand between his--leathery leaves grasping, pressing, insistent.
I lowered my voice. "What the hell is it?"
He leaned toward me and whispered, "Sometimes I see them out of the corner of my eyes."
"Who?" I straightened and freed my hand.
"Keep your voice down!"
"Right," I said. Then, upon reflection, added, "Why?"
He shook his head, but the motion failed to dislodge a single gray hair plastered to the pale flesh above his eyes. "The dead ones. They'll hear you."
I stood up and glanced at my watch. "Yeah, well, hey, it's been fun--"
"Don't be a fool," he said. "Stand tall."
With my eyes closed it felt just like the old days when the Night Warrior--clad in black and gray Spandex and daring the world to laugh--stood beside me, his faithful protégé.
"I used to see them only in my dreams," he said. "All the ones I--no, all the ones we--defeated. They're all dead now."
I chuckled. "Listen, Boss, I'll admit there are a lot of people in here who look dead. I mean, you don't look so good yourself. But you can't--"
"I'm not talking about them. I'm talking about the Jester, the Pale Rider, and the Shrew. People we cancelled--bad guys. They've come back from the dead. They think they can take me now."
His eyes grew wider while he talked, and he managed to control some of the palsy I'd observed earlier. He even straightened up in his wheelchair and forced his shoulders back in a parody of a hero's pose. How many times had I stood in the shadow of that pose while some rescued damsel or elected official fawned over him. Where were they now?
"You've still got the ring, haven't you?" I asked.
"The bastards. They think that just because I'm old, I'm vulnerable."
"What about the ring? The ring of invincibility?" I almost said, "My ring."
He stared up at me with his rheumy eyes and didn't say anything for the longest time. "You're still mad about that, aren't you?"
"Me? Nah. Why would I be mad about it? You only dangled it in front of me all my life."
"I never said I'd give it to you."
"You never said you wouldn't."
"I couldn't give it to you, Len. You couldn't become me. There could only ever be one Night Warrior."
"I guess we'll never know," I said, slipping my hands in my pockets. It was an old truth, one I'd resigned myself to years ago. And I'd left the next day. Broke the partnership. The Night Warrior worked alone for a few years, his exploits against the villains of the world receiving less and less attention in the press. I half expected him to show up at super market openings or charity golf tourneys. He didn't, thank God.
"I've missed you," he said. The palsy returned.
I shrugged. "Who did you give it to? I don't remember hearing about any other sidekicks. My guess is you couldn't find anyone with sufficiently low self-esteem. Am I right?"
With what must have been a supreme effort of will, the once great Night Warrior raised his head and focused those cold-fire eyes at me. "I encased it in a brick of Lucite and gave it to the Super Hero Museum. It was the right thing to do. Len, I once held the trust of a thousand cities, the faith of a million believers. I--"
"Broke the heart of the only one who ever really cared about you." I would've said more but was distracted by the slightest bit of motion I detected out of the corner of my eye. I nodded in that direction, and he turned his head slowly, all the while shrinking as if deflated.
"What is it?" he asked.
"I'm not sure exactly," I said, "but it could've been either the Pale Rider or the Shrew."
He took a short, sharp breath.
"Not that I care," I said and walked away.

~End~

"If we did the things we are capable of,
we would astound ourselves." --Thomas Alva Edison


On the day after his thirty-third birthday, J. Darwin Pinckney made two decisions that would alter his life forever.
The guys in the stock room had given him hell since the day he started at Lemhoffer's department store. Ten years of abuse had culminated in the previous night's debacle. Though he couldn't even remember how he got home, he discovered a lasting souvenir under a bandage on his forearm. Bastards.
He pulled off the bandage and looked at the dots of dried blood partially obscuring the fresh tattoo. He scraped some away to reveal the image of a pansy with pink and purple petals and a dark green stem. Decision Number One: "Never again," he whispered, then downed the last of his Alka Seltzer and feebly placed the plastic cup in the sink.
Pinckney moved as carefully as a cat on Quaaludes to an over-stuffed chair, where he curled up and waited for dark. When it came, his condition had improved to a sickly malaise. He made decision Number Two while sitting at the kitchen table, chin on palms, looking at his junk mail.
An odd pamphlet topped the pile. The dark green cover seemed more like leather than paper. He examined it more closely and discovered it bore tiny hairs.
Not leather.
Skin.
Gagging, Pinckney tossed the circular aside. He tried to ignore it, even forced himself to read a book club offer and a sweepstakes promo, but the thin, dark brochure tantalized him.
He gave in and stared at it, transfixed by the single word, Katalegein, embossed in gold on the leaf-colored cover. He touched the lettering, which was cold, and the cover, which was warm. While he watched, the pamphlet rippled slightly, as if it sheathed muscle.
Cripes--it's alive! It-- Nah. That's impossible.
He turned it over and saw his name and address in gold script. A thin, wax seal kept it closed but crumbled at his touch. The brochure reacted with stiffened hairs and goose bumps.
Pinckney dropped it and watched, wide-eyed, as the tiny bumps smoothed themselves. Still reluctant to pick it up, he probed the odd, gold-lettered word on the cover with a tentative finger. Quite silently, the letters reformed themselves to read: Catalog, and J. Darwin Pinckney wet his pants.

~*~

"Where'd ya go Saturday night?" Charlie Stimson, Lemhoffer's stockroom manager and Pinckney's primary tormentor, sat in a folding chair tilted backwards against an unpainted wall. "We turned around, and you were gone."
"Yeah, sure," Pinckney mumbled, still feeling his hangover. Long Island Iced Tea certainly didn't sound potent, so he hadn't objected when Charlie kept ordering refills.
"You shoulda hung around," Stimson said. "You missed Mary Ann. What a babe! She was wearin' one of them see-through babydoll things, and the skimpiest little panties... You shoulda seen her shimmy outta them!"
"Bull," Pinckney said.
Stimson slammed forward in his chair. "You callin' me a liar? She's a stripper. She talks about it all the time."
Pinckney flushed. "She's not like that."
"How'd you know? You were so bombed you couldn't move." He stepped close enough for Pinckney to smell his cigarette breath. He tapped the bandage. "What's this?"
"Nothin'."
A grin split Stimson's face. "You hidin' something? Let's have a look."
"It's nothing!" Pinckney said. As if you didn't know anything about it. He grabbed the handle of a large rolling bin used to distribute merchandise, and attempted to flee. Bob Nevins, another stockman, stepped in the way.
"Look who's here," Nevins said, his voice a sneer. "Too good to share yer whole birthday with us?"
"He won't say why he left," Stimson said. "I think he went to watch the boys dance."
"You like them faggy boys, Pinko?" Nevins asked.
"I don't care about strippers--male or female."  Pinckney pushed hard against the heavy bin to start it rolling. Hope I get the bastard's foot.
Stimson stopped the cart with one hand. "Where you goin'?" 
"Hardware," Pinckney said.
Stimson wagged his thumb at a smaller cart. "Take that one. It's more yer style."
Pinckney lifted the canvas flap covering the open side of the bin. Lingerie spilled out.
"Don't be wastin' Mary Ann's time if she's in today. She's prob'ly still tired from Saturday night." Stimson and Nevins broke into laughter.
Pinckney pushed the cart into the freight elevator. He was so busy fantasizing about different ways to kill Stimson and Nevins he almost forgot to exit when he reached his floor.
He rolled the cart through unpopulated aisles until he reached Lady's Foundations. Mary Ann Winston, the shapely redhead he'd been in love with for two years, wasn't in sight. Instead, he came nose to knockers with Bitsy Eshenbach, the Department Manager. A stern, heavy woman, Bitsy towered over most men and managed her crew like a Prussian General.
"Where've you been?"
"Nowhere," Pinckney said, instantly cowed. "This is my first delivery."
"We're having a sale today. I've been looking for this shipment since last week!" Bitsy's frown rippled across her chins. "Why wasn't it delivered before now?"
"Beats me. I don't do the scheduling." He squelched the temptation to volunteer Stimson's name. Just then, Mary Ann peeked out from behind her boss.
"Need any help?" she asked.
"You bet," Pinckney said. The redhead's smile banished his earlier homicidal mood. She squeezed by the cart and eased in next to him. His pulse quickened as he smelled her perfume.
Bitsy bumped his shoulder as she slipped a fleshy arm around the girl and pulled her away. "He can handle it. You can help me rearrange the clearance table. I expect a crowd today."
Pinckney dug into the mound of polyester, searching for hangers. There weren't any. Bitsy called out, "I want 'em sorted by style, size, and color."
As he stood, clutching an armload of Valentine's Day undies and watching the love of his life being taken away, he added Bitsy's name to his list of people to be eaten alive by spiders.

~*~

The catalog lay on the table where he'd run from it the night before, but his mood was so foul he forgot his fear and picked it up. There was only one page between the covers.
How chintzy!
On the inside front cover, opposite an ad for "Mage Wear," the words "Free Gift" caught his eye. Beneath a photo of a shallow, kidney-shaped basin, he read:

Yours FREE! The latest in LIVE communication,
and the ONLY way to talk to us! No wires,
no pesky dial tones, no clunky buttons. Chat
whenever you like! Just put your name, birth sign
and a drop of blood on the enclosed, postage-paid
card, and mail it today. DON'T delay!

When he turned the page the postcard fell out. He supplied everything but the drop of blood.
He examined the catalog. The back page and inside back cover featured an array of items under the heading: "Alchemy." In addition to bottles, vials, cauldrons and other containers, the catalog included two long lists, one labeled "Ready-Mixed," the other "For the Purist."
He glanced at the Purist's list but quickly moved on. He never cared for reptiles, amphibians or parts thereof. The Ready-Mix list, however, contained a number of items of interest. Among the many potions, unguents, poultices and balms were cures for love sickness, palsy, cowardice, stupidity, and bad breath.
The alphabetical list seemed endless, possibly because the lettering was so small he often lost his place. Looking back at the top of the list, he expected to re-read the first entry, about something to mollify an ague--whatever that was--but instead found a listing for an herb to deracinate a tree spirit.
Hoping he'd never need to do that, he returned to the front page to look over the clothing no well-connected mage could do without, and found offerings from a medieval, magical library instead. In lieu of hats, cloaks, robes, and sandals, Pinckney found books and scrolls. It even had a section devoted to "graven tablets" of stone, clay, wood, or bone, and "absolutely nothing artificial"--guaranteed!
He turned to the back, but instead of the alchemic offerings, he discovered a menagerie of "familiars." As usual, a variety of photos accompanied the lists and descriptions. This time the list included cats, monkeys, minor demons, common reptiles, wolves, dragons, and insects.
He presumed the bugs were for those on a budget and looked for a price. There wasn't one. He looked to see if the books and scrolls were done the same way but found them replaced by a page of ads for real estate.
He decided un-real estate would be more descriptive. The choices included castles, towers, cottages, huts, hollow trees, natural caves, coffins, and an assortment of small, dark places.
He'd seen enough. The catalog would be his salvation. After pricking his finger with a pin and touching a drop of blood to the postcard, he went to bed. For the first time in years, when he thought of Stimson and Nevins, he smiled.

~*~

When the package finally arrived, Pinckney shredded the plain, brown wrapper and uncovered a box made of thin wood. He opened it and found a shallow, kidney-shaped bowl like the one he'd seen in the catalog. The sides of the ceramic vessel were uneven in height and thickness, the glaze irregular in color and texture. It went from a smooth shiny green at the outer ends to a dull rough umber near the middle.
He searched the packing material for instructions and found a velvet bag containing a tiny, glass vial. The stopper was wired in place with a little tag attached which read:

        Fill bowl to rim with water pure.
          Add but a drop to speak.

Pinckney rushed to the sink, filled the basin, and put it on the table. He opened the vial and held the dropper with an unsteady hand. A single drop instantly calmed the water. In moments, it became cloudy and continued to get darker. Within a minute, it turned flat black.
Pinckney waited a while longer, hoping something would happen. Nothing did.
"Big deal," he said, turning away.
"What's a big deal?" asked a voice from the basin.
Sphincter tightened, Pinckney continued his turn until he'd gone full circle and stared into the bowl. A face stared back.
It appeared friendly, if slightly bored, and pleasantly feminine with large eyes and dimples.
"You startled me," he said.
"Sorry," said the face.
Fascinated, he touched the water.
"Hey, watch it! What d'ya think you're doing?"
"Oops--sorry. You felt that? Neat! This is better than interactive TV, except there's no color. How come?"
"Didn't you read the instructions?"
"Sure. And I used one drop, just like it said."
"You filled the bowl with tap water, right?"
Pinckney frowned. "Is that bad?"
"Not if you like black and white. Either the chlorine or the fluoride screws things up. Next time, follow instructions. If you don't understand something, ask me--that's terribly important. With magic, you don't want to make mistakes."
"Gotcha. Are you, like, an operator, or what?"
"More like tech support."
"And I can place orders with you? 24-hours a day?"
She closed her eyes and exhaled. "Yeah."
"What's your name?" 
"Cleopatra."
He looked at her from the corners of his eyes.
"Some things you just don't ask," she said. "I can see you've got a lot to learn about The Art."
"Cleopatra?"
"Okay, that name sucks. How 'bout 'Belle'? Will that do?"
"Sure," Pinckney said. He stood quietly, smiling and savoring the moment, then clapped his hands. "Okay, let's start with some people at Lemhoffer's--two guys especially. I don't want 'em dead, exactly, but I'd like to be able to hurt 'em if--no, when--they give me a hard time. Then there's Bitsy. Let's turn her into a toad or-- Hey! I'll bet you could suggest something really disgusting! And Mary Ann, of course--I'll need a love potion or two. And books! Cripes, I almost forgot--"
"Enough already!" Belle shook her head. "Who do you think you are, Merlin? We're talking magic here--you can't just jump in at the top. You've got to work your way up."
"The brochure said I could have any of this stuff!"
"You can, but 'having' it and 'using' it are two very different things."
Pinckney jammed his hands in his pockets and humped his shoulders up around his ears.
"What's the matter?" she asked. "Look, have you ever bought a pair of really good running shoes?"
He looked down at his WalMart sneakers. "Sure."
"Well, when you first put them on, were you able to run the hundred in ten flat?"
"No." He'd never run a hundred yards in his life.
"So what makes you think you can do magic the first time you try?"
"I see your point."
"Okay," Belle said. "Now, what'll we start with?"
He grinned. "Maybe turn Charlie Stimson into a frog?"
Belle looked at him, then smiled. "Why bother? I get the impression he's already an asshole."

~*~

Pinckney worked at his magic fanatically. He learned that for every spell he cast, he needed a focus--something closely related, if not previously attached, to the person or thing the spell was meant to effect.
For instance, the focus for a spell to quiet the mutt next door was a bit of the animal's fur. Pinckney obtained it from the beast's tail about an hour after it consumed a Quarter Pounder with cheese and a side order of Nembutal. Fur in hand, Pinckney followed Belle's instructions with exquisite care for three days, eager to see the results.
Having scribed the last rune and burnt the last bit of fur, Pinckney walked out to the neighbor's fence. The dog attacked. Closing to about twenty yards, it opened its toothy maw and let out a throaty chirp, then lurched to a stop, a look of pained confusion on its face. Pinckney went back inside.
"It worked!"
"Of course it worked," Belle said.
Pinckney tucked in a loose shirt-tail; his slacks felt a size too large. "Do all spells take so long?"
"You'll learn short cuts. The dog spell didn't have to take three days."
"I did everything you told me."
"And some things I didn't," she added.
"Like what?"
"Like, which end of the dog did you get the fur from?"
"The tail."
"And which end makes the noise?"
Pinckney blinked. "You mean, if I had clipped its ear instead of its tail, the spell would've worked faster?"
"By a couple days."
"Why didn't you tell me?"
She looked at him intensely. "You must learn to ask questions. I can't say it any more plainly than that."

~*~

It had been a week since he cast a spell on the dog, and he enjoyed more uninterrupted sleep than he'd had all year, but though his nights improved, his days were as lousy as ever.
"Aw, c'mon, Pinko," Nevins said, "lemme see yer tattoo. It's a pansy, right? How sweet."
Pinckney tried to ignore him.
"Been back to see your girl friend at the strip joint?" Stimson gave Nevins a comradely poke. "Or does she give you a private show?"
"You're disgusting," Pinckney said. "Why don't you leave her alone? She's never done anything wrong."
Nevins grinned. "Everything about her is right."
"I dunno," Stimson said, "her left's pretty nice too!"
Feigning indifference, Pinckney aimed a freight hamper at the elevator. It was his first delivery of the day. The cargo featured pool toys.
"Reach!" Stimson cried when the elevator arrived.
Pinckney turned and Stimson soaked the front of his slacks with a high-pressure water gun.
Soundlessly, Pinckney closed the doors and hit the 'down' button. Their laughter followed him to the basement.

~*~

Pinckney paced in front of the kidney-shaped bowl. "Damn it, Belle, I've had it!"
"Then do something about it," she said. "You've got thousands of spells to choose from."
Pinckney hitched up his slacks: a new pair--the only ones that still fit. "Can't you suggest something? Any spell I come up with will probably take a year."
"You know I can't. All choices must be yours. However...."
Pinckney stopped pacing. "What?"
"It might not hurt to give you some hints. A subject's vanity is often a good place to start. Think about his personal habits--grooming, the way he dresses, his physical conditioning."
"Stimson's in pretty good shape." Pinckney stood with his hands on his hips. "Maybe I can find out where he goes."
"You'll need more than that."
"A focus?
"Exactly."

~*~

The heavy door swung open on silent hinges as Pinckney administered the obligatory grunt he knew would bring him to the attention of the mob inside. He had entered Stimson's temple, where one's body was more than merely a vessel for the soul. It was the object of the worship.
The sanctuary was resplendent in brass, oak, and leather, with carpeting deep-hued and luxurious. A well-populated juice bar stretched the length of one wall. Rock music gushed from hidden speakers and pumped out a base so profound that Pinckney's sternum bounced to the beat. The textures, colors, and sounds oozed testosterone, jet fuel, and sweat.
Loungers had two means of viewing the action: a glass wall, perpendicular to the juice bar, overlooked a dozen racquetball courts, and a bank of television sets monitored proceedings in the weight rooms, aerobic hall, and pool.
Pinckney stared at the monitors, then at the courts, hoping to spot Stimson before someone asked for his own credentials.
He exhaled as Stimson and a Hercules clone arrived, drenched with perspiration, and proud of it. Wearing only shoes, shorts, and sweat bands, they approached the bar and placed an order.
"We need a minute to get cleaned up," Stimson said.
"No sweat," said a barmaid. All three laughed.
Pinckney followed them to the locker room. He waited until they were in the showers, then approached the pile of sweaty clothing they'd left on a bench. Smiling at his own foresight, Pinckney slipped Stimson's sweaty head band into a sandwich bag and stuffed it in his pocket.
He retraced his steps to the entrance. No one stopped him, or even looked his way, proving that in some circumstances he needed no spell to be invisible.

~*~

With the catalog open in his lap, Pinckney listed maladies suitable for Stimson.
"Forget the complicated ones," Belle said from the bowl, "if you want to finish any time soon."
"I do, but I want it to last, whatever it is. Any ideas?"
Belle cut her eyes at him.
"I know, I know--I've gotta make the choices." He examined his list. "How 'bout a wart? A great, big, ugly one."
"That'd work," Belle said, "and they're hard to cure."
"Nah. He'd have it removed right away." Pinckney absently scribbled on his pad, drawing circles of various sizes. He drew one inside another and colored the smaller one, like a target.
"What about a third eye?"
"It's time-consuming, but you could handle it. Although in some places, a third eye isn't terribly unusual."
Pinckney laughed. "It would be at Lemhoffer's! How long would it take?"
"A month, maybe. Does he wear glasses? That'd be a better focus than the headband."
"I want something faster." He scrolled through the catalog, squinting at the tiny letters, until he found a promising header: Lesions. "Yum! We've got 'Abscesses, boils, furnuncles, pimples, pustules, sores, and ulcers.'"
He read through the descriptions. "Carbuncles! A couple of those ought to do the trick."
"They can be serious y'know," Belle said.
"Oh? Well, so can I."
"You're sure you want a spell for carbuncles?"
"Absolutely."
"Done. Give me a moment." Her image disappeared briefly. The color of the water shifted from flat black to cloudy gray, and a woman's hand appeared. Clutching a rolled parchment, it rose clear of the water, yet not a drop clung to it or the paper.
Pinckney shuddered, though he'd seen it before. The hand surrendered the document, then slipped back out of sight. Seconds later, Belle's face reappeared.
"I don't think I'll ever get used to that," he said.
"You'd be amazed at what you can get used to."
"One thing I'll never get used to is Stimson on my back. If only he weren't so much bigger than me."
Belle nodded. "We can work on that, too."
"What--make me bigger?"
"Not exactly."
"Make him smaller?"
She shook her head. "Spells with a quick pay-off use perception, not reality. It's easier to make you look bigger than it is to increase your mass." She squinted at him. "But that's another choice you'll have to make."
"Then, do it. I'm tired of looking like a geek."

~*~

Lunchtime at the mall: a two-hour period during which the Food Court traded all pretense of order for unrestrained bedlam. Pinckney sat two tables away from Bitsy and Mary Ann, wishing he had the courage to ask the redhead out. Maybe I will--once I make myself look bigger. He strained to hear them.
"I've been doing it for a couple years," Mary Ann said. "It's a great way to make extra money."
Bitsy said something he couldn't make out.
Mary Ann nodded. "You're right. Most people would never think of doing it."
Pinckney's heart beat a little faster. He abandoned the rest of his Filet o' Fish.
"Just a couple nights a week. Stripping's not hard work, but I don't want to burn out, either."
Oh, God, he thought, It's true!
"I was hesitant the first time," she said, "but the customer never complained, so I guess I did it right. Now, it's easy!"
How could you? Pinckney stood and backed away from the table. Mary Ann noticed him and waved. Rattled, he nodded, unable to speak. Bitsy stared him down.
Pinckney fled.

~*~

He'd only worked on the spell for two days when he saw results. Stimson came to work with a huge pimple on his forehead. It was Pinckney's proudest moment.
The sore grew. On his lunch hour, Stimson tried to hide it with a Band-Aid, but the blister was too tender. By midday, its size had doubled, and Stimson was painfully self-conscious about it.
"Wow, Charlie, nice zit," Pinckney said. "World class!"
Stimson glowered at him.
"And it's getting bigger!" Pinckney moved his chair away. "It won't explode, will it?" C'mon, squirm, you bastard.
"Get lost," Stimson said.
"I don't get off for another hour," Pinckney said. He lowered his voice. "Y'know, Charlie, it looks kinda phallic."
Stimson frowned. "'Phallic?'"
"Penis-like."
Stimson lurched to his feet, threw open the middle drawer of his desk and ransacked it until he found a small mirror. He used it to examine the sore.
Pinckney smiled. "You know how cruel people can be. Imagine the names they'll use to describe that!"
Stimson stormed out, leaving Nevins in charge.
Pinckney chuckled as Nevins sat at Stimson's cluttered desk. "What's so funny?"
"Revenge," Pinckney said, leaning back in his chair.
"What are you talking about?"
"That king-size zit on Stimson's forehead."
"What about it?"
Pinckney tapped his chest. "I put it there."
Nevins scowled. "Yeah, right."
"It's true," Pinckney said. "Remember that next time you guys mess with me."
At the end of his shift, Nevins called Stimson at home.

~*~

The cuffs on Pinckney's new slacks dragged on the floor and the tips of his fingers were the only things visible at the end of his sleeves. "What's gives, Belle? I'm shrinking!"
"Side effect," she said.
"'Side effect'? How long does it last?"
"That depends."
"Can't you ever answer a question straight out?"
She blinked large blue eyes. Using bottled water in the basin brought her image through in color. Her hair was a glossy black, her lips a soft, warm red.
"Sorry," she said. "I forget you're still new at this, 'cause you're learning so fast."
"I try."
She smiled. "You've got image-casting down perfectly. It almost fools me. You look bigger than the day I first saw you. But we need to work on your confidence, especially with females."
He stared at the floor. How are you supposed to react when you find out the girl you love is a fallen woman? He focused on his soiled cuffs, and then changed the subject. "What about these side effects?"
"Magic requires energy--lots of it, especially when you're just learning. Until you can channel it from nature, The Art converts your body mass to energy."
"How long does that go on?"
"Until you learn how to avoid it."
"Belle, you're doing it again!"
She flinched. "How am I supposed to answer that? You might as well ask me how much a fish weighs."
"Okay," he said, "at my present learning rate, how long will it take?"
"It depends on the choices you make."
"Belle!"
"I'm serious. The more magic you use, the faster you'll shrink, and the less time you'll have to learn to avoid it."
"What if I eat a lot, and exercise?"
"And not cast any spells?"
Pinckney considered it. "Maybe just some image-casting--"
She looked away. 
"C'mon, Belle, I thought we were friends. How long will it take to learn what I need to know?"
"On your own, picking it up as you go?"
"Yeah."
She cleared her throat. "A couple years, at least."
Oh, swell. He scratched his chin. "What if you helped me--showed me what to work on?"
She closed her eyes. "A few months. Four, maybe."
"So, what's the problem?"
"You..." She cleared her throat again. "It's...."
"Just say it!"
"You don't have four months."
"What?" He stared at the face in the water. "Why not?"
"I told you. It's the side effects. Every time you use The Art, it uses a little bit of you. It's not limited to spells. It applies to everything magic-related, even talking to me."
"Even looking at the catalog?"
"That, too."
"Impossible!"
Belle nodded. "Why do you think it's called magic?"
"If you knew all along, why didn't you warn me?"
Belle's eyes were downcast. "It's not allowed."
"Some friend you are."
"I don't make the rules! I can't follow some and break the others. It doesn't work that way."
"But--"
"Only you can make the choices. And you never chose to ask what the price would be."
"Yes, but--"
"I'm sorry," she said, "I wish it could be different."
Pinckney was fighting off the shock and trying to be rational. "Is there anything else you haven't told me?"
"Probably."
"What the hell does that mean?"
"It means you've got to be more specific."
"You can't talk about anything I haven't specifically asked about?"
She nodded.
He folded his arms. "Then I'll just stop, completely. How 'bout that?"
"There will still be some residual side effects, but once they've run their course it won't cost you any more energy."
"So, if I stop now I won't shrink anymore?"
"Not after the residual effects are over."
Pinckney paced in front of the basin, trying to think of everything he needed to know. If he had to abandon magic, he'd get no more answers. "How much more will I shrink?"
"The active effect is still in progress," Belle said, "the residual effects haven't started. By this time next month you'll be about half the size you were before."
Pinckney stood in front of the basin, stunned. He'd always been smaller than most people. As a child it was the reason other kids picked on him. As an adult it cost him respect.
And now I'll be half my normal size?
"That's marvelous," he said, "just fucking marvelous." He slammed his fist on the kitchen counter. "What else is there? Will I grow an extra head or something? Turn into a giant garden slug? No, wait, not a giant slug, I won't have enough energy for that--I'll be the regular, turd-sized slug, right?"
"No," Belle said. "There's only one other side effect."
Pinckney whirled to face her. "There is?"
She nodded. "Pigmentation."
"Please, don't keep me in suspense. Are we shooting for any particular shade or will it change to suit the season?"
"It's constant."
"That's a relief, it'll make wardrobe selection so much easier." Stepping to the kitchen window, Pinckney held his bare arm to the light. The pink and purple of the tattoo were vivid, but he couldn't detect any change in his skin. "Well, do I have to guess, or should I just wait and let it be a surprise?"
"Green," she said.
He thought for a moment. "Dark or light? I'm rather partial to Kelly green, and forest green would be okay. But not chartreuse. You know--"
"Like the catalog," Belle said.
Pinckney's sarcasm fled as the realization sank in. "The cover, it's...."
She nodded.
"I need some time to think about this," he said.
"You don't--"
"Yeah. You told me."

~*~

He had to find a new job. He'd soon be too small to push the carts. He could use magic, of course, as he did to maintain his image, but that would have to stop soon, too. He went to get his last check. After ten years, the only person I'll miss is Mary Ann.
Nevins cornered him in the stock room. "Hey, Pinko, grab that stationery, will ya? Charlie's sick and we're way behind."
"What's wrong with Charlie?"
"I dunno. Some kinda infection." Nevins flipped through a stack of routing slips.
But I canceled the spell! "I'm not feelin' too good myself," Pinckney said. Besides, stationery weighs a ton.
"And here I thought you'd like a chance to spend some time with 'Little Miss Bump 'n Grind.'"
"Mary Ann doesn't work in stationery."
"She does now. There's gonna be a big sale in a few days, and they had to shift some of the sales people around."
"You're sure?"
"Of course," Nevins said. "Why? You suddenly feelin' better now?"
"I dunno. But maybe I can work through it."
When Nevins left, Pinckney dispersed the image he'd been projecting to save energy.
He pushed on the freight hamper, but it barely moved. He leaned against it, flexed his knees, and shoved. Once moving, he could keep it going without too much strain. When he neared his destination, he projected a normal-sized image of himself.
Bitsy Eshenbach was waiting. "Ah, the wunderkind. Late again. Couldn't they find someone reliable? Or big enough to deliver the cart on time?" She stared at her watch.
He was too tired for intimidation. "Where's Mary Ann?"
Bitsy didn't respond. Her watch had stopped. She tapped the crystal, then shook her wrist, sending shock waves through the cellulite on her arms.
"I thought Mary Ann was working here today," he said.
Holding her watch to her ear, Bitsy continued to look away. "What difference does it make? She's not interested in little boys--" she tapped her watch again, "--like you."
Oh? He needed only a little extra concentration to project an image of himself that would have impressed Goliath.
Bitsy looked up from her watch and stared straight into the chest of an eight-foot tall Pinckney. She tilted her head up, paled, and back-pedaled.
He pitched his voice low. "Where's Mary Ann?"
Bitsy's eyes expanded. "I don't-- I'll go get her."
When she turned away, Pinckney ended the projection. Bitsy had barely cleared the corner when he heard Mary Ann. He shoved hard against the cart and managed to roll it into the main aisle.
Bitsy looked as if she'd just been goosed, but Mary Ann didn't notice. She was too shaken. "I can't believe what I just heard," she said.
"Believe what?" Pinckney asked from behind the cart. Bitsy squinted at him, then wandered away, muttering.
"About Charlie Stimson."
Pinckney frowned. "He called in sick."
Mary Ann shook her head. "He's dead."
"What? How?"
"An infection. They say it went right to his brain."
The carbuncle. Oh, my God!
"I know you worked together." She put a hand on his arm. "Were you close?"
"Uh, well--"
She started to pull her hand away.
"--yeah."
She put her hand back. "Then you must know his family. He had, what--two kids? Three?"
Charlie had children? "I don't know," Pinckney said, "he didn't talk much about his family."
"It's a shame." She squeezed his arm. "I have to run. Just thought you'd want to know." She turned and walked away, the swing of her hips even and rhythmic.
An image came, unbidden, into Pinckney's mind. While watching the departing redhead, he envisioned her on stage, naked, writhing to a tribal beat.
My God, I've just killed a man, and all I can think about is Mary Ann Winston taking her clothes off?
Pinckney ended his last day at Lemhoffer's prematurely.

~*~

"I thought you were going to quit using magic." Belle's surprised face radiated from the dark surface of the water.
"I was," Pinckney said, "but, things have changed. I-- I think I've killed someone."
"The carbuncle, right?"
He nodded. "The infection spread to his brain. Damn it, Belle, he had a family!" Pinckney had brooded about it all the way home. "We've gotta do something."
"Like what--bring him back?" Belle shook her head. "It's been done, but it takes a Master."
Pinckney stared hard at the image in the water, not quite willing to believe what he'd heard. "What'd you say?"
"It takes a Master to bring someone back from the dead."
"You mean it can be done?"
"If you start soon enough, but it isn't easy."
Pinckney straightened as hope flooded through him. "Let's do it!"
"Ridiculous," Belle said. "Even if I knew how, there's no way you'd have the skill."
"There's got to be a way! I didn't mean for Charlie to die--you know that. Belle, please, you've got to help me."
"Why are you so upset? Didn't you say he was a jerk?"
"I did, and he was, but that's not a hanging offense." Pinckney stood in front of the basin, head bowed. "He's got kids."
"Where's the body?" Belle asked.
"I dunno--at the hospital maybe, or the morgue."
"It may be too late." She shook her head again. "When did he die? Any autopsy?"
"I don't know."
She closed her eyes. "How do you expect to bring him back if you don't know where the body is or what shape it's in?"
"Twenty seconds ago I didn't even know it could be done!"
"Okay, okay," Belle said. "But this is too big for me. I'll need help."
"Fine. Do whatever you have to do."
"That's your choice?"
Pinckney nodded, then looked down at the tattoo on his arm. His skin had developed a greenish tint.
"You're sure?" she asked. "The amount of energy required for this is, well..." She swallowed. "...total."
Pinckney exhaled. "Yeah," he said. "It's just--"
"What?"
"I never did get to have lunch with Mary Ann."
Belle smiled gently. "I'm sorry."
Pinckney nodded.
"We'd better get busy," she said. "Get the catalog and the vial. I'll have to pull you in and turn you over to my boss. He's a Master, and he owes me a favor."
"Thanks."
He retrieved the catalog and the vial and stood before the oddly shaped basin. Belle directed him to remove his shoes and socks and step in. "Put the catalog between your feet," she said.
His feet took up nearly all the space in the basin and water slopped over the sides. What remained in the basin was inky dark. Pinckney's legs appeared to end at the ankle.
Though he couldn't see her face, Belle's voice still came through clear. "This is your last step. We'll do the rest from here. Now, open the vial and pour whatever's left on your head."
"Will it hurt?"
"No," Belle said, "you won't feel a thing."
He poured, then waited for a moment.
That's not true--it tingles.
Then everything went away.

~*~

In the crowded food court, Nevins and Stimson shared a cramped table. Bitsy and Mary Ann sat nearby. The women were examining a magazine about furniture restoration.
"That's it!" Mary Ann pointed to an ad. "I wouldn't think of stripping with anything else. It's fast, easy to use, and cheap. Why don't you bring your chair over tomorrow night? I'll pop it in the tank and have it down to bare wood in no time."
A few yards away, Stimson gazed longingly at Mary Ann. "What a babe."
"Yeah," said Nevins. "No wonder that geek had a crush on her. By the way, did he ever come back to work?"
Stimson shook his head. "No one's heard from him since the day you told Mary Ann I was dead."
"That was a mistake."
"Why?"
"Because she hasn't spoken to me since I told her it was a joke." Nevins laughed. "I wonder if she's mad because we tricked Pinko or because you're still alive?"
"Cute," Stimson said. "Now somebody's playin' tricks on me."
Nevins quit laughing. "Oh?"
"Yeah. I got this weird brochure in the mail the other day. Looks like it's made outta green skin."
"No shit?"
"That's not all. There's a tattoo on it." He swallowed. "It looks like the flower we had tattooed on Pinko's arm."
"Oh, Lord," Nevins muttered.
"Except," Stimson added, "this one had thorns." 

~*~

"Belle? Is that you?"
"Yes. I'm glad to see you're awake."
Pinckney sat up and looked around the cavernous room. Huge books with ancient bindings littered the wooden surface beneath him. Shelf-lined walls bulged with materials he remembered from the endless lists in the brochure.
"Where am I?"
Belle smiled. "With me."
"But, I thought--"
"Yeah. Me, too." She explained Stimson's last practical joke. "Since we didn't revivify him, we had a good bit of you left. Not enough to return you to your world, but enough to keep you going." She winked at him. "Guys like you are hard to find."
Pinckney glanced at his arm, which had turned a rich, deep green. The tattoo, however, was gone. He stood and walked to the nearest book, a leather-bound tome with no title. He tried to raise the cover, but it felt like lifting an oak table. He dropped it and scratched his head. "Everything's so big!"
"That's only because you're so small." She reached for him and settled him in her lap like a doll. "In time, we'll build you back up. You can be anything you want to be."
"Anything?"
She nodded. "That pretty much covers it."
He leaned back, his head nestled between her breasts. "I think I'm going to like it here."

~End~

"If you want to lift yourself up,
lift up someone else." --Booker T. Washington


Sara Sweets bit off the arm of the postman and chewed contentedly. She had waited until after the day's delivery in case anything interesting showed up, but nothing had. No surprise there--Tuesday's mail usually sucked.
She ate the other arm. The best thing about voodoo cookies, aside from the taste, was that they worked any time of year. St. Patrick's Day, Halloween, Arbor Day. Didn't matter.
She thought about how her dog, Pretzel, had barely gotten out of the way when the mail carrier tried to kick her--the second time. Sara bit off one of his legs. And then the other. Cookie quadriplegia. She giggled.
Pretzel, curled up at her feet, looked up as crumbs landed on her head. She shook her ears, sniffed at one of the ginger-colored bits, and then ignored it. Pretzel had definite ideas about food. She preferred meat. Fresh or not didn't seem to matter much.
Sara put the remains of the postman cookie in a plastic baggie, sealed it, and dropped it in her apron pocket. It wouldn't do to finish him right away. He needed time to think about what he'd done, and she needed time to remind him in case he'd forgotten. Anybody who'd kick a little dog like Pretzel had probably kicked dozens of others, maybe hundreds. Even thousands. The postman was a piece of work. Well, a piece of something.
She knew where he'd be: Hobart General. Tallulah Hollow wasn't Biloxi, after all. One hospital was plenty.
"C'mon, Pretzel. Time to go." She patted the wicker basket affixed to the handlebars of her bike. The little dog bounded up her leg, jumped into her accustomed place, and curled up again.
Bright fall sunshine and dark ominous shade alternated as she pedaled under stately hardwoods down McGlover Street toward the hospital. Dark and light. Happy, sad. Couldn't have one without the other. She passed through what served as downtown Tallulah Hollow with its cherub-topped fountain. The sculptured water feature had been donated by Senator Hobart's widow, in a partially successful effort to elevate the public's memory of the county's most notorious bootlegger and former state office holder.

~*~

Pretzel had gotten the hang of the therapy dog business pretty quickly, and several patients--mostly children--dearly loved her efforts. It was a boon for Sara who lived for her volunteer work, though she was getting a little too old to be a candy striper. Wanda Wilkins, the charge nurse, had pointed that out often enough. Sara was too polite to tell Wanda that her own retirement was considerably overdue. But, as soon as she managed to find a suitable artifact, Sara would bake a big-ass cookie with Wanda's name on it.
"Hey Miz Sara," said Jarvis Jones, the custodian. Jarvis had bloodhound eyes, a bald head, and a kind heart.
"How's the family?" Sara asked.
"They fine, Miz Sara, jes' fine." He reached down and scratched Preztel's head.
"We got any new customers?"
"Not yet," Jarvis said, "but I heard the ambulance a while ago."
Sara couldn't suppress a smile.
"You wouldn't know 'nuthin' 'bout that, right?"
"Not a thing," Sara said. She stared into his dark eyes. "I heard Jarvis Junior got into some trouble."
"Naw," the custodian said. "A little argument is all."
"With Nora Platt? Nobody has little arguments with Nora. Fact is, nobody in their right mind goes near that woman. She's scary."
"You scared of her?" Jarvis asked, surprised.
"Maybe."
Jarvis crossed his arms and frowned. "Now I've heard ever'thing."
It wasn't that Nora frightened her. It's just that Sara couldn't get close enough to Nora to find an artifact without giving Nora the opportunity to find one of hers. Stalemate. "Is Junior okay?"
"He's not walkin' too good, but he's still workin'."
"Pain?"
"Some."
She put her hand on Jarvis's shoulder. "Want me to look at him?"
"Would you?"
"Bring him 'round to the house after dark."
"You're an angel, Miz Sara. You truly are. I'll see you later." Jarvis turned and walked away, pushing a cart loaded with tools.
"I can't promise anything," she called after him.
Jarvis waved without looking back.
Fortunately, the moon was full. That gave her some options. She was considering them when a door opened suddenly and knocked Pretzel across the floor. The dog regained her footing, if not her dignity, and Sara found herself nose to nose with Wanda.
"Oh, it's you," the charge nurse said.
"You almost squashed Pretzel! She's--"
"Animals don't belong in a hospital. Lord knows what diseases they carry." She leaned forward and touched the strap of Sara's apron with a pudgy index finger. "Ever wash that thing?"
"Of course. I--"
"Next time," Wanda said, "use soap."
Sara decided to make Wanda's cookie even bigger. With sprinkles.
"There's a new patient in 21B. He doesn't like dogs."
"That's okay. Pretzel doesn't like mailmen."
Wanda fixed her with a suspicious glare. "How'd you know he was a mailman?"
"There's only about two secrets left in the Holler, and neither involves him."
Wanda scratched her head.
"I saw his mail bag in the ambulance when I came in," Sara added.
Wanda sniffed, then stared at the dog. "The animal needs washin', too." 
Lots and lots of sprinkles, thought Sara.
Wanda waved her down the hall. "Check with me before you leave."
"Why? You gonna give me a paycheck?"
"We need to talk is all. Don't forget."
She left them alone in the hallway. Sheer habit caused Sara to look down at the floor where she spotted a long hair. She held it up to the light. Red. Just like Wanda's. She pulled out an empty baggie, sealed the hair in it, and stored it beside the leftover postman cookie.
The rest of the day passed without incident, and Sara almost forgot about checking in with Wanda before she left. Pretzel remembered. She growled as they walked past Wanda's office. 
Sara knocked on the door, then entered. "You wanted to see me?"
Wanda looked over the top of her glasses the way old doc Swensen did. She probably thinks it makes her look intelligent.
"We've decided to terminate the Candy Striper program," Wanda said. "It's old fashioned, and doesn't do much for the patients."
"When did--"
"And no more therapy dogs, either."
"What? Why?"
Wanda inspected the ceiling. "It isn't sanitary. I'm surprised you got away with it as long as you did."
"Who decided this?"
"The Administrative Team."
"I didn't know we had one."
"We've always had an advisory committee. Now we've got a new chief administrator, and he values our input."
Sara could imagine what input Wanda supplied. This definitely meant a stop for sprinkles at the Piggly Wiggly on her way home. She would have preferred to shop at the tiny grocery run by the Babsons, but they'd retired, and no one wanted to compete with a big chain store.
"So, that's it," Wanda said, standing. She held out her hand. "Thanks for everything. We'll call if we think of something else you can do."

~*~

Jarvis and Jarvis Junior arrived about the time Sara finished the dishes. She seated them at her kitchen table where the light was best and served them sweet tea and Nutter Butter cookies. The store-bought brand clearly put Junior at ease. 
"What d'ya 'spose set old Nora off?" Sara asked.
"Tell her, JayJay," said Jarvis senior. "Tell 'er what upset Nora."
"You know she's a big wig at the hospital," JayJay said.
"Yeah, but I don't know what she does. It sure ain't work!"
The younger Jarvis sipped his tea. "She fires folks. She got Pap fired, but he was too scared to say anything."
"I ain't scared o' nuthin'," Jarvis said. "Least of all some dried up ol' white woman. And I didn't git fired. I got retired."
JayJay shook his head. "Same difference. You won't get a pension."
"Why not?" Sara asked.
"I'm not 'vested.' I've worked there for nineteen years, but I can't get a pension unless I put in twenty."
"Ain't that a bitch," Sara said, shaking her head. "That's pretty low, even for Nora."
JayJay set his glass down forcefully. "That ain't the half of it. You know what folks say 'bout her."
Sara frowned. "No. Whatta they say?"
"She got the power," JayJay said. "That hoodoo shit. She can do stuff."
"Izzat right." Sara sat back. "JayJay, stand up and walk around for me."
He limped around the room, then sat back down.
"Now gimme your shoe," she said. "The left one."
The young man hesitated, then untied his sneaker and handed it to her.
Sara held the shoe up to the light and squinted at it -- all sides. She sniffed it, held it in both hands with her eyes closed, and finally set it on the floor and summoned Pretzel. The dog gave it a cursory inspection, then left the room. When Sara picked it up again, she was smiling. She reached inside and extracted a pea-sized pebble and set it on the table.
She handed him the shoe. "Try it on now."
He did.
"Walk," she said.
To his obvious surprise, the limp was gone.
"I swear I didn't feel that in there before," he said.
Sara was still smiling. "Wasn't no hoodoo."
"I wish fixin' Pap's job was that easy."
She shrugged. "Y'all want more tea?"
They declined and eventually left. Sara cleared the table, put the glasses in the sink, then sat back down and examined the pebble. It was no more nor less remarkable than any other pebble one might find anywhere. Except that when Sara waved her hand over it, the pebble vanished. Satisfied, she finished eating the postman cookie.

~*~

The new chief administrator for Hobart General was a Yankee named J.B. Simion. Sara had no idea what the initials stood for, and didn't much care. Anyone who took suggestions from the likes of Wanda Wilkins and Nora Platt was clearly an idiot and didn't need to be in charge of anything.
Sara rolled out a thin layer of cookie dough and dusted it lightly with flour. She reached into the plastic tub which contained the cookie cutters her mother had left her and selected two generic shapes: one male, one female. Sadly, she didn't have a nurse shape. Nor did any of the rest appear useful: cop, fireman, grocer, clown, soldier, cowboy. A few she couldn't connect with a profession, although one of them favored a priest and another could have been a cheerleader. She opted to use the generic female shape with some extra dough. Voila--Wanda! She would just have to stretch the other generic shape to resemble tall, skinny Nora.
After cutting out the three shapes and adding pertinent details--an extra chin on Wanda and knobby knees on Nora--she stared down at the generic man shape. She didn't know anything about J.B. Simion. She'd never met him. She mashed the dough back into the bowl then removed another gob, tossed it on the counter and rolled it out. At long last she smiled. There was a little something she knew about Simion after all. She tossed the generic man cookie cutter back into the container, and pulled the clown figure out.
She used a lot of sprinkles on all three.

~*~

"What's this all about?" Wanda asked as she entered the room set aside for administrative meetings. It doubled as the gathering place for the Tallulah Hollow Kiwanis on the second Tuesday of every month. Sara liked the Kiwanis. They were always busy with projects to help the unfortunate, and Tallulah Hollow had more than its share.
"It's just a little gesture of 'preciation," Sara said. "Pretzel and I thought it would be a nice way to say thank you for letting us be a part of Hobart General all these years."
"You brought the dog?"
"Oh my, yes. We made a farewell visit to the children's ward this morning. They were sad to hear Pretzel wouldn't be coming back."
"I hope you explained to them about the sanitation issue," Wanda said. "We're only looking out for their well being."
"Yes'm. I explained that in detail. And also that Mr. Jarvis wouldn't be around any more."
"They know him?"
"Hardly a day goes by when he doesn't drop in to tell 'em a story about how lucky they are to be at Hobart General, and how sick kids who come here almost always get better."
Just then Nora and a man entered the room. "Mr. Simion, this is a former volunteer, Sara Sweets. Nurse Wilkins you already know."
He nodded at both of them.
"Y'all just have a seat and git comfortable," Sara said. "I've got some cookies and sweet tea for you."
"We're all rather busy," Wanda said. "We lost a patient last night."
"The mailman?" Sara asked.
Mr. Simion appeared alarmed. "How'd you know?"
"Lucky guess," Sara said. "He didn't look very good when I talked to him yesterday."
"You spoke to him? He was in intensive care."
Sara smiled. "I never said he spoke back. I just chatted away like I always do."
When Wanda stopped rolling her eyes, she focused on the plate of cookies Sara left in the middle of the table. "Did you make those?"
"Yes'm," Sara said, pouring iced tea into four tall glasses. She passed them around.
J.B. Simion reached for a cookie, but Nora brushed his hand away. "Don't forget, we're going out to lunch in awhile. I'd hate for you to ruin your appetite."
"I'm sure one cookie wouldn't hurt."
Nora cleared her throat. "Fact is, we should all watch our sugar intake." She gave him a glare that nearly melted the buttons on his sport coat.
Simion withdrew his hand.
"Suit yourselves," Sara said, reaching for a cookie. She selected the thickest one, its top crusted with multi-colored sprinkles and held it up for all to see. "It's an old family recipe. Most folks love 'em."
Nora swallowed hard as Sara took a slow, loving bite of the confection.
Wanda and Simion sipped their tea. Nora watched them closely. Eventually, she sipped from her own glass.
"This is really quite good," Simion said. "The flavor is--"
"Unusual," Wanda said. "But... delicious."
Nora yawned, then straightened. "I quite agree. May I have some more?"
"Certainly," Sara said. "There's plenty."
Wanda and Simion yawned, too, but managed to empty their glasses. Sara refilled them.
"Would you mind if I invited our custodian to join us?" Sara asked. "It's his party, too."
"Sure, sure," Simion said.
Nora put her head on the table and snored.
Wanda pointed at her and laughed, then slumped sideways in her chair.
"S'matter with them?" Simion asked.
Sara shrugged. "Tired, I reckon."
Simion's head hit the table with a thud.
Jarvis opened the door and peeked in. "You okay, Miz Sara?"
"Absolutely," she said, biting the head off the clown cookie.
The custodian reacted to the three sleepers with alarm. "Didja kill 'em?"
"'Course not," Sara said. "They'll be fine, long about tomorrow. For now, we need a gurney and your truck."
"You sure about this?" Jarvis asked.
"Damn skippy," Sara said. "Now go round up that gurney."

~*~

Sara and Jarvis sat in the cab of the custodian's pickup. Though long past its prime, the vehicle was far more practical than Sara's bicycle for moving bodies. They stared across the street to the fountain where, except for their sparkly party hats, Nora, Wanda and Simion were as naked as the concrete cherub.
Jarvis spoke without taking his eyes from the trio wading around the fountain. "Tell me again why they movin' so slow."
"That's 'bout top speed for a zombie," Sara said. "Plus, the water slows 'em down a might."
"Why don't they just climb out?"
"They're followin' orders. Can't do anything else. I told Simion to chase Wanda, but not catch her. Told Wanda to chase Nora and Nora to follow Simion. They'll keep it up for another couple hours unless somebody ties 'em down."
Jarvis pointed at the photographer from the Tallulah Hollow Ledger, the weekly paper. "They could end up bein' famous."
"I 'spect so," Sara said. She handed him a cookie, and they munched contentedly as more and more locals gathered to watch Hobart General's administrative team doing laps around the town's cherished water feature.
"How'd you do it?" Jarvis asked.
"It was the tea. I call it zombie juice, but it's pretty much just tea with a little somethin' extra added to it. It's harmless. They'll be back to normal in no time. 'Cept they'll most likely be unemployed."
Jarvis suddenly looked worried. "Back to normal? They'll have us locked up for sure. What're we gonna do?"
She patted his hand. "They might remember going to the hospital, but after that everything's going to be a blank."
"You sure?"
Sara laughed. "Zombie juice only works during a full moon, but that's the only drawback." She gave him a hug. "You want another cookie?"

~End~

About the author:

Josh Langston lives and works in suburban Atlanta. His prize-winning short fiction has been published in numerous magazines and anthologies. He and Canadian author Barbara Galler-Smith have written a series of best-selling historical fantasy novels. Druids and Captives, the first two books in the trilogy, are available in print as well as in E-book format at Smashwords.com. The list of additional short fiction titles continues to grow.

See him here: Josh Langston's author page on Smashwords or try these Smashwords links for easy access:

A Little Primitive ** -- A contemporary thriller featuring a two-foot tall Indian on a mission to save his clan, and a woman hiding from her psychotic ex-husband.
A Little More Primitive ** -- The little warrior returns -- with his lady love! Alas, the apple of his eye is kidnapped. Once again, the little primitive springs into action.
Resurrection Blues ** -- A novel of discovery and liberation set in a town that doesn't exist (at least as far as tax collectors are concerned).
Mysfits -- A six-pack of urban (and suburban) fantasies.
Six from Greeley @@ -- Timeless tales from a town that never grew up.
Dancing Among the Stars -- A six-pack of science and speculative fiction.
Christmas Beyond the Box @@ -- Six holiday tales of mystery and magic.
The Best Damned Squirrel Dog (Ever) -- A Civil War ghost story.

Books co-authored with Barbara Galler-Smith:

Under Saint Owain's Rock ** -- A contemporary romantic comedy. (Don't miss the sample chapter beginning on the next page.)
Druids -- ** The first century BC adventures begin.
Captives -- ** The Druids saga continues.
Warriors -- ** The final book in the Druids trilogy (debuts May 2013).

**Also available in paperback.     @@Audiobook available from Audible.com
(List last updated on Mar. 13, 2013.)

Connect with Josh online at http://www.joshlangston.com

Bonus! Here's the opening chapter of A Little Primitive. This rousing contemporary thriller earned Josh Langston a nomination as Georgia Author of the Year for 2013 from the Georgia Writer's Association. 




Chapter 1

Meet and greet


Tori had seen the cat chase something under the cabin earlier that morning. Mice were always getting into the decrepit log structure, and Tori's early efforts to keep them out failed utterly. Hence, the cat. The mice still got in, but they probably developed ulcers in the process. Tori didn't especially like cats. Most of them treated her with indifference, just like the gray tom at work under the cabin. They shared some space, and that was about it. The cat didn't have a name, which suited them both just fine.
When the cat screamed, Tori went looking for it. She hurried out the cabin's only door and knelt to look beneath the building. Rocks piled under the corners and at strategic locations in between held the cabin off the ground and helped to keep vermin at bay. Some of it anyway.
Tori peered into the darkness expecting to see the cat torturing a rodent. Some folks thought that sort of thing was cute. Tori rated it somewhere between bear baiting and dog fighting. She didn't like mice, but she had no desire to see them suffer.
The cat screamed again, and this time it flew out from beneath the cabin as if strapped to a rocket. Score one for the mice, Tori thought. Damn cat was getting way too uppity. Then she heard a faint coughing sound. The heavy shade made it impossible to see anything clearly. She heard the cough again. It seemed almost human, but higher pitched.
A child? She abandoned the thought as easily as it came to her. There were no children out here. Hell, she hadn't seen an adult in over a week. That was the whole reason she'd bought the cabin in the first place. The town of Charm, Wyoming, was a good twenty miles away, and she could count on one hand the people she knew there: Caleb Jones, a pleasant old cowboy who owned the town's grocery, Chet Andrews, a horny realtor she hoped never to see again, and Maggie Scott, a park ranger with a penchant for pinochle and whiskey sours. 
Another cough.
What the hell was it? Coyote? She'd seen and heard them often enough, but they never came near the cabin. It would have been different if she kept chickens or other livestock, but she had no interest in ranching. Her freezer was full, as were her cupboards and liquor cabinet. She had plenty of gas for the generator which supplied all the power she needed to live in comfort and solitude. She had satellite connections for her phone and computer. She could play her stereo as loud as she wanted, and usually did. Just then, however, the only thing to complement the cough was silence.

~*~

Mato squeezed himself into the darkness. A menacing shadow moved about the edges of the building, searching for him. It moved in a clumsy sideways shuffle that would have made him laugh if he weren't in pain. He dabbed at the open wounds on his chest and abdomen with an amazingly soft garment he'd found while exploring. It consisted of two roughly triangular pieces of thin, supple cloth connected at the corners. The widest edge was made from some sort of stretchy material. Reyna would love it. He imagined how delicious it would feel to curl up with her in the sensuous fabric. Unfortunately, the steady flow of his blood suggested he might not have the chance to realize the dream.
How stupid! He should have known there would be an animal on guard. Though tiny compared to the great cats that roamed the mountains, this one moved just as swiftly. And just as quietly. He hadn't had time to draw his weapon before the beast knocked him to the ground. Sharp talons had raked his upper body leaving deep gashes. Messy, but survivable if he could get home. That didn't seem likely with the other monster lurking beyond the shadows. It wasn't too big to crawl in and grab him, but it moved so sluggishly he knew he could evade it if he stayed awake. 
He leaned back against the stacked stone supporting the building. He wanted to sleep. He needed to sleep. And it would have been easy. Too easy. The cat would eventually return. Though he had stabbed it, the wound was superficial, and he'd had no time to properly prepare his weapons. Without such preparations it would have taken three or four hunters to kill the beast and haul away the meat. 
What had he been thinking? Hunters were supposed to know better! One didn't go alone into a strange place, especially not one occupied by a giant. He rubbed his face with both hands. Little Reyna would never know what happened to him. He hated that thought. But what he hated even more was the thought that someone would try to take his place and claim Reyna for his own. 
Mato coughed again. The pain in his lungs was a match for the ragged furrows in his flesh. He was doomed. It didn't matter much whether he was consumed by the cat or the giant. Logically, he knew it would be better for The People if the cat got him. Then, he'd just be food. If the giant got him, however, it might be tempted to look for others of his kind. The People would never allow themselves to be caught, he knew. Outposts would sound an alarm, and The People would disappear into the wild, away from the dreaded giants once again. They'd move without him -- without a thought of his heroic efforts to discover the source of the amazing music the giant produced. It's what attracted him so close in the first place.
He leaned forward and peered around the edge of the piled stone. The giant was nowhere to be seen. Nor was the cat. Had they both given up? His heart began to beat faster. He might get away after all!
The music started once again. Amazing, ethereal sounds drifted down from the cabin overhead. They lifted his spirits and gave him new strength. How could they make such music? The giants were insanely clever with their machines, everyone knew that. But making music -- real music -- required a soul. And a voice. This wasn't voice music. No harmony could match the breadth and depth of these amazing sounds. If only Reyna could hear them, and feel the emotions they stirred, she would be his forever.
He closed his eyes and smiled. He would rest a little. Then escape. As soon as the sun went down. But his world went dark before the giant's did.

~*~
 
Tori hadn't completely given up on the idea of finding what was under the cabin, especially if the cat failed to drag it out and leave it by the door as he usually did. The last thing she needed was something bleeding to death and then stinking up the place. Lord knew what kind of creatures would come to investigate. She shivered involuntarily then pressed shuffle on the CD player. Saint-Saëns' "Organ Symphony" poured out of the six speakers mounted around the cabin's interior. Tori smiled in sheer delight as the music rolled over her, all thoughts of the cat and its prey relegated from "act now" to "screw with it later."
She sat in the lounge chair that filled the area she'd dubbed the living room. It was also the kitchen, bedroom, library and writing studio. There actually was a separate room for the toilet and bath. She'd insisted on that before she moved in. She didn't have to bathe every day, but having the option was essential. She wanted remote, not primitive.
Eyes closed, she ignored everything as the lush strains of the symphony suffused her world. When it finally ended, replaced by a haunting Gaelic soprano, she eased herself out of the chair and back toward the door. Though concerned at first by the cat's cry, she could see only a small wound on his chest as he squeezed past her into the cabin. No limp, very little blood, and thankfully, no little dead surprise in its mouth. That was likely still beneath the cabin.
Grabbing a stout flashlight from beside the door, Tori started back outside. Her hand drifted toward the shotgun, and briefly rested on it, before she snorted at her own fears and left it behind. Lowering herself to all fours, she clicked on the light and peered into the shadows. Nothing moved. She strained to hear another cough, but only heard the warble of a meadowlark. An odd bird, she thought. Kinda like me. 
She swept the beam of light from one side to the other but saw nothing of interest except a snake skin. It looked huge. Which suggested its former occupant was well fed. Goosebumps formed on her arms as she forced the thought aside. She had no time for snakes. Dead ones, anyway. She kept the shotgun near the door in the event one of them ever showed itself. With wildlife, she tried to observe a simple live and let live policy, but she had no intention of sharing her home with a snake. Any snake.
Something moved.
Suddenly tense, Tori moved the light even slower, concentrating on the spot where she thought she'd detected movement. There was still no sound. After a solid minute of silence, she worked her way around the corner of the building, still splaying her light on the footing she thought might be hiding the cat's prey. Please let it be something without teeth, she pleaded, though to whom she couldn't say.
The cat reappeared. It passed her and slowed to a slink a few feet ahead of her. Head low and tail pointed straight up, the tabby moved in creepy silence. 
"Go away," Tori said.
The cat spared her a glance then went back to the search.
"I mean it." Tori flicked a pebble at him.
The cat jerked back and crouched low, hissing and showing its teeth.
Tori threatened it with the flashlight. "Attitude? You're giving me attitude? I don't have to feed you, y'know. I could leave you to fend for yourself. Maybe let you tackle the monster that left that thing over there." She pointed the beam of light at the desiccated snake skin. The cat was clearly unimpressed. It straightened up and walked away as if it had declared itself above the fray. 
"Uppity little prick," Tori muttered. "Shoulda gotten a dog."
She continued working her way around the cabin and soon reached the back side where the ground sloped away leaving a bigger space. She could sit comfortably and probe under the building with the flashlight. The theme from "Riverdance" had just begun when she rolled the circle of light to a stop. She squinted at what she'd found.
Where'n hell had that come from? She scratched her head in bewilderment. This wasn't the first time she'd inspected the underside of the cabin. She'd had to crawl under it when installing insulation and a thick layer of plastic sheeting to keep the insect world at bay. She would've noticed an abandoned doll. Especially one dressed like an Indian.

~*~

Peter Sutherland considered himself a decent assistant district attorney. Neither showy nor superbly intelligent, he had nonetheless produced more wins than losses, for which his boss had been grateful. In retrospect, if he had been brilliant or produced uncanny legal victories, the Bibb county DA might have feared him as a potential rival. But Pete sought only what was rightfully his: a comfortable retirement. In the process, he'd delivered a number of bad people to prison and thereby made Macon, Georgia, and society in general, a better place.
It would have been a significantly better place if his wife, Bonnie, hadn't succumbed to cancer the summer before he retired. With his kids grown and on their own, the four bedroom colonial they'd occupied for so long seemed more like a mausoleum than a home. Which is why Pete spent very little time there. He preferred the "fishing shack" he'd purchased with the insurance money he received after Bonnie's death.
The stylish A-frame overlooked a trout stream in the north Georgia mountains and offered a different kind of solitude. Not only did the place sport every comfy convenience he desired, but he could toss a line from the back deck or stroll along the carefully designed stone steps that meandered down the hillside to a short pier which bordered the stream. He had installed small refrigerators to store his beer in both locations. Pete Sutherland had thought of everything. Except uninvited visitors.
The car which pulled into the driveway looked familiar. It was identical, in fact, to his wife's bright yellow, late model Chevy which had occupied his Macon garage for the two years since her death. Pete's oldest son, Chad, would take the car for a short spin from time to time, mainly to insure it still ran. An investment advisor, Chad often suggested that Pete sell it and put the money in something for himself or his grandkids, but Pete wasn't ready to let it go. Bonnie had loved the ugly car, corny as that was, and he wasn't eager to part with it.
And here it was at the fishing shack. Pete squinted at the vehicle. Chad? No; the driver was too old. And what in hell was he doing in Bonnie's car?
"Mr. Sutherland?" The man walked around the car and straight toward Pete who was standing at the front entrance to the building.
"Yes? Who're you? And what are you doing with my wife's car?" He almost waited for an answer before reaching into his pocket for his cell phone. Naturally, it wasn't there. It sat, batteries dead as stones, on the kitchen counter.
"I hoped you wouldn't mind," the visitor said. "I thought I'd drive up here so's we could have us a little chat."
Pete's eyes narrowed still further, his suspicion unimpeded by fear.
"Do I know you?"
"You should," said the visitor. "Or do you just forget the names of people you send to prison?"

~*~

Tori crawled under the cabin slowly. From the back, there was plenty of room, but she didn't want to give up the flashlight, and she certainly didn't want to put her hands down on something crawly. She'd heard about scorpion stings and had no desire to acquire firsthand knowledge. Besides, the doll wasn't more than ten or twelve feet in.
She didn't pay much attention to the doll while working her way toward it. She wasn't even sure why she bothered. Curiosity mostly. Close enough to reach out and touch it, she put her hand on the doll's leg, fully expecting to feel hard plastic beneath the leather moccasin. Instead, she felt warm flesh and jerked her hand away.
A kid? The damned cat had chased a child under her cabin? Where had it come from? She didn't have neighbors. Nobody drove by on their way to somewhere else. The nearest paved road was miles away and the dirt track which connected it to her parking spot was barely navigable.
"Hey, you okay?" she whispered, not wanting to frighten the little kid, and little it most definitely was. Tiny. Maybe two feet long, or tall, if it had been standing.
It didn't respond.
Tori crawled closer and again put her hand on the child's leg. Still, no response, but she felt sure it was still breathing. Thank God for that, she thought as she slid her hands carefully beneath the body and lifted. It was significantly heavier than she anticipated. Working backwards like a sniper exiting an ambush, she made her way out from under the cabin. She paused when she reached the light and stared down in shock at the body in her arms.
It was no child. Not even close. She held an adult, male Indian in her lap, his chest and stomach swaddled in a blood-soaked pair of her panties. Weird didn't even begin to describe the thoughts flying through her head, not the least of which was the need for better clothes pins. When he moaned, she forced all such thoughts aside and concentrated on his wounds.
The cat had done quite a job on him. Four long, deep gashes crossed his bare chest at a slight angle. Two more decorated his back. She couldn't help but note that he had an impressive physique, despite his diminutive stature. She was tempted to peek beneath his breechcloth, then mentally slapped herself. That's just... icky, she thought. Yet the idea lingered.
She stood with the Indian in her arms, his weight still surprising, and carried him into the cabin. The cat materialized at her feet and stalked her burden as she went.
"Get out, you little monster," she said, pushing the cat toward the door with her foot like a soccer player laying the ball off to a shooter. Except, the cat wasn't having any of it. He gave her an unambiguously disgusted meow and crowded closer, tail aimed at the ceiling, eyes tracking the Indian like radar.
Tori looked for someplace to put him so she could throw the cat out, but the little bugger was intent on finishing the job he had started. She settled for the top of a waist high bookcase and snatched the cat out of the air as it launched itself up from the floor. Tori ignored its struggles and hurried toward the door, clutching the cat firmly to her chest and doing her best to ignore the claws that raked her arm.
In a move so swift that they were both surprised, Tori sent the feline on an arcing heave ho that the cat probably survived. But, since she'd slammed the door before he landed, she couldn't be sure. Not that she cared. 
Thankfully, the Indian hadn't stirred, else he'd have rolled off the bookcase and splattered himself on the floor. Tori grabbed a towel from the door handle of the stove and spread it, one-handed, on the duvet as she relocated the slumbering Indian. He certainly didn't take up much space, and once again she applauded herself for choosing a full-size mattress rather than a single. Her objective had been comfort, rather than elbow room in the unlikely event she invited someone to spend the night.
With the Indian sprawled on his back, Tori gingerly removed his leather vest to get a better look at his wounds. Wincing for him, she slipped his arms free of the supple leather and left it beside him on the towel. The bleeding had slowed, but the wound hadn't closed. If he lived, he'd have scars profound enough to earn the sympathy of biker gangs and black fraternities. Poor schlub.
She retrieved a first aid kit and flipped it open. Surely there was some hydrogen peroxide in here somewhere, she thought. And then she found it.
"Here goes nothin', Tonto," she said as she opened the bottle and poured it on the little Indian's chest.
Instantly, his eyes popped open in obvious shock.

~*~
 
Something cold splashed on Mato's chest and jolted him awake. The bright light blinded him, and he crossed his arms over his face. What was happening?
His heart raced as he looked up into the face of a she-giant. Whatever she had poured on his chest was bubbling like Winter Woman's cauldron. He looked quickly from side to side to find an escape route when it occurred to him that whatever she had poured on his chest didn't hurt. Or rather, it hurt no more than the cuts he'd suffered from the cat. What was she doing?
He looked her squarely in the eyes, but whether he was ready to die or not, he wasn't sure. He only felt profoundly defiant. She might be big, but he wasn't going to give up without a struggle. His hand slipped to his belt, then to his knife. She was so confident she hadn't bothered to disarm him. The obsidian blade was small, but the edge was sharp. Big as she was, he could make her feel pain.
Staggering to his feet, he waved the knife, daring her to make a move. Instead, she merely smiled. She made soothing sounds, like those a mother shared with an infant. She spoke softly. Calmly. He had no idea what she was saying, save that it wasn't threatening.
He stepped back, surprised at the give in the surface beneath him. Springy, and soft, at the same time. Extremely odd.
The she-giant hadn't moved, though her expression changed. She looked concerned and had fallen silent.
"Who are you?" he asked.
She looked at him quizzically but made no answer, so he repeated the question.
"I am Mato," he said, lightly touching his chest. "Mato. Hunter. Stalker of beasts, and dreams."
"Mato," she repeated.
He nodded up and down. "Mato. Mato! Who are you?"
She tapped her own chest and said, "Tori."
Stupid name, he thought. What was a tory? It made no sense. He glanced at the central wall of the cabin and down at the remains of a wood fire. Sitting, he edged toward it, careful not to fall from his perch. When he could go no further without dropping to the floor, he paused. Digging his fingers into the fabric covering the platform, he lowered himself to the floor.
The pain which accompanied his short climb nearly caused him to black out again. The she-giant watched him, her expression of concern deepening when he straightened and groaned.
She reached toward him with something white and fluffy smashed between her thumb and index finger. When he backed away, she stopped and pretended to use the ball of fluff on her own chest. Then she pointed at him and dropped the ball at his feet. Suddenly it dawned on him that she meant to stop his bleeding. Since he had no spider silk handy, he reached for the fluffy thing with both hands and used it to blot the blood on his chest.
Again she spoke to him, her voice soft, low and reassuring. She pushed another of the fluffy wads toward his chest. This time, he held his ground and let her clean his wounds. She was strangely gentle, her touch far from what he expected of a giant, though in truth, this was the first one he'd ever met face-to-face. Still, the treatment was not without discomfort. He tried not to show his pain, but a groan escaped his lips from time to time despite his best efforts.
Each time, she pulled her hand away and frowned. Still weak, he lowered himself to the floor and leaned back against one of the wooden supports that held up the platform, which he surmised was what she slept on. Soft and springy. Truly a marvel.
She turned away for a moment and removed something from the box at her side: a glass bottle. Though similar to other such containers the giants often left behind when traveling through The People's land, this one was smaller and darker. The giant removed a white covering from the end of it and extracted another soft, round, fluffy thing, only this one was wet with an orange fluid. It had a strong smell, almost as bad as some of the potions Winter Woman made. He held his arms straight out as if to ward the giant away.
She paused, and smiled again, murmuring more soft, unintelligible words. If not for her gentle eyes and patient approach, he would have tried to escape rather than allow her to apply her medicine. The giants knew many secrets and had many machines. What chance did he have on his own? He lowered his arms.
She dabbed the liquid on his open wounds. There was a short, sharp sting all along the cuts, and he gasped in surprise before he could stop himself. But the pain quickly subsided.
"Mato," she said, and then added something he couldn't understand. When he didn't react, she pretended to lift something from the floor. It dawned on him that she wanted to return him to the platform where it would be easier for her to treat him. When he nodded his assent, she gently lifted him in both massive hands and carefully lowered him to the same spot as before. She then went back to the box at her side and produced a length of thin, white cloth. She wrapped his torso with the white strips and then secured them with a shorter piece of sticky, white material.
When she was done, he lowered his arms. He still held the knife, and smiled sheepishly at her as he put it back in his belt. "Mato thanks you," he said, formally.
She smiled and said something in response. Though he'd never heard such words, he felt certain he knew what she meant.
He lay back on the sleeping platform as she stood and collected her healing kit and cleaned up after him. He watched as she produced a huge rectangle of cloth which she folded in half twice and placed on the floor in front of the fire pit. She then pointed at him and gestured toward the cloth. Now they both had something to sleep on. When he struggled to sit up, she hurried to him and gently carried him to his sleeping mat.
Where was the cat, he wondered, wishing he knew something of the she-giant's tongue. It was painfully obvious she couldn't understand his words. Moving slowly, he approached the fire pit and extracted a length of partially burnt kindling. She watched intently as he sketched a cat on the hearth, then set the stick aside and shrugged at her.
Again she smiled, and pointed at the door. Then as if to be sure he understood, she acted out the process of grabbing the beast and throwing it outside. Mato laughed. Briefly, because it hurt. They both settled for smiles of understanding.

~*~

A Little Primitive and the sequel, A Little More Primitive, are available now in both ebook and paperback formats from all the usual on-line retailers.

