The Bountiful Garden

Denise Fayhee-Wolf
Copyright 2010 by Denise Fayhee-Wolf
Smashwords Edition

Jamison’s alarm clock had been squawking intermittently for a good fifteen minutes. He grumbled to himself as he rolled over to turn it off. God, I feel like shit, Jamison thought to himself. He winced as he climbed out of bed and headed for the medicine cabinet and the best hangover cure he knew of—a packet of BC powder.
	Jamison had spent Sunday with his buddies down at the bar watching the football game. The post-game festivities—too many bloodies with beer chasers—were taking their toll on him this morning. Oh well, he thought, this too shall pass. Nothing a hot shower and a strong cup of coffee couldn’t cure.
	He looked at the clock. Seven fifteen. He’d have to put a move on it to be ready for his nine o’clock conference call. With sixteen hungry sales managers to lead, and sales down, he had a few asses to chew and some hefty sales quotas to impose. He needed to be on his game.
	Jamison made his way through the living room of his high-rise condo and opened the blinds to reveal a gorgeous view of the city skyline. It was overcast, typical for late November in Nashville, and the sun was bleeding through in pinks and purples. Probably not cold enough to snow, but it wasn’t likely to warm up much either. The weather, Jamison thought, sort of matches my mood.
	At forty-six, Jamison Lucas was on the right side of the fast track to success. Even with sales down, his year-end bonus should put him over $150,000 in earnings. His 401K was solid even if his marriage had unraveled three years earlier. He made his child support payments on time and had a small mortgage on his condo. His owned his car free and clear, and had a decent nest egg started. He could afford impromptu weekend getaways now and then. And while he wasn’t drop-dead gorgeous, he was still good-looking enough to get dates pretty much any time he wanted.
	His relationship with Lily, his fourteen-year-old daughter, was mostly good when he was able to catch up with her. As a busy teenager, their every-other-weekend and every Tuesday/Wednesday schedule wasn’t something they could count on these days.
	But his relationship with her mother, Jen, was definitely getting easier, especially since she’d recently remarried. Jamison was glad that Jen had found someone special. He liked Jeff, her new husband. He could see that they were much better suited for each other, and he was pleased that Jeff was so accepting of Lily.
	Jen and Jamison had married young, when they were both just twenty-two. At the time they believed they were in love, and they probably were. But a good marriage counselor might have predicted that it wasn’t going to be a good or lasting fit.
	In the end, it seemed the traits that had drawn them to each other—her shyness and quiet demeanor, attention to detail, and love of “making a home”; his type A personality, easy way of being able to socialize, and love of the outdoors—were precisely what they came to dislike most about each other.
	The fact that there wasn’t an ugly affair helped to keep things peaceful, but he’d never forget her telling the counselor how it pissed her off when he breathed. “If he’d just quit breathing,” Jen had said, “I’d be fine.”
	Ah, well, Jamison thought, everything’s worked out in the end and it’s all good.
	Pushed for time, Jamison rushed through his shower. He grabbed a freshly pressed white shirt and tie and threw on his favorite Monday-morning suit. He looked at his watch. Just enough time to drop by the coffee shop on his way to the office, he thought.
	Jamison was glad to see Maggie, her unruly curls wrapped in a bandana and eyes smiling brightly, was working the morning shift at the coffee shop. There was something about Maggie that always set his mood right.
	“Morning Mags,” he said, flashing a smile. “You’re looking beautiful as ever this morning. How was your weekend? How’d the show go?”
	“Thank ya, darlin, the show was amazing,” she replied. “Wish you could have been there. There weren’t a ton of people there, but after the show we all stayed and jammed a bit. It was cool.”
	Like so many waitresses, waiters, bartenders, cooks, and clerks in and around Nashville, Maggie worked her day job so that she could pursue her dream of being a singer-songwriter. At thirty-four, she knew that she had probably passed the time when she would make it big as a singer, but that didn’t seem to squelch her desire to make music.
	She wrote for a small music publishing company—even had a couple of songs on hold with Martina—played every chance she got at smaller coffee shops, restaurants, and bars around town, and did what she had to do to make ends meet in between.
	Maggie didn’t own much. Her car wasn’t exactly reliable, but she was able to support herself and had all she really needed. And, she often told Jamison, being able to make music was worth the sacrifice.
	Jamie understood the music part, but not the sacrifice. He had come to Nashville, shortly after college graduation, for the same reason as Maggie—the music. His parents, especially his Dad, thought he was foolish. He had always assumed Jamison would return to his hometown in West Central Illinois and work alongside him in the family insurance business. Even now, Jamison could hear his father’s words of warning, Trust me son, you don’t want to live the life of a starving artist, and most artists are starving.
	Most of the time Jamison argued the point, believing that there was a way to make music his life. But when Jen got pregnant with Lily, and his father’s words resonating in his ear, Jamison's dream of being a professional musician was soon forgotten. Within months of Lily’s birth, he took a job in medical equipment sales that he knew would support his family.
	At first Jamie tried to continue playing gigs, but his job and the new baby required a lot of time and focus, and it wasn’t long before he quit playing altogether. Now, more than a decade later, he still enjoyed catching live music now and then, but he was so out of practice that he had to have several beers in him before he’d pick a guitar in public.
	“Here’s your latte, Jamie,” Maggie said, stepping into his daydream with a tall coffee to go. “There are a few of us getting together to jam around seven this Wednesday at Gardener’s in Franklin,” she said. “Come join us, if you have time and the spirit moves you.”
	“Cool,” said Jamison, “I’ll try to make it.” But they both knew the chances of him being there were slim to none.
	Seventeen minutes later, a quick commute down I-65, and Jamison was at his office sorting through a mountain of emails—worlds removed from music, Maggie, and Wednesday’s jam session.
	Monday sailed by and the conference call was soon behind him. By afternoon, Jamison was making his way through a long list of client calls; following up on last week’s proposals, scheduling meetings, and working with his A-team on Wednesday’s presentation to secure a multimillion dollar contract with Standsell Health Services, his company’s largest client.
	He was immersed in reading through a thirty-five page competitive market analysis when Darrel, his immediate boss, stopped by.
	“Hey, James,” Darrel said. “How’s the presentation going?”
	“Good,” replied Jamie, taking his glasses off and rubbing his eyes. “I’m feeling pretty confident. I spoke with our contact, Sue, at Standsell this morning, and she said we’re pretty much a shoo-in for renewal.”
	Darrel slid into the cushy chair opposite Jamison’s and stared out at the dreary sky.
	“That’s good news,” he said. “No, that’s great news. I don’t need to tell you how important this contract is. I just got word on year-end, profit-and-loss projections and it’s worse than we thought. Not getting this contract could cost both of us our jobs, James. Pull out all the stops. Do whatever you need to do to make certain this one comes in solid.”
	The two sat in silence for a minute. Darrel sighed, lowered his voice and continued, “I gotta admit, Jamie, this year’s about got me down. I’ve got ten years on you, Julie’s heading to college, and Steven’s right behind her. I can’t afford for this to crumble now. Keep up the full court press and let me know if you need me to do anything.” He slapped his hand tiredly on Jamison’s desk for emphasis before heading out the door. “Hopefully we’ll be celebrating with a few shots by Friday afternoon.”
	“Yeah,” said Jamie under his breath, “from your lips to God’s ears.”
	By Tuesday morning, the entire office was scrambling to get the Standsell pitch finalized. The tension was palpable. Worry seemed to be on everyone’s face. Jamie called his team into the conference room for a working lunch. Chicken salad sandwiches, lots of coffee, caffeine-infused energy drinks, and bottled water were scattered across the cherrywood conference table as Jamison reviewed the final presentation with the group.
	There was a time when pitches and presentations were exciting to Jamison—like getting ready for a big game—but something had changed. Maybe it was the pressure or the desperate state of their business. It just didn’t feel much like a game any longer.
	He looked at the faces of his team huddled around the conference room table. Everyone seemed on edge and tempers were short—especially his.
	“Hey, Lisa,” he said to one of his lead sales reps. “Were you able to get those figures from last year that we needed?”
	“I’m still waiting on them to come up from accounting,” Lisa replied. “They promised I’d have them by two this afternoon.”
	“Okay.” Jamison nodded. “Just make certain you have them at two o’clock, no later. We can’t be messing around with this crap. Darrel wants the final proposal on his desk by first thing tomorrow morning. That means we have to have everything wrapped up by end of day today. All y’all better plan on putting in a late night tonight,” he said affecting a southern drawl. “No one leaves until it’s wrapped up with a pretty bow on top.”
	As the meeting broke up, Jamison remembered that tonight was his night with Lily. “Damn,” he said under his breath and dialed her cell phone.
	“Hey Popi,” Lily answered breaking into her usual breathless cadence. “What’s happening? We still on for sushi tonight? Please don’t tell me you’re gonna cancel. You promised,” she whined. “And I really need for you to take me to get that coat I found. I’d rather go without than have to wear last year’s jacket even one more day.”
	“Ah, Lil, I’m so sorry,” said Jamison, imagining the disappointment on her face. “We’re finishing up a major proposal and it doesn’t look like I’ll get out of here until after nine tonight. This isn’t a choice, baby, it’s a command performance. Our ski trip to Winter Park is resting on this win, sweetie. Listen, I’ll make it up to you. Let me get through this presentation. We’ll do sushi at six on Thursday. We can stop by the mall for your coat after we eat. I’ll even throw in a new pair of jeans, just to make it up to you,” he promised.
	There was silence for a moment before she replied “Sure, Popi” in a way that let him know she had half expected him to cancel. “That’ll work. I’ll see you Thursday then. Good luck on your presentation. Love you too,” she said quickly without giving him a chance to say it first, or even reply. 
	Jamison let out a slow sigh, feeling exhaustion tinged with disappointment weighing heavy on his shoulders. “Love you more, baby,” he said, recalling a game they played together when she was younger, though Lily was no longer on the line to hear.
	As he expected, Jamison and his team worked well into the night to wrap up the Standsell presentation. It was nearly midnight before he found his way home and into his bed for a few fitful hours of sleep. Waking to his alarm sounding at six, Jamie wasted no time getting ready.
	With Thanksgiving just a week away, the Standsell deal was the last and largest of many contracts he had to close before the end of the year. It had been a rough couple of months and he made mental note of how relieved he’d be to have this finished. He could feel the game day tension rising inside him.
	Dang, thought Jamie, where’s my confidence? When did this stop being fun?
	He made a quick detour for his morning latte and thought again how pleased he was to see that Maggie was working. Though he’d never even considered asking her out—with her artsy, Bohemian style, she’d be like a fish out of water in his corporate world—he usually tried to make an appearance when she performed and he sometimes wondered whether the coffee stop was part of his morning routine because of Maggie more than the coffee. She must have noticed the worry on his face because she didn’t waste time with small talk.
	“Man, Jamison, you look rough. Bad night?” she asked.
	“Thanks for the compliment, Mags,” Jamison smiled tiredly. “We pulled a late-nighter getting ready for a big presentation. I think I worried more than I slept. Jeez,” he laughed, “I’m sounding like a rookie, like I haven’t done hundreds of these before. Make that coffee extra strong, Maggie,” he said, “I think I’m getting too old for this.”
	He paid for his coffee and as he was leaving Maggie said, “Good luck on your presentation and don’t forget Gardener’s tonight. Seven o’clock. I promise you’ll have a good time. Just stop by even if it’s just for a bit.”
	He assured her once again that he would and headed down the interstate to his office.
	Entering through the heavy, plate glass doors of the office building, Jamison headed straight for the conference room. Darrel and many of his team members were already huddled around the conference room table. The looks on their faces told him the situation wasn’t good.
	“Thank God you’re here,” said Darrel, as Jamison entered the room. “Those numbers that Lisa got you were incomplete,” he said.
	From the corner of his eye, Jamison could see Lisa’s head drop slightly and she shifted her weight nervously. “The proposal won’t work as it is,” Darrel continued. “We’ve got a call into a couple of suppliers to see if we can shave a little off the deal, but we’re going to go down to the wire with this.”
	The room fell silent as they waited for Jamison, notoriously even-tempered, to take it all in. When he spoke, his voice was one of controlled anger. “Damn it, Lisa,” he said. “This is bullshit. This is exactly why we needed those numbers in earlier. I had faith in you. You damn well better hope this doesn’t cost us the deal.”
	Jamison didn’t like surprises and this was one of the worst he could have received, but he wasn’t going to let it get him or his team down. It was time to rise to the occasion and be a leader. He took a deep breath before speaking.
	“Look guys, we’ve got to pull ourselves together,” he said. “This isn’t just about the numbers and we need to remember that. Lisa, get on the phone and make certain we get the revised figures sooner rather than later. The rest of you, let’s focus on making certain that your parts are seamless. Remember, we’ve got history with the client on our side.”
	He quickly fell into his familiar role of coach, rallying his team. They had just four hours before lunch and their meeting. Something deep in his stomach was telling him he was finished, but he knew it was up to him to make certain they were ready to go and he wasn’t going to let them down.
	Spurred on by his renewed burst of enthusiasm and leadership, his team rallied. They arrived at Standsell’s downtown Nashville office ten minutes ahead of time. And it was after five when they emerged, ready to celebrate. Though they wouldn’t get official confirmation until after the Thanksgiving holiday, the clients assured them that theirs was the best proposal they’d seen. They were confident that the two companies would be partnering again in the coming year.
	“Come on y’all,” said Darrel, “let’s stop by for a drink to celebrate. It’s on me.”
	The Standsell offices were just down the street from Nashville’s famous Wild Horse Saloon, and with happy hour picking up steam, the after-work crowd was starting to mingle with the tourists, enjoying the vibe that was unique to this famous music city.
	With the presentation and the pressure behind them, Jamison’s team was easing back into their familiar, relaxed, friendly manner. Telling jokes, rehashing positive and negative moments in the presentation, their spirits were high. By seven p.m., with two drinks each under their belts, one by one they began to disperse. Last to leave, Jamison waited for Darrel to pay the bill, and the pair walked to the front of the bar, squeezing past the now crowded entryway. Nashville at night was just getting started. Within two hours it would be mayhem. A rockabilly band were starting their set on stage and the music reminded Jamison of his promise to Maggie.
	“Want to have just one more at Rippy’s?” suggested Darrel. “I think Townsend and O’Donnell are playing there tonight. I wouldn’t mind catching a song or two plus we could grab a barbecue sandwich.”
	“Nah,” said Jamie. “Thanks, but I promised a friend I’d drop by her show down in Franklin. I better leave it at two if I’m going to make that drive, even in this light snow.”
	“Okay,” said Darrel. “You and your team did a terrific job pulling this together. You deserve a celebration. Enjoy yourself, and I’ll see you tomorrow.”
	They parted ways with the slightest wisps of snow coming down in the crisp night air; Darrel making his way home to his wife and kids, Jamison heading to Gardener’s Pickin’ Parlor in the quaint little town of Franklin, down I-65.

	As one who had lived in Nashville for more than a decade, Jamie was familiar with prosperous Williamson County and the city of Franklin as home to celebrities the likes of Nicole and Keith, Faith, Tim, and Wynonna. It was, he knew, a desirable address for celebrities because they could mostly enjoy anonymity and even get lost in dusty little establishments like Gardener’s.
	He’d been to Gardener’s—a blue jeans, flip flops and cowboy boots kind of place—on a handful of occasions, usually to attend one of Maggie’s gigs. Though he didn’t know him well, Jamie had been introduced to the owner and founder, Miles Gardener, a singer-songwriter from West Texas who had migrated to Nashville nearly three decades earlier. Gardener was, from Jamie’s perspective, a character of the first degree, with wispy gray hair and a usually unlit cigar clinched between his teeth.
	Jamie had heard that Gardener had written nearly a thousand songs and that several had been recorded, but like most, Jamie knew Gardener best for his position as bartender at the legendary Brown’s Diner in Nashville. Like many of his fellow musicians, Jamie had spent some time in Brown’s, especially in the earlier years when he was trying to get his foot in the music business. But curiously, since his career change, Jamie had hardly stepped foot in the place.
	Just three years earlier, Miles had opened the doors to Gardener’s Pickin’ Parlor in Franklin’s antique district. Still bartending at Brown’s several nights a week, Miles quickly earned Gardener’s a local following and the reputation for being, “the place for anyone who plays, sings, writes or simply enjoys listening to live music of every genre.”
	Jamie liked the vibe at Gardener’s, with its cozy dining room that featured live music five nights a week. And he particularly enjoyed hanging out on the attached front porch. It was the area of choice for pickers to gather and take turns sharing their songs.
	Jamie was also drawn to the open invitation that the guitars hanging from Gardener’s walls seemed to send, beckoning anyone willing to grab a guitar and play. Jamie had been there on more than one occasion when regulars would congregate with guitars, banjos, mandolins, even keyboards, and a case of harmonicas in tow. He was pleased that Maggie and her friends had been able to book the gig, and he found himself looking forward to seeing Maggie and hearing her sweet voice again.
	Jamison approached the front door and, stepping onto the porch, was greeted by several of the regulars bundled up in winter coats and seated at the outdoor tables—Gardener’s smoking section.
	“Hey,” they said in turn. “How ya doin?”
	But their conversation didn’t miss a beat, and Jamison didn’t either as he returned their greetings and followed the sweet, familiar sound of Maggie’s voice into the dining room.
	Maggie spotted Jamison almost immediately. Fewer than twenty people had braved the cold to catch her show, and the ambiance was one of an easy gathering of friends.
	“Hey, Jamison,” Maggie called out upon finishing her song. “Welcome to Gardener’s.”
	Jamison nodded with a smile and a waved. He took his seat at the back of the room, ordered a Guinness, and relaxed into his chair. Closing his eyes, he listened intently to the performance and was struck by the contrast of the pre-presentation tension he’d felt earlier in the day and the feeling of complete peace that he was enjoying at present.
	Wow. It was good to be back in the midst of the music, Jamie thought.
	Thirty minutes and many songs later, Maggie closed out her set and invited Jamie to join her for a smoke. As they made their way onto the front porch, they were pleasantly surprised to see that the snowfall had picked up and was coming down in great wet flakes—a winter wonderland and a record-setting occurrence this early in the winter season in Middle Tennessee.
	Protected from the snowfall by the tiny porch awning and warmed by the presence of a kerosene heat lamp, one of the regulars had a guitar in hand and was picking his way through the lick of a song he’d recently written. Joining the group, Miles Gardener allowed himself to be badgered by one of the regulars to play one of his own original tunes. Before long they were passing the guitar around and soon Jamison had it in hand.
	“It seems like a hundred years since I’ve played,” he said. “I’m not certain I can even remember how.” 
	Moments later, he was picking out a tune that sounded a bit like an old-time gospel song. “This is one I wrote when I first came to town. Back when I still thought I could make it in music,” said Jamison.
	“Hell,” laughed Gardener, “we’re all still trying to make it in music. It’s kind of like trying to get pregnant. Trying is the fun part.”
	Jamison smiled, thinking again how easy this Gardener character was to like, and continued. “Whenever anyone experienced tough times, my grandmother had a saying that, ‘the birds always sing after the rain.’ It was her way of telling us to look for the silver lining when anything happened that we thought was bad. Grandma was an amazing woman who suffered some real losses. She lost her farm, was homeless for a time, and eventually buried two of her children, and yet she always seemed to make the best of everything. You know, the lemonade from lemons thing. Anyway, I wrote this for her funeral—she died nearly ten years ago—it went something like this.”
	Jamison fumbled through the chords for several minutes, trying unsuccessfully to remember the words before giving the guitar up without finishing the song and passing it along,  to an accomplished guitar player named, Matt.
	“That was cool,” Matt said. “I really dig that part that goes . . .” and he finished the lick with a variation of what Jamison had started.
	Jamison joined in with some of the words he remembered while others filled in the blanks when he couldn’t come up with what was missing. Several hours later, the roads covered in a thin blanket of white snow and many songs, stories, and laughs between them, Jamison rose to leave. He’d switched to coffee earlier in the evening, but his face was still flush with excitement. Saying his good-byes, he gave Maggie a hug adding, “Thanks so much Maggie. I don’t remember when I have felt so much pure joy. I’d forgotten how much I missed making music and having it in my life.”
	With the fall of the winter’s first snow on the ground, Jamison decided to avoid the interstate and chose to follow route 31, better known as Franklin Road, north to his Nashville condo instead. Jamie thought the two-lane paved road would be the most direct shot and was likely to have less traffic.
	His guess was right. Within minutes he found his way into a zone, humming softly and basking in the memory of his evening. As he left the lights of the Franklin behind, Jamison flipped on his brights and whispered to himself, “Man, I wish I could find a way to make a living making music.”
	The words had barely left his lips when a small buck dashed out into his headlights. Startled, he turned the wheel sharply to the right. It was a near miss. He sighed audibly, but seconds later his car fishtailed. The rear end collided with the guard railing. The sound of metal against metal filled the air. Careening across a deep embankment, Jamison thought, Oh God, I’m going to die!
	His car went airborne. Flipping over once . . . twice . . . three times, before colliding headfirst into an old, broad, oak tree.
	Maggie, following behind on her way to her own apartment, was dialing 911 before the car came to rest. She’d never witnessed an accident as bad as the one she’d just seen. She was sick with certainty that he wouldn’t make it out alive.
	Maggie rushed to the driver’s side door to find glass shattered and blood streaming down his face.
	“Oh God, Jamison,” she called, “can you hear me?”
	Jamison’s head moved slightly and he tried to reply, but he could only muster a mumble. “You’re going to be okay,” she said. “I’m here with you. I’ve called for help. The ambulance is on its way.”
	The high-pitched sirens of an ambulance in the distance, mixed with the sound of Maggie’s voice softly crooning, was the last thing he heard before he slipped into darkness.

When he woke, Jamison opened his eyes only to be blinded by the brightest, whitest light he had ever experienced. Somewhere in the distance was the faint sound of the strumming of a guitar. He strained into the light to see where the sound was coming from.
	“Hey, buddy,” said a voice to his right. Jamison turned his head toward the voice, still blinded a bit, unable to get a clear view with the light shining so brightly. “Man you took a bad one,” said the voice.
	Jamison recognized the voice, but couldn’t place it. Where had he heard that Southern, country drawl before? He squinted harder and could see the faint outline of a tall, thin, middle-aged man sitting on a straight-backed chair, his leg cocked over his left knee, cigar clenched between his teeth, and a guitar resting in his lap.
	“Miles?” he said. “Miles Gardener? What are you doing here? Heck,” said Jamison, “what am I doing here and…”—he hesitated—“where exactly is here?”
	Gardener laughed. “Hell, Bud, here is where we are and you asked me to come.”
	“What do you mean I asked you to come?” said Jamison.
	“Look,” Miles replied, “let’s ease up on the questions for a bit. Everything will be clear soon enough.”
	“Will be clear?” repeated Jamison. “Am I dead?”
	“Well,” said Gardener, “that’s a good question. There are lots of kinds of dead. Dead tired, dead drunk, dead as in a marriage is dead, and then of course, there’s dead as in your life is over. I guess all forms of dead kinda share the same quality in that they’re lacking spirit. But man, if you’re asking if you’re dead and this is heaven, then I’d have to say that the answer is No. At least,” he paused, “not yet.”
	As Gardener talked, Jamison noticed that the light began to dim to an ordinary level. He didn’t need to squint any longer to see that the two were sitting alone in Gardener’s bar. It didn’t appear to be open. No one was tending bar and he could see the porch, empty of patrons, through the narrow window. Snow was falling softly in the stillness, the street blanketed in darkness.
	Inside the bar, an eclectic mix of posters, photos, trinkets, and other memorabilia served as decoration in the dimly lit room. A red florescent light maintained a steady buzz overhead, advertising Red Wagon micro-brew beer.
	“Can I get you a beer?” Miles asked.
	“Seriously?” replied Jamison. “I can have beer?”
	“Sure you can,” said Miles with a touch of laughter in his voice. “Hell, this is your fantasy man, you can have anything you want, but our license only allows for beer and wine so if you want something stronger, you’ll have to go somewhere else.”
	Jamie laughed. “No, I guess I’ll stay here and a Guinness would be great. In a glass please.”
	Miles stood up and walked behind the bar to grab a Guinness from the cooler. He turned the bottle of coffee-colored beer upside down into a glass and let it pour out at full force to create a thick, frothy, caramel-colored topping; an unorthodox pouring method for domestic beers, but perfectly done for the Irish-born Guinness. Jamie took a long, slow sip before setting the glass on the tabletop.
	“Hey, Jamison,” said Gardener, taking his seat in the chair again just to the right of Jamie. “Remember that tune that you wrote about your Grandmother? The birds and the rain thing? Play a few lines of that would you?” 
	Jamison took the guitar in hand. “Sure,” he said, still uncertain of what was happening. He started playing.
	A few minutes in, Gardener said, “Nice, buddy. Now, tell me, how’d that make you feel to play it?”
	“Huh?” responded Jamison. “What do you mean, how did that make me feel?”
	“Hmm, I thought that was a simple question,” said Gardener. “Let me rephrase. Did it make you feel good to play that song?”
	“Well, sure it did,” replied Jamison.
	“But there was only me to hear it. Does it make a difference to you whether I like it or not?”
	“Probably not,” said Jamison. “I mean it adds to my satisfaction when you like it. But the truth is, the song makes me feel good whether you like it or not.”
	“Exactly,” said Miles. “And I’m guessing you don’t much care whether I pay you to sing it or not either. Am I right?”
	“Yeah.”Jamison laughed. “You can comp me a beer if you’d like, but I don’t need your money to play this song.”
	Gardener sat silent for a moment and then said, “So tell me this one, Jamie. What has kept you from playing that song all these years? What exactly have you been waiting for?”
	Jamison sat silent, guitar in hand, until Gardener picked up a mandolin that was sitting next to his chair.
	“Here Jamie,” he said. “Let’s do the song again. Take it from the top. I’ll add in this little lick I came up with that I thought would work nicely.”
	Jamison opened the song and Gardener joined in with a mandolin part that added depth to the song. The two played effortlessly together turning back into the chorus in an easy way that felt natural, their voices blended in a smooth, warm harmony.
	“Damn,” said Jamison. “That was so awesome. It’s as if the song was playing itself.”
	“Yeah, it’s cool how that works, isn’t it?” said Gardener. “Some sort of voodoo. Well buddy, time for you to go. I’m gonna close up. Got things I’ve gotta do.”
	“Huh? You’re leaving me? But where am I supposed to go?” asked Jamison, noticing that the light was growing dimmer.
	Gardener walked out of the room. Jamison sat in silence for a moment, thinking, Yeah, some sort of voodoo. It was like I was the instrument and the song was playing me.
	Alone in Gardener’s tiny bar, Jamison closed his eyes and fell once more into a deep, dreamless sleep.

	Waking to the clamor of metal against metal, Jamison sat upright in his chair. Scrambling to get his bearings, he turned his head left then right, and was searching for clues to where he was, when he heard a voice from behind him.
	“Hey buddy,” Gardener said. “I wasn’t sure if you were going to be back, but I’m glad to see you. You’re just in time to help me with a little gardening.”
	“Gardening?” asked Jamison, embarrassed to admit to his state of total confusion. “Uh, sure, well, I guess I could stay a bit. What do you need help with?”
	“Come with me,” said Gardener, turning his back to Jamie and walking toward the back of the restaurant.
	Jamie followed Gardener as they walked through the kitchen, around the stainless steel workstation, and past the coolers. Gardener stood holding the door open, a blast of cold air filling the room.
	“You first,” he said to Jamison.
	Jamie stepped out of the door and into full view of a large, cleared-off area of barren dirt.
	“This doesn’t look much like a garden to me,” said Jamie. “Looks like you haven’t even started it. What can I do to help?”
	“I’m glad you asked,” replied Gardener. “I’m just in the beginning stages. Still haven’t really mapped anything out yet, but I can see it’s got a lot of potential.”
	Jamison gave Gardener a sideways glance.
	“Yeah, I suppose it does, but I’m not sure how I can help. What time is it anyway? I, uh . . . I should probably be heading to work before long.”
	“All in good time,” said Gardener. “Relax. Let’s grab a cup of coffee and a pen and paper and we’ll get some ideas down on what we want.”
	With that Gardener disappeared into the restaurant leaving Jamie standing alone looking out over the barren patch of brown dirt.
	“Man,” Jamie said under his breath, “not so sure I see the promise. He’s either a really excellent gardener or knows something I don’t.”
	Jamie turned and followed Miles, returning to the warmth of the tiny kitchen and closing the door behind him.
	Gardener was already bent over the stainless steel work table, pencil in hand and scribbling furiously onto a piece of white paper. Scattered across the counter were a variety of gardening magazines and seed catalogs.
	“Cups are over there,” said Gardener, giving a nod to the row of mugs sitting on a shelf. “Grab a cup of coffee and have a seat.”
	Jamie poured his coffee with a growing feeling of irritation. There was something about Gardener that he liked, but he was beginning to think the guy might be a little off in the head. He scanned the room for a clock, wondering again about the time. Jamie was feeling like he should be getting back to something, but couldn’t remember exactly why, or to what.
	“First thing we have to do is figure out what we want to plant,” said Gardener. “I’ve spent most of the winter running through these books. Of course they don’t show you what you plant. They always show you a beautiful image of what you’re supposed to get when it’s finished. They also don’t show you how much time and energy it takes to get from that tiny seed to that final product. Seems like good thinking. Suppose if they only showed you what it looked like as a seed and how much work it would take to get to harvest, most of us would never bother planting in the first place.”
	Jamison took a sip from his cup, slowly flipping through the brightly colored pages of the McCreary’s Flowers and Vegetables catalog. He was immediately reminded of winter mornings as a young boy visiting his Grandmother’s West Central Illinois farm, when they would spend hours reviewing similar catalogs. The catalogs would begin arriving just after the New Year, and though they mostly all offered the same stock, she never threw any of them away.
	Through the cold winter months whenever he would visit, she and he would spend hours dreaming of what they could order and what they might plant. Drawn in by vibrant images of ripe, red tomatoes, baskets heaped full of succulent cucumbers, peas, green beans, sweet corn, and pumpkins too large to carry, he would read every description imagining how wonderful the harvest would taste.
	“I remember doing this same thing with my Grandma when I was just a kid,” Jamison told Gardener. “When I’d find something I liked, Grandma would question me for details. ‘How long is its growing season?’ ‘What type of soil does it need?’ ‘How much moisture does it require?’ ‘Can it withstand extreme heat?’”
	“Yeah,” said Gardener, “our dreams might not have limits, but each of us has only so much space, time, and energy. So, if we’re going to invest our time and energy into planting and growing, we need to choose carefully and make certain that we’ve got what it takes to make our garden successful.”
	“Here,” said Gardener, handing Jamison a blank piece of paper and a pencil. “I’ve sketched out the plot. It’s two acres. More than enough room for anything we could want. You can start by making a list of the seeds we should order. I’ve got to run to town and pick up supplies for tonight. I’ll be back soon.”
	And before Jamison could offer protest, Gardener had disappeared out the back door.
	Jamison sat is silence for several minutes, sipping his coffee. “What to plant,” he said out loud. “How the hell should I know what to plant?”
	But something in the slick, colorful magazines called out to him and he started flipping through the pages, looking only at the pictures at first, then eventually taking time to read through the descriptions.
	Before long, Jamison took hold of the task or the task took hold of him, and he soon had a list of seeds to order. He’d even sketched out a blueprint of where the particular rows should go. He recalled his garden-planning days with his Grandmother and the strategy behind placement of early season crops next to bushy late season vegetables to make best use of the entire garden.
	He was perusing the berries and reading through the description of a particularly inviting variety of strawberry when he stopped short and returned to the top of the paragraph to reread it. The description wasn’t for a strawberry at all. It read:
	Big Red Go Fast Boat. Rich and flavorful; grows rapidly.
	Developed by master gardeners to generate an opportunity for sharing time with friends and family and communing with nature, this particular variety requires a rich soil and plenty of sunlight. A popular member of the diversion and possession family, it is particularly susceptible to blight and demands an inordinate amount of money and attention. Often used to impress others, gardeners interested in this plant will need to be vigilant that it doesn’t serve to create a false sense of worth. When permitted, this plant can creep undetected throughout the garden, robbing other, less noticeable plants, of valuable nutrients as well as the gardener’s time and attention.

	Stunned, Jamison read the ad three times before moving on to the next.

	Blonde-Haired Daughter
	A rich and much sought-after variety, requires constant attention, but has potential to yield invaluable rewards. One of the most precious and delicate of seeds, when nurtured with a balance of structure, support, love, and attention, can become a favorite perennial with limitless potential to provide years of happiness, love, and joy. Gardeners choosing this variety should be prepared to invest considerable time and attention. When neglected this plant can create an environment for blight to flourish, threatening the entire garden. Though this delicate variety requires an abundance of nourishment and attention, it also offers rewards and riches beyond most any other type available.

	Jamison rubbed his eyes and continued reading.
	
	Four Bedroom Suburban Wow House
	A popular variety best known for its ability to impress the neighbors and other social, judicial networks. Growers choosing this seed may want to consider the impact it can have on the other plants in the garden. Once a root system has developed, it can quickly spread through the garden, crowding out other, less hardy plants, and robbing them of available nutrients. Though it can provide both beauty and comfort, this particular variety can easily become a demanding plant offering little in the way of yields.

	In disbelief, Jamie flipped to the front of the catalog.
	McCreary’s Soul Seed Catalog read the title. Seeds of intention and desire for growing the life of your dreams.
	Gracing the cover was a large image of Jamison seated in a shiny, silver Mercedes convertible. His daughter, Lily, was squeezed into the back seat among golf clubs, tennis racquets, piles of clothes, and other necessities of life. Jamison squinted at the photo, rubbed his eyes again in disbelief, and then took a second look.
	Yup, that was him. His daughter in the back seat. His parents were standing next to his boss. They were all smiling broadly, in the background.
	Staring at the catalog’s cover image of him, Jamison became aware of a pounding in his head. He made his way to the overstuffed recliner that Gardener kept in the backroom. Resting his head on the back on the chair, Jamie thought he heard the faint sound of a woman’s voice singing sweetly from somewhere in another room. How beautiful, he thought, just before he closed his eyes and fell into a deep sleep.

	When Jamison woke, he opened his eyes and scanned the room. He was alone. Noticing several guitars, a banjo, and a mandolin hanging from the wall, he rose from his chair. Ah, he thought, I’m still at Gardener’s. He ran his fingers along a beautiful, cherry-brown, Taylor six-string guitar and lifted it from its carriage, recalling again the song he had heard as he fell asleep the night before.
	“Such a sweet sound,” he said out loud. He picked a short riff and then noticed a light coming from under the kitchen door.
	Making his way to the door and the light, he again had the feeling that he was supposed to be somewhere; that he needed to be on his way. But where he should be or even how he would get there eluded him.
	As he walked through the kitchen doorway, he found Miles Gardener sitting cross-legged in meditation on top of a cushion, smack dab in the center of the stainless steel prep table. Gardener didn’t make a move, seeming not to have noticed Jamison.
	Jamie settled onto the nearest stool and waited. He looked around the room, noticing the quirky motif, the walls decorated—a generous term for the random assortment of wall hangings—in no particular order, with various unrelated items: a neon beer sign, a poster from a 1975 concert, a photo of three boys of about ten years old with broad smiles and bright eyes.
Jamison was deep along a thread of thought from his own childhood when Gardener rose from his cushion and hopped to the floor.
	“Hey buddy,” said Gardener, “you ready for a cup of too strong coffee? I know I am.”
	“Yeah, coffee would be perfect,” Jamison replied and then added, “How long have you practiced meditation? Do you do that every morning?”
	Gardener took two mugs from the shelf and filled them to the brim. Handing one to Jamison he said, “Yes, every morning and every evening and usually once or twice throughout the day. I started meditating while I was in Vietnam. I learned it from an old farmer over there. That was nearly forty years ago and I’ve been doing it ever since.” 
	Jamison thought for a moment, “I’ve tried meditating at different times in my life, but I was never really able to get the hang of it. It always felt like I’d wasted thirty minutes trying to relax. Just seemed like I was never able to get my mind to stop thinking.”
	“Yeah, that seems to be a holdup for a lot of people,” said Gardener. “The way my teacher explained it, meditation isn’t so much about the absence of thinking as it is about opening up a window and waiting in stillness for a butterfly to land. Sometimes focusing on eliminating thoughts creates its own kind of distraction. There’s a whole lot of knowing out there and when we get still, it’s available. The trouble, as I see it, is that it’s not the kind of knowing that comes from our head and that’s the kind society has taught us to value. This kind of knowing comes through our hearts, but it’s served me pretty well,” Gardener paused. “I think I’ll keep doing it.”
	“How did the planning go on the garden yesterday?” asked Gardener, abruptly changing the subject. “Did you make much progress?”
	Immediately recalling his bizarre hallucination with the seed catalog, Jamison started to share his story with Gardener, then thought better of it.
	“Yeah, it went fine,” said Jamison. “I came up with a sketch and list of seeds to order, but man, that’s a big plot. I hope you’ll have help ‘cause it’s going to be a ton of work.”
	Jamie handed the papers to Gardener and continued sipping on his coffee.
	Gardener placed the papers on the side shelf without giving them a second glance.  Grabbing his jacket, he said, “I’ve got a couple of errands to run today, feel like riding along?”
	Jamison stifled a feeling of irritation that Gardener had tossed his plans aside so dismissively and surprised himself instead by saying, “Sure, let’s go.”
	Jamison followed Gardener out the back door to an old, brown, four-wheel drive pickup truck with a topper covering the bed. Stacked inside were several boxes of freshly picked vegetables and cartons of eggs.
	“Man, where did all of this come from?” asked Jamison, surprised that so much fresh produce was available during the winter season.
	“Plenty of ways to grow a garden,” Gardener said. “People have to eat all year long and I’ve built a nice little business selling what I grow. Get in the truck and let’s get moving.”
	Gardener turned the truck west onto Highway 96 and within minutes the two were beyond the boundaries of Franklin. The scenery was beautiful; green pastures were draped in a soft fog, the air cooler than the ground, a hint of snow in the air. Small farmsteads with ancient, worn-out barns lined the way, separated frequently by mini-mansions set off from the road by long, tree-lined driveways. Horses and cattle roamed pastures at the skirt of homesteads both rich and poor.
	The pair drove in silence for several minutes before Jamison worked up the courage to talk about his experience with the seed catalog the day before.
	He spoke hesitantly. “I had the strangest thing happen to me yesterday as I was making out the list of seeds. All I can figure out is that I must have dozed off and was dreaming,” he said. “As I was reading, the seeds and the descriptions turned into products of my life. I mean there was a description for a big red boat right in the middle of the berries. Another described the attributes of a blonde-haired daughter and there was one for a four-bedroom home. Man it was too weird.” Jamison continued, “Even the cover had me and my family on it. It made me wonder if you’d laced my coffee with something.”
	Gardener smiled a knowing smile. “Nope, the coffee was just coffee, but I know first hand how sometimes the catalog’s messages offer us more than we expect to find. Usually it’s pretty much dead on.” .
	“That may be,” replied Jamison. “But I’ve got no clue what to make of it. The truth is that my life has gotten pretty screwed up in the last few years. By most people’s standards, it might look like I’ve got the world by the tail, but my days are filled to the brim with stress. There’s not a lot of joy in my work anymore and a lot of the time I feel like I’m a slave to my condo, child support, car, vacations, and things my daughter thinks she can’t live without. I mean, it’s all nice, but I’m starting to question at what expense it comes.”
	“Don’t feel like the Lone Ranger,” said Gardener. “Hell, half the people out there who we’d consider ‘successful’ are really just treading water to keep themselves floating amid all of the debris of possessions, 'should dos,' and expectations.” Gardener turned the truck onto a stone drive lined with tall oak trees before continuing. “Actually, our timing couldn't be better. Hold that thought. I’ve got someone I want you to meet.”
	Jamison could see the house long before they were near it. He whistled low, under his breath. “Man, what a house,” he said. “It must be seven-thousand square feet.”
	“Well, I think Danny told me it’s more like ninety-five hundred,” replied Gardener. “But, who’s counting?”
	As he stopped the truck at the front door, a tall man wearing nothing but a flannel robe, cowboy hat, and boots appeared from inside.
	“Hey, man,” he said, waving at Gardener. “How the heck are you?”
	Gardener stopped the truck. 
	“Come on Jamie,” he said, as he climbed the steps to the large, two-story house, extending his hand to the man in the robe. “Danny, bud, good to see you. Nice outfit by the way,” he added with a smile. “Meet Jamison, he’s hanging out with me for a while. Helping me with some gardening,” said Gardener with a wink.
	Danny and Jamie shook hands. “Good to meet you, Jamie. Any friend of Miles is welcome in my house. Come on in.”
	Gardener took a box of produce from the back of the truck and carried it into the house, leaving Jamie and Danny to follow.
	“The tomatoes are really ripe this week,” said Gardener, as he led the way through the foyer and living room into the expansive, well-appointed kitchen. It was obvious that Gardener knew his way, and the two other men followed behind.
	The house was bathed in stillness, the sound of Gardener’s voice echoing off of the walls, against the fourteen-foot ceilings. The interior was decorated in a formal, high-society style that seemed contrary to Danny’s cowboy boots, hat, and flannel robe.
	“Man,” said Gardener, as he sat the box on the marble counter top, next to the double-door stainless steel refrigerator. “You should turn on a TV or radio or something in here, Danny. It’s like a friggin morgue in here.”
	Gardener’s words sounded harsh, but his eyes shone with gentleness and compassion. It was clear that he was concerned for his friend.
	“Yeah, I know it,” said Danny, handing hot mugs of coffee to Miles and Jamie. “It seems odd, but the damn house is so lonely with Amber and the kids gone, that sometimes I go out back and hang out in the tour bus just to watch television or a movie. It’s more my size and style and a whole lot cozier out there.”
	Danny turned to Jamison. “Four and a half years ago I’d a sworn I had it made. After seven years of performing at honky-tonks down on Broadway for little more than tips, I was signed by a major record label and my life changed almost over night. Within the year I had more money than I could have ever imagined. I met my wife, Amber, that same year during a music video shoot, and within eighteen months we had twin baby girls.
	“Life seemed pretty good for a while,” he said wistfully. “But I soon learned that success can come at a pretty high price. I barely had a minute for myself and even less for Amber and the girls. In time, it seemed that Amber fell more in love with the fame and fortune than in raising a family with me. She’s a sweet enough girl, but it didn’t take long to figure out that her interests and mine were worlds apart. She loved fancy restaurants, gala events, and big cities, and all I wanted to do was hang out at home with my family when I wasn’t on tour.”
	Danny paused for a moment and then continued. “Before long it became apparent to both of us that the babies were the only common interest we had. We were both hardheaded, focused on having it our way, and neither of us was willing to compromise. Funny, ‘cause all I ever wanted was to make music and have a family. But as I’ve learned from Gardener, getting it right is a little like choosing the seeds you want to plant in a garden. You really need to take time to consider what variety is gonna work best in your particular garden before you plant it. And you also have to consider the conditions of the soil and the climate you’re dealing with. I didn’t really take time to consider what variety was going to be best for me. Neither did she, and in the end, we couldn’t make it work.”
	Danny laughed, but it was without humor. “Turns out she can’t stand country music. How ironic is that? Now I’m here in this big old house all alone, livin’ the story line from a country music song. I get to see the girls every couple weeks, but she’s moved back to Denver and is engaged to a high-powered lawyer out there. Not exactly the dream life I’d hoped for, for me or my girls.”
	“Danny is thinking about moving to Denver so that he can be near his daughters,” added Gardener. “It’s a tough call to be sure, 'cause his work and his music are here. We’ve seen it before where the hot kid on the block moves away, and in this industry often, out-of-sight really is out of mind.
	“Then again, it all comes down to priorities. The place where we focus our intention and attention is almost always the thing that blossoms. So for Danny, it’s time to decide—his girls or his career. The tricky part is that each of us has to nurture our own spirit first, kind of like in the airplanes when they tell you in the case of an accident to securely place your own oxygen mask over your face before putting it on your child. But the truth is, if your own spirit is malnourished, starved of O2, then you’re almost no good to anyone else.
	“It’s a tough call, but the wild card is that we can’t really know what’s in store. Danny may think that he’s giving up all chance of happiness and move to Denver for his girls, only to discover a more satisfying way of pursuing his music. Or he may find that the love of his life is already waiting for him there. In my mind, those unknowns are what keep the future fun,” said Gardener. “But the important thing is to keep our minds and hearts open in the process.”
	“Yeah, some fun,” Danny smiled, though his tone was still soft and absent of true bitterness. He had clearly learned some valuable lessons in the experience. Jamison had the sense that he wouldn’t make the same mistakes again.
	Jamison and Gardener finished their coffee, spent some time on small talk, and enjoyed a quick guided tour of the ranch led by Danny in his cowboy boots, hat, and robe before saying their good-byes.
	“What a cool guy,” said Jamison as they drove away. “But, man, what a sad story. Poor guy and those poor little girls.”
	“Well now, don’t get too far ahead of yourself,” warned Gardener. “Turns out that we humans are notoriously shortsighted and downright lousy at predicting the future. We think with our heads, ignore our hearts, and usually walk wide-eyed into bad situations. Then, faced with unhappiness and hurt, we try to rationalize ourselves out of the trouble that thinking got us into in the first place.
	“We almost always make things worse by micro-managing the tiniest of details to make things go our way. In most cases, we’d be a lot better off if we’d just let go of control and get out of our own stupid way. Danny got himself into a mismatched marriage by thinking with his head, as well as other body parts, and fulfilling the life of the country music star that his ego and society expected of him. These days he’s spending a lot of time listening with his heart, and that’s the first step toward getting onto the right path. There’s knowledge beyond our heads that can only come to us through our hearts. Problem is most of us never get quiet enough to really hear it. In that regard, Danny is way ahead of the game, thanks in large part to the mistakes he made and the hurt he’s been through.”
	Gardener turned the truck west and then south toward the little village of Leipers Fork, a spot in the road with a cluster of houses, a couple of antique stores, and Puckett’s Grocery Store,; a place where old-time farmers meet for coffee and biscuits in the mornings, and the newcomers, social elites attempting to carve a new brand of culture into the tiny Tennessee landscape, gather in the evenings to hear songwriters perform—sort of a Louis Vuitton meets Louis L'Amour setting.
	Gardener pulled into one of the few empty spaces in Puckett’s parking lot, next to the morning lineup of well-used pickup trucks.
	“Come on,” Gardener said to Jamie. “There’s a good old country breakfast waiting for us inside.” Jamie followed Gardener into the dusty entryway of Puckett’s and let him make introductions as they took a seat alongside a group of locals, finishing their breakfast and morning social hour at the long, community table.
	The conversation between the locals barely missed a beat. The topic was, as it frequently is, the weather.
	“Hey Mike,” said Gardener, turning to one of the locals sitting to his right. “Jamie and I were just talking about the business of finding your true path. You know, the thing that your heart keeps telling you to do with your life. You’re probably just the guy to offer him some insight,” Gardener said as he slapped the back of an average-looking, forty-something man seated next to him.
	“Mike tried for years to follow in his father’s footsteps to become a successful songwriter,” said Gardener. “He struggled a long time. He had all of the right contacts. And because of those contacts, his love of music, and his ability to make a guitar sing, he had no trouble getting invited to sessions with many of the best writers. But it quickly became obvious that writing the songs wasn’t his true talent. Even though he was fairly good at it, he discovered that he really didn’t enjoy writing. Over time he realized that writing songs didn’t put him in a place of being ‘in joy.’ Eventually, that lack of joy became a source of pain and shame for him, and to ease the pain he would too often turn to whiskey.”
	“He’s right,” said Mike, nodding in agreement. “I played the songwriter card because that’s what my Dad did, and like him I loved music and could play pretty well. Then one day I discovered that what I really loved was finding and producing new artists. I get so charged by finding musicians and songwriters whom I really admire and helping to make their dreams a reality. To be successful at producing, you really need to have some structure in your life. And I learned that a little structure for me was a good thing. I found my joy, the kind that makes your heart feel like it’s overflowing, in helping other artists’ dreams come true.”
	“Yeah,” Gardener said laughing, “and wouldn't you know it, he’s really, really good at it. More than a few of the well-known musicians today would never have made it further than dusty honky-tonks if it hadn’t been for Mike and his natural talent for knowing what works.”
	Jamison grew quiet. “So how do you know if the thing you’re doing is really what you were meant to do?”
	“Shoot,” said Gardener, “that’s easy. You just ask the question of yourself. But then here’s the tough part, you get quiet. And don’t allow yourself, at least not the gray mass up here, to answer,” he continued, pointing to Jamison’s head. “Just remain open to the question and stay aware for signs. They’ll be there, I promise. Look with your eyes to see if the product you deliver is good. Listen with your ears to hear if others are finding value in what you deliver. Though I gotta mention that for most of us, that last one, listening with your ears, can be a bit tricky.
	“When you’re listening to your customers, you have to listen to how they’re saying it as much as what they’re saying. Look for the truth instead of what they believe they’re supposed to be saying. Look into their eyes and see if they value the fruits of your labor. Usually if they do, it’s because you’ve put a little or a lot of yourself, of your heart into it. The product can be anything. It can be shining shoes, serving coffee, performing brain surgery, running a large company, writing a song, or picking up garbage, but if you do it with joy and love and inspiration, then chances are you are in the flow of what you were put on the planet to do.
	“If, on the other hand, your product shows signs of neglect . . .  If the shoes you shine lack a quality finish, if your students walk in and out of your classroom with dull eyes simply putting in their time, if the cars you work on keep getting returned with even more problems, heck even if the brain you perform surgery on is perfectly done but the individuals you care for are discharged feeling like they’ve just been spit off of an assembly line, then there is a sign that you’re not putting spirit into your work and it’s probably time to start looking into what you could do to get re-inspired, either within your current career or in another.”
	Gardener then turned to Mike. “Speaking of doing what we’re put on earth to do, I’ve got a box full of fresh vegetables that I’m pretty certain I was supposed to deliver to you. Come on out with us and it will save me a trip down that bumpy road to your house.”
	
	All good-byes said, Gardener started the truck and headed south out of town as Jamie settled into his seat.
	“You know,” Gardener said, breaking the silence, “seems like that question of what you want to do is a biggie for a lot of people these days. When we’re born, fresh from the womb, maybe even through to the time when we’re ten, eleven, or twelve and still playing fireman, policeman, Indian chief, we’re kinda like a tiny, ready-for-planting seed.  At that point in our lives, most of us know intuitively what we’re on this planet to do. It's kinda like an oak seed. It doesn’t have to wonder what to become. When it’s planted, finds good ground, nourishment, sunshine and water, it sprouts, takes root and becomes an oak tree. No surprise there. In the same way, an apple seed doesn’t try to become a tomato. But with all of our intelligence, even with our opposable thumbs and freedom of choice, most of us lose touch with the knowledge of our true soulful purpose.”
	Jamie sat in silence, staring at the poem on the place mat as Gardener continued.
	“Our ability to think, question and choose brings with it a measure of challenge. As children we probably had an inkling of our soul’s purpose, but by the time we listen to our parents, our teachers, our siblings, our friends, our spouses, our bosses and society as a whole, we lose sight of what’s in our hearts. The writer writes silly stories as a child and grows up to become a lawyer. The teacher becomes a fireman. The vintner becomes a businessman. The sculptor becomes a farmer. At some point we find that what we’re doing or being doesn’t feel authentic anymore. It isn’t satisfying. Often when our work begins to seem unbearable, it’s one of the first signs that it's not what we were put here to do.
	“Getting quiet, stopping the ongoing chatter in our brains maybe through meditation, can help us get back in touch with our authentic self. When we’re able to go deeply enough, chances are we’ll find our inner seed, often buried under a mountain of shoulds and musts and imposed responsibilities.
	“But when we reconnect, when we can somehow find a way to honor the seed of our self and allow it to sprout and grow roots and finally blossom, then we can rediscover the true and lasting joy of our inner spirit.” Gardener paused as he maneuvered the truck onto an entrance ramp with a hard left and then another left to head south on the Natchez Trace Parkway.
	“Of course,” he continued, “that doesn’t mean that everyone is doing or being the wrong thing. Or that doing it right means doing the same thing for your entire life. It’s not as if we come into this world with a label tattooed on the back of our necks with the designation: fisherman, ballerina, accountant, or football star. Those are society’s labels that give form to the inspired talents of the doing.
	“And,” Gardener continued, “the same career can make use of two very different purposes in life. A waitress for instance may love her job and feel that it is what she’s been put on this planet to do, when the truth of her gift is really in her ability to identify and nurture beauty in others. Her position as a waitress simply gives her a platform for working her gift. Likewise, the waiter who works the station next to her whose purpose on life is to, say help others find humor in their lives, may find that the platform of waiter serves his purpose at a very different level.
	“The primary mission of a waiter or waitress may be to take orders and deliver food to their customers, but the way in which they perform their jobs and use their talents and gifts is really a matter of purpose and inspiration.”
	“I guess that’s a little like what happened to me when I left music and started working in medical sales,” said Jamie. “For awhile I really enjoyed it. I’m a people person and it was cool to work with my sales team and clients toward a common goal. But it wasn't long before I realized that there was much of it that didn’t seem like a good fit.”
	“Exactly!” said Gardener. “Often times we’re drawn to careers for a truth that speaks deeply within us, but over time as the look and feel of what we’re doing in our job changes, as we accept promotions and spend time on aspects of the job that benefit our bank accounts more than our soul’s purpose, then we find that the job we once loved and thought of as our dream job no longer brings us satisfaction. When that happens, it doesn’t mean that we have to abandon our career or occupation in favor of some other dream, but it is an indication that we should get quiet enough to listen to our heart. And when we hear our true calling, we should find a way to give it wings.”
	With that Gardener paused and looked over at Jamie. “You might as well get comfy. We’re gonna visit a friend of mine who lives on the Buffalo River and while you can get there by taking the Interstate, which most people do because the speed limit on the Trace tops out at fifty miles per hour, I prefer to take the slower, less traveled route. We’ve got about a sixty minute drive, but I promise it will be one of the prettiest you’ll ever see,” he said.

As promised, Jamie wasn’t disappointed with the scenery. Driving along the Trace past old farmsteads, the two saw deer grazing undisturbed at the edge of the timber and wild turkeys working their way across the gently rolling hillsides in search of their morning meal. A red-tailed hawk circled in silence overhead. The tranquility of the morning drive coupled with the absence of any other traffic on the remote highway put Jamie in a meditative state. He left the world of thought behind and rode along, content with the new found appreciation for simply being in the moment.
	The two rode in a comfortable silence for nearly an hour, passing through the rural and seemingly forgotten town of Hohenwald before turning left off of the two-lane highway onto a narrow gravel road. It was only then that Gardener spoke.
	“I have a feeling you’re gonna enjoy meeting Katie,” said Gardener. “We’ve been friends for about a hundred years, I’d guess. We met when she was a law student at Vanderbilt University. She had a pretty successful career as a partner with a big-time law firm in Nashville, but our friendship was really about music. She and I wrote a couple of songs together. She’s got a beautiful voice and is pretty good at songwriting. But then, Katie has the heart of an artist and is good at just about everything she does. She and Bradley, her husband, would stop by Brown’s on Sunday afternoons. They were regular customers of mine and when we were lucky, we could even get her to sing a few of her songs. And man, it seems as though she’s got the being-happy-thing all figured out.”
	“Hmm,” replied Jamie. “I can’t wait to meet her. Maybe she could give me a lead on finding my own path to happiness.”
	“Yeah, maybe so,” said Gardener. “At least I know that she can share a thing or two about life lessons, happiness, and going against the flow. She and Brad had been married less than five years when a young girl fell asleep at the wheel and ran headlong into their car. Katie made it through with little more than a broken ankle.
	“Bradley survived the accident, but never regained consciousness. He was in a coma, on life support for nearly two weeks until Katie finally had to make the decision to pull the plug. It hit Katie pretty hard, as you’d probably expect. But the wild thing is, she seems to have emerged stronger for it. Though most people thought she’d absolutely lost her mind when she told them she was leaving her law practice to move out to the Buffalo to become a writer. There were a few, her parents in particular, who were nearly ready to have her committed. But then again, being a lawyer was their dream for her life not hers.”
	Jamie chewed on Gardener’s words a bit, imagining what this woman who had experienced this tragedy and abandoned a successful law practice to move to this remote part of Tennessee must be like. “Man,” Jamie said, “she must be one tough lady.”
	Jamie took in the scenery from his passenger side window. This was hill country, not the flat, rich Midwest ground he had known as a child. Farmsteads were comprised mostly of rough timber and hilly pastures, more suited to grazing cattle and pigs than raising crops. Gardener turned left onto Topsy, a gravel road just off State Road 412, and then a couple of miles later took a right onto a barely visible dirt lane. A large, Lab-mix dog greeted their truck, barking excitedly.
	Hearing her sentry, Katie emerged from the front door of a beautiful, single-story log cabin, a tall stone fireplace rising from its roof, and a wrap-around porch gracing three sides. Stepping from the truck, Gardener greeted Katie with a warm embrace.
	“Miles, my friend, it’s so good to see you. It’s been too long,” said Katie.
	“Heck, a day without seeing you is too long, Katie,” said Gardener with a smile. “I’ve brought you some fresh fixins from the garden,” Gardener continued, dropping the tailgate of the pickup truck. “Meet my friend Jamison,” said Gardener as he pulled the box, filled with produce, from the truck bed. “He and I have been doing a little gardening together,” Gardener said with a wink.
	Katie approached Jamison, taking his large hand in both of her small ones. “So nice to meet you, Jamie,” she said, her blue eyes looking directly into his, making a connection that sent a shiver down his spine. “I’ve learned most of what I know about gardening from Miles. Pay close attention,” she said. “There’s a lot to be learned there.”
	“Thanks,” replied Jamie, immediately drawn to this beautiful sprite of a woman with wavy brown hair falling down her back. “It’s really nice to meet you too. You have a beautiful place here.”
	“Well, it’s not for everyone, but it’s home to me,” said Katie. “I’d be happy to give you a quick tour if you’re interested.”
	“Sure,” replied Jamie, “I’d love it.”
	“You two go on,” said Gardener. “I’ll put the food in the kitchen and then I’m gonna grab my fishing pole and see if I can catch a couple of those small mouth bass that are always escaping my line.”
	Katie led Jamie over to a mud-covered four-wheeler. “Hop on,” she said as she slid onto the seat, motioning for Jamie to take the seat behind her.
	Jamie did as he was told as Katie started the motor and eased the all-terrain vehicle into drive.
	“I’ve got just shy of twenty acres,” said Katie as they followed a well-worn path leading to a gated pasture. “Most of it is pretty hilly. I keep a few head of cattle and my horses here, and it would take me most of the day to cover it without this little chore wagon.”
	Katie and Jamie made their way along the mud and grass trail through a small orchard of eight or ten well-cared-for trees, before entering a clearing where two horses stood grazing. Katie eased to a stop and the horses approached as she lifted a white bucket from the tiny bed of the four-wheeler.
	“Look’s like you’ve done this a time or two before,” said Jamie noticing the horses’ eagerness.
	“Yeah,” said Katie, “I never miss a day, even if I’m a little under the weather. I love having the horses around, and being consistent with their feeding and their care is my way of demonstrating my appreciation for them.”
	“That’s an interesting way to look at it,” said Jamie. “I’ve always resisted having pets because I didn’t want to be tied down to their schedule. I guess to me it’s always been a chore.” 	“Oh, don’t get me wrong,” replied Katie quickly. “I’ve had times in my life when I would get really pissed off over the inconvenience of having to care for someone or something. I’ll admit that I even had those moments with Bradley. But losing Bradley helped me understand that when it comes to appreciation, what we say is not nearly as important as what we do.”
	Katie filled her hand with the sweet molasses and grain mixture from the bucket, offering it to the horses while she talked. Jamie followed her lead, offering his open palm filled with grain to the Appaloosa.
	“Before the accident, Bradley and I were both crazy, busy climbing the ladder in our careers,” continued Katie. “We had a good relationship, but the truth is, we invested an inordinate amount of our time and attention in our respective jobs. As a result, we were both extremely successful, especially if you measure success by the size of your paycheck or recognition from your peers.
	“I'd say we had a good marriage. We were always pretty respectful of each other. We loved each other and said so fairly often. Still, we kind of lived as though our appreciation for and presence in each other’s life was a given. Based on the amount of care and attention that each of us gave to our careers you would have thought that they were our top priority, when in reality our family, the quality of our relationship and spending more time together should have been a bit more balanced.
	“But then, hindsight is twenty-twenty and with Bradley gone, I can’t go back and change any of that. I can only learn from it and move forward.  I guess, in a way, I feel like I’m honoring Brad in the way I live today.”
	“Wow,” said Jamie. “I’m so sorry for your loss. I have a little bit of understanding about the appreciation thing. I got divorced a few years ago and looking back can see that neither of us really gave our relationship the time and attention it deserved. Especially if it was as we both said, the most important thing in our life. The really awful part is that I know I’m probably doing the same thing with my fourteen-year-old daughter. Of course, she’s well taken care of and wants for almost nothing, except maybe my time. But once you’re on that treadmill, it gets harder and harder to jump off.”
	Katie was gently stroking the face of the Bay and nodded in agreement. “Yeah, it’s sad, and I see a similar story being played out all the time. Parents who don’t have time for their kids or their spouses or their art or even their pets. Heck, these days it might be adult kids who can’t find time for their aging parents or they’re resentful when they do find the time.
	“If you ask someone what's most important in their life, almost no one will say, 'career.' But if you could add up the time and attention invested, you’ll usually find that where they actually direct their time and attention is disproportionate to what they say is most important. What’s really interesting, as I’m sure you’ll learn from Gardener, is that the principle works the same in gardening. If you spend all of your time tending the tomatoes for instance, but never take time to weed and water the sweet corn, the tomatoes will likely flourish, and come harvest your sweet corn crop will probably be pretty pitiful.”
	“You must miss him terribly,” said Jamie. “It must have been so difficult to pick yourself up and go on.”
	“You know, Jamie,” said Katie, her voice soft and easy, “I do miss Bradley every day. But because I’ve really paid attention to the lessons in the loss and have made real changes in the way I’m living the rest of my life, his death doesn't seem as empty. And the truth is, his presence is with me always. All I have to do is bring him to mind, pay him attention if you like, and there he is, right here beside me.”
	Katie and Jamie stood in silence, each taking time to caress the horses and clearly, from the way each of the horses rubbed their faces against Jamie’s shoulder, they were enjoying the attention.
	“What’s say we make our way down to the river and see if Gardener’s had any luck with the fishing?” said Katie, returning the feed bucket to the bed of the four-wheeler and turning the key to start the motor.
	“Sounds good,” replied Jamie, taking his seat comfortably behind Katie, enjoying the nearness of her. On the short ride through the timber, the pair crossed over two narrow creeks, climbed modest hills, descended into a couple of ravines, and followed a well-worn cattle path through a dense grove of pine trees. When they reached the riverbank they found Gardener, knee-deep in the stream, rhythmically working his fly-fishing rod like a mechanical work of art. One, two, three backward motions before he would snap a release, sending the line sailing far forward into the stillest part of the river, the tiny fly lighting on the water’s surface.
	Seeing the two approach, Gardener reeled in the line and turned to walk up the bank toward them. “Hey y’all,” he said, “good to see you back. I caught a couple of nice-sized smallies that should make for a tasty dinner. How was your tour, James?”
	“Enlightening,” Jamie smiled.
	“Yeah,” said Gardener, “you can usually count on a little enlightenment whenever you’re lucky enough to get some time with Katie.”
	“Hah.” Katie let out a laugh. “I don’t know about the enlightenment part. Seems to me we’re all walking along a similar path, but for some the path just has a few more bumps and turns than for others.”
	Katie walked over to the fire pit and tossed in a few twigs and small branches she had gathered.
	“Go ahead and fish a little longer, Gardener,” she said. “I’ll get a fire going here and we can sit by the river awhile until it’s time for dinner. I’m assuming y’all will stay for dinner.” 
	Jamie started gathering up wood for the fire while Katie made the short run in the four-wheeler up the hill to her cabin to gather camp chairs, drinks, a few snacks, and a couple of guitars and a tuner. 
	The three spent the remainder of the afternoon sitting by the campfire, taking turns trying out the fly rod and picking out tunes on the guitars. It was a magical moment, the kind that Jamison could recall only on rare occasions. Taking time to be present was an unusual occurrence for him. Everything in his world of business and sales was focused on the future. What could he sell? Could he exceed his quota in the coming quarter? Would the market be strong or soft and would he make his year-end bonus. Discussing, much less appreciating the present, was pretty much pointless in corporate America. The present represented the land of lost opportunity. Only the future, what you could produce, how you could alter it, and how you could sway it in your favor were, in his business at least, all that was important.
	As the day turned to dusk with the three relaxing fireside, Katie said, “For me, there are two truths that I fervently embrace. I know in my heart that these are truths of life and I live my life as though it is so. The first is that change is a natural and necessary component in our lives. Of course that truth hit me full in the face when Bradley died, but somehow I think it’s something I’ve always sort of known.
	“When we allow change to happen, not forcing or hindering it but simply letting it proceed along its unobstructed flow, it’s easier to be happy. It makes for a healthy life, a healthy body, a healthy mind, a healthy planet, and a healthy spirit. I guess I’ve learned that this truth applies to life and death as well as apples on the tree or fish in the river.
	“The second truth is that life is really about lessons. I’ve come to understand that everyone and everything in our life—loved ones, neighbors, family, friends or enemies—even the really tragic events in our lives, like Brad's death, has the potential to be a source of learning. The key is for us to be open to the lesson.”
	“Yeah,” agreed Gardener, “people talk a lot about being happy, but happiness and satisfaction in one’s life really comes down to feeling as though your life has meaning. And that requires that we live inspired or in-spirit. In order to provide an environment where inspiration can live and flourish, we need to first discover what’s really, truly in our hearts—not what was put there by our parents, society or by our own insecurities or fear of being thought a failure.”
	Katie nodded in agreement adding, “I know it seems a bit crazy to some. And Gardener can testify to how devastated I was by Brad's death, but there are parts of what happened that have been a blessing. Truly, a gift.
	“During the preparation for the wake and funeral, hundreds of family members, friends, and neighbors wrote, phoned or stopped by. Of course I knew how well liked Brad was, but what surprised me most was the outpouring of sympathy from complete strangers. I guess it shook people up because Bradley was pretty young. That always seems to affect people more than when an old person dies. But it’s comforting for me to think that each of them might have benefited a little bit from the message that Bradley’s death offered.
	“I like to think that those who gathered with us to mourn, as well as those who read about it in the morning paper or saw it covered on the nightly news, had a glimpse of how fickle and impermanent life is. 	“I like to think that just maybe they took a little more time tucking their children into bed or remembered to kiss their spouse with a little more meaning when they left for work the next day. Maybe they forgave a hurt or expressed compassion to someone less fortunate.
	“Maybe they simply took the time to smile at the bus driver or leave an extra dollar for the coffee shop waitress. Maybe, just maybe, someone somewhere heard about his death and decided to quit the job that was draining their spirit or leave a relationship that was depleting their soul in exchange for the thing they ‘always wanted to do.’
	“The messages of our impermanence are out there every day, but most of us are so caught up in our own personal dramas that we ignore the opportunity to notice. We sleepwalk through life, focusing on the details we consider really important, like deadlines and soccer practice and the extra five pounds we’d like to lose, what to have for lunch and what we can’t allow ourselves to have for dinner.
	“Most of us take life for granted, never really expecting these types of events to happen to us. And we bemoan the fact that we never have enough time. But the truth isn’t really that we don’t have enough time as it is that most of us don’t truly appreciate or make the best use of the time we are given.
	“In the days and weeks that followed the accident,” Katie continued, “I did what most survivors of tragedy do. I kept breathing. I didn’t wake the next day fully enlightened and embracing life. I just put one foot in front of the other. Took the garbage out when it was full. Brushed my teeth each morning. Eventually, I found that writing provided me tools for coping and healing. That’s when I found my way back to the Buffalo.
	“Brad and I used to come camping on the Buffalo every chance we got, especially when we were first married,” said Katie. “It’s funny, but somehow I feel that the river and the land out here offer a peace I can’t find in the city. I guess it’s a connection to nature and Spirit. It’s as if my heart beats differently out here.”
	“Amen to that,” said Gardener. “I can’t seem to go for too long without escaping out here, for a least a day every so often. Isn’t it odd to think how focused society is on building cities and covering the earth with parking lots and structures that create more separation from our connection with nature, when that connection is such a critical component to our happiness.”
	Katie nodded her head in agreement. “Yeah, a lot of people, especially my parents, felt at first that I was running away in denial, but it was really the opposite. Though I'll admit, there were times in the beginning when running away seemed like a good thing. This move and change in lifestyle has really been about slowing down and really embracing every moment.
	“Life isn’t easy here. In fact, sometimes it’s downright exhausting. But out here I can really live in the present. Of course, I still get back to Nashville every other week or so. It’s not as if I’ve dropped out completely. In fact, it feels more like I’ve jumped in. I’ve started a little business making candles, spices, and canning jams to supplement my writing. I’m also writing music again.
	“I even have a few customers I sell eggs to. I’ll tell you this. I find it a hundred times more satisfying to gather a dozen organic eggs for my customers than I ever did preparing a brief for my law office. Not that there’s anything wrong with being a lawyer. I have plenty of friends who truly love the work they do and they do it well. But I recognize now, though I would have denied it then, that I went into law to please my parents, not because it was in my heart. And that’s almost always a recipe for disaster. While I would do anything to have Brad back here with me, I’m so grateful for the wake-up call and the lessons that losing him taught me.
	“If I had just picked up and continued my unhappy pursuit after his death it would have seemed to me that he died in vain. By making this lifestyle change, living a life that is mindful and making the most of every moment, it feels like I’m demonstrating my love and gratitude for the lessons of his death. None of us has any guarantee of how long we’re gonna be here, Jamie. By taking time to figure out what’s in our hearts and what our purpose is, we’re actually honoring the gift of life.”
	“You are an amazing woman, Katie,” said Jamison. “I’m sorry for your loss, but I'm so happy that Gardener introduced us. This afternoon with you has been a blessing.”
	As the sun set over the west, the three took turns playing guitar and singing a few of their own songs, along with a few of their favorite covers.
	“This has been,” said Jamie, “the most perfect day. Thank you both.”

	With the rising of the full moon overhead, the three retreated to Katie’s cabin to prepare the evening meal and enjoy Gardener’s catch of fresh smallmouth bass, homegrown tomatoes, asparagus, baked potatoes, and berries. It was a feast fit for a king, and Jamie felt an overflowing of peace and love just being in the moment and in the presence of his newfound friends. After dinner, Katie showed Jamie to the guest room while Gardener made himself comfy on the futon located in the sunroom.
	As she said goodnight to Jamie, she handed him a small brown sack.
	“I think I told you that I’ve started a little business providing a product I developed for new gardeners like yourself,” she said. “It’s kind of a miracle additive. Sprinkle a handful or two to your garden daily and I guarantee you’ll see amazing results. You can sift through these and see which ones you’d like to use. But for the best results use them in combination, all seven of the packets together.” With that Katie wrapped her arms tightly around Jamie. “Remember what I told you about attention. Any time you want to see me, simply focus your attention in my direction and I’ll be there with you.”
	Jamie took the sack Katie offered and returned her warm embrace before giving her a heartfelt kiss on her cheek. “I feel as though we’ve known each other forever,” said Jamie. “You make it tough to leave. Are you sure you don’t need an extra pair of hands around here? I’d work pretty cheap.”
	Katie laughed. “Oh, Jamie,” she said, “there is nothing I’d like more, but you’ve got important things that you need to do. If it’s meant for us to meet again, we will. Go in peace my friend.”

	The smell of coffee filled the cabin before dawn the following morning as Jamison and Gardener gathered their few belongings and prepared to leave. Stepping out onto the porch, Jamie felt a tug on his heart. He didn’t want to leave, not Katie or the Buffalo. He reached out to give her a hug. “Good-bye friend,” he said. “Take care of yourself. Be well.”
	Katie returned Jamie’s full embrace, like old friends recently reunited. “Take care, sweetie. Happy gardening,” she said.
	“Okay kids,” said Gardener, easing into the tenderness of their moment, “time for us to be heading back. I have a feeling the weather’s gonna be just right for gardening in the next few days and I don’t want to miss the opportunity.”
	“Time for gardening?” asked Jamie, looking around doubtfully at the wet, cold ground.
	“Yup,” said Gardener. “Gardening. I’m thinking the next few days are gonna be real busy.”
	Gardener reached out to give Katie a hug, “Always a pleasure little girl,” said Gardener. “Take good care of yourself and I’ll see you again soon.”
	Jamie took his seat in the passenger side of the truck. As they drove away, he watched as Katie waved good-bye from the steps of her porch. When Gardener turned out onto the main road, he lost sight of her completely and sighed. His heart was heavy.

	Jamie settled in for the drive back to Franklin and opened the brown sack of gardening magic that Katie had given him to reveal seven small sealed packets. He pulled one out and began reading the front:
	Affirmation on Impermanence—apply daily for improved joy, satisfaction, and greater yields
	He turned the packet over and continued reading:
	Today is a gift—a tiny seed with potential for peace, happiness, and joy. I go forth today present in each moment, fully engaged in each experience. I embrace this day with the understanding that my time in this world is limited. I live today with full appreciation that it may be my last. I understand that life offers no guarantees, and that regardless of age or health, today could also be my final opportunity to demonstrate my appreciation to those I love. I make the best use of every opportunity I am given today to express love and gratitude.
	Confused, Jamie reached into the sack and selected another to read: 
Affirmation of Gratitude. He flipped it over to read the back.
	I take time to recognize and give thanks for each of the blessings in my life, and seek opportunities this day and every day to demonstrate my gratitude through my actions, as extensions of my thoughts and my words. These authentic acts of gratitude inspire the manifestation of even more blessings and abundance in my life for which I continue to act with appreciation.
	“What the?” Jamie said. “What is this? What kind of gardening are these for anyway?”
	Gardener smiled. “The truth is that those affirmations will work magic with just about anything you want to grow. Tomatoes, carrots, radishes, the human spirit, a family, a career, your art, your community. And they really do work like magic. When they’re applied consistently on an ongoing basis, miracles really can happen.
	“Even better, when you have two or more people using them at the same time, man, the effect is exponential. Our desires really can come true, Jamie, with the power of positive thought. These affirmations help make certain we also apply right action. Read the rest of them and then I guess the best advice I can offer right now is to not over think anything. Everything will come clear when the time is right.”
	One by one, Jamie selected a packet, shaking each lightly to see that there was really something inside, even opening one or two to sniff for a familiar fragrance, seeking a way to understand what they were in the only way he knew how. And then he read them front and back.
				Affirmation of Connections
	Knowing that the preciousness of life is experienced through connections, I give and receive happiness by fostering authentic connections with myself first, my family, friends, and loyal pets, with my community, with all sentient beings and with all of nature. I seek opportunity to create these connections through the contribution of my work, through the gift of my time, and through minor acts of kindness as well as through bold demonstrations of generosity and compassion. Throughout the world, I seek opportunities to connect, through manifestations of Spirit such as nature, art, music, literature, and laughter.
	
				Affirmation for Releasing Expectations
	Knowing that I invite unhappiness through expectations and attachments, I willingly release my attachment to possessions, appearances, expectations, and ego-based power. While I act with gratitude for all that I have, I understand that possessions, appearances, and worldly power are not a measure of my worth, nor are they alone able to bring happiness to me or the world. I release my attachment to my history, to feelings of unworthiness, anger, hatred, and hurt. I let go of my expectations of how I should be, how others should be, how experiences should be, and how the future should be by engaging fully and joyfully in the Present and accepting what is Now.
	
				Affirmation for the Gift of Change
	I understand that change is a natural part of life; that all things have a beginning, a middle, and an end, and that each of the stages must be permitted its natural flow. I remain open to and grateful for the lessons that life offers through change, regardless of whether it is perceived as positive or negative, good or bad. I welcome the opportunity for growth and evolution that all of life’s lessons through change provide me.
	
				Affirmation of Inner Knowing
	I listen with my heart to myself, to others, and to God or Spirit. Using my mind, eyes, ears, and other senses only to gather information before speaking or acting, I rely on my heart to receive all messages with compassion, love. and understanding, and to guide my actions accordingly.
	
				Affirmation of Mindful Responsibility
	Knowing that my thoughts, my words, and my actions are powerful beyond human understanding, I act with mindfulness; focused on positive outcomes and always conscious of the effects that they might have on myself, my family, my community, and my world, today and into the future.
	“So tell me, Gardener, what about love?” Jamie asked. “You can’t just plant a seed for love to happen and poof there’s the girl of your dreams.”
	“Yeah,” said Gardener, “love's a tricky one. Partially because most of us fall in love and establish the boundaries of our relationships before we really get to know ourselves. Often, we wind up in trouble because we listen to society instead of our hearts. The truth is, Jamie, that you can simply plant the seed or thought for love in your life and it will happen. In fact, love is one of the easiest, most natural events to manifest. But for healthy love to happen, your garden has to be really ready for good growth.”
	“Exactly what do you mean by that?” asked Jamie.
	“Look James, I don’t want to sound cynical, but in my mind too many of us attract love from our broken parts. We find a mate who represents the things in our self or our parental relationships that we don’t feel good about or that’s lacking, and then we spend our time working through those issues. A controlling mother, a philandering father, individuals burdened by insecurities, communication problems or an inability to be open to feelings. Those issues are often passed on from generation to generation, and rather than finding resolution through mending our own hearts and souls, before we mate, we seek a partner who can help us do the work.
	“The healthiest relationships are usually the ones where both parties have worked through their issues before they joined up. Those relationships, the union of two fully functioning ‘wholes’ have the most potential for manifesting joy and happiness, for the couple as well as for their children.”
	Jamie considered Gardener’s words for a moment and then read through the packets twice more, until finally closing his eyes in exhaustion—made worse by his lack of clarity and understanding. As Gardener turned north onto the Natchez Trace heading back to Franklin, in the soft glow of the early morning light Jamie fell, once more, into a deep and dreamless sleep.
	Less than two hours had passed when Jamison woke to bright sunlight and a cloudless sky. The temperature had warmed considerably and was as Gardener had predicted, actually warm, a hint of spring in the air. He looked around and quickly realized he was still in the passenger seat of Gardener’s old, brown, pick-up truck. The truck was parked near the back door of the restaurant. Jamie stepped out of the truck and stretched, enjoying the warmth of the sun on his shoulders. He felt surprisingly good.
	“Coffee,” Jamie said out loud. “I could definitely use a cup of coffee.”
	As if on cue, Gardener stepped out of the kitchen door carrying a steaming cup of coffee. 	“Mornin',” said Gardener. “Thought you might be ready for this.” He handed the mug to Jamie and crossed the parking lot, entering a small shed next to the garden.
	Jamie savored the richness of the coffee, wrapping both his hands around the mug for warmth and inhaled the peace and quiet of the morning. His heart felt full.
	After several minutes inside the shed Gardener returned, dragging an old rototiller behind him. “Looks like it’s garden time,” said Gardener. “How would you feel about turning up the dirt a bit?”
	“Yeah, sure, I can do that,” said Jamie, feeling more energized than he had in days. “Will that thing run?”
	“Well, like with most things in life, there's no guarantee,” said Gardener. “It’s got some age on it, but if you talk real sweet to her, she'll usually respond. She's tilled a lot of gardens in her time. I imagine she'll make it through this one too,” he said. “I’ll leave you to your task. I’ve got a few more deliveries to make today, but I’ll be back by noon,” said Gardener, starting the engine of his truck. “Good luck, James. See ya soon.”
	Jamie set his coffee down and took a moment to inspect the rototiller. “I’ll say it’s got some age on it,” said Jamie. “This thing must be older than me.”
	Jamie checked the gas. It was full. He tested the pull cord. Feels pretty good, he thought, giving it a good quick pull the full length of the cord. The motor turned weakly. Jamie tried again. Still nothing. “Damn,” he said. “How am I gonna get this piece of crap working?”
	Jamie sat on the edge of the picnic table contemplating the situation and noticed the sack of affirmations that Katie had given him. Guess Gardener put it there before he left, Jamie thought. Well, as Katie says, “there are no accidents.” He reached in and pulled out a random packet. He read the writing on the back of the packet:
	I take time to recognize and give thanks for each of the blessings in my life, and seek opportunities this day and every day, to demonstrate my gratitude through my actions, as extensions of my thoughts and my words. These authentic acts of gratitude inspire the manifestation of even more blessings and abundance in my life, for which I continue to act with appreciation.
	“Okay, so maybe if I want this damned old piece of junk to work, I need to be more grateful,” Jamie said.
	He continued to sip his coffee, not convinced at all that gratitude or much of anything else was going to make that rototiller do the job. He read the affirmation again stopping on the line that read, demonstrating my gratitude through my actions as well as my words.
	Alrighty then, thought Jamie, I’ve got nothing to lose. Maybe a little positive action behind that positive thought will do the trick.
	Jamie bent over the rototiller, adjusted the choke a little and for a brief moment thought how tough tilling this ground would be by hand. “Yup,” he said out loud, “I’d be really, really grateful if this thing would run.”
	He tried starting the engine again with a swift pull on the cord. As if by magic, the tiller started up. The motor purred sweetly, not missing a beat. “Dang,” he said with a laugh. “It worked!”
	Jamie guided the tiller onto the hard-packed dirt, letting the silver, cupped blades find their way under the soil, cutting four inches or so beneath the surface, blending the crusty top coating into the moist, soft ground beneath.
	The sun rose overhead and the temperature grew warm as Jamie continued his work without a break. He was focused only on the task at hand, mindful of any change in sound from the rototiller that might forewarn of needed attention or maintenance. None came.
	Intent on the task, Jamie continued to listen carefully with his whole being. When the engine slowed, struggling through a particularly hard-packed patch of ground, Jamie would respond by standing still for a moment, giving the tiller the time it needed to fully break through the clods.
	When the sound of the motor eased, he’d release his hold and allow the tiller its forward movement again. Working steadily together, the rototiller with Jamie at the helm made its way through the garden, leaving a soft, rich bed of freshly turned dirt in its wake.
	The sun was high overhead by the time Jamie completed the last pass in the garden. He reached down to kill the motor on the rototiller and paused, feeling a sense of gratitude.
	“This is ridiculous,” said Jamie quietly. “Am I really feeling grateful to a hunk of metal? I’m beginning to sound as nutty as Gardener.”
	But as he turned to review his work, kneeling down to gather a handful of the now soft soil, his heart grew full with appreciation and gratitude and satisfaction and joy, all mixed into one.
	Then Jamie remembered something Gardener had said to him. Whenever you have a moment of awareness, take time to breathe with it. Just five minutes or so. Inhale and exhale and try not to analyze, judge or think about it. Just feel.
	Kneeling in his freshly turned dirt, the place where his seeds would be planted, take root and grow ripe, he took Gardener’s advice and stopped for a brief moment to breathe.
	Jamie rose when he heard Gardener’s truck approach and the two men met at the edge of the freshly tilled garden. “Looks like you made some good progress,” said Gardener.
	“Yeah,” replied Jamie, “I had a bit of a rough start getting the tiller running, but all in all, it went pretty smoothly. Just before you got here, I took a moment to follow your advice and just sit in silence. Man,” he paused, “it felt almost like a prayer.”
	“Well, in a way,” replied Gardener, “sitting in silence like that is a prayer. You may not be begging for some thing you want like we’re traditionally taught. But sitting in silence allows you to be in the flow of the moment, and in that way it’s a prayer of appreciation. I guess you could say it’s an acknowledgment of your connection to God or Spirit. And in my book,” said Gardener, “that’s a pretty powerful prayer.”
	Gardener walked over and bent down to gather up a handful of dirt. He rubbed his thumb over the soil, breaking up tiny clods easily. “Yeah,” he said, “this is looking really good. We’ll just add a bit of fertilizer and work it in good and we’ll be ready to start planting soon.”
	“Really?” said Jamie. “You think this ground needs fertilizer? It looks about perfect to me.”
	“Well, I don’t doubt that the ground is good for growing what we want,” said Gardener. “But unfertilized ground can only do so much. We could probably plant today and without a doubt we’d have a yield in no time at all. But I’ve learned from experience that the right fertilizer, in just the right amounts, will yield a much more flavorful and nutrient-rich garden.
	“Of course, balance is really important when it comes to fertilizer,” continued Gardener. “Too much and the acid can kill the seeds. Too little and the yield won’t have the necessary nutrients. You might still have a yield, but chances are it will be small, tasteless, and all in all, just not very satisfying.”
	“No kidding,” said Jamie, feeling much more open to Gardener’s wisdom than he was when he first started working the garden. “So where do we get the fertilizer?”
	“Ah,” said Gardener, “good question and boy, am I glad you asked. Come with me.”
	Jamie followed Gardener to the edge of the parking lot where a large mound of brown-black sludge was piled, the top of which was nearly eye level with Jamie. The stench was overwhelming. “Man,” said Jamie, “is that what I think it is?”
	Gardener laughed. “Well, if you’re thinking shit, then yeah it’s what you think it is. Though when it comes to gardening I prefer to refer to it as manure or better still, fertilizer. Somehow it just seems a whole lot more palatable. But the truth is you can call it whatever you want. I just know that when applied in just right proportions it will yield some of the best tasting produce you’ll ever have the pleasure of eating.”
	Gardener handed Jamie a broad-faced scoop shovel. “We’ll need to spread about half of this on the garden now before we plant,” said Gardener. “We’ll work it in real good with the tiller again and then we’ll add more later if the plants show signs of needing it. For the tomatoes though we’ll add something a little different,” said Gardener, pointing to a smaller pile of fertilizer with a stronger scent of ammonia.
	“That’s chicken manure,” said Gardener. “Smells a whole lot worse than anything a cow or horse could produce, but the truth is there’s real magic in that really awful smelling stuff. It has more ammonia than other fertilizers and makes for the juiciest, ripest tomatoes you’ll ever taste.”
	Jamison gave Gardener a sideways glance, quickly forgetting the satisfaction and joy of his morning work. “This is all terrific Gardener,” said Jamie. “But I’m pretty sure I’m supposed to be somewhere else. I’m not certain I’m interested in shoveling your shit for you, juicy tomatoes or not. Besides, I’ve got my career and responsibilities, and I probably won’t be able to stick around to enjoy them anyway.”
	“Man,” said Gardener, “I really had you figured for having a little more stick-to-itiveness than that. Guess I was wrong. Of course you’re welcome to go anytime, buddy. Have a good one.” And with that Gardener opened the door to his restaurant and went inside, closing the door behind him.
	Jamison stood silently between the piles of fertilizer. His mood growing darker by the minute, he was feeling a little too much like his surroundings. “Who does he think I am?” Jamison said out loud.
	He was angry with Gardener for expecting him to shovel his shit. He was angry at himself for getting so angry. And he was angry at the garden, which just moments before had been a source of pleasure and joy.
	What do I need with a garden anyway? thought Jamison, recalling the strange cover on the seed catalog featuring him and his family.
	“I was doing pretty well before I ever met Miles Gardener,” said Jamie, now full out talking to himself. He was pacing and kicking the dirt like a ten-year-old boy for emphasis.
	“I was making good money. Had a job to go to every day. I’m not certain why I thought things should or could be different. Screw the music too,” he said. “I was doing fine without it in my life.”
	Growing tired of the pacing, Jamie took a seat on the top of the table. “Wonder if that breathing thing works when the feelings aren’t so warm and fuzzy too?” said Jamison settling into a cross-legged seated position he’d seen people use when meditating.
	Jamison allowed himself to be still, acknowledging his anger and frustration, without thinking it through. He noticed how tense his body had become and he focused on inhaling slowly. He held the inhale for several seconds, as Gardener had suggested, and then released it. Again, slowly. He sat still, focused fully on his breathing, easing into silence until the anger in him subsided, and then he sat some more.
	Jamison first became aware of the warmth of the sun on his face. It felt good and he noticed that the warmth seemed to seep inward, somehow going beneath his skin to warm his heart, his intestines, his breath, his blood. And then his mind turned to an image of Katie. He pictured her standing before him, her dark, wavy hair cascading down her back and her blue eyes shining brightly. Within minutes, he felt her there. Her presence, as she had promised, was with him, and his dark mood was soon replaced with a feeling of joy. His heart returned to its place of peace. Katie, he realized, was light and love and music and laughter—all of the things that he wanted in his life, all of the things that he wanted within himself.
	With a new sense of lightness, Jamie climbed down from his tabletop meditation perch and picking up the shovel, began carrying full scoops of manure from its pile a hundred feet or so across the parking lot, spreading it in methodical motions to evenly cover the freshly tilled garden.
	Jamie worked for an hour, maybe longer, without thought, bathed in stillness. When Gardener emerged from the kitchen, Jamie had worked his way through a quarter of the garden. His muscles were sore. He reeked of fresh fertilizer. Blisters on his hands were worn open and oozing. Gardener greeted him with a sympathetic smile. “It’s tough work, I know,” he said.
	“Yeah,” replied Jamie, “it’s a shitty job, but . . . well, you know.” They both laughed.
	“Here man,” said Gardener, handing Jamie a pair of soft, leather work gloves. “These might help, and the job will go a lot faster if you use this,” he said pulling a large wheelbarrow from behind the shed.
	“Thanks, Gardener,” said Jamie. “But why didn’t you offer me these in the first place?”
	“Think back, bud,” said Gardener. “You were so angry, you really didn’t give me a chance to offer much of anything.”
	Jamie thought for a moment, “Yeah, I guess you’re right. I was pretty pissed.”
	“Almost all of us go through that sort of thing,” said Gardener. “We get angry at the dirty jobs we have to do, at our lack of success happening within our prescribed time frame, at our lot in life, at our parents, or our friends, who don’t seem willing to help us out of a tough situation. Mostly we get angry with ourselves. But that anger almost always makes the task at hand worse rather than better, harder rather than easier. You’ve been working more than an hour shoveling this,” said Gardener. “Have you been angry the whole time?”
	Jamison didn’t take long to answer. “No,” he said. “Not even a little bit. In fact, when I finally just accepted the fact that it needed to be done and that I was going to have to do it, it actually became easier.”
	“Yeah,” replied Gardener, “that’s a tough one for most of us to get. Too often we take some kind of pleasure in owning our anger, in our victimhood or in our indignation that we’re not being treated the way we think we deserve, as if there were some birthright for good or bad fortune. But when we can release our expectations for what should be and relax in the lesson of what is, not only will our task usually get easier, but generally we’ll find some good, hiding in the experience, as well.
	“Here Jamie,” said Gardener, handing one of Katie’s magic packets to Jamie. “Maybe it’s time to spread one of these on the pile as well.”
	Jamie took the packet from Gardener and read it aloud:
	“Affirmation for Releasing Expectations,” He paused for a long moment, signed and then continued reading. “Knowing that I invite unhappiness through expectations and attachments, I willingly release my attachment to possessions, appearances, expectations, and worldly power. While I act with gratitude for all that I have, I understand that possessions, appearances, and worldly power are not a measure of my worth, nor are they alone able to bring happiness to me or the world. I release my attachment to my history, to feelings of unworthiness, anger, hatred, and hurt. I let go of my expectations of how I should be, how others should be, and how the future should be by engaging fully and joyfully in the Present and accepting what is Now.
	“Yeah, definitely a good reminder,” Jamie said. “Now either grab a shovel and dig in or get the heck out of here and let me work. I don’t want to be at this for the rest of my life.”
	“You know how much I’d love to help, Jamie,” said Gardener. “But the restaurant is opening in two hours and I’ve got to get the kitchen ready and the coolers filled. We’ve got a great band tonight and we’re expecting a big crowd.”
	“Cool,” said Jamie. “I should be finished in time for a hearty meal. I’ll come in when I’m done.”
	“Sounds like a plan man,” said Gardener. “Just do us both a favor and take a good hot shower before you join us. Everything you need is in the back locker room next to the kitchen.”
	“Will do,” said Jamie. “And Gardener?” he said, pausing for Gardener to turn to look him in the eye. “Thanks.”
	“My pleasure, buddy,” replied Gardener with a smile.

	Jamie finished spreading the prescribed amount of fertilizer on the garden and took extra care running the tiller over the soil a second time. It was looking beautiful and he surprised himself with the realization that he had actually enjoyed the work.
	Heck, he thought to himself, the added fertilizer even made it smell better. Jamie recognized with appreciation that there was a richness in the ground now that hadn’t been there when he started his work that morning.
	Gathering up his tools and returning everything to their place in the shed, Jamie gladly complied with Gardener’s request and enjoyed a long, hot shower using plenty of soap, before heading into the restaurant for a beer and sandwich.
	“Welcome back, Jamie,” said Gardener. “You sure look a lot better than you did earlier this afternoon. How do you feel?”
	“Tired. Sore. Satisfied. Happy, and ready for a Guinness please,” Jamie said with a smile.
	“Comin’ right up,” said Gardener, tipping the brown bottle a hundred and eighty degrees upside down to fill the glass.
	“You’re gonna love this band, Jamie. Sit back and enjoy,” said Gardener, setting the coffee-colored drink in front of him.
	As predicted, Gardener was once again, dead-on. The music was incredible. The group was an earthy, five-piece bluegrass band, made up of some of Nashville’s most accomplished musicians. They called themselves The Reckoning, and they were living proof that one should never give up on a dream.
	Most of the band members had been working in or around music for more than twenty years and were well respected around Nashville’s tight-knit music industry. But not one had been particularly well known on a large scale. They mostly just lived their lives, made their music, and went about their business. To the outside world, they might not have been considered particularly successful.
	None of the musicians lived in big mansions or would probably have been recognized walking down the street. They had given one of their first performances at Gardener’s a little more than two years earlier to a near empty room. But they quickly won a loyal following, with their unique version of bluegrass and inspired harmonies. And in little more than a year, these “regular folks” had earned a Grammy nomination. This show was, as Gardener had tried to impress on Jamison, a rare treat.
	As the band completed their set, the regulars once again made their way toward the front porch for an impromptu jam session. Jamie was among the first to take a seat. Guitars in hand, songwriters, singers, guitar pickers, and bystanders, with no musical talent beyond appreciation, spent the next few hours celebrating the gift of music, each contributing in the best way they knew how.
	Gardener joined the group just before midnight, following an exhausting night of cooking, cleaning, and dish washing. He was clearly beat, but seemed happy to join in the jam.
	“Here’s one for the romantics in the crowd,” said Gardener easing into one of his original tunes, a sweet, sad story about a love that died from lack of care. As one of the other pickers joined in with a mandolin, Jamie leaned his head back against the wall, closed his eyes and let the music carry him away from all thought.

	When Jamison woke, it was with a start from a loud commotion coming from the kitchen, though the restaurant appeared empty. Lights were turned off. Chairs were stacked on tables. There was no sign of life except for a soft glow of lamplight peeking out from under the kitchen door. Looking outside from his chair in Gardener’s main bar, Jamie could see the full moon was shining brightly overhead.
	Making his way to the kitchen, Jamie found Gardener bent over the rectangular, stainless steel prep table drawing lines with a ruler along a blank piece of paper.
	“Hey, Jamie,” said Gardener, looking up momentarily before quickly returning to his task. “Coffee’s on. Go ahead and grab yourself a cup. Today’s planting day. It’s gonna be a long one.”
	“What do you mean?” said Jamie, peering out the window at the full moon still high overhead. “Looks like it’s still the middle of the night. It can’t be later than two or three in the morning, is it?” he asked as he reached for a mug.
	“Yeah, I guess it’s a little early,” said Gardener. “Or late, depending on your perspective. Everything in life has its own timing. When we can tap into that flow, when the time is most natural, when it’s not being forced to happen or restricted from happening by our own resistance, then the outcome is usually better. The thing is, we don’t have a lot of time and conditions are right for planting, so if we want a crop, we need to make it happen now.”
	Jamie leaned against the prep table to get a better look at what Gardener was drawing. “What are you doing with that?” he asked.
	“This,” said Gardener, “is gonna be your gardening guide. Every seed, and in fact, every variety of seed, has a different set of requirements. We’ll list each seed by row here and then you’ll be able to keep a journal, kind of a gardening diary, to monitor your progress.”
	“Seems like you’re making a whole lot of work out of something that should come naturally,” said Jamie. “Isn’t it nature’s way for a seed to take root and grow when it’s planted?” he asked.
	“Yeah,” Gardener replied, “seeds grow naturally when we leave them alone. The winds or animals will carry them until they find a place to take root. But without care and attention and placement in a properly prepared garden, the chances of every seed taking root and being able to produce are slim to none.
	“Okay James,” said Gardener, handing Jamie the completed gardening journal. “Why don’t you head on out to the garden. I’ll gather up a few more things and be out shortly.”

	The garden was drenched in the soft golden light of the full moon high overhead. Jamie walked to the edge of the garden and knelt down in the soft dirt. Taking a clump in his hands, he was reminded once more of the sense of joy and accomplishment he felt upon finishing his work just the day before. He used his palm to smooth the dirt level and enjoyed the coolness against his palm. He took in a deep, full breath and slowly exhaled, taking time to enjoy the feeling of satisfaction that surrounded his being. It was odd, he thought, how his mood could actually change simply by changing his thoughts.
	Taking one of the seed packets in his hand, he started at the far end of the garden using the sharp point of a hand trowel and began digging a two-inch trough in the dirt—his version of a row—into which he was placing the nearly microscopic carrot seeds.
	He heard Gardener approach from the kitchen doorway. “Looks like it’s about ready for planting,” Gardener said before interrupting himself. “Jamie, what do you think you’re doing?”
	“I’m planting the seeds,” said Jamie. “I read how deep they're supposed to go and figure it’s pretty close.”
	“Man,” said Gardener in exasperation. “Come on. I thought you’d figured out how important this part of the process is. Hell, why don’t we just open the seed sack and toss them out?”
	“What do you mean?” asked Jamie. “I’ve worked the soil near to death, added shit until my back was nearly broken, and now I’m out here, practically in the middle of the friggin’ night, putting the seeds in the ground. Yeah, I care. But this isn’t brain surgery is it? I mean how complicated can it be to bury a simple seed?”
	“Well,” said Gardener, “think about it, Jamie. A seed is simply the potential for something to grow. It’s not a guarantee. A plant, a tree, a bush, heck, even the seed of our dreams, is the first and most necessary step. And it’s an important one. We sure can’t grow a tomato plant without having a seed to begin with, but that's only the first part. Once the seed is in hand, then it has to have soil, water, sunlight, and nourishment. For a truly bountiful garden, right action has to follow the seed of intention.
	“Likewise for our dreams. In the case of our dreams, the seed is in the form of a thought. When the thought originates in our heart, rather than our head, it’s more powerful, but there’s no guarantee that just because we have a thought or a wish that anything’s going to grow from it. How many times have you heard people wish or even pray for something like wealth, romance, or health as if someone would wave a wand and make it so?”
	“Well, now I'm confused. What about that positive-thought stuff?” said Jamie. “You know, where they paste the image of their dream house on a board and then presto, five years later, they’re living in that very same house?”
	“Don’t get me wrong, Jamie,” said Gardener. “Thoughts are really so much more powerful than we realize. And given the right conditions, praying, hoping, and affirming can often result in the manifestation of dreams. But because of the way we humans work, because we too often contradict ourselves in thoughts, words, and actions, we wind up sabotaging our desires with more negative than positive thoughts. When it comes to manifesting dreams, we really are our own worst enemies. That’s why we need to follow up any desire we plant with right action and energy. It serves to counteract our negative thoughts.”
	“Okay, then how do you account for the overnight successes? The people who are lucky enough to have a hit song or a homerun on their very first try?”
	“Come on man,” replied Gardener with a touch of irritation in his voice. “We both know how rare that is. That kind of overnight success is almost never as straightforward as it seems. Most musicians or artists or sports heroes have been struggling for years before they are discovered seemingly ‘overnight’. That’s why it’s so important that we find our joy in the journey instead of the destination.	
	“And without intention coupled with right action, it’s just a game of Russian roulette. A single tomato will produce anywhere from seventy-three to three hundred and fifty seeds. But left untended, only a few of those seeds will become a fully realized, tomato-bearing plant. Tell me, James, you’ve got a big job, a nice car, and money in the bank. Did you get those just by wishing them here?”
	“Of course not,” said Jamie. “I’ve worked hard for everything I have.”
	“Yup,” said Gardener. “The first step was that you had the seed of a dream. You knew you wanted a job that would provide for your family and then you did what it took to make it happen. Now, the only thing that we have to be careful about is what or whose seeds or in this case dreams you’re planting. You’ve come to a place where you’re starting to realize that the dream of having a high-paying job may not have been your own. That’s where the tricky part comes in.
	“Each year there are thousands, hell, hundreds of thousands of kids who dream of becoming a famous football star or the next Tiger Woods, but nine times out of ten, they want it for all of the wrong reasons.
	“It’s like the oak tree dreaming of being a water lily. The rub comes when they want it for the fame or the fortune rather than for what’s in their spirit. The inspired part, when conceived of in thought, word, and deed will happen, and what’s more, once it's set in motion, all of the energy in the universe will conspire to help make it so.
	“When it’s born of want, greed, ego or misunderstood need, then the path to success will usually be tougher. And once it’s reached, the achievement will often seem hollow. When you see a rock star or sports hero drinking too much or turning to drugs, alcohol or similar destructive behavior, it’s often because they’ve reached the goal they had in their mind, but it wasn’t what was in their heart.
	“Money, fancy houses, and beautiful cars aren’t bad, but they aren’t good either. The fact is, they are just things. But when we start to place power in them, when we start to believe and act as though they can make us something we’re not or bring us happiness not born of Spirit, then they become just another weed in our garden, distracting us from taking care of our true heart.
	“But that’s enough about that for now. The moon is full, the weather’s perfect, and timing is just right to get these little babies in the ground,” said Gardener, motioning to the garden.
	
	In meticulous fashion, Gardener and Jamie staked each row, running a thin string from each end to create a straight line. Using the point of a hand trowel, Gardener used the string as a guide to create a shallow trough in the freshly tilled dirt. Following behind him, Jamie took the seeds in his hand, reviewed the instructions on the reverse side of the seed packet, and carefully dropped each seed into its garden bed before gently covering it with a layer of soft dirt.
	As they worked, Jamie did what most would do. He filled the empty space with conversation. “That was a terrific band last night,” said Jamie, attempting to engage Gardener in talk. Gardener remained quiet. Focused on his work.
	After several more of Jamie’s failed attempts to engage in conversation, Gardener said, “You know, Jamie, when we resist the urge to fill up space and time with idle conversation we can often find opportunities to be in the moment—allowing our intentions to move beyond our head to encompass our entire presence. That’s tough for a lot of people to truly understand. We’re trained from an early age to be uncomfortable with stillness, but the truth is there’s a lot of power in stillness and silence.
	“Think about it. We get in our cars and even before we pull out of our drive, we’re adjusting the radio to a station that will fill the silence. We come home from a long day at work and often the first thing we do is turn on the television.
	“We sit down by ourselves at a restaurant or coffee shop or in the airport and we automatically make a phone call or send a text message or check our email. Not that there’s anything wrong with social interaction, music or conversation, but the problem is, that as a society, we’ve grown so accustomed to having our space filled that we have forgotten how to simply be in silence. And that place of silence can be a tremendous source of healing as well as knowledge. It’s the place where we can connect with our true heart as well as with the Spirit of the universal.”
	Jamie considered Gardener’s words. “Okay,” he said, “I’m game to give it a try. God knows I could use a little of that healing and… what did you call it? Universal knowledge. From here on out, mums the word.”
	Jamie continued planting throughout the night and into the early morning dawn in silence. Absent of thought, but fully aware of each detail, he placed each tiny seed into its freshly prepared bed. The moon, which was high overhead when they started, had traveled across the sky and was preparing for its exit as the rosy glow of the new day dawned in the east.
	As Jamie finished his last row, he stopped for a moment to review the garden waiting in promise of the plants it would soon bear, and noticed that both the sun and the moon were still visible overhead. He stood for a moment, bathed in the light of the moon, the sun, and the promise of what his actions had set into motion.
	“All finished, Jamie?” asked Gardener, stepping out of the kitchen.
	“Yeah, just covered the last row a moment ago,” said Jamie. “Man, it feels so amazing right now.”
	“Cool,” said Gardener. “It won’t be long now. What do you say we head out for a little breakfast. I’m guessing you’ve probably worked up an appetite.”
	“Man,” said Jamie, “you must have read my mind.”
	“Nope,” said Gardener, “I just listened to my stomach and man, it’s callin’ out for some made-from-scratch biscuits.”
	Less than fifteen minutes later, the two were enjoying a country-style breakfast of ham, eggs, grits, and biscuits at Nashville’s legendary Loveless Cafe.
	“Jamie,” said Gardener, as he sipped his coffee, “take a look around this little restaurant and tell me what you see.”
	“What do you mean, what do I see?” asked Jamie. “I see people eating and people serving. What am I supposed to see?” he asked with a mix of confusion and curiosity.
	“What I’m getting at, Jamie, is that while most of us might take a glance and come to the same conclusion as you just did, there’s so much more going on here. The Loveless is one of the oldest and most famous of Nashville’s eating establishments. It’s also known for having some of the friendliest waitstaff. Chances are most of these servers didn’t grow up dreaming of being a waiter or waitress or feeling that waiting tables was their true calling. But if you watch carefully, you’ll see that without too many exceptions they’re doing their jobs from a place of inspiration.
	“Take that waiter over there,” continued Gardener. “He’s not just serving those people their food, he’s fostering an authentic connection with them. He happens to be one of the best waiters they have, but what you probably don’t know about him is that he’s also an aspiring playwright, and in the process of waiting tables he uses the opportunity to explore characteristics and personalities that he can use in his stories.”
	“Interesting,” said Jamie. “So, what you’re saying is that doing a job right, whether you’re planting seeds like I just spent half the night doing or serving up a plate of biscuits and eggs, isn’t about the what as much as the how.”
	Gardener smiled and said, “That’s right and the single most important ingredient is getting engaged or inspired. The owner of this place calls it ‘spreading sunshine.’ You found that when you really got into the task of planting those seeds, and you can see that same inspiration being played out here. The secret is opening up enough to allow yourself to get inspired by the task, whatever that might be.”
	Jamie sat for a moment and considered the interactions being played out throughout the restaurant. “Yeah, I can see what you mean,” Jamie said. “When you look at it that way, it’s easy to see how often we miss opportunities of inspiration by dismissing the task as not very significant or important.”
	“Yup,” replied Gardener. “Most of us won’t ever be called on to perform brain surgery or negotiate a peace treaty, but we each have the chance to make a difference almost every day. Whether we choose to act on it or not is up to us. Now let's pay up and head back to see what’s left to be done with that garden of yours?”
	Back in the truck, heading toward Franklin, Jamie leaned his head back against the seat of the truck and closed his eyes, savoring a few moments of sleep on the short ride home. As Gardener pulled the old brown truck into the back parking lot next to the garden he woke Jamie saying, “Well look at that, will you? Man, you must have some kind of green thumb.”
	Jamie opened his eyes and looked toward the plot of land that he’d just finished planting. He was stunned to see that in their absence the plants had sprouted, broken ground, and turned the barren dirt into a lush, green landscape of carrot tops, tomato bushes, onion sprouts, beets, and more.
	“What the—” Jamie said, rubbing his eyes in disbelief. “How is that possible? It hasn’t been more than a few hours since I planted.”
	“Yeah, time is a funny thing. Depending on where our heads are, a month can be over before we know it or a day can seem like it will never end,” said Gardener. “Anyway, it looks like the plants aren’t the only thing that’s been growing. Man, you’ve got some weeding to do.”
	Jamie stepped out of the truck and knelt down by the garden. “This is wild crazy,” he said, reaching over to inspect a tiny, yellow bud that had just emerged from the tomato plant.
	“Here,” said Gardener, handing Jamie a hoe. “You’ll probably want to get some of those creeping weeds out first. Funny thing about weeds is that they don’t seem to be picky about how and where they grow. If they’re not removed immediately, they’ll choke out the plants you want, and come harvest you’ll have little to nothing to show for your work.”
	Jamie took the hoe in his hand, and still shaking his head in disbelief, he began to work his way through the garden. By the time he made it through the first pass, the sun was high overhead and Jamie was soaked in sweat.
	Gardener stepped out of the kitchen doorway, holding an ice-cold glass of water. “Thought you might be needing some of this,” said Gardener.
	“Thanks man,” said Jamie, taking the glass and downing it in a single gulp. Jamie took a seat beside Gardener on the nearby picnic table.
	“This gardening stuff is crazy. I barely get down one row before the weeds start growing behind me. The plants need to be watered, but if I take time to water them then the weeds start taking over in the other rows. I just can’t figure out how to manage it all.”
	“Interesting stuff,” said Gardener, “and yet as you’ve said before, it should all happen so naturally.”
	“Well yeah, it seems like it should, but I must be doing something wrong because this garden has me running in circles. Man, I’m just not certain I even want to keep going. I’m about ready to throw in the towel.”
	“Really?” said Gardener, a hint of surprise in his voice. “After the work you’ve done? After all of the effort you’ve put into this?”
	“Yeah, really. I’m just getting really tired. I feel as though I’m spending more time and attention on the weeds than I am on the plants. Something doesn’t seem right about it and it sure as hell isn’t fun anymore.”
	Gardener sat quietly for a moment looking at the garden. “You know, Jamie,” he said, “managing a garden is rarely easy. Sometimes it’s even downright hard. We plan our garden, prepare the ground, and are so excited to see the first signs of growth. We can get pretty proud of ourselves over what we’ve accomplished. That’s about the time that we convince ourselves that we’re in control. That sense of control usually makes us grab tighter. We often wind up forcing things to happen the way we think they should rather than simply staying tuned in and going with the flow. Frequently the effort and attention we put into the weeds only serves to distract us from our original objective. It’s happening here. Just look at all the attention you’re giving to the weeds.”
	“Yeah,” said Jamie,” I know I’ve been chasing after them, but what else could I do? They were taking over the garden so quickly if I sat down for a moment or turned to take care of a plant then there was a chance I’d lose everything anyway.”
	“I know how that feels,” said Gardener. “But the problem is you were so out of touch that you didn’t even notice that the carrots are ready to be pulled or that the tomatoes are probably ready to pick. A similar kind of thing happens in our lives as well, only weeds can come in a lot of different forms. Heck, there can even be some ‘weeds’ like drinking, socializing, expensive vacations or even relationships and romance that can seem really, really enjoyable. But if they take us too far away from the path of our true heart or prevent us from reaching our highest good or inner spirit then they’re weeds. A high-paying career or the house of our dreams can be weeds in disguise in that we’ll think they’re a good thing in our life, but realize later that they’ve required so much of our time and attention that they distracted us from our true path.”
	“I see what you mean,” said Jamie, feeling an overwhelming urge to close his eyes and sleep. “Guess it’s time I put the hoe down and started picking some of what I’ve grown. ”
	“Well yeah, Jamie,” agreed Gardener. “Now would be a good time, except that your time is up here. It’s time for you to go, buddy.”
	“Time for me to go?” Jamie said, feeling a mix of confusion and irritation. “What the hell do you mean I have to go? I’ve worked too hard for all of this to have to leave it. Especially now. Especially just when it’s ready to be picked and enjoyed.”
	“Yeah, it doesn’t seem fair does it?” replied Gardener with a smile of sincere compassion. Handing Jamie one of the packets that Katie had given him, Gardener rested his hand on Jamie’s shoulder as he continued. “The thing is, fair almost never figures into the picture. Maybe it’ll help to sprinkle a couple of these packets around. I’ve gotta head inside and get ready for this evening’s show. You take care now and maybe we’ll run into each other again sometime.”
	Jamie took the packet from Gardener and read it:
				Affirmation for the Gift of Change
	I understand that change is a natural part of life; that all things have a beginning, a middle, and an end, and that each of the stages must be permitted its natural flow. I remain open to and grateful for the lessons that life offers through change, regardless of whether it is perceived as positive or negative, good or bad. I welcome the opportunity for growth and evolution that all of life’s lessons through change provide me.
	“Perfect,” said Jamie to himself. “The change thing again. Fits right in with the packet about impermanence I guess. Heck, I guess I never really believed I’d ever get anything good out of the garden anyway.”
	Tossing the remaining packets on the ground, Jamie said out loud, “So I’m supposed to go. Go where? I’ve got no idea where I’m supposed to go, and absolutely no clue how to get there.”
	Overcome with a feeling of complete exhaustion, he laid his head back against the picnic table and closed his eyes.

	When Jamie woke, it was to the sound of a woman’s voice singing a tune that seemed familiar. Whose voice was that? He struggled in the darkness to place it. The voice, he remembered. A woman he knew—but who? His head was pounding. His mouth was dry. He tried to move his legs, but they didn’t seem to cooperate. He moved his hand. The singing stopped.
	Jamie focused on opening his eyes. They were dry and opened only with effort. When they did, the light was so bright it was difficult to focus. He turned his head toward the direction of the singing to see the outline of a young woman with curly hair. “Katie?” he whispered.
	“No. Maggie,” said the woman setting the guitar gently on the floor. She reached for his hand. “Sit quiet a minute,” she said, “I’ve called for the nurse. She’ll be here any minute.”
	As if on cue, a rotund nurse with silver hair, bright smile, and deep green eyes, entered the room. “Welcome back, Mr. James,” she said. “My name’s Grace. I’ve been caring for you the past few days and we’re sure glad you decided to join us again.”
	Maggie moved from her place by the bed to give the nurse room to tend to Jamie. “I’m gonna run down to the cafeteria and get Lily and Jen,” said Maggie. “Lily’s hardly left your side for more than a week and she’s gonna want to know you’re awake.”
	“What do you mean?” asked Jamie. “Where am I? What’s happened?”
	“You had a pretty bad wreck, Mr. James,” said Grace, checking his pulse. “You’ve been unconscious for almost a week now, but you just rest easy. It looks like you’re gonna be just fine.”
	“Popi!” Lily exclaimed as she bounced into the room, her mom, Jen, following closely behind her. Lily ran to the bed and wrapped her arms around her father’s neck. “Oh my gosh, Popi. I’m so glad to see you’re back. I was so worried about you,” Lily said with tears in her eyes.
	Jen rested her hand on Jamie’s leg. As he turned to look at her, he realized that his right leg was suspended mid-air and wrapped in a cast. Jen followed his gaze. “Your leg was broken in six places. It was pretty bad, but you’ve had surgery and the doctors say you’ll be back and running marathons in no time with a little work,” Jen said keeping her tone light and hopeful. “Do you remember anything about your accident?”
	“No,” said Jamie. “I remember going to Maggie’s show at Gardener’s. It was snowing a little when I left and I remember driving towards home.” Jamie paused in thought. “I guess that’s about it. I don’t remember anything after that. How bad is it? Was anyone else hurt?”
	Lily spoke. “You’ve been in a coma for five days now. They had to do surgery to stop some internal bleeding. It’s been really awful, Dad.”
	“No one else was hurt and thanks to Maggie’s quick reaction in calling for help you’re going to be just fine,” said Jen, putting her arm affectionately around Maggie’s shoulders.
	“I was driving not far behind you and saw a deer run in front of your car just outside of Franklin,” said Maggie. “You swerved to miss it, but the roads were a little wet and you wound up colliding with a really big tree. I guess you could say the tree won.” 
	“Maggie’s been teaching me to play the guitar while you were in here, Popi,” said Lily. “We’ve been practicing music therapy on you to help bring you out of your coma. Do you remember us playing for you?”
	Jamie smiled. “No, baby,” he said, then paused. “Well, wait. I do remember something kind of. I remember hearing a woman’s voice and—”
	“And did it sound something like this?” said Lily, breaking into a sweet chorus of the song she and Maggie had been working on.
	“Yeah, baby. It sounded just like that.” Jamie smiled tiredly.
	“Looks like Mr. James needs to rest a little,” said Grace. “The doctor will be in shortly to examine him. Why don’t y’all go on down to the cafeteria and get something to eat. I’ll keep a close eye on him while you’re gone.”
	When the three were gone, Grace said, “You sure got a loyal fan club there, Mr. James. Not many ex-wives would be so good as to care for you the way Miss Jen has. Little Lily has hardly left your side the entire time and Miss Maggie has been playing that guitar so much I thought her fingers might fall off. All I kept thinking was you must be some really special kind of man to have such a loyal group of good women around you.”
	Jamie laughed. “Well thank you, Grace. But I’m afraid the special is mostly all about the three of them. I’d have to admit I haven’t had much time for anybody but me and my career for the past several years.”
	“Well, we humans can be pretty funny that way,” said Grace. “Giving our time and attention away like it wasn’t worth a nickel to everything except what’s really important to us. And most of the time we don’t even realize it until it’s too late to make a change—until the kids are grown with lives of their own, until the marriage falls apart or until our parents have grown old and passed on. The lucky ones are the ones like you who get a wake-up call and a chance to make a change.”
	Jamie watched in silence as Grace adjusted the tubes that were running from the IV tower to his arm. “So this is what luck looks like?” asked Jamie.
	“Yes, sir. Far as I’m concerned it is. I can’t tell you how many patients I see in here each year—cancer patients, diabetics, accident victims like yourself. Some of them are never gonna get their old lives back even close to what they had. A lot of them may not even have long to live, but they’ll still tell me that their illness or accident has been the best thing that ever happened to them because it forced them to see how precious their life is now, while there's still time to make a difference.

	Two days later, shortly before noon, Jamie was sitting upright in his hospital bed with Maggie, Lily, Jen, and Jeff surrounding him, plates piled high with a traditional Thanksgiving meal that they had carried in, picnic style.
	Lily and Maggie entertained them with several songs that Maggie had been teaching Lily. As they finished a chorus of “After the Rain,” the song Jamie had written in honor of his Grandmother, there was a knock on the door.
	“Anyone home?” said Miles Gardener, opening the door to Jamie’s room slightly. “You okay for visitors, Jamie?” he asked. “Especially one bringing a gift of a home-baked apple pie?”
	“Well hey, Miles,” said Jamie. “Come on in. It’s nice of you to drop by, pie or no pie. Although, man, that does smell good. Have you met my daughter Lily and her mom, Jen, and step-dad Jeff?”
	“Yeah,” said Miles, putting his hand softly on Lily’s shoulder. “We all got acquainted after the accident while you were still deep in sleep. Sure is a lot nicer to see you sitting up and joining in.”
	Jamie laughed. “Yeah, I’m pretty grateful to be back on the mend. I am also feeling pretty grateful at the moment that the doctor cleared me for eating regular food yesterday,” Jamie said with a smile. “I sure would have hated to miss out on this. No doubt about it. It's the best Thanksgiving meal I’ve ever had.”
	“Yeah, and wait until you taste this pie,” said Maggie. “Miles is famous for his homemade apple pie.”
	“Shoot, Popi,” said Lily, sitting propped up beside him on his hospital bed, “we could be eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and it wouldn’t matter at all to me, so long as you’re here eating with us.”
	Jamie put his hand on Lily’s and smiled at her. “Me too baby,” he said. “Me too.”

	Over the next few days, Jamie’s health showed signs of rapid recovery, and by the beginning of the next week he was making his way down the hallways without assistance, save for his crutches, guitar slung over his back.
	During the time when Jamie remained unconscious, Maggie and Lily had found their way to the kids' oncology ward and gotten permission to share a little music therapy with them in the afternoons. And it wasn’t long before Jamie had decided to join them. Jamie found that the music appeared to brighten the kids’ moods. He knew for certain that performing for them lightened his heart. And he had a sneaking suspicion that it was largely responsible for his nearly miraculous recovery.
	“Hey, y’all,” said Jamie as he approached the hodgepodge of children, many of them bald and dressed in hospital gowns. “How about we share a song or two?”
	The children let out a collective whoop, only to be warned by the nurse, “Now all y’all remember to keep your voices down. In spite of your smiles, this is a hospital and we need to keep the sound down so as not to disturb anyone.”
	“Sorry, Bethany,” said Jamie, already familiar with the staff and the routine. “We’ll be certain to keep it down. Nothing higher than a ten on the noise meter.” 
	“Yeah,” responded Bethany, “you find yourself at ten and we’ll both be kicked out of here.”
	Jamie smiled with an awareness of how full his heart. Man, I love this, Jamie thought to himself as he took a seat, stretched his cast-bound leg out in front of him and reached over his shoulder to get his guitar.
	“What’s up first, kids?” asked Jamie. “You guys choose.”
	Several of the kids began tossing out suggestions of songs ranging from “Rudolph the Red-nosed Reindeer,” in honor of the upcoming holiday, to well-worn Beatles tunes which none of them, save Jamie, were old enough to remember in their original form.
	Jamie obliged, delighting them with an eclectic mix of songs that included “Yellow Submarine,” Johnny Cash’s hit “Ring of Fire,” and several songs by legendary country singer Tim McGraw.
	“Hey, Jamie,” said one little boy from the far side of the circle. “Play that one about the birds and the rain, would you?”
	Jamie smiled. “I think that just might be one of your favorites, isn’t it Tyler?”
	Tyler smiled shyly and sat back against his pillow, ready to enjoy the show. Jamie happily obliged.  When he was finished, Bethany came to stand next to Jamie. 
	“Some of you already know that Jamie is going home today. So I'm gonna hide our noise meter just for a minute and ask y'all to give him big round of applause to show him our appreciation.” 
	“Thanks, Bethany,” said Jamie. “But don’t close the door on me so quickly. I might be going home, but I’ve promised to come back every Tuesday to lead a little jam session with your music therapy group. I don’t know what medical science has to say about it, but I credit a lot of my quick recovery to being able to spend this time making music with y’all. And Tyler, you keep practicing that guitar. I’ll be looking for you to play that song with me in the next few weeks.”

	On his return home, Jamie began catching up on the demands of daily life, paying bills, taking care of household chores, and catching up on work he’d missed. He had been out nearly a month, and while Darrel assured him that everything was still running smoothly, they both knew that it was important for him to get back into the thick of it as quickly as possible. Shortly after the Thanksgiving holiday, Darrel had received signed confirmation that the Standsell deal was a go. Jamie and his team would need to get a head start on fulfilling the terms of their agreement.
	Though Jamie was anxious to return to work, his doctor had told him he wouldn’t okay his return until after the New Year. “You may feel like your leg and body parts are fine, Jamie, but there’s a lot of healing yet to be done. Just slow down a little and give yourself permission and time to heal,” his doctor had said, giving him four additional weeks of disability leave from his job.
	Still, old habits die hard, and within days of returning home, Jamie started using his free time to construct the project outlines and time lines that would help his team move forward. This process wasn’t anything new, but if their company was going to stay on top and keep the contracts he and his team had spent most of the past quarter securing, then it was his job to make certain they kept raising the bar on both product and service.
	Just four days before Christmas, Jamie was sitting in his home office reviewing a customer feedback report when he noticed a feeling of sadness come over him. It was all he could do to read the comments, much less get excited enough to come up with creative solutions to remedy them. What’s up with this? Jamie thought to himself. This is no way to stay on top.
	He felt himself drifting down into a place of irritation and anxiety when the phone rang, bringing him abruptly back to the present. He looked at the caller ID. Darrell, he thought. Wonder what crisis is boiling up now?
	“Hey, Darrell,” said Jamie in greeting. “What’s up man?”
	Darrell’s voice was quiet. He sounded down. “Something’s come up,” said Darrell. “I’m just down the block from your place. Mind if I stop by? I need to talk to you.”
	“Well, sure. Is everything okay?” asked Jamie.
	“Yeah. Well, more or less. I’ll be there in ten minutes and I’ll explain everything then.”
	When Darrell arrived, the two sat down on Jamie’s leather sofa with a gorgeous view of the Cumberland River and downtown Nashville showing through the full-length, plate glass window.
	Darrell looked liked someone had knocked the wind out of him and Jamie told him so. “Man, Darrell, you look awful. What’s happened? Is Joy okay? Did something happen to one of your kids?”
	Darrell hesitated. “Joy and the kids are fine. Everyone’s fine. But I just got out of a meeting with top management and Jamie . . .” He hesitated. “The company’s been sold. Our division is being restructured. They’re giving us all a descent severance package, but as of today, all of us—you, me, Lisa, Chris, Jerry—are unemployed.”
	“What kind of logic is that?” said Jamie, the shock evident in his voice and on his face. “We just locked up some of the best contracts in the history of the company and this is how they thank us?”
	“Yeah, well, evidently it was sold to some foreign company and they’ve already got a sales division that parallels ours. Appears that we were just redundant, nothing more than an additional expense against budget. They made the cut quick and clean, to, in their words, make the transition as positive and painless as possible.”
	Darrell filled Jamie in on the details of the severance package that, as he had promised, was very generous. “Most of the others seem to be holding up pretty well,” Darrell said. “Though the timing, right before Christmas, couldn’t be much worse. We just got the news less than two hours ago and everybody’s already making calls, getting resumes ready, and networking their asses off. But I’m not certain what I’m gonna do. Shit man, I’m fifty-eight years old. I’ve been climbing this damn ladder for most of my adult life. Even with my track record, it’s gonna be tough to find someone willing to offer me anything close to what I’ve had. Then there’s the mortgage, the kids’ college tuition, our car loans, health insurance, and all the other American Dream stuff that we thought we couldn’t live without.”
	“Come on now, Darrell,” said Jamie. “You’ve got one hell of a reputation as a great company man. You’re gonna be just fine. You just have to keep your spirits up and think positive.”
	“Yeah—” Darrell laughed. “You’re right, I know it. Shoot, I was planning on being the one to give you this pep talk, but you seem to be taking this news surprisingly well. What’s up with that?”
	“I can’t say for sure,” said Jamie. “Maybe it’s got something to do with the fact that I’m still feeling pretty lucky just to be alive right about now. It could also be that I’ve been spending time with the cancer kids at Vandy Hospital and know what real tragedy looks like. And most of those kids still find a way to be grateful. You know what they say buddy, shit happens and the measure of our character isn’t so much what happens to us as how we decide to deal with it.
	“Hell, Darrell, maybe this is a gift in disguise. Maybe this could be your opportunity to use the severance package and open that little business you and Joy have always talked about. I mean, you might have to make some adjustments in your lifestyle and plans, but well, it wouldn’t be the worst thing if the kids had to go to a state university would it?”
	“I don’t know, Jamie,” said Darrell. “I’m feeling a little overwhelmed right now. It will probably look a little better tomorrow, but for today I’ve still got to go home and break the news to Joy. Shit, I’ve been at that company for nearly eight years. I was certain this would be the last career move I’d have to make. Where the hell am I supposed to go from here?”
	Jamie put his hand on Darrell’s shoulder but found himself at a loss for words, and strangely he realized he wasn’t feeling panicked or sad or distressed by the news. He looked at his watch. It was nearly one o'clock. He remembered his appointment with the music therapy group and felt his heart lighten.
	“Don’t let it get you too down, buddy,” said Jamie. “Go home. Talk to Joy and call me if you need. I’m scheduled to play with the kids on the cancer ward at Vandy this afternoon and I’m gonna keep it. Think it might do me some good. I’ll touch base with the rest of the team this evening.”

	Maggie met Jamie at the entrance to the pediatric oncology ward, guitar in hand, ready to join in the session with him as she’d promised. “Hey James,” she said in greeting. “How’re things in your world?” Jamie smiled, considered telling her about the layoff, and then decided to wait until after the session.
	“It’s all good,” said Jamie smiling. “You know how the song goes… ‘every little thing’s gonna be alright,’” he sang in his best Rasta-voice. He put his arm around Maggie and they walked into the community meeting room.
	Walking through the double-wide doors, Jamie scanned the group of kids for Tyler, the little boy who loved his “After the Rain” song so much. Tyler was nowhere to be found. Then Jamie caught sight of Brittany, the music therapist, who had just entered the room along with a man and woman who appeared to be in their mid-thirties.
	Jamie smiled at the threesome, a bit of confusion and concern lingering at the edges of his thoughts, and then turned his attention back to the circle of kids sitting cross-legged on the floor, or for those too weak to walk, resting in wheel chairs.
	“Hey kids, nice to see y’all again. Are you ready to get started?” asked Jamie. The kids responded with a variety of requests. And minutes later, Jamie and Maggie were entertaining the crowd with acoustic guitars and sweet songs in blended harmony.
	As their session came to a close, a little blonde-haired girl in the front row raised her hand saying, “Mr. Jamie, could we sing the one Tyler liked so much? The one about the birds and the rain? He had to leave us last night and we all thought we’d like to sing that one for him.”
	Stunned by her words, though he’d already imagined as much, Jamie hurried to compose himself. He cleared his voice and smiled. “Of course we can, sweetie. But it’d be nice if I could have some help and I think Tyler might like that too. Could y’all sing along with me on the chorus? You remember, it goes like this,” Jamie said, strumming his guitar to the now familiar tune.
	Jamie opened the song and Maggie joined in. When it came time for the chorus, the children sang along. They sound like little angels, thought Jamie. As the song came to a close, he noticed that Maggie’s eyes were filled to the brim with tears. And he blinked rapidly to force back a few of his own. “You were all amazing,” said Jamie. “I don’t know when that song has sounded so good.”
	As the kids began returning to their rooms, Brittany approached Jamie saying, “Jamie, I’d like to introduce you to Tyler’s parents, Kelly and Nathan.”
	Nathan reached out his hand. “I don’t know how to thank you, man,” he said. “Your music was such a wonderful source of comfort to Tyler. When we heard you were going to be here today we wanted to come by and thank you ourselves.”
	Kelly shook her head. “It was a really long battle for our little boy,” she said. “But through it all he was the strong one among us. Even from the time he was a baby, he just seemed to have a wisdom about him, kind of a natural understanding of what was really important in life.” Kelly reached out to hug Jamie as she said, “Thank you so much for sharing your gift of music with Tyler, Jamie. It may not have healed his body, but it certainly brought peace to his heart.”

	Jamie and Maggie packed up their instruments, offered their condolences and on their way out of the hospital, Jamie said, “How about a cheeseburger and beer at Brown’s? It’s still early and I could use a little friendly conversation.”
	“Sounds perfect,” said Maggie. “We can ride together to Brown’s. I’ll drop you back by your car on the way out.”
	Within minutes, they were sitting in a booth at Brown’s Diner, their burgers and fries already ordered, sipping a cold beer.
	Jamie filled Maggie in on the events of the day and the news that Darrell had given him about his job. “You know, it’s funny, but even as Darrell told me about the layoffs, something inside me actually felt relieved. I mean, I really can’t afford not to work. Heck, I wouldn’t want to not work even if I could. But for some reason the news made me feel lighter not heavier. And now, especially after what happened today to Tyler and his family, allowing my world to collapse because I lost a job seems especially silly.”
	Maggie sat quietly for a moment thinking about Jamie’s words. “You know, Jamie, it seems like you’ve been struggling with this issue for a long time. You may feel like you haven’t had any control in the events, and maybe you didn’t do anything to actually cause the loss of your job, but sometimes it’s almost like things happen or people come into our lives for a reason. Sometimes it’s a quick in and out lesson, like the one Tyler gave us. Other times it’s something that really forces us to make choices and changes in how we live our lives. It’s kind of like we create our world through our thoughts.
	“Seems to me you keep making choices that keep you locked into a career and lifestyle that doesn’t suit you so well anymore. You buy a new car. You get a bigger condo. You plan another vacation. And yet, none of it seems to give you satisfaction or bring you the happiness you desire. Now with the severance package and your new appreciation for what’s really important in life, you’re being given the chance make a real change. It doesn’t mean that the change will be easy or even painless, but you’ve definitely had a couple of doors open for you today that weren't open last week. Maybe it’s time to stop asking why these things have happened to you, and start asking how you can use them to get the life you want.”
	Jamie smiled at her. He let out a deep sigh and said, “Maggie you’ve been a wonderful friend and I’m thinking it may be about time I started listening to you.”
	“Really?” said Maggie, a hint of surprise in her voice. “Do you already have something in mind? What are you thinking?”
	“No, nothing in mind just yet except a shift in how I’m going to be looking at my options over the next few weeks. I like the idea of asking how rather than why. I can’t remember where I’ve heard it before, but that part sounds really familiar and it strikes me as something I should pay attention to.”
	The next day Jamie rose early with a renewed enthusiasm for what the day might have in store. He started the coffee brewing and turned on the morning news. Opening the shades, he could see that the day was going to be clear and sunny, a fact confirmed by the morning weatherman who added that the temperatures would reach a balmy, seventy-two degrees. About perfect weather for a road trip, Jamie thought. But the question is where?
	Gathering the morning paper, Jamie settled himself onto the stool by the kitchen counter and began skimming the headlines. He purposefully jumped over the business section. “Time to take a break from this for a minute,” he said out loud.
	Quickly dismissing the thought that he should probably be polishing up his resume and searching for a new job, Jamie turned to the sports page. Sports news was typically light on Wednesday and the morning’s edition was no exception. Some local high school basketball results, an article or two on the upcoming weekend football matchups, and the remainder of the space was filled with ads. He was ready to turn the page when a small display ad caught his eye.
				Unique Business Opportunity!
				Buffalo River Fishing Camp for Sale.
				Don’t just dream it. Start living it now!
	Jamie read on and then picked up the phone to call for what he assumed would be more prerecorded information. He was a bit surprised when a real, live person answered the phone.
	“Hello,” said a man at the other end of the line.
	“Hi,” replied Jamie. “My name is Jamison. I’m calling about the ad in the paper for the Fish Camp.”
	“Well, you’ve called the right place,” said the man. “Name’s Gus. The camp is mine. In fact you’re lucky to have caught me. I was just closing it up while I head out of town for a few days for the holidays. If you’re really interested in taking a look-see, I can make myself available today. We’re located just a few miles south of Linden, about an hour and forty out of Nashville.”
	“That would be terrific,” said Jamie, surprised by his own eagerness. “If you can give me directions, I’ll head out within the hour.”
	Jamie wrote down the address and pulled up directions from the Internet map service. He was feeling charged with the idea of an adventure, and moved, cast and all, with a bounce that he hadn’t felt in weeks.
	“Jamie, man,” he said out loud, even though he was the only one who could hear, “what the hell are has gotten into you?” But the tone in his voice was without judgment. And the feeling in his heart, he noticed, was happy.
	Even in the remote part of Tennessee the directions were spot on, and as Gus had predicted, less than two hours later, Jamie was pulling onto a dirt road leading into the Buffalo River fish camp.
	The ride through the serene Tennessee countryside had been just what Jamie needed; to sit in stillness and let the events of the recent days settle in. He allowed his thoughts to drift like leaves on the water, from Tyler to Maggie, to the loss of his job, to Darrell, to his music, and beyond.
	He still wasn’t certain what had motivated him to respond to the ad or to make the drive. He knew that running a fish camp wasn’t part of his dream, but he was trying to take Maggie’s advice and focus on the how of his personal happiness. He remained open to whatever the Universe might drop in his path.
	As he pulled into the camp, Jamie could see a grouping of small log cabins set back into the woods on the topside of the bluff above the high-water line. He counted eight units, all appearing in good condition, before reaching the main office building, a spacious, log cabin structure with a screened, pavilion-style enclosure. Beyond the office, Jamie could see the Buffalo River flowing gently along its way.
	Stepping out of the truck, he took a deep breath of the crisp morning air and became aware of a sense of déjà vu; a feeling he couldn’t place, but recognized as something that calmed his heart.
	Gus came out of the office and met Jamison at the front porch steps. “Hey there, you must be Jamison. Nice to meet you,” said Gus, a tall, broad-shouldered man with a rugged face, blue eyes that sparkled with amusement, and a head full of thick white hair.
	Gus appeared to Jamie to be in his mid-seventies though he stood with a straight back and appeared to be in excellent health. Jamie took an immediate liking to Gus and quickly felt as though he had known this old man his whole life.
	For the next three hours, Gus led Jamie on a thorough tour of the property, encouraging Jamie to investigate every nook and cranny in the way only one who has nothing to hide will do. 
Jamison met Gus’s openness with honesty of his own, and at the end of the tour, the two settled into the oak rocking chairs on the office front deck to enjoy a cold beer under the gift of the usually warm, Tennessee winter day.
	“Like I said before, Gus, I honestly don’t know what brought me out here. I’ve never in my life considered owning a fishing camp. In fact, though I love to fish, I’m really not particularly good at it.”
	Gus thought for a moment and replied. “Sometimes those urges that we can’t figure out are the ones that have the potential to make the most dramatic difference in our lives, if we can only find the courage to take them,” said Gus. “No need to apologize though, Jamie. If the camp isn’t part of your future, I’ll still know that this afternoon hasn't been wasted. Though I’d encourage you not to dismiss everything so quickly. I’ve told you honestly where I’m at with the sale. It was sold to me more than thirty-five years ago in the same way.
	“I was chief loan officer at a bank and left that job to spend more time with my growing family, doing what I love. I couldn’t make enough with the fish camp to provide for my family, but I was able to make it work when I took a job as a biology teacher at Linden Elementary. Looking back, I’m absolutely convinced it was the best move I've ever made. I discovered that I had a real talent for being a teacher. And while I may not have a million dollars to leave my kids like my brother does, I’m pretty certain they’d tell you that the experiences we've had and the times we've shared out here on the Buffalo have made their lives so much richer.”
	“I understand,” said Jamie. “I’m so glad that I had the opportunity to meet you and see this beautiful place. I’ll take some time over the holidays to think it over and figure out if there’s anything here that I can make work. But I want to be honest with you. I’m a salesman, not a fisherman. I’ve got no clue what possessed me to come out here and take up most of your day.”
	“No worries, Jamie,” Gus assured him. “I’ll be in North Carolina with my daughter and her family through the New Year. You’ve got my number. Feel free to give me a call if anything comes to mind. I still don’t think it’s accidental that I decided to put the ad in the sports section of this particular day and this day only.
	“My realtor thought I was nuts to do it. The truth is, I might have been. Yours was the only call I got from it. But then sometimes things come together in spite of the plans we make, rather than because of them. You take care buddy, and remember, cabin eight will be open if you decide to come on out and spend a few days getting to know the place over the holidays.”
	It was still early afternoon when Jamie started on his return trip to Nashville. Heading out of Linden, he decided to take a detour through Franklin and stop by Gardener’s for a beer. His mind was reeling with the events of the day. He was still perplexed over his decision to take the trip to the fish camp. Heck, he was even perplexed over what prompted him to make the call. Then again, what was it Maggie was always saying? “There are no accidents.”
	He had to admit that in spite of all the apparent lunacy, something in his decisions that day felt really, really sane. When he arrived at Gardener’s he was pleased to see that the place was empty still. Not quite five o’clock, it would be another hour at least before the after-work crowd arrived. He entered through the front door, the tiny bell overhead signaling his arrival.
	As he stepped into the hallway, his eye caught sight of a small, framed poster on the wall.
	The Gardener’s Way
	Sowing Seeds for a Joy-Filled Life
	Jamie read it out loud. He hadn’t remembered seeing that poster before, but something about it seemed strangely familiar. He shook his head, chalking it up to yet another of many strange events of the day.
	He stood for a moment longer, reading through the poster twice, and then hollered out a “Hello, anybody here?” as he made his way to the kitchen where he was certain Miles would be prepping for the evening dinner crowd.
	“Hey, buddy,” said Miles, obviously pleased with his unexpected customer. “Man, it’s good to see you out of that hospital bed. Can I get you a beer?”
	“Thanks, Miles,” replied Jamie. “It’s good to be out. I just came from the most bizarre adventure. I’d love a Guinness, but I’d also love to get your take on my day. Do you have some time to visit a bit?”
	Miles continued prepping for the evening dinner crowd while Jamie recounted the events of the past several days. When he’d covered all of the details, including his instant connection with Gus and the peace that he’d felt on the river, he said, “I don’t know what it is, Miles, but this whole thing is so bizarre to me. I know I’m looking at things differently since my accident, but I’m starting to think there might have been permanent brain damage for even considering chucking my career and buying a fish camp.”
	“Well I wish I could say I had an answer for you, Jamie, but the truth is anytime we give up our power to decide and follow the advice of someone else, there’s potential for disaster. Even if my solution is exactly right on it has to come from your heart or chances are you won’t be ready or able to see it through. The fact that you’re considering it is the strongest sign you have that you’re on an important path. My advice would be to take Gus up on his offer and go out there and spend a few days. Try to keep your head out of the decision as much as possible and let your heart show you the way. Once you’ve established a direction, there will be plenty of time later for your head to contribute to making it a reality.”
	On his way home, Jamie picked Lily up from volleyball practice and the two stopped by their favorite Japanese restaurant for sushi. Once they were seated, Jamie filled Lily in on the news of his job and his trip to the Buffalo River fish camp.
	“Really, Popi?” said Lily. “A fish camp?”
	“Well, I don’t know so much about the fish camp part,” replied Jamie. “But, Lil it’s a beautiful setting. Seems perfect for making music. Still it’s pretty remote and I’m not certain how I’d make a living with it. I do know, even without much research, that it would mean a dramatic change in our lifestyle and that’s why it’s important that you’re involved in the decision too.”
	“Exactly what do you mean, change in lifestyle?” asked Lily.
	“Well, I don’t know for certain. But I do know it’s a pretty good bet that I wouldn’t be making as much as with my other job. There’s also a good chance that some of our vacations would be smaller, if we were able to take any at all for a few years. And your clothing budget and other playtime expenses would probably be dramatically reduced.”
	“Jeez, Popi, I have to admit it doesn’t sound very exciting,” said Lily. “But after your accident and all I guess I’d be willing to think about it. Especially if it would make you happy.”
	“Great,” said Jamie, “that’s all I’m asking, baby. I’m planning on driving out there Christmas day and spending a few days. I’d love for you to go with me. Why don’t you spend Christmas morning with your Mom and Jeff? I’ll come over mid-morning to open a few presents and have brunch with y’all, and then you and I can head on out there.”

	Christmas morning in Middle Tennessee revealed a crisp, snow-dusted setting. Jamie woke around eight a.m. filled with a sense of anticipation, eagerly awaiting his return to the Buffalo. He wasn’t scheduled to arrive at Jen and Jeff’s for Christmas brunch until a little before noon and he used the time to gather the necessities for his and Lily’s trip. Though the cabin had running water and a potbelly stove for heat, there was a chance that the pipes might be frozen. Just in case, he packed extra water, firewood, sleeping bags, two of his favorite guitars, a lantern, and various cooking supplies. In the midst of his packing, he stopped and realized, with a chuckle, that he felt like a kid at Christmas. He smiled as he finished up the last minute preparations.
	Over the past few days Jamie had followed Gardener’s advice and taken extra care in listening to what his heart was telling him. He’d also taken a portion of that same time and done a little research with his head. While a fishing camp was probably not the right business for him, the location, as he had told Lily, was perfect for inspiring music, and songwriting in particular.
	He had called a couple of his buddies who owned a small publishing house in town and picked their brains about the process of songwriting: Where they held their songwriting sessions. What they looked for in new songwriters. How they found them and what might help aspiring songwriters get noticed.
	He’d scoured songwriter magazines and pored over the many ads for songwriting instruction and songwriter workshops. And he’d researched the housing market a bit in an attempt to get a bead on what he might be able to get if he sold his condo. Jamie realized that the seed of the idea that had been planted—a place on the Buffalo River—was starting to take root.
	Just before noon, his car packed with all the gear they would need and then some, Jamison headed to Jen and Jeff’s for Christmas brunch. It was a short ten-minute drive to Nashville’s trendy West End, and thanks to the holiday, the streets were almost empty of any traffic. The morning was quiet and serene, and he settled easily into a place of being with the moment.
	He smiled, feeling a sense of appreciation for the relationship he had been able to maintain with his ex-wife and her new husband. He was fortunate that Jeff seemed so willing to work together with him and Jen to redefine what their somewhat unorthodox, extended family might be. It was clearly having a positive effect on Lily. For a child of divorce, a label that often carried a burdensome stigma, Lily was happy, social, kind, and considerate. Her grades were good and her friends seemed well-rounded and grounded. In fact, she appeared to be flourishing even more in the peace that their new “divorced family” had found.
	Pulling into the drive he gathered up the presents, champagne, and fruit basket, and was greeted by Lily opening the front door even before he knocked. “Merry Christmas, Popi,” she said, wrapping her arms around his neck in a warm embrace. “Hey, sweet girl,” said Jamie. “Merry Christmas to you. Here, baby, help me with some of these packages would you?” he said, handing over two of the colorfully wrapped gifts.
	Jamison and Lily made their way into the living room where Jen and Jeff, along with several close friends, were already enjoying eggnog and mimosas. Jen was busy putting the finishing touches on the buffet table and getting the dishes ready. Christmas music played in the background and an ambiance of holiday spirit filled the room. Jamison greeted the other guests and then joined Lily on the sofa next to Jen’s parents, Bob and Betty.
	“Jamie, it’s so good to see you in full recovery mode,” Betty said. “You gave us all quite a scare, but you look wonderful. Even healthier somehow than before the accident I think.”
	“Thanks, Betty. And yeah, I agree with you,” said Jamie. “I really feel better. I mean healthier and probably even happier. Coming that close to the end really alters your perspective on what’s important I guess.”
	Jen, having finished the preparations, nodded to Jeff conspiratorially. Jeff stood and cleared his throat in mock-readiness for a speech. All eyes turned to watch him in anticipation. “If the rest of the world could see us, our motley crew of in-laws and outlaws, I guess they’d think we are pretty odd,” Jeff began, holding his champagne glass high as if in toast. “But each of us in this room plays a part in our family, however unorthodox we might be. Though we’re not all related by blood, we are most certainly all related by heart. A few weeks ago we all had a wake-up call of sorts with Jamison’s accident. On a personal level, for Jen and Lily and me, it was as if someone had come into our lives and turned our world upside down. Within the span of a breath, a millisecond or maybe less, we understood how quickly life as we know it can change. Jamison has been and continues to be an amazing Dad to Lily, and for that, we, Jen and I, are eternally grateful. We are also fortunate that he continues to uphold his commitment to Jen as a friend, and I should personally add how grateful I am that he’s welcomed me into the family as someone special in Lily’s life. So, Jamie,” Jeff said, raising his glass a little higher and looking Jamie in the eye. “I’d like to dedicate this Christmas toast to you. We’re all so grateful to have you as a presence in our lives.”
	“To Jamie,” said several voices in the crowd. Jamie, still sitting on the sofa, looking slightly embarrassed from the attention, blinked furiously several times to ward off the tears that were filling the brim of his eyes and threatening to overflow.
	“Thanks, Jeff,” he said, smiling. “You know I think I’ve spoken to everybody here since my accident and we’re all pretty much in agreement at how damn lucky I really am. And the really interesting part is that this accident wasn’t just my own personal wake-up call. It’s made a difference both large and small in how each of us approaches the way we live. I guess when you look at it that way, this horrible accident, which could easily have turned incredibly tragic, has been the most amazing gift. And I know, for my part, that I intend to use it for everything it offers. Life is different for me now because of this accident, and for that I am eternally grateful. I hope that it continues to bring positive change into each of your lives as well. ”
	As soon as Jamie finished, Lily grabbed a small square Christmas present from beneath the tree. “Here, Popi, this is from Mom and me,” she said handing it to him. “Open it!”
	Jamie smiled, raised an eyebrow, and did as he’d been ordered, tearing the holiday wrapping away to reveal a cowboy boots box. “Cowboy boots?” he asked with a question in his voice. “Really, Lily?”
	“No, Popi,” replied Lily. “Not cowboy boots. Open the lid!”
	Again, Jamie did as he was told, removing the lid to reveal a stack of  three-ring binders. He lifted the top one from the box and opened it, his face registering disbelief. “Where did you find these?” he asked, looking first at Lily and then at Jen. “These are all of the songs from back when I was still writing. Jen, I was certain that I threw these away years ago. How did you get them all?”
	“Yeah, you did throw them away or at least you put them in the trash,” said Jen. “You were pretty upset then. As I remember we’d had a bit of a quarrel, but when I saw them sitting in the trash I just couldn’t let you destroy them. So I put them in storage. To be honest, I’d forgotten that I even had them. Lily and I discovered them when we were getting the holiday decorations out of the attic. We decided maybe it was a sign, along with so many of the others you’ve received lately, that it was time for you to get back to your music again.”
	“We counted almost three hundred songs, Popi and put each one of them in a sleeve. I’ve even learned how to play a few of them. I think they’re really good,” said Lily, plopping herself down beside Jamie to give him a hug. “Guess I must have gotten my musical talent from you, huh?” Lily teased.
	
	Lily and Jamison arrived at the Buffalo fish camp with the sun still high overhead, though the air was chilly, topping out at just forty degrees. “Looks like we’re going to need to get a fire going,” said Jamie. “Lil, why don’t you start unpacking the Jeep and I’ll go in and see if I can warm the place up a little.”
	With Gus away in North Carolina, Lily and Jamison were the only residents of the camp. The quiet was extreme, and it seemed as though a blanket had fallen around them creating a feeling that time had slowed almost to a stop, making everything seem somehow sharper. Colors seemed brighter and the song of the birds more beautiful.
	“This is so beautiful, Popi, I can so understand what you saw in it. But you really weren’t kidding when you said it was remote,” said Lily, from her place on the cabin’s tiny deck.
	“You haven’t seen anything yet, sweetie,” said Jamie. “Tomorrow we’ll take a walk down by the river and maybe wander through the timber a bit. Gus has several hiking trails and a couple of them lead to this really beautiful waterfall. Hopefully I’ll be able to find it again.”
	With the fire blazing in the tiny, wood-burning stove, Jamie and Lily settled onto the sofa, sipping steaming mugs of hot chocolate. “I can’t tell you how amazing it is that you and your Mom found those old songs of mine,” said Jamie. “It’s so interesting how everything keeps pointing me back to the music again.”
	“Music has your heart, Pops,” said Lily. “It’s easy to see that, especially when you’re playing.”
	“Yeah, Lil,” said Jamison, “I can feel the difference, but it’s funny ‘cause when I was younger and writing and playing a lot, you know before you were born, I don’t think I really appreciated it. I mean I’ve always loved it, but when it was my life and how I made my living, I think I probably took it for granted a little.”
	“Play one of these for me, Popi,” said Lily, flipping through the pages of one of the binders.
	“Okay, baby, pick one out and I’ll give it a try,” said Jamie, reaching for his guitar. Lily selected one, unclasped it from the binder and handed it to him.
	Jamie studied it for a moment and then smiled. “Ah,” he said. “I remember when I wrote this one. I had just graduated from college and was heading out to find my dream. Man, I thought I had the world by the tail.”
	Jamie settled into the song and after a few missed chords, he was able to run through it without a hitch. Lily, excited by his obvious enjoyment, joined in to sing the chorus with him. Their voices in unison filled the room with sweet harmony.
	The two sang late into the evening, Lily choosing songs from the binders while Jamie recounted the story behind each of the songs, sharing both music and memories with his daughter.
	Shortly after nine o’clock Jamie said, “Okay, sweetie, one more and then let’s call it a night. You can take the bedroom. I’m going to stay here on the couch and tend the fire so we don’t wake to a frozen cabin in the morning.”
	Lily said, “Okay, let me see. I want this last one to be a goodie.” She flipped through several pages before handing him the one she’d been searching for. “I’ve been waiting all night to hear you play this one.”
	Jamie took the sheet music in hand and read it. “Oh my gosh, Lil, I’d forgotten all about this one. I wrote this shortly after you were born. Your arrival brought about so many changes for your Mom and me.”
	“Yeah, I know. I was the reason that you had to give up your music. Didn’t you regret having me?” she asked.
	“Absolutely not, baby. Like I said, I’d stopped appreciating my music long before you came along. I think I probably got a little too carried away with the lifestyle and didn’t give my music the time or attention it deserved. If I had, I might have been able to keep doing it. Lots of musicians do. But that wasn’t the way it was going to be for me. And your arrival was such a miracle. I don’t regret it for a minute. Even before you were born I was amazed at how much love I felt for you. Even before I knew you. I’d never felt that kind of love before and I knew that I wanted to write a song about it,” he said. “About you.”
	Jamison took his guitar in hand and started singing. When he finished, both he and Lily were wiping away tears. Lily rose, wrapped her arms around her father’s neck and said, “I love you, Pops. Thank you for that song. Thank you for being you.”
	“I love you too, Lily,” said Jamison. “Sleep well, baby. Sweet dreams.”
	When Lily had gone to bed, Jamison refreshed his hot chocolate and settled onto the sofa with one of the binders on his lap. He flipped through the pages, continuing the pattern he and Lily had established, letting the memories settle around him. Each song signaled a time or place in his life—the man he was on the path to the man he had become.
	Several times throughout the night Jamie rose to tend the fire, and as promised, when Lily woke the next morning, the cabin was warm and cozy, the fire blazing still. Having woken at the crack of dawn, Jamie was enjoying a cup of freshly brewed hot coffee when Lily emerged from the bedroom.
	“Morning, Lil.” He smiled when she entered the main room of the cabin, still drowsy with sleep. “I made some hot chocolate for you this morning, sweetie. It’s on the stove.”
	Lily poured herself a cup of hot chocolate and curled up beside her father on the couch, both hands wrapped around the mug for extra warmth. “It sure is quiet out here,” said Lily. “I don’t think I heard a thing, save for a hoot owl calling, all night long.”
	“Yeah,” said Jamie, “I think that quiet is one of my favorite things about this place. It’s so peaceful. What would you say to some homemade blueberry pancakes, sweetie? I’ve got the batter all mixed and ready to go.”
	“Sounds great, Popi,” said Lily. “I don’t think you’ve made pancakes for me in a couple of years.”
	While Jamie prepared the pancakes, Lily picked up the guitar and asked, “Hey, Pops, want to hear the song I’ve been working on?”
	“Play away, Lil,” he said. “I’d love to hear it.”
	Lily tuned up the guitar and then picked out the opening chords before pausing. “Okay,” she said, “I’m ready. I wrote this song after your accident. Maggie helped me out quite a bit so it should probably have her name on it too.”
	With that introduction, Lily launched into a full, upbeat piece with an indie, newgrass-sound, her voice fitting perfectly with the melody. The message undeniably about the near loss of her father and the gratitude that comes from almost losing something you love.
	When she finished, she looked up to see Jamison smiling at her with pure pride. “Man, baby,” he said, “that song is really awesome. I had no idea you wrote music like that.”
	“Yeah,” she said, “I’ve been writing down bits and pieces the past couple of years, more poems than music, but I never really did anything with them until Maggie started working with me when you were in the hospital.”
	“That’s terrific, Lil. I can’t wait to hear more of the songs you’re working on, but it will have to wait until later,” he said. “Breakfast is served.”
	Lily and Jamie spent most of the morning hanging out in the cabin, playing songs from his binders, listening to the ones that Lily had started, and enjoying the moment of just being together. It was just after noon, with the sun high overhead, when Jamie suggested they venture out for a hike down to the river.
	“It’s going to be a little nippy, but the sun seems like it’s really warmed things up a bit. Let’s bundle up and give it a try.”
	Lily grabbed her coat, hat, and gloves, and the two headed along the solitary trail leading to the river just a short hike below. The trees, having lost most of their leaves, seemed to Lily to be enjoying their time of rest. “It feels like they must be recharging so they’ll have plenty of energy when spring gets here and they have to grow again,” she said.
	As they approached the river, Lily was recounting the details of a fact she’d recently learned in biology class about the coastal redwood or sequoia trees of California and how they often grow in “fairy rings” or circles, sprouting from the base of their parent trees.
	Suddenly Jamie stopped walking, put his hand on her shoulder and whispered. “Lil, look over there,” he said pointing toward the riverbank where two deer stood drinking from the water’s edge. As if sensing their presence, the deer lifted their heads and retreated with a bound back into the thick of the nearby woods.
	“Wow, Popi,” she said, “they were so close. That’s just too cool.”
	Lily and Jamie walked along the water’s edge and then took off on a well-worn path leading to the waterfall that Gus had shown Jamie. “There’s something about being in the midst of all this that’s so inspiring,” said Jamie. “Lil,” he said, as they made their way along the trail, “I’ve been thinking about this fishing camp thing and have run some numbers on how I think I could make it work.”
	“Dad, are you really serious? Do you really think you’d like to own a fishing camp?” Lily asked incredulously.
	“No, baby,” Jamie replied, “not a fish camp. I was thinking more along the lines of a songwriter’s camp. Think about it, baby, about the deer and the owls and the waterfall and the river, it is an amazing setting and seems perfect for inspiring creativity. I’d convert the top floor of Gus’s cabin to a recording studio and have guest teachers who could come out and offer workshops to aspiring songwriters from all across the country. My publisher friends said they might even consider renting out the place for a week or so each year so they could bring their writers out. I just think it has a lot of promise, and I’ve given it a lot of thought in both my head and my heart, Lil.” He went on, “It just feels right.”
	“Yeah, I can see it, Popi,” she said, the excitement showing in her voice. “It would be so cool. I could come out and help during weekends and on my summer break, and could work on my songs too.”
	“Sweet,” said Jamie. “And the other thing I thought, Lily, is that we could reserve one week out of the year to hold a camp for the kids in the music therapy program at Vandy. My biggest concern, baby, is that you’ll be okay with the fact that you may not have some of the freedom to buy new things or to go on the fancy vacations that we’ve had in the past. So I need you to really think this one through, honey, and let me know if you’re gonna be okay with that.”
	“No need to, Pops,” replied Lily, quickly. “I’ve already considered what it would mean, and while I might not know exactly what I’ll have to give up, I really, really want this dream to work. I’m looking forward to this as much as you are. Maybe more.” She smiled.
	“Okay, then,” said Jamie, putting his arm around her shoulder. “Kiddo, I think we’ve just planted a seed for a life with songwriting here on the Buffalo. I’ll call Gus in the morning and we’ll get the paperwork started.”
	“Really, Popi?” she said. “That’s all there is to it?”
	“No, Lil,” said Jamie. “Planting this seed is only the first step. It seems like it was a long time coming, but now is when the real work begins. It’s gonna take a lot of effort, energy, and dedication to make certain this dream continues to grow. And it’s probably not going to make us rich, at least not in money. But you know what, baby?” he said putting his arm around his daughter and drawing her near him. “Something tells me we’re gonna do just fine.”

	Two days later, their car packed and the cabin cleaned up, Jamie and Lily were ready to head back to town. Jamie was eager to return and get everything in motion. He’d already phoned Gus and they had a gentleman’s agreement, but there was, he knew, a lot to do. He would need to work fast to get his condo sold, prepare the paperwork to complete the purchase of the fish camp, and make preparations to get his new business up and running as soon as the season would allow. At times it felt overwhelming, but he didn’t let up on his dream and Lily’s excitement helped him keep his enthusiasm up.
	“Guess everything’s pretty well packed and we should be ready to go,” said Jamie to Lily. “Why don’t you carry your suitcase to the car? I’ll give the place one last walk-through and we’ll be on our way,” he said, then smiled at her. “At least for the time being.”
	Lily took her suitcase and headed to the car while Jamie made his way through the tiny cabin. He was passing through the hallway leading to the bedroom when he noticed a simple wooden frame hanging on the wall. Instead of a picture, it held a poster with a verse of some sort printed in small lettering. Jamie turned on the hall light and took a closer look. How is it I didn’t notice this earlier? Jamie thought.
	It was the same framed poster that he’d seen in Gardener’s hallway during his last visit with Miles, and he took a moment to read it through.
	The Gardener’s Way
	Sowing seeds for a joy-filled life.
	
	Seeds of Impermanence
	Today is a gift; a tiny seed with potential for peace, happiness, and joy. I go forth today, present in each moment, fully engaged in each experience. I embrace this day with the understanding that my time in this world is limited. I live today, with full appreciation that it may be my last. I understand that life offers no guarantees, and that regardless of age or health, today could also be my final opportunity to demonstrate my appreciation to those I love. I make the best use of every opportunity I am given today to express love and gratitude.
	Seeds of Gratitude
	I take time to recognize and give thanks for each of the blessings in my life and seek opportunities this day and every day to demonstrate my gratitude through my actions, as extensions of my thoughts and my words. These authentic acts of gratitude inspire the manifestation of even more blessings and abundance in my life, for which I continue to act with appreciation.
	Seeds of Authentic Connections
	Knowing that the preciousness of life is experienced through connections, I give and receive happiness by fostering authentic connections with myself first, my family, friends and loyal pets, with my community, with all sentient beings, and with all of nature. I seek opportunity to create these connections through the contribution of my work, through the gift of my time, and through minor acts of kindness as well as through bold demonstrations of generosity and compassion. Throughout the world, I seek opportunities to connect, through manifestations of Spirit, such as nature, art, music, literature, and laughter.
	Seeds of Non-Attachment
	Knowing that I invite unhappiness through expectations and attachments, I willingly release my attachment to possessions, appearances, expectations, and ego-based power. While I act with gratitude for all that I have, I understand that possessions, appearances, and worldly power are not a measure of my worth, nor are they alone able to bring happiness to me or the world. I release my attachment to my history, to feelings of unworthiness, anger, hatred, and hurt. I let go of my expectations of how I should be, how others should be, how experiences should be, and how the future should be by engaging fully and joyfully in the Present and accepting what is Now.
	Seeds of Change
	I understand that change is a natural part of life; that all things have a beginning, a middle, and an end, and that each of the stages must be permitted its natural flow. I remain open to and grateful for the lessons that life offers through change, regardless of whether it is perceived as positive or negative, good or bad. I welcome the opportunity for growth and evolution that all of life’s lessons through change provide me.
	Seeds of Inner Knowing
	I listen with my heart to myself, to others, and to God or Spirit. Using my mind, eyes, ears, and other senses only to gather information before speaking or acting, I rely on my heart to receive all messages with compassion, love, and understanding and to guide my actions accordingly.
	Seeds of Mindful Responsibility
	Knowing that my thoughts, my words, and my actions are powerful beyond human understanding, I act with mindfulness; focused on positive outcomes and always conscious of the effects that they might have on myself, my family, my community, and my world, today and into the future.
	As Jamie finished reading, his heart began to swell with a feeling he recognized as gratitude. He closed his eyes, inhaled deeply, and let go a long, slow exhale. Pausing for a brief moment in the stillness, he spoke in a voice that was loud and clear, saying to himself, to the Universe, to no one in particular, and to anyone who might be able to hear, “Yes. I do believe that everything really is going to work out just fine.”
