

The Island

A Novel by Des Greene

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2010 Des Greene

Discover other titles by Des Greene
at www.smashwords.com

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is for your personal enjoyment only. It may not sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


The Island


I had reached a definite point in my life -a half century of aimless existence - and it felt as if the sand in the hourglass was speeding up its inevitable descent into the lost aeon's of time. I wished the flow would slow or even cease. There was still too much left to do - too much to achieve,  too much to learn, too much to appreciate.
I sat on an old fish-box. The quay was not busy. There were some fishermen idly chatting in the evening sunshine. I envied them their lifestyle. Their rugged unshaven faces displayed the harshness of their livelihood, but around their eyes the wrinkles of  old laughter revealed, that in the main, they were happy individuals - taken up with a physical occupation that left little room for philosophical inquiry.  Life was just the next fishing trip, followed by the rewards of coming back to land. The cycle of  life was constant, just like the steady heave of the sea under the sturdy boats.
My own life was not constant in any sense. True, I had spent the major part of it in a routine job, that eventually had given me the opportunity to pack it all in and follow the tide of my existence into the sunset of my life. Yet I had never attained that sense of calm acceptance that the relaxed smiles of these fishermen portrayed. There was always the struggle within, to find a better reason for existence. There had to be more to life than the routine of work,  rest and play. As the years passed, I knew that, at some stage, I had to strike out and devote myself to the things that I felt mattered in life.
A trawler appeared around the corner of the pier wall, accompanied by a scatter of seagulls, in frenzied excitement. The birds rose high and then dived knife like towards the stern of the boat, where some fishermen were throwing fish-entrails into the churning waters. The chugging of the boat's engine was a strange, musical background to the wild squawks of the gulls. 
I took in a deep breath and exhaled slowly, wanting to take in the real beauty of the scene. There was a wash of colour, as the red and yellow boat ploughed through the grey-green water, against the backdrop of the crimson of the sun-setting horizon. The pier wall and the small fishing village added the perfect frame to this small region of space-time.
I tried to imagine the mathematical formulae, that I had spent the past two years studying, coming up with the causal structure of this wonderful scene. Even were this possible, how could they factor in the sense of joy and wonderment I was feeling, being a part of it? I smiled internally, as I realized that being part of the scene meant that I could never fully understand it's causality structure. I was forever locked in the scene and could not rise above it -  to look at it as would a transcendent being or god. It had taken me years of study to realize this simple truth, one I'm sure the fishermen had an innate understanding of but would never be able to express in so many words - the great truth of quantum reality - that there is no real objectivity. We cannot remove ourselves from reality when we are part of it. How simple an idea and yet, how utterly hopeless for mankind to come to an understanding of existence.
"Cogito ergo sum." Descartes was right but should have added that the existence implied by thinking was not an existence apart from reality, but within reality. Reality is, in effect, our prison. Plato's idea was right all along - we live like prisoners in a cave, staring at shadows cast on the wall facing us, by a fire behind us, that we can never see - being bound hand and foot. The fire is part of our reality but we can never see it. To us all that exists are shadows and the real causal structure of our existence is denied to us. Yet Plato believed that philosophers could somehow escape their earthly shackles, and not alone see the fire, but escape the cave and experience the wonders outside - the sun, sky and all the glory of nature. Was it for this reason that I had become so taken with philosophy of late? The path through science, while necessary to explore, was not leading to my escape from the cave. The great truth of quantum reality- that reality is in essence unknowable - was like a dark cloud that descended over my intellectual journey.
I breathed out slowly and tried to clear my mind of this sombre thought. I wanted to bathe in the beauty of the here and now. There is nothing wrong with being a hedonist and enjoying life as it presents itself. The only problem is that the pleasure is always fleeting. That is why hedonism never works - it entails its own destruction in that a desire fulfilled is no longer a desire. But, for now, I wanted just to gorge on the peace I felt, as I watched the gull-speckled boat enter the haven of the harbour. I tried to breathe slowly, deeply; cleansing my mind of all thought. I let the visual perception take over. I felt my eyes fill with the sensation of colour and shape. I felt the millions of cells on my retinas sparkle into life and fire the nerve cells in my brain. I closed my eyes now and locked in the image, letting my senses sample it like a fine wine taster. But try as I might, the image began to fade. Soon it was just a blur of colours, just like a modern abstract painting. Then, it was gone. I opened my eyes again. The boat was now at the quay wall, and there was frantic activity with ropes, fenders, and fish boxes.
I picked up by backpack and threw it over my shoulder. The small ferry boat had by this time filled up, and I could see from the look in the skipper's eyes that he was about to set off. His eyes met mine, and he nodded. I threw my pack onto the fore deck and clambered down a rusted ladder onto the wooden boat. The boat was nearly full and there was only seating for about ten people - five on either side - and these had been taken. I propped myself up against the stern compartment, where there would be a better view, and hopefully, shelter from the splashes of seawater breaking over the bow. The skipper threw my backpack to me, to store in the aft compartment, and then, after a quick head count, started up the engine. The boat slowly reversed away from the pier.
There is always a frisson of excitement at the start of a boat journey. Maybe it's being the centre of attention of those left behind standing on the pier, looking enviously on. Their looks suggest that, they too, would like to be on board. A handful of people waved and the mostly-tourists on board waved back, sheepishly. I almost raised my hand too but pulled back, feeling slightly foolish. My eyes peered along the group of well-wishers on the pier, and the sense of genuine goodwill made me relent. Soon I, too, was waving sheepishly as the boat made its way out through the mouth of the harbour. The concerted waving had introduced a sort of camaraderie amongst the passengers and as soon as the hands lowered, each turned to the other and made the sort of opening remarks that lead to the friendly, trivial conversation of fellow travellers 
The young couple to my right smiled openly at me. To start conversation, I made a simple comment about the good weather. I enjoyed exchanging experiences and information with them in the carefree, open way that only strangers can - knowing that the end of the journey will bring a final and resolute separation. But will it? The thought went through my head, even as I made light conversation. Are these random links, once established, never broken. Is there a weird sort of quantum entanglement at work?
One of the great joys of having a conversation with complete strangers, is that you can throw out subjects to them that you dare not do in ordinary converse. So, soon, I had introduced the topic of quantum entanglement to my unsuspecting audience of two. As luck would have it, they were both students and had some limited conception of what quantum theory was about. However their studies of philosophy and history did not allow any in-depth knowledge. 
'But why should it?' the blond haired Jan asked, his thick Dutch accent making his English sound laboured. His equally blond friend Maria nodded in agreement. Her English was better and her voice softer.
'There is absolutely no need to understand such things,' she insisted.
I smiled at her certainty, recognizing in it the sense of certainty I had myself as a youth. How soon had I lost it!
'You are right,' I conceded. 'There is no absolute need, yet I contend that there is some need. For instance think of the world view of a chap like Plato. Everyone concedes he had a great mind, but for all his greatness, he lived in a world of comparative ignorance. He came on the scene way ahead of such momentous human achievements as the Enlightenment, the revolution of Einstein's general relativity or the even greater thought revolution of modern quantum theory. Just imagine what he could have achieved if he had had the benefit of all this modern knowledge!'
'So you are saying we can't be competent philosophers without this understanding of quantum theory?' Jan's voice had a tone of mocking tolerance and I began to feel an antipathy towards him. Amazing how human frailties can take over rational argument. I tried to quell my rising sense of dislike for the young man but nature was more powerful.
'Competent philosophers? ' I raised my eyebrows and laughed. Yet, inside, I felt disgust at the way I was feeling about this young man. How do I get into such situations? More and more, my interactions with people had been troubled - some feel belittled by my comments, others just get angry and try to hit back. Yet, all the time, I just try out my ideas on them. I treat them like a blank canvas and put forward a thesis without knowing where it will lead. What annoys people, is that they suspect that they are merely being used as a rough template for my emerging ideas. When they come forward with their own musings, they find them cast aside as worthless or indeed baseless.
I could see that Maria's eyes were on fire with indignation at the seeming put down of her friend. This pained me as I liked the young woman's surety of herself. Yet the similar sense of assuredness from the young man, made me want to put him down. Is this a male on male thing? Am I the old stag prancing, with knotted antlers, in front of an upstart from the herd. Is this old stag trying to impress the female deer? I almost smiled to myself at the thought but luckily contained it. I was in enough trouble, time to placate and retreat.
'I'm sorry,'  I said, my tone  now conciliatory. 'I have the greatest respect for philosophers. My amusement was at the idea of applying the word competent, in its strictly utilitarian sense, to the likes of Plato, or Hume or Kant. Competency implies limitation. To be competent there has to be defined boundaries to a skill - once reached, you are deemed competent. But I believe, and I suspect you also believe similarly, that there are no boundaries to philosophy. It is an open set.'
As I spoke I studied the two young tourists to discern their interest in my words and I knew from the intensity of their expressions that they were engaged. I continued my thesis.
 'That raises the interesting question -  how to decide who is a good and who is a bad philosopher? There are no guild standards to judge by. In fact as soon as a standard is posited, a new philosopher comes forward to reveal the inadequacies of the old standard. But to get back to my original point, these temporary philosophical standards are always embedded in a current state of knowledge.'
Jan opened his mouth to intervene but I held up my hand feeling I knew what was troubling him. 
'I know that they are also embedded in a culture and a history and a belief system, but for the moment I am only concerned with knowledge. The current state of knowledge was, in Plato's time, one of mathematics of shape and form - geometry. Very few common people at the time could have understood, or indeed had, the opportunity to understand the laws of geometry.'
Both were now beginning to look bemused and bewildered at where I was leading them but had not the temerity to interject. 
'But the point I am making, is that these laws were understandable by the general philosophical populace, privileged though they were. Nowadays the background knowledge is one of general relativity and quantum theory: leading into a postulated theory of everything, that may encompass string theory in manifold dimensions, or even more weird multiverses, or wild foam theory.  Alas, the modern philosopher cannot have the time or ability to have a real understanding of these exotic trends in human thought and, at the same time, be a savant in the broad history of philosophy, and contribute to modern philosophical thinking.'
The two young people had by now a glazed look in their eyes. I knew, immediately, I had lost them. I had lost them by introducing strange theories - theories of which they were, obviously, totally ignorant. But I had also lost them as potential converts to my way of thinking. I wanted to spread the word amongst young people, to think on life in the broadest sense. I wanted them to be excited by pure mathematics, weird new developments in physics and neuroscience. I wanted them also to be excited by aesthetic beauty, whether it be fine arts, architecture, music or literature. I wanted them to travel all roads that, taken together, lead to real understanding. I was convinced that no one road would lead there - it was not a conventional two-dimensional map. To access that elusive third dimension that leads to understanding, all roads on the surface of the map must be taken and taken at once!
I let the conversation recede and turned my head away, staring at the waves. I had lost interest, and they had lost interest. No harm done. That is what happens on journeys - senseless conversations and then parting never to meet again. But I knew we had become entangled and that this could not be destroyed. Sometime, somewhere in our futures, we will have our entangled states resolved. I had meant to explain what entanglement was, but had not got round to it. Did I really understand it myself?
A sudden big wave passed over the bow of the boat and sprayed everyone with sea water. The boat lunged down into the trough of the wave, and I felt my stomach churn. I held onto the rail, as the water lashed my face a second time. Everyone was now saturated, and belatedly the skipper started handing out oilskins to anyone who wanted them. Happily, I donned an oversize yellow suit that made me look like an old fisherman.
The sea was getting very choppy and, one by one, the passengers were succumbing to sea sickness. I tried not to look, as they retched over the side. Mentally I was fortifying myself against a similar fate. The Dutch couple, beside me, were white but had not given in, bravely fighting the nausea. From under my yellow hood I gave them a conciliatory smile, and was warmed to receive one in return. No harm done obviously. I turned to gaze at the wild waters. Inwardly, I was delighting in the turmoil of the sea. It was a fitting start to my journey.
Every time the boat crashed down, it sent a spray of white water into the air, accompanied by a loud bang. The water cooled my face and acted as a gentle balm. The gulls raced ahead and then, in a smooth gliding motion, let the boat catch up, before swooping down into a wave trough, and then off again. The waves were now looking ominous to a landlubber, but the skipper seemed unconcerned, inside his little cabin to the fore.
I was between worry and excitement. I sensed the power of the sea. The waves could take my life away at a whim. The interminable energy of the surface was a constant reminder to me that life is a delicate balance, at the best of times. The undulation of power, in the rise and fall, eddies, vortices and currents, created by the fury of the water, was a reminder that all life was subject to such seeming chaos, albeit at different levels. I thought of the surface of the sun. There, there is never peace - for the inferno of burning gases causes the surface to witness  constant furious storms, worse than the fiercest hurricanes that earth can produce. The entire surface is one gigantic frenzy of chaos. Yet, from our distant perspective, the sun is a calm and peaceful presence.
At the other end of the scale, the vacuum of the quantum world sees storms of infinitesimal change, where tiniest fundamental particles and their antiparticles jump in and out of reality in an unimaginable frenzy. It is not a wonder, therefore, that the sea, which is a phenomenon of our human scale, can, too, exhibit such wild behaviour What is miraculous is that there are times when it is totally calm. That, peculiarly, is a phenomenon that is not apparent at the extremes of the infinitesimal or the cosmological.
Could there be a germ of insight here? Insight, I was constantly searching for insight, for some slight symmetry or particular asymmetry in the perception of life, or even in the personal understanding of what life presented to me. This insight could be my life's goal, once discovered. It could, in an instant, make sense of my existence - be the answer to the "Why?". That, why, is the most enigmatic question there is. It can spread its wings to encompass a multitude of  situations - each then adding up into the philosophical why - the big question.
I had spent so much of my recent efforts on the question of how, that there was little need for a why - just move back a stage of the how if there is a why. Eventually you find yourself at the Big Bang, the supposed start of time. But of course there was time before the Big Bang, but just in another universe. Soon we were looking at multiverses, and wild theories of foamlike surfaces, where untold infinities of universes come and go. This surface, too, has the form of a chaos of sea. You cannot escape turmoil. But where is the calm?
A large crash sent a wall of water over the boat and everyone was now saturated and miserable. Maria, the young Dutch girl, had succumbed to the elements and was wretchedly retching over the boat rail. Her companion, equally white, was heroically massaging her back but was also on the verge of voiding his stomach to the turbulence of the sea. I felt sorry for them. I knew that they would now sell their soul, just to be back on solid ground. The more they wished for relief, the slower time passed.
Time is such a mental thing, or maybe I should say duration, because time just is. It cannot be experienced. It is duration we perceive, and all our perceptions are personal. For me, at that moment, time was fleeting because, despite the discomfort and the potential danger, I was exulting in the experience of being alive. I was not willing time to pass, but in its impish way, it was running too fast for me. Time is a demon. It senses our feelings and acts contrarily to our desires. I had felt the years pass too quickly of late, now that I had discovered a reason to live. The many years of pointless existence had passed so slowly. Time was definitely asymmetric. It flowed in one direction but it also acted contrarily to expectation. This aspect of time was not something I had not realised before. Was this another insight?
On the horizon, the tall peak of the island had become visible. Had it been there all along and not been noticed? I knew it was only just over ten miles from shore, so it must have been visible. Perhaps the boat had changed course. I looked back at the wake and saw that the track disappeared almost as soon as it was made. The tumult of the water destroyed the past. If it were a calm day the wake would be visible for miles. Histories are lost in turbulent times. Perhaps that is why we know so much about Greek culture. True there were the many wars, but there was comparative peace too. Funnily, eventually all histories will be lost if one thinks of it. The march of time has been likened to the increase in entropy. Does entropy exist as a objective reality or is it a scientific fantasy? The scientist posits entropy as the ever increasing complexity of existence - akin to a decreasing state of knowledge of the overall state of a system. The supposed ultimate state for the universal system is one of infinite entropy, or conversely, minimal knowledge. So, on a cosmic timescale, we are forgetting our past, or rather we are losing our past. A cosmological Alzheimer's disease!
We are forgetting our past inexorably. What does that mean for the infamous quantum field theory of the sum or superposition of all possible histories making up reality? A curious idea I could never really understand. Good old Schr?dinger's cat facing a random future in a closed box - is it both dead and alive? The quantum theorist says that it is in a superposition of both states, in a probabilistic sense. Some maintain that the cat has both existences - is dead in one world and alive in another! But if knowledge of our histories is decaying in the entropic sense, then surely, reality is decaying. Is the end of the universe the end of reality? Perhaps, another insight.
The island was now fully visible and the sight of it helped raise everyone's spirits. It rose conically from the grey waves to a towering height. At its base what seemed like millions of gulls flew in the air streams created by the sheer cliffs guarding the shore. There the waves were white and frothy and ominously dangerous. The boat, keeping a safe distance from the hazardous rocks, circled the southern shore of the island. It seemed incredible that this tiny craft could find a safe landing on the treacherous shoreline. 
But the skipper was all the while unperturbed, puffing on a soggy cigarette and gesticulating with his free hand, pointing out a sea arch, or one of the many sea stacks that littered the shoreline. The gulls had gone into a frenzy at the approach of the boat to the island. They dived at the stern and swooped away in steep wide arcs, their cries filling the air. I felt elated at the scene. This was real life at its best - being tossed on the waves in a tiny craft, at the mercy of the sea, in the shadow of an ancient island, and under the constant attention of thousands of flying creatures. How could my sum of histories add up to this special moment?
I closed my eyes and went into a deep state of peace. I took off on a voyage backward in time from that point, stopping off at only the seminal moments - those that were etched indelibly onto my sub-conscious mind. I flew swiftly past the years of professional work and rearing of family. My first landing was far back in childhood - perhaps I was about ten or eleven years old.
The feeling came back as if it never left me. Wellingtons on and duffel coat fastened, I headed out into the heavy rain, my hand in the coat pocket clutching the small bird book given to me by my best friend. It was the first birthday present I had ever got, and thereafter, no present could ever live up to it. So as I stole out of the house, unobserved. I knew I was setting off on an experience that was to be very special. It was the first time I had the opportunity to use the bird book.
Up to then I had little interest in birds but yet had a romantic idea of the pastime of bird watching. Locked into this view was the possibility of escape from the reality of my own life, with its unhappy family environment and poor circumstances. I saw, in becoming a birdwatcher, an avenue in to the world of some of the characters I'd read about in children's books. I fantasised about the world of the Secret Seven or the Hardy Boys, and found my own life to be dull in comparison to the adventurous lives they perpetually led. I developed a deep longing for adventure and mystery in my life, but the life of small town West of Ireland provided no such drama. The drama it provided was anything but adventurous - it was sordid and horribly real - not the clean wholesome bit of smuggling or whatever of the Hardy boys.
I had somehow identified bird watching as being associated with this fantasy life, and hence my latent interest in birds. This was very unusual at the time when most boys, if they saw a bird, would reach into their pocket and take out their catapult. Dead or wounded birds were interesting to them, or perhaps robbing bird's nests, but just looking at them would have caused malicious laughter and jeering. So my interest was definitely against the grain. 
My best friend was more one to use a catapult in his interactions with birds - and he had quite a good shot too - but somehow he understood my need to look at birds, and when he produced the present for my birthday, I was very surprised.
We were inseparable as friends, going everywhere together, but the exchange of gifts was not the done thing amongst boys. For that reason I was embarrassed by his offering and quickly put it away lest other boys notice and start to jeer. When I got home later that evening, I spent hours leafing through its coloured pages. I couldn't wait for morning, to go out and do some bird watching. Then, I would be like those children in my books, and maybe adventure might soon follow.
But the morning was another of those dreary wet cold days. The rain was coming down in buckets. I stared out the window for ages, hoping it would clear, but eventually I realized that it there for the day. Undeterred, I put on my Wellington boots and coat, tucked the book into the deep pocket, and without a word to anyone,  just headed out. I had no plan of where to go but made my way downtown and turned left towards the Abbey cemetery. The cemetery ran alongside a pedestrian walkway that straddled a small river for about a half mile. I reckoned there could be some bird life there, but the rain seemed to have made all birds take shelter. I was disappointed and disillusioned. This was a poor start to my entry into a new adventurous world.
I followed the walkway towards the railway end. Thereafter it cut back towards the town. This territory was all very familiar to me. It was remarkable how free we were back then. From an early age, the whole town and its environs were our playground. Apart from certain areas where we knew that, if we entered, we were under threat from enemy gangs, we were safe in the familiarity of being on our own turf. But the striking thing was that, beyond certain points, we did not stray. Outside these limits was a world unexplored and even mysterious. We were no longer on familiar ground. One such limit was at the railway end of the walk. Here we normally took the right turn that brought us back to town. The river dipped left, under the road, and headed south to the rear of the railway, off into the unknown.
I stood in the pouring rain at the railway exit, and my hand still on the book, I turned south towards the unknown. My heart was starting to thump, as I realized the decision I had made. I had decided to strike out - to push forward the boundaries of my existence. I was taking control of my life, perhaps for the first time. I had made a decision to go and search for adventure, rather than wait for it to come to me. A curious feeling of well-being engulfed me. I was at peace with the world. I didn't mind the rain or the mud at my feet. I was following my own path. I found again the river bank, which was now just passing through flat fields. I walked along, happy in the knowledge that this was all new. I did not know where it led to, but I now never had to worry about getting lost, either.
Eventually I stopped and took up position in some bushes and started to bird watch. The rain still came down in sheets and the bushes provided no shelter. The bushes were to be my camouflage, to conceal my presence from the birds. I crouched among the bushes and remained absolutely still. Time passed. I had no watch but I had no need to tell the hour. I was so content. There was silence except for the noise of the rain on the leaves and stream. The heavy swollen river moved slowly, its muddy waters flowing in the direction away from town. I threw a twig into the current and watched it float away and knew that its journey would take it to places,  that someday,  I would explore.
All day, I spent there, in the rain, my hand in my pocket protecting the bird book that never had to be opened. No bird appeared that day. I never got to identify the beautiful kingfisher or the elusive bittern. But I had identified something in myself. I cannot, to this day, say what it was, but it generated a feeling that, ever since, I have had only fleeting recurrences of. Maybe it was the feeling of the self being realized - I don't know - but it has driven me on and been my constant hidden companion ever since.
A seminal moment yet nothing happened!
On seeing the island, a faint glimmer of that seminal moment had re-emerged. It was telling me, I was on the right course. I opened my eyes and was amazed to see that the boat was approaching a small sheltered pier. The waters were calmer now, just heaving in and out of the narrow cove entrance. The skipper expertly brought the boat parallel to the pier wall and threw over two fenders, before jumping off and securing the ropes. I waited for the rest of the passengers to disembark first, then throwing my bag over my shoulder, stepped over the rail onto the island.


I lay down on my stomach in the tent, my head propped up on two elbows, facing out the open flap. My mood was tranquil, almost serene. From my elevated vantage point I could see the sea stretching endlessly, merging into the sunset. The sun was almost gone. Suddenly I felt a shiver of fear that, once gone, it might not come back. All my experience told me that the sun will always reappear the next day, but deep down I knew that such inductive expectation could be erroneous. I knew that all things change. The past is no guarantee of the future. The past is gone, but we contrive causal laws that try to give continuity between past and future. How do these laws work if the past is gone? There has to be continuous causal connectivity.
The sun disappeared and the light was dimming fast. It was gone from my sight but it was still connected causally to me, even in my blindness. I saw myself in my tent, perched on top of a rocky island, at the edge of a great sea, that covered a large portion of a mid sized planet that was trapped by the gravitational field of a much more massive sun. There was the causal relation, and that was why I could rest assured that the sun would rise on the eastern horizon in the morning.
The darkness was not total. It was soothing to my eyes. There was a great sense of quiet there on the cliff top. The gulls had settled down in their nests for the night, and the only sound was  the rhythmic boom of waves crashing against the base of the cliff. I had not eaten since getting off the boat, yet felt not in the least hungry. I had been busy finding a good remote place to pitch my small tent. The place I had chosen was well away from the sparse habitation of the island. I knew that few would venture up the craggy slopes to this seemingly inhospitable spot. The climb had been difficult but the reward, on reaching the heather strewn summit at the cliffs edge, was well worth the effort. I made camp under some straggly gorse bushes that might afford some shelter from the elements but allowed me face out towards the open Atlantic. I climbed inside and lay down to watch the sunset. As the sun slowly descended and changed colour into a brilliant orange, I felt a complete awe at the beauty of the world.
I tried to imagine how the ancient monks must have felt as they watched this same sunset over a thousand years ago. The sanctity of the place was almost palpable. I could have prayed, if I had someone to pray to. Instead I prayed to the universe, or the cosmos, or perhaps to existence. I thanked whatever it was that made me a privileged observer of this beauty. I wanted so much to connect with the aesthetics of the environment that was before me.
Why is the world so beautiful? The question had never before occurred to me. Is it because I perceive it to be beautiful, or is it beauty in itself? Can there be beauty without a beholder? I had long been of the opinion that to interpret something as beautiful is a conditioned or cultural norm. There is no objective beauty. Animals don't perceive beauty. You have to have intelligence, to conceive the idea. That intelligence links events or perceptions, that are good for the organism, with the feeling we have when we say something is beautiful. That is why most Europeans love a colourful pastoral painting, as it evokes the security of a good harvest and absence of famine. Africans would have a different concept of what makes a beautiful landscape. Perhaps we love sunsets because of an ancient memory of resting and feasting after a long day hunting. The sunset represented a full stomach, warmth from a fire and the prospect of a night's sleep. No wonder we have a deep love of the setting sun. But if all our conceptions of beauty are conditioned and in a sense utilitarian, is there any real beauty in itself?
I began to realize that beauty exists within us, not without us. We are the creators of our beauty myth. Nature has no concept of beauty. There are no laws for it. It cannot be deconstructed, outside the prison of the human mind. It is there because we choose to perceive it to be there. But of itself, it doesn't exist.
It is very heretical to say that beauty doesn't exist - it is denying God, because in a way all concepts of deity are those associated with beauty. Had I denied God? Sorcha my ex-wife certainly thought I had. She was religious in a very traditional way, claiming to have had a revelatory experience in her youth that forever had convinced her of her belief. I was sceptical of this and I suppose this scepticism sowed the seeds of our later break-up. I found many problems with Sorcha's views on the world but I was besotted by her beauty. She had such pure beauty, her jet black hair framing her pale delicately sculpted face. I was instantly taken by her presence. The religious thing only emerged later. At first I perceived no problem and could treat her assertions lightly. But slowly I began to find dogma very difficult to accept, and unwisely challenged it at every turn. Our relationship went downhill, and came to a complete break when I realized she placed her beliefs ahead of us. So I left. It was very difficult at first, but slowly I came to the realization that it was Sorcha's external beauty that had so enraptured me. I had never loved her as a whole person. I had loved her body. That, I realized, is not love but a form of self indulgence, a form of hedonism. It was bound to fail.
What was wrong, was my concept of what is beautiful. I had placed the body beautiful myth on a pedestal. I had not realized there was a higher form of beauty, one that transcends the physical and exists on a higher dimension. I had not yet determined exactly what this concept was, but the search led me to the world of philosophical thought, and ironically to the metaphysical world, wherein, the concept of deity re-emerges. But the deity of my metaphysics is not that of conventional belief, but one grounded in the laws of the cosmos. Maybe the beauty of the cosmos, as revealed to man, is the nearest we get to real revelation.
Increasingly the great minds of science are now the high priests of modern piety. They alone have the keys to the understanding of our lonely predicament of existence in this vast universe. By their labours they travel in space and time, trying to unlock the secrets of being. They report back to us, the laity, who have not the tools or the ability to travel alongside them in their voyages. They translate their findings into everyday words that we can understand, but yet leave us remote from the real experience of their voyage. These high priests reveal a reality that is wilder than the craziest reality imaginable. They emphasize the beauty of the underlying laws and hint that, therein, is the one beauty that is transcendent over all others. Arrogant though it might be, I set myself the goal to try and enter their world, but not just with the armoury of physical or mathematical understanding, but with the more powerful tool of a philosophical searchlight. I wander in the foothills of this Everest, shining my light wherever I can. The more I can climb into the cloudy heights, the nearer I come to that ultimate beauty - the why of our existence.
Sceptics say there need not be a why, and for a long time I tended to agree with this world view and concentrated on the how. It is more positive to tackle the how. Progress stems from this. The huge increase in world food production comes not from metaphysical speculation, but from physical speculation, translated into technological progress. It was only the Greeks who despised the appliance of scientific thought. Had they done otherwise, where would the Greek empire have ended up? But perhaps that distance from utilitarianism was what allowed Greek thought to be so creative. The great surge in modern Western life emanates from the appliance of science to more and more technological development. Is this an end in itself? Certainly not, but it provides the affluence to allow more modern "Greeks" to completely devote themselves to the pure search for understanding. If I lived in a technologically poor region, I would not have the opportunity to pursue my searching for a deeper meaning for my life or all life. The hungry man thinks only of food.
Food, the mention of the word should make me hungry. I hadn't eaten all day, yet there were no pangs of longing. The body makes its demands and the mind must follow. Who is the real ruler? I fear it is the body. If the body is ill, the mind is consumed with its plight and can address no other subjects. It must be accommodated first, and only then the mind has some relative freedom. Eventually the stomach will send signals to my brain, forcing me to seek sustenance. I can't even stop breathing for a minute without my body forcing me to inhale. My body seems to want to protect my continuing existence. Funny that we can still take our own life. Why does the body not prevent us from that extreme? Is this the mind saying that it has final and ultimate control? A curious thought.
The darkness was deeper now, and all I could make out was the outline of the horizon and a faint grey of the sea. The sky too was dark with only a few stars visible. Where was the moon - that friend of the long night? I missed it. I wanted it to shine its warm light on the sea. I needed a companion to stay with me, as I drifted off to sleep. I thought of Sorcha and her wonderful body that, even now, I missed by my side. I dreamily hugged into her and felt her warmth. That's better. Sleep is coming. The mind can relax. Escape.
It's curious but we escape reality every day in our sleep but yet most of us wonder what it's like to die. I once was anesthetized for a minor surgical procedure. The nurse applied the needle to my arm and then without knowing, I disappeared from my life for several hours. Where was I? I had no dreams - there was no memory of the time spent under anaesthetic Was I dead? Of course I wasn't - my body was very much alive but my mind was gone from the reality of the present. It had no conception of time whatever. Sleep is a less extreme escape from time. The mind works away in its creation of dreams, but there is no concept of real time. Sleep is a mini death. Sleep, perchance to dream.

My eyes opened and the light was dazzling. A host of flies were hovering over my exposed head. Instinctively my hand tried to sweep them away, but flies seem to have no sense of threat or danger as they simply continued in their seemingly aimless flight. I tried to lock my eyes on one and follow its flight but gave up - the flies do not follow Newton's law. Travelling in straight lines seems to be totally foreign to them. They seem to love taking acute angles and dives. They are never at constant speed, forever accelerating and decelerating. What must their world view be like? Maybe someday a scientist will attach a nano-camera onto one and we will experience fly-world. What could it teach us? Very little, I imagine unless the camera could be so designed as to emulate the fly's eye. Then we would begin to enter the fly's world. But even then the fly's eye is linked to that tiny fly brain and how it interprets sight is probably beyond the realm of our knowledge acquisition.
There got one. My hand had shot out and grabbed a luckless creature. I felt happy at my skill but then, the latent Buddhist in me, felt reproved at having snuffed out an innocent life form. I had acted as a careless God in the fly world. I opened my fist and the little black creature fell to the heather. The black fleck was almost lost in the purple flower, but my eye followed it, as it fell in its lonely isolated funeral cort?ge. Its brief inconsequential existence snuffed out arbitrarily. Now, it lay in a sweetly-scented, colourful grave in the early morning sunlight. But was its death as inconsequential as I made out? Was it not invoking in me huge remorse? The flap of a butterfly's wings can cause storms to rage - so the chaos theory tells us. Maybe the fly's existence will yet have far reaching effects.
My other hand was numb. The weight of my body, in its deep sleep, had cut off the blood flow. I used my free hand - the murdering hand - to raise my body and assumed a kneeling position in the opening of the tent. I stared out at the sea and the sky. There was no wind and the lightly clouded sky heralded a good day ahead - weather wise at least. I was thankful and, on my knees, I almost clasped my hands in a gesture of prayer, but my numb hand failed to respond. I smiled at my body's timing - it would not condone such hypocrisy. The tingles in my arm told me that blood was flowing freely again - the pressure pushing out the walls of the arteries. I thought of the brilliant, red, oxygen-filled blood that raced through my body, bringing life to the tissues, organs and cells. I was grateful to it, for its constant work on my behalf. It gets no shift premium for its twenty four hour cover, with no coffee breaks or holidays. The only holiday it gets, is the permanent lay-off of my death. I am not planning to give it a break just yet.
I tested the stiff arm by flexing and stretching. Back to normal. I climbed out of my tent-nest and fully stretched my entire body. I took in deep lungfuls of fresh air and exhaled slowly. I felt good - this is the happy life, I thought. For the first time since arriving on the island, my mind turned to the need to get some food. I wasn't hungry as such but I knew that my body needed energy input to maintain its well-being. I had a sense of duty to it. I rummaged in my pack but there was only a badly bruised banana and a half bottle of water. I gurgled with the mineral water, swallowed a mouthful then spat the rest onto the heather.
On the way from the pier the day before, I had noted there was a cafe, attached to an old traditional cottage. It was an isolated building on a lonely stretch of road with the mountains on one side and the sea on the other. I had liked the way the cottage had been framed by the tidy limestone walls surrounding its picturesque site. Behind it, the land rose sharply into the mountain. Amazingly the stone walls continued up the steep rise, marking out lands that can have had little or no use or value. I marvelled at the pointless labour that had been sweated out in their construction. But it had not been totally pointless because now it existed as a natural work of landscape art that no museum or gallery could boast of. I had stood for a long time taking in the scenery. This had not gone unnoticed in the cottage. The upper half of the half door opened and a middle-aged woman leaned out.
'Can I help you?' Her voice had no traceable accent, yet there was a distinct refined quality to it. I smiled to convey friendliness and nodded.
'Ah, no - I'm just admiring the setting of your lovely cottage - you are very lucky to be living amidst such beauty.'
'You might not think that if you were here on a bleak winter's day. But yes, it is wonderful this evening.' Her voice did not betray any emotion and her eyes had not smiled back. Her eyes seemed to have a sadness. Maybe it was the deep eyelashes framing them, but there was a certain wistfulness to them. I found I was staring at her and quickly lowered my gaze. In the half door, I could only take in her upper body and I thought how impossible it is to assess someone on their upper half. There seems to be an instinctual need to see the hips and legs. Was that a sexual response - perhaps related to potential successful birthing. She was wearing a denim shirt that hung loosely over her shoulders and gave her a bohemian air, or was that due to the earrings she was wearing? My eyes fell on the colourful glass beads hanging from each ear. As she talked the beads seemed to dance. Funny the things that attract - but I felt a strange attraction to the beads. A smile once more broke out on my face - this time genuine appreciation. I bade her farewell and continued on my way.

So along with the rising sense of the need for food, there was a curiosity about the woman in the half door that had me scrambling back down the scree slopes from my isolated eerie By the time I had reached the foothills, I had a real hunger and my mouth began to water at the thought of some scrambled eggs on toast and a mug of strong tea. I found the start of the surfaced road, and there was now a jaunt in my step. It took a further half hour to reach the isolated cottage, and it was only when it came into view, that I suddenly realised that it was probably very early in the morning. I began to regret my decision to throw away my watch. I'd have no need of regulated time from hereon, I had figured. I looked at the sky and the low sun, and reckoned it must be sometime before seven. How could I expect to knock on someone's door at that hour, looking for food. I slowed down my pace and eventually stopped.
I needed to let some time pass. I sat on a stone wall and tried to relax and take in the beautiful scenery. But, now that my body had decided it wanted food, there was no relaxation. The time that heretofore flowed serenely, now welled up and hardly moved at all. It was playing its games again. I tried to get my mind to forget about the now. I needed to think on anything but the present, because the present was an obstacle to time flow. I hated myself for wanting the precious commodity of time to be wasted. I had such little time left - it should not be squandered. I felt at odds with my body, because it was my body that demanded the quicker flow of time. Now I was painfully aware of each second as it passed. Yet the previous twenty four hours passed, as if, in an instant. I had not felt the time flowing. I could see how related was time-flow and the psychological state of the mind. Time must therefore be only in the mind and not an objective reality at all. In other words time is only there when we measure it. Another insight?
There was a curious parallel with quantum measurement theory here. Measurement is the linchpin of quantum theory, I thought. What am I trying to say here? My mind was now sifting back over the studies of the last two years. Try and make it simple, I chided myself. Forget the mathematics, I urged myself.
I thought of a single particle, like a speck of light, moving with a uniform speed in a dark void. The void has the three dimensions of space and because the speck of light is moving there is a concept of time. What can I say to describe this ghostly particle. What are its degrees of freedom. Well, it has a position in the void, it has a speed and a direction of travel. The latter are characterised by momentum which is its mass and velocity combination. Suppose I try to find out its speed - how do I proceed? Therein lies the measurement problem of quantum mechanics. To measure, say speed, I have to interfere with the particle by firing a photon of light, from my measuring instrument, at it. But this very act interferes with, or changes the momentum. So the paradox is - I can only know the particle's position and not its momentum at any one time. It is the choice of what we want to measure that determines the reality for the particle. If we measure position, the theorists say that the system jumps into an eigenstate of position.
Now is there a similar parallel with time. What is time? It is something we surely can measure. Time is based on repetitive motion, the swing of a pendulum say. Each swing is counted and time is thus measured in swing counts. But a swing count is a very large measure of time. If we want to decrease this measure, the swing must go ever faster, or ever smaller. What is the natural limit of time? Well, it is related to the measurement of speed, and nothing can go faster than the speed of light - travelling more than 300,000 kilometres every second. So, time and the speed of light, are inextricably entangled.
What had I said - that time only exists when we measure it. There is no problem to measure time on a macro scale of say, minutes or seconds, but as the interval gets infinitesimally smaller, we hit the quantum measurement paradox. There is a physical limit to how small a time can be measured, because there is a limit to how small a physical position measurement can be made. So time is really a position measurement, and doesn't exist of itself but only exists, like position or momentum, when we set out to measure it.

I was not sure that I had reached a real conclusion, but the stratagem had worked a treat. As I opened my eyes, the sun had risen well into the morning sky, and in the distance I could discern a figure moving about in the cottage garden. How long had I been lost in time? It must have been hours. I now no longer wanted time to fly. I was full of expectation of a hearty breakfast, and the faint thrill of meeting this half woman framed in the doorway of the cottage.
But the figure, moving about in front of the cottage, was not that of the half woman. A surly, unshaven face looked up as I approached. His weather-beaten face belied the black mane of hair, that was uncharacteristically long for his age. Was he an aging hippie, or one of those new age types? His clothes gave no indication. His blue shirt hung loosely over a pair of dirty corduroys. In his arms, he grasped a full bin-bag, and was heading towards the rear of the cottage, when my arrival caught his attention. For a brief moment, his eyes seemed to lock on me, as if he was sucking information from my body. I could feel his mind whirring, as he tried to evaluate my presence on the road, so early on this sunny morning. There was the countryman's suspicion of strangers, keeping almost a scowl on his face. I tried to soften the impact, by broadening my face into as friendly an aspect as I could. I did not like this unfriendly encounter at all. For some strange reason I felt threat, and I wanted to walk on and avoid possible confrontation. Maybe he sensed my fear and was compounding his aggressive stance. I plucked up the courage to utter a pleasant greeting, and ask about getting breakfast. Again he seemed just to stare, and finally after what seemed an age, during which I was becoming increasingly uncomfortable, he simply nodded towards the cottage door, at which I now noticed the half woman standing mutely. She was observing the small drama but had made no effort to intervene. It was as if she were just a disinterested, casual observer. My eyes caught hers and I tried to find some warmth, but they were revealing no emotion. She opened the bottom half of the door and gestured for me to enter. She receded into the background.
As I entered I was aware of eyes following my movements. The interior of the cottage was dark compared to the brightness of the morning light. It took my eyes a while to adjust. I relaxed a little, as the smell of freshly baked bread came from the kitchen. The door was slightly ajar but I couldn't see in. I chose a table by the small window where the early morning sun streamed in. The faded net curtains cast a dreamy shadow onto the flowery oilskin table cloth. I sat down quietly and waited.
My eyes were now fully used to the dim light in the room. I could make out the large open hearth, with its big cast iron grate. There were two nooks on either side, where you could sit on cold winter nights, to be close to the heat. The surrounds were done in a course brickwork, painted a deep glossy blue. The paint looked thick, as if it had been repainted each year, for hundreds of years. Here and there, it was flaking off and the colour underneath was as startling - rust red. I wished I'd had a camera to take a picture of the hearth, it was so full of colour and sense of history - times past. Over the hearth was a simple timber ledge, on which an old clock stood, amidst assorted cheap pottery and other trinkets. It was only then that I heard the tick-tock as the small pendulum went to and fro. There was no other sound, except for the occasional noise from the kitchen. I could almost hear my own breath. The room seemed to amplify sound and, as I looked up, I realised it was the height of the ceiling that gave a cavernous effect. The height gave the small room the feeling of being bigger. The creamy colour of the ceiling boards reflected a hazy light throughout the room. The more I took in of the space, the more I relaxed. I settled into the timber chair and let the baking smell whet my appetite, for by now, I realised I was ravenous.
As she emerged from the kitchen, I saw her whole body for the first time. She was wearing jeans, and her slim figure made her look much younger than I had originally thought. As she handed me a faded and slightly grotty menu, I noticed that her hand had not the roughness of the countrywoman. She stood there, as I quickly glanced at the hand-written list of offerings. With a finger I pointed to my choice. She just nodded, took back the menu and retreated into the kitchen. It was only when she had disappeared, that I was struck by the fact that no words had been exchanged. Again I began to feel a bit uneasy. This was not the warm island welcome I would have expected. I would engage with her when she returned with the food.
I heard the sound of the kitchen door open but I pretended not to notice. The smell of fried rashers had now joined the smell of baked bread. I was full of expectation. The tray of food was placed in front of me, not by the previous delicate hand, but by the callused hand of a man. I felt a mild tremor of shock, as he almost dumped the tray onto the oil cloth. I muttered a thanks and felt the hunger drain from me. I stared at the food for an instant, then slowly took up my knife and fork. I clasped them almost like defensive weapons. If he attacked me I would use them. I shivered. What rubbish I am thinking. This is not a Hitchcock movie. Get a grip - I chided myself. It must be the lack of food. I took a deep breath and tried to relax. The smell of the fry and the fresh brown bread, once again, whetted my appetite. The first bite unleashed the full extent of my hunger and I started to eat voraciously.
The man, who had retreated to a diagonally opposite table, was leafing through an old newspaper, but I knew he was observing me throughout. Now that I had food inside me, normal rational feelings resumed, and I felt embarrassed at my prior neurotic overreaction to the situation. As I looked at him now, I could see he was just an ordinary person, perhaps a tad suspicious, but then if I had a pretty wife in a remote location, I too might be a little protective. I drank the tea and the effect was even more calming. The world was again taking on a warmer hue. Outside I could see that the sun was higher in the sky and that the day was going to be a scorcher. I remarked on the weather to the man.
'Aye, it'll be another good one. This is the best summer we've had in years.' His voice was disarmingly soft, almost cultured. I was rapidly backtracking on my initial impressions of him. How could I have got it so wrong? There was no unfriendliness in that response.
'Have you been living here long then?' I ventured, feeling more at ease. He looked at me, his eyes again had a suspicious look. Maybe I shouldn't have asked a personal question. Some people treasure their personal space and don't allow strangers to overstep the mark.
'A fair while.' His response was final. He got up and took the tray, with its empty plates, from the table. He disappeared into the kitchen. I was left on my own again, for what seemed a very long time. The clock ticks paced out the slow retreat of the minutes. Finally fearing that no-one was ever going to return, I took out my wallet and counted out the precise amount for the bill. I left it on the table and quietly retreated to the door. As I closed the garden gate, I looked back and saw that the half woman framed in the doorway. I thought I heard her say something - but I could not be sure, as she disappeared back inside.

I walked at an easy pace along the road. My belly was full. I was well rested. The weather was fine. It was early morning. I had a prospect of a pleasant day ahead. I was feeling happy. The good feeling is hard to describe. Writers rarely succeed in capturing the delight of happiness. They are adept at sculpting the agonies of tragedy. Nature seems to give us greater gifts at describing the bad and the ugly. Perhaps this is a survival trait. There was probably little opportunity in evolution, for the development of happiness communication, when the norm of existence was one of constant hunger and potential dangers. It's a pity really. The human being, as a result, looks more to the negative than the positive. We are basically a despondent species, with moments of levity, usually drug induced, where the narcotic or alcohol lowers our innate sense of defence and imminent danger.
But now, for a change, I felt one of those rare moments of light heartedness. There was no hunger, and I felt no danger on this island road. I sat on a stone wall, facing the fields, falling away down to the sea. The grey outlines of the irregular walls formed mini-frames, enclosing what seemed a pointless field of barren stone outcrops, interspersed by small carpets of lemon green grass. It was these patches of grass that were being preserved, but there was no sign of sheep or other livestock grazing them. Maybe the farming community of the island had given up on the toiling of the land, and everything was imported from the mainland. The global economy even stretched this far, to the remote edges of the Atlantic ocean, destroying a culture but, at the same time, allowing the islanders to survive with a quality of life, somewhat comparable to the mainland.
There was no sign of habitation between me and the sea - only the endless grey stone walls. I decided to make my way down for a swim. This proved to be not the easy task I assumed. Getting over loose stone walls was not something I had done since a child, and I discovered there was a knack required. After my first stumbling attempt, I approached the wall at the rear of the next small field, by firstly scanning along the profile. I was searching for a combination of low height and large stones. I thought of the man who had struggled to construct this pointless structure. I imagined the weight of some of the larger rocks. Tired sore muscles would not have been soothed by a deep massage from his wife, when he got home eventually that night. I smiled at the thought of my own expectation, after such an arduous day's labour. Sorcha runs a bath and pours in some scented bath salts I step in and let the scented water soothe my aches away. I can feel her fingers, warmly touch my shoulders, then deeper they press, releasing the pain from the depths. My eyes close and the dreams hover over my wakefulness. Dreams of always being like this, ever happy, ever pampered by the one I loved. I don't want this to end. This is surely my heaven on earth. But my eyes open and the grey stone wall is there before me. It is low and the base rocks are big and sturdy- easy for a foothold from which to launch my body, sprightly, over the obstruction.
I am in another field. It is no different from the first. Soon I have traversed many fields. I can now hear the soft swell of the sea against the weed covered  rocks on the shore. It is a welcoming sound. It is inviting. I am back in my warm bath and the hands caress my chest and down to my thighs thrillingly. I want more but the image fades. The more I yearned for it, the more it was gone. I realised that I was excited and felt embarrassment. These are private not public moments. I look around but there are no observers. I leap over the last wall at the water's edge and quickly strip off, naked. The dive into the dark water is rushed and awkward. The splash is loud and upsets the quiet of the morning, but there is none to hear. The water is cold. The shock makes the mind go blank for a brief moment. I feel my excitement subside, and it is replaced by a great sense of well being, as the icy water banishes frail human feelings. I swim frantically, trying to force my body to acclimatise to the extreme, as I know it must. I dive under water and open my eyes to the dark world of floating seaweed. My movements are now more serene, as the water becomes a cool balm on my skin. I revel in being naked as I swim. I am now pure. Remove clothes and man is just another animal. It is the clothes that differentiate between us and nature. We hide our wild origins in fancy fabrics and styles, but underneath there is still the same animal.
The water is now almost warm. I swim in slow graceful movement, like that of a whale, as it arches its back to slowly descend in a sweet curve, mapping out a beautiful sine wave, as it makes its way across the ocean. My body arches, descends and rises in gentle regularity. I am at ease. There is no thought - just doing and being. Would I could die like this. No wants or desires, fears or expectations, anxieties or pleasures. The search for the happy death ends in feelings like this.

I lay on the sharp, uncomfortable rock, to let my body dry in the early morning sun. The slight pain on my skin was good - like an atonement or penance. It helped banish more thoughts of Sorcha from my mind. I wanted to rid myself of those lingering good memories, just as I wanted to purge the really bad ones. I had to force myself to forget the awful pain, of betrayal and let down, of her infidelity. I could not accept that she could destroy our world at such a whim. There was a bizarre desire in her to do things that would irrevocably destroy. That wildness was what had attracted me in the first place. It was exquisitely sexy. It was like playing with a tiger, who at any moment could devour you whole. The constant fear of ending was always there in our relationship but I never really expected it to happen.
I shifted my body onto my side and felt the pain once more. It ridded the uncomfortable feelings that were seeping back to pollute my well-being. It helped banish them, but not as much as the sight of a figure approaching in the distance. I scrambled up, scraping my legs in the process. I cursed silently, and stumbled towards my clothes. Clothed once more, I felt dignified again. My feet had scrapes that were oozing blood, so I bathed them in salt water. They stung but the salt had stemmed the flow. I was dabbing at the cuts with an old tissue when I sensed someone looking at me. I looked up and was surprised to see the figure silhouetted against the morning sky. I recognised the top half profile of the body. There was now no door to frame it. 
She was standing, hands on hips and legs apart. I didn't know what to say, and she was not forthcoming. We stared at each other for a long time, then gesturing to my wounds, I mumbled something about the rocks being sharp. She seemed to laugh and turned around and continued on her way. I kept my eyes fixed on her, as she expertly bounded over the stone walls and gradually disappeared from view. She was gone. Her presence had been fleeting but it had left me unsettled. It had been totally unsatisfactory. We had not exchanged any words and her laugh was almost condescending. It had a slight sneer to it, that annoyed me and disturbed me. Why could she not just say hello, or some inane comment on the weather like a normal person? Why had she made her way down to the exact spot where I was swimming? I looked around and there was no obvious path leading to where I was, nor was it a particularly good bathing place. She must have wanted to come here. Yet, when here, she made no effort to communicate. Still, annoyed though I was, I had a faint sense of expectation and excitement about the encounter. How quickly emotion can change - calm, pain and excitement!

The walk down to the village was a walk through a surreal landscape, blurred by my sense of everything being good. I had a serene feeling that allowed me float along, blissfully unaware of my bodily movements. The sea and the land took on that hazy hue that make those romantic continental films so captivating. The water had, by now, a deep blue colour, reflecting the azure dome of a cloudless sky. The morning light cast long shadows, and the stone walls bulged in darkness to one side, the black highlights making them almost lifelike - snaking along the contours. Against the azure-reflected sea, the lime green grass of the fields stood out boldly, framed by the dark outlines of the stone walls.
There was a depth, that was unfathomable, to the intensity of colour of the little patches of field. Each could have held its own universe, separated for eternity from its neighbour, by the grey stone boundary. For an insect, perhaps, the field in itself is a relative infinity of space. I placed myself at the level of an ant, and thought of how far my comparative size might see the extent of one of those small fields. A few quick calculations, and I saw that the boundary was not really that far in his world. I had to reduce myself to the size of a bacteria, to get some sense of the distance required of infinity. But even then the analogy began to crumble. It was not the size that mattered, but the ability to travel. A bacterium could travel just as far as an ant, as an uninvited passenger. What makes infinite distance, is the impossibility of reaching the boundary and for all living things, it is life itself that is the constraint. We can set off, for the far reaches of the universe, but we will surely die before we ever leave our own neighbourhood. So there is no point in trying. Better to make the best of our near environment, and be as happy as we can. 
But perhaps science may yet let us escape the prison of the near. Einstein showed that the faster one travels, the slower time becomes. This seeming paradox may yet allow us to search into the far domain of our world - we may yet reach the stone wall boundary! But to have this effect, I would have to travel somewhere near to the speed of light - three hundred thousand kilometres a second! Such a speed would tear me apart or would it? Einstein claimed, that if the speed were uniform and in the same direction, then I would have no way of even knowing I was moving.
I thought of my slow walking pace, and realised that, caught up in my thoughts, I was completely unaware of moving, but it was not that kind of awareness that Einstein meant. He meant that there would be no intimation at all of my great speed, because everything I perceived would be travelling at the same rate. I thought of the many times on a long haul flight at night, window shutters pulled down and the lights out - there is, then, so sense whatever of the eight hundred kilometres an hour speed of the plane, cruising at high altitude. Even now, I am travelling at over forty kilometres every second, as the earth orbits the sun on its gravitational path. Neither, do I feel the movement of the earth on its own axis. So at the moment I am moving in three ways: the slow ambling walk, the faster rotational movement of the ground under my feet, and the really fast whole movement of the planet on its way around mother sun. I am aware of only one movement, in real time. Over the length of a day I am aware of the earth's rotation as it sets the sun on its trajectory across the sky. Over the time interval of a year I am aware of the earth's movement about the sun, as the sun rises lower and lower on the horizon. Each movement has its time, but then that is not so strange - as time is movement.
It always gets back to time. Time is our enigma. It is our constant companion. Our friend, when we are young and in plenty. Our foe, when we are old and in need. We notice it most when we are unhappy, and then it plays games with us in going more slowly. Contrarily, when happy we are completely unaware of it slipping quickly away. Time is treasured, because once past, it cannot be retrieved. Nostalgia is a bitter time-sickness. But for all that time does to us, we still don't really know what it is. Einstein felt that time should be removed from the realm of metaphysics, and instead created a time that was cold and scientific.
Life is made up of events. I don't just mean biological life but also the events that just happen -  a cloud moves, the earth tremors, the sun flares. What is significant about these events, is that they occur not in a pure three dimensional space, but in a four dimensional space-time, made up of the three space dimensions and the extra time dimension. But this time dimension is really a space dimension in wolf's clothing. It is time multiplied by the speed of light, which is in effect a length. But it is negative length, as light always come from the past. So time is mixed up with length and the speed of light.
I still can't say I understand this fully. Each time I try, I seem to lose the concept of time or else come back to using it as a metaphysical given. I can understand the concept of length quite clearly, from everyday experience of three dimensional space. I can apply Cartesian co-ordinates to that space, and allot to each point an x, y and z co-ordinate. From two such points, I can calculate the length from simple geometry. This length will be the same, even if I churn my chosen co-ordinates about in different ways. The length, sometimes called an interval, is invariant. In space-time there is a comparable interval that is invariant, but it is the interval between events. What are two events? They may be separated in space by a length but are also most importantly separated in time. The time separation is characterised by the travel of light from one spatial point to the other. It is much easier to write this mathematically yet I want to be able to express it in common words. More importantly, I want to give it a conventionally, understandable meaning. 
The celestial sky on a starry night is a wondrous glimpse of what space-time really is. The strange thing about our perception of spacetime, as far as it is possible to perceive it, is that we are always looking back in time. Our world is always receding into the past. There, I've ended up in metaphysics again!
Fully engaged in thought, I had lost the euphoria of the morning. The journey down to the village was lost. I felt aggrieved and annoyed for letting the moment pass, but it was not the first time nor would it be the last. Since I had started on my voyage of discovery of the quantum relativistic world, I had to let go a lot of the metaphysical joys of existence. This was a necessary privation, if I wanted to understand the deeper meaning of reality that modern knowledge was revealing. The metaphysical road was certainly more romantic and potentially more rewarding, but it was the road taken by many philosophers, eager to avoid the ardours and rigour of scientific method and discourse. For them it was easier to avoid the incredible difficulties of an emerging quantum world, and focus on the human world with its desires, ethics and morality. As I reached the village, I knew I had been on two parallel journeys - one sited in the beautiful wild landscape of the island, the other in the wild reaches of the human mind.
The village was a colourful collection of buildings, some terraced, some proudly aloof - testament to a greater means than the average, perhaps the local doctor or the priest. But it was the pinks and blues of the terraces that gave the place a bright and airy feeling. I headed for the sea of colour and saw that the local grocer had a middle terrace position. It stood out with its array of vegetables and fruit to either side of the doorway. The colours of the fruit and the fresh greens of the vegetable stand, were like splashes of paint wildly thrown onto an already colour- saturated canvas. The smells of the citrus lingered on the morning air. There was a faint smell of damp earth from the fresh potatoes in their paper bags. It was all very inviting.
The space between the stands was very narrow and carefully I made my way into the inner darkness of the shop. It took my eyes some time to adjust. I closed them momentarily to ease the transition. The darkness was now complete for the briefest of moments. But the other senses were working overtime. The smells of so many products known to me from childhood, but indecipherably mixed, came flooding onto me: the smell of nutmeg or mixed spices, herbs, soaps, sweets, the exotic taste of liquorice, loaves of bread. All hit with a blast that transported me back to the memory of sweatily holding my mother's hand in Concannon's grocery shop. Now a flood of other smells emerged from the mists of my memory. I could see those long strips of salted bacon that the shopkeeper would hold aloft for inspection. I could hear the sharpening of old knives and shuddered at the muted sound of cutting through fat and sinew. My hand tightens on my mother's and I feel her wedding ring press into my fingers. The slight pain and the image of the bacon being sliced makes me cry. I howl for no reason other than the slightest hint of pain, out of terror of having my little fingers cut in half by that sharp knife. My mother tugs angrily at my hand and the grocer offers a sugared sweet, but all I can feel is fear.
I shuddered and opened my eyes again, to see the friendly face of a middle aged woman looking at me with some measure of concern.
'Are ya all right?' Her voice has both concern and worry. Maybe I am some madman who has just entered her shop on this lovely morning.
'Fine, fine.' I smile to assuage her fears.
'Just trying to get my eyes to adjust to the light and I got lost in thought. The lovely smells of your shop brought me back to my childhood.'
'Ah, I can see that ya are one of them dreaming sort. No harm in that - no harm at all. Sure our childhood memories are our sweetest, aren't they?'
She stood calmly behind the fortress of her counter. Again strangely, only her top half was visible, now framed not by a doorway but by the shelves and food cases to either side. I felt that the scene had the makings of a beautiful painting or perhaps one of those romantic scenes from a film.
My eyes, now fully accustomed, wandered around the single room that made up the shop. I realised that it was the low ceiling and the two tiny windows either side of the doorway that made the place so dark and almost gloomy. But it wasn't gloomy at all, but was again full of colour. Bright plastic beach buckets and shovels, in startling loud colours, hung from the ceiling in the corners. They were most inaccessible and were as if placed there for decoration. But then I noticed a long pole with a hook on the end, and I realised that they were easily fished out for a delighted child. The array of tins on the shelves were a pointillist display. I could imagine the painter over the canvas dabbing on a single dash for each tin, each a different hue.
'Yes, I can imagine the many memories this lovely shop must have bequeathed on the island's children over the year's. It's a credit to you.' I had hoped that the compliment would not be excessive, but I needn't have worried as the woman beamed a proud smile of assent.
'Children find this shop such a treat, compared with the big supermarkets on the mainland. I think that the magic has gone from their young lives nowadays. Everything is big and gaudy. Full of advertising and commercialism. In this shop we keep a hold of the old things. The pots of sweets with their screw tops. The buckets and nets for the beach. The children love them. You can see the anticipation in their eyes as you unscrew the lids for their sweets, and the look of concentration on their wee faces, as you slowly count them out, is one of my greatest pleasures. You see we've not had kids of our own. We appreciate their little joys in our shop.'
Her eyes went very sad for a brief moment as she unwittingly exposed her pain of loss. I saw her there barren and growing older, the increasing years becoming more lonely, the lack of little feet pattering about the house like thunder, in the gloom of her loneliness. There is no greater loneliness than for children you never had. Perhaps it is even greater than the loss of a child, because even then you still have the memories. She has none but the memories of other peoples happiness, as their children delight in her shop.
'Anyway what can I get ya?' She has decided to get things more on a business basis - safer territory. I list out my requirements and the rest of our dealings are the normal ones of a country shop. Soon I am loaded down with plastic bags and make my way back out into the morning sunshine.

Back at my makeshift camp, I lay out my purchases neatly on the sheep-cropped grass. I am pleased at the array before my eyes. The tins and jars are comforting with their promise of sustenance. I rearrange them in groups and plan mentally how many days I could survive without leaving my lair. I had a lot of thinking to get through and trips back to civilisation were an unwanted distraction.
The provisions finally stashed away, I nestled down at the edge of the cliff and adopted as near a lotus posture as my stiff and aging limbs would allow. I took several deep breadths and let my mind relax. My eyes closed to let the soft breeze fully take my senses. There were now few sounds, other than the muted thud of the tide at the cliff face, way below me. The seagulls seemed to have settled down for the approaching midday heat. The sun shone warmly on my back, making me strip off my shirt. Then hands upturned on my extended knees, I fell into a deep sleep like state.
From deep within, a flurry of images came and went, some were shapes with bright colours, others were of figures in dark outlines that had the taint of anxiety in their furtive movements. They were not of me, or belonging to me. The images existed without and had the coldness of the other. I could not put words on them, as they seemed beyond words. They were formless forms in an unspecified background. Rather than words, I felt emotions attached to them. Again, it was impossible to put words on the emotions but I knew they were there, as I felt them deep in my chest, or was it in my head. Scents wafted strangely before my nose. I smelled the incense burned in the church before a coffin. The smell of irises and leather mingled unaccountably. The disturbing smell of semen pervaded all. I felt the scents washed away by fresh pine leaves as they are squashed underfoot. Soon the light appears through the tall forest trees. The rays shoot in straight lines, and where they intersect the air is teeming with bright silver flies. They turn blue and the buzzing becomes loud. The bottles are strewn outside the backdoor for all the neighbours to see. I cringe in shame. Am I like that drunkard that spent his life holding up the walls at the West Bridge - avoided by all the townspeople. I do not want to be excluded. Shunning is my greatest form of insult. Too much pride has been my undoing. Bottle it and ship it off to foreign lands, from whence it cannot be retrieved. I can do without a barrel load of it as I have it aplenty. Where, on my journey through life, had I garnered such narcissism. I never saw myself as other than my ideal, but in actually seeing my ideal reflection in the mirror, I was cut off from it and doomed never to achieve it. I spent my life chasing a phantom of perfection that always eluded me.
The images were now a blurred, swirling mass of emotions. They were like a frenzied vortex that constantly changed direction, and cascaded into itself in incredible fury. I had no control. The power of the emotions was unstoppable. I felt hunger. Powerful erotic surges displaced the pangs of my stomach. I searched for relief and was now sucking at my mother's breast. Total desire was washed away by the sweet liquid. I became one with her and she was part of me. Together we became it - total desire, the ideal forever sought. A range of pleasant emotions raged through my mind. I was aroused, sated and complete all at once. The anxieties of life had not only disappeared, but I felt that they had never existed. I no longer wanted. I no longer doubted. Fear, love and hate had all merged into one colossal emotion. I could indulge and let free all my animal desires, for they now were no longer animal or brutish. They were natural. They were one with reality, with no past, present or future.
The vortex grew smaller and shrunk down to a line. The line was two dimensional, stretching from an infinite backwards to an infinite forwards, but there was no identification of either direction. It had motion, but yet had no form or colour. All it really had was a blank emotion, like a mental hunger that was never going to be satisfied, or even identified. I concentrated on this image, as it finally transported me back to consciousness. As my consciousness awakened so it receded. I opened my eyes, and vainly tried to reconstruct my thoughts, but I was in a different world. I was a different person. The flood of emotions, from my real world, flooded back to regain control. I felt the power of gravity push my weight onto my extended knees. The ache of my muscles made me want to stretch. I longed for the touch and caress of Sorcha. I wanted to smell her musky thighs, yet I hurriedly forced such urges into the background, where they belonged. I regained control from the world I had just left. I realised that I had been in a state of total lack of control, of which, now, I had only fleeting memories. I had disturbing memories of total violence, followed by carnal ravishing. The details were not there, but the feelings were still lingering. The feelings were strangely not ones of self disgust, but of fulfilment of animal desires, done without moral attribution. Only the ghostly figure of my father, hovering in the background seemed to be curbing the worst excesses.
The line had disappeared and I felt disturbed and anxious. I sought refuge in the memory of my father who was always a major figure in my life. His early death had cemented his stature, as a totemic figurehead to be aspired and looked up to. At times like this, it was always possible to regain calm, by setting his image before me. I identified my childhood with him, much more so than with my mother. He had been the role model on which I had set my emerging identity. In a way I became him, just as he faded from my life.
I thought of him now and where he was. If I could meet him, would I want to? Would he be disappointed in what I had done with my life? The more I thought of it, the more I felt that I wouldn't want to meet him in an afterlife. We had both moved on, and there was no current relationship on which to build. Where could I start to explain my life, and how could I put up with his probable disapproval?
Approval, disapproval are human traits. They do exist, in reality. Curious, how easy it is to use such a big word as reality. Reality encompasses everything, even the word. "First there was the word." I always felt that that had some special significance.
"The word, the word - the king of all birds."
The silly miss-rhyme rang out in my head. What are words? I call a tree a tree, not because I recognise that particular tree because of its beautiful pink blossoms, but because I recognise the category called "tree" - one with certain attributes: size, rootedness, shape, life - the list goes on.
When presented with an image, I can only identify it with a word if it can fall into an already identified category or set. If there is no set, there is no word to fit to the image, and in a sense, it doesn't yet exist, for if I try to talk to a friend about it, there is no common vocabulary to pinpoint it. We would have to resort to describing it in terms of the attributes of other sets or words. My friend might eventually remember that he too had seen something similar to my description, and we for convenience might decide on a word - let's say "zuon" - to recall it further in our conversation. The zuon has been brought into reality together with its set, comprising the agreed similarities, that my friend and I had established. The set is in effect a one to one mapping, from my experience to that of my friend - we'll call him Al, for convenience. So, Al and I examine further the set members: the colour, shape and so on of the zuon. We set out to apportion a degree of agreement on each attribute or element. For instance, I might maintain that the colour had a certain hue that differed, to some degree, from Al's impression. We agree to differ and in compromise apply a weighting factor to the colour, to signify our level of certainty or agreement. If we are more certain the weighting will be nearer one, and if less certain nearer zero. We can do this for all our set members, and in effect, we have established a mathematical relation between our two experiences, whose resolution is the word 'zuon', whose reality is defined by the set attributes and their respective weightings. The seasoned mathematician would replace these weightings by normalised probability distributions, and use multivariable functions for the similarity mappings, and the zuon takes on the more complex, mathematical existence experienced by a word or object with an infinite number of comparators and an infinite number of potential observers. Reality now takes on the expected complexity that natures presents us with. Unfortunately nature does not limit the number of comparisons, or degrees of freedom, that exist to define a set or an object. This limitation is what prevents us from ever fully boxing reality into a complete set. We can only guess at reality and, in some bookmaker fashion, agree on the odds that our individual sets tally. That is what language is: an agreed list of sets on which the formal odds are fixed at any one time, but which can change as the number of observers, or indeed the discovery of new degrees of freedom changes. True we have many different languages - each of differing grammar or syntax, but each can be mapped to each other by dictionaries. For mathematicians, this is like having differing local co-ordinate patches on a space-time manifold, where the dictionaries must be used to move from one patch to another - in effect these are mathematical functions linking the co-ordinates across the boundaries. Just as there is no universal language, there is no universal co-ordinate system - or preferred system, as the physicists say. There is no absolute space or time.
Underlying each language are the agreed sets and their uncertain similarities. It is only when we all - and I mean past, present and future - are subject to a common experience that a real objective reality will exist. Then we can dispense with the uncertainties. We will be seeing in a transcendent, godly way but not quite as God, because the infinities of the set members will forever be a denied  limitation to us. Maybe God is the universal observer who can see around the corner of infinity.
Did I say God? Me an avowed atheist! I do not believe in a god, in any format whatever, not even a mathematical, resplendent, remote, transcendent being. Yet how easily I use the word god to cover those areas that I deem unattainable to the human mind. I am thinking as a human. Like a human I consider our existence to be uniquely triumphant in the cosmos. We have fashioned our supreme gods in our own likeness - in their thoughts and form. We have carved onto them, our own cultural bias, in giving the deity the patriarchal physiognomy of an aged bearded man. These images have been drip fed to me, from the moment I opened my eyes as a baby. They have conditioned my outlook so that, even now, as an adult who has renounced all that myth, and who tries to keep transcendental escapism at bay, even now, I succumb to the easy succour of an omniscient superhuman, to stand over the grey areas of my understanding.
But what of the yearning in my soul, for connectivity to the beauty of nature, the enormity of the cosmos, the elegance of universal laws? Is this not a form of religion? How different am I from the ancient monks who sat on this cliff face, a thousand years ago, and meditated on the mystery of the beauty of what they saw around them? I sit here in a semi yoga posture, and contemplate on the world, and my place within it. If I were to write down some words, and they were meaningful and appealed to others, then I would have the beginnings of a religion. What would my bible say?
First there was the word. It was the awakening of man and woman. When man said 'fire' the woman knew what he meant. Once that first word had been created, then an avalanche of words followed, but there was no order. To create order, man struck woman if there was no fire, when he said the word fire. Order led to peace when order was followed. Words between men led to fights, and the stronger won, and so more order was established. The strong became leaders and words between leaders were decided by wars. But wars were not only determined on the basis of strength, but also of intelligence. Soon order was based on intellectual strength. The wisest leaders had the use of the greatest amount of words. The words became too many for one person. Words became divided and more order was established. The divisions became areas of scholasticism, subservient to the leader. Words began to outlive their creators. The storage of words was the new order. Leaders recognised the value of accumulated words, and built libraries. Only the elite tended the libraries, and passed on their secrets to a selected few. For the rabble a few words was sufficient. In fact the less they knew of words the better, to use them for work, or war, or whatever the leader desired. To help satisfy their natural craving for words, the leaders created elegant stories, made up of few simple words. These simple words were the answers to all their questions.  Questions were tiresome, and of no use in production, or in war. A clever leader reduced the number of simple words down, so the task of teaching them became simple. Soon they were whittled down so much, that eventually a single word could be used as the answer to most of the complicated questions that the rabble posed. Full order was established. The word became god.

I let my breath exhale slowly. I had been holding it all the while, as my 'mini-bible' developed in my thoughts. I knew that as soon as I let go, the spell would break and that that would be the end of the revelation. I wanted to scramble back into the tent at once to get a pencil and paper and write down my thoughts. I looked around with the weird expectation that some disciples would appear.
There was the sudden squawk of a gull as if disturbed, then the sound of voices raised to alert me to their presence. Two familiar figures were approaching and it was obvious that they recognised me too.
They approached with apologetic smiles. Maria's cheeks now had a healthy, red colour. She had fully recovered from her terrible seasickness. She was first to offer her hand, and as I shook it gently, I felt the soft texture of her unwork-hardened skin. Jan, more diffidently, raised his hand in greeting. I motioned to them to make themselves comfortable and excused myself as I rummaged inside the tent for a pen and notebook.
'Are you a good writer?' I asked a surprised Maria and, as she nodded warily, I commanded her to write my words.
'First there was the word,' I began and, as if in a trance, I repeated my bible opening to her, slowly, giving her the chance to note each word and trace it onto the paper. When I finished she kept her hand poised over the notebook as if wanting more.
'That's enough for today. Maria, isn't it? You are a chosen one - my first scribe.' Jan was looking extremely uncomfortable.
'Don't worry Jan, you too can be my scribe if you want.' I laughed taking the notebook back from Maria.
'It's only a bit of fun - but I did need to jot down those thoughts before I lost them. Thanks, Maria.'
Maria's eyes were beaming. She had listened to the words and was moved. I could see she looked up to this middle aged man, sitting in a half lotus posture, before her. I motioned to her to come crouch beside me and look out onto the sea. Her partner moodily followed her as she squatted next to me on my left.
'Don't say a word for a while. Just look at the sea and meditate.' My words had power to calm her and she sat there quietly staring out to the horizon. Jan too settled down and followed her example.
Three figures, on a cliff top, facing towards the sea. The evening sun was beginning to lower in the sky. The blue of the sky merged with the sea, to form a continuous blanket over us. The gulls, floating on the air, were images from a perfect reality, where all forms had ultimate beauty. The sculpted, rugged face of the cliff was a time wall, telling us of the past - each folded seam an aeon of life on the planet. I drifted off into a trance again.
The sun was setting in an orange ball when I opened my eyes. I was alone. Had they been there at all? My eyes fell on the neat script on the note book. I picked it up. Maria had faithfully transcribed the words, in an elegant hand. At the base of the page she had left a short message. 'I'll come back.' I knew she would.
I reread the opening lines of the 'bible' and felt it was good. There was more to come from the interior of my being. Revelation could not be constrained.
The word was the agreed reality. There were no linkages. Each existed without connectivity - a precious alignment of perceptions. The leaders and the rabble were content with this passivity, and voiced their desires in staccato monosyllables. It was the intellectual elite that construed to join the word by actions. 'The tree grows apples.' The static tree and apple are now conjoined by the dynamic linkage, that places them firmly in a changing reality. Reality was never to be the same. It was now a fleeting movement. A process of becoming. It could never lie still. The eye could never, now, fully capture it. The word was forever to be divided into the static non-reality and the continuous becoming.
I wrote the words almost automatically. My hand was producing a neat script, almost identical to that already on the page. I never realised that such a skill resided within me. Something was happening over which I had no control, but I didn't feel threatened. Instead I had a weird sense of peace and enlightenment. I was being exposed to a strange revelation. I had a strong desire to get Maria to come back. I wanted her to see my beautiful script, that was so like hers. Our common script must in some way unite us. There was a common purpose. I wanted her to be the first to read the words. I knew that she could explain them to me, for the meaning was becoming more vague. I read the words aloud over and over, but the full meaning eluded my understanding.
The sun had at last disappeared, and the darkness had enveloped the cliff. I was exhausted and crawled back into my tent. I nestled down on the ground-mat and, within seconds, fell into a deep tranquil sleep.

It is lovely to wake with the dawn. It's what our ancient forebears did. The pale light was always a welcome sight, after the long dark night. Light for the ancients was precious as they had no artificial light. We don't realise the extent to which false light has taken over our lives. It is anti-natural. Our real cycles should follow the course of the sun across the sky. But then so much of what we do is not for the better.
I stretched out my arms and let the thin morning air flow over me. A gull swooped down close to me and then, in a gracious curve, lofted back into the air currents, over the cliff face. The sea below heaved slowly with decadent laziness, the white whirls of spray frothing at the rocky base. Far out to sea I heard the lonely call of the terns, as they nose-dived into the water in excited frenzy. I gave solemn thanks for being part of all this wild beauty, and then suddenly realised that I was ravenously hungry.
The tins and jars of food were still there, neatly aligned on the grass, as I had left them. I fumbled with a plastic bag and took out some bread and fruit. I broke the bread and the crusty smell made my mouth water. But I did not rush. First there was the pot of jam - strawberry- to be opened. I used my pocket knife to prise off the top. Using the same knife, I liberally spread a thick chunk of bread with the blood red sweetness. I slowly raised it to my mouth, and the scent of ripened strawberries filled my senses. I was drawn back in time to my childhood - playing in the glasshouse, amongst the ripening tomato plants. In the corner, was the strawberry patch that acted like a magnet. But, like to all good things, adults set obstacles to our attaining them. We were under strict instructions not to go near the strawberries. Naturally had we free rein, they would not have lasted beyond the day, so in retrospect I fully understand the control measures. But they succeeded only in making them more desirable, and I often gave in to my temptations. The eventual retribution was always worth it, as the taste of the fresh sweetness lingered long after the angry words.
So, now as I let the dripping bread enter my mouth, I was transported back to that corner of the glasshouse. I had again that special sense of guilt, at illicit indulgence. I felt the heat of the childhood sunshine, flow in through the glass. I basked in the luxuriance of the feast, knowing all the while, that time before chastisement was running out. I chewed slowly, wanting the sensation to remain, but the sticky sweetness of the jam was not the fresh tartness of the almost wild strawberry fruit. I came back from my reverie, slightly disappointed to be back on the cliff. Sometimes the past, particularly childhood, is like a warm cocoon - a lair made up of branches and feathers and lined with softest down. I can lie there, hugging myself, for an eternity. But the nest is always in the past, never in the present - always denied to me.

I had filled up with good food and water, and was replete. The sea far below was now a glassy calm and looked very inviting. I tidied up and set off down the slope, towards a cove I could make out in the distance. My gait was relaxed and I whistled a ditty I had made up. My mind was empty and at ease. There was no need to analyse anymore. Time enough for that. There should be time for everything in this life. Time for nothing, is important too. Time to aimlessly saunter along and sing a song, or whistle an airless tune. Time to look at the scenery and not see it, but just take it in. To feel the heat of the sun, but not be warmed or cooled. To move down the mountainside and yet stay in one place. Time just to be. That is how I felt with my full belly, happy disposition and aimless existence.
The dive into the cold water was part of that aimless existence. It mattered not that the water caused a shock to race over my skin and send pain to my mind. The parting of the water, giving way to my outstretched hands, was the natural order of things, as was the pain. Flowing through the water, I was part of the whole. I was integrated and alive, yet alone and dead to the world. I was in a limbo of thought where the time had no relevance - sensation was king and overruled all other dimensions of life. It was wonderful for those few seconds to be part of an eternity.
I surfaced and saw a figure sitting on a rock just above me. I rubbed my eyes with my knuckles and recognised her.
'Where is Jan?' I asked.
'Oh, he has gone on an early morning trek, to the other side of the island. I didn't want to go but I insisted that he should go anyway.'
Maria was taking off her clothes as she spoke. It was being done in that matter of fact way that continentals feel about their bodies. Just before she dived in, I caught sight of her nakedness. My eyes flitted from the black triangle to her blond hair and I felt like laughing. I had an uncontrollable urge to chide her.
'So, you are not a real blond - I suspected all along - you are far too clever.'
The words came out as she dived forward, her lithe body like an arrow through the morning sunlight. She broke the water with artful smoothness, leaving only a small vortex as her white feet disappeared under. She was gone for what seemed like minutes. The vortex faded and there was now no evidence of her dive. Perhaps she had disappeared into the world of mermaids -escaped through a watery worm hole into another universe. I had already begun to miss her. I yearned for her. I realised that I needed this young, foreign girl. I was about to dive under to find her, when I felt her body brush mine, and then, like a miracle, her face was next to mine. She was gasping for breath and the water streaming down her face, was like tears of happiness.
Heaven has to be somewhere near orgasm. That nature has instilled in us such a powerful force as sexual desire, means that it must be central to what a human being is. The sheer ecstasy of the moment of fulfilment, is greater than any drug induced euphoria. Its power has driven men to kill. It alone controls the human race. Great authorities have tried to control it but always without success. Now I understood why - the intense sense of relief and joy is intensely private, but yet universal. There is no word in the language of humanity for it. It is one of those inner words that can never be spoken. Writers through the ages have tried to bring out the feeling but have always failed in their efforts, merely describing the mechanics of the act. But like great works of art or music, it cannot be deconstructed into parts and reassembled into the original whole.
I could describe her hands on my body - my hands on hers - the splashing of water - our sighs- our cries of delight - but to no avail. The scene painted is a mere shadow of how it felt. How utterly complete we were, for the briefest of moments. How utterly unique and rich we were. How amazingly enervated and sensitive we were. The superlatives could rain down all day, and come nowhere near our ecstasy. Ultimately it has to be private.
As we dressed on the rock afterwards I felt a little awkward, but Maria was behaving as if what we had just done and experienced was the most ordinary thing in the world. In a way I was glad she was making light of it. I didn't want complications, yet I wanted her near me.
'Shall we keep this little interlude a secret from Jan?' I asked trying to gauge her exact relationship with the young man.
'If you like,' Maria replied, as she closed the buckle of her belt around her thin waist. The nonchalance of the reply disturbed me. It was not what I expected, yet I decided not to probe further. Let things be as they are, or will be.
Her slight figure disappeared into the distance. I had watched her graceful movements, as she negotiated her way amongst the outcropping rocks. She was like a gazelle on a plain, so deftly she made her way along the rugged contours of the coastline. Then she was gone and I wondered had I been dreaming. The sweet sensation was still in my loins, but my mind was questioning the reality. Once past, there is no way to test the verity of experience. Maybe it had happened in a parallel world, but then I should have no memories of it. The memories are the tenuous link with the past, but an unreliable link as they can be moulded any which way the mind likes. Had I yearned for such an encounter, could my mind have decided to satisfy my yearning by creating a memory? There has to be physical evidence as well. I vainly searched around, for some vestige of Maria's presence but could find no trace. Then I smiled to myself. Why of course there was evidence - not physical evidence, but that which underpins our greatest certainty that there is a reality out there - independent of our solipsistic vagaries. I had knowledge of her. I knew her name. I could search for her and ask her discrete questions to verify our common experience. There could, now, be no doubt.
As I sat there staring at the sea, I wondered if those philosophers, who doubted objective existence, ever doubted their experience of personal erotic pleasures. I saw them as cold rational beings, locked in a barren logical stranglehold whose strong sinews prevented them from looking around at the world with the certainty that its beauty exists. I looked at the sea and I knew it existed. I had felt the cold spikes of pleasure on my skin as I had dived from the rock. I had felt the sharp pain on the undersoles of my feet as I pushed myself forward in my inelegant dive. As I briefly flew through the air, I felt the thrill of freefall, ending in the splash of water entry. All these were real. Not part of my imagination - cut off from everyone else. How could the solipsistic world view ever get any credibility in serious thought? Yet my searches, in the realm of modern physics, led directly into this barren area of denial of a real world.

Later that morning I was not surprised to find I had visitors. I greeted Maria as if I had not seen her earlier. She smiled complicitly.
'That's all right - Jan knows and he's cool about it.' The casual way she said these words was as surprising as the content. I tried not to look at Jan, but he stretched out a hand in greeting, and his face showed no enmity. I marvelled again at the continental, stoical attitude to sex. I gestured to them to sit and join me.
'I have been contemplating about reality,' I said, wanting to get onto neutral territory as quickly as possible.
'That's a lot of contemplation you've undertaken,' Maria laughed. 'Tell us about it.'
The look in her eyes were half mocking and I felt I had lost some credibility with her. Whereas before she had the air of a pupil before the master, now she was at least my equal. Her physical attraction had wiped out my intellectual superiority. I no longer felt so self assured in espousing my thoughts to her.
'Well, where can I begin,' I started, my mind whirring around all the knowledge I had gleaned from all the books I had read and studied.
If the truth be told, I had never before tried to distil my ideas on reality into any condensed form. I had preferred to let them seep through the cultural barriers in my thinking. They were a fertiliser scattered at random in the fields of my mind. They led to random outpourings of wild growth, but never had I tried to take in the harvest. Harvesting is hard work and needs know-how. I was not sure that I could effect a collection of the fruits of my endeavours.
They say that first you must define what you want and then work hard to get it. I had taken an opposing view. I worked hard expressly without direction. I looked into as varied a spectrum of knowledge as possible. It was, in effect, a needle in a haystack method - based on the principle that, if there were enough people like me, then sometime a small pin might be found. The problem with my approach was that I was not even looking for a needle or a pin. I didn't know what I was searching for. I was a blind man searching for sight. The sight would allow me dig deeper than my physical eyes could reveal. Not a metaphysical revelation but a brief glimpse of a forbidden Eden. So, where to begin, was for me a critical take off point, as to date I had no preferred point of departure. I just had to dive in.
Lots of people would start by jumping back in time - say to 400 BC and the incredible energy of Greek thought in both science and philosophy. But I see that as going over old ground that, while of interest to the historian, is of no benefit to present considerations. True, one must understand and know about the past, but here one must leave it. Otherwise it becomes a distraction, that wastes time in proving its error. Perhaps error may seem too strong a word but, in the case of science, all theories to date have been in error. Progress has been in refining the error to smaller and smaller extents. One by one, the ancients have fallen by the wayside. 'So let's not go there,' I entreated my small select audience.
'Start at the end and don't look back, that's my way of approaching such large questions. So let's talk of the end of science and perhaps philosophy.' I knew the statement was confrontational, but I wanted total engagement, and I knew, from their eyes, that they felt I could not justify such broad and sweeping announcements.
'The end of science maybe, but the end of philosophy?' Jan was struggling to keep from sneering at the effrontery of my prognostication.
I realised that I had set myself an impossible task but had to continue. Hadn't people recently talked about the end of history? Wasn't history just our accumulated knowledge store? If there was a theory of everything then this store would be complete. Therefore the quest for a theory of everything, and its attainment, signals the end not only of history and science but also of philosophy. Philosophy seeks knowledge and understanding of the world and our place in it. This will eventually be seen as a subset of a theory of everything.
But first I had to explain what I meant by a theory of everything. How could there be such a wide and all encompassing theory? It had to cover the microscopic world, down to the Planck length of ten to the power of minus thirty five metres! This is so tiny that the mind can't even envisage it. Does such a small length exist, the sceptic might ask. The eye struggles to see a hair's breadth and this is billions and trillions of time smaller. Until relatively recently, this hair's breadth was the limit of our reality, but then the microscope and later the electron microscope allowed us see deeper in the microworld. We have deconstructed this microworld from the initial Bohr view of the atom, as a mini-planetary system of finite particles, to the current view, of a hazy coexistence of particles and waves - not only at the level of the electron but also in the nucleus, where the former distinct protons and neutrons are replaced by mysterious, hued quarks, exhibiting an equally strange waviness.
The world at this level is a weird and wonderful place. Mass and energy are interchangeable, depending on what is measured. If you look for a particle, the world knows you want to see a particle and, hey presto, a particle is what you get. Yet if you look for a wave, guess what pops up - a wave. Quantum theory tries to decipher this world for us. It defines the laws that govern this hazy world. But what does this world actually look like - can we imagine being in it - at its level. The first thing we would notice is that is effectively empty. If we sit on an electron - if we are looking for an electron - then it appears that the nucleus is a distant tiny ball in the sky. I we sit on a wave - if it is a wave we are seeking- then we have a roller coaster ride through space, being buffeted here and there by the electromagnetic force field. Nothing is certain in this world. Our position is never defined, but is an infinite superposition of all places where we can exist - the wave function. This is in effect a very extreme view of reality, as it postulates that we exist in all positions simultaneously, but perhaps in different worlds. In each such world we have our past, present and future, evolving according to explicit laws. What are the laws, you may ask. Evolution is governed by the Schr?dinger equation, which at the micro level relates the time evolution of the wave function to the total energy from both movement and interaction from any force fields.
So at this level, reality is an oscillating flux of energy, whose concentration climaxes can be thought of, as instantaneous positions of matter, but which then spread out to take on the wave form that is its complementary form. It is holistic in the sense that while being spread out through space - once we look for it and find its position in a local sense -the entire wave collapses into this locality.
So reality is energy. The outlines of reality are how this energy oscillates and evolves. Left to itself it follows the Schr?dinger law and spreads out endlessly throughout the void. If we try to pin it down, it gathers in all its spread, and localises instantly for us to take on a value - becoming an electron or photon or whatever. The collapse doesn't create the particle - it was always intrinsically there, perhaps from an initial Big Bang event. But where is there? The particle is continuously in frantic motion, travelling at speeds near that of light. So sitting on it is like Einstein's famous daydream of being transported on a light beam. Because nothing in this universe travels faster than light, nothing can overtake you and time as a result loses meaning. It virtually stands still. So the closer we get to reality the smaller we get, the faster we travel and time begins to stop. What a strange reality!

I could see from the glazed look on Maria's eyes that she was struggling to keep up with my words. She had not the level of understanding that made, what I was outlining, so transparent to my own reasoning. Jan too had given up and was looking edgy - wanting to leave. My words had come in a torrent of externalisation of thoughts that had developed over several years. This was their first synthesis and I knew that these two young people could not be expected to follow their train. I had followed my own train, and the uttering of the sentences had been a purgative experience, of more benefit to myself than to increasing the understanding of others. I needed to set out the many difficult thoughts and ideas that plagued my understanding of the new reality. I wanted to explore these ideas to the extreme. I knew that from them, some new thoughts on existence must emanate at some juncture. Nowhere had I read of significant findings as yet. The learned books were either too mathematically focused, or too steeped in a philosophical mode that struggled to understand the quantum world.
The quantum theory sapped your energy. It sucked you in and took away all your real-world rationale. It appeared that you were a quantum theorist or a philosopher, but could not be both. The metaphysical and quantum worlds were mutually exclusive.
But I still hadn't outlined what I meant by a theory of everything. I had briefly introduced the micro world and now I had to look upwards into the cosmos.
'If the Big Bang theory is correct, then all this,' I gestured towards the blue sky with a wide sweep of my hands, 'has emanated from a small area of space-time, where the laws of science as we know them break down. The mathematicians call this odd area, a singularity.' 
I knew I was stretching their patience by continuing my story but I had to persist.
The huge size of the universe as is currently revealed to us could not be further away from the microworld of quantum theory. There, we were dealing with tiny distances, of about ten to the power of minus fourteen or less metres - whereas the known edge of our universe goes out to  some ten to the power of plus twenty six metres and increasing. The difference in scale cannot be really comprehended by the human mind. To get a brief glimpse of this magnitude, one could think that it takes light three million years travelling at 300,000 kilometres per second to reach us from our nearest companion galaxy - Andromeda. There are billions of galaxies further out in the cosmos, at even more incredible distances!
That great expanse again is virtually empty. The stars seem like a multitude on a clear frosty night, but in reality, they are lonely dots of light in an otherwise cold void of almost infinite space. The laws that govern the energy in this space were, classically, thought to be fully determined according to express Newtonian equations. Einstein overturned this what, for several hundred years, seemed a perfectly adequate model, that had even been sufficient to guide man to the first moon landing. In his Theory of Special Relativity, he saw that the speed of light was fundamental, in that nothing could travel faster than it. That meant that in the vastness of the cosmos, it was light that first communicated between the particles of matter. It defined what time was in our universe, and once time was defined it led back to a potential beginning. The seeds of Big Bang were sown.
But another feature of our universe was special also - that was gravitation. It, too, seemed to act almost instantaneously. It was the genius of Einstein to see that gravity was embedded in space-time, as a space curvature caused, locally, by massive objects. Our view of reality is now even stranger at this cosmic level, but the hint of unification with the quantum world came with the development of the theory of the Big Bang, because near the singularity at the postulated beginning of our universe, it is quantum theory that takes over, in defining the very origin of our world. Once again we are taking a ride on a quantum particle or wave, whichever suits, but the total energy in our microworld has the same amount as exists in our now huge universe. That means it is extremely hot and that everything is moving at the speed of light. Time has lost its meaning near this searing singularity. This is the scientist's Garden of Eden.
But reality may have even deeper layers, because theory postulates that there may be an infinity of such worlds, each bursting like bubbles from the foam of an even greater reality. We can never know of these worlds, but need them to explain the extreme rarity of our own world where everything is delicately poised, to lead to where we are now - a sentient life on a hospitable planet, orbiting a stable mid-sized sun, on the outer region of one of the trillions of galaxies - one we had so humanly called the Milky Way.
'Behold,' I again gestured with my hands towards the sky.
Maria clapped and laughed.
'Well done,' she beamed in admiration. 'I thought you'd never be able to link in all our existence. I am very impressed.' 
Even Jan seemed to be impressed or perhaps he was just glad that the monologue was over. He too let his hands fall into a slow clap and forced a smile.
'Very clever indeed,' he said. 'Quite a comprehensive picture. I struggled to follow at times but I get the overall sense. Yet I'm not sure if it has added to my understanding of reality.'
'That is the crux,' I agreed. 'It will take a lot of thought to develop new metaphysics from all that, but that is my goal.'
 'Wouldn't it be great to devote ourselves to finding that new enlightenment?' Maria was excited at the prospect. 'I would love to come here everyday and discuss all these things, over and over.'
'You are both welcome at any time,' I was delighted  to offer the invitation, but I scrutinised Jan's face to detect any discomfiture. I was again amazed to see no animosity in his expression. Maybe their relationship had been purely platonic. I thought of the Greek soldiers training in their unisex arenas, and how the brave males observed their Platonic ideals in abstaining from carnal desire for the naked female soldiers. I was certainly no Greek soldier but maybe Jan was.

As I waved goodbye to them, I had a brief pang of loneliness - a shiver and a feeling of unease deep within me. I was once again my own self for company and the thought didn't appeal on this sunny mid-afternoon. I decided to do something - seek out more human company. I had had enough of inward contemplation that morning. I quickly closed up the tent and almost ran down the rocky path from the cliff until I hit the road. Breathless I stopped and looked up and down not knowing which direction I should choose. A mental flip of a coin had me heading towards the village.
It was great to see the signs of normal life. I had not realised it was a Sunday. People were still in the village, long after mass was over. Some were chatting on the pier, waiting for the arrival of the afternoon ferry. The men of the village were sitting over pints of Guinness, in the open air, in front of the only pub. They had the look of time being of no value to them - their weather beaten faces showing wrinkles from staring into a weak westerly sun, and long nights of intoxicated laughter after the labours of unloading the fishing boats.
I sat outside at a table with two fishermen opposite me. They seemed not to mind my intrusion and I was a little surprised to find that they knew of my existence. I raised my glass of Guinness and said 'Slainte' and they laughed at my gaucheness.
'Sure we have no Irish here,' the smaller one with the greasy tweed cap grinned. He introduced himself as Paudy and his friend as Matty. They were brothers who lived together in the old family cottage, at the far side of the island. The island had long been their home and it seemed that, other than seldom trips to the mainland, they had not seen much of the world. I marvelled at how content they were in their ignorance of the great world out there. They had not seen the Taj Mahal or St. Peter's or the Eiffel Tower. These great sights of the world may as well not have existed. The island was their world and it fulfilled all their needs. More, it had defined their needs, and in being so parsimonious, had determined that they should never be envious of the outside world.
'I can remember a time when to see a stranger was a rare sight,' Paudy said, taking a long slug of his pint, as if to bolster the impact of meeting a stranger. 'There was one man that came on the first day of the heavy snow, in December, back in the late sixties. He had the island talking about him for days. Mrs. MacCarthy in the shop couldn't stop wagging about him.' He went on with the story; about the way the  man's  fur coat came down to his boots, the way the black of the fur made him look like a bear in the snow. How curious that the first time snow had hit the island in years coincided with the arrival of the strange man. How the snow had gotten worse and the island was cut off for weeks. All the while the man who was best kitted for cold weather, walked the length and breadth of the island. How he spoke few words. How when he spoke, his American accent was rough and throaty. How when riled, he had the anger of a wild bear. Soon he became known as the 'Bear'. The Bear was very strong. One day he was spotted lifting a big stone that had lain in the middle of Coffey's Field since as long as anyone could remember, and with what seemed like minimal effort, he carried it up to the cliff top and threw it over, into the swirling sea. The stone is still there for anyone to see. When the snow finally thawed, the Bear paid Mrs. MacCarthy all he owed her and took the next ferry back to the mainland. He was never seen again.
Paudy told this story without looking at me. I had no idea why he was telling me. It was certainly a remarkable fact that a fur clad man with an American accent should visit during the snow, but had it any significance? Has anything in Paudy's life much significance I wondered. Perhaps he trundles along in life from inanity to inanity, without a thought. Is that the secret of happiness. Yet I was sure that the Bear was an unhappy man. He had come to their world and changed it imperceptibly - enough for Paudy to be telling his story forty years on. What had been his impact - throwing the big stone over the cliff? His coincidence with the blizzard? What makes a strange story? It has to be some remarkable coincidence. Ill fortune alone is not enough. There also has to be mystery. These elements were present but not of such import that the story should survive and be retold so many years hence.
Paudy finished off the dregs of his glass and, without having to put in an order, another perfect pint of stout appeared before him.
'That's what I call service,' I remarked in awe. Paudy had a twinkle in his eye as he replied.
'I've been training 'em for years, haven't I Matty?'
Matty took a sup of his own pint and nodded. Matty was a man of few words and was a suitable companion for Paudy, who obviously liked the sound of his own voice. Paudy was not one to sit over his pint in silent contemplation. 
His natural curiosity got the better of him, as he couldn't help asking where I was from, and what had brought me to the island. I answered, evasively, that I wasn't quite sure and then feeling that I was being unfriendly in being non-committal, I elaborated.
'I guess I came searching for something, but I've yet to find what that something is. Do you know what I mean?'
Matty stared at me - a hint of suspicious retreat coming into his eyes. Perhaps he thought I might be a spy from the social services. I quickly deflected such fears.
'It's purely a personal search. Nothing to do with academic research or any government services. I'm looking for something I've not had in my life to date. There has always been a void or gap that nagged at me as I led a normal life on the mainland.' I liked the way I had instinctively used the word 'mainland', as if I were now part of the island community - a major conceit on my part, but understandable in that in coming here, I wanted to belong, and yet be apart. These islanders had that feature in their lives. They, in a sense lived according to their own ways. They resented the authority of the mainland except ironically where it financially supported them, through the dole or grants. Yet even here, they despised them and in their narrow way, looked down on them. The look on Paudy's face had registered my use of the word 'mainland' and his words now had a faintly, unfriendly note.
'You won't find what you're lookin' for here. This is not an easy place for outsiders. Isn't that right Matty? Sur' we're only here forty odd year and Mrs. MacCarthy still thinks we're blow-ins.' He laughed at his own levity and Matty grinned complicitly. They both took another long sup of their pints.
I was intrigued to learn that they were not islanders, born and bred. I wanted to ask how they had come to the island but didn't want to pry. I ordered another drink and put one in the pipes for my companions. They were delighted at this gesture and they motioned to me to pull closer. I leant forward and as Paudy spoke I could smell the porter on his breath. His voice lowered in a conspiratorial tone.
'Listen my friend. I don't want to scare you but this island is a quare place. It does something to you. When we came here first, on a fishing boat, we wanted to escape after the first rain-sodden few days. But the seas were too high and we were marooned, and there was nothing to do but drink our measly wages, until we were too drunk to care. Soon we had built up a considerable tab and when the rains finally cleared there was no way we could just bugger off. They'd come after us. So we stayed and worked on the local boats, barely earning enough to put bread on the table, let alone clear our debts. And sur' we had to have a sup in the evening. Time passed and the thought of escape just left us. Didn't it Matty?' Matty nodded. 
I wondered did Matty have a voice at all. He seemed to exist as a foil for Paudy. When he eventually did open his mouth what came out surprised me.
'Tell him about that oul bitch, Paudy,' his voice had the venom of the small place, the island cut off from the world.
'Ah now Matty, none of that. That's well in the past.' Paudy did not want to bring up what seemed to be an uncomfortable subject. His eyes were darker now. They had lost the brightness of his earlier banter.
'Maybe Matty is right - you should know. You'll probably hear about it anyway. Tongues wag in this godforsaken place.' He finished his pint and on queue my complementary drink arrived. He raised his glass to me and toasted.
'To me new friend, and to the bloody bitch, Molly.' He took an extra long slug, half emptying the glass. He burped and started to talk.
'We were on the island for several years by that time and the locals were slowly coming to accept us. We worked hard and drank hard. We were good for the local economy, weren't we Matty?' Matty did not smile. Paudy continued.
'When yer wan came to the island, byjapers, we were all goggle-eyed. She was a real looker and she knew it too. She played us round her little finger. I spent all me wages on her, buying her drink and such. And not a thing, did I get in return, despite what the locals all thought. We'd drink the night away, and play cards, or sing. The fun was very simple and harmless. Those days were different. We had respect for women - didn't we Matty? We became inseparable - the three of us. All the talk of the island was of Paudy, Molly and Matty. Bad cess to them - they had little to be talking about. Sure didn't we all go to mass together. Father O' took us aside and tried to break us up. I told him where to go and he didn't like it. He talked bad about us from the pulpit. People began to snigger behind our backs. But we didn't care, did we Matty? We were not islanders like them - none of the three of us. We were different. Ya! Very different.'
His eyes glazed over in a mist, as if tears were trying to get out. There was vulnerability in the way his shoulders had taken on a hunched stance. He finished his pint and I ordered another, even though I was beginning to feel uncomfortable with the personal nature of his revelations. But curiosity is a very strong force - once whetted it must be satisfied. Paudy took a first sup of the new pint.
'The island doesn't tolerate difference too well. At first it is something to gossip about and then it becomes a threat, dangerous. Lord there was no threat coming from us. We had managed to scrape together the money for a small, ramshackle cottage on the far side of the island. No electricity or running water. But it was home, and we worked hard on the boats, while Molly did her best to make it comfortable for us when we returned. The priest nearly burst a gut at this arrangement, and we had to fend off his visits with words that were not suitable to be used in front of a man of the cloth. But Molly was defenceless when we were at sea. The bugger annoyed her no end. He told here she was a harlot and a Mary Magdalen. He told her she would burn in hell fires, for all eternity. Is it any wonder that she was a wreck, when we'd get back. But what could we do? You can't go up and beat up a priest, can you Matty?'
 Matty's hand had stiffened over the pint glass and the knuckles went white as if he were throttling it. His lips quivered and he wanted to mouth venom but Paudy did not let him reply.
'Jasus, were we surprised when she told us, the lying bitch.' Paudy's hand on the glass clenched and I feared it would snap, such was the sudden ferocity in his eyes.
'And we who had never once touched her! Never laid a hand on her and she saying she was with child!'
Paudy was too overcome by emotion to continue. He stared down at his pint and a terrible sadness came over him. I could see that underneath was a gentle, simple man. I could understand how these two bachelors might not even think of touching a beautiful woman, content only with her presence - a presence they ordinarily might not be privileged with. I felt their pain from my own life and wanted to console them.
 'What a change!' Paudy resumed his story. 'What a fucking change! One day happy as two larries, and the next a living hell. It took its toll, it did. I took to the drink really bad. The health was bad and the money ran out. At times it seemed we were living on fresh air. The hardship was great, but it was nothing compared to the silence. She never spoke to us again, after them words between us. She said she had never been so disappointed and let down. But still she didn't move out, or we didn't make her. There was just that cold silence and the hunger. Things got to a very sad pass - no money, nothing in the house. But the mackerel were in, and there's no man will starve when the mackerel come in. My chest was so bad and the cough so rough that I stayed in bed, but Matty said he'd go alone. Didn't you Matty? When she heard that she put on her shawl and went off down to the beach where we had the use of an old currach. I saw her leave by the front door. She didn't turn to say good-bye. She just wrapped the shawl around her growing belly and left.' 
Paudy, now, had tears in his eyes and Matty's venom had softened in the desolation of loss.
'We never saw her again. The sea took her. She went and joined the mackerel.' Paudy closed his eyes, as if the blackness would shut out the pain. 
'But she had done it with the priest, the bloody, bloody bitch.' 
His head shook in denial and Matty looked away, aware suddenly that there was a stranger listening to their tragic tale.
There were no words I could fashion to alleviate their shared grief. I was not able to absorb the tragedy of these simple men whom fate seemed to reward , and then so remorselessly throw back into life's cess-pit. I saw life as a meaningless flow of events through which we felt we were swimming with some direction, but all the while being at the whim of a too powerful current. Our fears, joys, hopes are mere bubbles in the flow. I finished my drink and self-consciously made an exit.
I was escaping their world much as Molly must have felt that she had to escape. For me escape is rising from the table and walking away. For Molly it must have so frightful.

I made my way back to my hermitage on the cliff top. I wanted to be alone. The exposure to other peoples troubles weighed too heavily on me. I had enough of my own. They were coming back to haunt me. I felt the blood drain from my face, as the memory forced its way from the vast store of my life's databank of thoughts, feeling, emotion and pain. It came like a raging bull through the narrow streets of my mind. It knocked over all obstacles that I frantically put in its path. It was going to out no matter what I tried.
I reached the camp as the gloom descended. I had just time to scramble for some pills and swallowed them down a dry throat. Then I forced myself into a sitting posture and faced the sea. I waited.
When you are descending a mountain, there is a calmness at having reached your goal, you are on the way back to the world. But this descent was opposite in all respects - the goal had never and would never be reached, and you are leaving this world in terror. It is such a personal experience that I find it hard to put words onto it. By describing it, I underplay the fiercesome trauma of the dark. The emotions are best described as cold and lonely. There is pain in the air, and it is everywhere pervasive - not just in my insides which are wrenched apart and aching most appallingly. But it is the meaningless of it all, that so frightens me. I am like a child on a lonely steppeland, knowing there is a wolf out there but not able to see or hear him. I am constantly afraid. The fear is consuming and makes all other sensation immaterial. I no longer have hunger. My libido shrivels up. There is no pleasure in sight or sound. I cannot bear to touch. All smells are noxious. There is nowhere to escape. I want to shut it all out. I fear that even the end, is not the end.
But there is no rationality in my darkness. The only thing I know is that I have to be patient and let it have its awful way. I sit there in pain. I rock to and fro, quietly moaning from the depths of my despair. The sun goes down unnoticed and the cold of nightfall descends. Deep in my mind, I know that only one thing can free me from the terror, and that is time. It is that, that prevents me from just walking over the cliff - that and the belief that even such an extreme may not give me the release I yearned for.
On those black days, I visit a different universe. It is totally solipsistic and evil. It is the negative pole of life from which all the bad things emanate. All life force is negative here. It sucks and drains rather than nourishes and grows. It throws up the most grotesque images and feelings. It makes the mind swoon in mental turmoil. It destroys otherness and makes you think only of your own sorry predicament. It mocks you and bullies you, so that your stomach sickens and your head pounds with a searing ache. It taunts you with your wasted and useless life. It makes you so little, that you feel you are almost a nothingness, compressed infinitely into a multidimensional point of pain - a black hole from which there is no escape and to which all your life forces are sucked in.
I cannot describe the black hole to you, in it's awesome terror. No information can escape - the terror is locked in. All I have described, so far, is the outer reaches where my mind strays over the horizon of no return. The pain is the awesome tidal force, stretching living experience, as I am drawn inexorably towards the centre - the singular hellhole of nothingness.
Once inside, the world of pain is real to me but the rest of the world does not exist. We are two worlds never to meet. Mine is the world of indescribable unhappiness, and the other is the normal world of galaxies, suns and the blue planet earth with its teeming inhabitants - no longer accessible to me. All I have is my personal hell - the timeless pain sending my mind into a wild madness.
The great mystery is that I always escape. After an infinity of blackness, a tiny light appears. This is all that the black hole reveals. The tiny shining speck gets bigger and bigger, and then it suddenly explodes into a bright flaming ball. The heat is the first sensation I feel. My bones get back their life in the nourishing warmth. I am sucked into the light and become part of the whole. I am thrust forward with it, as it expands in a brilliant flash. I can hear the great bang of the explosion, as I re-enter time. I know that I am breathing. I begin to feel good. The beauty of the light nourishes my spirit. I feel pangs of elation. As I pass over the light horizon, I see a bright future beckoning. I am pulled along by the great thrust of positive energy. I feel warm and grateful to exist. I feel the future is a place I want to go to. I open my eyes. It is the rising sun dazzling in the east.

The attack had been shorter than usual. Maybe they were on the wane, or maybe it was the pills. I must carry them with me at all times, I thought. The sooner I took them, as I felt an attack coming on, the better they seemed to work. As my eyes took in the spectacle of the rising sun and the wild beauty of the cliffs, I felt a huge sense of elation. It was great to be alive. The life force surged back into my body and I suddenly felt ravenously hungry. Food had never tasted so good. Plain bread, cheese and a mug of tea, easily outdid the best gourmet experiences I'd ever had. The life giving nourishment was palpable and the energy coursed through my body. I was back in the real world.
When the stomach is sated, the mind relaxes. When the mind relaxes, the muscles of the body go limp and it is easy to sleep or to let the mind meditate. 
I sat once more legs crossed on my mat overlooking the sea. I never tired of the wonders of this huge body of water that covered so much of our planet and gave it its colour. I watched the complexity of the waves as they rose and fell in a languorous crash onto the rocks below. The power unleashed had travelled who knows how far from the middle of the Atlantic, and now found release on the jagged rocks below me. Within this wild complexity, I wondered was there any purpose. Had the entire universe a teleology? That was the great question of life - of philosophy - had the world purpose? The word teleology is not used much used nowadays, perhaps because there are no definite answers - certainly outside the religious sphere. Its polar concept - eutaxiology, the idea that the universe has a cause, is equally rarely used outside of academic circles, but is equally important in terms of the great questions. Has the world got a cause?
The last few years were spent exploring and, like all the human race before me, I had reached no certainty, other than opinion or belief. This, in effect, was no better than the religious viewpoint that I so disdained. But that did not mean that I was about to give up. I believed that it is within the capabilities of mankind to decipher the mysteries of existence, and was convinced that the answers were more likely to come through scientific endeavours, rather than through metaphysics or theology. I was inclined to accept the current scientific offering of the so-called anthropic principle - that the universe must have those properties that allow life to develop within it at some stage because we, life, are here to witness it. This is more on the eutaxiological side of things. We are here, because we are here. A tautology. It doesn't do much for the metaphysical or religious posse. Some scientists go further and propose a stronger anthropic principle whereby they posit that life must emerge in our universe and will never die out. This stance has more teleological perspective, and is more amenable to those of religious leanings, in suggesting a purpose or design. I don't go so far in my own thinking because I see that, at the base level of life - the level of atom and molecule, there is no evidence of determinism. Rather the quantum theory, at best, gives a probabilistic view of the future, with no causal chain at all. True, that as you reach the macro level, the large numbers of particles involved leads to statistical laws, that seem to follow deterministic paths of cause and effect. But this is the illusion of our human limitations. If we could see and take in the world in all its teeming microscale, we would deny the concept of determinism.
But having said all that, I am aware that in nature there are, what seem to be, fortuitous constants that never change, through all eternity. Unlike life which is always subject to change through evolution, the basic fabric of the material world does not change, over the aeons of time. In fact, this is what in effect defines life - change. All life reproduces and changes in doing do. Why does it evolve - even though the basic building blocks, atoms and molecules, are time invariant and never change?
We, as humans, tend to see the development of the universe, before life was created, as an almost mechanical process. But once life enters the picture, we start to look for teleological explanations. The anthropocentric view sees the final end or goal of the universe as the creation of man. How conceited can that be? Man who has existed for such a short time, and who is fated to fade away from the universe, as the sun goes through its inevitable cycle, and kills off its life friendly planet in a ball of fire.
No, I think man has not such an exalted position. Life is rare and precious but its place in the overall scheme of the universe is not defined by this rarity. At most man can leave traces on his local solar system but, on the infinitely larger scale of the cosmos, he is invisible and whether he existed or not, has no effect or importance. Does this mean that life is pointless? Not at all. Life is still a wonderful, solipsistic voyage for each and every one of us lucky enough to be alive. We can still posit Kantian ethical goals as our ultimate final cause. We still fight for justice, equality, freedom from persecution, self determination and economic well-being. Those goals are more than enough to consume us, and give us reason.
It is curious that the goals that are relevant for the living world have no relevance for the material world. Maybe Kant was right in accepting that mechanical laws of cause and effect can be applied to the world of objects but, when it comes to the bio-world, cause and effect are no longer distinct. A more complex cause and effect relationship may be required - maybe involving teleology - a final cause. Once again the facile religious solution raises its head. But, we need to keep the more extreme forms of religion at bay. Perhaps the Chinese philosophical approach is more apt. The Chinese Tao and Confucianism lorded over two non-intersecting realms. Tao looked to the ordering of nature; whereas Confucianism looked to social order. Unlike the Kantian teleological view, Taoism is a spontaneous, ordering principle in nature. This is not that far removed from the modern quantum theory approach to reality at the macrolevel.
Where has all this theory got me so far? I admit that I am still very confused and searching. When I use the word searching to people, they immediately feel that I am searching for God. This is annoying as it is exactly what I am not searching for. I want a rational explanation of reality - not a metaphysical one, that can easily and unverifiably be posed by any crackpot - well-intentioned or otherwise. History has shown us that religions come and go, but we still persist as if they are fundamental to our understanding. True scientific theories come and go too, but they don't deny each other but welcome new and better hypotheses when they come along and are subsequently justified by experimental prediction.
I tire of religious arguments. The closed mind is never open to new ideas, no matter how well proven and rational. The emergence of Creationism in the US is a real sign of how closed minds can infect the generations to come. When you firmly believe a dogma, you must fight for its acceptance by all, and therein lies the problem with religion. If one could have a liberal religion, along the lines of scientific theory whereby improvement and development is expected and sought, then the problems of religion might disappear, leading humanity into a new and greater phase of existence. Religion can never and will never be banned, but it must change. Alas, change is a threat to dogma and will always be. The only recourse is to take a relativistic view of belief and push dogma in the bin of history, along with other outdated or failed societal experiments.
But the dogma is deeply seated within us. I can remember as a child, unquestioningly accepting that I had a personal guardian angel. How could I not, when the towering presence of a figure, dressed in black robes and a white fringed hood, stood over a trembling boy and made him repeat the belief, until it was so deeply engrained that soon the angel had become a friend to which to turn to, when fear of this de-sexed person grew intolerable, and he wet himself, in front of all the class. It was fear and authority that drummed the whole dogma into the mind of an innocent child. That child did not want to believe in hell and its eternal fires. He knew what it was like to get a simple burn from a candle and the pain caused him to cry. How could he imagine an eternity of such pain, for committing a mortal sin, and being unlucky enough to die, without gaining the forgiveness of confession. The priest held such heaven and earthly powers for the child. Every word he uttered had to be believed. Soon the child's mind is full of religious nonsense that has the aura of a certain truth -  that cannot even be questioned. The child's natural inquisitiveness has been strangled and choked.
I use strong words because I am angry when I think back on what my religious upbringing has been. It did not come from the home but from the school. The school, which should have been a place of learning where the child becomes enchanted with knowledge, becomes a place to be feared. It becomes a dark place, where the main purpose seems to be the indoctrination of tender minds in the strict dogma of a manic church. I was given over to an institution by my parents, just like all the children. It was accepted that the priests, nuns and brothers could do as they liked with our minds. They filled them with fear and negative thoughts of sin. They made us feel we were unworthy sinners, and that heaven was not meant for the likes of us. We would be lucky to spend a half eternity in the fires of a lonely purgatory. We became automatons, robotically chanting prayers and catechism. We were forced not to question, when the real aim of education should be to foster a healthy scepticism. No one dared ask the many questions that the dogma continually raised in our innocent minds. Why did Abraham have the heartlessness to be ready to kill his own son? But we knew that heartlessness and religion were bed fellows. The brothers showed no mercy with the stick as they viciously beat the dogma into us.
I shiver even now at the memories of it all. It was a dark time in Ireland during the fifties and sixties. Television had not yet come and the influence of the outside world was minimal. The church reigned supreme over family and society. I know what it is like to live under a totalitarian regime. True, they did not take you away and torture you openly. No. It was worse. They did it surreptitiously. When you were a child, as a student in their care, they could beat you senseless and nobody dared complain. Later as an adult, they wielded their power more covertly. They shamed you by their words, and you were ostracised. Their word was enough to get you that job, or not. The level of control over your life was complete. You had to get their permission to marry, and once married you had to remain so, at their insistence, no matter how bad the union turned out. They lorded over birth, education, marriage and death.
All this led to levels of hypocrisy that were obscene. People outwardly complied but inwardly behaved according to their own desires. As long as the outer show was in line with their behavioural norms, the inner morality was not of concern. Two worlds developed - one of external piety, the other brutish and defiled. Children born out of wedlock were hushed away to orphanages as if they were society's effluent. Sex was dirty and purely for producing new babies that were fodder for the next generation of psychologically, stunted individuals.
That era in the history of my country is gone but its memory remains scarred on the minds of so many of that generation. Even now, having embraced atheism for nearly thirty five years, the old inbredded guilt complexes return to me, in different situations. The fear of institutional authority is still there. The claustrophobia of organisations and groupings is still there. It is why I am basically a loner. It is why I am a vehement free thinker. Maybe it is why I am here now.
My difficulty is really a personal experience, one where my exposure to organised religion has been particularly unhappy. For all that, I try to keep an open mind about the spirituality of religion, and why there is an evident need for it even in the modern world. For a philosopher, a basic question has to be whether God exists. From a rational point of view, the question, like all questions, cannot be totally ruled out. But using the same rational latitude, I could say that, for instance, blue rabbits exist. That doesn't lead me anywhere because the probability in both cases might be so incredibly small that it would take, perhaps, billions of years to prove. But there is no reason for blue rabbits to exist. Is there a reason for god to exist?
This issue was dealt with by philosophers down the ages. Aristotle's argument for God was that of the First Cause - if you go back through the train of cause and effect, there must have been a first cause to originate movement. This first cause is itself unmoved and must therefore be an eternal substance. So, the Aristotelian reason for God is to get the whole universe moving. It certainly is a rational reason but is it sufficient? I think not because in answering one question - what got the whole shebang moving - it raises an infinity of other questions - what is God like, where did he come from, what is his purpose and on and on. In effect, the conception of God just replaces one set of questions by a matching set of questions, and we are no farther along.
Of course, the Greek gods were much different from the Jewish Yahweh or Christian or Islamic God. The Jews saw God as Creator of all things, and that reasoning was taken into both Christian and Islamic faiths. The idea of god as creator is not too far removed from that the Aristotelian view, and suffered from the same deficiencies.
It was St. Anselm, in the eleventh century, who invented the 'ontological' argument for the existence of God. He defines God as the greatest possible object of thought. If such an object of thought does not exist, then another, exactly like it, that does exist, is greater. Therefore, the greatest of all objects of thought must exist, since, otherwise, another still greater, would be possible. Therefore God exists, according to St. Anselm. This is using pure logic to prove the existence of God, but it depends upon the premise that there is a link between thinking about something, and existence. It also depends on first defining what God is - the essence of God is his being the greatest possible object of thought. Even St. Thomas Aquinas couldn't accept that the essence of God can be known, and refuted the ontological argument.
The ontological argument is difficult to understand. It centres around the concepts of essence and existence. For example, Hamlet does not exist but has a certain essence, say broodiness. Essence does not imply existence. Kant argued against the ontological argument by proposing that existence is not a property or predicate in itself, but rather a precondition for something to have properties. In effect, he maintained that existence doesn't add to the totality of essence, and therefore confounds St. Anselm's ontological argument. Kant's refutation rests on the question of whether existence is a predicate or not, and is not totally conclusive. The problem with the ontological argument is that it is very difficult to disprove conclusively. It is simply a logical play of words.
However the weakness lies in the definition of these words. What does existence mean to me, in my modern perspective of science and knowledge. Both at the microscopic and the cosmological scale there is no unique existence. In the quantum level of space there is an infinity of existences, each weighted with a probability that only realises an outcome when a measurement or observation is made. There are multiple existences, and therefore there must be multiple ontological gods for each existence. A measurement or observation fixes not only the state but the postulated ontological god. The prospect of an infinity of gods is a much greater disproof of the ontological argument that defines only one supreme being as possible. Likewise at the cosmological scale, where the Big Bang is like a small bubble universe in a vast sea of foam of infinities of parallel universes - each universe must have its own ontological god, and there arises the same problem of an infinity of gods. If anything the modern theories of science propose something more akin to the myriad of gods of Greece and Rome. Maybe it is polytheism, that will be the religion of the future. The ontological god must by definition be monotheistic. 
The idea of monotheism - of there being only one supreme being - has had a far shorter history in humanity's religious yearning than one would think. It is essentially a modern - in a relative sense - mindset but, other than for historical reasons, has no great rational basis. So if I were a religious person, my knowledge of modern scientific theory should lead me towards polytheism.
But those are old philosophical arguments for the existence of god. Let me look inward and try to decipher my personal view. If I were to believe in a god, it would have to be a pantheistic god, embedded deep in nature. I find wonder at the sheer beauty of existence. Is this not evidence of some greater designer, overseeing the natural and physical laws that create such awe-inspiring sights, the sky on a clear frosty night with its billions of twinkling lights coming from the vast space-time of the cosmos, the sight of bluebells under an apple tree in early summer? We can all list a history of such beautiful experiences, each a sign from an invisible beneficent god. When I look at the sun setting over the reddened sky, the magnificence of the spectacle shouts at me that there must be something out there, to create such beauty.
That I find wonder and beauty in the world is human and only human, for millions of years of human evolution has decided for me what I find beautiful. Does beauty actually exist in the universe? I recognise beauty because I sense colour, shape, texture and sound. It is my senses that create beauty. It does not exist objectively, outside human experience. Do dogs experience beauty? Only up to the point of base senses, such as hunger satiation and general well-being. The evolutionary associations, that have moulded my sense of beauty, have developed over the entire history of homo sapiens, and human beauty is unique to humans -  but it is not objective beauty. 
When I hear a Mozart piano concerto, I am moved by its exquisite artistry. Yet the music is essentially a series of harmonic pressure waves, emanating from the piano strings as the keys hit down. The strings have been designed to give off designed sound waves, which accompanied by others in certain proportions, give us a feeling of pleasure or well-being. This pleasure goes back in evolutionary time, to how we learn to hear sounds. The development of hearing was a survival evolutionary tactic, that granted an extra edge to organisms that had the accompanying ability to move or flee. The approach of a pressure wave, preceded the approach of a potential predator, and being able to interpret the pressure wave, was a major evolutionary advantage. In that first prehistoric moment of recognition of some unnamed organism, the Mozart concertos had their genesis. The first sound was heard. Perhaps the first sound in the entire universe, if Earth is the unique planet it's suspected to be. Up to then, there was no sound just an immense field of pressure waves that existed, if there was a medium to carry it. These waves came into being and were destroyed, as their energy spread out and was absorbed, into the general background complexity.
As evolution proceed along its tortuous path, the ability to hear sound became increasingly sophisticated. Sound was becoming more important in the young, evolving planet. At some unknown stage, the ability to create sound by a living organism arrived. This primitive sound was used to create fear, or to recognise one of kind. Sounds began to take multiple meanings. Down through the aeons of evolving life forms, the ability to hear and create sounds, developed chaotically, from the ferocious roar of a tyrannosaurus to the gentle song of a wren. But it was the evolution of consciousness, that led to sound becoming a much more potent force on earth. Homo sapiens used sound to develop sophisticated communication, and simple pressure waves from his mouth could now evoke strong emotions, associated with the primal longings of his existence.
The road to Mozart is charted from early, prehistoric times. Perhaps around the fire, after a day's hunting and having feasted on the bounty, the sound of hollowed chewed bones became a pleasant association of warmth, well-being and safety. The human love of percussion had been born. By beating hollow bones off each other the sound could be repeated over and over. The periodical nature of musical tones had been invented. From there to Mozart is a long and tortuous path, but one that can conceivably be charted in social evolutionary terms. 
We, humans, invented our own beauty. We defined it for ourselves, and continue to do so. It is not a constant, no more than the mindset of humanity is a constant. It moves with the ages, but still retains the primeval core that was borne around some prehistoric camp fire.
So beauty is totally man-made. We like sunsets for perhaps the same reason. Our sense of liking for colour comes from similar associative evolution. We reflect, in our music and our art, our primitive environment seen through modern socially evolved senses. Modern art and music searches beyond the merely representational, looking deeper into the soul of humanity for the primitive origins of our sense of beauty.
So, is the beauty of existence evidence of a possible, at least pantheistic, god? Because beauty is a human concept, created from the bio-cultural evolution of the species, it cannot be ascribed to a god in that sense. We see beauty everywhere, because we are in a way programmed to see it by our evolutionary past. It is the bio-anthropic principle. We see beauty, because in our past we have decided among ourselves what we want to see as beautiful. There is no objective beauty in the universe. Therefore beauty, a human conception, cannot be a reason for god.
Yet, as I call to mind the sounds of Mozart's 'Elvira Madigan', I am moved in an almost religious way. The culmination of man's musical achievement, has led us totally away from its primal origins, towards a glimpse of heaven. Perhaps there is some teleological aspect to beauty that I have missed out on. Is beauty the end of mankind? Is god beauty? Is god the end of mankind? Are we progressively evolving our sense of beauty, towards the divine? Are we, through our existence, creating our own god?
But there is another side to god that I have not considered and it relates to the human experience, in particular, but not solely. A lion attacks a gazelle on the plains of Africa and kills it. It is acting according to instinct, and while we feel for the pain of the gazelle, we do not condemn the lion. If a man kills a gazelle we might accept it, if he were hungry, but we decry it, if he kills for pleasure. If he kills another human being, we cry foul, except in the extremes of war. We have an innate sense of justice built into us. This justice is premised on the concept of free will. If we are not acting under free will then justice doesn't apply to us. If we freely carry out an act then the strong arm of justice must apply. Those of us who live our lives within the narrow confines of just action are deemed virtuous. Because of our innate sense of justice, only the virtuous rest easy and can be happy. This is, in a sense, its own reward, but justice must be seen to be done, for even the virtuous to have a sense of justice. But in many cases justice is rarely carried through in this life, and that requires that it be done in a postulated afterlife. This gives rise to the need for a concept of god, who becomes a god of eternal justice. This is the god of Jews, Christians and Muslims, who is a god of punishment and reward. Has this god arisen in the same socio-evolutionary sense?
If we were all individuals living our lives in free will, without a sense of society or belonging, then justice would have little import. The criminal is always a loner, and outside of society. Even when criminals band together, they invent their own justice system. It is usually brutal, and barbaric, but nonetheless a justice system. Human beings are societal animals. It comes from the safety in numbers of the early hunter-gatherer social dynamic. Once a group of individuals come together, rules of conduct begin to emerge. To disobey these rules, brings the strong hand of justice down on the guilty.
But societies and groups live long beyond the lifetime of one individual, and develop histories. These histories sometimes display evidence of justice having missed its target, and not being done. If this were to pertain then the concept of justice would erode over time, and the group would decline in strength. The idea of justice carrying over after death was created. A whole mythology, of eternal life and a god who would dispense justice on those who had escaped their fate on earth, was created. The need for this god, became a fundamental of society.
This god of justice depends on the free will of his subjects. When the very religious Newton discovered his deterministic dynamical laws of motion, the concept of free will became challenged.
Newton's laws implied that, theoretically, if you knew the position and velocity of every particle in the universe, you could, admittedly with an infinite computing power requirement, calculate all future positions and velocities for all time. This left no scope for free will, and  religion, based on a god of justice, was in deep trouble. Newton, himself, was very troubled about this, and decided that the laws did not apply to the realm of the soul - as a way out of the dilemma. Luckily modern scientific theory has removed the dilemma, by exposing the limitations of Newton's paradigm. Quantum theory replaces strict determinism by a weird world where every outcome is possible, but only to a weighted probabilistic extent. All outcomes progress through space-time in a totally deterministic sense but when we look or observe for a particular outcome, what we find  is totally unpredictable outside a probability range. In the modern way of looking at free will, you have free will in your solipsistic world, but that world is one of a multiverse of worlds where all outcomes take place separately. Is this any solace to the god of justice? I think not, as free will is replaced by a sort of chance structure which, while making the future indeterminate, does not give you the freedom to do as you please.
Is all the world a stage? Are the lines already written down, and the props in place? The quantum drama is not one stage, but an infinity of stages, where our role changes from one to the other. In one, we may be the victim, while in the next, we may be the transgressor. So many stages, roles, cues! There must be a universal producer. For some he is god. For modern physicists, he is Schr?dinger's equation of state wave evolution, and its intermittent reduction by observation, as the producer looks into a particular theatre, in an indeterministic probabilistic manner. There is no justice or free will in this world of many worlds, there is just chance. Maybe Einstein got it wrong. God is merely a dice thrower.
Does God throw his dice for all eternity - the infinity of time into the future. God and infinity are often associated in philosophical dialectic over the centuries. But it is not the mathematical form of infinity that has divine aspirations - it is the metaphysical infinity of wholeness, completeness, perfection, that is forever out of reach of human grasp. The cold mathematical infinity of numbers and parts has no beauty other than an awe for magnitude.
I stare ahead of me and I see infinities. There is the infinity of the water in the sea and the air in the atmosphere. They are infinities for me because I can never traverse their boundaries - I can never in my time count all the molecules of water in the vast oceans of the world. To count them would be to place a tag on each molecule to identify it as counted. I would sift through the oceans searching un-tagged molecules Initially there would be no problem finding them. I could count all day and night for a lifetime but would get nowhere. Even if I were ultra efficient at counting and managed to notch up one per second, over my long lifetime I could only hope to count several billion molecules a mere thimbleful compared with the infinitude of the molecular sea. Even if every person in the world for all of human existence had devoted their lives to counting, it would get nowhere near the totality of molecules in the oceans. This type of infinity is not attainable to us physically.
But mentally the infinity does not even exist. We know intuitively that the seas are bounded. In fact we can do very simple ad hoc calculations that will give us an idea of that bound. Instead of counting we can use chemistry to evaluate the number of molecules in a given volume and then estimate the volume of water in the oceans. Very quickly a good estimate will be attained that will do for all practical purposes. The infinity of the physical disappears.
Infinity can be destroyed by intelligence and understanding. What appears to be a non-traversable barrier is easily removed when the right intelligence applies itself. So what of our current accepted infinities? The metaphysical interpretation of infinity as completeness, unity, perfection does not succumb to the same treatment. We cannot use intellect to overcome these boundaries. This is the argument used by theologians that knowing God is not possible by using rational logic. They consider revelation as the only way to God. This revelation is innate and comes from the world of the soul. The metaphysical infinity is a concept of mind. We feel we understand that time and space can have no boundaries yet are somehow complete in our idea of the world. The mere fact that we can easily conceive the idea of the world with its infinities is testament to metaphysical infinity.
But in all this association of infinity and deity, I feel we have been misled. Being infinite is not being, it is a property of being. It can be a mathematical or metaphysical property but is not correct to ascribe other dimensions to it. It exists as does any other conceivable property and has no exceptional relevance. This is not how history has viewed infinity - giving it an esteemed place in the dialectic. In ancient times this was more due to our state of knowledge of our world. Philosophy has dwelled for too long on the thoughts of predecessors whose world view is so far removed from current knowledge that most of their theorising is naive or just plain wrong. These were wise men of their time and a lot of what they say carries through to the modern world but only in so far as it is metaphysical. The scientific basis for most of their deliberations is totally unsound and very often too coloured by their dogmatic religious beliefs. The student of philosophy must wade through so much history of unsound thought. The history of the philosophical attitude to the infinite is no different. It is more productive to focus on current thought rather than follow the many erroneous paths from Pythagoras, through Plato, Aristotle, to Augustine, Aquinas, the rationalists, empiricists, Descartes, Kant or Leibniz These philosophers didn't add much to the concept of infinity other than association with God or metaphysics. Science and knowledge on the other hand has helped to define infinity from a vague concept to something that can be understood to some extent, albeit at certain intellectual effort.
Yet for all its infinitude, nature has a set of underlying constants that seem to have a precise and unchanging value: the fine structure, gravitational, mass ratio, weak and strong interaction constants. Science has yet to come up with a satisfactory explanation for these values and their static nature. Using simple dimensional analysis these constants can be used to derive the size of nearly all natural phenomena from nuclear size right up to galaxies and black holes. Even the size of the human body is determined by these constants. Time and the age of the universe can also be determined. Is this saying that all is determined? Is there a grand design? The apologists for religion are elated. Science their arch enemy has delivered them their ultimate salvation. God is the grand designer.
Ironically this is the strongest pro-theistic argument for a deity. Yet like the ontological argument, it merely succeeds in positing one range of questions for another at a deeper level. It seems that god is an infinite regress. Rather than accepting this senseless paradigm, science relentlessly pursues more rational explanations. In doing so the store of human knowledge is increasing and the borders of metaphysics are narrowing. Some humans still look on the world around them with awe and respect for its size, power and beauty, but they wear the spectacles of rationalism and reality rather than the psychedelic glasses of metaphysics and religion. Likewise they look inward into their own minds and see not souls but a mental reality solidly based in the real world. Where there is no understanding they question openly their theories in the hope that further progress can be made. It is these adventurous explorers of the cosmos and its mysteries that add to the sum of human knowledge.

I was clenching my fists with determination. I was preparing for the intellectual fight. I knew that dangerous challenges lay ahead and that I, and many others, must not be afraid to face them. I felt sick at the prospect of confrontation but it was inevitable. The forces of conservatism were creeping across the world stamping out intellectual freedoms by extreme actions. Mental terrorism had been born in the early years of the twenty-first century. Even the great liberal powers of Europe were curbing free expression under threat from without. A modern fearful inquisition was unfolding before our very eyes and we seemed powerless to stop it. In fact even mere recognition of it was sealing a dreadful fate of death threat and perpetual hiding.
I unclenched my fists and felt calm return. It was wrong to engage in such negative anger. I needed to restore balance. I started to breathe slowly. I felt embarrassment at having such violent feelings surface. I was no better than those driven terrorists if I could not control my emotions. I knew that mutual understanding and empathy is the key to avoiding conflict. I needed to focus on what is positive in the world.

The sun was now at its mid point in the sky. A big bank of grey clouds was slowly moving in from the west. The waters of the Atlantic were agitated in expectation and the wind picked up. It was a warm wind and the air freshened with sea salt. The first drop of water on my cheek was a warning to arise and get my camp in order for the coming deluge. A broad flash of light was barely noticeable in the strong midday sun. I started to count and before reaching ten there was a low rumble in the distance. I surveyed the scene and realised that my tent was on the highest most exposed place on the cliff. I quickly put things inside and zipped up the flap. Then realising the threat from mother nature I ran down from the height as fast as I could, stumbling over walls and slipping on the now wetted stones. The sun had disappeared behind the dark mass of the clouds and this was followed by a violent flash of fork lightning. Once again I counted and by five there was a massive thunder. I searched around in panic looking for shelter. There was an old stone cow house just down the road and I made for it. As I clambered in there was another flash and before I could count a monstrous explosion ripped the air. Was it a bomb? Had the terrorists finally caught up with me? My head was in a spin. The pressure waves from the blast had run across my body. I shivered as I regained sense and realised that I had come so close to death, to extinction. The blood drained from my face  and I felt physically sick. I sat down. The rain was now falling in a torrential downpour. Water was flowing into the shed and was making its way out through a hole in the back wall. I stared at the rivulet and felt how odd that it made its way through the cowshed. Nature ignores man's creation. The thunder had passed as fast as it had come. Only the rain was left - a weeping catharsis. Soon the steady patter of the droplets was soothing and normality returned. I felt cosy in the shelter looking out at the rain. I felt incredibly happy to be alive.
After the downpour had eased, I made my way back to the camp to inspect for damage but was happy to see that the tent had held out very well. The ground was saturated but the inside was dry. I resealed the flap and made my way down to the village. I was in need of company and felt like a drink - a celebratory drink for escaping certain death.

The pub was packed with tourists caught in the downpour and driven into the bar for shelter and once inside, realising the conviviality good, staying and adding to the overall atmosphere. Two young men in the corner had started to play music. One had a fiddle and the other a bodhran and the traditional music was a pleasing backdrop to the conversation and buzz. I spotted Maria and Jan and waved to them. Maria's bright smile was welcoming. Jan merely nodded.
'Were you caught in the storm?' Maria's voice showed concern.
'Well, to tell you the truth, I was nearly blown up by a lightning strike, but otherwise I escaped,' I laughed. 'Would have been a sad loss, wouldn't it now?'
'Maybe,' Jan said drily, trying to be funny but the voice belied his real sentiment. There was no love lost here I felt and then why should there. I had shagged his friend and, no matter what their relationship, that had to irk.
'Can I get you a drink?' I asked, wanting to placate.
When the pints came we moved to a corner away from the music where it was easier to converse.
'Whew! That's lovely,' I sighed after taking a long sup of creamy porter. 'Isn't life great?' I suddenly felt huge relief to be still alive on this strange blue planet. 'That was as near the end as I've yet been.'
'Were you ready to die?' Jan's question had a nasty strain to it suggesting that I had outstanding issues to face up to before my expiry.
'That's the million dollar question, my dear Jan.' I used the friendly 'my dear' in a condescending manner that slightly disgusted me. I tried to regain my good feelings and get into Jan's good books by giving him a more substantive response. 'No seriously, Jan, that is a very deep question. Was I ready to die? Is anyone ever ready to die?'
'Death,' Jan replied, 'is probably a more serious concern the closer you get to it. For me, being young, it is something that happens to other people or creatures - not something that I feel I need to address.'
'I disagree, Jan.' Maria interrupted. 'Death is ever present to me because I am living and want to keep living. If I cross a road I take care not because it's the law but because I want to avoid death. If you think about it, you are confronting death daily not just on the roads, but flying or on the sea. When we crossed over to this island I felt close to death. In fact I almost wanted death.'
'I could sense that.' I laughed trying to lighten the conversation. 'You certainly were deathly pale and you were not far behind her, Jan.'
Jan took a small sip of his pint in the manner of the inexperienced and seemed to consider a while before vehemently replying.
'No, I did not think of death even when my head was pounding and my stomach ached. I just wanted the pain to end, definitely not my life. Life is too precious for me. I love life.'
Jan stared out at the sunshine that streamed in through a nearby window. Everything was glistening after the downpour. The world looked refreshed and alive. I understood what Jan was feeling. I too loved life with all its unpredictability and quirks. One minute the heavens growl and spit forth wild explosions and torrents of water and then the world is coated in an ethereal bright light that elevates the heart and soul.
'Yes, Jan, I too love life.' I said the words more for myself than for him. 'It's a clich? to say that it's all we've got but there is the kernel of the matter. Death is defined not as something in itself but as something that it is not - not life.'
'Oh come on you two grouches, lighten up.' Maria interjected. 'Look the world is beautiful. Let's just enjoy it!'
She caught me by the hand and before I knew it I was out on the dance floor twirling around to the music. Neither of us knew the steps but that didn't matter. We threw ourselves into the motion with total abandon. I put my right hand around her slim waist and adopting a waltz position we spun around in time to the frenetic beat.
Breathless and laughing we made our way back to the corner. Maria pulled a reluctant Jan out with her and I watched them as they bounced their way about on the now crowded floor. I thought how young and exuberant they looked in each other's arms. Their youth mocked my aging body. I knew I was on the downward path from the mountain of life. They were still in the foothills on the ascent. They had the pleasure and expectancy of reaching the summit ahead. I had been there and realised that there is no summit, no goal, just a passover from growing to declining. A terrible sadness engulfed me. I felt I had to leave. Better to let these young people get on with their lives. My presence could only dim their ardour and zeal. I did not want that. I finished my pint and made my way out of the thronged pub.
I made my way down to the pier and sat on a stone bollard. The effect of the pint had made me a bit woozy. The bright sun after the muted interior of the bar was dazzling. I never liked being in bars in daylight. I was glad I'd only had the one drink. The day was not yet lost.
The pier was busy as usual. The fishing boats were coming and going. The ferry had just taken off for the mainland and it was being followed by a flock of raucous gulls. The tourists on board were waving their goodbyes to the island.
I went down the stone steps to the water's edge. There was an old fisherman in a wooden boat. His gnarled hands were working on a sheer filament net and as he looked up at me I was taken aback by his face. It was a sea of deep knotted wrinkles. The eyes were almost hidden in dark sockets overhung by flaccid skin. The sea had aged this man way beyond his years. Yet his voice was not that of an old man.
'A boat for hire?' he repeated my question and seemed to pause. 'Well let me see. Are you wanting a skipper as well? You don't look the seafaring sort and the seas can be a vicious mother at times.'
We struck a deal and I hopped on board. He started up the engine and the small craft eased away from the pier wall. Soon we were out of the shelter of the harbour and there was a small sea swell that made the boat gently rock from side to side. It was not unpleasant and the slow undulation relaxed me. The harbour was now well behind and the tall sheer cliffs were approaching. The scale of the cliffs was awe inspiring and humbling. I tried to imagine what forces had thrown up such huge masses of limestone and then cut into them as if with a mere knife. The natural sculptor that had honed this sight was far beyond any human effort at creating beauty. It worked on a scale forbidden to our puny efforts. What were the pyramids compared to this sight?
'Do you ever tire of looking these cliffs?' I asked the skipper, who was forward at the wheel. I knew the answer but wanted to open conversation.
'That's a silly question to ask a man who has lived all his life on the sea looking up at them. What's your name anyway? Mine's Pat. Pat Connelly.'
'Hi ya, Pat. Dave's the name.'
'Well Dave, me boy, I love those cliffs but I don't expect love in return because I won't get it. Many's the man who has made that mistake. Those cliffs have taken many's a life and not shed a single tear. They are a harsh lover for sure. Some they snare to death from the land side. People feel they can look right over the edge and the cliffs cough and the gust of wind just sucks the poor souls over. Others are snared from the sea wanting to get as close as possible to their love. But the cliffs have only one true lover and that is mother sea. Mother sea can be a jealous bitch and if you go too close to her beloved cliffs she can just lash out a wave and you go crashing into the rocks never to be seen again. There should be as many crosses on those there cliffs as there are gulls nests.'
'Well I hope there are no sirens tempting us onto the rocks today,' I joked.
'Sirens, them's them singing ladies?' Pat laughed. 'There are sirens a plenty, don't you mock. I'll take you to a place where one is seen every year about this time. You'll see.'
We motored with steady intent around the western shore of the island. The sun was starting its descent towards the end of another day - another indistinguishable event in spacetime was passing. The sky began to take on the red hues of sunset as the sun's light struggled laterally through the earth's thin atmosphere. The radiance was awesome against the vast blue grey expanse of the Atlantic ocean stretching off towards the Americas. The sea had become rougher and spray flew over the bow of the boat coating us both in a fine sea salt. I licked my lips and tasted the tartness. It felt good and almost necessary. I wiped my eyes and the stinging made them more alert. Neither of us spoke, the beauty of the scene muting our desires to communicate. The cosmos was speaking to us, painting the sky the most wondrous colours as if to say to us how marvellous is creation. The sun, source of all our life, grew in size and deeper in colour - a red ball of never ending fire. I wanted to bow to its sovereignty and power. The soft yellow light it cast on the western cliff face made the scene look other worldly and surreal. The gulls had nested down and were the silent observers of this daily spectacle. The only noise was the slapping of water against the bow and the more distant hum of swells against the rock face.
I clasped my hands as if in prayer and wished the moment to last forever such was the force of the beauty before me. I was in tune with the earth and its place in the cosmos. I felt of no consequence in this picture but at the same time felt uniquely privileged to be its witness. But I was not the only witness as Pat was obviously not immune to this, for him, routine spectacle. He too was piously silent as he steered the craft nearer the cliffs. Soon it became apparent that he was heading for a large boulder that stood proudly aloof from the cliff face as if refusing to give in to the might of the ocean and its waves. Coming what seemed perilously close to the rock, Pat turned and pointed to its summit where there seemed to be a seat hewn out of the stone.
'That's where she sits, the siren. Her name's Molly. If you see her that is the end - there is no escape. Many have been lost here, sucked into her den.' Pat waved with his hand towards a dark entrance of a cave. The swell of the sea rose and it almost covered the entrance. Then there was a slow long drawn out keening sound coming from the heart of the cave.
'That's her cry. She cries every day at high tide. She is crying for her lovers and for her lost child. It is a sad story - one probably best kept hidden within the island. I'll say no more.'
Once more the sea swell rose and the despairing wail seemed to seep out of the very rock. As the swell pushed inward a great wall of spray gushed forth and enveloped the large boulder. The mist broke up the soft evening light and a rainbow-like holographic shadow appeared over the rock. A shiver ran down my back and I felt the blood drain from my face. Deep down I understood what was happening but the myths and beliefs of thousands of years conditioned my bodily response. I almost froze on the spot in fear expecting to be drawn into the cave and to my peril. But Pat had already sensed the danger and had put the engine into reverse and just then a huge swell came in from the ocean, raising the boat high into the air almost level with the carved seat. My eyes were almost convinced that they saw a lady sitting there adorned in a multi-coloured dress. But as the mist cleared the seat was revealed - empty.
'Look out, there's another one coming!' roared Pat.
I clung onto the rail of the boat as we lunged down into the trough of the swell. The rock was now gone from view. Then slowly we were lifted aloft by the second swell. Time seemed to stand still as we slowly rose. My stomach muscles clinched in fear. I closed my eyes. The swell fell away and when I opened my eyes the sea was calm again. The sun was at the horizon and shone in brilliant golds and reds. The light clouds were tinged with deep purples and the sea reflected all in a picture that no artist could capture. I breathed a sigh of pure relief and joy. Pat was smiling in triumph as he steered the boat away. The stone was standing there solitary in the dying light. I wanted to wave farewell but my fingers were still gripping the rail tightly. I relaxed them and watched the blood flow back into them. I felt light headed and almost faint. I thought of Paudy and Matty and their lovely Molly.

It was almost dark by the time I had made my way back up to the camp. The ground had dried and there was no evidence of the deluge earlier that morning. I unzipped the flap and checked that all was okay. Snacking on bread, cheese and water, I sat cross-legged in the tent looking out at the darkening sky. My eyes grew heavy and I knew that I needed to sleep. I lay back and pulled a sleeping bag over my tired body and let my mind escape into a deep slumber.
Next morning after a cold invigorating swim I felt as relaxed as I'd ever felt for a long time. The early post-dawn air was still chilled but the sun had risen and the temperature was beginning to rise. I lay back, now fully clothed, in the heather bank near the deep sea pool where, a few minutes ago, the cold water had sliced through my skin. I still had the adrenaline rush and the raised heartbeat. My skin was still tingling as if it was pulled very taut against my skeleton. The sun's rays eased the sensation and normality returned. My heightened senses could still smell the iodine and salt on the air, sweetened by the honey of the heather and wild flowers. The scents were like rare perfumes lightly sprayed in the harem of a dozen maidens. They were sensuous and decadent in a natural way that removed any sense of guilt or indulgence. For long moments I let my mind meander amongst the bliss. For once the visual was swamped by the nasal. That, most-times secondary, sense was now dominant and deliciously so. A bee must feel like this as he immerses himself within the flower head, making love to the petals, muzzling the stamens, snorting the pollen, buzzing contentedly. I turned my head and let my nose touch the crimson and pink heather. I could smell the damp of yesterdays rain coming up from the soil - a musty sweet smell that lingered with the honeydew of the little heather blooms. I rubbed my nose against the stalks and their rough leaves and smelled the green of the chlorophyll and the salt of the sea. I wallowed in a world of scents that were acting like a drug to my senses. I felt elation, almost a sexual gratification, that I was in total communion on a very intimate level with the very earth and its vegetacious offspring. I was feeling the musk of nature's thighs bringing me back to primordial time when we lived closer to the soil. Even further back to when we were part of the soil, rooted to it, gaining our sustenance from it. Dust thou art and to dust thou shalt return. These are not religious words but true words. My head in the heather, I was bridging the gap between birth and death.
I do not know how long I had lain like that but the shadow cast by the figure before me was cast by a sun not at the horizon. The cooling effect of the shadow on my exposed skin had been enough to awaken me from my sensuous sleep. I blinked at the upper half of a female figure that I recognised. Slowly, as if on purpose, the figure turned and walked away into the glare of the early morning sun. I wanted to call after her but something told me I mustn't. There will be a right time, I felt. As the figure disappeared into the fresh morning air, I relaxed and let my eyes close again to wallow in my secret world of scent.
My mind felt very alert. It was fresh and ready to dive back into the chaos of knowledge and its constraints. I found myself pondering on what were the really great outstanding questions of life, of existence. Were they based on science, metaphysics or philosophy? I imagined setting up a school of eschatology here on the island to address the theological views on the final end of man and the world. Is there progress? I know that time is asymmetrical and only proceeds into the future. In science there is the famous second law of thermodynamics that tells us the entropy or complexity of the universe increases with time. This is evidenced by the increasing expansion of the universe rather like a gas that initially starts off in a confined state in a container but once released the volume occupied by the gas increases forever. But is the universe going to increase forever? That certainly is one of the major questions facing science today. Einstein was very perturbed when he worked his field equations for cosmological evolution and found that the universe was not static. He introduced his famous cosmological constant to bring the world back to a standstill. This constant was incredibly small - ten to the power of minus one hundred and twenty. As it was related to size, it only became significant at incredibly large distances or so the theory goes. Even today the jury is still out on whether the universe is expanding forever or eventually contracting. But does it matter to us, a living organism that evolved some four to five billion years ago on an earth that formed around a mid-size star in a spiral galaxy in a not peculiar pocket of the universe. The timescales and distances are so great that they cannot impact on us in the here and now. Our fate as a species may be well decided by such local events as atmospheric response to global warming, a chance hit by a piece of space debris, nuclear war annihilation, the unavoidable evolution of our sun into a red giant that wipes out all life in the solar system or perhaps some other as yet unknown galactic catastrophe.
What this means is that we humans are bound to our little parish in terms of time and distance. Our causal horizon is very local as we currently see it. But could our assumptions be all wrong. We are bounded by the limitation of the speed of light. Because nothing can go faster than three hundred kilometres per second, the vast distances of the cosmos are forever out of our reach. But could Einstein have got it wrong? Maybe at a deeper level not yet revealed to us, instantaneous travel is possible. Glimpses of this are already apparent in quantum entanglement where two entangled particles appear to be able to have instantaneous causal contact over large distances. Is there a window in Einstein's wall of light?
There should be a science of earth. Too often we focus on the cosmos yet at the same time knowing that its outer reaches are denied to us. We can and should have a great knowledge of our own planet. This is becoming increasingly popular now that global warming is an issue having real impact on our daily life. A lot of humankind's abuse of the planet stems from an ignorance of what the planet is and what sustains it. It is incredible to feel that our lives depend on that thin sliver of biosphere that surrounds this ball of rock. We are lucky that the biosphere stays put at all let alone sustain the abundant life that we enjoy on earth. It is the force of gravity that prevents it leaking off into cold space. We are very fortunate that the earth had the particular gravity pull that was able to hold onto our atmosphere otherwise our planet could have been a lifeless ball like Mars which did not have adequate gravity to hold onto its atmosphere.
Lucky as we are to have a life sustaining biosphere, we treat it with contempt and assume that it is impregnable to our assaults. Yet the biosphere is a very sensitive and finely balanced system. A little adjustment here and we have a runaway glaciation; the other way and we have runaway heating due to a greenhouse effect. At the present time we are very concerned about the greenhouse effect and with reason. It is a perfect feedback system: increase emission of carbon dioxide into the thin atmosphere and it's like closing windows in a glasshouse. You lock in the heat and it becomes hotter. The hotter it becomes the more carbon is released from the huge store of limestone rock and vegetation. This in turn further increases the heat. Once started it becomes unstoppable. We are at the crisis point right now. Obviously this issue has far more import for us than such esoteric points as to whether the universe is expanding forever or not. If we do not deal with it quickly we will not be around to ask such questions in the first place.
Could intelligent life die out? Surely the whole cosmos has led to the development of life and intelligence. The search for purpose and meaning leads us to assume such vain conclusions. Just as the earth can in a relative instant wipe us from the record, so too with much more facility can the galaxy and the wider universe wipe us out of existence, either past or present - nothing would remain. We have only to look at the demise of the age of the dinosaurs who trundled across the very same ground as us for over fifty million years. What little evidence remains of them can be stored in one big museum and even that will disappear along with us. In time nothing will remain. Increasing entropy, in line with the second law of thermodynamics, will create dust of them all.
I am not special. I am here. I am thinking. I can do things to affect others. I can affect the environment that sustains me. I can affect the futures of my children and of my children's children if they are lucky enough to survive. Survival is the central question facing humanity. Will man and woman survive on this planet? Part of that question is a given, already. They cannot survive on the planet forever because we know that the planet's existence is finite. When the sun exhausts its nuclear fuel and leaves the so-called main sequence of stars, the energy output will increase, the outer atmosphere of the sun will expand to engulf the earth and life on earth will end as the oceans boil away. This will happen in about ten billion years. So that's our limit - unless we can develop space travel into the galaxy and beyond. But the limitations of the speed of light make that look very unlikely. So life will most likely die out in this corner of the cosmos. Its emergence will have had no impact on the cosmos. Are we doomed to cosmic insignificance? All our earthly struggles, our loves, dramas, tragedies, achievements, cultures, arts, music, religions and science, will count for nought. This borders on total nihilism and despair. But is it? Every human being knows it's going to die. But this sense of definite fatalism does not prevent us from living life and the opportunities it gives us to the full. We live in local space and time. We do not focus on death but instead train our thoughts to decipher the puzzles of our daily existence. The greater puzzle of life and its meaning, we give to greater authority - usually religious dogma. The proforma answers fill the vacuum and allow us to get on with our concerns in the very real here and now. In this sense religion can be a form of liberation and an ally in the daily struggle of survival. It is the traditional defence of religion in that it avoids nihilism - it gives a meaning to death, to the end. 
So what is the meaning of life? We generally avoid this question by trying to deconstruct life into its myriad components. This brings us into the territory first of biology and then microbiology and finally neuroscience. We meet the biological wall and can go no further. Then we try and deconstruct our thought. This brings us first to philosophy and then to psychology, but again we meet a wall. Then we try and deconstruct matter. This leads us to science and mathematics and to finally the infinite. The infinite is an unbreachable wall. In all this we have done the same thing - we have deconstructed. We seem to want to take things apart and piece them together in a synthesis that hopefully will give us answers regarding ontology and teleology. This has been our western approach. It works very well for the analytical approach and has given huge advancements in technology but the end game of the holy grail of meaning is still elusive.
All the while humans have been seeking something totally different - wholeness; mental, physical, social, individual. That is what I am seeking on this island. It has driven me from the world of materialism, politics, social intrigue, and self advancement. The wholeness I am seeking must come from within but must not be personal. It should be a glimpse of the wholeness of human existence and objective existence if it exists.
The problem with our world experience is that most things exist in a fragmentary state. This conditions us to expect our analysis to be of this nature. Because of this familiarity of defragmentation of things, we tend to give more psychological value to deconstruction. It becomes our paradigm for understanding. We have to struggle to see wholeness in our environment. The second law of thermodynamics with its increasing complexity compels us to further dissect. Our limited intelligence forces us to cut up complexity into bite size chunks and deconstruct to develop our understanding. All our knowledge comes from minute examination of ever decreasing areas of existence. We develop models to explain how these increasingly small regions of spacetime operate. They give us good answers locally but are at best a meagre local map. They are of no use in the bigger picture. They give us no guidance in the greater world. The paradigm dooms us to failure in trying to understand the whole.
Does this concept of wholeness actually exist in reality? It does but its rarity is what constrains us from adopting it as our norm of analysis. The peoples of the east are better at applying the principles of wholeness to their analysis. Chinese medicine has always seen the whole body as one organism that must be treated and not just the localised symptoms. This paradigm could be applied to all knowledge not just medicine. There is already a unification of mathematics and physics in quantum theory. Quantum theory has overlaps with psychology and neuroscience with the elevated role of the observer in the evolution of the state wave. We see physical examples of wholeness in the physical reality of the hologram where each point of a two dimensional surface contains a full three dimensional world. Each point contains the whole.
Quantum theory postulates that empty space is whole. There is no vacuum. It says that empty space contains an infinite number of waves at an infinitesimally small wavelength - ten to the power of minus thirty five metres. Our physical experience, based on best current technology, can only see down to ten to the power of minus nineteen metres. So it's no wonder we have no physical conception of this wholeness of space. If you could calculate the amount of energy in a cubic centimetre of space at this infinitesimal wavelength it would amount to more than the known matter in the entire universe. Empty space is not empty but an immense background of energy in which our existence is a small quantised wavelike excitation rippling, almost imperceptibly, on top. Space is full rather than empty. Our existence, the Big Bang spacetime, is just an enlarged ripple on this huge infinite ocean of energy. It is to this background ocean that we must seek our wholeness. From this ocean our world and our consciousness emanated.
Does this paradigm of wholeness increase our understanding of life? It concentrates on the how but has no answers for the why. Why has space got such energy. The what question must also be posed. What is energy? What is space? These questions seem to be fundamental to science and indeed to philosophy. To answer them the concept of time must be introduced and with time the concept of life or consciousness must be introduced also. So the shopping basket of ingredients for meaning to life contains energy, space, time and consciousness. These must be looked from the perspective of wholeness and juggled about to give the recipe for meaning of life.
One word that has not arisen in my thoughts is the word "reason". I have avoided it because in many ways that is what I am seeking. I have no pet hypotheses outside the realms of religion for the reason for life. Worse still I can't even think of a valid teleological end for existence, with or without humanity therein. It is for this that I have isolated myself on this island. I need time to contemplate. Now is a time for synthesis.
To synthesise you need raw materials from which to build. In terms of knowledge from where does this store of raw material emanate? I need to understand what is the source of knowledge. If I were a blank slate and dropped from the vacuum into this world how would I acquire knowledge? Knowledge flows and needs a conduit - it cannot seep onto the blank slate by osmosis or other strange manner. The blank slate needs receptors to take inputs from the environment. These receptors must be matched to what the environment throws at the blank slate. There is no point in developing eyes that can see x-rays when the sun's light comes in a totally different wavelength spectrum. The blank slate must have receptors that match the environment. Evolution has ensured this. We are the way we are because of our environment - we fit into the environment. Our eyes are designed to see what we call visible light but it is only visible because our receptors are tuned to it. We hear the frequencies of sound that are normal to our environment. Our ears evolved at the behest of the environment. Touch, smell and taste receptors are all designed by evolutionary response to our surroundings. It is likely that an alien from a remote world could not respond to any of the stimuli of our earthly environment.
So the blank slate must develop receptors that are aligned to the environment if he is to receive stimuli at all. But these stimuli are of no use if they can't be processed in some way. The basic requirement for processing is that a memory store be developed. The blank slate is now becoming a complex organism with receptors and memory. But more is required before knowledge is generated. The masses of received stimuli in the memory are useless unless there is some way of processing them. The simplest form of processing would be one to one mapping - say a particular visual stimulus with a particular smell. This mapping is then put into another memory store - the basic store of knowledge. The next time that same visual stimulus is received there is a map route to an already received smell and an expectation is developed. If the expectation is satisfied then that information is stored in another memory that might be called the store of knowledge. The blank slate is developing knowledge by induction. In effect all humankind's knowledge is inductive. We receive many stimuli X and then stimuli Y and we induce that X is always associated with Y. We continue to believe it until an exception occurs. When an exception occurs we look carefully at other associated stimuli and see if there is a new association and a new inducted piece of knowledge emerges.
Philosophers have always looked sceptically at induction as a means of building up knowledge. They have linked it to strict empiricism where the link with direct observation is taken to be very strict. The empiricist tends to hold that only directly made observations are to be taken into account in developing an understanding of any phenomenon that is postulated but not observed. This may be so for simple induction but as the memory stores develop and the mapping systems become more complex, induction moves away from the empirical mode. Too much reliance was placed on Hume's scepticism about induction. He actually felt that just because we had seen day follow night thousands of times there was no reason to conclude that day will follow this coming night. If you look for strict one hundred per cent certainty that contention is true. We know that someday the sun will not shine but we know to a good certainty that that dark day will not arise in the immediate future.
It is interesting to look at how modern quantum theory sees inductive scepticism. If there is no observer present, then the state wavefunction of the world just evolves with time according to the complex partial differential equation of Schr?dinger There is no room for inductive scepticism here. There is a direct evolution in a totally deterministic fashion from one moment to the next for all eternity. Induction reigns supreme. But introduce an observer and the state wave function reduces to an eigenstate of the observable, say position. This is one of an infinity of potential eigenstates each with a particular probability amplitude but each theoretically possible. Here strict induction breaks down. Day does not of necessity follow night. But all is not lost because when we make an observation X and expect the associated eigen state Y there is a probability range for Y that, although spread out over the full range from zero to one hundred per cent, is conditioned by the environment, which in effect seeks out the expected Y. In other words if day following night depended on only one observable, our personal seeing daylight, then there is considerable room for inductive scepticism. But in reality it is conditioned by the environment where there are billions of observers each with a similar expectation that indeed day follows night. Hume's inductive scepticism was a naivet? - true only in the very extreme. It led modern philosophical attitudes to science up an irrational path.
So the blank slate has receptors, memory and induction with which to build up his knowledge base. But the blank slate existed over half a million years ago yet the evolution of man was painfully slow until perhaps the last fifteen or so thousand years. It was the development of language that had a huge impact on humankind's cultural evolution. Sophisticated communication was essential to the development of knowledge. Communication was the key that unlocked the power of inductive reasoning. This was furthered by the development of writing less than five thousand years ago. Knowledge now had a permanency outside the memories of people. The great final frontier of knowledge came with the development of the critical method - trial and error plus feedback. Science was truly borne. Knowledge was tested and if a hypothesis failed it was revised and a new and better theory applied. Knowledge becomes more and more precise. From Aristotle to Newton, from Einstein to modern theories of everything, there is a constant improvement of theory and observation. 
The scientific laws developed in the last few hundred years and more specifically in the twentieth century tell us a lot about how the world works. Big Bang theory and quantum field theory covers the spectrum from the great infinite to the small infinitesimal scale. But all these elaborate mathematical models are designed to tell us how things work and not why. The increasing extent of our knowledge of how things work pushes back the horizon of ignorance of why things work the way they do. Behind the Big Bang there is a great question mark? Superstring theory of the twenty first century may bring us back to pre-Big Bang scenarios but this is still pushing back the ultimate why even further. This doesn't undermine the efforts of so many great minds as they struggle to unravel the workings of the universe. This work needs to be done and is in fact necessary to explode some of the metaphysics that philosophy, myth and religion have posited as the answer. One of the problems is that the territory becomes so difficult to understand that few people interested in the why question can travel there. This limits the number of people from non-specialist backgrounds from exploring the possible philosophical and other implications of leading edge modern scientific thought. For this reason the why question is rarely tackled in the strange multidimensional world of superstring theory.
If reality is really, say, of twenty six or even ten dimensions as may be postulated, what does that mean for induction, for knowledge, for the question why. It is important to the extent that unseen dimensions lead to unseen understandings. We struggle to come to terms with four dimensions being physically unable to wrap time into space in a cognitively meaningful way. We are satisfied with a mathematical formalism that when applied to the real world gives precisely the correct answers. What information is hidden in these extra six or twenty two dimensions? Could they hold the secret of life? When we finally, if ever disentangle them, will we see with a new up to now hidden sense. Will this sense evolve just as our eyes and ears evolved in reaction to what our environment revealed to us. The new sense may be a mathematical one. The receptor may be the brain or a special part of it that allows the person to understand the incredibly complex world of infinite dimensional manifolds, with bundle spaces like clouds hovering over each individual point out to infinity, and across these clouds will range complex infinite variable functions and hyperfunctions mapping out further membranes of reality with time. To develop this new receptor humankind must step up its education many gears so that young children are exposed these ideas from an early age, just as we teach them to write as soon as they can hold a pen, or to talk as soon as they can make sounds. Maybe in hundreds of years from now the receptor will have developed so much that the extra dimensions of reality will be visible to the mind and a whole new era in human knowledge of the world begin.
Perhaps in looking at the world as a three or four dimensional reality has been like looking at the part and not the whole. The wholeness may be the multidimensional reality currently denied to our un-evolved receptors. The gestalt nature of reality has been hidden from us by our inability to see further than three dimensions. The broader extent of nature needs to be revealed to us before we can understand why nature is or where it is going.

I feel jaded, having waded through so much only to realise that there are no answers for the why question at our present level of understanding. I can't even play a game and throw up zany reasons for humanity playing out this tragi-comedy on a lone blue planet in an innocuous corner of the cosmos. I could say the reason is God. I could throw out the question and say that there is no reason for our existence or the existence of the vast space of the universe. I could say that the universe always existed and that in an infinity of time, life could just pop into existence. I could say that we don't exist and that it is all a solipsistic illusion. I could say that the ultimate laws of nature will show that the cosmos must exist and that life must evolve in it. I could say that advanced philosophical thinking will show the necessity for reason to be unfounded and that there is no reason. I could say that a holistic approach to science, art, metaphysics and religion will reveal an infinity of reasons each giving a plausible answer. I could say that future thinking will reveal that a reason cannot exist logically. I am no further on.

The sun had passed the mid point in the sky. My eyes had been closed for hours. I had shut out the world of colour and beauty to be alone with my thoughts. Time had stood still yet externally had passed as it does every day. My biological clock reminded me I was hungry. I needed food. The mind needs food too. I was running on empty. I picked myself up off the heather and rubbed my eyes which had not yet trained to the bright glare of the afternoon sun. The sky was cloudless and I marvelled at the good weather. It was like being on a Greek island. The sea was an azure calm mirror and the submerged rocks along the coastline were clearly visible in their chalky whiteness. The darker depths looked inviting but first I needed to eat. I would swim again later.
As I munched on my cheese sandwich, squatting like an Indian in front of the tent, I let my eyes patrol the cliffs and sea, searching for movement, for interest. The view was as beautiful as you could get - the sea a cool blue with the odd white wavelet breaking over exposed rocks, the framing effect of the cliffs with their deep greens and browns cast darker shadows at the water's edge, the sky now had white frumpy clouds slowly sailing across the infinite of space. Yet for all the beauty I was searching for something more. I realised I was searching for signs of life. Catching sight of some terns swooping around the base of the cliffs and diving into the cold water completed the scene. The scene needed life to link my living sensation to it. Life seeks out life.
I thought back over my musings of the morning. I felt how cold they were when compared with the vitality of life, of nature. Logic at its best does not excite and invite the intellect. Philosophy, at its barest, dries up the interest of the person living in the real world. Science and mathematics are mechanical routines applied to the chaotic beauty of nature. Nature cannot be captured by formulae that short-circuit its beauty and complexity. The beauty of the scene before me cannot be captured by partial differential equations. At best these equations can mimic a few particles in very simple processes. But the elements of the scene before me is anything but simple. It contains sea, rock, air, vegetation and living organisms. It is a complex mishmash of substances and movements that have evolved over long periods of time and whose current state enters my field of vision. Mathematical equations, no matter how convoluted, cannot avoid following each minute step in the evolution of the scene. Modern scientists try to define the initial conditions and then find formulae and models that in effect try to short circuit the ins and outs of the evolutionary process. This is where science has lost its way. It doesn't realise that its much heralded schemes are really only applicable to the simplest of systems - ones that are deterministic. Complexity isn't deterministic. The weather is not deterministic. The only way to treat it as such is to restrict the size of the domain to a manageable minute fraction and to define precisely the initial conditions. Then the laws work well and are deterministic. Determinism applies only at the very local level. Once we zoom out to the wider world complexity takes over and the laws we so successfully applied in the local domain are now meaningless. To model complexity we can't short-circuit any step - each step must be enacted individually. This means in effect that complexity can never be modelled other than by itself. Does this mean that we give up on complexity? Has science no role in the complex domain of ordinary nature? At least it must change its perspective and scope. It can recognise its deficiencies and focus on what it can achieve at the local level and at the broader statistical level. Because when very complex systems are being considered, it is to a statistical approach that the scientist must defer. In effect modern quantum theory is totally statistical. The deterministic laws of Schr?dinger only apply for infinitesimal times between interactions and the resulting chaos generated has to be treated statistically. Outcomes of interactions are only probabilistic. But on what does the scientist base his probability estimates - on inductive data based on macro behaviour of the system. Taking this approach there is no problem with the famous conundrum of Schr?dinger's cat because the cat and the box are an infinitely complex system not subject to Schr?dinger's deterministic equation. The cat is either alive or dead but not both! Science gets confused if it mixes up its domains of application.
Complexity can still have a basis in scientific law in that at the very beginning certain rules had to apply. At the beginning things were not complex but simple so the rules of science hold sway. These rules could be the rules of quantum theory as it stands today but it is unlikely that they were that complex. Quantum theory is complex because the current state of the world it tries to model is complex albeit to no great effect. At the beginning simplicity reigns as is implied by the second law of thermodynamics - entropy or disorder had to be at a minimum from which it has increased over time to its present day level. This fact is reflected in current Big Bang theory where it is postulated that at Planck times all symmetry was unbroken and the colour force binding quarks, the strong force of the nucleus, the weak force of radioactive decay, the electromagnetic force and the force of gravity were all one. The number of different members of the set of life was at a minimum. When you have few members the rules of interaction can be very simple. It is possible that the rules of the universe could be written on the back of a postage stamp. It is the evolution over thousands of millions of years that has led to the incredible beauty and complexity of life on earth and the wondrous backdrop of the heavens.
Is such complexity possible from such simple beginnings? We have only to look at nature to see examples. Biological growth appears to be quite complex but can be modelled by quite simple cellular automata whose evolution is determined by the simplest of rules. The whorly skeletons of shellfish display the same capacity to be modelled by very simple cellular automata rules. The rules could be as simple as a sequence of instructions containing such trivial statements as - replace white cell by a black and white cell. These trivial rules can, surprisingly, generate quite complex behaviour when repeated billions of times. There is no way of predicting by a mathematical model what the billionth array of cells will be like - each step must be passed through. It is computationally irreducible. Nature is computationally irreducible but science has not accepted this. It brings us back to wholeness. Nature must be looked at in its entirety. We cannot short-circuit its complexity. Rather we must accept it.
Had computers been around for Descartes and Newton the differential calculus would not have been invented. It was introduced as a way of dealing with the necessary locality of analysis that was needed to work out the dynamical laws that were being derived. The calculus put science on a wayward track even though it led to great forward strides at the time. It introduced the paradigm of looking at the particular rather than the whole and it has driven science in that mould since. In focusing on the small or  the deconstructed, the bigger picture was lost. Modern computers can model a wave function much better than the second order partial differential equations of science. Better still powerful computer technology does not need to short circuit or model through vast portions of complex systems. Supercomputers can now go through each step sequentially and can open up the history of complex systems we see before us in our present epoch. If that history can, in the future, trace back to the very beginning then it may reveal the simple laws that underpin all of the cosmos and perhaps of life itself.

All that is so far removed from the elegant grace of the small tern gliding on a waft of warm air at the base of the limestone cliffs. I can just make out its slender head and bayonet-like beak. I know that all the mathematical formulae in the world could not create such beauty, no matter how many supercomputers worked on the job. This was the supreme mystery - the huge gulf between man's sense of knowledge of nature and what nature creates so effortlessly.

Having finished my modest meal I felt very energetic and set off down to the sea at a fast pace. By the time I had reached the water's edge I was sweating and the dive into the cold sea was cleansing and refreshing. The pain of the water on my skin was incredibly vital. It not alone washed my body but blanked my mind to all but the water. I stroked my way out from the rocky shore and having had a good workout turned on my back and relaxed. I was enjoying the feeling of weightlessness and of having been enfolded into this primal liquid that had been the source of first life. We grow in our mother's womb surrounded by water. How little we remember of that long nine months of contented life. But what life is it? Since we have no memory we cannot have perception except a primitive instantaneous reaction to external stimuli. We are that blank slate that contains the program of life but a program that has not yet booted up.
I close my eyes and strain my memory to see how far back in time I can go. At best I can remember back to when I was two or three. The first years of my life along with the time in the womb are a complete blank. Why has my memory refused to record those glorious first few moments of life? Maybe it hadn't the ability to record because I had no language in which to store events or feelings. The learning of speech seems to be a prerequisite for memory. The foetus can't record the womb experience because the brain does not record feelings - it seems to prefer word associations. Even now I find it hard to recall precise feelings about emotive events but I can say how I was feeling. I was sad, angry or happy. It's the word that comes back to mind not a reliving of the experience.
So if a foetus can't recall from a memory because it hasn't any words, does it matter that we so readily abort them? Morals were never my strong point. The moralistic person must take a strong polar stance denying to others their right to determine their own actions. Yet the moral person is the basis of all society, so morality has to be addressed no matter how inconvenient. I think that all people, moral or otherwise, would feel that aborting a foetus is not something desirable. The modern dilemma is the associated necessity of abortion within the broader social context. That the foetus has no memory is at least of consolation to those who choose that route. But no memory does not mean no sensation. Perception may be missing but sensation is there, instantaneous though it may be. Perhaps there is some other form of memory outside of that associated with the brain. The body as an organism can have a primitive memory. The body's allergic response to certain substances is such a memory.
None of these things help define at what point a new life is born. Conventionally it was taken to be the moment the child exits the womb but with advancing science this moment can take place earlier and earlier in the gestation period. Ultimately total ex-utera babies will be possible making the point of life the moment of fertilisation. There is a major moral problem looming. But I am more concerned with the philosophical question as to when a being exists - when does the conscious and unconscious mind boot up? Because this is a very special moment in time when another Big Bang-like event occurs, if you take that each person may live in a solipsistic universe. What are the processes that lead to the turning on of cognitive life in the foetus or in the ex-uterine baby? Science has no answers for this most special of moments. It cannot even agree on when it happens. Undoubtedly it is linked to brain and nerve development but at what point the brain takes over the functioning of the organism is still a mystery.
Maybe there is no special moment but rather a gradual take over just as the memory only kicks in slowly with speech definition. As the foetus develops, the various organs develop and are built up in stages. Then like a commissioning stage in an industrial plant, each organ checks its functioning and its communication lines with the nervous system and the brain. The early life of the organism is not independent but is working towards it, frenetically testing and commissioning all the various parts and then when all have passed minimum requirements and when the organism is cut off from the life protecting mother, they all crash into operation. The early independent life of the organism is crazy with each new system running itself in. This takes all the capacity of the young brain initially, leaving little room for processing sensations other than the requirement for food to power all the organ functions. As things settle down the organism becomes more aware of its environment and of its place in it. It gets the first impression of its own special place in the environment - the first inklings of self awareness set in. The world is a simple place of me and not me. The person has been truly born. Yet there is no need to say exactly when the person was born because the birth is spread over time - different elements developing at different times. A person doesn't become a person in an instant but like all living things grows as the systems, of which he is made of, grow. 
There are two well defined instants in a person's being - fertilisation of ovum by sperm and the moment of death. The first instant represents a continuum with the past. The parents genes are passed on and become the template for new life. At death there is no continuum. The body obeys the second law of thermodynamics and decays into a higher state of entropy - dust or ashes.
If we take the model of life creation as a template for the origin of all things, are there any parallels of enlightenment? The Big Bang may be part of a continuum but there is no evidence of a duality of forebears other than in the increasing simplicity of the Planck-scale early universe. Could there just be two primal particles at the super high temperatures of the early universe of grand theory of everything? Could these particles represent a continuum from other universes being the seeds left from these parallel worlds? Could the nature of these seeds have the complete laws of reality embedded in them, from which our cosmos would evolve and ultimately give rise to life on earth? Is sexual reproduction a fundamental of our universe or just a chance earth evolutionary success?
When considering the physical world of substance we tend to get embroiled in physics and mathematics but we live in a biological world. Our very being is bio-oriented. Yet we tend to ignore the bio world when we try to comes to terms with reality. Reality is likely to be more biologically based than physically based. Physics and chemistry have already been united by modern particle theory. The unification with biology may well be a more important step in explaining consciousness and therewith how we see the world. How we see the world very much coincides with how we explain the world. Our observations of reality are theory laden. We must be critical of the theory if we want to perceive objective reality.
But is this new complicated quantum theory leading us up the garden path? I have struggled to come to terms with its mathematical and physical complexity. I have had to change my mind-set from the classical world where I can see and touch reality and replace it with a postulated world that I can never hope to actually see with my eyes or touch with my hands. All I am left with are second hand interpretations - lines on a photoplate from a cloud chamber, interference patterns, measurements of position or momentum. They are ghosts of the hidden reality. It may be that we have evolved only to see the classical world. Our evolution into the future must equip us for the quantum world. We have only had computers for several decades and yet they seem so normal to young children who take to them without question. The mind-set of the modern child accepts such wonders as television, mobile communications, giga storage personal music devices. In the sixties, the number of electrons in a transistor ( the heart of the computing of an electronic device) was in the order of many millions. Now the number can be counted in the hundreds. Nanotechnology will be an accepted part of the world for the current and future generations. This is incredibly important because information is physical. It has mass and it consumes energy. Before it was the mass of books and the energy used to print and bind them, now it is the ever decreasing-in-size transistor and the energy to store vast arrays of data. In the future the information store will be so vast that data banks will be the greatest energy consumers on the planet. It is possible that there will not be enough energy on the planet to satisfy the demands of information generation.
Because of Moore's law that the number of transistors on a chip doubles every eighteen months, the separation between transistors is rapidly approaching quantum dimensions. The next leap of technology will probably be quantum computing making use of quantum behaviour such as superposition, interference and entanglement. Quantum computing may mean that complex computations may be performed with the aid of parallel universes - the additional computation being worked out in many parallel multiverses! The size of our universe places an upper limit on the size of any simultaneous computation. There are about ten to the power of eighty atoms in the observable universe yet a certain algorithm called the Shor's algorithm demands ten to the power of five hundred operations. Quantum computation may help humankind discover a whole new sea of information that hitherto had remained unnavigable and uncharted.  A young person starting from such a mindset may not be shackled by the classical blinkers of the past and present. He will see with new enquiring eyes and his understanding will far outstrip the our current limited efforts.
Stars Trek made the idea of beaming matter over distance a daily occurrence on television. Quantum theory demonstrated that the idea was not that mad after all. Quantum teleportation has already been carried out over short distances but it is information that is being transported. The teletransportation of a human being would take more than ten billions years in classical terms. Quantum computing may make this a more realistic possibility in the distant future.
In a way the survival of the species depends on the development on teleportation at speeds greater than the speed of light. The vast distances of the cosmos mean that they are forever beyond us with such a speed limitation. When the energy supplies of our solar system run out for us, we may be forced to set off for the nearest solar system suitable for life. Without something like teleportation we will not make it.

These thoughts had raced through my mind. So caught up in them had I been, that I didn't notice the sudden change in the weather. A dark menacing cloud had appeared over the sea and was slowly making its way landward. I felt the electricity on the air and immediately grabbed my clothes. I had just finished dressing when I felt the first drops, heavy and warm on my skin. I thought of making a dash for the tent but I knew there was no time. Best to make for the old shed that had already provided shelter during the last downpour. I ran across the stones that were now showing dark spots of wet from the big droplets that were falling now ever heavier. I made it to the shed just as the heavens opened. I was breathless but delighted to have avoided the worst of the rain.
I rubbed the drops from my brow and suddenly realised I was not alone. From the murky corner I made out a familiar figure. She did not move or make an effort to come forward and I was unsure whether to acknowledge her presence or just flee out into the downpour. Why did I want to flee? Perhaps I had a premonition of something bad coming my way in the future. Just as I thought this a large crow flew in a low trajectory across the opening of the old ruin. A crazy superstitious fear arose in my mind. The crow or was it a raven could be an omen. I pulled myself together and laughed internally at my stupidity. I, of all people was not one to believe in such rubbish. I had to confront her.
'We meet again.' I tried to make my voice sound normal but I had a strange sense of anxiety in my chest and had trouble regulating my breathing. Instead I almost panted out the words. 'I guess this can't be just coincidence. Can It?' I asked.
'We can contrive coincidence,' she responded from the dark. Once again I was struck by the quality of her tones. 'I am curious about you,' she continued. 'From the first time I saw you I could see your ghost - almost like a parallel image. You see I've always had this power - to see beyond, to see..' She hesitated and then went silent as if she'd said enough.
'My ghost, but I'm not dead!' I laughed nervously. 'Surely you have to be dead to have a ghost.'
'This ghost had come from the past. Ghosts always come from the past. When you are dead your ghost will be from the past - your current life. We carry the past with us - not just the personal past but the past of our family, our tribe, our culture. That is the ghost that sits on our shoulder as we travel through this sad life. We are shackled to the past. It is our ball and chain. The future is our freedom but in coming, it becomes our past. The ghost is always with us.'
'I'm afraid I have to say that I find all this talk of ghosts a bit risible.' I was uncomfortable to be party to such a weird conversation. This woman was obviously a bit mad. 'Do you see ghosts everyday then?' I asked mockingly.
'No,' she replied calmly. 'This is only the second time.'
I wanted to ask her about the other time but felt it would be wrong to humour her eccentricity. I searched vainly for a way to change the subject but she seemed to want to say something to me. She had emerged from the shadows and now was standing in front of me. She reached out her hand and beckoned me to sit down on some stones, the remnants of an old wall. I followed her behest even though the saner part of me still wanted to flee. She sat opposite me, her hands clasped in an earnest, serious manner. For an instant, I was struck by her beauty which had an elegant maturity of good aging She was still wearing jeans and the neat curve of her figure was accentuated by the tight fitting denim. Her hair, pulled back into a pony tail, revealed intense blue eyes that stared fixedly into mine.
'I think you should leave the island as soon as possible,' she said the words slowly, deliberately. 'The portents are not good. There may still be time to escape.'
'Escape what?' I almost shouted in exasperation at her now definite madness. Was she some paranoid woman driven out of her mind by the loneliness of the island? I imagined that the long dreary winter months would be a test for even the most strong-willed local, least of all for a seemingly cultured woman like this.
'Escape the island and its life-sucking clutches. Escape certain death.' Her voice had become hard and bitter. Her eyes had tears and she started to cry. The sobs were quiet and I placed a consoling hand on her shoulder. She fell into my arms and lets her tears flow. I hugged her and she responded by suddenly raising her head and looking imploringly into my eyes. I was trapped in a strange world still knowing I should flee this mad woman and yet driven by a crazy sexual desire to kiss her. My lips touched hers and there was a deep sigh as she suddenly visibly relaxed. Her body melted into my arms and as light as a feather I lifted her up and carried her into the shadows.

Afterwards we were both covered in sweat. She from passion and me, from the sudden terror of what I had gotten involved in. She lay there semi-clothed and I had the wild fear of being caught with her. I quickly tidied my own clothes and got up.
'I have to go.' I made my excuses.
'You can never go now,' she replied cryptically.
'What do you mean?' Again my voice raised a fraction under a shout. I knew that I had made a terrible mistake. There could be only one course for me and that was to flee.
'Don't worry, there's no point in worrying over things you've no control of. I realised that a long time ago. Just give in to the island. Give in to your hopeless situation. Still we can have a good time while it lasts. Can't we Dave?'
I shivered at her using my name. I had been very careful in protecting my anonymity. How had she learned who I was? It could only have been from Maria.
'Do you know Maria?' I asked.
'Yes, I met your little lover. I saw you two in the water. You thought you were alone. No-one is alone on this island. Not even us at this moment.'
I was startled at this contention. I had felt that I had been very discreet in my dealings with Maria. How could she have spotted us? Is there someone looking at us now? I quickly scanned the old ruin for evidence but there was only the gloomy corners and the rain coming down even more heavily outside. I cursed myself and my lack of self control. I knew I should have avoided this queer woman like the plague but I had been easily bought and sold by her sexual allure.
'I guess I should know your name.' My voice was defeated. I had no more fight.
'Molly.'
The name struck me like a thunderbolt. What a sheer coincidence! I felt the knot of the island tightening around me even more. But the little bit of manliness left in me made me bear up. I needed to take more control of the situation. I was being dragged into the superstitious world of this mad person with whom I'd been foolish enough to get intimately involved.
'Well, Molly I think that we made a bit of a mistake here. We both had gotten carried away. There's no harm done. We should just park it and it would be better for each of us not to have any future contact. I'm sure your husband or partner or whatever he is, wouldn't be too pleased. Let's limit the damage and get on with it.' I was being hopeful that she would agree and this potential nightmare would cease and the normality of morning wake up before me. But I knew by her tone of voice that no such scenario was on her agenda.
'But Dave, we can't undo what has happened. Like it or not our paths have inextricably crossed. My husband does not come into it. This is our little secret. Let's just enjoy it.'
So she was married to him. I shuddered to think of what might happen if he were to suddenly come upon us here. His wife still semi-clothed, lying in the dark corner talking to a stranger. I wanted her to cover her breasts. They no longer held any desire for me. I never wanted to see her nakedness again. I never wanted to see her again but I knew, that short of leaving the island immediately, that meeting her was inevitable no matter how much I tried to avoid it.
The rain had eased and was now just a fine mist. The sky had a great rainbow arcing across the entrance to the ruin. The world took on technicolour hues. It was mocking the greys and blues of my feelings which had the cloak of anxiety shrouded over them. Regret is only ever felt after the event. It is a fury with time that refuses to unwind. It is the rigid certainty of the past that refuses to evaporate. It is the knowledge of the future that will always look back with distaste. The inability to correct it instantaneously is what drives one almost insane. I am powerless in its grim shadow. I had to regain control.
'Okay,' I said assuming authority and ownership for my actions. 'Let's get dressed shall we? We can discuss this another time. The rain has stopped. I suggest you leave first and I'll wait a while before making my exit. We don't want to create suspicion.'
'You don't want more?' Molly had opened her legs a little. I felt sick at the thought and just wanted to shout at her to get out, but better counsel prevailed. I had to humour her - not get her riled. Her behaviour was not ever going to be rational. I had to be extremely careful.
'Come on!' I pulled her up. 'Let's get those jeans back on.' My voice had lost the authority and was more beseeching. She laughed and broke away from my hold and started to dance a crazed waltz around the stones. She held out her arms as if been led by a phantom lover. I closed my eyes to shut out this mad scene and tried to think of being back in a sane world. I felt my hands clutch at my head in a type of despair. I wanted to scream in desperation.
'What's wrong little Dave?' Molly taunted. 'Can you not get it up again? Are you suffering from manly problems? I can help, you know.' She reached with her hand towards my crotch but I caught it just in time and swung it away violently. She fell backwards and slipped over some loose stones. For a moment I felt that the sight of her spread-eagled nakedness on the ground with the doorway and fading rainbow as backdrop was a scene from a bizarre farce and I wanted to wildly laugh. But only for the briefest of moments because the words that uttered from her mouth quickly restored my horror.
'Oh you big man. You like to throw little girls about. Come on throw your weight on top of me, if you're a man.' She was taunting as if she was looking for it. Nausea rose within me. I had to flee. I turned on my heels and ran out. I kept going not knowing where I was heading. I ran as if running could erase her from my memory, obliterate her from my history, deny her very existence. I ran until my legs gave out and then I collapsed onto the wet ground. I let my face touch the earth. I wanted to dig a hole and disappear.
The evening sun was fading when I finally got back to the camp. There was no sign on the calm evening sky of the turbulent upheavals of the afternoon cloudburst. But my inner turbulence had not eased. I had a sinking feel deep in my chest as if I was drowning in a sea of hopelessness and despair. I cursed my ill fortune and lack of personal control. I was working myself up into a frenzy and knew I had to regain control. I sat outside in a rigid squat posture, facing the sunset. I tried breathing slowly and calmly. Time to take stock. I had been on the island for a matter of days and already my life was chaos. I had come seeking enlightenment and was finding darkness. Perhaps the island was not the place for me. I had fled the city and the urban life to expressly find the space to contemplate on the more important things in life. I had not suspected that life would throw these dramas at me, to distract from the greater agenda of finding reason. I had ignored that you cannot escape real objectivity. Anyone denying objectivity could place themselves in my shoes at that moment and feel the nausea of the very real events that had happened that very afternoon. They had not happened in a parallel universe or in another dimension. They were real events in my life and if I had the opportunity to escape them I would with the greatest haste.
I thought of the lofty thoughts on existence I had perused that very morning. How inconsequential it all seemed, now that I was mired in a dirty drama. Man is driven by the daily drama and not by intellectual dialectic. The impact of the intellect on everyday life is minuscule. There are great dramas unfolding every second throughout the living world. At this very moment, there are millions of animals with their teeth in the throats of other animals who are squealing in utter terror. That is a reality - objective or otherwise and to deny it is philosophical rubbish. I can no more deny my own present internal pain. Philosophy is of no use when you are suffering. Suffering is the ball and chain of the living. There is not one living organism that goes through life without suffering. 
Yet does the cosmos need suffering? Of what value is my present nausea to my existence in the cosmos. When science looks at the grander scale of things, it seeks out symmetry and there finds hidden a general law. Is there a hidden symmetry of suffering and joy? Human history suggests that it is totally anti-symmetric. The store of human misery far outweighs the far rarer joys. Why should there be this imbalance? What are the underlying conservation laws. Could I postulate that we feel joy in direct proportion to pain. If that were so we would be as often happy as sad. This is not what life tells us. The human condition is one of continual misery. So there is a weight applied to any return of happiness we are lucky enough to experience in life. Maybe happiness and pain are mutually independent. But if they were, they should in probability occur in equal measure. The fact that they don't suggests another correspondence principle is in operation. The origins of unhappiness are different and independent to those of joy. Unhappiness may follow a law similar to the second law of thermodynamics where the net store of unhappiness in the living world must always increase, just like entropy always increases. Maybe unhappiness is living entropy. That things break apart and die is natural to the material world. The mental world tries to have cohesion. This is achieved by education, cultural advancement, the arts, music - all of which require massive energy and resource inputs just as in local entropy reduction in the material world. In fact living organisms are like machines that extract low entropy from their environment. Humans are more elaborate in that they extract it from the environment and also from each other in the form of historic knowledge. When the human is lowering his net store of entropy or the same thing, increasing order - when he is creating, building up - he is happy. He sets up cultural norms, religions, political philosophies, that all lead to a greater sense of happiness. When there are attacks on these norms the human feels pain, as in wars, persecutions and revolutions. At the more personal level, the human sets up his own local norms out of which his happiness flows. His family, his work or his social life all bring a sense of happiness. He must work to create all these local environments and if he lets up or fails in any way, happiness suffers. If his family breaks up there is pain all round. If he loses his job or is ostracised from the community, there is pain. Happiness like pain is largely the outcome of the individuals efforts to maintain a low entropy environment - one of good order not chaos. The efforts made to maintain this state are those largely associated with moral effort. The ability to be able to put off current pleasures for greater future good, is the main weapon of the moral person. The child who loves to play computer games at the expense of learning to play a musical instrument, is in effect laying the seeds of future unhappiness. The child who sticks it out on the piano or guitar can look forward to a life time of elevation from playing and enjoying music.
If this afternoon I had been able to resist the instant gratification of freely offered intimacy, I would not be feeling like this now. That is a stark realisation. Pain is the loss of the happiness state that is the ordered state of all living organisms. The two are complementary but not necessarily equal. The more of one you have, the less of the other you feel. Happiness does not come as a given but like low entropy must be extracted with effort from the environment. The more we put in the more we get out. The hedonist can never be happy because he puts nothing in, when satisfaction is freely available.
But bad health can strike arbitrarily and happiness is duly affected. Ill health is another example of increasing entropy. The body as an organism needs energy to maintain the order of its systems. Good health consists of the body taking in the precise form of energy required by the various systems to maintain function. Too much or the wrong kind can lead to breakdown of the system with an attendant increase in entropy. Cancer is the typical example for entropy increase bringing unhealth with its uncontrolled increase in cell production. Health is good balance of all the systems of the entire organism and again is largely dependent on the ability of the organism to control ingestion of the correct energy types. So when ill-health occurs it is mostly lifestyle associated and can, like happiness, be related to a sense of moral control.

I thought of the afternoon and the revulsion I felt after the intimacy. I felt all the worse because the fault lay wholly with me. As far as I could make out, Molly was unbalanced mentally. She was not responsible for her actions being mentally unstable. Insanity is just another form of ill-health but its origins don't neatly fit in with lifestyle as does physical health. It is more likely to be genetically based and thus more of a lottery than ordinary health events. The person born with mental ill-health could be conceived as living with the legacy of past generations. There is  a sense of karma here but only over long periods of evolutionary time. Our actions can affect the happiness of future generations. If I choose to marry my first cousin, the impact may only occur many generations hence. We do suffer for the sins of our parents. There was substance to the concept of Roman Catholic original sin. There may even be substance to the concept of sin - the breaking of a law that will lead to unhappiness.
Reasoning like this did nothing to allay my distaste and nausea at the events of the afternoon. There was also the fear of what might happen as a result. I had unlocked a chain of events over which I had no control and that was likely to rebound on me in many unforeseen and dangerous ways. I had at the back of my mind a rising sense of fear and foreboding.

The sun had gone down and I felt a chill come over me. I retreated into the tent and closed the flap. Inside I felt cosier, protected from the vicissitudes of an uncertain world. I cuddled up in my sleeping bag and the warmth was calming. My mind was still churning over with regret and self recrimination but at least my physical state was comforting. I can control the environment of my body but have little or no control over my mind. It seems to be able to set the agenda of its own accord. Who is in control here? There seems to be two wills in the one body. The conscious one, that I identify with me, is the one struggling to forget the unsavoury and upsetting experience. There is another will that refuses to take direction from the real me. It acts as if it has to keep throwing up the issues that I want to suppress. I say to myself that I am going to think of pleasant things and within moments the bad one presents the undesirable before my mind. My mind is the mere playground of these two disparate forces. What is the agenda of the non-me will? Why does it insist on making me uncomfortable and ill at ease? It too should be working for the entire organism that is me - to make the physical and psychological environment as comfortable as possible.
I know that time eventually allows the non-me to settle down and the unwelcome thoughts fade into insignificance. Time in a sense heals the rift between the me and non-me. How is this done? Is the constant recurrence of a bad feeling generating a sense of contempt in the real me? The first time I see something bad I feel shocked but if the experience recurs often enough, the shock turns to apathy and acceptance. I become immune to the association. The real me has this defensive reserve guard, else it would exist in a state of perpetual anxiety and could not function. That still does not explain why the non-me perpetually subverts the overall will of the organism. It is better for the organism to be able to shut out bad feelings. 
Maybe it is not a special non-me that exists here but simply a memory system that functions in a mechanical fashion. The memory brings forth data in a robotic fashion according to set rules. These rules relate to time and order but also to magnitude. A memory is not set down as a picture as on a screen. It is much more. The memory remembers not only form and colour of the exterior, but also the form and colour of the interior. It is this internal impact that lends importance to a memory. Associated with the external event there is the entire reaction of the nervous system of the body including conscious and unconscious reactions. A seemingly trivial external event can have profound internal impact and remain long in the memory. The memory's value system will ensure that the event is kept to the fore in the conscious mind. If the event is undesirable it is not that the memory is being defiant in making me relive it. It is just the way the memory is designed to behave. It must keep stressful memories to the fore until the organism has resolved the situation and dealt with the issue. It is a matter of survival. 
If I saw a lion and was petrified with a nauseating fear, it makes sense that that fear be kept uppermost in my memory for a long time. The reason for the lion's appearance may exist for a long time and he is likely to reappear. Having the constant memory of the fear makes me constantly alert - it is a survival mechanism. The memory stays in direct proportion to the impact of the original experience and will fade eventually if a lion fails to reappear and the danger is therefore adjudged to have receded.
So I am not able to fight my non-me which insists on me reliving the events of the afternoon. The fact that I had an active choice in avoiding the events makes the memory all the more important for the non-me self. That choice is still there and I can make the same mistake again. The non-me is making sure that this does not recur. The non-me is really on my side and not tormenting me with repetitious replays of an ugly experience. This thought comforted me somewhat and my mind began to relax a little. The thoughts were still there but now that I knew why they were plaguing me, it made them endurable. I was able to tease them out and understand how I had gotten into the mess.
The allure of the sexual was always such a strong force in my life. It is written in an indelible code on my brain. The genes driving it are very strong. In a way it is the most important thing in life but we don't recognise it as such. The old clich? about the male thinking of sex every ten seconds is not far off the mark. He can't be blamed for this as he is a hard-wired sex machine. All civilisations and societies recognise this drive and try to control it through social structures, religion and law. Once again there is an asymmetric imbalance in the way men and women view sex. If women had the same drive as men total chaos would ensue and the traditional constraints would be unworkable. The respective drives are complementary and work in the broad domain for each other. The actual desire for sex is perhaps equal for both sexes but the psychological background required for each is different. The male can accept any psychological background for sex. He is quite happy to have sex with prostitutes where the psychological contract is very shabby and demeaning. Female use of prostitutes is a rarity suggesting that they have higher values when it comes to psychological contracts. It is this that makes the differing responses complementary and self fulfilling. If the female wants a good psychological contract then the male must tune in to that requirement. This mediation is what pulls the male back from being an animal in following his sexual desires.
This afternoon the psychological contract was not there on either side. For me, I was acting like the unfettered male presented with a weak contract requirement. Molly, in her almost insane behaviour, was not presenting the normal psychological contract. What happened was therefore demeaning to both of us but more so for me. Had she been a prostitute I don't think I would have had any remorse. I could hand across the money as contracted and walk away. But there was no money to hand across here. I had been presented with free sex and had lapped it up thinking there were no strings attached. But there are always strings attached. With Maria, this was not an issue, because our psychological contract was good. I did not want to run away after sex with Maria. I would willingly have let her stay with me, developed our relationship. She had not demanded this because for her the timing was not right but the fact that she could was part of our psychological contract.
I should feel sorry for Molly. She is obviously unwell in her mind. Her behaviour is not of her own doing. The loneliness of the island and the narrow-mindedness of the locals may have been too much for her more urbane make-up. She may have been trapped here and the despair had unhinged her. I was surmising, trying to develop positive thoughts about her. If I can feel more positive about her then the whole business might not have that nauseating feel to it.
It is the lack of control of the situation that is most distressing. If you get into a ring to fight a madman it is different to fighting a trained boxer. The madman is as likely to bite your ear as use his fists. There are no rules and when there are no rules you cannot foresee the dangers. You are exposed to all eventualities. You become fretful and anxious.
My anxiety had risen again. My memory was throwing up the images again. I tried slow breathing as a way to control my feelings but to no avail. My mind was alert. My eyes and ears were alert. I was in a complete state of alertness. I felt my heart beating louder in my chest. I checked my pulse and was satisfied that it was normal. I've got to sleep. Try to sleep - I cajoled my mind - try to sleep.

Waking up after a dreamless night is like opening the window on a new world. The baggage of the old is left behind and the view is refreshing. The sleep had cleansed my angst from its crisis level. The clear light of the dawn over the sea, as I unzipped the flap, was revitalising and filled me with courage. I felt emotionally stronger and the memory of the previous afternoon had already taken on a more manageable demeanour. I stretched upright, standing on the cliff face and let the early light flow over my face. The world was not as unfriendly after all. It was beautiful, full and alive. I wanted to shout in determined defiance. Chance events were not going to defeat me. I was made of sterner stuff than that. A crazy woman was not going to be my undoing. I would deal with what came my way from a position of personal strength. If she knows I am strong she will back off. At least that was my new hope. The first doubt of day had set in. My memory began to flood my mind with her taunting words. I fought them and tried to cast them from me but to no avail.
I need to do something physical. The sheer physical effort will rid me of the returning negativity. I ran down from the cliff as fast as my legs could carry me. The concentration to keep my balance and the strain on my lungs and muscles swamped my mind. I had to keep running. I passed the old ruin and I felt an emptiness in my stomach. Fear is like a hunger. It is an emptiness that resides somewhere within you. You cannot avoid it. The running had to cease. I had reached my physical limit. I bent over panting on the roadway. I sat on a wall and put my hands over my head in despair. This see-saw emotion was draining. One moment false elation, then real despair. I had to do something. I had to confront my demons.
I knew I couldn't undo the past. The past is gone forever. This crazy notion of a continuous spacetime with both space and time symmetric is all rubbish. If it were true, there would be a way to undo yesterday but I am certain that in my real world there is no such spacetime travel. All spacetime travel is in the future direction. It has to be, because all that really exists is the present. The future has not yet come to pass. The future will be the present. All that remains of the events of yesterday are the memories of two people and perhaps some imprints on the soil of an old floor. Then a horror struck me. There could be another remains of much greater significance! Molly was still young enough to conceive! I shivered at this new and even more frightening complication. The past carries life into the future. There was now a third potential player in this morbid tragedy.
I shivered at the thought of bringing a child into the world in such circumstances. What a poor hand the child will have been dealt - a crazy mother and an unstable parentage. Perhaps the poor child will have received the crazy genes of its mother and will not be of sound mind. What unhappiness will be visited on the luckless child, none of it, his own making. Sins of the father, bad karma.
I prayed that there was no conception. Again the sense of despair returned. I hated the lack of control the situation posed before me. I could handle direct issues no matter how bad but this quandary was completely beyond my influence now. The die had been cast and time would reveal the outcome, good or bad.
Strangely enough the same considerations could be applied to my tryst with Maria but I knew that she was in control of her sexuality. Even in the worst case that she had made an error, I could live with the consequences. I knew that Molly was a different case. Her sense of recklessness meant she threw caution to the wind. I knew deep down my fears were well grounded.
At times like this, the urge is to flee. I could easily have my things packed up and be on the next ferry out from the island. No-one knew who I was, other than a bare name. I could disappear into the mainland, never to be seen again. This course of action looked good at first glance. No great harm done. It would soon blow over for Molly. The chances are that she is not pregnant and with her unsound mind she'd quickly forget all about me. The past would shroud over everything and it would disappear from the spacetime record.
The fact that she was unstable made me check myself from immediately taking this, admittedly, cowardly course. If she took umbrage as undoubtedly she could, she might make spurious allegations about the event. She might contrive that she was raped. She had some bruises from when she fell backwards. That could be evidence of a struggle. It would be my word against hers. The nightmare deepened. I couldn't run away. It could be evidence of guilt. I had to stay and humour her as much as possible. Then bide my time and leave with as little fuss as possible. The thought of being accused of rape made the prospect of pregnancy seem a much smaller problem. I now began to feel that leaving her, even if she were carrying my child, was a real option.
My child? I had no children. Sorcha and I never managed to start a family. It might have saved us. I had often since felt that I was missing out on not having children. At times I felt an intense loneliness, that I was living my life alone, without the intense love that I knew I'd had for my own parents. At times I was grieving for the children I'd never had or never would have. I would die a lonely old man - unloved by anyone. I thought to myself that even now I lived in a love desert. There was no-one I could name who loved me. My parents were long dead. My siblings never really kept in touch and there was no real love there. In fact I couldn't think of a single person in the world whom I could claim to love. What a sorry person I am - a solitary unloved man in a loveless barren world! A deep wave of self pity flooded over me and I felt like crying. The tears welled in my eyes but didn't flow. My heart was too cold. I felt too remote from all feeling to let my inner sensibility as a person to come out. I was full of self loathing.
There are points in your life when you know that you have reached a turning point. The nadir, the trough, the minimum of the function. Tumbling towards that point you fall at a deterministic rate that propels you downward along the graph, until nature and the physical laws dictate that the absolute bottom, the functional minimum is met. And it is there, that nature and the laws throw a lifeline, because it is determined that after a minimum there must be a rise - a rise from the depression. The rate is infinitesimally slow at first but soon the dynamic takes over and the rate increases pulling you away from the pit and reaching off hopefully for a bright future. But there can be a false minimum where the function appears to bottom out but merely plays with you . The rate of change goes to zero giving you the impression that the bottom has been reached but instead of starting to increase the function continues on its downward spiral but at a slower rate of descent. The pain still exists but the increase in intensity is abated. The problem with the latter function is that there is no bottom - just an ever increasing pain to infinity. It is in such situations that utter despair sets in. I knew that I was at a transition point but did not know if it was a minimum or just a rate change point of inflexion. I had to believe that the future had hope. I had to claw my way back from depression. So I made a leap of faith and convinced myself that I had reached the bottom and that slowly, ever so slowly things would improve.
The memories kept replaying their terrible reality. Each re-run cementing the neural pathways of despair. I had to get my conscious thoughts to struggle with the unconscious rewinding of the film. The unconscious projector had to have its endless cycle interrupted. I vainly tried to push back, suppress the unsavoury, but each time I heard her taunting words. I imagined their threat. I sensed the real fear of being inescapably embroiled. I knew I had to take control and that the only way to do this was to physically confront the fear. Mental stratagems were powerless. I had to take action to bring about change and hopefully resolution. Otherwise my fears were running away with themselves and casting adrift me in a dark place, a place I yearned to avoid.

My heart was beating wildly as I approached the cottage. There was no sign of anyone being up but I determined to continue. I was going to face the music and force the future to happen. I knocked on the door and waited. There was no sound. I knocked again, only this time harder. As the door opened my face drained. Molly just stood there in her dressing gown. There was no surprise on her face, only a barely concealed contempt. I couldn't get out any words being locked in a petrified state. What had I landed myself in? I wanted to flee but my legs refused to move. I just stood there like a child caught in the act. She just stood there and waited. She was waiting for my first move but none was forthcoming. The silence was heavy and threatening. It bore down like the heaviest burden I had ever carried. It pressed me into the ground, making me want to sink without trace. I did not know what to say. I had not planned it and nothing was forthcoming. I just knew I needed to be here to find some resolution.
'So you're back for more.'
Her words were not what I'd expected and I wanted to scream that that was exactly what I was not here for. 
'No,' I half stuttered.
'Well, what do you want then?' Her tone was angry.
'Breakfast,' I answered in confusion. 'Yes, I want breakfast.' 
The seeming excuse was lame but at least it had some saving grace.
'Come in.' Molly ordered and opened the door fully. 'You're lucky my husband is still away or you might be staring down the barrel of a gun just then, calling at this ungodly hour.'
Her words had the desired effect, making me shiver and chastise myself further for having undertaken this foolish precipitate folly. I sat down and tried to not look at her now loathsome body. She just stood before me and laughed maniacally. With a whip of her hand she had undone her dressing gown and was standing there naked. The sight of her white flesh in the dark room was like the worst of nightmares come true. I had to do something but as I rose, she pushed me back into my chair and stood aggressively over me.
'You don't seem to like me any more, my little Dave,' she chided. 'Perhaps you didn't enjoy our little bit of exercise. But practice does make perfect you know.'
I felt I was about to be raped but this was not a physical rape but a mental rape. She had power over me and was exercising it indiscriminately, almost with disdain. But she could never make me like her or lust for her. I had become immune to her physical beauty. It had been too polluted. It was now dirty, to be avoided. As she pushed herself on me, I knew I was being wronged. The physical movements were robotic and without emotion. I was a tired actor, playing a part I had not alone lost interest in but in fact loathed. The drama played out its sordid plot. There was no curtain call at the end. She lay there spent, unaware of my disgust.
How cruel fate is. It throws up scenarios that run not just against the grain but against all that is fair or just. I was locked in a common destiny with this mad woman. I needed to extricate myself but the more I tried, the more entangled I became.
She put back on her dressing gown and went out to the kitchen. I was tempted to get up and make a break for it but then my strategy would have been a complete fiasco. I waited silently, now and then staring out the small window to make sure no one was coming. Wild thoughts ran through my head. What if her husband came back suddenly? What if someone had seen me at her door? Lurid outcomes flashed before me and together with the immediacy of enforced physical contact, I felt like throwing up. The bile rose in my throat and I swallowed hard, my stomach burning.
After what seemed like an age, she returned with a tray of breakfast. She laid it out on the table before me and then sat down.
'Eat!' she commanded.
I was vaguely aware that I had not had any food in a long time but my appetite would not make me open my mouth. I poured a cup of tea and stared at it.
'You don't appreciate my cooking?' Her voice challenged me. It was only now that I noticed that she had dressed and was back in her denims. She looked more normal. Her hair had been done and she had put on some make-up. She would actually look pretty if I could exorcise the past. But the past painted her in a different, dangerous light.
'No, it's fine,' I replied. 'I'm just not hungry at the moment. Look, I ought to be going. Your husband might come back.'
'If he does both our gooses are cooked!' She laughed at the thought of it. 'He wouldn't take kindly to his wife being shagged by a stranger, would he? He's a suspicious man. You had better keep your distance from me for a while. Nothing goes unnoticed on this godforsaken island.'
Her tone had softened and there was a sense of mutual complicity that for the first time gave me a hint of hope. She was not quite oblivious to her husband's or the island's attitude.
'Yes, I agree,' I said. 'I think our little adventure was great but there's no future in it for either of us.' 
I lied with impunity knowing that she knew I was lying but that it served both our purposes equally. She would go along with it.
'I hadn't planned on this second encounter.' Her words were cryptic. 'But it may well have been necessary. Sometimes once is not enough.' 
Her tone had completely softened and had a trace of warmth and femininity. 
'I find it hard to keep up this charade,' she added more cryptically.
As I made for the door, I looked back and saw she was crying. There was now no sense of the maniacal but of the vulnerable and the weak. I stopped and almost felt like going back to offer comfort. I could feel her deep pain but didn't know what it was. As I felt sympathy, I felt a whole load lift from my shoulders. I realised that this person standing tearfully despondent before me, was not the threat that, in my moments of horror, I made her out to be. I was free. Elation coursed through me. Somehow my wild absurd impulse had led to a cleansing of my tormented mind. All my fears dissipated and vanished. I could get back to my life and my contemplation.

Back at the camp I made myself breakfast and ate it with a new found appetite. After I sat at the cliff edge and set about assessing where I was. The trip to the island was meant to be a personal journey. I was looking for enlightenment that would carry me into the twilight years of my life. I did not want to spend the rest of my days on this beautiful planet, in a state of denial and ignorance. The petty issues of everyday life had no appeal for me. I had lost interest in acquiring material things and in meaningless social interaction. The days of small talk and idle chat were gone. Time was now too precious. That did not mean that I frantically chased here and there to do things, but more that I relaxed and allowed my existence to flow forth at its own pace. I searched inwardly but also inwardly into the common human experience. It was in the vast accumulating store of human knowledge that I could best find meaning. Whatever little, if any, I could add to that great bank, would be my epitaph. It would be the worth of my existence. Far more than the memory of those who knew me or even loved me, the legacy of the mind lives beyond the body. To craft this legacy, was what I had set as my goal for the remaining years. 
Not that I felt I was about to die - not at all, I never felt healthier in my life. No it was because I had reached that point in life where I knew I was past the mid-point. Hereafter it was to the certain descent towards oblivion. This looming wall of nothingness was frightening and yet a challenge. By trying to see beyond it I was like the quantum particle tunnelling through the potential barrier. It was not possible yet it happens - albeit in very low probabilities.
I needed to assess how far I had gone along my chosen road. The choice of the island retreat had seemed a good idea. I would be alone. I was to cut myself off entirely from people and live off my own thoughts. I was to have endless time to think - to analyse and synthesize, dissect and relate. The learning of the previous few years was to be my substrate upon which the germs of enlightenment might flourish. My secret intention was to try to relate this vast body of knowledge to my own personal experience and prospect for the small gold nuggets of discovery. It is this discovery that expands humanity's overall knowledge of itself and its relation to its environment.
For too long philosophers tended to look inward and deny the influence of the environment - the locality of causal influences on the organism. More and more this causality is now deemed to be non-local and the significance of this has yet to be stitched in to philosophical dialectic. We look to language or metaphysics for the essence of our existence. I struggled to read the philosophers who invented a new dictionary of words to describe reality. They were based on metaphysics not on real experiment. I have placed my faith in real experiment, in real experience. I am not a positivist, logical or otherwise, but I am rational to the extent that all knowledge comes from an external objective world that exists with or without human intelligence. Modern quantum theories, that place the observer as the creator of reality when he makes a measurement, are following on the tradition of the earlier philosophers, who have created a metaphysic to model their personal sense of reality. The modern quantum physicist at least can boast that all current experiment supports his position and that is why I place more value on his particular paradigm of the world. Yet I can only go so far in agreeing with quantum theory that suggests an anthropological reason for the world being as it is. It places mankind at the centre of our particular universe and that just seems too inefficient. The size of the universe in terms of size and scale is too vast to exist solely for the evolution of life on a tiny blue insignificant planet. The complexity of life that has evolved on this planet in the last four to five billion years does not suggest that humanity is a necessary or even likely outcome. The anthropocentric view of reality and its antecedent philosophical forebears does not convince.
So if I have to reject the human-centred view of the world, I am forced to see the world as a complex place, where amongst other things intelligent life exists, at least in one small locale. This places my own existence in its proper context as being almost non-existent in both time and space. If my existence is so irrelevant, how do I conduct my moral actions in the local here and now. What are my constraints? What laws guide me? I look to knowledge of the physical laws of the world to guide me. Einstein showed that the laws on the cosmological scale are different only in the extreme margins from the local laws. There is curvature of space but it is evident only at cosmological distances. Locally we can ignore its existence. But the crucial thing is that the same laws apply. From this I take it that whatever laws govern the greater evolution of the universe, are also the laws covering the evolution of life. In the analysis of life evolution, we must look for the hidden curvature, that element of evolution that is hidden from us at our local scale, but which will materialise at the cosmic level. It is possible that the moral law is a physical law, maybe even the law of gravity. We accept that gravity puts constraints on our physical disposition, in its local form of making us stick to the surface of the earth - giving us weight, limiting our movement through friction. In effect gravity is the main constraint in the life of a human scale organism. We are prisoners of gravity.
But how could gravity lead to a moral law? At first glance it appears a cold and lifeless thing. Yet the essence of gravity is that it brings unity. It is a force that tries to bring together. It is this force that caused the vast clouds of primordial gases to coalesce and form galaxies. Within these swirling galaxies, suns sparkled into life under its influence. Gravity triggered the nuclear fusion within the suns that was the melting pot for the formation of elements. Gravity took the remains of exploding suns and cast them into agglomerations, we now call planets. Gravity helped the planets form a biosphere and eventually  the formation of organic molecules and later life.
With such an intrinsic involvement in the origins of life, it is not crazy to assume that gravity has a similar influence in the formation of human life. We can attribute our size to the fact that gravity puts restrictions on how much weight our skeletons can support. Even if we had bigger skeletons there is an upper limit to the size of all creatures. Eventually the skeleton reaches its limit and as with the dinosaurs the creature must take to the water.
From the earliest times the primitive human used the gravity of the stick with a stone on the end to create greater force. This force represented more power and with power comes use and abuse. It is not without reason that justice is seen as a balance with gravity the unseen operator. The history of humanity is a history of the oscillating power struggles of disparate groups. For most of our history this power has been mediated by gravitational influence. Human morality emanated from within power bases. It was the morality of the mighty that held sway for most of our history and perhaps even so today. The powerful must be obeyed. This rule applied both between societies and within societies.
But such a moral law was crude and societies who practised it, could soon displaced by those whose sense of justice, while still power based, was applied more broadly and evenly. Gravity applies to all things evenly regardless of mass - the feather falls at the same rate as the canon ball in a vacuum. But life isn't a vacuum and there is drag. This is what leads to imbalance in the application of justice. Some are stronger, some are bigger because the environment makes them that way. Strip away the environment and we are all made equal over time.
The gravitational analogy though tenuous gives us a feeling for how the moral laws under which we all operate may have a broader base than local human society. This is what religions have contended, positing a divine overseer. But the religious stance attempts to place the divine outside the laws, whereas the laws are just the laws and what evolves evolves in accordance with those laws. Science still has not decoded the laws that govern the universe and our reality within it. With the wild models of modern quantum theory, there is a sense that the end is nigh - that a theory of everything is at hand. This sort of reasoning is not rational. If knowledge accumulation has taught us anything, it should be that the well of reality is unfathomable. The more we learn, the more we realise there is to learn. It is as if learning just exposes how ignorant we are. It is a paradox - the more we see, the more complexity we see. The problem becomes greater rather than easier. At best we are learning the extent of the complexity but never getting to the core. 
This self-defeating nature of the problem makes one think that scientific and philosophical investigation is pointless. Yet the fall-out from the investigations, from the twentieth century alone, have led to major advances for humanity, along with some greater risks. Humanity is capable of destroying itself. The development of nuclear weapons technology may the be single most significant creation of science. The release of such unmitigated power has placed the greatest moral responsibility on the leaders of the modern world. It is the control of such powers that is the greatest risk for humanity. Global warming at its worst will never destroy life on the planet. Nuclear Armageddon can and may.
It may seem that the role of gravitational power has given way first to chemical power of gunpowder and then to atomic power of the big nuclear arsenals. But the unification of the theory of gravity and the quantum theory, into the grand theory of everything, may reveal that ultimately gravity is at the base of everything. All the major constants of physics: the fine structure constant, the electron/proton mass ratio, the weak interaction constant, the strong interaction constant - all pale into insignificance with the infinitesimally small gravitational constant which is of the astonishingly tiny value of ten to the power of minus thirty nine. The incredible sea of difference of scale between these shows that gravity must be infinitely more basic than any of the other forces, and that there must be infinitely more structure in reality in the vast expanses in between.
Einstein revealed to us how gravity acts on cosmic scales but it is the action at infinitesimal scales that may reveal how gravity controls all reality, and with it the infinitely small portion of it that we as human beings inhabit. Maybe like the hologram, each graviton contains within it the whole of reality. Gravitons coming together create mass at a local reality yet one which is linked to the whole universe, the linkage weakening the further into the cosmos the separation. The analogy of the hologram has a defining characteristic that may not apply to the universe or maybe it is the central point of the universe. The hologram is essentially a three dimensional picture. It reflects something that exists or has existed before. To say that gravitons have come together to form, say, a chair is a nonsense. But to say that the chair is a real object with a history that can be traced back in time and space to an ultimate coalescence of gravitons is not a nonsense. There are histories in space time for every atom of the chair each of which can be traced back to a primal genesis, perhaps in the Big Bang or in the ferment of the interior of some sun. That each atom has ended up making up the substance of the chair is like seeing the chair as a hologram. Each atom has the full picture of the chair, captured in its world history. Each was fated to be in this particular format or structure at this particular point in space and time. But that is not an end state. The chair may yet be broken and discarded to a dump, to decay organically. It may be put on a fire to be burned back to basic residuals. The atoms are never destroyed but continue on their world-line journey into the far off future. Like the hologram, is the whole world line history of each atom already traced out in spacetime according to physical laws not yet discovered and probably never discoverable. Because to discover these basic laws might allow us to change them and if something is ordained by laws, it by definition cannot be changed. If reality is deterministic, there is no hope of ever uncovering the basic laws that define it.
I too am like the chair, made of atoms. At conception I took some atoms from my father and added them to those of my mother. Then in accordance with the embedded instructions received from both parents, I started to take atoms from the environment. This was initially from my mother's body. These atoms originated in the many and varied food sources of my mother's diet. Some may have come from my uncle's ploughed potato fields. Others may have come from sunny Seville in the juicy oranges that were in those times a special treat. All came from the soil or from carbon fixed from the air - from mother earth. The earth got them from dispersed stellar dust in the galaxy. From the galaxy back in time to the Big Bang, my history is a long one with many twists and turns. It is continuous to that time over fourteen billion years ago when the atoms and their component parts were formed. They will continue after my death. I will be cremated and some soul will spread my ashes over the cliff edge and they will continue on their journey through the infinity of space time. On their holiday on planet earth, they may be lucky enough to be picked up and incorporated into another lifeform or even into another human. A partial rebirth for an infinitesimal component of my being. Billions of years from now they will leave the form earth and will travel out into the loneliness of high entropy space. Their ultimate fate being an infinite dispersal and aloneness. They will never reform or join up with others at the end of time. Their sojourn inside my body will be a mere trillionth of the complete time of their existence up to a dark cold eternity.
Is this extreme nihilism I ask myself. How can life be so pointless? How much more appealing is the infinity of time in the bright and happy presence of a deity who loves me? The appeal of religious belief gets its power from that scenario. It gives hope of a brighter future. I have to find positives in the picture of the future.
There is also something other than atoms that will live on beyond the cremation of my dead body. The tiny portion of my physical being that I might bequeath to my offspring is not really mine, as I inherited the genes from my own parents. I am only the bearer of these genes and my main function is to pass them on safely to new bearers. The real aspect, that is really mine, that will survive, is my thinking - in so far as it is of value and can be recorded. How long can it survive. The thinking of Pythagoras is still with us today, thousands of years after his demise. But that time is a mere blip in the fifteen or so billions of years of time past, not to mention the trillions of potential years into the future. It can only survive as long as intelligent life survives and that is likely to be less than a further six billions years, before the sun eventually burns out. The likelihood of the name of Pythagoras surviving infinitely is really zero because, in the cold infinity of high entropy oblivion, there can be no information. Information is a low entropy state that will be wiped out by the infinite expansion of the universe. So even my best efforts, to add to the human information store, are ultimately doomed to oblivion.
So why try? The clamour of nihilism is resounding. The logic however is faulty. We eat to stay alive but yet we know the body is bound to die. We eat because we are alive and to stay alive we must eat. Is there a similar imperative with knowledge. We acquire knowledge to help us in our lives and to maintain life on earth, we must acquire more knowledge. Already our knowledge of impending global warming may stave off total disaster for the human race. Our knowledge allows us to feed a world population that grows at an alarming rate. A rate that sees the world's teeming masses increase by over a quarter million souls a day. Our knowledge may eventually prolong the sojourn of intelligent life in the galaxy by developing interstellar space travel technology. Having the gift of life is enough reason to fight for it, even though we know we die ultimately, both as people and as intelligent species.
Science gets bad press, mainly from the court of philosophy which seems to act in judgement of all other disciplines. Karl Popper seemed to be on the side of science when he praised scientific theory as being capable of being falsified and therefore above metaphysics which exists in the realm of the unquantifiable and unverifiable. Metaphysics is therefore immune to critical appraisal. But it was the advent of the critical method that led to such great advances in science. A scientist could propose any hypothesis as long as it could be tested. The tests alone would objectively decide on the potential verity of the hypothesis. But Popper went to far in demanding that a whole theory should be falsifiable. The way science builds up knowledge is not in overthrowing the past but in modifying the past to take account of new knowledge. The Newtonian theory was enough and perfectly adequate to send man to the moon. However to send a spaceship to another galaxy the theory needs some marginal yet very significant modifications of general relativity and spacetime curvature. Relativity approximates at certain levels to Newton. Newton has not been falsified but has been extended in its domain of applicability by the greater accuracy of general relativity. The scientific method allows for falsifiability but doesn't demand complete overthrow.
Science and knowledge should not get an inferiority complex from philosophical critique. Modern scientists have enough to contend with in the many puzzles thrown up by quantum theory, than to be dealing with assertions like those of Kuhn who asserts that the store of knowledge never increases. Kuhn felt that, in science, a paradigm develops over time and becomes established. Scientists then spend their time working on the fringes of the paradigm, solving minor problems and developing technology. But eventually the paradigm is overthrown by another, based on a different metaphysic and the process continues with no real growth in knowledge. This cynical view is traded by philosophers who substitute no better paradigm in its place but rely on outdated metaphysics and language to delve into the meaning of reality. Feyerabend contended indeed that science was no better than any other metaphysic. These attitudes belie the significant strides made by science in the last century. Already in the twenty first century many new hypotheses are evolving and the spin off in terms of our understanding of our physical, biological and psychological environments will be revolutionary. For philosophy to cash in on this revolution it has to engage in the science at the level of expert and this is the main problem for philosophy into the future. It is becoming increasingly impossible to understand the scientific paradigm from without. Yet to become part of that strange and exciting world demands knowledge of mathematical science beyond the scope of most philosophy courses. Philosophy has to play catch-up with the ever accelerating world of knowledge.

I struggled with these thoughts that had now so easily supplanted my earlier emotional turmoil. I was where I wanted to be - in deep rumination on life and its meaning. I was in a hermetic mode and felt happy to be cut off, away from the everyday world. I resolved to stay put for as long as provisions allowed. I would become the lone ascetic sitting on a cliff edge, looking out at the great Atlantic ocean. I was a brother to those Irish monks who had populated remote corners of the western coast in search of havens. I imagined these havens not as centres of prayer but of knowledge. The ancient knowledge of civilisation, almost lost in the barbarous post Roman era, was fermenting away quietly in barren rocky outcrops on the wild Irish coast. This vision of learned monks, spending their days reading and transcribing the old texts, was a source of inspiration to me. They were prepared to devote their whole lives to a love of knowledge. I would happily devote the rest of my days to the same pursuit.
There was an essential difference though. They lived in communities of like minded people. I am living alone. I do not have the support of fellow thinkers to help engage in vibrant dialectic. The modern man is designed to be a loner. He is taught to think as an individual from the earliest moment. Independent thinking and action is valued highly in modern culture. We despise the average approach. Intellectual snobbery becomes a necessary appendage of intellectual achievement. The intellectual has become the elect, the high priest of society. To be lumped in with the norm, no matter how elevated the standard is, is a kiss of death to the modern thinker. Every intellectual must have a unique voice. There is no common intellectual community. Cultures become disparate. Culture becomes polluted. The all-pervasive Anglo-Saxon culture, emanating from the English speaking worlds, has not the usual marks of older culture such as that of France. It has no direction, no sense of taste or what is good. It flies off in ever greater populist directions, a slave of a market place that drives the common denominator of what is deemed art to ever lower levels. Relativism soon makes art of everything and it loses its meaning. The long histories, of the development of cultural norms of what is art, are thrown out. Only in the smaller island cultures does a sense of the past guide the future. French culture is still very pure and confident in itself. French cinema can still deal with reality in an artful way and be of value. American film cannot avoid the entertainment quotient demanded by the commercial market place and has descended more and more into non-art pop. Being popular is not a negative but having it as the sole aim, removes the work from the sphere of art. This debasing of art has a great impact on society. Art is posited by society as its response to the physical and emotional environment of the times. It hopes to capture the paradigm of the age. It reflects the values of the community. It is the mark of a healthy community - where openness, freedom, reflection and expression are valued.
Art more than philosophy can unfold the deep layers of reality and existence. Is it right to even compare them? Art is active. Philosophy is passive. Science is active too and may be a better bedfellow for art. The essence of both is a form of creativity. There is nothing unless it is physically present whether it is a film, painting or novel. It has to exist to be art. Science also has to have its realism, its experiments and technological innovation. What do philosophers posit, only words and theory? The words can be converted into books but the books try not to be beautiful or poetic but solely to lay out arguments - not a created unity.
Art and science approach reality from differing paradigms but with a common goal. The holy grail of understanding is what drives both. Philosophy too seeks the holy grail but does so from within the mind. Art and science explicate the contortions of the mental process into pieces of reality - the work of art or the experiment. This linkage of the two worlds is what sets them apart from philosophy. Philosophy's lack of engagement with the world of objects induces a mindset that can lead to all sorts of solipsistic views of existence. The artist knows that the mind cannot create art without material. The beautiful thought processes behind any piece of creativity are lost unless externalised in solid form. The solipsistic artist cannot really call himself an artist. He must allow his art to come forth and materialise. Art is creation. It is doing. It is externalising.
The relativist would leap in joy if that were all it took to create art. Everything would be art. But what sets a work of art apart, what gives it value, is the paradigm of the artist in creating the work. This paradigm is one where the artist is searching for essence. The artist digs deep into reality to decipher meaning. This meaning can be visual or aural. It has to be sensual. To be good art, the communication of meaning must translate to others. The translation need not be exact or even as intended but it must evoke a meaning in others. There has to be an engagement. The main difference with science is that its engagement must be exact. Science demands that the communication be as intended. Classical science delivered just that and in the classical period science and art were most apart. But modern science of quantum theory re-introduces the inexactitude of communication. Now different observers with different views see different things. The state wave function reduces to the state being looked for. Art and science have never been closer.
What can the artist tell the scientist? Can he lead him along more productive paths? Both look at the world with theory laden eyes. The artist has ideas of beauty, of aesthetics, form and texture. He sees the object as a subject. He internalises the object and pushes it through his artistic filters. The creation that emanates is not meant to be commonly held objectivity but a self coloured, self sculpted image, totally unique. It is like creating a new word. The work of art describes how he sees a particular corner of spacetime. The physical creation is his communication to the rest of mankind. The word is out. Guernica is a small place in Spain but it is also a word that has come to mean the horrors of war. To explain the meaning of the word could take an entire book so much emotion is packed into Picasso's painting. The power of the work is that it translates such emotions to so many people. This communication is so much more efficient than verbal or written communication. A two dimensional surface with line and planes and different colours has managed to get so much across. The secret is that each mark on the canvas does not have solely one meaning. Each combination of lines and shades does not have just one meaning. Picasso has managed to build in parallel meanings and the combinations run towards the infinite. An individual looking at the large canvas resolves his own meaning and response. Picasso would have made a good quantum theorist. He would be at home in the world of infinite superposed states.
It is not surprising that modern art has veered away from the direct representational. This would be too restrictive in terms of communication. To depict an object, say an apple, limits the modes of translation the more the apple is true to life. There is already a well defined word for an apple in society. By placing the apple in an environment and by changing or distorting colour and shape, the word 'apple' becomes less applicable but still largely identifiable. By getting more and more abstract the word 'apple' becomes non-applicable and a work of art - a new word is created. So it is natural that with more freedom of expression and thought that came with the enlightenment, there was a corresponding shift in the way art was created and portrayed. Unshackled from the strictures of direct representation, the modern artist could experiment with his art. He mixed up his media, his number of dimensions, shape, colour and content. Art has become a mixed bag with no laws or rules to guide it other than its audience response.
Both the artist and the scientist are experimenters. The scientist must perform his experiments to exacting rules and criticism. His outputs depend on repeatability. The artist performs his experiments with no rules at all. He is subject to criticism but the criticism does not stem from a basic set of regulations or standards as in science. There is no repeatability required. In fact repeatability or repetition is a negation of art. Art must be unique. While these worlds, at first glance, seem far apart they are in fact quite similar but only when we see science with our quantum theorist eyes. In quantum theory each experiment gives a unique result but the uniqueness is defined within the many superposed outcomes that are possible for that experiment. Once a measurement is made the state wave function jumps to an eigen state. So in effect, each experimental outcome is unique. As in art, there are no rules for this outcome - any one of the infinite range being possible.
Is there intent in the artistic endeavour? Science is quite clear in its objective in trying to understand the world in which we live. It searches the cosmos, the infinitesimal sub-atomic world, the biological world of the body and all living creatures and plants. The search is for understanding of how the systems work. They search for laws that control the evolution of these systems. They seek to predict the future and deconstruct the past. The goals are not personal but those of society and humanity. Whereas the artist works from a personal paradigm. He is seeking personal goals. They are not well defined, perhaps not at all definable, being deep seated in the psyche. He is looking at the world as he sees it and tries to capture his own personal essence within it. His art reflects more of society and culture than direct environment. It is human based. It looks to the human response to the environment and to existence. It is unconcerned even ignorant of science and the great cosmos that exists out there in the heavens.
Can a broader perspective be of benefit to the artist or conversely can a deeper personal insight be of benefit to the scientist? Enlightenment comes from a broadening of experience and knowledge. Enlightenment is a necessary part of the path to wisdom. The enlightened artist or scientist will work from a greater palette of colours with a consequent explosion in his degrees of freedom to express and create. The blurring of the boundaries between them, can only lead to mutual stimulation not contamination. The great human endeavours can complement and feed off each other, to lead humanity into the dangers of the twenty-first century.

As all these thoughts floated through my head the external world continued its daily routine. The sun had risen and clouds had passed over the blue sky sending cooling shadows across the squatting figure on the cliff top. For a while a gentle breeze rose and the tide came and went. The swells of the oceans lightly cascaded over the rocks at the cliff base. The gulls rose in the air and resettled on their cliff-side nests. The heather sweated in the mid-day heat and a sweet scent perfumed the air. Bees hovered and passed disinterestedly. Flies hovered and stayed. The heat in the afternoon air became balmy. The world was displaying all its charms and I was enthralled by its beauty.
For the rest of afternoon I tried to just meditate on its calm beauty. I let my mind relax. Thoughts floated about but were gently pushed aside so that a warm emptiness was maintained. This emptiness was filled with my present being - the position of my body, the beat of my heart, my regular breathing, the pressure of the earth on my body. I felt the weight of the air above me, the caress of the breeze, the slight fluctuation in temperatures. I was in tune with nature and the song was sublime. I wanted to prolong it for an eternity. I could die now and all would have meaning. To be happy was what I yearned for. To have peace is the end goal. The mind free of turmoil is a beautiful template on which the body sits in contentment. The peace of death is everlasting.
I don't know how long I was in this trance but the sun was on its descent towards evening and the air was getting colder when I was awoken by the voice of Maria as she called my name. My eyes had been closed but I had not been asleep. I smiled at her appearance, glad for her sole company, there being no Jan tagging along. She sat down beside me and we held silence for a long time just watching the setting sun.
'It's so beautiful, isn't it?' Maria eventually spoke.
'Yes, words can't describe it,' I replied.
We were silent again. Silences can be very powerful. They cannot be trapped in writing - films use them to great effect. Most of our lives are lived in silence. Words are the rarity. Those who speak ceaselessly are avoided. Maria was very good at silence. I stared at her young face as she looked out intently at the ocean and the reddening sun. Her skin had a tinge of orange from the evening light. Her face had that hopeful look of the young. She was only starting out in life. I had no right to interfere with her journey. I knew so little about her or her life, yet had had such intimacy. The memory of Molly came back and I felt ashamed.
'I'll be going in the morning.' Maria's words floated on the air. 'I guess I'll never see you again. Funny, but I'm not sad.'
'Oh.' I couldn't think of anything to add.
'Will you finish your book?' Maria's eyes caught mine.
'Book? Oh your bible. Yes, now that it's started it must be finished.' I said. 'Someday, you may see it in the shops. Perhaps a second hand shop. Look for a grubby little paperback browned by the sun but unopened, unread. Look inside and see the dedication. I will dedicate it to you, Maria, my first scribe.'
'Why will it be unread?' Maria asked.
'Because no one will deem it worthwhile to labour over the musings of a grumpy aging man with nothing else to do in his life but make useless words,' I replied.
'I will read it for one. No words are useless, least of all yours. You have awakened something in me. I have caught some of your plague. I am confirmed in your searches also.' Maria was now speaking to the sunset, to her future.
'What will you do with the rest of your life?' I asked.
'Oh, who knows?' Maria's voice had no enthusiasm. 'Maybe get a job in Amsterdam. Party a bit. Find a place to live. A job. Marry. Kids. The usual story. I'd love it to be different, but I'm a practical person. I will not change the world. But I am lucky to have met you because this brief interlude has opened up an intellectual journey that I can undertake no matter where I am. Even if I am stuck in a high rise apartment with several crying kids hauling off me, I can still look to the sky and wonder. There is enough mystery out there to keep me going.'
'Maria, you will not end up like that. I forbid it!' I was annoyed at the picture she had painted. It was so defeatist from one so young. Yet I knew it was the most likely outcome and this was what angered me most. She had to do better than benign acceptance of an ordinary life. I had sold my soul for the ordinary life, with a steady job and Sorcha and the hope for a family. I had set my stall out on that happy mundane scenario but it had not materialised. 
'No, Maria, forget about those norms. Chase your dreams, now. The future only clouds them over and then it will be too late. There is so much to learn, to achieve. Never settle for second best.'
We said goodbye. A brief hug and Maria was gone. Sadness and loneliness mingled. I felt down. There was no place to turn to. There was no comfort to be had. A great fatigue overwhelmed me. I entered the tent and lay down. Sleep, like a drug, gave me release.

It was dark when my eyes opened from their deep slumber. I pulled back the flap of the tent and looked out at the darkness. Black is always the colour of nothingness. Yet black is the strongest of all colours. You'd expect the vacuum to be a misty grey or grey white, suggestive of emptiness. The surprising strength of the black colour of the dark could suggest that emptiness is full of darkness, the black of postulated dark matter. The universe is lighter than it should be according to modern cosmological models. The visible matter of the galaxies makes up only less than five  per cent of the expected matter. Where is all the rest of this matter and why can't we see it. Little is really known about this predicted dark matter. It is thought to lie at the centre of galaxies and is responsible for their rotational motion. Yet it could actually be everywhere but because it doesn't interact with light or electromagnetic radiation we cannot detect it. But ironically it may be staring us straight in the face in the darkness of the night. Nothingness should not have a colour yet it is a definite strong black. No one has ever thought to ask why? Everything has to have a colour when light shines on it and if there is no light then it assumes a jet black colour. What would no colour be like? Is it possible to have no colour? The same question could be phrased as - is it possible to have nothing? Maybe we are asking the wrong question of existence. We should not ask why or how we exist but the real question is why or how we don't exist. I find it easy to accept that everything has to have a colour. Maybe this mindset should be applied to existence. Everything has to have existence. But the sceptic will immediately pose the tricky question: do blue cows exist? The facile answer is no - blue cows don't exist, but when I stop to think about it maybe they do. They may exist in one of the infinite universes of the quantum world. 
The problem with philosophy is that it tends to restrict experience to that of the human being and does not allow for the probability, however small, of their other independent experiences elsewhere in our own universe or perhaps in the myriad other parallel universes. The paradigm, that all things conceivable can exist and indeed may exist, is a potentially very liberating input into modern thought, scientific or philosophical. If all things exist then, in fact, one is postulating that there are no constraints and if there are no constraints there are no laws. The world of universes becomes an immense melting pot of chance encounters that generate the various realities. The causal laws we experience in our own universe are merely chance events that evolved over time. They are unique to our universe and would not necessarily apply in any other universe. Inductive scepticism may have been right after all but was just applied to the wrong domain - it should be applied to the domain of all worlds not our world where our causal laws actually are reliable.
Wild speculations like this are necessary for mankind to loosen the grip in which the classical approach to science and philosophy have imprisoned us.  They may lack coherence but they have the benefit of forcing us to drop our accepted paradigm and think outside not just the box but outside our world. It is like the abstract artist who lets his brush mark the canvas in freeflow even though he has not a definite idea of what he wants to paint but he lets the experience of handling the medium and his explorations of subject freeflow over the surface. Sometimes the result is meaningless and worthless. Sometimes by chance he creates a wonderful work of art that transcends all his conventional efforts.
As my eyes get used to the darkness I see that it is not total. There are faint specks where light from distant stars or galaxies has made its long journey over millions of years to finally enter my eyes and spark on my retina. Miracles like this happen every instant of our existence and yet we are not in awe of the world. The chances for a photon to travel over millions of years and enter my eye at this precise point in spacetime are infinitesimally small. Yet it has happened. All events are such long odds events. Our entire experience is one long good luck run of events. We are very lucky to exist at all.
The stars are now quite distinct and the familiar patterns of the night sky emerge. The celestial sphere is the greatest light show on earth yet few of us even bother to look up. We take its beauty for granted. We are contemptuous of what it is telling us about our world. It is a constant reminder of how small and insignificant we are in the overall scale of things. Out window on the universe is less than the tiniest speck of light in the celestial sphere. We are observers moving in a unremarkable galaxy located at non-special point in spacetime. All our ideas that we are special stem from being inward looking and seeing the world from our human perspective. Yet the constant reminder of our triviality appears to us each night and we are blind to it. We see the spectacle but we ignore the scale. We ignore the deep darkness of the vastness of our cosmos.
I marvel that the light of those distant points in spacetime can reach me at all. The photons must travel through so much space unimpeded by real or dark matter. They travel from the infinite reaches of our spacetime to reach us. I think of Olber and his paradox. Surely the night sky should be lit up as one glorious sea of light. If the universe is infinite in extent and if I could travel out from this point of spacetime, here on the cliff top near an ocean on the planet earth, then surely I would encounter some sun on my path over the infinity of time. Light from this sun likewise should meet me eventually. The same can be said for any point in the sky and as Olber postulated, the sky should be bright with light all over. That it is not, is direct evidence of the Big Bang. The huge expansion directly following the Big Bang led to matter being dispersed thinly across an incredible space. The flash of the initial big bang still fans out across spacetime but is so red-shifted as to be invisible. It exists as the cold cosmic background radiation picked up by radio receivers here on earth. It, as Olber would have expected, exists in every region of the sky. If it had colour and we could see it, the whole sky would be painted that colour, even at night.
I stare at the stars as they communicate to me from the vast past aeons of time. I shiver as I try to sense that cold background radiation that tries to talk to me, right from the very moment of creation of our universe. It reminds me of the cold end for our universe unless it stops expanding. I think I can feel the soft solar breeze on my cheeks, the stronger galactic wind in my hair, the almost gale force expansion of the universe brings tears to my eyes. All this motion and yet I am still here - locked in my inertial prison. The prison has no windows to let me see the past flying backwards behind me. I cannot even find a door that will eventually open to perfect enlightenment. I can only wonder if, outside, there is a prison warden who eventually may release me.
But maybe the universe will not keep expanding - maybe it will start to slow down and eventually stop. Then it must contract and as it does so it will turn on itself and meet itself going forward from the past. This very scenario was one that the ancient Greeks thought might happen. Zeno, in the fourth century BC, believed that originally there was only fire. All the other elements gradually emerged but sooner or later there would be a cosmic conflagration and all would again become fire. There is a remarkable similarity to the closed model of Big Bang theory. But even more remarkably, this conflagration was not a final consummation but just the end of the cycle - the whole process would repeat endlessly. The confluence with modern ideas on cosmic evolution is startling. Everything that has happened will happen again, endlessly.
I can see why Zeno's ideas would not catch on in the ancient world with its barbarity and poverty. To feel that the same woes and hardship would have to be endured endlessly, was not a good news story to the masses. It is not surprising that the heavenly afterlife of Christianity had better reception.

The eastern horizon is beginning to show the faintest signs of emerging light as the dawn of a new day begins. I stare at the spot where the night sky has almost imperceptibly brightened. I feel the strong emotion of our ancestors who, witnessing this same wondrous event every morning, would be driven to worship and adoration. The greatest spectacle in the natural world was about to unfold before my eyes. The life giver, life sustainer, the very origin of our earthly existence was about to appear from the dark in splendid and brilliant form. I waited with my heart pumping. What if Hume was right after all and it failed to appear?  I could even now be in the last eight minutes of my life and the life of all the planet. Intelligence snuffed out in a relative cosmic time moment. The trials and tribulations, the feats and defeats of all humanity, would be as naught with the onset of oblivion. The detritus of our existence would be the signals that we had generated in the last hundred years or so, by radio and other communication signals. They would travel out from our galaxy into the vast reaches of the cosmos unlikely to be ever intercepted by another planet, least of all another intelligent life form. The whole affair of life seems so pointless on the cosmic scale, all the more so if it doesn't survive. Survival may be its greatest driver just as it is for biolife on Earth.  Is it possible that the teleology of life is survival, not just at the planetary level, but over the aeons of time, at the cosmic level?
Life seems to be a very unstable phenomenon. It is constantly threatened, as though it is contrary to the laws of nature. It battles for survival and rarely wins. There are thousands of species that have flourished for a period and then disappear. The sixty five million years of dinosaur reign on the lands and seas, has all but vanished from the fossil record. A chance meteorite impact  can wipe out most of life in a relative instant. Changes in the biosphere can be equally as devastating. Global warming may have unforeseen impacts over the coming centuries. By then most of the non-human species of life will have been destroyed for want of habitat.  The threat of nuclear annihilation  will once more raise its fearsome prospect as the technology cannot be controlled amongst irrationalist ideological states or groups. Even if these major Armageddon's don't come to pass, life on earth will be challenged by the demands of an exponentially increasing population, fighting for ever decreasing water, food and energy. The threats to life seem endless.
I feel despair and let my eyes close to the world of pain. I want to shut out the tragic scenarios that seem to be our fate. I search for the hope that drives us on, amidst the mourning and weeping. I hear all the religious laugh at my predicament. They see the world in the light of the hope of the glory of a personal god, who looks after them and will comfort them for all eternity. This simple naive irrational belief washes away the seeming despair that is the lot of the atheist. It answers all the questions by the supposition of a unique human-like god who seems to have a special interest in our minute corner of the cosmos and more particularly in the vain and imperfect creatures that inhabit it.
Am I jealous? At times I would love the calm that the certainty of simple good beliefs offers. I still have that feeling of total calm when I enter a quiet church and just sit and think. I almost said pray. Thinking and prayer are alike in that thoughts are posed to an internal presence, and that for religious people is their personal god. So I, in effect, pray in these quiet moments just as in a way I am praying now, with my eyes closed, awaiting with Humean trepidation for the sun to rise. I am using this prayer to cope with the demons of despair and lack of hope. I am searching in an internal landscape that has been fashioned not by the bright lights of a redeeming god but by the sometimes cold philosophy of science and knowledge. This philosophy offers too little succour to those in pain, to be ever as effective as traditional religion. Science must be able to posit a heaven to gain broad popularity. This heaven must however be earthbound rather than high in the cosmos. It must hold forth a paradigm of progress. The ritual of war and terror must be seen to be a declining influence on human destiny. The eradication of poverty and constraints on individual and political freedom must somehow be achieved by following the rational godless path. The creation of happiness and beauty in our world must be a requisite fallout of  the continuing development of technical and engineering science. By positing a goal or heaven that is attainable for all of humanity here on earth, the rationalist cause can be seen to offer a greater and real heaven in our current life.
The separation of science and politics has long been the norm in society. It was only after the second world war that the influence that science could have on the political world became apparent. The presence of nuclear weapons shaped the geo-political landscape of the second half of the twentieth century.  The horror of Hiroshima and Nagasaki was a clear warning to warring factions that use of such weapons spelt the endgame for mankind. It didn't stop the proliferation of conventional conflict but it did prevent the major world powers from ever meeting in a head-on conflict, preferring to act out their wars on the margins.  All the time the threat of all-out nuclear war was a fear that overshadowed the political world. The fear has all but disappeared with the warming of the cold war and the softening of the clash of political ideologies. Yet it remains in the political background, as a smoking fuse threatening to explode unexpectedly. The economic costs of conventional war are enormous - the Iraq war has cost untold trillions of dollars. It has not passed the notice of economists that a single nuclear warhead costing the minutest fraction of the current ongoing cost of that war would be infinitely more effective. This chilling notion of the economics of war will eventually come to pass. 
Already the economic forces are driving a new commitment to nuclear electricity generation that the latter half of the twentieth century had turned away from. The downstream risk of increased nuclear power facilities is at least the equivalent of the impact of releasing a nuclear warhead on an enemy. Political economics may drive the nuclear debate not just in its social usage but in its conflict resolution usage.
With the nuclear debate, science has influenced the political world for both the good and the bad. What is needed is to remove the threat of nuclear war.  Science has to offer a vision of the future where the hell of nuclear Armageddon is replaced by a  nuclear risk-free utopia, where there is free and abundant energy available to feed the requirements of the ever expanding populations of the world. The threat of nuclear war can only be countered as we have already seen by the counterbalancing of threat. This means that the technology will have to be made available in a controlled manner to all who want it as a protection to perceived threat. 
This is already the paradigm of science anyway. Science and its discoveries is truly open and international. It cuts across creed and political ideology. Modern quantum theory development is an international affair. It had its early development in Germany, Britain, Russia and France. The Americans then took up the baton in the post war era. The Japanese made major contributions after the second world war. Other major contributions have come India and China. Today most countries in the world are making their own contribution to particular aspects of the giant enterprise that is the search for a unified theory of relativity and the quantum world. The technical development fallout of this enterprise is also totally international. This model of open and concerted effort on the part of disparate nations and ideologies is the hope that science brings to the world. It is leading by example in the way that the future world must organise its affairs. It substitutes a common goal on all peoples from which all people will gain equally.
If the resources that are made available to the current world powers in fighting their marginal conflicts over economic issues, were made available to the scientific effort, then incredible progress could be attained. The development of nuclear fusion could provide a cheap environmentally neutral source of power for all.  The development of biotechnology could see the elimination and eradication of many diseases.  Genetically modified foods may enable us to feed the increasing world populations.  But it is not just in the materialistic world that progress can be made and held up as a beacon of hope. The openness of the scientific paradigm, where there is freedom to hypothesise and more importantly criticise, will lead to a similar openness in other areas; philosophy, arts, culture, politics and even religious belief, for those who still have need of it.  The earthly revelations of science and knowledge together with the hope for the future that they engender,  may well in time displace the need for an irrational heaven in a post-death future.

I tried to envision this sense of rationalist hope. A bright light appeared before my eyes. I opened them and saw before me one of the most wondrous sights in our world. There in the east, despite Hume's worst fears, was the beautiful orb of the risen sun. The light flowed from it in gentle waves, covering all of my spacetime world in an glowing brightness, a signal from the very recent past that all was well with the solar system, the galaxy and the entire cosmos. The laws were working as they should and there was harmony amongst the celestial lights. The darkness had evaporated and the pale blue colour of our life giving biosphere had returned.
A thrill of pure elation coursed through my mind. My body relaxed into the harmony of the natural vibrations of existence. I was at one with my environment, with the world, with the cosmos. I had a glimpse of the eternity of heaven, that has been the dream of the mystic and the ascetic. The pure calm that befell me was not possible to put into words. It was like a divine revelation that the world was one. I was part of an undivided whole and that being part of it meant that I would always exist - not in this bodily or mental form but in my dispersed substance. All the atoms of my being would continue on their journey through spacetime as they must. The laws of nature, be they classical or quantum, must apply from the past to the future. The trillions of particles that have chanced to come together to form me, have been in the cosmos from the start of time, if there be such a thing as the Big Bang. They were fated to come together at that moment of my conception, to form the nucleus or seed of condensation upon which the environment could deliver up all its primordial brothers. For the briefest of intervals I will have graced this tiny island of the cosmos with my existence until, once more, I spread again out into the cosmos. Death is the release of my essence, my being, back into the wholeness of the manifold of spacetime. The only relic of my being will be the entangled state of the atoms of my remains, bearing the sign of my existence for all eternity.

Thoughts of death were not morose, even in the context of the splendour of the rising sun. The unity of life and death, made death just a transition in the summation of my existence. Life was something that had emerged from spacetime and was always destined to return. The over-riding thrust of the second law of thermodynamics, entropy increase, meant that the temporal entropy decrease, that allows life to exist, must follow the greater flow. We are like little vortices in a raging stream. The vortex allows water to run counter to the general flow direction, but is ultimately carried along by the current and dissipates. Vortices come and go -  just as in life there is birth and death, all part of the flow of the cosmos.
I felt the gentle pull of the cosmos - the breeze that massaged my face, the almost imperceptible pull of the tides, the equally imperceptible rise of the sun, the slow change of the seasons, the gradual aging of my body. I was returning to the great movement of the unity of existence. My brief solipsistic existence was only a dream, a dream full of wondrous possibilities and sensations, yet equally full of horrible and terrifying potentialities. Dreams are often nightmares with no escape. I was not deluded into thinking of the cosmos as only throwing up what we call good, but knew it was equally likely to toss up what we all more readily agree on as bad. This was a mystery that had few solutions. The laws of science were not moral at the local level. They were blind to suffering. They could happily throw up a tsunami or an earthquake in our little locale of spacetime. The collateral damage, the intense horror of pain and suffering, is not of concern to the greater cosmos. The even greater mystery of the terror inflicted by humans upon each other, goes equally unnoticed. Nature as it exposes itself to us here on earth, does not stop to question its behaviour. It is completely inhuman in its actions. The laws ordain the course of events and all are swept along in the current. The storm fells the tree that falls on the house and smashes the baby's body. All emotion is absent. Their is not intent. It just is. The facts are pure chance. Nature is not guilty. It has no freedom. It must follow the laws.
But we have freedom and that is what makes the horror of violence between humans so much more reproachable. The concept of free will probably is the basis of all religion. The control of our behaviour gets no example from the rest of nature, so we must develop customs that harness the better of our behavioural patterns. The most important behavioural pattern is that of mutual co-operation. It is a feature of all life, whether vegetative or animal. Yet it doesn't appear to exist in the world of substance. This world follows a law of forces and force fields. The greater force always prevails. The only way to avoid a force is to be outside its range of action. Nothing is greater than the colour force of quarks but it is constrained to act only at the infinitesimal range of the quark to quark bond. Were this force possible to unleash into the general world, it would destroy all. Nature is telling us that force must be constrained - an unconstrained force will only cause destruction. We have already experienced the liberation of the nuclear strong force and are in no doubt that it is incredibly destructive. The electromagnetic force can also be destructive but only at a much lower level. Humans have harnessed the power of this force for much good, making the affluence of the modern world possible. Nature is telling us that properly harnessing its forces can lead to much good for humanity. The jury may be out for whether it is good for all of life. The smallest of all the forces, by an incredible scale, is the force of gravitation. It is this tiny force that keeps us locked into our small local patch of spacetime. Gravity ordains that our environment is restricted to the thin spherical film, within which, on the scale of the solar system, we are less than ants to a soaring hawk, but on the scale of the galaxy or the cosmos we are beyond the infinitesimal. Gravity tells us that ultimately our actions can only affect ourselves and that because our thin film of existence is so small our actions will ultimately rebound on ourselves.
So what moral code is nature seemingly telling us? It is saying that the greater force always wins and therefore must be constrained lest all be destroyed. At a personal level, this gives rise to the necessity for law where the rights of the individual are not based on physical strength but on justice. The problem is that there is no justice within nature - it is totally blind in its actions. Nature only tells us that the strongest of forces must be contained in the smallest of boxes. We must only legitimate strong force for the narrowest of reasons.
At the social and political level, the strong force is constrained by the narrowness of the film of our existence. Unleashing very strong force, for instance nuclear force, will inevitably rebound as the impact will affect the entire environment eventually. This is the only constraint on nuclear arms at the moment. The fear is that the constraint is there only to the rational mind. The irrational mind may be the downfall of humanity in the end. These are the very people who believe in Armageddon.
The strong force does not enter our sensible daily life. It is the electromagnetic and gravitational forces that are our constant environment. Internally the electromagnetic force drives the bonds between the trillions of molecules in our bodies. Externally the gravitational force applies pressure to all our exteriors and keeps us firmly grounded on the earth's surface. The role of the electromagnetic force in the bonding of atoms tells us that our basic existence is centred around sharing. The formation of bonds, by the sharing of electrons, is an essential part of the fabric of substance. This concept of sharing becomes a basic part of our being and must manifest itself at the level of the conscious, to lay the foundations of primitive justice. We are in essence only a collection of substances, joined together to form organisms, whose totality forms our bodies.
But we must be more than mere substances. What distinguishes humans and other living things from innate objects? In metals the individual atoms are closely packed and their proximity allows the free sharing of valence electrons. This binds the atoms together in crystal lattices that are very stable in their form. In biology the molecules are bound together but are stable not just in form but more so in process. This functional stability underpins all life. The kidneys must perform the task of kidneys and do so day in day out. If the process is upset or becomes unstable then the impact is felt by other organs and illness sets in. Looking for analogies with justice or human behaviour in general, this seems to imply that we should organise ourselves in terms of function and try to generate stability within that function. At the level of the animal this is exactly what nature ordains. Rabbits burrow and eat leaves. They have set programs of activity. There is great predictability in the behaviour of rabbits or similar animals. Human behaviour does not have that predictability because humans have intelligence that allows for freedom of action within the constraints of the environment. It is the struggle with the environment to extract food and a living that forces on humans the need for functional stability. The farmer must plant in spring or there will be no food in the winter. It is from the demands of the natural environment that the functional development of humanity has arisen, leading from hunter gatherers, farmers and craftsmen to modern scientists, technologists and engineers. The organisations of these functions follows many political and social models but all focus on maintaining stability. Uncertainty leads to revolution, wars and famine. To protect the stability, systems of governance, organisation of society, and political and economic orders are established. We have come so far in our modern world that the basic origin of the need for functional stability at the level of the organ is long forgotten. We are losing out by not recognising the intrinsic nature of our need for functional stability. It is because of this that one can say that the normal functions of parenthood should be nurtured and promoted within each society. Family stability underpins all of society. It is the organ, whereas society is the body. If families are dysfunctional than it is no wonder that society feels the effects in increased crime, delinquency, addictions. The systems that support the family and society in general must also have functional stability. Incremental change rather than revolution is best for society. If you get it wrong the impact is small and can be corrected. If the result  is good then the pace can be increased marginally to effect marginal continuous improvement.
I am not a conservative in espousing functional stability. Rather I am recognising that all evolution takes place by increments. There are no revolutionary changes. Such changes disappear very quickly from the tree of life. Change is absolutely necessary but must come by degrees that allow the organism to adapt and survive. Evolution, by definition, is change but not change that will lead to the destruction of the life form that is meant to evolve.
But what of the gravitational force? What parallels are there for it in terms of guidance of human actions. Unlike the other forces, the range of gravitation is infinite. It acts on all the universe. The gravitational effect, of remote galaxies billions of light years away, may be infinitesimally small but it acts on each and every one of us. It teaches us that there is a unity to all existence and that unity is the manifold of spacetime. The manifold is a complete unity being infinite in extent but without boundaries. One could for example think of it as a giant balloon. The far off galaxy is like an indentation in the elastic surface. The indentation affects the inner pressure of the balloon that affects every part of the surface over time, as the pressure ripples across spacetime. It is gravity that tells us that all things are connected. Our actions always impact on the whole universe. Obviously the major impact will be on our immediate locale and that is where we experience the effects. But the unseen effects should not go unnoticed. Taking this more holistic view is what the parallel with gravity leads us to adopt. This holistic stance would not allow global warming to occur and that it is, is evidence that we still have not adopted holism into our systems of living.
But what does holism mean in a particular system? The concept is so different from the usual Cartesian approach of dissection and analysis. We still labour in the Cartesian paradigm. We want to take apart to understand, rather than try and see the whole and understand. This is the necessary fall out from an education system that teaches people to specialise, to adopt blinkers and use the microscope. The understanding that the complexity of life cannot be understood by system analysis may well be one of the greatest realisations of modern humanity. The vain attempts to build models to short circuit this inherent complexity has yielded results, mostly collateral gains, but has signally failed to reach an understanding of reality. The laws of reality, if they are available to our understanding at all, are holistic in nature. There are no islands of existence - all is linked in a complex web of space and time. We can discover laws that apply locally but we must not assume that these same laws are universal. Our extrapolations from the local can only be that - extrapolations. Hume's scepticism is valid in this respect - what we know to apply locally gives us no reason to assume it applies globally or rather cosmically.
So nature is telling us to constrain strong forces, to seek out process stability and to act holistically. Yet human nature seems to do the opposite. History is littered with the tragedies of wars waged on behalf of the strong against the weak. These wars destabilise and reinforce a non-holistic mentality. Why is human nature following this route in its evolution? Is this behaviour embedded in all animals? Most animals display territorial behaviour. The male of the species will often have to fight off other males to protect his territory. The male has this inbuilt mechanism that allows wars to happen. All life is a struggle for survival and this just must be reflected back in our human behaviour. The cosmos does not nurture life. It exists to the best of our knowledge very rarely in the vast expanse of the universe. It may only exist on our tiny blue planet. It exists against the odds. The probability of life sparking into existence at all are incredibly low. So many things had to be in place. The laws of science, as we know them, had to be very exact to allow us to come into existence.  Is life just a by-product of the existence of the cosmos or is it central to it? That the cosmos is trying to snuff out life indiscriminately, suggests that life is just that - a mere by-product. It must struggle to survive the chance trials that the cosmos throws its way. The dinosaurs signally failed. The cosmos threw up an impact of rock from outer space and swatted them out like flies. This was pure chance - not ordained or planned. It was an unconcerned cosmos that fated their demise. The movement of that piece of matter was dictated by the laws of motion, to always have a trajectory to strike the earth. There may be millions of others equally fated to hit us in some future moment. All our earthly struggles will be for nought. Every last trace, even of lowly bacterial life, could be wiped clean from the planet.
If the cosmos has no designs on the future or origins of life, how has life come into being? The laws of science do not encode a need for life or suggest that life is a necessary consequence of being. The cosmos can and did exist for billions of years, without life being present. It is our greatest proof of there being an objective world out there. Descartes wasn't aware of the aeons of time that passed before life came into being. If he had, his 'cogito ergo sum' comment would not have been necessary. I am, because the objective cosmos out there is, and has been, at least back to the proposed Big Bang.
But the cosmos has provided a mechanism whereby the various elements are brewed in the cosmological soup of evolving and dying suns. The elements are the real seeds of life. It is they, that can be seen to be imbedded in the physical laws of our universe. They are the direct result of the application of these laws. That elements form molecules and more complicated chemical structures, is also an outcome of these laws. In that respect one can say that life was encoded, albeit very vaguely, in the basic laws of the universe. That it evolved is purely fortuitous and its survival is equally a fortuitous affair as far as the universe is concerned. There is no guarantee within the laws that life can or must survive.
To survive life must counter the chance events that the cosmos can throw at it. If life remains in an undeveloped state then there is a great certainty that eventually it will be snuffed out by an eventual chance catastrophe. To survive, life had to develop intelligence. This intelligence evolved to the present ?poque, where humanity has achieved an understanding of the laws of the universe. This limited understanding allows the threat of extinction to at least be recognised. Today we are aware of the potential threat of comets or asteroids. Humanity will survive if the monitoring of comet and asteroid motion can warn of impending collision. Humanity will survive if technology can alter the course of a colliding object, far out in space. To get to this level of ability, humanity has to invest in the vast enterprise of developing knowledge and its attendant technological innovations. This is a race against time because it is quite certain that there have been impacts in the past and that there will be others in the future. When that future is, no-one knows. The sooner humanity acts the greater the chances of survival not just of mankind but of all life.
The current world does not have this mind-set. It is concerned with relatively minor national power squabbles. These wars are internecine from the perspective of the overall real threat to civilisation. The drivers of these conflicts are the very deniers of the potentially dire fate of humanity. The political, religious and economic drivers of local wars, force a very localistic paradigm on mankind. It encourages disunity of mankind rather than unity. It displaces resources that should be focused on threats that potentially could affect all of humanity.

I was turning towards despair of the future. I did not want to descend to that place again. The dawn had been wonderful and had filled me with elation and hope for the world. The beauty had inspired me to think long and hard about its reality. I had closed my eyes on the beauty and let my thoughts run wild. Now I opened my eyes again and let the beauty back in. The thoughts of the here and now flooded back. My being seemed to re-emerge. I had sensations of heat on my skin from the sun and pains in my stomach from hunger. I heard the cries of the gulls and the lapping of the waves at the base of the cliff. The visual stream of colours took form and recreated the sea, sky and land. I felt my presence in the outline of my body as it squatted in a sitting posture on the grass. I became a man again. The desires and traumas of the last few days came back. Words and sentences concerning my own existence formed in my brain. What was I doing here? Where was Sorcha? Did I still love her? What did I now feel for Molly? Did I despise or pity her? And Maria? She was just a casual affair- of no consequence - just a pleasant memory.
I was out from my dreamworld and back in reality. Decisions had to be made. I knew that my staying on the island was now too complicated. The situation could only get worse. In an instant I had decided to pack up. The grand project that I had set myself, was, in a way, finished. Pure speculation was good but in isolation it could only become circuitous and repetitious. I needed the stimulation of more knowledge. That in itself was a revelation of sorts. I'd had the impression that the store of knowledge I'd accumulated was enough to tackle the questions that were appearing before me. But I now knew that it is a parallel process - learning and questioning go hand in hand.
The realisation that I was about to leave filled me with sadness. I had grown accustomed to my high lofted den. The sense of space that the vast expanse of ocean presented had the effect of dragging me out from my self, into the being of the greater world. In that context my concerns took on their proper dimension and seemed to disappear into an infinitesimal cloud, a mere drop of condensation of events in the vast fluffiness of the clouds of the cosmos. Yet this tiny cloud was my own, my local environment where my presence had significance and, potentially, the power to influence the grand course of all spacetime, from the point of the big bang towards a distant infinity. Just as chaos theory suggests that the flutter of a butterfly's wing on one side of the world can cause storms on the other, so my small efforts at understanding my being, may in the vastness of spacetime have similar impact. What I achieve in this briefest of existence is entangled with every particle of the universe, however minutely that entanglement becomes, as we move away from my direct local spacetime. It is that realisation that all things leave their trace, their faint ghost in the fabric of spacetime that gives me hope that existence is not a meaningless trick of a demonic reality.


I gathered up my few possessions. The camp rolled up and fitted snugly into my backpack. As the last item was tucked away, all that was left of my presence was the imprint of my weight on the heather. It was fitting that my remains were those of the effect of gravity. Soon the heather would extract energy and carbon from the sun and the biosphere and the programme of its DNA would cause the stems to buck up and resume their elegant poise, as they sway in the sea winds. The small flower heads would soon regain their resplendent bloom. The blades of grass would bounce back and after the briefest of times, the imprint would be gone from the here and now. The low entropy of the living environment would quickly restore order.
I thought how lucky I was to live in a low entropy environment. I thought how lucky I was to be alive. There was a jauntiness to my step as I made my way down from the cliff edge for the last time. I didn't look back but held the memory of the scene dearly in my memory never to be lost.
By the time I had reached the road, the sun had made its way into the midafternoon sky. Its light bounced off the powdery clouds and sent dappled shadows flowing across the stone walled fields. The old stone house passed unremarked. I was moving on. The events of the past were gone and the future, whatever it held, beckoned. I had no particular designs but knew that, come what may, the belief that life and existence was good would carry me through whatever challenges were presented by fate.
As I passed the cottage restaurant I thought I saw a figure stand by the small window. She had both hands clasped over her tummy and her face, could I see it, seemed to smile. I realised that fate had already started a new chapter already, in this island corner of spacetime. The imprint of my body on the cliff top was almost gone but my bio-imprint was just beginning to emerge. What I was leaving, was the greatest entanglement with the future of all - genes. They were not my genes, for they were never mine to own. I was a mere carrier and carer of them in their journey through time. I knew now that finally I had passed them on, fulfilled my biological destiny.
The female figure standing calmly protecting her womb, no longer presented threat and fear. Tears almost came to my eyes, as I wished her good fortune for her future and that of her child. I did not wave or acknowledge her presence but continued on still light-hearted and happy.
As I reached the pier there was a boat about to depart and I broke into a run. The same skipper recognised me and beckoned me on. From the pier I threw my backpack onboard and scrambled down the rusty ladder. I was breathless but had made it.
'Whoa!' shouted the skipper from the cabin. 'You're in a fine hurry to leave the island. I hope you're not being chased by some young one's da.' He laughed heartily at the thought and the boat chugged into reverse and pulled away from the pier.
The rocky bulk of the island rose like a benign monster from the waves. As the boat drew away the from the shadow of the cliffs the towering majesty of the summit filled my view. The white specks of seagulls moved in chaotic abandon, their wild cries echoing as if from a distant past. I could imagine the island rising in violent triumph from the sea bed, as the great tectonic plates shifted and pushed against each other. Its creation was a chance result of internal earth floes of magma. Millions of years of wind and rain, had failed to erase it from the seascape, serving only to leave it a legacy of a thin soil, barely capable of supporting life. But life had come to it, in the form of monks fleeing the barbarism of a Europe in chaos. These monks had established their outpost here and, through their solemn prayer and learning, had bequeathed a legacy to the current world. Others, myself included, had come to seek the wisdom that had once inhabited the island outpost of humanity. In a way I had achieved some of my goal. I was leaving with my thoughts elevated to a higher plane.
I had come seeking to explore the world of modern science. I wanted to learn from modern theories and apply that learning to a philosophy that perhaps had yet to be born. The old philosophies were set in an outdated paradigm. They had to be thrown out and new ideas generated in their stead. They could not be simply built upon. That was the crucial realisation that I had perhaps inadvertently and unknowingly reached. But now as I left the island I had a clear vision of a future dedicated to that new philosophy.
I knew that the new philosophy had to fill the vast chasm between the seeming lucidity of scientific theorism and the chaotic beauty of the natural living world. About this living beauty science has little to say.


























The Island

?D P Greene 2009 198


