

THE HUNT FOR SUNAN

Brian Paul Davis


Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2010, 2011 Brian Paul Davis

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the author.

The characters, names, places and events in this book are fictitious or are used fictitiously. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, organizations, events, or locales is coincidental and not intended by the author. 


For more information about the author please visit BrianPaulDavis.com. For a print version (ISBN 978-1-60910-094-0) please visit TheHuntforSunan.com.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Prologue – November 1967 

Larry Johansson heard voices. It was a man and a woman, but their words were muted and fuzzy. He cracked open his eyelids, but only one let in light. He raised them a little more. Larry’s right eye began to focus and adjust to the light. His left eye began to catch some light too, but only a sliver. His eye was covered with something.
The clouds in his head began to clear, but as the clouds moved out, a stinging sensation moved in. His left hand, arm, and the side of his face stung more with each beat of his heart. It felt like the raw skin under a freshly popped blister.
His ankle throbbed, but he couldn’t move it. It was encased in something—a cast. His right arm was strapped to his stomach. His wrist was also in a cast. Pain reverberated through his body with every pulse. 
The voices became clearer, but the words bounced off the pain. The chatter was now accompanied by moaning—his own.
“Sounds like Mr. Johansson’s ready for another dose of morphine,” the male voice said.
“Are we cutting his dosage today?” the female voice asked.
“He’ll be a little uncomfortable today.”
“Today? Just today?” she said.
“Well, we can’t have him go on in a narcotic stupor, can we,” he said. He walked out.
“Good morning, Mr. Johansson,” she said. “I’ll be right back with something for the pain.”
Larry stared at her, unable to speak.

She came right back, as she said she would. She took his arm and stuck him with a needle. It was long and sharp. Within minutes, Larry realized the needle stick was a shot of heaven. The pain wasn’t all gone, but he could think again. He could remember now. He was obviously in the hospital, but it was foggy. He had no clue how long he’d been there.
Like a tidal wave, that fateful day at the refinery started rushing back to him. Like it or not, he was there again…
 
The crew at the Purchase Oil Refinery auto mechanics shop was winding down, waiting for the lunch whistle. “Larry,” the shop superintendent barked. “Before you break for lunch, go check on Boris and Hanny. See what’s keepin’ them.” 
“They’re checking on that forklift in Building 6,” Larry answered, crinkling his brow.
“I know that. What’s taking so long?” the super said. “If it’s not a quick fix, then let’s haul it back here. We’ll work on it in the shop.”
“I’ll check,” Larry moaned. “This is not coming out of my lunch hour,” he mumbled.
Boris and Hanny started only three months earlier and a just few months after Larry. Boris and Hanny got along as though they had known each other for years. 
Building 6 was a short walk. It was a huge green metal box of a building and threw a long shadow, even at midday. The loading dock, the most direct entrance into the building, was straight ahead. 
A large tractor-trailer delivery truck blocked most of the opening. There were no markings on the truck—probably non-union. Larry wondered what the Teamsters would think about that. Curious, Larry crossed in front of the cab to check out the driver’s side.
The lunch whistle blew. The monotone horn was beautiful music to Larry. He turned back to see his fellow workers, filing out for their lunch break.
Out of the corner of his eye, he caught the burst of bright flash from Building 6. A ball of fire followed. A boom that would drown out a clap of thunder, followed almost instantly. It rattled his teeth and shook the ground under his feet.
Shards of metal and little flaming missiles whizzed by around him.
A searing wave of heat from the blast singed his hair and ignited his greasy coveralls. The force from the shock wave overpowered his legs, pummeled him sideways, and kicked him off his feet. He slammed onto the pavement landing on his right hip and forearm, then his shoulder, then… 

Larry shook his head and blinked a few times. That was it. That was all he could remember.

The next day…
It was a busy day at Baton Rouge Memorial Hospital. Doctors decided Larry was strong and coherent enough to have visitors. He was in a fog until the day before from the heavy painkillers. 
Memories and flashbacks repeatedly rushed through him—the fireball, the boom, the intense heat. Larry could do without them. With the cut in the pain medication running through his veins, he was alert enough to hold a conversation. He would have preferred to have the extra meds.
Larry survived with a concussion, a broken wrist and ankle, and a separated shoulder on his right side. He had metal fragments removed from his ribcage, and endured first and second degree burns up and down his left side. With one side burned and the other side battered, he would take all the pain medicine they would give him. 
The visitors started with the shop superintendent. Next, the state investigator arrived, followed by plant security and the OSHA investigator. It wasn’t long before Larry was ready for a nap.
There were more visitors than he cared to talk to. Larry didn’t have much to tell. He learned more from them, than they did from him. Boris and Hanny never showed. They didn’t survive, Larry would learn.
The explosion shot debris and burning fuel over the entire property, and even outside of the compound, according to the shop superintendent. At less than one hundred feet away, Larry was lucky his injuries weren’t more severe, or fatal, the investigator told him.
“There was nothing left,” the young state investigator said when he made his visit. “The fire was so hot it completely incinerated everybody and everything non-metallic that was caught inside. Metals were melted, fused, and unrecognizable. We believe the delivery truck probably saved your life.”
“The container part of the truck was totally fried and partially melted,” the investigator continued. “Since you were directly in line with the front of the truck, we think the large mass of the truck’s engine deflected the blast and saved you.”
“Besides Boris and Hanny, do you know who else was in there?” Larry asked.
“Pretty sure, but as I said, there was nothing left to really examine,” he told Larry. 
“Six, including the truck driver, were killed, or are missing. They’re technically still missing, but we have witnesses placing them all inside the building at the time of explosion,” he continued. “There’s no doubt they perished.”



Chapter 1 – March 2007

Daniel Hartwick was one of the last at Aurora Cooper Engineering to get a cell phone. He liked being out of touch in the evenings and on weekends. That was something he couldn’t have done at his previous job at the Ironwood Flats Nuclear Power Station, outside of Phoenix. 
His job was his life during his years as a nuclear engineer. He vowed to take a different path in his new career as a civil engineer. The prospect of a cell phone, paid for by ACE, as company loyalists liked to call the engineering firm, was too good to pass up. 
There hadn’t been much downside to having the cell phone. There were only a couple of weekend calls. Most of the evening cell phone calls were just after he left the office at five o’clock sharp. 
It was just past ten o’clock when Daniel turned off the TV and meandered out to the kitchen, in his shorts and t-shirt, for a bedtime snack. The melody of Canon in D coming from his briefcase gave him a start. 
It was his cell phone, comfortably buried in his briefcase as usual. His briefcase sat on the floor, by the door to the garage, where it was rarely opened outside of the office. 
He dug the phone out of his briefcase. “Hi, this is Daniel.” 
“Daniel, it’s Shane. I need you to get to La Salle, Louisiana,” his boss said. “Tomorrow!” 
“Aren’t you in Sacramento?” Daniel asked, knowing Shane Gorman flew from Phoenix to Sacramento two days earlier for a series of management workshops.
“They’re having some problems with the flood walls you worked on last year. Jackson Herrick is assembling a team that will include a representative from each key discipline. You will meet there tomorrow to visit the sites and assess the situation.” 
Jackson Herrick worked out of the Kansas City headquarters and was in charge of all of the company’s Army Corp of Engineers and flood control projects. 
“What’s the problem?” Daniel asked. “Why tomorrow?”
“The client wants us down there right away.”
“It’s after ten. I could use a little more notice, I just got back from Salt Lake.” Daniel was annoyed with the late night phone call. He was even more irritated at the prospect of another trip. 
 “Can I at-least wait till tomorrow afternoon so I can arrange for someone to take care of Sarah?” 
“Listen, I don’t know what the issue is. Jackson didn’t tell me. You just need to get on the very first flight to New Orleans,” Shane directed. 
“Call Rachael tonight,” Shane continued, referring to his young wife. “She’s home. You have the phone number. I just checked-in with her, so I know she’s still up, and she knows Sarah. She can pick her up and take her over to our house tonight.” 
Poor Sarah, Daniel thought, his faithful and very well fed Basset hound. 
“She’ll bring her to the kennel tomorrow.”
Daniel hated leaving her at the kennel again or the pet resort, as the proprietors like to call it. “No doubt Rachael’s thrilled about that arrangement. She won’t be able to hoist Sarah up into your SUV. Rachael can barely climb in herself without a ladder,” Daniel said barely taking a breath. “And I don’t have any plans or specs with me tonight.”
“Daniel…” Shane tried to cut in.
 “I’d be lucky to get four hours sleep if I have to run over to the office before I go.”
“Daniel,” Shane upped his volume.
“Why don’t I just fly out tomorrow afternoon?” Daniel asked. He stopped to take a breath.
“Do you think I like getting called at this hour?” Shane scolded. “You’ll meet Yanus Fautonov and Nadine Russo from K.C. in New Orleans. The director of the La Salle Flood Control District is expecting to meet with you tomorrow afternoon in La Salle, and it can be more than a three-hour drive from New Orleans these days.” 
Shane Gorman seemed to have an answer for every detail or excuse Daniel could bring up. “Don’t worry about the plans or specs,” he continued. “Someone will get them to you electronically. Just get there. There is a six a.m. flight direct from Phoenix to New Orleans. I’ll make the reservation and I expect you to be on it.”
“I can’t wait,” Daniel mumbled as he hung up. At least Yanus will be there. He hadn’t seen him in a while.
Slowly, his frustration gave way to concern. Something’s gone wrong with the construction. Design error? 
Was this another screw-up? Was this another Ironwood Flats? 
It took almost a year to get back to work after they fired him from Ironwood Flats. His new salary was barely half what he used to make at the nuclear power plant.
Was this a real emergency, or were they just going there to appease their client? Why was no one briefed on this so the engineers could better prepare? Does Shane know more than he is letting on? Daniel’s uneasiness was churning in his gut. 
Was he flying out there to be thrown to the wolves? ACE probably wouldn’t spend the money to fly him out there if he was going to be fired, he consoled himself.
“Come over here, Sarah. I’ll be lucky to get four minutes sleep tonight.” Sarah lay down at his feet. Daniel stroked the short brown fur on her head and back. Sarah was his Valium. She thumped her tail rhythmically on the floor as he scratched the side of her neck and behind the ears. 
“Oh yeah, oh yeah, that’s the spot, isn’t it?” Daniel said. “More behind ears, I know.” 
Sarah soaked up the flood of attention.
“Do they give you any attention at that place?” Sarah just kept thumping her tail. “Not much of resort is it. Who are they trying to kid—pet resort.”
Daniel called Rachael Gorman to made arrangements for Sarah. Rachael tried to be pleasant, but she didn’t sound happy about the unexpected plans either. 
“Now, Rachael will be here in a few minutes,” he told Sarah, looking into her sad brown eyes. She knew he was leaving her again. Daniel had no doubt dogs could sense things like that. “I think you’ve got a few pounds on her so be gentle. But if you run into Shane, feel free to nip at him a little. And bite with your left side.” Sarah was missing a tooth on the right side of her mouth. 
Resigned to his fate of an early flight to New Orleans, Daniel threw together a few days worth of field clothes—jeans, boots, and a jacket. He added sneakers, a couple of polo shirts, a dress shirt, underwear, and his shaving kit to his small rolling carry-on suitcase. He figured the weather in Louisiana should be cool, but pleasant this time of year, although a thunderstorm wouldn’t be unusual.
He set the alarm for three-thirty. Then he set a backup alarm, his travel alarm clock, for four a.m. just in case he slept through the first alarm. After the tone of his talk with Shane, a missed flight would make tensions worse between Daniel and Shane. 

Three-thirty a.m. came with little sleep. Daniel hoped to get some sleep on the plane, but the lack of information on the situation in La Salle churned in his gut. He couldn’t understand the urgency. He couldn’t understand why they would need to be in La Salle for three nights. A day, maybe two, to get chewed-out by the client, visit the sites, and take photos, should be enough. 
Daniel didn’t look forward to getting blind-sided with questions about why the engineers designed it “that” way or how could “this” have failed. He had been through the blame-game before and had no desire to repeat it. Were Yanus and Nadine Russo as much in the dark as he was? 
Normally he would have called Yanus, to see what he knew. They became friends while working on the design for the La Salle floodwall upgrades a year ago. But unlike some people at ACE, he wasn’t going to call at all hours of the night.
“Juice and coffee?” the flight attendant asked.
“Just O.J., thanks,” he answered.
Daniel wanted to sleep, but his thoughts kept drifting back to his former career at the Ironwood Flats Nuclear Power Plant. 
Daniel was a dedicated, hard working nuclear engineer. A forty-hour workweek was rare for him back then. Daniel earned his Reactor Operator’s License. Controlling a nuclear reactor was not a task he really expected to do, but after transferring from engineering to operations, the operator’s license was an important career step. It was a proud accomplishment for Daniel, with a big boost in pay as well. 
He barely had his license six months when the incident happened. Daniel was filling in overnight in the control room.
“Operator error” was among the many disparaging conclusions of the incident report. The unnamed “operator” in the report was Daniel. It was a simple pump failure, but “the failure of the operator to instigate proper emergency procedures in a timely manner, magnified the impact of the incident,” the report stated. 
After a torturous three months of administrative leave, Daniel was officially out of a job. His operator’s license was also revoked and his career as a nuclear engineer was over. There were no injuries or casualties, but the report, and the multi-million dollar cost in repairs and lost revenue put a permanent black mark on his career as a nuclear engineer.



Chapter 2 

Daniel’s plane arrived almost an hour late. Yanus Fautonov and Nadine Russo, from Kansas City, were already in New Orleans, waiting in the airport terminal. 
Daniel found Yanus at the entrance to the baggage claim area. Yanus was dressed for the field in baggy blue jeans, a sport shirt, and work boots. 
“Yanus how are you? Been a long time, eh?” Daniel was happy to see a friendly face. 
“About a year ago, right here in Louisiana. Good to see you, Daniel,” Yanus’s accent was slight, softened by his many years of living in the U.S.
“Where’s Nadine?” Daniel asked.
“She’s renting the car. She should be done in a minute.”
“I hear this year’s company conference will be in K.C. September, right? We gonna be able to get some good Royals’ tickets?” Daniel asked.
“Are you kidding? There’re always good Royals tickets available. Now the Chiefs—forget about it,” Yanus said. “You’re the only one who wants Royals tickets, everyone else wants Chiefs tickets.”
“I’m a baseball junkie. How else could I sit through watching the Diamondbacks the last few years?” 
“You should be right at home watching the Royals,” Yanus said.
“Hey, when’s the last time you were back to visit the Ukraine?”
“Twenty years.” Yanus flipped a dismissive wave with his hand. “I almost went back in ’97, but there’s nothing for me there anymore.” 
A striking woman, about the same height as Yanus, began walking toward the two men from the car rental counter. Her straight, shoulder length, black hair curled slightly inward under her jawbone. Her dark hair and golden brown complexion contrasted sharply to Yanus’s pale skin and sandy brown hair, trimmed around his ears.
It was Nadine Russo. Daniel had seen her photo in the company newsletter, participating in some corporate charity event. She was a rising star in the company. Although they had never met, he recognized her immediately. Women engineers tend to stand out from the crowd.
Nadine wore a mix of business and casual clothes, with slim black jeans and a green polo shirt under a black blazer. Daniel figured the blazer was for the meeting, and the jeans were for traveling and possibly a site visit. 
Yanus leaned into Daniel’s ear. “I need to talk to you after dinner—just you and me,” he said softly as Nadine approached. 
“Nadine,” Yanus spoke up. “This is Daniel Hartwick. Daniel, this is Nadine Russo. We always make the new person get the car rental,” Yanus kidded. 
Nadine Russo and Yanus may be close in height, but they were not in stature. Yanus was heftier, but not flabby or muscle bound. Nadine Russo was lean, like a runner. She looked to be in her late thirties. Yanus, like Daniel, was in his upper forties.
“Pleased to meet you, Daniel,” Nadine said as she shook his hand. Her grip was firm and confident, but not crushing like some handshakes. “Yanus speaks highly of you.” 
“Good to meet you. I pay him well for that kind’ve endorsement.” Daniel said, nodding towards Yanus. “Would you believe it was foggy in Phoenix? You don’t see that very often.”
 “Our flight was late too, so I guess it didn’t matter,” Nadine said. 
Daniel didn’t know much about her. She did not work on the original rehabilitation design, but was apparently taking over managing the project. It was a cordial first meeting. A good start, Daniel thought. 
 
Two men leaned on the large square column near baggage claim. They were average in size and appearance and blended in well. One man reached into his pocket and flipped open his vibrating cell phone. “Yes,” he answered in a low tone.
The other man continued to stare at the three subjects.
“Have they arrived?” the voice on the phone responded.
“Yes, finally,” he said.
“Including our friend?” the voice asked.
“Yes. Our friend too.”
“Did they see you?”
“Of course not,” the man said louder than he wanted too. He glanced up at the subjects, two men and a woman. They continued to talk with each other. “They don’t know us anyway,” he continued.
“Our friend would be able to tell if he got a good look at you two. He can tell the difference between us and them.”
“We’re far enough away,’” the man said. “Now what?”
“Nothing yet. Keep an eye on them until they get here,” the voice said. “It’s a long drive. Don’t loose sight of them”
“Got it.” He hung up.

“Shall we hit the road?” Nadine said. “You guys can catch up in the car.” 
She was the youngest of the three engineers, but showed no hesitation in taking control.
“I’m ready.” Daniel lifted his small rolling bag to show them he had all of his stuff. 
“We’ll be late for our meeting,” Nadine took charge. “I told the District Engineer we’d be there at four, thinking we could check-in at the hotel first, but we may have to go directly to the district office.” 
The client was the La Salle Flood Control District, which had jurisdiction over the La Salle levees and flood protection system. 
Nadine led the way toward the airport terminal exit.
“Let’s go,” Yanus said. “I’ll take the back, you ride shotgun, Daniel. You could use the leg room.”
“No argument here,” Daniel said as they wheeled their bags out together.

The drive up I-10 did not go as planned. The highway was a parking lot. The mass of cars and trucks sat on the freeway, almost still at times, halfway between New Orleans and Baton Rouge. They crept along for another hour before passing the inconsiderate offender. A tractor-trailer blew a tire and jackknifed, blocking all lanes just south of Baton Rouge. Nadine inched the rented Taurus past the toppled truck and the flagman, on the freeway shoulder.
“I better call the District,” Nadine said. “There is no way we will be able to get there by the time the office closes.”
“So much for our important meeting. It’s a good thing we got up ridiculously early just to get together for dinner tonight,” Daniel said as they exited I-10 onto Highway 37. “I’m going to enjoy needling Shane about this escapade.”
Highway 37 seemed to go on forever. It roughly parallels the Mississippi River, except that the Mississippi has some large loops and switchbacks, sending the river miles from the roadway at times.
“Do you guys know as little as I do about why we are here?” Daniel asked. “I got the impression we messed up somewhere, but I couldn’t get anything out of Gorman. Just get there ASAP was all he said.”
“Guys, you say?” Nadine said.
“Uh, that would be one guy, and one lady,” Daniel corrected himself.
“Better,” Nadine said. “I didn’t think there were any design issues or design problems.” 
“Then what’s going on?”
“Jackson said there has been some vandalism or sabotage on the rehab work.”
“I wish I knew that last night,” Daniel said. “I still don’t know why we’re here. Shouldn’t this be handled by district security or police or the FBI?”
“I expect they’re looking for some inspection and maybe redesign. You know, to make repairs and make it more resistant to tampering,” Nadine answered. “They also want some expert inspection of the rehab work, to make sure they haven’t missed anything.”
“Why don’t they just run a stake-out or something until they catch whoever is doing this?” Daniel continued. “And why didn’t Shane tell me that last night, so that I wouldn’t have stewed over this all night?”
“He probably didn’t know himself. He was probably thinking the same thing you were,” Nadine said.
“Probably thinking my days at ACE were numbered,” Daniel said.
She chuckled. “I hope you’re kidding. You gotta think positive. You get what you expect to get out of situations like this.”
“Huh?” Daniel didn’t get it.
“He’s just paranoid,” Yanus said.
“Scripting your life. If you expect bad things to happen, you’re more likely to attract bad things to come your way,” Nadine explained enthusiastically. “Same goes for the good stuff.” 
Daniel got it. He wasn’t sure he bought it, but he understood it.
 “You’ve got nothing to worry about,” she air tapped him on the arm, reaching for, but not quite touching his left arm.
“OK then,” Daniel said in agreement, but the skeptic inside him still had to think it over.
“I know you’re not really buying this, but it’s true,” she said confidently.
“I think he’s just absorbed too much radiation out there in the desert,” Yanus said. “Hey, did you bring your watch?”
“Yes, I brought my special watch,” Daniel moaned. “You’re easily entertained.”
“What’s so special about the watch?” Nadine asked. 
“It has a Geiger counter built-in,” Yanus answered for Daniel. “You’d be surprised how many times his watch picks up radiation.”
“It’s more of a toy than anything. There’s background radiation everywhere,” Daniel said, “sometimes ‘round medical equipment, or just flying on a jet. Potassium chloride, you know the sodium-free water softener stuff? You can get elevated readings just from a bag of KCL.”
They continued their drive through rural Louisiana. Nadine made good time behind the wheel. Yanus was never short of things to talk about or questions to ask.
The bends in the road were getting sharper. The tires squealed around a ninety-degree bend in the road. 
“Sorry about that,” she said. “That turn was a little sharper than it looked.” 
“You gotta watch these young drivers,” Yanus smiled.
“I wouldn’t go there.” She looked in the mirror at Yanus. “Unfortunately for me, I’ve seen you drive.” 
“There was a UFO,” Yanus leaned diagonally forward, poking his head between the two bucket seats. “It was very distracting.” 
“Distracting? I never heard UFO’s described that way.” Daniel said.
“Yeah, distracted you right into a ditch,” Nadine replied. “You and your UFO’s.”
“They’re out there, trust me. Remember those lights over Phoenix?” Yanus asked, looking at Daniel. “Nine-ten years ago?” he continued. “Your government’s explanations were a little weak for that one, yes?”
“Sure. Whatever you say,” Daniel said sarcastically. “Maybe they were just some angels flying around to look over us earthlings.”
“Angels?” Nadine asked with a smile. “Now that’s a new one.”
“We’ve all got angels looking out for us,” Yanus said, as though he was stating the obvious.
“Like guardian angels?” she said.
“Of course,” Yanus answered.
Daniel caught Nadine’s eye and shrugged his shoulders. Maybe he shouldn’t have brought up the angel stuff. Yanus was interesting, inquisitive, and a little quirky. He attributed much of Yanus’s quirkiness to being an immigrant, but some of his ideas were too far out-there for many people.
“What about your brother, Daniel? Now, he’ll tell you about UFO’s.” Yanus pointed his index finger.
“I’m sorry I told you about that one,” Daniel said.
“Your brother saw a UFO?” Nadine asked. She seemed amused by all the talk of angels and UFO’s.
“He thinks he saw a UFO.”
“Let’s hear it,” she said, “unless you want to talk about engineering.” She tilted her head feigned a snore.
“It’s nothing,” Daniel said. “He was visiting a friend of his at a cabin on Arnold’s Lake, a small lake in upstate New York. Some heavy thunderstorms came through. The storms spawned a tornado. In this case it was a waterspout since it was over the lake.” 
 “Here’s where the tequila took over.” Daniel took a deep breath. “He insists he saw a space ship or UFO of some kind, either behind or inside the funnel?” He paused a few seconds. “That’s it, end of story.”
“Ha! See?” Yanus slapped his hand down on the front console armrest.
“Guardian angels and UFO’s!” Nadine shrugged her shoulders. “Well OK then. Maybe we should stick to engineering.”
They continued along the narrow roadway, passing an occasional car or pickup going the other direction.
 “La Salle 3,” the sign read. They craned their heads to look ahead for signs of the levees that ringed the town. 
“My grandfather worked on the La Salle levees and floodwalls back in the twenties,” she said as they approached La Salle. “He worked for the contractor, hired by the Lapointe Land Company.”
“You have a history with this place?” Daniel asked.
“Indirectly,” she said. “They rebuilt most of the pump stations in the late sixties, though.”
The road curved to the right to expose the twenty to twenty-five-foot high berm of earth holding back the Mississippi. They were headed directly toward the Mississippi River levee. 
Nadine made an abrupt, sharp left turn, tossing their shoulders to the right. “That was another sharp one,” she said.
They began a slow climb toward a smaller berm, less than half the height of the Mississippi levee. The Ford Taurus rental car climbed up the small canal berm and onto the short bridge that spanned the canal, to expose the mix of brick and white wood-sided buildings below. 

 “Welcome to La Salle, Population 2900, Elevation 40” the sign on the canal bridge read.
Acres of farmland, scattered farmhouses, and clusters of small houses, lay beyond the town center, within the surrounding levee. The sun’s rays barely touched the top of the mound of earth, holding back the Mississippi to the east.
Daniel was fascinated by the fact that most of the houses lie well below the waterline elevation of the adjacent Mississippi River. All that separated the home from the rush of the river was a mound of dirt. It was an imposing mound of dirt. 
The La Salle area had once served as one of the many natural Mississippi floodwater pressure-relief valves. Floodwater would break through at the low spots along the riverbanks, which helped to keep the river flood levels lower. 
Many of those flood relief valves had since been plugged with higher levees and floodwalls in order to make way for cities and towns, or to reclaim farmland. 
La Salle was a small farming town in a flat basin just west of the Mississippi. For centuries, before the Lapointe Land Company built the La Salle levees, the Mississippi would routinely flood the area leaving rich fertile deposits behind.
“Five forty, not exactly the way we planned it. Let’s go to the hotel, check in, and arrange to meet for dinner,” Nadine said. “We’re booked at the La Salle Inn up ahead on Pearl Street. I think it’s the only hotel in the area, so hopefully it’s OK.”
“I need to make a call and get a few things together,” Yanus said. “Let’s meet at six-thirty.”
“Sounds good to me,” Daniel agreed, thinking he could talk with Yanus before dinner, instead of waiting until after.

There were fewer than forty rooms in the La Salle Inn. The two-story hotel was U-shaped with the central lobby fronting Pearl Street. The lobby was in the bottom portion of the “U” on the first floor. The front desk was in the middle, with a meeting room to the left, and a restaurant to the right.
Shades of tan and brown dominated the lobby. Non-distinctive earth tones covered everything from the old chairs to the sheetrock walls, broken up by the olive green curtains on the windows.

“Here you are ma’am.” The desk clerk handed Nadine the key to her room. ”Second floor, above the lobby. Just up those stairs.” The clerk pointed.
Yanus’s room was in the north wing of the building on the first floor. Daniel had room 203 in the south wing. 
Between the front desk and the restaurant rose the main stairway and a single elevator. Daniel skipped the elevator, carried his small suitcase up the stairs, and wheeled it toward the south wing. 
Once in his room, Daniel dialed Yanus’s room—number 121. 
“Hello, Daniel?” Yanus answered. 
“You got ESP,” Daniel said. “How’s your room?”
“Perfect. Come over for a few minutes before dinner.”
“I’m going to check in on Sarah and then I’ll be over,” Daniel said. “So, what’s this mystery about? Something you can’t talk about in front of Nadine? Girl trouble maybe?” 
“I can’t figure it out. Is Sarah your dog or your wife?” Yanus said. “Maybe both, huh?”
“Very funny.” It was clear to Daniel that Yanus wasn’t going to offer any explanation until they got together to talk. 
“I’ll prop the door open for you,” Yanus said.
 


Chapter 3

Yanus opened the door slightly and turned the deadbolt knob so that the deadbolt was projecting out. He let the deadbolt rest against the door jam, propping open the door. 
He thought he would go through the restaurant menu while he waited. Since dinner was at company expense, he wanted to get the most out of it. 
He heard footsteps. The door hinges creaked. Daniel showed up sooner than he expected.
“That was quick. Come in,” he said turning toward the door as it opened.
“Oh!” Yanus stepped back. “What are you doing here?” He tossed the menu on the bed. 
The man entered and approached Yanus, but didn’t answer.
“You have to go, right away,” Yanus continued. “I am expecting someone here any minute. I don’t want to have to explain you being here.”
 “You won’t have to, Sunan,” the man said.

Without pausing, the man swung his left arm from behind his back, pressed a black stun gun into Yanus’s ribcage, and zapped him with fifty-thousand volts. 
Yanus jolted violently and dropped to the floor like a felled tree. “Sorry about that, Sunan, or Yanus, or whatever you’re calling yourself today. No time to waste with someone coming over.” 
The man knelt down on one knee next to Yanus, and plunged a small hypodermic needle into his neck. Within seconds, Yanus’s eyelids dropped. He was out. “You’re coming with us this time.” 
A second man backed in from the hall, pulling a large storage trunk on wheels. It was the size of a large footlocker. “Come on, Jenson. Let’s load him up,” the triggerman with the stun gun waved him in.
“I’m coming. I’m coming,” Jenson said.
They picked Yanus up off the floor and rolled him into the trunk. The triggerman pushed Yanus’s head down and pulled his knees up, almost to his chest, so they could wedge his feet into the trunk. 
They tossed some loose papers and clothes into the trunk, on top of his curled up body, and shut the lid. Jenson tossed Yanus’s carry-on suitcase on top of the lid. 
Yanus was only about five-seven or eight and one hundred seventy pounds. With the added weight of his luggage and the trunk itself, it was more than a two-hundred pound load. 
They wrestled the trunk out the room door and into the hallway. They stopped in front of the exit door that led to the stairs. The triggerman held the door, while the Jenson pulled the trunk through the open doorway into the stairwell. They let the door slam shut. 
To their left were the stairs leading to the second floor. Straight ahead was the exit door to the outside. The hinges were bent and the door hung crooked. The bottom of the crooked door caught on the floor sill plate, preventing it from closing completely.
Clicking noises resonated down the stairwell. They popped their heads up in unison. It sounded like the upper stairwell door latch—someone was entering the stairwell. They quickly bent down and jerked up each end of the trunk, then charged toward the exit door. 
Jenson’s back slammed into the door forcing it open. He then flung the door fully open with a push from his butt. The door swung all the way open, then bounced back. The automatic closure mechanism on the top of the door began pulling the door shut. The door whacked the side of the trunk with a crunch. They continued through the opening, with the edge of the door scraping on the side of the trunk. 
Once through, the crooked door slammed and bounced off the door jam. 
They continued toward their waiting car, a Ford Crown Victoria.



Chapter 4

As darkness approached, Larry Johansson walked down Elm Street toward Hawthorn Drive with his black Labrador retriever, Napoleon. This was his routine almost every day, morning and evening, for the past four years. 
Elm ran parallel and one block west of Pearl Street, dead-ending into Hawthorn. Hawthorn Drive ran alongside the levee, connecting Elm and Pearl Streets. Larry would sometimes turn right on Hawthorn toward Pearl and the La Salle Inn, but he preferred to take Napoleon the opposite direction. The north pump station, a favorite pit stop of Napoleon’s, was about a quarter mile down Hawthorn on the right.
Larry had stopped growing when he reached sixteen, or at least it looked that way. If only he had also stopped aging. At one time he was five-foot seven, but over the years lost almost an inch. He had a long and narrow rugged face. The discoloration from the burns on his left side had faded into wrinkles and age spots. 
His hair was scraggly and gray, but still mostly there. He looked more like an aging computer geek than a mechanic. Social skills were never his strong suit. 
Larry never married. He had few close friends. His only brother lived in Spokane. They didn’t talk much. He was pretty much on his own in Louisiana. 
“Come on, Napoleon, we have a job to do at the old pump station. Stick with your old man.” He sensed his lab wanted to take a different route, but Napoleon was trained well enough to stay close, even without a leash.
Tonight was not exactly Larry’s usual walk with Napoleon. Ken, from the construction company working on the levee upgrades, had asked a little favor of Larry. They were in the midst of a union dispute. Ken had seen Larry walking by regularly and asked for some after-hours assistance. He was willing to pay for it, too. This was the third little favor for Ken, but the first at the north pump station.
Larry knew he could get himself in trouble if caught, but it was for the union. What could they do to an old man anyway, he thought.
Larry had been in the union for thirty years at the Purchase Oil Refinery outside of Baton Rouge. As a plant mechanic, with no college education, Larry made a modest living. He was able to own his two-bedroom, twelve-hundred square foot ranch house, a mile from the plant. 
The union went to bat for Larry back in 1994. He fell off the side of the forklift he was repairing and wrenched his back. He was on disability for four months. When he started working at Purchase, it was an independent refinery. It was bought out shortly after the explosion in 1967. 
Larry’s ankle ached on and off, and was never the same since the explosion, but it was his ailing back that enabled him to retire early at half pay. When he retired, he moved up to La Salle to get away from the plant for good. He wanted to be nowhere near the lights, the noise, the fumes, and the constant threat of toxic leaks and deadly explosions. He walked as much as he could to keep his ankle and back loose.
Larry approached Hawthorn and was about to make his usual left. Off to the right, he caught a glimpse of activity on Hawthorn, around the rear exit of the La Salle Inn. “Who would want to stay here in La Salle?” he said to Napoleon.
Napoleon looked up at his master, appearing to take in every word.
“It is pretty late to be checking out,” he said curiously. There was a lot of luggage too, from what his sixty-four-year-old eyes could see. “Could they be helping themselves to some hotel room stuff?” A TV would be the likely choice, but it could also be a mini-fridge, or some other piece of furniture. Maybe it was just a big crate or a luggage trunk. 
Two men, about medium height and weight, hoisted the large crate into the trunk of what looked like an old Crown Victoria or Grand Marquis. Both men were about the same size as Ken, the union rep. Although Ken wouldn’t be here, he lives in Morganza. 
They were a couple hundred feet away. The streetlights on Pearl silhouetted the men, so he couldn’t make out their faces. There were no streetlights on Hawthorn Drive.
“Come on, Napoleon. To the stinky old pump station we go. I may have to tie you up when we get there, OK?”
The car drove off toward Pearl and swung a U-turn on Hawthorn back toward Elm. The large sedan swayed as it took a sharp left onto Elm.

“You’re going a little fast there Karson, don’t you think?” Jenson said.
“Do you think the old man could make us?” Karson, the driver said.
“No, not from that distance, besides, we were just loading our luggage into the car.”
“That’s easy for you to say. He doesn’t know you.” Karson drove on as planned, looking back two more times in the rear-view mirror toward Hawthorn Drive. 



Chapter 5

The hallways were dimly lit, creating some eerie shadows around the corners and doorway nooks. Energy-saving light bulbs, Daniel thought. He walked by room 221 and room 223. He leaned on the stairwell door across the hall from room 223. The bar that operated the latch resisted. He pushed harder until it clicked open. 
Daniel heard footsteps and banging doors as he entered the white concrete block stairwell. The fluorescent, workshop style, lights in the stairwell created a stark contrast to the hallway “mood” lighting. The stairway, which doubled as an emergency exit, was unheated, damp and drafty. 
He maneuvered down the steps to the first floor. The emergency exit door on the first floor was out of alignment and didn’t shut all the way. 
He was glad to get back into the dim, yet warm, hallway. The door to room 121 was propped open, as planned, with the older mechanical deadbolt sticking out. 
“Yanus?” Daniel knocked twice and pushed open the door. He entered and looked around, but the room appeared empty. “I hope I wrote down the right room,” he said aloud to himself. “Of course, it’s the right room, he propped the door open.” 
Daniel looked in the bathroom and opened the closet. “Maybe he went to get Nadine.” 
Daniel picked up the phone and pressed “0.” 
“Front desk, this is Julie.”
“May I have Nadine Russo’s room?” he asked. “I don’t remember her room number.”
“Just a minute, I’ll ring her room.”
After five rings, a recording answered, “the party you have dialed is not answering. Please leave a message after the tone. If you would like further assistance please dial zero at any time.”
Daniel waited for the tone. “Hi Nadine, this is Daniel, just checking to see if you’re still there. I’m in Yanus’s room. We arranged to meet before dinner, but he isn’t here, so I thought maybe he went to get you. Something seems a little strange here, but I guess I will just see you both at dinner.”
Daniel hung up and dialed “0” again. 
“Front desk, this is Julie.”
“This is Daniel Hartwick, Room 203, are there any messages for me?”
“Let me check,” she answered. 
Daniel re-scanned the room again. There was no luggage, no clothes, and no evidence of anyone occupying the room.
“No messages, Mr. Hartwick.”
“Thanks.” Daniel hung up, retracted the deadbolt and shut the door. He walked down the hall toward the lobby.



Chapter 6

Karson drove the Crown Victoria down Elm Street. Small houses lined the street. They were mostly ranches, with some bungalows and a few two-story homes mixed in. 
The houses on the east side backed up to the rear of the commercial property on Pearl Street. The houses on the west backed up to acres of farmland. 
There was still a warm orange glow on the horizon between the houses on the right, from the setting sun. 
He continued on Elm to a stop sign at Pitre. He flipped on his directional light and stopped completely. It was part of their training. “Obey all traffic laws,” his trainers would say. “Don’t attract attention to yourself.” 
For transportation, he bought an all-American Ford. He liked the roominess and the soft, quiet ride of the Crown Victoria. He realized soon after he bought it that a pick-up truck would have been more appropriate for La Salle. 
He turned right from Elm onto Pitre Lane. About a half mile, down on the right was the farmhouse of George and Emily Hughes. 
It was a small farmhouse, more like a bungalow, with white wood siding. The roof sloped toward the sides. Under the peak, in the front of the house, was a single double hung window. Below the window was a covered porch. It made the house look quite long from front to back. 
The driveway ran along the right side of the house. It led back toward a parking area in the rear. Straight back was the end of a large barn. 
Karson pulled the Crown Vic around the back, so that the house shielded the car from view of the street.
He came to a stop by the back door and popped the trunk of the car. They hopped out of the car. Karson lifted the trunk lid. They each grabbed one end of the luggage trunk, with Yanus inside. 
“On three, OK,” Karson said. 
“One, two, three!” They hoisted it up, out of the car trunk, and set it on the ground behind the car. They lifted it up again and hauled it up the three back-door steps, though the door, and into the kitchen. They plopped it down on the floor.
“How much of that stuff did you give him?” Jenson asked.
“About a half a vile,” Karson answered. “He should be waking up soon. We’d better get him downstairs quick and tie him up.”
George Hughes walked in from the living room. “I assume you got him in there,” he said pointing toward the trunk. “He’s still alive right?”
“Of course,” Karson said.
“Bring him downstairs and get him out of sight. And watch him. Let me know when he wakes up.”
George Hughes opened what looked like a closet door. The two men carried the trunk through the open door to awaiting stairs. They slowly slid it down the stairs into the basement, banging the trunk on every step. Karson and Jenson unloaded Yanus’s limp body from the trunk and sat him on the floor. They propped him up against the cold, concrete basement wall.
Yanus promptly flopped over like a passed out drunk, hitting the side of his head on the floor. Jenson propped him back up only to have him fall over again. “Just leave him there,” Karson said. “He’ll get up on his own soon enough.”
They each took a seat on some folding chairs across from Yanus and waited.
It was a few minutes before Yanus began to stir. He opened his eyes and set himself upright against the wall, saying nothing.

Yanus slowly put his hand to his head. He squinted and rubbed his temples in a circular motion with his fingers. 
“What did you guys do to me?” Yanus said as he began to look around the basement. “You didn’t have to zap me like that. I’m not your enemy.”
“We couldn’t take that chance, Sunan,” George Hughes said coming down the creaky wooden stairs. “You skipped-out on us ten years ago. We need to make sure you go back this time, with Karson and Jenson here.” 
George Hughes looked to be in his sixties. He had streaky gray hair, slightly wavy and cut short around the ears, with just a half-inch or so of sideburns. Many years of working out in the Louisiana sun tanned and wrinkled his skin. He was probably quite distinguished in his younger days.
“I stayed here to help,” Yanus responded. “I tried to get them to leave the pump station alone, but I couldn’t convince them.”
“That’s weak. How would you know ten years ago this would come up?” Hughes stared straight into Yanus’s eyes. “You just didn’t want to go home with the rest of your countrymen.” 
“You know you can’t stay here. If they found out about you, they’d lock you up and stash you away.” Hughes went on. “They’ve done it before.” 
“We were lucky we got Boris, Hanny, and your father out, back in Baton Rouge.” Hughes began to pace. “We couldn’t do that unnoticed today.”
“Unnoticed? They noticed alright.” Yanus said. “Three dead, more burned and a burned out refinery? They noticed. They just never found out the real cause.”
“You know what I mean. They cannot find out that we are here. We did what we had to do. We minimized the losses as much as we could. You should be grateful we got your father out,” Hughes said, keeping his distance from Yanus.
“I am. But now you’re going to flood the town. You’ll destroy them, and for what?” Yanus asked, not expecting an answer. “Whose dumb idea was it to stash that stuff here anyway?”
“You’re exaggerating. They’ll recover,” Hughes said. 
“Let’s just leave it,” Yanus said. “Let ‘em find it. They’ll freak out for a while, than forget about it. Or,” he raised his long index finger, “the government will just cover it up.”
“So, maybe I should just call the U.S. government and be done with it,” Hughes said. “You are naïve, Sunan. Now you got this Hartwick guy involved. You did that on purpose, didn’t you Sunan? You realize if you shared any of this with him, we’ll need to deal with him too.”
“I didn’t. He knows nothing. As his friend, why would I do that?”
“But, you were going to, weren’t you?” Hughes said looking intently at Yanus.
Yanus didn’t answer. What could he say? What else did they know?
 “You looked surprised. You think we forgot how to bug phone calls. You think we don’t know that you got him assigned to this? They didn’t need him here, you did.”
“He’s a friend. I like working with him.”
“Why was he coming to your room? What was the mystery he was referring to?” Hughes stepped forward and pointed straight at Yanus’s face. “What mystery were you going to unravel for him?”
“Nothing,” he answered. “You realize he’ll be looking for me now—so will the police.”
“No kidding. Had to be done. This is getting far too risky,” Hughes said. “It’s not easy to hide anymore. That’s why we’re going to finish here and get out. We’re all getting out. And we may not be able to come back for awhile.”
“Even you?” Yanus asked.
“Maybe,” Hughes answered. “We planned to stay here for ten more years, but I think we should all just go back, as soon as we take care of this mess.”
Upstairs, the vintage 1960’s phone jingled. The ring of the old metal telephone bells resonated through the house.

“Hello?” Emily Hughes answered. “Yes, Kalo.” She stood with her eyes focused intently on the old desktop telephone. The phone sat on a small round mahogany table. The table was forty-years old, like the phone and much of the furniture in their home.
“OK. Did you check the room to make sure it was clean?” she asked. The lines on her forehead deepened as she listened. “OK. Are you sure it’s clean?” 
“Where were you when you heard them?” she asked. She brushed her wavy, shoulder length silvery hair with her free hand. “Good. Don’t compromise your cover. We need you out there to keep an eye on them.”
“OK. Bye.” A small smile escaped.

Yanus tried to listen from downstairs, but all he could make out was something about “clean” and “cover.”
Emily Hughes came to the top of the stairs. “They’re in the lobby talking about rechecking the room and calling the police already.”
“The sheriff’s office won’t do anything tonight,” George Hughes replied, looking at Karson, then Jenson. “Are you sure you got everything out of the room?” 
“Everything’s out,” Karson said.
Jenson looked straight ahead, but not at George Hughes.
“Are you sure?” Hughes demanded, glaring at Jenson.
“We got all of Sunan’s stuff, but we’re missing the hypodermic,” Jenson said.
Hughes dropped his head. He brought both hands to his forehead and began rubbing his temples with his fingers. “You’ll have to go back,” he said firmly “Do you have the stun gun?” he asked, still rubbing.
“Of course,” Karson said.
Hughes rolled his eyes, and shook his head. 
“You’ve gotta go back! Tonight! We can’t have anybody analyzing that hypo. You couldn’t just use local drugs, huh,” he said. “You had to use our stuff.” 
“It works better,” Jenson said.
Hughes fought to look calm. “They’ll know something’s strange if they analyze what’s in that hypo.” 
“Relax,” Karson said. “This puny town can’t do that kind of analysis.”
“They’ll send it out,” Hughes said, raising his voice. “We can’t afford to be this careless. Just find it!”
Hughes turned to go up the stairs. “Wait a few hours,” he said looking back. “And don’t get caught. We can’t come after you if you get caught.”
Hughes reached the first step and stopped. He returned to the bottom and pulled Jenson aside. “Before you go tonight,” he said quietly, “I need you to secure the upstairs. You know, cover the window and nail it shut.”
Hughes looked over at Yanus. Yanus seemed preoccupied, rubbing and massaging the back of his head. 
“We can’t leave him down here with all of our equipment,” he continued. “Nail the door shut once he’s inside. I’ll go in the morning and get a good lock for the door.”



Chapter 7

It was almost six-thirty when Daniel reached the lobby. Nadine was already there. 
She sat in one of two well-worn chairs in the middle of the lobby. A coffee table and a small area rug in front of the chairs finished the small sitting area. 
The chair had seen better days. Threads trailed off the welt along the edge of the tan seat cushion. The polyurethane finish had worn off the ends of the oak armrests. The sagging straps supporting the cushion barely cleared the floor. She looked at ease, despite sitting in the beat-up chair. Daniel walked briskly up to her.
She looked up and saw Daniel approach. “I was ready, so I thought I would come down here and wait,” she said. “I haven’t seen Yanus yet.”
“I was supposed to meet him in his room before dinner, but he wasn’t there.” Daniel put his hands on his hips. “I can’t find him.” 
He walked around the back of the old chair. “There was something he wanted to talk to me about. The door to his room was propped open. He said it would be.” Daniel turned around and walked back to the front of the chair. 
Nadine twisted her neck and torso, from her seat, to follow his movement.
“The room was empty. I was hoping he was down here with you.” He folded his arms across his chest.
Nadine did the same. “I haven’t seen him or talked to him since we checked in,” she said. “What did he want to talk to you about?”
“He didn’t say,” Daniel said. “It was strange that he couldn’t just wait for dinner.”
“Maybe he wanted to re-live some old times,” she replied. “Maybe it was some guy talk.” 
“Yeah right—guy talk—like in those annoying beer commercials?” Daniel took a step toward the other chair and stopped. He wasn’t sure whether to sit, stand, or do something other than just wait around. Judging by how low Nadine sank into the chair, he figured he’d be sitting on the floor if he sat down. “Let’s give him a few more minutes.”
“He must be around here someplace,” Nadine said, pushing herself up and out of the sagging chair.
“I guess we can check outside, recheck his room, ask around.” Daniel said. “There was something strange about his room though. And I’m sure it would be an overreaction, at this point, to call the police.”
Nadine looked up. “What was in his room that would make you say that?”
“I don’t know. It wasn’t all messy, like my room. I basically throw stuff all over the room. The first thing I do is throw my suitcase and briefcase on the bed, and put my toothpaste and shaving stuff in the bathroom. I don’t recall seeing any of that stuff in his room.”
“Maybe he’s just very neat,” she responded. “I’m sure he’s around. He’ll show up.”
Daniel peered into the restaurant, but Yanus was nowhere to be found. Daniel and Nadine wandered around the lobby until almost seven, carefully watching the front door and the hallway for signs of Yanus.
“Let’s go recheck the room,” Nadine said. “You said the door was open?”
“I locked it when I left,” he answered. “I now wish I hadn’t. Let’s check anyway.” 
They walked down the dimly lit hallway to room 121. The walls of the hall and doorways were banged up, but not too bad for an older hotel. The room was locked as Daniel left it. He knocked on the door.
“Yanus,” Nadine raised her voice.
No one answered.
“Hmm!” Nadine turned her ear toward the door. “I actually thought I heard some noise inside as we walked up here.”
“Yeah, me too! But these walls are so thin it could have come from any of these rooms.”
“Let’s ask around,” Nadine said. “Somebody must’ve seen him.”
They walked back down the hall to the lobby. They looked around corners and through any open doors for signs of Yanus.
They walked up to the front desk. A young woman, with the nametag “Julie,” was looking down at a computer screen behind the counter.
“Hi, I’m Daniel Hartwick in room 203. I spoke to you earlier from room 121, Yanus Fautonov’s room?”
“Yes, I remember,” Julie said. “Did you find him?”
“No, and we’re not sure where to look next,” Daniel said. “Have you seen him? Do you know what he looks like?”
“I wasn’t here when you checked in, so I wouldn’t know him even if I saw him.”
“He is about five-eight,” Nadine said holding her hand at the top of her head. “He’s got a normal build, with light brown hair. Last time I saw him he had on blue jeans and a grey striped sport shirt.” 
“He’s got kind’ve a chiseled look, if that makes any sense,” she continued, gliding her fingers along her jawbone. “He’s from the Ukraine and speaks with a little accent.”
“That doesn’t ring a bell. Let me call Abe, our hotel security,” Julie offered.
Julie picked up the phone and dialed. She repeated Nadine’s description of Yanus to the person on the other end. “Ok,” Julie said to the handset. “Thanks.” She hung up. 
“He hasn’t seen anyone with that description. There is a local watering hole a half-a-block down from here, maybe he stopped in there and lost track of time.”
“That doesn’t sound like him,” Daniel said. “He was supposed to meet us here first anyway.”
Julie shrugged her shoulders.
“Which way is this place?” Daniel asked.
“Just take a right, out the front door,” Julie answered. “Uncle Sallie’s is a half-a-block down on the right across the street from the sheriff’s office.”
“Uncle Sallie’s?” Daniel asked. “Is that a he or a she?”
Julie shrugged her shoulders, showing her empty palms.
“Across from the sheriff’s office? Pretty convenient if you were to get drunk and disorderly, and need to be locked up,” Daniel said. He couldn’t help tossing out some dry sarcasm.
“Oh, there’s only a single deputy on-call at night. He pretty much leaves them alone,” Julie said, without even a hint of a smile.
“Let’s go look. What have we got to lose,” Nadine said.
“If you or your security guard see Yanus, please call us or have him call one of our cell phones,” Daniel asked Julie.
“No problem, what’s your number?”
Daniel reached deep into his pants pockets. “I guess I left my cell in my room. I’m not used to carrying it around.”
“Yanus doesn’t even have one. Didn’t want one,” Nadine said. “Another one of his quirks.”
Another quirk, Daniel thought. He raised his eyebrows and looked curiously at Nadine. She thinks that’s a quirk. Daniel thought it made sense. At only 46, am I becoming an old relic?
“I’ll give her my number,” Nadine offered. “Why don’t you run back to your room and get your phone, just in case he calls yours.”
Daniel trotted up the stairs, running almost head-on into a younger man on his way down. The man had a burgundy shirt on, similar to Julie’s, except his shirt had “Security” stitched into the pocket. He wore faded blue jeans and sneakers. That must be Abe. He was not very intimidating for a security guard. He was a skinny, five-foot ten, but at least they had security.
Maybe Abe would open Yanus’s room for us later, he thought. 
Daniel made his way to his room, grabbed his phone from his briefcase, and walked briskly back to the lobby.



Chapter 8

Daniel and Nadine hung a right out the front door. The building next door had a small hardware store on the first floor. The storefront had no fancy window display, just a large picture window with blinds drawn for the evening. 
The second floor windows had no blinds or curtains. Boxes appeared to be stacked inside in front of both windows. Probably just storage, Daniel figured. 
There was a faded wooden sign on the next building hanging on a wrought iron bracket. “Uncle Sallie’s” was hand painted in an arc near the top of the sign. Just below was a caricature of a man’s, or maybe a woman’s face, with long wavy hair and a mustache. 
They both did a double take, as if on queue. “What kind of as place is this?” Daniel asked.
“I wouldn’t want to be going in there alone,” Nadine said.
“Me neither,” Daniel agreed.
He opened the door for Nadine, expecting to see drag queens, bearded ladies, and circus oddities at the bar. 
It was a pizza and beer joint filled with a dozen or more patrons. There were families having dinner, couples, and a few men bellied up to the bar. All but two or three customers were in blue jeans. Two middle age couples shared a booth, pizza, wings, and a pitcher, but there was no sigh of Yanus. 
Nadine and Daniel passed an old man on his way out. There was another older man at the far end of the bar, getting a draft from the barmaid. A colorful tattoo on his forearm spelled out “Rosalie” just above a red rose. There was still no Yanus.
The billiard table near the back was active under a colorful hanging Tiffany-style lamp. The clap of an aggressive break sent fifteen resin billiard balls everywhere but in a pocket.
“This looks like the kind’ve place I’d see in my old hometown,” Daniel said.
“Phoenix?” she asked, a little surprised. 
“No, I’m originally from upstate New York, rural New York.”
She nodded, not asking for specifics.
They walked up to the bar where a couple of men were sipping bourbon or rye. Daniel assumed they were farmers winding down after a long day in the fields. He had no clue what they really did for a living, but that’s what most people did in La Salle.
Nadine introduced herself to the two men. They seemed taken aback by this direct, good-looking woman, coming up to them. She looked straight into the eyes of the closest man, while he and his buddy scanned her from head to toe. She described Yanus to the two men as they sized her up. 
The man with the “Rosalie” tattoo handed the barmaid a couple of bills.
“Thanks Herb. Were gonna miss ya around here.” She pocketed the tip and walked over toward Nadine and the two men.
“Haven’t seen ‘im,” the first man said.
“Nope,” said the second man, as he continued his scan.
Nadine stayed focused on the faces of the two men.
“You’re the first strangers I’ve seen tonight,” the barmaid offered with a slight drawl.
“We could use a photo,” Daniel said.
The two men paid no attention to Daniel.
Nadine and Daniel backed away from them.
“I don’t think any stranger could come through here unnoticed,” Nadine replied, while punching buttons on her cell phone. “We should get one anyway.” 
“Hi Norma, this is Nadine,” she said into the phone. “I don’t have time to explain, but I need a quick favor. I need you to send me a photo of Yanus.” She paused to listen.
“Yes, off the company intranet is fine. Just send it to my phone.” She paused again.
“Because we can’t find him. He’s missing at the moment.” She pulled the phone away from her ear.
Daniel could hear the pitch rise in the woman’s voice, coming out of the phone’s speaker, from four feet away.
“It’s no big deal,” Nadine said. “He’s just gone off someplace. But you might let Jackson know.”
“Yes, yes,” Nadine continued. “Just send me the photo, please. Thanks Norma. Bye.”
She pressed the off button. “Whew. We’ll let Norma call Jackson. He’ll probably call Shane Gorman.” 
“By morning the whole company will know,” Daniel added.
“Of course, we’ll have found him by then,” she said.
Daniel knocked on the bar counter a few times. Knock on wood.
“I don’t think that’s real wood,” she said with a hint of a smile. “Unless, knock on Formica does the same thing.”
“Never know.”
“Can I get you folks anything,” the barmaid piped in.
“No thanks,” Nadine answered.
Daniel shook his head, no.
“So where upstate are you from?” Nadine asked.
“Milford—between Oneonta and Cooperstown.”
“That must be where your brother saw the UFO?” 
“Where he thinks he saw one,” he said. “I was already in Phoenix by then, and he was into who knows what kind of hallucinogen.”
“I think I was through there when I was a kid, going to Cooperstown,” she said scanning around the bar.
“To Cooperstown from where?” 
“Staten Island. Bay Street,” she said as though Daniel would know of Bay Street. “Not far from the where the ferry comes in.”
“I’ve been there! Took the ferry, although I have no idea where Bay Street is,” he said. “So, are you a baseball fan?”
“So, so.”
They took a couple seats at the bar, between the two men and the older man with the Rosalie tattoo. The barmaid didn’t seem to mind that they weren’t drinking anything.
“How long do you think it’ll take her to send something?” Daniel asked referring to Norma.
“She said she’d do it right away.”

Nadine’s phone jingled. 
Nadine quickly pressed a few of the small buttons on her phone. “Here it is!” She held up the screen of her phone to Daniel. A small, but clear head shot of Yanus displayed on the screen.
“I gotta learn how to do that stuff,” Daniel said.
She smiled. It was a polite smile. Old relics like me must be pretty amusing to the tech savvy, Daniel thought.
They walked around the room, displaying the tiny picture to just about everyone, except for a drunk sleeping it off in the corner booth.
“Let’s go across the street and see if the deputy’s around,” Nadine said, motioning to the front door.
“He’s not there,” the barmaid piped in, as she hand-dried some beer mugs.
“He’s not in his office?” Daniel asked. “You sound like you know where he is,” 
She swept her long, light auburn hair behind one ear and pointed toward the booth in the corner.
They looked toward the corner. Daniel rubbed his forehead at the sight. It was the drunk in the corner.
Nadine placed her hands on her hips. “We may be on our own for a while,” she said.
“He’s not drunk or anything, just snoozing,” the bartender said.
“Of course he is,” Nadine mumbled. 
The barmaid frowned at Nadine’s remark. “I’ll go wake him,” she said. She tossed the drying towel on the counter.
The barmaid strolled over toward the corner booth. Her sprayed-on Wranglers swayed with every step. She slid in next to the deputy and gave him a little nudge with her elbow. “Wake up Jeremy, you have a customer.”
The deputy opened his eyes and lifted his head. He looked into the bartender’s sparkling hazel eyes, with a welcoming smile. “Hey Darlene, what’s happening?” he asked.
It was obvious to Daniel why the deputy hung out in the bar. Probably waiting for Darlene to get off work or go on a break.
Darlene tipped her head toward Nadine and Daniel, and returned her gentle gaze toward the deputy. “I’ll talk to you later.” She stroked her hand across the deputy’s shoulder, stood up, and strolled back behind the bar.
“How can I help you?” the deputy said.
“I’m Nadine Russo from Kansas City, and this is Daniel Hartwick from Phoenix. And you are?” They slid into the seat across the table from the deputy.
“Oh, sorry,” the deputy extended his right hand and shook Nadine’s hand, then Daniel’s. “I’m Jeremy. Jeremy Northrup. Deputy Jeremy Northrup. What brings you into this, uh, place?” he asked looking around the bar.
Daniel wanted to ask him the same thing, but he was pretty sure he knew the answer.
Daniel and Nadine proceeded to recount their evening for the deputy.
“So it’s only been a couple of hours since you’ve seen him?” Jeremy asked.
“We know it hasn’t been twenty-four hours, but he’s not the kind’ve person who would just take off.” Nadine offered.
“We thought maybe while you were doing your rounds, you could at least keep an eye out for him,” Daniel said.
“Rounds? Yeah, rounds.” The deputy looked at the clock over the bar. “I guess I can take a walk or drive around town. Probably won’t see much in the dark, though.” 
“We’d appreciate that,” she said.
“I’ll go on my own. You folks go back to the Inn in case he shows up.” Jeremy pointed in the general direction of the La Salle Inn. 
Daniel and Nadine looked at each other. 
“We’re supposed to just go back and wait?” Daniel wasn’t sold on that approach.
The deputy stood up and led them toward the front exit.
“Do you have a card or something in case we need to reach you?” Nadine asked.
He handed Nadine a generic Sheriff’s office card. “I just started not too long ago, so I don’t have my own business cards yet. But I got the badge, the uniform, a gun, and a nice shiny bullet in my shirt pocket,” he said referring to the one-bullet deputy from the fictional television town of Mayberry. No one laughed. 
“Is this your cell phone,” Nadine asked pointing to the business card.
“Office cell phone. I’m goin’ out to do my rounds,” He said to Darlene as they walked past the bar.
“Go get ’em Barney,” she said with a wink, smiling. 
“Oh, hey, Jeremy?” Darlene called him back. “Since you’re going out anyway, Larry was in here earlier talking about some strange things behind the Inn. He thought somebody was stealing furniture.” 
“He’s always seeing strange things. Larry is a strange thing,” said one of the men at the bar. 
“No shit,” the other man followed. “I’m trying to enjoy my J.D. and I gotta listen to him whine about the sore on Napoleon’s nose.”
“I’ll check it out on my rounds,” Jeremy said. He walked out with Nadine and Daniel close behind.
“Who’s he kidding? Rounds,” said one of the men to the other.
“I don’t know what he needs a bullet for, I heard a rumor he was shootin’ blanks. Is that right, Darlene?” the other man replied with a hearty chuckle.
“He’s doin’ just fine, fellas. One more crack like that and I’ll get your wives in here,” Darlene shot back.
The deputy crossed the street to his patrol car. Daniel and Nadine walked back toward the La Salle Inn. Daniel did not intend to wait in the hotel, but thought they should at least stop back in case Yanus showed up.
“Let’s go recheck with the front desk clerk, get something quick to eat, and walk around a bit,” he said. “I’m not going to just sit at the hotel and wait.”
“I’m with you,” she answered. “Maybe we should drive around instead of walk? I’m starting to feel a little creepy about this town.”
They checked in with Julie at the front desk. There was no sign of Yanus. 
“Let’s try the restaurant,” Nadine said pointing toward the hotel restaurant. 
“Might as well, although I’m not that hungry.”
The small sign next to the door read, Haley’s Grill.
Daniel stepped to the side, and swept his arm as if to say, after you.
Without hesitating, she led the way in.

After their quick dinner, they made a beeline for the rear hotel exit.
Nadine stopped at a vending machine for a Snickers bar.
“Dessert?”
“Of course, my favorite,” she unwrapped it and took a big bite.
Daniel held open the rear door for Nadine as she indulged in her candy bar.
“Old reliable,” she waved her half-eaten candy bar. She took another bite and mumbled, “You can always count on a Snickers.” 
Daniel curled up a half smile. If he was in a better mood, he might have tried some offbeat humor, like a fake a snicker sound. He thought better of it. Most people never got his puns anyway.
“Besides, that soup was so salty. I think if it wasn’t for the salt, it’d have no flavor at all,” she said as she licked the remnants of caramel and chocolate off her thumb and index finger. “I needed something with a little flavor.” 
“You got your sugar, and I got a gut full of grease from that burger,” Daniel said. “I guess we’re refueled and ready.”
“We’ll find him—or he’ll find us,” she said. “I don’t know how, I just know it.”
Her will, or aura, or whatever it was, was strong. Daniel felt he had no choice but to believe her.
The rear parking lot of the Inn was well lit. The lot entrance, and exit, came out onto Hawthorn Drive. Hawthorn ran parallel to the north leg of the canal levee. They hopped into the Taurus.
The sedan swayed as Nadine accelerated through a right turn onto Hawthorn, followed by another right onto Pearl, in front of the hotel. She cruised slowly past the Sheriff’s Office. Pearl Street ran along the east side of town, along side the large Mississippi River levee. 
About a half mile down, she took another right onto Pitre Lane. She drove slowly on the straight-aways as they looked around. She slowed down only slightly on the turns, testing the sedan’s cornering ability. Daniel held-on firmly to the handle, attached above the passenger door. 
She took another right on Elm, paralleling Pearl, ending up back at Hawthorn Drive. Daniel saw nothing unusual.
Nadine continued to drive around town in larger and larger loops, always circling back to Pearl. She drove down almost every street in La Salle, and some more than once.
“The deputy was right. There was not much to see at night,” Nadine said.
It was almost eleven when Daniel and Nadine arrived back at the hotel parking lot. They entered the Inn through the rear entrance, near Yanus’s room. Once again, they knocked vigorously with no response.
“Let’s get some sleep and start again tomorrow,” Daniel said.
“Can I ask a big favor of you tomorrow?” Nadine asked.
“Sure.” What could it be, Daniel thought.
“I need to, or I’d like to, run in the morning. It’s part of my routine. I know it sounds trivial, and I should just skip it, but it wakes me up and clears my head,” she said. 
“A run?” 
“With Yanus disappearing and us stuck in this strange town, I was hoping maybe you could tag along. I’ll make it a real short one,” she offered. “I don’t think I should go out on my own until we know what’s going on here.”
“No, probably not, but I’m not much of a runner,” he said. 
“You could just walk behind and hang out in the general area. You don’t have to run if don’t want to.”
“Sure, why not. I can’t run far though,” Daniel said. “I’ll mostly just walk.”
“Are you sure you won’t mind?
“Yeah, it’ll give us a chance to look around anyway.”
“We would need to get up pretty early—six or six-thirty?”
“Early’s fine with me. Ring my room when you get up and we’ll meet in the lobby?”
Daniel walked Nadine to her room near the main stairway, before continuing on to the south wing.



Chapter 9

Daniel lay on top of the bed, flat on his back. He stared at the ceiling until the texture on the sheetrock turned into a smooth blur. It felt like an hour went by, without a hint of falling asleep.
His thoughts were racing in every direction, but his arms and legs were just dead weight. He turned over to check the L.E.D. clock. Only ten minutes had passed. 
I’m not getting any sleep tonight, he thought. I can’t just lie here. 
Daniel summoned his reserve of energy, threw his socks and shoes back on, and marched down to the front desk. Julie was still working. The lobby was empty except for her. 
Julie was in her late twenties, between five and five-and-a-half feet tall, and not too thin with light complexion. Her long wavy dark hair, tied into a ponytail behind her head, draped between her shoulder blades. 
She wore tan slacks and a burgundy polo style shirt, with “La Salle Inn” embroidered above the pocket, just below her nametag. She appeared comfortable being in charge of the hotel that evening.
 He leaned on the front desk counter. “Can we recheck Yanus Fautonov’s room, room 121, to see if he's returned?”
“I can’t bother guests this time of night, sir,” she said.
“I was just there, banging on his door. There was no response,” Daniel said. “Can you call his room?”
“I can’t do that. If I wake a guest at this hour, my manager will have my head.”
“You can tell your manager and Yanus, if he’s there, that you were concerned for his well-being, and that his colleague insisted out of concern for his safety,” Daniel said. “Which is all true.”
She thought a minute. “I guess I could ring his room, but I can’t leave the front desk.” 
“I’d really appreciate that.”
She dialed his room, and waited. “No answer sir.” 
“I really think something is terribly wrong. Can we at least go to the room? If no one answers the door, maybe you or security or housekeeping can go in as though you were going to turn down the bed or something.”
“Turn down the bed?” She seemed puzzled. “Housekeeping is long gone, sir.”
“Whatever. Just any excuse to at least peek in, to make sure he’s not unconscious or something worse.” Daniel was fairly certain the room would be empty, but he thought this might create some urgency. “Is there a manager on duty who could do this?”
“You’re looking at ‘er. It’s just me and Abe.” She thought for a moment, then picked up the phone and dialed. “Abe, do you have a minute?” she said. “I need you to watch the front desk for a few minutes.”
“Good. I should be quick,” she continued.
Daniel paced back and forth in front of the counter while they waited for Abe.
Abe was there in less than a minute.
Julie disappeared into the back office. Daniel filled the time tapping his fingers on the counter. Abe planted both forearms firmly the counter while they waited. It was a long minute of silence. Daniel had no interest in small talk with Abe. 
Daniel was surprised she didn’t just send Abe up to the room.
Julie returned from the back office and led Daniel down the hall to room 121. She knocked and spoke through the door, “Mr. Fautonov. This is the hotel manager are you OK in there?” There was no answer. 
“Mr. Fautonov, are you OK in there?” She spoke a little louder. Again, there was no answer.
She knocked again, more firmly. “Hello, is anybody in there?”
She unlocked the door with her master key and opened it slowly. She poked her head through the opening. “Hello?”
 After a few seconds of silence, she stepped in and flipped on the light switch. Daniel followed right behind her. The room was empty, no Yanus, no clothes, no suitcase, no anything.
The hotel room was a mirror image of Daniels room. As they entered, the bathroom door was immediately to the left. The closet, with sliding mirrored doors, was recessed along the right side. Past the bath, the room opened up to reveal a king size bed against the left wall. A dresser, with the large tube TV on top, was up against the right wall. A small desk sat between the dresser and the window. 
The drapes were closed, as they were when Daniel visited the room earlier. End tables flanked the bed, each holding a brass-plated table lamp. The tabletops were empty except for a small clock radio. In the far right corner of the room sat a vinyl lounge chair with a matching hassock. It looked like a swivel chair or a swivel-rocker. Daniel only had a straight chair in his room. Another table to the right of the chair was also void of stuff—not even a hotel note pad.
The room was tidy and empty, almost sterile, except for what looked like the imprint of someone’s rear end on the bedspread.
“It doesn’t look like anybody is using this room.” Julie said as she looked around. She checked the dresser drawers, while Daniel checked the bathroom. “We didn’t show him checking out. And we obviously would have known if he changed rooms.” 
Daniel wasn’t sure about that.
“I guess I can double check when I get back to the front desk.”
 “He wouldn’t have checked out,” Daniel said from the bathroom. “Where else would he go?” 
Daniel grabbed a shoe mitt from the scant bath toiletries provided by the hotel, wadded it up into a ball in the palm of his hand, and walked back to the bedroom. 
“He called me from here and propped the door open for me earlier,” Daniel said.
“I don’t know what to tell ya. He may have just gone for a walk or drink or something.”
“It was definitely something.”
“I have to get back to the front desk,” she said abruptly and walked out into the hall. She held the spring-loaded door open and motioned for Daniel to follow.
“I got it.” Daniel took hold of the door. He walked through the doorway, stuffing the shoe mitt in the door latch recess as he walked by. He guided the closing door behind him, to keep it from slamming. Daniel gently closed the door and shook the handle, pretending to make sure it latched shut.
She was already on her way down the hall. “I’ll double check with other staff on duty earlier, to make sure he didn’t check-out or change rooms. Sometimes people just leave without bothering to check out and we just bill their credit card for the length of their reservation.”
 Convenient, Daniel thought. They get their money no matter what.
“The three of us are here on business together. We have only one car.” Daniel said as he followed Julie to the front of the hotel. “Yanus doesn’t have the car keys.”
She seemed to lose interest. The notion that a hotel guest may have disappeared did not seem to matter.
Julie returned behind the front desk. Daniel walked up the main stairway from the lobby, but instead of going back to his room in the south wing, he turned back toward the north wing. He walked briskly to the corner and down the north wing. He entered the stairwell across from room 221. He hopped down the stairs, two steps at-a-time.
He slowly opened the door to the first floor hallway and peered down the hall. The hallway was empty. He crossed over to room 121 and gently pushed on the door. It didn’t budge. The shoe mitt didn’t work. 
The floor creaked. He pushed again, harder. 
With a sharp click, the door opened. He slipped into the dark room and shut the door.
Daniel reached inside the bathroom door for the bath light and flipped the switch on. Once his eyes adjusted to the low light, the indirect bath light was more than enough to illuminate the rest of the room.
He began methodically rechecking everything in the room. He checked the closet, dresser drawers, and behind the chair. He felt around where he couldn’t see. 
The bed had a real bed frame, not the closed sided, metal or wood box frame, hotels sometimes use. “I’m going to have to turn on another light to see under there,” he said quietly. “I wonder how often they clean there.”
A small table lamp sat on the end table between the bed and the bathroom wall. He reached for the lamp switch, but a jingling sound froze him. He halted his reach halfway to the lamp. It sounded like keys dandling and falling to the floor, outside of the door.
“Yanus, is that you?” Daniel called out.
The jingling became muffled and stopped. A slamming door, out in the hall, shook the wall hangings. A second door banged further away. 
Were they at the wrong room? Should I have kept my mouth shut? Did I surprise somebody who thought this room was empty, he wondered. If it was Yanus, he would have answered Daniel’s call.
Daniel sat down on the corner of the bed facing the door. He tapped his hands on his knees. He wasn’t getting anywhere. He was also getting nervous, since he wasn’t supposed to be there. “Look under the bed and you’re done here, Danny,” he said talking aloud to himself.
He reached to turn the lamp on again, when he heard a faint knock on the door. The force of the knocking pushed the door open with a click. “Damn!” he mouthed. He left the shoe mitt in the lock recess.
He dropped to the floor and shimmied under the bed. His head was under the foot of the bed and turned sideways to fit into the narrow space. He ended up looking away from the door, through the opening between the floor and the bed frame. It was the wrong direction, but it was too tight to turn the other way.
The visitor must have come back, he thought. The light from the hallway cast a long, shadow across the room and up the exterior wall.
The springs in the door hinges pulled the door shut obscuring the shadow. The intruder slowly walked inside, shinning a tiny light, like the light from a penlight. 
Daniel could see feet, but not much else, in the dim light. The intruder wore sneakers of some kind. They were on the small side so he couldn’t be too big. If he was unarmed, I could possibly take him, he thought, or at least fight him off enough to get away. His heart raced at the thought of a battle.
The intruder checked everywhere—the bath, the closet, and drawers, just as Daniel did. He sat on the edge of the bed. Good, he’s giving up. 
The bed creaked and sagged slightly as the intruder sat. He stood back up again.
What’s he doing now? Looking around? Thinking of his next move? Checking the firmness of the mattress? He’s leaving, hopefully.
A knee landed on the carpeted floor, then a second knee landed. Oh God! Daniel prayed. 
The penlight shot directly into Daniels eyes. There was a short gasp by the surprised intruder. The penlight flew back toward the window. 
The intruder lurched back into the side of the swivel lounge chair, twisting the chair. The back of the chair rotated and banged against the end table next to the bed. 
The lamp on the end table tipped over onto the floor, crushing the flimsy lampshade. The light bulb cracked on the floor.
Daniel crawled out the other side, rolling back and banging hard against the bath wall. He braced himself off the bed and climbed to his feet. All he could see in the low light was the intruder’s outline.
The intruder fell back toward the floor as the swivel chair rotated again out from behind him, dropping him to the floor on his butt. His head landed with a thud on the edge of the small table by the window. 
“Dammit!” She cursed. 
The woman’s voice froze Daniel. He knew that voice. 
She reached back and picked up the penlight. 
“Nadine?” he asked.
She aimed the light toward him. “Daniel?”
Daniel reached around the corner and fumbled for the light switch on the wall. After two or three tries, he flicked on the hall light switch. 
“Holy shit, you scared the hell out of me. What the heck are you doing here?” she asked, still sitting on the floor.
“Me?” 
“Never mind.” She started to pull herself up using the window sill. “I should’ve known this was trouble when the door opened right up.”
“I forgot to pull out the shoe mitt. You didn’t recognize my voice when I yelled out earlier?” he asked.
“Earlier?”
“I heard someone outside the door a few minutes before you entered. I called out thinking it might be Yanus. That was you, right?” he said hoping she’d say yes. 
She shook her head, no. “I just now came down,” she answered, rubbing the back of her head. “I’m not sure how I expected to get in, but I had a hair pin and a credit card. 
Daniel walked around the bed. He sat on the edge of the bed facing Nadine.
 “They always seem to pick locks pretty easily in the movies,” she said.
“Try a shoe mitt next time.”
“The old shoe mitt in the lock trick,” she said, holding the back of her head. She grabbed the back of her neck and rolled her head slowly from side to side.
“Somebody made some noises outside the door just before you came by,” he said. “When I called out, they left. When you came back, I thought they changed their mind and decided to come back.” 
“Not me,” she said. “I didn’t see or hear anyone.”
“Come to think of it, I thought I heard somebody go out the stairwell afterwards.”
“That could’ve been anybody,” she said.
“Yeah, I guess.”
“This is getting spooky. Could someone else be looking to search this room?” she asked. Nadine shifted her legs to her side and rose to her knees. She used the edge of the end table to guide herself to her feet. 
“If they were, they now know somebody else was in here,” Daniel said.
“It was probably somebody at the wrong room,” Nadine said.
“Let’s get out of here. All this trouble and I didn’t find anything.” Daniel opened one side, the right side, of the drapes halfway.
“What’s that for?” she asked.
“We might be able to see this room from ours. I’m not sure what we’d see, but with one side open we should be able to figure out which room is Yanus’s—just in case there’s any activity.”
“Activity?”
“Well, Yanus hopefully.”

Jenson and Karson rushed out the stairway exit door. Their hasty exit put them on Hawthorn Drive. 
“What do we do now?” Jenson asked. 
“We wait,” Karson replied.
They walked around the back of the hotel to their waiting sedan. 
From inside the car, they watched. A dim light came on inside the room. After a few moments, the left side of the curtain opened.
“We may have to do something about him,” Karson said, pointing to the man in front of the window.
Jenson looked over at Karson. He didn’t like the implications of that. “Let’s go easy. They don’t know anything,” he said, waving them off with his hand.
 “And her too,” Karson said, staring at the first floor window. 
Through the half-open drapes, they watched a woman lead the way out of the room, followed by the slightly taller man. 
“Did you get their room numbers from…?”
“Yes, yes, I got ‘em,” Jenson interrupted, “203 and 215. We should be fine if we just keep clear of them.”
“Let’s hope they stay clear of us.”



Chapter 10

Nadine took the plastic bag from the room ice bucket to get ice for her head. 
Daniel shut off the light, removed the shoe mitt, and locked the door to Yanus’s room. 
“This is not how I imagined spending my evening here,” Nadine said as they walked down the dim hallway.
“How did you see it?”
“Just hangin’ out, I guess. Have a decent meal. Go back to the room and watch a movie,” she said. “Pretty much just veggin’ out.”
“Sounds good to me,” he said. “Maybe tomorrow night.”
“Definitely tomorrow night.”
Daniel escorted Nadine to her room, stopping at the ice machine on the way. He peeked into her room through the doorway. It looked to be all clear, with no surprises.
“See you tomorrow.” She waved goodbye.
“You mean later this morning,” he said. “Night.”
She closed the door. He waited a few seconds, then walked briskly back to his room. 

Daniel opened his room door gingerly, a few inches at a time. He peeked in, with the door half-open, and quickly turned on the room entryway light and scanned the area. 
It was the same layout and furniture as Yanus’s room, but with different wall hangings, different scratches on the textured herringbone wallpaper, and different stains on the beige carpet. 
He dead bolted the door and hooked the chain.
Daniel went to the window to peek through the curtains. Just below his window next to the south wing of the U-shaped hotel was a small fenced-in pool. Most of the parking was behind the building. Inside of “U” were the handicapped spaces and some unrestricted spaces between the pool and the north wing. 
Floodlights from the roof of the building kept the pool area and the adjacent parking areas awash in light. 
Nadine had found a close spot for the Taurus, next to the handicapped spaces by the back door to the lobby. The angle of floodlights shining on some of the cars, including the Taurus, made it look as though their dome lights were on. 
Daniel could look across to the north wing at the window with the half-open curtain. It was unsettling to look at the window of Yanus’s empty room. He wished he hadn’t left the curtain open. 
He closed his curtains and flopped down on the bed, clothes and all. Yesterday evening he was relaxing at home, watching Andy Griffith reruns. Now, his friend was missing, he was bunkered in his hotel room, and he was in a strange town. La Salle was not at all like Mayberry.

Daniel thought back to when he first met Yanus almost two years ago. The company liked to bring its new engineers to Kansas City for a little orientation and introduction to the company and the corporate managers. 
Yanus was a senior level geotechnical engineer, with the company about eight years at the time. He had come to the U.S. around 1987 and apparently had a soft spot for people like Daniel, who was staring over, in many respects.
“You remember what Billy Crystal said in that dude ranch movie?” Yanus asked at one point. “Your career is a do-over. I started over, twenty years ago, and have no regrets. That’s why we live as long as we do—so we have time to reboot and start over a few times.”
At the time, Daniel didn’t welcome the thought of starting over. 
They had lunch together, across the street from the company’s downtown office, with a number of other new hires. 
“Where did you move here from?” Daniel asked at lunch.
“Ukraine.” Yanus’s answers about his past were short and to the point. He obviously did not look back. He made little effort to elaborate much on his past. 
“Your English is excellent. You obviously worked hard at it,” Daniel said.
“I do what I have to’” Yanus answered.
“Yanus sounds Scandinavian to me. Is that a typical Ukrainian name?”
“It’s supposed to be spelled with a ‘J’ instead of a ‘Y’ but Americans kept calling me Janus or Janice.” Yanus responded. “It was either get used to being called Janus, or change the spelling. So I changed Janus with a J, to Yanus with a Y.” 
“Do you like baseball?” Yanus said, changing the subject.
“You bet,” Daniel said.
“Royals stink, but I still like to go,” Yanus said. “They’re at-home tonight.”
“Go to a game?” Daniel said. “Think we can get decent seats?”
 “There’re always good seats available. We can get the tickets right at Kauffman Stadium. What do you think?”
“They can’t be as bad as the Diamondbacks, let’s go.”
Two other new hires from the Milwaukee office, also accustomed to bad baseball, joined them for a night at the ballpark.
Yanus had embraced his knew life in Missouri. “You’re supposed to fly back tomorrow night, right?” Yanus asked during the seventh inning stretch. “Why don’t you stay a couple more days, ‘til Sunday? I don’t have any plans for this weekend, so I can show you the sights of Kansas City. Do you like soft pretzels?’
“I had two tonight,” Daniel acknowledged.
“Then, Saturday we drive to Columbia for the best pretzel you ever had. Then to Independence to see Harry Truman’s house.”
“Columbia, that’s a couple of hours from here. Isn’t that a little far for a pretzel?”
“Not for these pretzels” Yanus said. 
“It’s a pretzel. How different can it be?”
“You’ll see.” 
Sure enough, a little sports bar inside of a chain hotel had the best home-baked soft pretzel Daniel could remember. “Better than a pretzel from a New York City street vendor,” Daniel said. He licked the tip of his finger and pressed it onto some fallen salt granules on his plate. He then licked the large salt granules off his finger.
The Harry Truman library was also worth the visit. “I want to visit all of the Presidential Libraries,” Yanus said. Yanus wanted to absorb information on all things American. 
They talked frequently on the phone. The conversations usually started with work and ended with baseball. Yanus’s thirst for knowledge of the U.S. was engaging. 
Yanus had been a good friend to Daniel. He didn’t know him long, but he was always welcoming and interested. They seemed to become friends right away, which Daniel attributed entirely to Yanus’s outgoing and inquisitive personality. It was either that or their mutual appreciation for baseball. 
Daniel drifted off to sleep.



Chapter 11

Nadine Russo stuffed the note back into the bottom of her purse where she found it. She slipped her shoes back on and hustled down to the rental car. She couldn’t explain her actions, she just had to get out and go somewhere. She couldn’t stop shaking. 
The lined sheet of paper was folded over four times. It looked so innocent in the bottom of her purse. Unfolded, the hand-written words were far from innocent.

Jenson and Karson watched the back of the building looking for signs of activity. 
This was not the type of assignment Jenson imagined, when he signed up for this mission. His superiors didn’t provide the details until Jenson and Karson were on route. Instead of a simple intelligence-gathering mission, he was thrust into a kidnapping and recovery mission. And the collateral damage could be substantial.
In contrast, Karson seemed to have no reservations about what they were doing.
Jenson was loyal to the cause, and grateful to be selected, but couldn’t help being a little jealous of his compatriots who were embedded in London, New York, or some other great city. It was an honor to be selected. Not only did you have to look the part, which very few did, but the training was rigorous. 
Agents spent months learning to be fluent in the language, learning dialects, accents, and local customs. Even with all of their training, imbedded agents usually passed themselves off as immigrants to explain their imperfect language skills.
Jenson just wanted to blend in like the rest, but now he had kidnapped a former compatriot and was conspiring to wreak havoc on a small Louisiana town. A botched mission forty years earlier triggered all this.
A woman zipped out the back door. 
Jenson jumped. Karson placed a hand on his shoulder to still him. 
She hopped into her dark mid-size sedan and wasted no time backing out of her parking spot. 
She backed sharply to the right, coming within inches of backing into the pool fence, before skidding to a stop. She zipped out of the parking lot, past their Crown Vic, and on to Hawthorn Drive.
“What’s the rush, lady?”
“Let’s pull up over there, right next to the door.” Karson instructed.
“Shouldn’t we go in the side door, like we did earlier,” Jenson responded, “closer to Sunan’s room?”
“No, we may want to make another stop after Sunan’s.”

Nadine took a screeching left onto Hawthorn and another onto Elm Street. She zipped halfway down the block, pulled over and stopped. 
Nadine made sure the car doors were locked. She sat in her parked car. “You’re really testing me now, aren’t ya?” she asked shifting her eyes toward the dark sky. She thought about the note. She wanted to burn it.
She thought about her impromptu drive around the block. Where the heck did I think I was driving to, she wondered. Kansas City is nine-hundred miles. I’m not driving home. “Am I?”
The locked car was her little sanctuary from the events outside. She stayed there doing nothing. She didn’t know how long, but she may have sat there five, ten, or fifteen minutes. She didn’t check the time. It didn’t matter.
Nadine broke her trance and gave herself a shake. She put the car back in gear, made a U-turn on Elm, and drove back to the hotel. She thought she’d been gone less than a half-an-hour, yet somebody had already taken her prime parking spot. 
She pulled into the next parking spot, next to the large Ford that took her old spot. She wondered if Daniel would notice the move. She thought she could try to move the car back in the morning, if her original spot reopened. “Just leave it. Who cares,” she said aloud to herself.
She scowled at the big gas-guzzler that stole her parking spot. Losing her parking spot seemed trivial, but annoying. She took a long look at Yanus’s window, with the right-hand side of the curtain still open, before starting back to her room.

As soon as the back door of the hotel slammed shut, Karson and Jenson poked their heads up so that their eyes were just above the top of the dashboard. They watched the back door, making sure she wasn’t coming back out.
“That was close,” Jenson sighed, as he righted himself to an upright sitting position.
“Let’s get outta here,” Karson ordered. “The security patrolman should be at the Lapointe Pump Station around three o’clock and we need to be ready.” With Jenson driving, Karson opened up his briefcase to make sure he had everything. 
On one side of the briefcase were two small circuit boards. The circuit boards had four magnets glued to the back, a one-inch diameter by three-inch long sealed cardboard tube on the bottom edge, a nine volt battery, a retractable antenna on the right side, and four wires coming off of the left side. 
There was some Arabic writing on the back of the board as well. Jenson hadn’t learned Arabic, so he had no clue what it said, but he was certain it was placed there to deceive anyone who found it.
On the other side of the briefcase were their tools – wire cutters, a soldering gun, wire clips, a hex head screw driver, Philips head and hex head fittings, pliers, a voltmeter, duct tape and a few other small tools.
Karson closed the briefcase and pulled the stun gun and a capped hypodermic needle out of his coat pocket.
“I see they let you have another one,” Jenson observed.
“Let me have another one,” Karson said curtly. “You’re just as responsible for losing the last one as I am. Here, take this.” Karson handed the stun gun to Jenson who stuffed it into his coat pocket. 
“There’s just alcohol in this one anyway,” Karson held up the hypo to the glow of a passing street light to display its clear liquid contents.
Jenson knew the next few days would be busy and stressful, preparing for the big event. The mission supervisor, the architect of this plan, probably hadn’t planned on Sunan showing up, or a nuclear engineer coming in from Arizona to complicate things. Or maybe the supervisor did see this coming.
Russo was probably expected, but maybe the misdirection and vandalism of the pump stations wasn’t their best idea, Jenson thought. La Salle a little too crowded with curious eyes.
Jenson didn’t know who the supervisor was. All communication and direction came through the Hughes, who assured them everything was under control. Jenson and Karson were at the bottom of the line when it came to getting information.
Jenson drove to the south end of Elm Street. Elm Street dead-ended at Canal Road. He pulled off the road and parked on a flat dirt patch between Canal Road and the southern leg of the La Salle Canal. 
They climbed up the canal bank and followed the canal to Girard Lapointe Pump Station. It was padlocked as expected. 
They walked to the backside of the fuel tank and waited for security, the man with the keys, to arrive.



Chapter 12

Daniel woke up at about five-forty-five a.m. His wake up call from Nadine should be coming soon. He peeked out the window. The north sky was still dark.
He looked toward Yanus’s window. It looked the same, with the right side of the curtain open. Then he pondered, was it the left side or the right side. He thought for sure it was the other side, but maybe he got things mixed up in all the stress of last night. He’d ask Nadine when she called.
Daniel scanned the parking lot. A few cars had pulled out already. The Taurus was there, but in a different spot. He was almost certain of that. She had such a prime spot last night. 
When they had returned from their trip around town last night, Nadine had parked in the first spot next to the handicapped spot. Now the first spot was empty and the Taurus occupied the second. 
Daniel was curious to find out why she moved the car. Did she go out again looking for Yanus? 
Daniel threw on a T-shirt and his jeans. He didn’t have any sweats or shorts to run in. Six a.m. came and went without a call. So did six-fifteen. He could hear the phone ringing next door through the tin walls, but no call from Nadine. 
It was six-twenty and still no call from Nadine. It was time to call her. He dialed her extension. The phone stopped ringing after six rings. The rings came quickly, in pairs. He tried it again. Six rings and no answer. 
Daniel tapped his fingers on the end table. Maybe she went down to the lobby for coffee or something. Better yet, maybe she changed her mind, after their late night.
He tried her cell phone, but she didn’t answer. He left a message. 
I’ll try her room one more time, he thought. He checked his notes to make sure he had the room number right and dialed again. Ring-ring, ring-ring, ring-ring! No one answered. 
As soon as he hung up, someone knocked firmly on his door. “I’ll be right there.” 
He looked through the peephole. Distorted, through the wide-angle fish-eye lens, was Nadine’s huge nose and warped face. She still looked good, even distorted through a peephole.
He unlatched and opened the door. She wore black stretch running pants, and a loose-fitting white shirt. The shirt looked like some kind’ve high-tech athletic shirt, not the cotton rag he was wearing.
“Morning! Sleep OK?” he asked.
“Eh! So-so.”
“Same here.”
“Ready?” she asked, nodding toward the hallway.
“I’m ready. I tried to call you but there was no answer, in your room, or on your cell phone.” Daniel grabbed his keys and shut the door. They walked toward the north wing exit.
“I was in the bathroom when I heard the phone ring. They don’t have phones in the baths here,” she said. “I figured it was you. As soon as I got out, I called your room.”
“You called me?”
“Your line was busy, so I just started walking over.”
Maybe he was calling her cell when she called him. “I left a message on your cell phone, by the way.” 
“I just got it. I left my cell in the car last night. I went down and got it on the way over here so I’d have it for our run,” she explained.
Our run, she says. Daniel hoped to be mostly walking.
“I had to get something out of the car last night and must’ve left the phone there,” she added.
“No problem.” He said. She went down to her car last night—for something? Did she also go somewhere or just move the car? Trivial, he thought. He let it go.
They walked out the north wing exit onto Hawthorn Drive. “I wanted to ask you about last night, in Yanus’s room? I could have sworn I opened the right side, which is the left side when looking from the outside. When I looked this morning, from my window, the right side was open. Do you remember which side was open?” he asked.
“Left side, right side, I don’t know,” she said. “Why?”
“Well, I…”
“You know, I think, maybe the right-hand side was open.”
“Right from the inside or outside?” 
She shrugged her shoulders. “Um, right outside, left inside. Why?”
“Are you sure? I wasn’t sure if it moved.”
“Pretty sure,”
“Maybe I’m seeing things.” 

Yanus woke as light began to filter through the window covering. A cut up sheet, stapled to the inside of the wood-framed screen, blocked his view out the room window. Three steel angles were installed vertically, and screwed into the wall on the inside of the window. It looked like jail cell bars. 
They nailed double hung window nearly shut. Yanus convinced Jenson to leave a small gap on the bottom, to let air in. “If we get a storm don’t ask me to come in there and shut your window,” Jenson warned.
There were two bedrooms upstairs. They put Yanus in a bedroom with an attached bath. He had no excuse to leave the room for a bathroom break, and one less opportunity for escape. They moved all of the furniture out, maybe to the other bedroom, leaving only a mattress, sheets, and a pillow in his makeshift cell.
They also left a small pile of nails and screws in the corner—without realizing it, no doubt. They probably took whatever they could find to secure the window and carelessly left the leftovers behind. If only they’d left the hammer and screwdriver, he could do something with them. 
He needed to signal the outside world without his captors knowing. Yanus looked at the window with the three-inch gap at the bottom. He knew he faced the front of the house. He could see the edge of the road through the small gap.
He rolled up his sleeve and jammed his arm through the opening, scraping his forearm between the window sill and the bottom of the window frame. 
He unhooked the eyehook from the bottom of the screen. He pushed out the bottom of the screen to make sure it was loose. He then pulled it back in closed. This might work, he thought. 
Yanus was certain he could flip a credit card or driver’s license, like a mini-Frisbee, towards the street. He was pretty good a tossing playing cards and not bad at tossing a Frisbee. 
If he could toss his credit card as far as the sidewalk, someone might find it and report the card found with his name on it. What if his captors found it? Who knows what they would do then.
He pulled his wallet out of his pocket. Buried under his credit cards and an emergency twenty-dollar bill was a laminated 1967 Topps Steve Carlton baseball card. Steve Carlton #146 it read. 
His father gave Yanus the card after he returned from his harrowing mission in 1967. Between the time of the crash in Lake Pontchartrain and the explosion in Baton Rouge, he managed to get hooked on baseball and pick up a few baseball cards as souvenirs. 
“He could get me out of this.” 
His father wasn’t supposed to bring back anything other than information, but he managed to get a couple of items for his sons. 
Yanus got a Steve Carlton baseball card from his father. He carried it with him in his honor. Carlton’s career totals, listed on the card, were three wins and three losses with 46 strikeouts. 
His father would have been amazed to know that Steve Carlton went on to win 326 more games and strike out 4,090 more batters during his career. It would probably be worth something if he hadn’t laminated it. Daniel kidded him about laminating a classic baseball card, but Yanus wanted to carry it in his wallet. 
The top of his right forearm turned pink from the abrasion of shoving it through the narrow opening. This time he pushed his stronger left forearm through the opening. 
His left arm was larger and the fit was tighter than his right, but he needed to have his dominant hand for this task. Deep red, almost purplish blood trickled down the side of his arm. 
He took his credit card with his right hand and handed it off to his left. He quickly snapped his left wrist and flung the credit card toward the right side of the front of the house, away from the driveway. It sailed across the sidewalk and into the roadside gutter. Hopefully a storm won’t come through and wash it into the storm drains. 
It was a long shot, thousand-to-one maybe, but so was trying to bust through the nailed and bolted door. 
He also had some other ideas. Using brute force on the door, or the window, was not out of the question, either.

The four-foot diameter kitchen table in the Hughes 1950’s style eat-in kitchen filled up the room. It was supposed to seat four, but it was just about right for just George and Emily Hughes to have their breakfast. Two people could barely pass by each other between the table and the L-shaped kitchen counter.
“I need to go to Engle’s,” Emily announced while having her dry toast and sturdy black coffee. She loved her coffee. Her first taste came almost thirty years ago when she first came to Louisiana.
“I’ll drop you off when I go the hardware store,” George replied through a mouthful of store-brand shredded wheat cereal. “We’ve got a window between about eight-thirty and nine-thirty a.m. when we can be out and about, unless we also want to lock up that woman.”
“One kidnapping is enough. I’ll be glad when this is over.” She took another sip of her Turkish coffee. “Did I hear right last night, that you think we should go back this year?”
“Yes, the more I think about it, the more certain I am. We should go back—all of us”
“Even Kalo? He knows no other life. We can’t take him away from here.” Emily did not want to go herself, let alone take Kalo.
“Maybe he’ll want to go back,” George said with a mouthful of cereal. “It doesn’t matter anyway. He needs to get out of here before he gets too involved with that woman at the bar.”
Emily Hughes had grown comfortable with George over the years, but she loved her son above all else. Emily and George were supposed to be just partners, pretending to be a couple. A romantic relationship was against the rules. 
Except for a few months, 25 years ago, they stuck to those rules. “Nobody knows he’s our son. Everyone thinks he’s adopted. How are you going to explain bringing an adopted American back home?”
George swallowed. “The truth,” he said. “Besides we can’t risk him spreading our DNA among these people.”
Emily got up and leaned against the kitchen counter, cradling her warm coffee cup in both hands. She took another sip, taking in the sturdy aroma at the same time. “It’s too late!”
“WHAT?” George stopped in mid chew.
“It’s too late. He wants to move-in with this girl.” 
“He just wants to move-in? Don’t tell me she pregnant. Is she?”
She didn’t answer. She knew almost immediately that she made a huge mistake to tell George. She wanted more than anything to take it back, but it was too late for that.
“This can’t happen,” he demanded. “It just can’t.”
“What’s the big deal?” she asked. “You think this never happened before?”
“No! At least not in modern times,” he insisted. “Someday, they may come across this, this DNA, and match it with the stuff they’ve been storing in that desert lab. Then who knows what will happen.”
“Nothing will happen—same as back then.” She set her cup down hard on the counter. Coffee splattered over the brim of the cup. “You know this has happened before. Why do we look so much like them? We look more like them, then our own people.”
George shook his head. He stopped eating.
“In six-hundred years, I can’t believe it hasn’t happened before now.” She took another sip and set her cup down again. “We created this mess when we decided to hide Kalo’s identity. We can’t change it now.”
“It’s gone too far. It’s time to come clean and fix this.”
“You can’t fix her!”
“That’s what abortions are for.” His voice grew louder.
“They want this child. He’s already told me. They won’t go for that.
“What is he on something?”
“Keep your voice down, George, Yanus might hear you upstairs.”
“This can’t be allowed. I’ll have to talk some sense into him.”
“What if he takes off with the girl and hides like Sunan?” She thought about that for a moment. Maybe that would solve everything.
“How’s he going to get her to run away without telling everything—about us, about him, about our plans? Maybe he’s told her already,” he said. “Don’t you get how bad that would be?”
“I’m not so sure George. You’re blowing this way out of proportion,” she replied, waving him off. “I’ve got to make my list for the market.” 
She began to realize how bad it could get. She could see the real danger, and he was right in front of her.



Chapter 13

The embankment for the canal rose next to Hawthorn Drive and surrounded La Salle. North of the canal, was a large water storage basin. The man-made lake, called the La Salle Detention Basin, served as an emergency overflow for the La Salle Canal. The basin stored surplus water for La Salle in case of a drought. 
The cool damp morning air seemed to stick to Daniel’s skin. A blanket of clouds hung low like a drop ceiling. The clouds to the north looked a particularly menacing charcoal gray. 
Nadine had little to say. She stopped to ponder the blanket of clouds sliding in. She looked like she might be ready to skip the run. At least that’s what Daniel had hoped.
They reached the base of the embankment. “Well, that’s enough for me, shall we turn around?”
Nadine showed no reaction, not even a chuckle. She must not be a morning person, he thought.
The canal embankment sloped about a two-foot horizontal run for every one-foot vertical rise—about a 2-to-1 slope. It was a too steep to go straight up. The banks were mostly gravel with patches of knee-high weeds and grasses.
They followed a worn path that rose diagonally up the embankment. The path led to the graded dirt maintenance road. She began running as soon as she reached the level maintenance road. Daniel immediately followed.
“Don’t worry about me,” she said between breaths. “Stop whenever you want to. You can just walk actually, and I’ll catch you on the way back.” She puffed smoothly and rhythmically. “I’ll just go out about a mile and turn around.”
Daniel marveled at how effortless it appeared for her to run and talk at the same time. He could barely catch his breath, let alone carry on a conversation. 
He ran a few first-downs further and slowed to a brisk walk. “See you on the return,” she said with a little wave with her left hand as she pulled ahead of Daniel. She looked immersed in her own thoughts or in-the-zone as they say. She rapidly stretched out the gap between her and Daniel.
As she breezed past the old pump station, Daniel decided that would be a good spot to find a seat and take a break. He could climb up onto a high spot on the station platform, where he could sit and keep an eye on Nadine in the distance.
It was the north pump station. Daniel knew it fairly well from the rehab plans he worked on. The District called the work rehabilitation, but in reality, the rehabilitation would tear down most of it. 
The station had not been updated in forty years. It was overdue for a complete overhaul. The contractor was currently working on the south pump station. The north pump station would be next, once the contractor completed the south. 
The pump station had a raised concrete platform and a two story building with rusted corrugated metal sheet siding. A ten or twelve-inch diameter metal exhaust pipe, for the diesel generator, poked out the side of the second level, and elbowed up above the roofline. 
Everything above the platform was going to be replaced. An abandoned concrete vault on the west side would be removed to make room for an extension of the building.
Two large diameter pipes penetrated through the canal berm under the maintenance road. The pipes took accumulated rainwater, collected on the dry side—the La Salle side—and pumped it into the canal on the wet side of the berm.
When the farmers needed water for irrigation they just opened sluice gates that allowed the canal water to flow via gravity into irrigation ditches. There were six scattered sluice gates feeding different parts of the town’s farmland.
Daniel climbed up on the concrete platform of the old pump station, about five feet above the canal bank. From there he could look out and keep an eye on Nadine as she ran ahead. 
He marveled at the scattered houses with wide spaces between them. Even the houses without farms surrounding them were well spaced. They were mostly ranches with a few larger two-story houses.
Pearl Street was mostly commercial, and Elm Street was lined with houses. Open farmland with scattered farmhouses and barns stretched out across the rest of La Salle.
The houses looked well maintained. La Salle wasn’t as fancy as the Arcadia neighborhood, near his home, but shrubs were trimmed, lawns mowed, and there was little or no peeling paint on the houses. These houses were wood sided, not stucco like the majority of the houses in Phoenix.
While the farmland was wide open, the houses and residential areas were landscaped with shade trees and flowering shrubs. Daniel recognized the many live oak trees lining Elm Street and the Azaleas that were starting to bloom. Many of the other shrubs and trees were unfamiliar to him.
Despite the different shrubs and trees, it still amazed him how much La Salle looked like his boyhood hometown of Milford. La Salle is bigger than Milford and certainly flatter. The gurgle of the Susquehanna that ran through Milford was no match for the mighty Mississippi.
There is something to be said for living in a small town, he thought. Everybody knew each other, little traffic, clean country air, and no nuke plant nearby. Then again, maybe people tend to know too much about each other.
Morning in La Salle was peaceful. The summers in Milford were not quite so peaceful. Summer tourists and residents enjoying the nearby lakes, crowded the region. The crowds grew the closer they were to James Fennimore Cooper’s Glimmerglass Lake, also known as Otsego Lake. 
On the southern tip of Otsego Lake was one of Daniel’s favorite places, Cooperstown and the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Daniel got a whiff of something. He sniffed. He looked around, sniffing with his nose in the air. The wind must have shifted. The clean county air blew away and a fowl odor invaded his nostrils. It smelled like the stench of a dead animal. He thought of moving away from the odor, but he couldn’t beat his little viewing perch on the pump station. From there he could scan the horizon and the canal banks.
Nadine was barely the size of Daniels thumb, as she kept on running. 
The rental car being moved and the changing open window curtain puzzled Daniel. The more he thought about the curtain in Yanus’s room, the more he was convinced he opened the right side, from the inside. Nadine thought it was the left side, which matches the side open this morning. Was he paranoid or confused, or was he right, he wondered. 
Why didn’t Nadine mention moving the car? Maybe she didn’t think it was important. 
Was she holding back something? He felt like she was, and yet, he still felt he could trust her.
A barking dog on the other side of the pump station interrupted the monolog in Daniels head. “Come Napoleon,” an older voice said. “Stay away from that.”
He didn’t hear them approaching. He remembered the talk of Larry and Napoleon at Uncle Sallie’s. Larry’s dog had a sore on his nose, according to a couple of men at the bar. They referred to this Larry as strange.
 Daniel thought the old man and his barking dog might be Larry and Napoleon. The unleashed dog followed the old man obediently down the road—nothing strange there.
“I hope she turns around soon,” he said aloud to himself. “I may have to get off my butt and start running again,” to keep her in sight. 
Daniel climbed down off the platform and walked around the street side, and then to the other side where Napoleon made a commotion a few minutes earlier. 
A dead animal was sprawled out on the ground. Next to the abandoned concrete vault was a possum, or what was left of one. There was also another struggling, barely alive possum, a few feet from the dead one. The possum rolled its head and wiggled its legs, trying to move, but going nowhere. Daniel stayed back a good ten feet. The animal looked like had been burned. Its face was black and red. Its eyes were shut and its fur was gone on one side. 
Burrows ran along side the vault. Erosion carved a little trench along the side of the vault and the burrowing animals took it from there. The stench of the decaying carcass was getting to him. 
Daniel had seen enough and turned his head. “Yuck,” he said, and backed off. “Enough of this place.”
The vault was abandoned. There were no openings or pipes going in. It was going to be removed in the upcoming rehab. The smelly possum graveyard would be gone then also.
Daniel walked up the bank, psyching himself up to start running again. Nadine should be on her way back. Maybe he could just walk to meet her.
The bank was steep. It sloped at nearly a 45-degree angle. Loose soil made climb up more challenging than the climb down. 
His footing gave way halfway up and he fell down on one knee. He pushed with his hands to get back upright. Using his hands for stability, he climbed to the top of the bank. He brushed the dirt off his hands and pant legs around the knees. 
Daniel looked down the maintenance road. Not only was Nadine not on her way back toward him, but she was nowhere in sight. Did she run out of sight? He looked away for only a few minutes, how could she be out-of-sight already?
He broke into a jog, then into a slow run, toward where he saw her last. I should’ve never looked away, he thought. I should’ve kept following her instead of being lazy—sitting down on the job. He puffed his cheeks in and out, to gulp in all the air he could with each breath. The further he ran the more the maintenance road became rutted from recent rains, and district trucks driving on the muddy road.
Daniel looked ahead when he should have looked down. His left foot landed on the side of a tire rut. His ankle turned over sharply. Daniel went sideways along with his ankle. 
He toppled down, with his left arm and shoulder sandwiched between his body and the ground, landing with a grunt.
The momentum of the fall rolled him to the side of the maintenance road and to the top of the embankment. 
“Shit!” he said. He arrested his rolling motion just in time to keep from rolling down the bank. “Damn it!” 
He immediately sat up and grabbed his shoulder. He planted his feet on the down-slope of the embankment. His left shoulder throbbed. He massaged it, but it didn’t help. 
He moved his arm back and forth. “Ooh,” he moaned as he tried to rotate it above his head. “Let’s not do that again.”
For an instant, he wasn’t focused on Nadine. That moment passed, and again he looked down the canal bank. She was still nowhere in sight.
Daniel gave his throbbing ankle a quick rub down. He then pushed himself up with his good arm.
Using his right arm, Daniel pushed himself back upright. His left shoulder throbbed. He moved it back and forth. As sore as it was, he didn’t think anything was broken. 
This time he would walk down the maintenance road. The first step on his left foot felt like someone jabbed a sharp needle into it. He continued walking. “Walk it out,” he said. It got better as he walked. Not serious, he figured. 
Daniel continued to scan the horizon. He looked across the canal, in the canal, straight ahead, and to the left toward the farm fields. 
The two lane road, Hawthorn Drive, continued along side the canal bank, following the canal most of the way around. The canal and the road started to bend to the left. If Daniel continued along the canal bank, he would eventually come upon the south pump station. 
The south pump station was smaller, newer, and more efficient than the one with the dead possum. The south pump station rehabilitation was underway. The more extensive north pump station work would come next.
There were mostly scattered pickups trucks passing by on Hawthorn. A beat-up Dodge Aries and a large Ford sedan drove by. 
The Dodge looked a like the rusted out, Bondo patched cars he remembered from the seventies and early eighties in the Northeast. The large Ford didn’t seem to fit in with all the pickups. This was obviously a pickup truck town. The old man and his dog took a right down a side street.
He felt a pang in his stomach as he began thinking about the canal. Should I be looking in the canal? She would have screamed, wouldn’t she? Dumb idea, what would cause her to fall into the canal? She’s not clumsy enough to trip in a rut, like he did.
It wasn’t obvious which way the water flowed, if at all. I’m sure she can swim. “You could probably even stand,” he said aloud. It only looks about five feet deep. Since water distorts depths, it may be over her head.
He tried to raise his left arm to look at his watch. He grimaced and stopped. His left shoulder still needed more rest from his tumble. 
Daniel felt like he was walking forever, when a jogger, with black pants and a white top, appeared from around a distant bend in the road. Correction, that’s a “runner” not a “jogger,” as Nadine pointed out earlier. 
It was Nadine! 
Daniel let out a sigh. She was running on the street.
He wanted to be mad at her for disappearing, but it wasn’t her fault. She was just running like she said she would. Who could he be mad at, but himself, for getting distracted?
He jogged down the bank, sliding on the loose earth. He forgot about his ankle until his last step, and the hard landing, almost buckled him at the knees. “Jeeze, go easy,” he said to himself. He walked slowly and deliberately, on the sidewalk, toward Nadine, trying not to limp.
She waved as they approached each other. Daniel waved back. It took a couple of more minutes for them to meet up. 
“Hey, what happened to you,” she asked.
“I thought I lost you,” Daniel said. “I couldn’t find you out there.”
“The road got so rutted near the end, I thought I would opt for the smooth street,” Nadine said.
“Wish I thought of that.”
“Sorry if I pulled a fast one on you. So what happened to you?” she asked. “You’re limping, and covered with dirt!”
“No big deal,” he said looking down at his dirty pants.
“You look exhausted.” She stared brushing the dirt off his shoulder. He winced a little from the shoulder pain as she brushed. She immediately pulled back. 
“I tripped on one of those ruts you were talking about,” Daniel said. “I think there is a bench just past the pump station. Can we take-five there?”
The bench was a hundred feet or more from the pump station, but he still picked up an occasional whiff of the decaying possum carcass.
They sat on the bench. Nadine rested her elbows on her thighs, with her open hands cupping her face. Her eyes were fixed on some spot on the ground in front of her. Daniel looked straight ahead, with his hands on each side of his legs, holding the front of the bench as though it was about to take off. 
He was ready for their next move. He just didn’t know what that next move should be. He just knew they had to do something to try to find Yanus.
Nadine broke the silence. “Do you suppose he had some skeletons or something from the Ukraine that’s maybe caught up with him?” 
Daniel turned quickly to Nadine, his eyes widened.
“When we were in St. Louis last September,” Nadine continued, “he bumped into a couple he knew from the Ukraine. This was right at Busch Stadium. Of course we had to go to a ballgame,” she said fondly. 
“They walked off to talk, so I didn’t hear what they talked about, but it looked like a pretty heated discussion,” Nadine said. “Yanus said they were old friends from the Ukraine, and that was that.” 
“I never hear him talk much about Ukraine or friends he left behind there,” Daniel said.
“It didn’t look like they were talking like friends talk, but he grew up in different culture than us,” she said. “So how would I know?”
“You think he’s caught up in some underworld thing or something?”
“Underworld! That’s a big jump,” she said. “I just mentioned that encounter ‘cause it was the only thing I could think of about him that seemed odd.”
“Other than that he emigrated from the former Soviet Union?”
“That’s not so odd. Lot’s of people fled there.”
“Other than his fascination with UFO’s and angels?”
‘That’s a different kind of odd.”
“Maybe he fled without, um, permission?” Daniel suggested.
“The Soviet Union fell in what, 1990 or 91? Why would anybody care now?”
 “We’re dancing around the thought that maybe somebody has kidnapped him,” Daniel said. “Or maybe he just left on his own.”
“Maybe he’s on the run from something,” he continued. “His room was completely cleared out.”
“Why would he do that? I wouldn’t think he’d just take off without a word,” she said.
“Or a note or something,” Daniel suggested. 
Nadine’s eyes opened wider. She looked shaken. Maybe this was getting to her. 
“Are you OK?”
“Yeah, I’m fine,” she said. “You know, you think you think you know people, but you never really do.”
“What do you mean, Yanus?”
Nadine didn’t answer.
Daniel turned and looked straight at her.
“We’re just guessing,” she finally answered. “Neither of us has known him that long.”
“Yeah, that’s true.”
“There’s a lot about his life we know little about. Maybe we don’t want to.”
“Maybe, but we need to find out something. I’m starting to get a little paranoid,” Daniel said, shaking his head. “I’m seeing things moved, like cars and curtains. I was eyeing an old man with a dog, watching cars, checking the canal for bodies. Twice, I though you vanished.”
“Me?”
“Yeah, this morning when I was waiting for you to call, and just now when you ran out of sight up there,” he said pointing toward the canal maintenance road.
“My protector,” she forced a little grin.
“I’m not so sure about that.”
“You think I’m gonna disappear, too?” 
“Better not,” Daniel said. “Let’s get changed and go see the sheriff or deputy or whoever they got over there.”
“The goo-goo eyed deputy?” 
“Maybe the Deputy or Sheriff Roscoe P. Coltrane has learned something overnight,” Daniel continued, referring to the inept county sheriff on the Dukes of Hazzard television show.
“So we’re in Hazzard County now? Maybe Deputy Northrop got some last night and will be raring to go today.” She stood up, tugged on the back of her shirt, and began walking toward the hotel. 
Daniel stood slowly and followed. “At least they have nice little happy endings at the Duke household,” he stated. “No missing persons or life-or-death stuff.” 
He wanted to take that bit of sarcasm back. Was this now a life-or-death situation? 
Yanus was just missing, that’s all. Daniel looked over to Nadine, hoping for her “think positive” line again, but it wasn’t coming this time. 
It sprinkled as they walked in silence back to the hotel.



Chapter 14

Daniel showered, shaved, grabbed his briefcase and walked down to the continental breakfast in the restaurant next to the lobby. 
The plan was to meet Nadine at seven-thirty to go over to the police station before their eight-thirty meeting with the District. 
It didn’t seem right to be going to a work meeting, but maybe the folks from the District would be able to help.
He placed his briefcase at a table away from the television and mulled over the continental breakfast buffet choices. He had little interest in the morning news. The corn flakes and Fruit Loops were stored in large clear plastic bins. The cereal could have been there for weeks, getting stale. 
The fruit bowl, with grapes and different types of melon, looked like it had been sitting out a few days. The bagels and English muffins took too much time and effort to toast and butter. Breakfast didn’t seem all that important at the time, so he opted for an easy bowl of stale cereal.
He tried to block out the sound of the TV. The television newscasters were going on-and-on about the overnight storms in the upper Midwest. “A tornado tore through the Kansas City International Airport this morning. The rush of wind pushed a fully loaded 737 sideways, collapsing the landing gear, and slamming the belly of the plane onto the tarmac. So far, one fatality and numerous minor injuries have been reported.” 
“The plane had just aborted its planned take-off due to the approaching storm, and was taxiing back to the gate when the tornado caught it at the junction of two runways,” the reporter continued. “Both runways are now closed. Only runway 1L-19R is available and all air traffic on that runway has been suspended also due the power outage.”
Daniel was certain they had dramatic video of the plane and the storm damage, but he had more pressing issues.
Over a bowl of Fruit Loops, a glass of orange juice, and a cup of tea, he replayed the previous day. We need a plan and some direction, he thought. We are just randomly wandering around town hoping to find Yanus or some clues to what has happened.
So, what do we know, he thought. He pulled a mechanical pencil and a yellow pad out of his briefcase. Click, click, click, he pumped the silver end of the pencil to launch a new sliver of lead out of the tip. 
“We know nothing,” he mumbled in frustration, and slapped the pencil down on the table.
He picked it up again and began to write anything and everything that came to mind:

YF from Ukraine. 20 years ago.
Wanted to talk privately.
He knew something was up.
Didn’t want to tell NR. Why?
NR went out during the night.
What does NR know? 
Room curtain moved – someone was in YF’s room.
Couple YF and NR bumped into in St. Louis? Skeletons?
Floodwall project connection?
Russian/Ukrainian connection? Underworld connection?
Kidnapped, killed, hiding?
Were the old man and his dog out near hotel last night?
YF either still in town and alive or he’s not.
If still in town and alive we have a chance.

He tore off the yellow sheet, folded it in half three times and slid it into his right front pants pocket. He then began writing on the next sheet:

Police station – make sure police are looking.
Call/update Shane.
District meeting - what can they tell us? Is there more to this floodwall issue?
Check with Pearl Street merchants.
Find the old man with dog.
Check every street.
Check pump stations.
Check canal.
Check detention basin.
Check what else?

He tore off this second sheet, folded it three times again and stuffed it into is front shirt pocket. He kept his elbow on the table and the side of his chin resting in his palm, while waiting for some inspiration, and for Nadine to come down to the restaurant.
He had known her less than a full day, but he envied and liked her at the same time. She had a successful career, and someone to share her life with—her husband and kids. 
Sarah was Daniel’s companion. She was a good and loyal companion, always there with a wag of the tail, a waddle, and a lick of affection when times were tough. 
She was a great comfort during the isolation he felt during the Ironwood Flats debacle, but no substitute for a real person. She was also great at chasing off squirrels, but not so good when it came to women trouble or job trouble. He didn’t think finding missing persons was Sarah’s strong suit either.
“Hold-on, Danny,” he popped his head up, “Sarah could do it.” It hit him that Sarah could be just the one to help them find Yanus. 
He looked around the room to check if anybody noticed, or cared maybe, that he was talking to himself. You couldn’t beat her sniffer—couldn’t beat a dog’s nose, for sniffing out a missing person. 
He felt sad that he had her locked up in a kennel in Phoenix. He pulled his folded list back out of his front pocket and added one line with one word:

BLOODHOUND

He refolded the list, along the same three creases, and stuffed it back in his pocket, with a little more hope than he had a few minutes earlier. 
Checking his Geiger watch, he noticed the gamma ray exposure reading was up. The gamma radiation tally was cumulative—it added up over time. It was higher than he would have expected, since he replaced the battery the night before last. Daniel figured it was probably from the plane ride.
He remembered his tea and removed the tea bag. It had been brewing for more than twenty minutes and was as dark as black coffee. He sipped his bitter, sugarless tea, while waiting for Nadine.



Chapter 15

Nadine Russo sat on the bed with a thin white bath towel wrapped around her. Scattered white threads trailed off the towel edging, just above her knees. The corner of the towel was snuggly tucked under the towel edge band, just below her left arm.
Her hair hung straight and long, dripping from the shower.
She sat waiting for answers, but none came.
If only she could go back twenty-four hours, she imagined—or maybe just twelve hours. The unexpected travel, taking her away from home, Yanus’s disappearance, and the note would all go away, as if it never happened.
Of course, Tony wrote the note more than twelve hours ago. He may have written it about this same time yesterday. 
She missed her kids, but she wasn’t sure how much they missed her. Karen was in New York, visiting her grandmother on Staten Island. Karen was almost eighteen and excited to be attending Columbia University in the fall. 
Kyle was sixteen. He had been slipping in his schoolwork. Nadine was not impressed with some of his friends. She could smell the smoke, more specifically the pot smoke, on his friend P.J., and on Kyle’s clothes. 
She knew the aroma well from her high school days. She could only hope that Kyle would outgrow it, and his friends, before he got into something more serious.
When she confronted him, he blamed it on others smoking around him. He claimed he didn’t smoke or take anything himself. From there, the discussion degenerated to Kyle accusing his mother of not trusting him to take care of himself. 
It was painful to deal with. She felt she needed to be there to watch over him, since she didn’t get much help or support from her husband, Tony. Everything with Kyle was OK according to Tony. Kyle and his father were pals. 
Nadine wished she could say the same for her relationship with Tony. It had been a struggle for quite a while with Tony. Even more than her struggles with Kyle. They had fun times together in their early years. 
It became cold and businesslike over the years, with only disagreements and arguments to heat things up. 
Despite their problems, she was still blindsided by the note. She pulled the crumpled note out of her purse and read it again:
Dear Nadine,
I can’t bear to face you and tell you this, but I’ve decided it’s time for us to move on and go our separate ways. By the time you see this, I will have moved out. It will be easier this way. I will take Kyle with me while you are gone. He can decide who he wants to stay with after you get back.
Tony
That was it—no, thanks for the memories, no, we need some time apart, and no, we need to talk. It was just over. Stick a fork in it, their marriage was done.
She read his note a half-a-dozen times by then, and every time it was another punch in the gut. This was surely brewing long before twenty-four hours ago. 
Tears trickled down her cheek, merging with droplets from her wet hair.
“He has decided,” she fumed. It was no longer what we decide. There’s no way Kyle will choose to stay with me, she concluded. 
“A Dear Jane note! What a coward.”
Nadine punched in her home phone number on her cell for the fifth time since she woke. Again, there was no answer, not even from the answering machine. She let the phone ring until it stopped on its own. She pressed the end button.
She reached back into her purse and pulled out a credit card and her airline tickets for Friday’s return flight to Kansas City. She punched in the airline 800-number. The recording said her call was important to them, yet it took almost ten minutes to get through to a live ticket agent. 
“I need to make a change to my flight,” she said. “My name is Nadine Russo, confirmation number CVX3K72. I’m scheduled to fly from New Orleans to Kansas City on flight 621 on Friday and I need to reschedule that return flight for today. 
Early afternoon please,” she thought she could have Daniel drive her down to New Orleans right after their morning meeting.
“Will Mr. Fautonov be changing his flight also?” the agent asked.
Nadine paused, and then answered quietly. “No.” She couldn’t believe what she was going to do. Her friend and coworker had disappeared and she was abandoning the search. 
“OK, I’ll try ma’am, but they’re having a lot of problems with flights to Kansas City today. There’s a lot of nasty weather around K.C.”
Nadine could hear the agent punching the computer keyboard in the background. The taps came in waves, at machine-gun speed, presumably looking for an available flight.
“There has been a flood of cancelled flights in and out of Kansas City this morning. The remaining flights are all sold out. And those flights are backed up for hours, I might add. You could try going standby, but the earliest available flight I can reserve for you, is tomorrow afternoon through Dallas,” the agent offered.
“That’s it?” she asked. She was stuck. She thought for a moment. “OK, I’ll take it.”
Nadine read the numbers off her joint credit card to the agent. She scribbled down her new flight information.
“Thanks.” Nadine pressed the end button and tossed her cell on the bed.
She closed he eyes, took in a deep breath, and blew it back out. She opened her eyes and did it again—in, then out. The towel came untucked and slid down her back. 
She clenched her fists to summon all the strength she could. It was time to get dressed and tackle the day. 
Maybe another day here, away from home, is just what I need, she thought, before I go home to face my new reality. 



Chapter 16

Nadine walked into the restaurant at about quarter-to-eight. “Morning again, sorry I’m late.”
“We still got time,” Daniel said. “You wanna grab something to eat?”
She shook her head. “No thanks.”
Nadine had on a blue paisley print blouse, with the same black jeans and blazer she wore the day before. Daniel thought it was unusual for a woman not to have a completely new outfit for each day.
“I made some lists of what we know so far, with some thoughts of what we could do next,” Daniel offered as they walked out to the car. “After this meeting, maybe we can sit down and outline a plan of action.” 
She nodded in agreement. 
The police station and the District office were both walking distance from the Inn. The District office was an easy half-hour stroll beyond the police station. 
Tight on time, Nadine drove them the short distance to the police station. They filed a formal missing persons report on Yanus. They were hoping to spur on more of an investigation than a cursory drive around town from the deputy. 
She drove south on Pearl toward the District facility. There was not much talk in the car. Daniel sensed that Nadine’s thoughts were elsewhere.
The La Salle Flood Control District office building was a rectangular masonry block building, with a sloping, gray shingle roof. The long side faced Pearl with a potholed parking area to the left of the building. 
Landscaping was minimal. There were only two scraggly shrubs on each side of the front door. There were no adornments on the building, other than bars on the windows. “La Salle Flood Control District” was spelled out in four-inch black letters, attached to the block over the front entrance. The charcoal gray cloud cover further dulled the features of the austere facility.
The building sat in a wedge of land between Pearl Street, the Mississippi River levee, and the south leg of the La Salle flood control canal. 
The Girard Lapointe Pump Station sat behind the corner of the property at the end of the south leg of the canal. The north and south pump stations would pump excess rainwater from the storm drain system into the canal. The Lapointe Pump Station pumped Mississippi River water into the canal when needed for irrigation. The James Harrison Pump Station, sitting at the end of the north leg of the La Salle Canal, pumped surplus water from the canal back into the Mississippi River. 
Nadine pulled into the parking lot and zipped into the first available space.
“Let’s get this meeting over with,” Daniel said while climbing out of the car.
Nadine shut her door and pressed the lock button on the key fob. “I have to leave tomorrow afternoon,” she said walking toward the building. She looked over at Daniel and continued, “I’m sorry Daniel, but I can’t stay ‘til Friday.”
“What’s that again?”
“I have some personal things to take care of and I just have to get home,” she stopped on the walkway to face Daniel. “I don’t want to run out on you, or Yanus, but I really need to go.” 
Daniel hadn’t really appreciated her large brown eyes until then. Her eyes looked sweet and sad at the same time. They reminded him of Sarah’s sad face when he had to abandon her at the kennel, except Nadine’s eyes were a hundred times prettier.
She continued toward the building. “Hopefully this will all be resolved quickly and the three of us can all leave tomorrow.”
He tried not to feel like he was being abandoned. Is that what Sarah thought? I hope it’s not just a kid with a sniffle, he thought. Then again, he hoped it wasn’t too serious, and he immediately felt a little guilty for thinking that way. He liked Nadine and didn’t sense any pretense.
“Everything OK? Anything I can do?” he offered.
“No, I’ll be fine,” she said. 
Daniel was ready for an explanation. Her personal life was none of his business, but why did she go out last night, where did she go, and why didn’t she say anything about it.



Chapter 17

The gray building had just three rooms plus the rest rooms. There was the foyer with the reception desk, a small office, and a larger conference room. 
Mardi was in charge of the reception desk and the coffee pot. “Go’on in,” she said. “They’re all ready for ya’.” 
 The conference room had gray folding chairs around a rectangular six-foot brown folding table. New, the conference room furniture would cost a couple hundred bucks or less. 
“Come on in,” the director, Mary Stannic, waved them in. “I talked to Jackson Herrick from Aurora Cooper Engineering this morning. In light of recent happenings I invited a couple other guests for this meeting.” She looked over at the two men sitting across the table. “This is Sheriff Blackburn, you met his deputy last night, and this is Mr. Todd Wilbraham from the State Office of Emergency Preparedness. Gentlemen this is Ms. Nadine Russo and Mr. Daniel Hartwick from Aurora Cooper.”
The director summarized the latest events for the group, including the disappearance of Yanus. “I also understand the security guard, from the security firm we hired to patrol our facilities, didn’t check in this morning. He probably just forgot. It’s happened before.”
A buzzing sound came from the sheriff’s direction. He pulled his cell phone out of its belt holder. “Will you excuse me? I think I should take this. Please continue without me.”
“Will you excuse me also,” Nadine interrupted. “I need to use the ladies room?”
“Second door on your left, you can’t miss it.” The director continued her update, “the vandalism that has occurred is simple, but potentially catastrophic.” 
“It’s as simple as bolts removed from the new floodwall bracing system at the south pump station. At maximum water elevations, the wall could fail and send the canal water rushing into La Salle. It appears to be the work of the union. They are having a dispute with the contractor, and union symbols have been spray painted nearby.”
“I can’t believe a union would resort to such a potentially catastrophic tactic,” Todd Wilbraham joined in.
“I’m sure they expected the damage to be found by our inspectors, which it was,” she answered. “But it slows the project down, and certainly makes more work for the contractor. The scary part is what if our inspectors overlooked something and there’s a weak spot that we don’t now about.”

Nadine locked the ladies’ room door and proceeded to call home again on her cell phone. The results were the same. No one answered.
She flushed the mineral stained toilet and rinsed her hands in the six-foot square bathroom.
From the foyer, she saw the sheriff talking intently on his cell. She walked outside and drew in a few deep breaths. She knew she needed to get back into the meeting. 
The market across the street seemed busy. Probably the only store in town, she thought. The old cars and pick-ups would come and go. A thirty-something well-cut working man in a skin-tight T-shirt and snug blue jeans parked right in front of the market. On a better day, she would have enjoyed the sight of a young “stud” in a “sprayed-on” T-shirt. An older man, driving a pick-up, dropped off who Nadine assumed was his wife. Their eyes met as he made his left turn from the market parking lot onto Pearl. He looked familiar somehow.
I’d better go back inside, she thought. The sheriff was still on his cell phone as she re-entered the foyer. Nadine returned to the meeting. 

“Welcome back,” the director said. “Your colleague can fill you in on what you missed. We were just planning a site visit to the south pump station. We’ll go during the lunch hour so we don’t get in the way of construction workers.”
“Now back to the details,” the Director continued. “We need ACE to identify the particularly vulnerable areas – areas that we will need to double check on a regular basis. We will need you to inspect for yourselves the work that has been done. And we will also need recommendations for what we can do to make these pump stations less vulnerable. We can’t have these facilities vulnerable to anyone with a wrench or a baseball bat.”
Nadine drew in a sharp gasp of air. The room hushed and all eyes darted toward Nadine Russo. She sat back and covered her mouth with her fingers, breathing as though she was running on the canal bank again. “I’m sorry, will you excuse me again? I have to step out for a minute.” Not waiting for an answer, she clamped onto Daniel’s forearm, pulling him out of the conference room, and out the front door.
“What’s goin’…” Daniel started to say.
“I saw them!” she interrupted. 
“Who?”
“Over there!” she said pointing toward the market. “The older couple I saw talking, or arguing, with Yanus at Busch Stadium.”
“Are you sure they didn’t just look like them?”
 “Pretty sure.” She took in a deep breath. “The man dropped the woman off to go into the market. Then he looked right at me as he drove out. Maybe he recognized me, too.” 
“Are you sure?”
“Yes! No! Maybe! Our eyes met as though we knew each other.” 
“They were having a heated discussion with Yanus in St. Louis,” she continued. “If that’s them, then maybe there’s a connection somewhere.”
“Wouldn’t he have told us if he knew somebody in town?”
“Maybe he didn’t get the chance,” she said.
“The woman went into the market, right?” Daniel asked. “Let’s…”
Nadine broke into a jog, across the street and toward the market. 
“…find her.” Daniel started to follow. He forgot about his ankle until his second step landed on his left foot. “Ooh!” He cringed. His knee buckled. He hobbled and swerved, but stayed upright and kept moving. Brakes squealed as Nadine crossed Pearl. He followed as fast as he could limp. 
He watched Nadine fling open and disappear through the front doorway of market as he waited for a dented, primer-gray pickup, with an empty trailer, to rattle by.

Emily Hughes had shopped in Engle’s Market thousands of times in her thirty years in La Salle. The Engels, in their eighties, were rarely in the store anymore. She quickly placed a few necessities in her cart—milk, juice, and eggs. George said he would be back in about fifteen minutes.
She had grown accustomed to their life and the people of La Salle. At first, she hated being away from their homeland, but it was their duty to set-up in La Salle. The Hughes were able watch over their hidden stash and provide a stable local contact for visitors. She feared that their mission in La Salle was ending. While in the early years she missed her homeland, she now couldn’t imagine going back after thirty years. She couldn’t imagine sending Kalo back to a place he never knew.
Her cell phone buzzed in her purse. She flipped open the face to see text message. It was from George. It was in all capital letters. She frowned, let go of her cart, and quietly walked into the back storeroom and out the back door.

Daniel jogged across Pearl, gritting his teeth on every other step. His head and upper body rocked from side to side, as he favored his left leg. 
He entered the front of the market. It looked like an overgrown convenience store with a half-dozen short aisles. The store was nearly empty except for the cashier, an older man reading the soymilk labels, and a teenage girl restocking the chips.
“I’m looking for a good looking tall woman with black hair who…” 
“So am I, buddy. Let me know if you find one, or two,” the young male cashier interrupted.
“No. She just came in here. She’s around forty. She was looking for an older woman who also just came in here.”
“Yeah well, the old lady? I didn’t see her go, but she left her cart in the aisle for us to put away. And the woman, she went out the back through the storeroom, which is for employees only by the way.”
Daniel walked briskly into the storeroom and out the back door. “Employees only!” the cashier yelled helplessly in the background.
 In the back was a small parking lot. There were no stripes, but room for four or five cars. There were two cars, no Nadine, and no older woman. An overgrown hedge lined the back of the lot, providing a buffer between the market and residential back yards.
Daniel walked to the middle of the lot and rotated a quarter at a time. He saw no one. He noticed a small gap in the back hedge and walked through. Straight ahead between two ranch houses was Nadine, standing on the Elm Street sidewalk.
She rotated her body a quarter at a time, as Daniel did in the parking lot. Her last turn placed her looking back at Daniel. She held out her hands, then placed them on her hips.
Daniel walked out to meet her.
Elm was lined with trees. The homes were comfortable looking ranches. Some were small bungalows with a short second story. The upstairs of the bungalows were probably not suitable for anybody taller than five-and-a-half feet tall. A few larger two and three story, plantation style homes, mingled with the ranches and bungalows.
The only thing unusual was an old Ford Escort pulling up with a flat tire. There was no sign of the older woman. There were a few cars parked on the street and a frustrated young woman getting out of her disabled Escort. Even that wasn’t too unusual.
“It looks a lot different in daylight,” Nadine said.
“Let’s go back to the car where we can cover more ground,” Daniel suggested.
“She vanished,” Nadine looked at Daniel. “Left an empty cart in the market. Didn’t go out the front. Not a soul in the back. She just vanished.”
They walked back through the hedge to the market parking lot.
“If the old guy saw you, and they’re that same couple in St. Louis, then he could’ve come back to get her out.”
“Maybe,” she replied. She sat on the back step of the market. “But, I didn’t see anybody.”
“Could’ve picked her up on Elm.” Daniel pointed toward hedges and sat next to Nadine.
She shrugged.
Daniel rubbed his ankle.
“Sorry I took off on you like that. I forgot about your ankle, how is it?”
“It’s OK. I’m just a little slower than normal—which is pretty slow to begin with,” he said. “How’s your head?” he asked, referring to the knock on the head she took the night before.
“I forgot all about it.” She waved him off. “I saw you limping a little. Is it swollen?” she pointed to his ankle.
“I don’t know, I didn’t look.” Daniel rolled his left pant leg a few inches above the ankle. He then rolled the right pant leg up to compare. 
“A little puffy. Probably should’ve iced it. Does it hurt to touch?” she asked.
“Only when I run—or walk—or stand for that matter.” He unrolled his pant legs and brushed the sides a few times as if to smooth out the wrinkles. 
“Sorry, no more running today,” she said. 
The melody of Canon in D came from Daniel’s pocket. 
“Is that your cell phone?”
He retrieved his phone and flipped it open. “Hi, this is Daniel.” 
“Daniel, it’s Shane. What the hell is going on? I got an unpleasant call from Jackson who got calls from both Todd Wilbraham and the District Director. Jackson tried to call Nadine Russo, but she is not answering her phone…”
“She’s right here,” Daniel turned to Nadine. “Is your phone on?”
“It’s in my handbag. I think I left it in the conference room.”
“I’ll put you on speaker.” He examined the keypad. “Where’s that speaker button.” 
Daniel held the phone up between their heads. “They tell me you two just took off in the middle of a meeting with them. They are important clients. We owe them a good explanation and an apology.”
That bastard, Daniel teeth clenched and his eyes narrowed.
“I’ll talk to ‘em later,” Nadine jumped in, talking loud and calm into the speaker. “We’re meeting them at the south pump station around lunch time. Oh, and in case you forgot,” she emphasized, “Yanus is still missing. We’re gonna look around a little until then. Gotta’ go, bye.” 
Daniel quickly pressed the “end” button before Shane Gorman could respond. He was impressed with Nadine’s business-like approach and her restraint. “That S.O.B. He’s more worried about his client than Yanus. I should’ve quit right then.” 
“You won’t have to. I’ll probably get us both fired anyway.”
“They couldn’t afford to fire you.”
She shook her head. “He’s got a warped sense of priorities.”
They walked in the back door of the market and in though the employee’s only door.
“Have fun back there?” the cashier asked.
“It’s a regular funhouse,” Daniel said.
“Don’t suppose you’re gonna buy anything, huh?”
“Maybe next time,” Nadine answered.
“Yeah, sure,” the cashier said.
They walked out the front door, toward the district office.
 “I’d also like to stop at the other pump stations, too. We’ll probably need a key or an escort for the two on the Mississippi.” The Lapointe and Harrison Pump Stations were adjacent to the Mississippi and surrounded on three sides by a ten-foot high chain link fence with barbed wire on top.
“I agree. Let’s see your lists,” she said. “You said you made some lists earlier?”
Daniels phone rang again. This time he was surprised with only a short bell tone. “It’s a text message! From Gorman!”
He pressed the button under the “Read Message” box on the screen.
The message from Shane read, “Sorry. I get the point. Sheriff reported that the district security guard was found dead in the Miss River downstream. Accident? Maybe, but BE CAREFUL. Work with District. They can help. – SG.”



Chapter 18 

They met up with Mary Stannic at the district office parking lot. After apologizing for running out on the meeting, Daniel and Nadine explained their plans. 
She reluctantly lent them gate keys to the Lapointe and Harrison pump stations. “Don’t tell anybody I lent you these,” she said. “You’re not supposed to go in there without an authorized official, but I have to meet with Wilbraham before he goes back to Baton Rouge.”
“We’ll be discrete,” Nadine said.
Stannic handed the keys to Nadine. “These will just get you through the gate, not into the building.” The Lapointe Pump Station was right behind the district office, but she asked them to go to the Harrison Pump Station first, so that Wilbraham wouldn’t see them going in without an escort.
“Thanks, Mary. We’ll have them back in a couple hours.” She dropped the pump station keys into her pocket, then looked at Daniel. “Let’s go over your lists on the way.”
He retrieved the list from his shirt pocket as they got back into the Taurus, and he showed it to Nadine.
“Looks good,” she said. “I like the bloodhound idea, but what do we have with Yanus’s scent on it?”
“I don’t know. His room was cleaned out. I’ll at least call the sheriff to see if they have a search dog.”
“You said you made lists. Do you have another list?”
Daniel wasn’t sure he wanted her to see the second list. Would she be offended by his other list? What’s more important, finding Yanus, or avoiding some hurt feelings? Daniel twisted and dug into his pants pocket. He pulled out the second list. “Keep in mind I was just jotting down a bunch of stray thoughts.”
She looked toward him, crinkling her eyebrows, as he handed her the second list. They remained in the district office parking lot while she read over the lists.
“I see Yanus is YF,” she said scanning Daniel’s list. “And I’m NR,” she nodded. “Oh!” Her eyes opened wide. She read the rest without comment.
It seemed harmless when he wrote, “What does NR know?” He could also see how it could be viewed as an accusation.
“I shouldn’t have even noted some of that,” he offered. “There’s just some odd things going on and I didn’t know….I didn’t know if you were telling me everything.”
She continued to look over his second list without responding.
“I don’t know why Yanus wanted to meet with me, privately,” he continued. “It was probably something stupid like baseball.”
“Or maybe he wanted to tell you something about me,” she jumped in, breaking her silence.
She was a little offended, he thought. He should’ve just asked her, instead of writing it on a stupid list. “I don’t know what he wanted. He liked working with you,” Daniel said. “We’ll just ask him when we find him.” 
“How do you know I’m telling you everything now?” she asked.
“I, um,” he searched for the right words. He didn’t know. “We just met yesterday. You don’t have to tell me anything.”
 She thought for a minute. “Kidnapped, killed, or hiding,” she read on. “Not great options, I’d say.”
“No,” he shook his head.
 “And hiding from what?” she continued. “At least in two-out-of-three options, he’s still alive.”
“Let’s just say, two-out-of-two and scratch off that middle one,” Daniel said pointing to the word killed. 
Nadine did not react. Maybe he shouldn’t have highlighted the possibility that Yanus may no longer be alive. Yet Daniel truly believed that Yanus was still alive. Maybe he absorbed some of Nadine’s positive thinking on the ride up to La Salle.
 “Last night,” she started. “I did go out.”
“No, no,” he waved her off. “It’s none of my business, let’s just get going.”
She reached into her purse and pulled out a crimpled note of her own. “Your list was just being honest. It’s a fairy tail compared to this little note,” she said, handing her husband’s note to Daniel.
Daniel read the handwritten note. 
He was stunned! 
“I found it last night, hidden in my purse.”
“Wow! I’m so sorry,” he said at a loss for any other words. What was she going through? First Yanus disappears, and then she gets a Dear Jane note from her husband. What a wimp—hides the note so that she is a thousand miles from home by the time she finds it.
 “Stinks, huh.”
“To put it mildly. You found this yesterday?” he asked handing it back to her.
“Last night, after we got back from Yanus’s room.”
“You could’ve called me? No, scratch that. You didn’t even know me, why would you.”
“I wanted to burn it, as though I could undo it by destroying the evidence.”
“That’s when you went for a drive. No wonder.” Daniel shifted in the car seat, turning toward Nadine. “Please let me know if there is anything I can do.”
“Thanks.”
“You know, if you want to fly out of here today instead of tomorrow, that’s OK with me,” Daniel added. “You’ve got more important things to take care of at home. I’ll manage here. I think we are just spinning our wheels here anyway.”
“Thanks. Actually I tried, but I couldn’t get a flight until tomorrow.”
“Have you talked to your kids?”
“No, there’s no answer at the house, and Karen’s with her grandmother in New York. I haven’t got up the courage to call her yet.”
“Do whatever you need to do. I think the police are going to have to figure this out, not a couple of out-of-town engineers.” 
We take so much for granted, Daniel thought. He stressed over past events at Ironwood Flats, career setbacks, and last minute job travel, but it was nothing compared to what Nadine, and Yanus, were probably facing. He was also ready to leave town but he knew he had to keep pressing-on for Yanus.
“Let’s just go to that pump station. I can’t deal with this thing with Tony right now,” Nadine said as she started the engine.

George and Emily Hughes arrived back at the house empty handed. They didn’t have enough time to buy the supplies they needed.
“That woman engineer recognized us from St. Louis. We’re going to have put her away for a while,” George Hughes said.
“What does that mean?” she asked. “The security guard is dead, and I don’t like where you’re headed with the barmaid.”
“Nothing,” he said.
“What are you going to do with those two engineers?”
“We’ll just lock her up until this is all done,” he said. “She may have seen us, but she doesn’t know anything. And if that other engineer gets in the way, we’ll lock him up too.”
Emily Hughes wasn’t so sure George would stop at just locking them up. “We have no room for all of these people. This isn’t a prison, you know.” 
“We’ll stick ‘em in the barn. Hey Jenson, is Karson down in the basement? Cause I got another task for you two.”
Would he really risk locking them up in the barn, she wondered, with their precious equipment and supplies stored there? 



Chapter 19

The Harrison Pump Station was at the north end of Pearl Street. There, the north leg of the La Salle Canal joined up to the Mississippi River levee. The pump station sat on the outside bank of the Mississippi River levee. 
The levee rose more than twenty feet above La Salle. The river water level crept up due to heavy rains in the upper Midwest. The Mississippi River typically ran about ten feet above La Salle and five feet above the La Salle Canal water level.
Daniel was certain the Mississippi was well above the historical ten-foot differential from the heavy spring rains.
Across the La Salle Canal to the north, the La Salle Detention Basin was also full.
The Lapointe and Harrison Pump Stations regulated flow between the La Salle Canal and the Mississippi through large diameter pipes. Ductile iron pipes traversed through the thirty-five foot wide Mississippi River levee, from the Mississippi, to the controlling valves and pumps in the pump stations.
The Lapointe Pump Station served as the inlet allowing Mississippi River water to flow into the canal. The Harrison Pump Station pumped surplus water from the canal back into the Mississippi.
Nadine parked the Taurus in a grassy area east of Pearl Street, where the La Salle Canal levee merged into the massive Mississippi River levee.
A chain-link fence, with barbed wire on top, enclosed the pump station along with its 500-gallon steel diesel fuel tank on three sides. The fourth side, adjacent to the end of the canal, was a concrete wall. The only openings were pipe inlets, with bars in front of the openings to keep trash out.
Nadine opened the gate padlock with the key from the District Engineer.
The lower level of the pump building had watertight reinforced concrete walls. It housed the heart of the pump station—the pumps and valves. The next level was a steel framed building with metal siding and roofing, housing the controls and an emergency electrical generator.
“Any idea what we should be looking for?” Nadine asked.
“No clue, I wish we had a key to this door though,” Daniel said, pointing to the building entrance.
Nadine walked up to the door and casually pulled the knob to test the lock. The lock clicked and the door opened. “I guess the last one in here didn’t close this all the way,” she said as she looked back at Daniel.
“You have a way of finding unlocked doors,” he said referring to when Nadine entered Yanus’s hotel room the night before.
“At least there won’t be anyone hiding under the bed.”
They entered the building and began looking around. They were on the second level. Inside was a five-foot high by four-foot long island of electrical cabinets, bolted to a concrete platform.
“Someone’s been here recently,” Daniel pointed to the concrete floor behind the cabinets. “The dust and dirt on the floor’s been disturbed around the back of these. It’s cleared off over here, by shoes or someone sitting on the floor.”
Nadine peeked around the back of the cabinets. A fine layer of dirt and dust covered most of the floor.
 “Someone spent some time around this area,” Daniel said looking over a patch of dust-free concrete floor.
“Does anything look unusual?”
“No, not so far,” he said looking over the back panel of the cabinet.
Nadine retrieved a set of hex-head screwdrivers from a small tool chest and handed them to Daniel. “Take a look?”
“You read my mind.” Daniel removed the metal back to the cabinet. Inside there appeared to be more wires than circuit boards. Yet, it was surprisingly uncluttered. The cabinet was a big metal box for just a few small circuit boards and switches. He kneeled down on the “brushed-off” area of the floor and sat back, resting on his ankles. He grimaced as he bent his 46-year-old knees further than they wanted to go.
Nadine crouched down beside him.
He was no stranger to large valves, pumps, and their control systems from his nuclear engineering training. Clinging to the side wall of the cabinet, a rogue circuit board stood out like a beacon. 
“What’s that?” Nadine said. “That looks different from the others.”
Daniel approached the circuit board with his right hand, stopping short of touching it. “It’s different all right. And that little cardboard tube has me a little nervous.”
“What is it?”
“I’m not sure. An explosive maybe?”
“What?”
“It looks to small to do much damage, other than maybe destroy this cabinet.”
“How do you know that?” she asked. “Do you know explosives?”
He shook his head. “Just guessing. Looks small, that’s all.”
“Just guessing, huh? Let’s get out of here.”
Daniel gingerly reached in and pulled the circuit board off the side of the cabinet. The long wires remained attached, dangling almost to the floor. “This must be radio controlled,” he said holding the small antenna.
“Do you know what to do with that thing?” Nadine asked. “Can you just cut those wires and shut it down?” she asked. 
“I have no idea. We better call in the police, or the District Director, or somebody who knows what the hell they’re doing.”
Nadine flipped open her cell phone. “No bars, no signal in here. Must be the metal building,” she said looking around at the metal walls.
“How could this be radio controlled through these metal walls,” he said, staring at the rogue circuit board. 
“I’ll go outside and call. Maybe you should put that down?” she said pointing to the circuit board. “I don’t want that thing to go off in your face,” she said walking toward the door.
"Me neither." He put the circuit board back where he found it. He followed the wires to the pump motors and the valve actuators that opened and closed the valves. The wires from the control panel main switches were cut. The little rogue circuit board ran the show. 
He climbed down to the lower level into the valve vault. The lower level was below the water level of the canal, and well below the Mississippi River water level. The floor was dry and the walls were watertight. Again, the dust had been disturbed. Someone had been down there also. 
Daniel recalled from plan reviews that the outfall pipes to the Mississippi were built too low. If the pipe outlets became submerged under the high Mississippi River water, and the pipes were primed, or flow started like someone siphoning gas, water could flow freely the wrong direction, from the Mississippi into the La Salle Canal. The district planned to fix this flaw in the next rehabilitation project.
The pumps and valves guarded against that.
He rushed back upstairs. Nadine was still outside. “Did you get through OK, Nadine?” He yelled through the wall. 
She didn’t answer. “You still on the phone?” He went in back to the cabinet again to take another look at the clandestine control system. He snapped a couple of pictures with his cell phone, before the screen went blank. Should’ve charged this last night, he realized.
“I’ve seen enough. I’m out-of-here.” With a glance at the entry door, he saw why it wasn’t latched when they arrived. It was also clear how “they” were going to get their signal to the circuit board, whoever “they” were. 
There was a small black plastic box just above the upper left corner of the door. A bare wire hung down about five inches from the box, and another wire ran through the upper left corner of the door opening to the outside. There was probably a small antenna or another bare wire on the outside. The black box was possibly a repeater or relay device to relay the signal to the circuit board.
The wire must’ve kept the door from latching properly.
He thought he heard a shuffle outside the door, but no voices. Couldn’t she hear him?
He looked toward the opposite wall. There was an emergency exit. Daniel walked to the other door. He gently pushed open the emergency exit door and peeked out. No alarm went off. The La Salle Canal began less than fifty feet away to his left. 
She’ll be pissed if I startle her again, he thought. He slowly walked through the opening. The outside of the door was blank—no handle, no knob, and no lock. It was exit only.
There was a pile of debris, wood scraps, rusted pipes, and sheet metal near the exit. While propping the door with his foot, he grabbed a scrap of wood and wedged it between the door and the door jam to keep it from closing. 
The circuit board! He ran back inside. Daniel examined the circuit board and the mysterious cardboard tube. "Here goes nothin." He pulled out the wires one-by-one until the circuit board was free. He rushed out the emergency exit door, with the circuit board in hand. He leaned back and threw the board into the murky water of the La Salle Canal.
He brushed off his hands and grabbed a four-foot long section of steel pipe stacked in the pile of debris. He gradually slid it out from the pile.
Daniel peeked around the corner on the backside of the pump building. It was empty. 
He scurried quickly to the next corner. He could see the end of the diesel fuel tank. It was open underneath where he noticed two sets of feet and ankles, close together. The feet were pointing toward Daniel, but the rest of their legs were hidden behind the tank. 
He was sure he recognized the two feet closest to him. The black jeans rested gently on the stylish black shoes—Nadine’s shoes.
He peered around the corner toward the unlocked door they first entered. The stout back of a man, leaning on the wall, blocked his view of the door. The man held some small black gadget in his left hand.
Do I try to sneak up on him or do I sprint, he wondered. 
He pushed off at full speed with the pipe in his right hand. He had a clear path to the man. By the second stride, the man began to turn his head. Daniel’s sore ankle screamed at him as his foot landed. Daniel ignored it. By the fourth stride, the man faced Daniel and Daniel was still ten feet away.
The man raised his left hand with the black device. Daniel raised the steel pipe over his shoulder. Two wires, led by a barbed dart, shot out of the black devise. One dart zipped by under Daniel’s right arm. The other caught his shirt and nipped his ribcage. 
Daniel continued forward swinging the pipe down like an axe on the man’s forearm. The man dropped the black device grunting in pain. “Arhh!” he said glaring at Daniel. 
The dart stung in his side.
Daniel followed with a strong backhanded swing to the ribcage, followed by another to his right knee. The man dropped to the ground rolling in pain. “Jenson!” he yelled.
Daniel picked up the black device just in time to see the second man, from behind the tank, almost upon him. It was the first he had seen a stun gun up close. He never expected one to be fired at him. Daniel reached out with the device toward the charging man. The man stopped.
“OK, what a minute. Nobody is going to get hurt here. We’re hired by the State to check these out,” the man said. “What were you doing in there anyway? That’s off limits. Are you authorized to be in there?” 
“Who are you? What do you want with us,” Daniel asked, delaying the inevitable. With the cartridge spent, he would have to make contact with the man to zap him.
Out of the corner of his eye, Daniel saw Nadine trying to get up off the ground. The bastard must have thrown her to the ground. 
Daniel lunged toward the man, making contact on his chest, pressing the button on the stun gun. He could feel the device vibrate. On contact, the man shook and dropped to the ground. 
Daniel pulled the spent wires from the stun gun and ran to the other side of the tank. The remains of the one wire, with the barb stuck in his side, dandled behind him. 
Nadine appeared dazed. She had duct tape over her mouth and around her wrists behind her back. Daniel pealed the duct tape off her wrists. “Are you OK?” 
Nadine immediately pealed off the duct tape from over her mouth. “Damn! That stings.”
Daniel took her by the hand and led her out the gate, locking the padlock behind them. “I’ll drive this time,” he said. 
Nadine unlocked the doors, tossed Daniel the keys and hopped into the Taurus. 
“We better make those calls now,” Daniel said. 
Nadine looked back as Daniel drove off. “Yeah, except that they took my phone.”
“You can try mine, but I think the battery is low.”
She looked at Daniel’s phone. “When’s the last time you charged this?”
“Before I left Phoenix. It’s a hand-me-down company phone. I think it needs a new battery.”
She punched a few buttons and held Daniel’s phone up to her ear. “Nothing.” She handed it back to Daniel.
 “Sorry, guess I should’ve charged it,” he said as he pulled up to the north pump station. “Maybe we should go straight to the police station.”



Chapter 20 

The north pump station stood in front of them, three stories tall. The rusty corrugated metal siding rattled in the wind. There was neither security fencing nor any prowling hoodlums—so far.
“Let’s take a quick look while those two guys are incapacitated,” Nadine said. “By the way did you recognize their accents?”
“I only heard one of them,” he answered. The accent sounded like Yanus’s.
“Shall we look?”
“You’re braver than I am. We’ve got to be quick, who knows when they’ll resurface,” he said. “And we stick together from now on.”
“You got it.” She nodded. “They knew we were there,” she stated as she got out of the car. “They also knew who we were. They mentioned your name.”
The pump station still had the nauseating odor of dead animals. Nadine walked over near the source of the stench by the abandoned vault. “It reeks here!”
“Yeah, I found that out this morning,” he leaned back against the side of the vault. “Let’s see if we can get in.” 
“What’s that wire hanging down from your shirt?” Nadine motioned for Daniel to turn to the side. 
“It’s my power cord.”
“Your what? Is that blood on your shirt?” She pinched his light blue polo shirt by the two-inch red spot. “What is this?” She lifted up the loose end of the insulated wire.
“Whoa, don’t pull on that,” he said. “I caught one of those stun gun darts in my side. He missed with the other barb, so he couldn’t zap me.”
“You just gonna walk around with that?” 
“It’s got some kind of barb on the end.” He pulled up the bottom of his shirt to reveal a metal dart, with a wire dangling off one end. It was stitched through a half-inch of his skin. The point protruded through the other side of the stitch. On the point was a small barb, like half of a small arrowhead. “I thought I’d just deal with this later.”
“Later? Ouch! And I was complaining about the duct tape,” she said. “Let’s get that taken care of.”
He dropped the bottom of his shirt, not bothering to tuck it back in. “It just stings a little. I’m not going to bleed out or anything.” A beeping sound started coming from Daniel wrist.
“Is that your watch beeping?”
“My what…?” Daniel looked down at his Geiger counter watch. “Huh!” The radiation alarm beeped. “Radiation levels are a little high here.”
“Here? How high?” She said backing away from the vault.
“Here,” he said pointing toward the ground. “I sat on the other side this morning and it didn’t go off. This watch measures an equivalent dose rate, in microsieverts per hour. I don’t know how accurate it is but it’s reading just above nineteen.” Nadine peered down at the LCD watch face. “It’s not dangerous. It’s just above normal”
“Let’s get out of here,” she waved him toward the car. “What’s a microsievert? And what’s dangerous?”
“It’s cumulative,” he said as they hurried back to the car. “It depends on how long you’re exposed.”
“You’re injured, I’ll drive,” she held out her hand for the keys. “What’s normal?”
Daniel handed her the keys. “You’re familiar with the term rem, right. About ten-thousand microsieverts equals one rem. Point one is a typical background reading.” 
“And you’re showing, what, nineteen?”
“This is a toy.” He tapped his watch. “I wouldn’t put too much faith in it.”
“Yanus sure liked it,” she said.
He glanced at his watch again. “It’s falling now. There’s some artificial source by that vault. Judging by the burns on those dead animals I would say there could be something inside or maybe under that vault.”



Chapter 21

Within a few minutes Nadine and Daniel reached the sheriff’s office. It was a small rectangular building with wood siding painted white. The building was not much larger than the district office. 
The office was clearly a satellite office, with a part-time receptionist in the main foyer, and an office for the local deputy or sheriff. 
There was a single office and a bathroom on one side of the foyer, and three closed doors on the other side. There was also a steel door with a small barred opening along the back wall leading to an empty holding cell. An “Evidence Room” label was mounted on one of the three closed doors. The other doors were unmarked.
The sheriff came out of the only office to greet them. Nadine and Daniel described their encounter at the Harrison Pump Station to the sheriff.
Daniel showed the sheriff the evidence stuck in his side. “It’s the latest fad—getting your rib cage pierced.”
The sheriff looked quickly, winced, and then looked up, alternating between Nadine and Daniel. “I got to be in Baton Rouge this afternoon, but I’ll check out the pump station on my way,” the sheriff offered. “Deputy Northrup can look into it more when he comes on duty. 
“In the meantime, two buildings down from Uncle Sallie’s is a doctor’s office. I’m sure the doctor, or the nurse there, can get that out and cleaned up for you. Oh and have her bag it up for me. You know, as evidence.”
“I’ll be happy to just get rid of it without ripping my skin off,” Daniel said. “Any word on Yanus Fautonov?”
“Nothing yet,” the sheriff said.
“Do you have any tracking dogs available? You know like a bloodhound?”
“Yeah, one of our deputies has a dog that he uses sometimes. She’s not a police dog, she’s his personal pet, but I think he’s used her successfully before,” the sheriff said. “She’s a beautiful German Shepherd.”
“Can we get her up here?” Daniel asked.
“I’ll see what I can do. Now I got to hit the road, and you need to get some bodywork done,” he said pointing to the red spot on Daniel’s shirt.
“If we can find something of Yanus’s with his scent, then it might work,” Nadine said. “But first, you have a date with a nurse for that thing.”
“You’re coming in with me, right,” Daniel said pointing at her. “We stick together at all times, remember. I’ll not have you disappearing on me.” 
“What if I need to go to the bathroom?”
“Except for that.” 
It was a short walk to the doctor’s office.
“I’m sorry I’m leaving you here tomorrow.”
“Don’t worry about it. You got important stuff you need to do. I wish I was leaving too, but I…” He was ready to say that he didn’t have a good enough excuse to go back home, but a crumbling marriage was hardly just an excuse. “I’ll be fine.”

The nurse at Dr. Jacobs’s office marveled at the dart piercing the skin on Daniels side. She called the doctor away from his current patient.
Daniel sat shirtless in the examination room. He was not used to going topless around co-workers.
“Are you sure you want me in here for this?” She took his shirt to the small sink in the corner of the room. 
Daniel was not “cut” like some Baywatch lifeguard. Fortunately, the “love handles” around his waist were barely noticeable, if at all. He tried to let go of his vanity. He was in a doctor’s office, after all. Nadine wasn’t looking anyway.
“This will be one business trip we’ll want to forget.” Nadine rinsed the blood spot off Daniels shirt in the sink. Once the blood was gone, she held up the shirt. “Nice shirt, except for the hole.” 
The doctor washed his hands and in less than a minute, he cut out the dart and slipped it into a plastic zipper storage bag. 
The nurse irrigated and cleaned the wound, then blotted a stinging disinfectant onto the open cut. The doctor sewed in four quick stitches, leaving the nurse to finish dressing the wound. 
Daniel’s light blue polo shirt had vertical ribbing. The dart cut a little hole directly in the middle of one of the ribs in the shirt. “Here.” Nadine handed him back his damp shirt. 
“Thanks. Looks like you got most of it out.” Daniel pulled his shirt, with a soccer ball size wet spot on the side, over his head. “Are we going to make our pump station site meeting?”
“Yep, we got ten minutes. You OK?” She asked.
“Ready.” Daniel turned his back to Nadine and tucked in his shirt.
“Although I’m not sure I want to go to anymore pump stations right now,” she said.
“At least we’ll have company. Safety in numbers, right?”

It was a light shock. Jenson got up quickly. Karson sat on the ground by the door. “Anything broken?” Jenson asked.
“His head, when I catch up to him! Go check the controller inside. Make sure he didn’t screw up anything.”
Jenson went back into the pump station as ordered. It was screwed up all right. He examined the cut and dangling wires. "We'll have to redo this one," he yelled out the door. The second charge was well hidden and undamaged.
After Jenson helped him to the car, Karson pulled out the tracking receiver. The receiver was about the size of a cell phone.
“Are the tracking devises transmitting?” Jenson asked. 
“They are. Looks like one’s at the police station and the other’s across the street,” Karson said. “In the car, and in her pocket book, right?”
“Right.”
“Next time, I’m not wasting time with a measly stun gun,” Karson said.



Chapter 22

Mary Stannic had not yet arrived at the south pump station. Nadine and Daniel waited in the car with the doors locked. They weren’t alone. A few construction workers were sitting on the tailgate of a pickup having lunch.
“So what brought you to Phoenix from rural New York?” Nadine asked.
“Work. Ironwood Flats to be exact,” he answered. “I also liked the idea of living in a large city—not to mention the warm weather, no snow, lots of sunshine.” 
“Can’t argue with that. How do you like the summer heat?”
“No big deal, like sticking your head in a hot oven.”
“Now, I know, it’s not that bad. No humidity, right?”
“Not normally,” he said. “Actually, I like it. I spend five or six months out of the year in shorts—aside from work that is. When it rains, people all head to the windows to watch.”
“We stare out the window waiting for it to stop raining,” she said. “I wonder what’s keeping her.”
“I thought we’d be the late ones.”
“You miss living in a small town?” Nadine asked. 
“No way! But as it turns out, Ironwood Flats is in the middle of nowhere. It’s a long, long commute from Phoenix,” he said. “Glad I don’t have to do that anymore. A side benefit of getting fired, I guess.”
“A bright side to everything,” she said. Daniel couldn’t tell if she was serious or just mocking him. 
“So how did you get to Kansas City from New York City? That’s a big change. New York’s a great place to visit, but I wouldn’t know about living there.”
“Staten Island’s a lot different from Manhattan. I loved going to Manhattan.”
“I guess that’s the only New York City I know—Manhattan that is,” he said, “Oh, and of course the ballparks—Shea Stadium and Yankee Stadium.”
“Of course, the ballparks.”
She was definitely teasing him that time. He checked his watch. It read 12:05. “Did you go to a lot of shows and stuff like that?”
“Some shows, some museums,” she answered. “I love the energy there.”
“So, why’d you leave?”
“Job mostly. Plus, I got some family in St. Louis—my Aunt Trish and her family. My grandma lived there too, until she passed away,” she explained. “Between job opportunities for both of us, the low cost-of-living, and family nearby, it seemed like a good place to go.”
“Oh, so your daughter’s visiting Tony’s mother?” Daniel asked.
“Yes, and I bet he hasn’t told either of them what’s going on.”
Daniel shook his head and frowned.
The director pulled up in a gold Cadillac CTS.
“Oh good, they’re here,” Nadine said.
“It’s just the director, was anybody else coming? No, Wilbraham?” Daniel asked.
“No. I forgot he’s headed back to Baton Rouge. The sheriff was goin’ there also.”
“Everybody’s going to Baton Rouge. I guess La Salle’s problems are just an annoyance for them,” Daniel said as he stepped out of the Taurus.
The three of them exchanged hellos and started walking up to the pump station. Rehabilitation work was almost completed. 
A rent-a-fence surrounded most of the site. The rehabilitation work was mostly on the flood protection walls. The flood protection walls were steel sheet pile walls between the canal and the pump station. The existing sheet piling did not have enough embedment in the soil for safety, and was weak from corrosion. 
The walls were cantilevered. Its only means of holding back the canal water was the embedment of the sheet piles into the soil. Two large iron pipes traversed from a sump in the lower level of the pump building, out over the sheet pile wall, and down into the canal. The maintenance road curved down and around the pump station over a small ditch, and a pipe culvert that flowed into the sump.
“How was Harrison?” the director asked as they walked through the open gate.
“No doubt you haven’t heard about our adventures yet,” Daniel said. He recounted the events at the pump station to the stunned director. 
“Holy…what the hell is going on around here?” 
 “They had it wired to control the valves remotely,” Daniel said.
“Had?” the director asked? “Who are they anyway? You’ve never seen them before?”
“Two men with stun guns, duct tape, and a black Crown Victoria, that’s all I know.”
 “You OK Nadine,” she put her hand on Nadine’s shoulder.
Nadine filled in the blanks of the confrontation outside the north pump station. “I was barely out the door when they surrounded me from both sides,” she said. “They took my phone, taped me up, and held a stun gun on me, while they waited for Daniel to come out. I feel like I’m in some kind of surreal dream. None of this makes any sense.”
Daniel nodded in agreement.
“Some weird stuff going on. Let me show you what’s been happening here, then we can go get something to eat,” the director said.
She showed them the wall improvements. A new horizontal beam, called a waler, braced the existing wall. It was mounted on the dry side of the sheet piling just below the water level. New steel piles were driven a few feet away from the wall, at eight-foot intervals along the wall. Construction workers installed horizontal struts, or beams, between the new steel piles and the new waler, to brace the existing wall.
ACE originally recommended the district replace the aging steel sheet piling with new deeper piling. Limited funds, however, drove them to come up with this more economical solution.
“See the nice job they did here,” the director said pointing to the new struts. “Only we found some of the connection bolts had been cut. Same for the walers.”
“They were just cut off?” Daniel asked.
“No, they were cut about three quarters of the way through so that they would shear off under heavy load.”
“Yeah, but chances are those walls would still hold, for all but the worst loading.”
“Yeah, except for one thing,” she pointed to a hand dug hole, about three feet deep and three feet long, next to the old sheet piling. “The sheet piling has been torched, a couple of feet below ground level.”
They crouched down to look into the hole. “Jeeze, without the struts, it wouldn’t take much water to buckle and collapse that wall,” Daniel said.
“I’m not sure how safe it is, even with the struts. It may take some time to fix this,” the director said. “And we’ll need your recommendations for a quick, and permanent, fix.”
“How did you even find this out?” Nadine asked.
“It leaked,” she said. “They obviously only meant to create a weak point, but they cut a little too deep. They created a tiny hole. See it over there. Workers found the wet spot on the ground.”
“You can drop the water level for starters,” Daniel said.
“We’re already doing that. We’re letting the water level drop, but the farmers in town would raise a stink if we were to dry it up. They need this irrigation water.”
“Do you know if this is along the whole length of the wall, or just here?” Nadine asked.
“We think it’s isolated. Of course, just digging a hole behind the wall to check, creates a weak spot.”
“You’ll need bracing while you dig,” Nadine said. “But the whole wall length should be checked. What about inside, anything in there?”
“No circuit boards if that’s what you mean. No, we didn’t find anything unusual,” the director said. “Of course if that wall goes, there’s no amount of pumping from these little pumps that could counter the rush of water.”
“This canal can’t hold that much water. How full is your detention basin?” Daniel asked.
“To the brim. We’ve been banking water from these rains for the inevitable dry spell. Of course, we’ll keep the gates, from the detention basin to the canal, shut until we’ve addressed this.”
“I would say you could start piling up sand bags against the sheet piling, but the extra weight of the sand bags could cause the piling to buckle the other way, into the canal,” Daniel said.
“Let’s discuss our options over a quick lunch,” the director said. “I want to have a plan by the end of the day, so we can start working on it tomorrow.”
Daniel and Nadine agreed.
“We have a decent place for pizza. Just follow me,” she said.

The two cars pulled into a narrow allay between two buildings on Pearl and parked in the back of Uncle Sallie’s.
“Uncle Sallie’s?” Daniel asked.
“Odd name, but good pizza,” the director said. “There’s not much else around here. The Inn doesn’t serve lunch, and you wouldn’t want to go to the W.C.”
“We were here last night,” Nadine said. “Uncle Sallie’s that is. W.C.? As in toilet?” 
Daniel looked at Nadine. How’d she get toilet from W.C.?
“W.C. means toilet in Europe,” she said.
“Ah, water closet, I get it.”
“Yes. It’s about a mile north of here, just north of the detention basin,” the director said pointing up the street. “It lives up to its name.”
“Got it.”
There was a new cast of characters inside of Uncle Sallie’s—no deputy in the corner and no Darlene behind the bar. One man sat at the bar. He swigged his draft and chomped on his hoagie, alternating between the two.
“Hey, Sal, did you hear about Denny?” the man said.
A tall, lanky, throwback to the sixties came out from the back kitchen area. 
“Yeah, sad. I heard he was drinking, but he never drank much in here.” 
Sal was obviously Uncle Sallie. The mustache was gone and replaced with a tuft of salt-and-pepper hair under his lower lip. His hair, tied in a ponytail, hung down below his shoulder blades. Threads of gray added texture to his mane. 
“Who knows what people do in their private time.”
“Yeah, still, I wouldn’t have figured him drinking on the job.”
Daniel thought Denny might be the security guard who was found dead in the river.
They ordered a large pizza from Tamera, the waitress. They couldn’t agree on toppings, so they settled for a large cheese pizza, with three side salads, two ice teas, and a glass of lemonade for Nadine.
“Last night some of the patrons and the bartender were talking about an older man who saw some strange things going on at the Inn,” Daniel said.
The director just shrugged.
“I think his name was Napoleon?” he said.
Nadine smiled. “I’m pretty sure Napoleon was his dog,” she said. “Remember he had a sore on his nose?”
“Well, at least somebody was called Napoleon.”
“Lemme’ check with Uncle Sal while we’re waiting,” Nadine nodded toward the bar.
Daniel and the director talked about La Salle and the flood control district. She joined the District about nine years ago. Her background was in business and public administration, not engineering. 
Nadine leaned up against the bar, taking notes, as Uncle Sal talked. 
It surprised Daniel how many engineering and public works type organizations were not run by engineers, but by business people, number crunchers, and marketers.
Nadine walked back toward the table. “Larry Johansson on Elm Street,” she held up a slip of paper with notes from her talk with Sal. “After lunch?”



Chapter 23 

Nadine and Daniel followed the director’s Cadillac around the block to Elm Street. Larry Johansson lived in a small, white, ranch house on Elm Street between Hawthorn Drive and Pitre Lane. A couple of large oak trees shaded the front yard and the house. They both parked on the street.
The director knocked on the front door, triggering a flurry of barking from inside. “Hush Napoleon.” The barking stopped. The sound of footsteps radiated through the door. 
Larry Johansson opened the door. A large black Labrador retriever stood restlessly beside him. The black lab’s toenails clicked on the hardwood floors with every step. The lab looked up at Larry, searching for direction.
“Hi, I’m Mary Stannic, we spoke on the phone a few minutes ago? This is Nadine Russo and Daniel Hartwick from Aurora Cooper Engineering.”
“Come in. I’m Larry. What do you want to know?” they followed Larry and the lab into the compact living room.
“There have been some odd things happening around town. Some folks at Uncle Sallie’s said you saw some strange activity last night outside of the La Salle Inn,” the director said.
“Yeah, a couple of men hauled this big box or something out the back door. They loaded it into the trunk of a big Ford sedan. You know the kind of car they use for cop cars sometimes. They got huge trunks in those cars.”
“Do you remember what time it was?”
“Around six, I think.”
“Did you recognize them?” Daniel asked.
He shook his head, no. “They were too far away.”
“That’s it? Have you seen anything goin’ on at the pump stations?” she asked.
Larry stepped back a step. He began shifting his weight from side to side. Some discomfort maybe, Daniel thought.
“The only thing I saw was Mr. Hartwick sitting at the north pump station, and Miss Russo here, running down the maintenance road.” 
He stuck his hands in his pockets and began jingling some change, or keys maybe. Larry sat down in a threadbare green plaid chair.
Napoleon sat next to the chair and placed his chin on Larry’s knee. “Napoleon loves that place. He would go after those little varmints digging by that big concrete thing, although one of them must have croaked ‘cause it really stinks.”
“I would stay away from that place for now, Mr. Johansson,” Daniel said.
“Sure. Like I said, it stinks.”
“What about the other ones, ever walk by them?” the director asked.
“It’s a small town, I’ve been by ‘em all,” Larry stopped petting Napoleon and straightened his posture.
“Recently? Seen anything strange at the others?”
“Been by the south one the other day, but nothing strange there,” he said. “What kind of strange? What’s going on?”
“There’s been some major vandalism. You might even call it sabotage, Mr. Johansson. It has put La Salle at risk for flooding.”
Larry seemed genuinely surprised. “I, um, I didn’t see anything. How serious is it?”
“It’s serious,” the director said. “You could be flooded out if something goes.”
“So what about the Inn? Something happen there, too?
“A colleague of theirs,” she said, pointing to Nadine and Daniel, “disappeared last night from the Inn, at around six p.m.”
“Wow. Well it was a big box those two men had. I thought it was maybe some furniture, but it could’ve been one of those storage trunks. You know, like a large footlocker.”
“Large enough to put an adult man in it?” Daniel asked.
“I don’t know, maybe. It was getting dark. And it was too far away,” Larry answered. “That never occurred to me.”
“Anything else you can tell us?” the director asked.
He shook his head. “I think that’s it. Hope your coworker’s OK,” he said.
“Thanks,” Nadine said.

Larry Johansson showed them out the front door and went back to his favorite chair. Napoleon followed almost every step, to the door and back.
Larry saw that car again, earlier in the day. There were two men inside. The car zipped by too fast for his liking. It turned onto Pitre.
He’ll have to have a talk with Ken, the union rep. Nothing he did at the south pump station would have caused that kind’ve damage. Was he being set up to take a fall for something? Maybe he should just stay away from Ken and the pump stations. 
That guy in the car did look a little like Ken. 
Maybe that Mary Stannic was exaggerating to get a reaction. 

“I need a plan of action, first thing in the morning,” the director said as they walked toward their cars, “at least for a temporary fix. How about meeting in my office, eight a.m. tomorrow.”
“Eight, tomorrow. We’ll be there,” Nadine said with a wave.
The director got into her Cadillac and drove off.
“Shall I drive this time,” Daniel said.
“You’re not on the rental contract. I shouldn’t have let you drive last time.”
“Take a break from driving,” Daniel said. “You can look around better from the passenger seat anyway. You might see something I missed.”
“Typical man—always gotta be the one driving,” she said with a smirk.
Daniel let that remark go without a response. “What time is your flight tomorrow?” he asked, changing the subject.
“Not ‘til one,” Nadine said. “Johansson seemed a little uncomfortable with some of our questions, don’t you think? Or am I being paranoid now?”
“Yeah, I think so.”
“Which one? Yes, he was uncomfortable, or yes, I’m paranoid?”
“Maybe both,” Daniel said. “He was a little fidgety there, when she asked about the pump stations.”
“Beautiful dog, though.”
Daniel agreed.



Chapter 24 

George Hughes watched from the living room as Jenson and Karson pulled into the driveway. He walked out the back door to greet them. “Pull that in the barn,” he said pointing to the large sedan. “You guys are leaving too many tracks around here.”
“In with…with Arelie?” Jenson asked.
“Yes.” George Hughes interrupted. “And get her ready to go. We’re leaving early. We’re leaving tonight.”

The wind howled and shook the car as Daniel turned down Pitre Lane. There was no rain yet, but it was coming. He could feel it. The gray of rain surrounded them. He knew that sky from his youth in the northeast. 
He heard a sharp pop from outside the car. The steering wheel shuttered. The pop was not long enough to be thunder and not loud enough to be a gunshot. The rumble of a tire, riding on its sidewalls, followed. Daniel pulled over to the curb. 
 “Flat tire.” He hopped out of the car. The right rear tire was flat. “Hope the spare is good.”
Nadine got out and walked around the car.
“I ran over a something,” he said. They stared at the squished tire.
“That’s the last time I let you drive,” she said.
“There’s a nail, no two, three nails—two nails and a screw. I must have run over some construction waste or something. Looks like this nail near the sidewall did us in.”
“What about the other tires?”
“So far, they’re OK,” he said. “We should get a couple of cans of Fix-a-Flat just in case.”
“Need a hand?”
“No, this shouldn’t take long.”
“That looks like a one man job,” she said. “Let’s see where those nails came from?” Nadine began to walk up the street
He peered up the street while cranking the scissor jack. The side of the car began to rise. “There must be something up there to get three nails in one tire.”
She wandered up the street more than fifty yards before turning around near the front of a small white bungalow. “There’s definitely a lot of junk—lot of screws and nails, scattered around here. We’re lucky we only got one flat.” 
Wind gusts swirled a stray baggie and some paper wrappers through the air. Tree branches swayed in all directions. The wind flipped a small card end-over-end, hopping down the street like a rabbit.
Nadine picked it up. “An old baseball card,” she said.
Daniel could barely hear her over the howling wind.
She flipped it back onto the sidewalk to continue its journey.
Daniel was almost finished. He continued to tighten the lug nuts anchoring the space-saver spare tire. “How old? Yanus might want it for his collection. He carried one in his wallet.” Daniel hoped they would get the chance to give it to him. He wasn’t certain they would.
Nadine jogged a few quick strides and grabbed the hopping card in mid-air. She gave it a close look. “1967,” she said. “Steve Carlton.” 
Daniel looked down the street toward Nadine while he continued to crank on the lug nuts.
“It’s laminated,” she said, examining both sides of the card. “I didn’t think they laminated these.”
The lug wrench popped loose from the lug nut as Daniel leaned on it. He lost his grip and the wrench clanged onto the pavement. He lost his balance and grabbed the fender to keep from toppling. “I’m ready,” he spoke up. “Let’s go…before it starts to thunder and lightning.”
He picked up the wrench and gave the remaining loose wheel nuts a couple more quick turns. He spun the crank on the scissor jack, as though trying to start and old Model-T. 
Nadine reached the car just as the jack came free from the car frame. “Quick, get in.” He motioned to the open passenger side door, threw the tire wrench and jack in the trunk, and nearly ran to get in the driver’s side door.”
“What’s the rush, I don’t hear any thunder yet.”
He started the car and slid the shifter into drive. He drove down to Ash and made a quick left. He drove a little further until the houses on Pitre were out of sight, made a U-turn, and stopped on the opposite side of the road. 
He looked around the corner. A row of large shrubs, lining the property cornering Ash Street, blocked his view of the Pitre Lane houses.
“That card is Yanus’s card,” Daniel said.
“We’ll save it for him.”
“No,” he shook his head. “That card is Yanus’s card. It’s his baseball card.”
“What do you mean, his card?”
He pointed to the card and she handed it to him. “Yanus kept a laminated, 1967, Steve Carlton, baseball card in his wallet.” Daniel tapped the card as he talked. “His father gave it to him. It was a keepsake.”
“God! He was here.” She looked back toward Pitre Lane. “Or he is here, maybe at one of those farmhouses.”
“It could have blown in from anywhere with this wind. We need to figure out a way to check ‘em out,” he said referring to the farmhouses. 
She continued to look toward Pitre.
“It gets dark around six, right?” Daniel got out of the car. 
Nadine followed. 
The shrubs were ragged and untrimmed, six to eight feet tall and covered with large white flowers. 
They walked to the corner, behind the cover of the large shrubs, to look around the corner and back down Pitre lane. 

George Hughes peered out the front window. They finally left. George Hughes relaxed in his living room chair. Of all the places to get a flat, he asked himself. They need to be locked away for a few days. “I’m going outside for a minute,” he yelled through the open doorway to the kitchen. “The propane tank regulator’s not working right.”
“Stove works fine,” she answered.
“I need to check on it before the storms hit us.” There was nothing wrong with the regulator. George Hughes had something else in mind.

A white bungalow, near where Nadine found the baseball card, sat on the left side of Pitre Lane. The house looked well kept, like the rest of the neighborhood. A couple of compact multi-trunked Magnolia trees at the front corners framed the front porch. 
There was a large barn in back and to the right of the house. From their viewpoint, the house was almost directly in line with the barn, yet the large barn rose above the house roofline and peeked out on both sides of the house.
A driveway leading back to the barn ran between the house and a row of small shrubs. They watched for a few minutes from the cover of the large flowering shrubs at the corner of Ash and Pitre. They would need to come out from behind their cover to check out the houses on the right side of Pitre.
“Look,” Daniel said.
An older man walked around from the back of the white bungalow. The man looked around and began to work on a group of propane tanks. They looked like hundred-pound tanks. There were four of them connected together.
Nadine put her arm in front of Daniel. She guided him backward, out of sight of the bungalow. “That could be the guy in the pickup. You know, in front of the market?”
“Same one you saw in St. Louis?”
“Maybe. It’s too far away to tell for sure.” 
What do we do now, he wondered. Daniel pondered the house, the old man, and the barn. “Big barn! Look at the size of that barn,” he said.
“Yeah, it’s huge, isn’t it,” Nadine said. She didn’t seem too interested in the barn.
“I bet from the other side of that barn, the house is completely blocked from view,” Daniel said.
“You thinking of sneaking up on the house, from behind that barn?”
“Maybe…just to get a closer look. If we approach from the other side,” he said, “anybody inside the house, wouldn’t be able to see us coming from behind the barn.”
“Those fields are wide open,” she said. “We’d have no cover.”
“We should wait ‘til dark, huh?” he asked.
“Probably. What do we do when we get there?”
“Not a clue. Just watch I guess.”
”Let’s go,” she said. 
“Now?”
“What else have we got? Nothing,” she said. “We go and just watch the house for a while. If we see something, then we come back later with the sheriff or the deputy.”
“Yeah, they’ve been real helpful.” Not, he thought.
“OK, then, Larry and Napoleon, Abe from security, anybody,” she said.
“OK.” He was sure Nadine could outrun anybody if they were spotted. “It’s better than nothing.”



Chapter 25 

Daniel made U-turn on Ash to avoid driving by the white bungalow. After picking up the Fix-a-Flat and two cans of Pepsi, Daniel drove to Hawthorn Drive. He pulled over not far from the north pump station and parked the Taurus just beyond another farmhouse. The Wilson’s was painted vertically on the wood mailbox post. Most of the farms were forty acres and about a quarter-mile apart.
“Well, that’s it,” Daniel said stepping out of the car. He peered across the brown fields. “About a half-mile?”
“A ten-minute walk. Looks like we’re gonna to get wet,” she said, holding her hand out to catch raindrops.
“It might help our cover. We’ll have to swing over to the left a little to keep the barn between us and the house,” Daniel said. “Do we need to watch out for snakes in those fields?”
“There’s probably more dogs and farmers with shotguns to watch out for than snakes,” Nadine offered. “Since you brought it up, you can go first.”
“What about crocodiles or alligators?”
“There is a pond over there,” she said pointing off to their right, “but not likely. There’re no crocs in Louisiana anyway. Any other cheery thoughts you want to share?”
“Nope, that’s enough for now.”
They trampled slowly through the newly planted fields. They walked between the rows of seedlings, beginning to emerge. The wind and rain continued to build. There were low rumblings in the background. The dark puffy clouds appeared to hang on the treetops.
“So far, all clear,” Nadine said.
“But there are alligators, right?” he asked.
“Am I some expert on alligators? I’m from New York City, remember?”
“But your mother was from down here, right? That makes you the expert.”
“Only time I saw an alligator was when one ate my nephew—enough with the alligators!” she said louder.
“OK, shut-up and walk Danny,” he said aloud to himself.
They continued to trudge deliberately, through the open farmland toward the barn.
“Alligators are actually pretty fascinating animals. They’ve been around for a couple hundred million years. They have no natural predators,” she said, continuing to needle him.
“Meaning?” he bit.
“They’re at the top of the food chain, Danny.” 
“OK, OK, I get the point, enough with the alligators!”
“So, now you call yourself Danny?”
“My mother calls me Danny, unless I’m in trouble, then its Daniel,” he explained. “At work I’m Daniel, which is fitting ‘cause I’m usually in trouble there.”
A loud clap sent them both into a crouch. The light rain turned into a downpour. The wind blew the rain almost sideways. The wet earth caked onto the bottom of their shoes. They were less than forty yards from the barn. “There might be some cover along the back side of the barn,” Daniel said.
Nadine seized that idea and dashed toward the barn. Daniel hobbled three or four strides behind. Their saturated clothes and mud-caked shoes slowed them. Daniel figured he was carrying ten pounds of extra dead weight.
Dripping wet, they crept up to a corner of the barn. Daniel’s hair stuck to his forehead. It hung straight down, covering his eyebrows. Nadine’s longer wet hair twisted and clumped together in the back. Her hair looked like a bundle of disheveled dreadlocks. “Looks like we are ready for the company photo shoot,” Daniel said. 
He poked his head around the corner. There was a single, large, overhead door, on the side of the barn. Beyond the overhead door was the back of the bungalow. The driveway ran between the house and the barn, curving right up to the overhead door.
Daniel stepped back to let Nadine take a peek. 
“Looks quiet,” she said. Between them and the overhead door was a small side door. “Do you think we can get inside the barn through that side door?”
“Maybe. You’re the expert at finding unlocked doors,” he said. “That door’s in view of the house though. If anybody’s watching, we’re caught.”
“Do you want to stay out here?”
“No. I don’t see anybody. Let’s give it a shot.”
A loud clap of thunder came seconds after a blinding flash of lightning. The thunder echoed like a starting gun at a race. Nadine took off on queue. She accelerated through four or five quick strides to the side door. She turned the knob, opened the door, and stepped in. 
Daniel rushed follow, but without the cover of thunder. He entered the barn and immediately bumped into Nadine. Nadine stopped dead in her tracks.
She looked up at a two-story tall tube. The tube lay on its side. The outer skin looked like some kind of bluish-gray polymer or plastic material. It was some kind of aircraft. 
The tube looked slightly squished into an oval shape—wider than it was tall. On the side was a small swept back wing. On top, was a fin similar to the wing. It rested on legs projected from the tube’s shell.
Daniel’s eye caught another object, a dark object to the right or the tube. Just inside the overhead door was a black Crown Victoria, squeezed between the aircraft and the overhead door. He was almost certain it was the black Crown Victoria, that’ Napoleon’s owner, Larry Johansson, talked about.
The inside of the barn was like no other he had been in. The rugged vertical pine boards on the outside were covered with flat metal paneling on the inside. The paneling was clean, smooth, and surprisingly rust-free. The floor was wall-to-wall concrete. Ample light from indirect ceiling lights bathed the large space.
“Are you ready,” echoed a man’s voice.
“Ready, go ahead Karson,” spoke a second man.
Nadine and Daniel looked at each other. The voice and accent of the second man was the voice of the man Daniel zapped at the Harrison Pump Station. 
Nadine looked up at the outer skin of the aircraft, “Wow,” she mouthed. The plastic skin changed color, first to a dirty white, then to black as night. Some white lights appeared to shine from parts of the changing black skin of the aircraft.
Nadine crouched down and pointed under the aircraft. On the other side was a pair of feet, walking slowly to the right.
“Where’s the other guy,” Daniel whispered in her ear. “Inside the plane?” 
The aircraft skin turned to multiple shades of gray. The gradation from light to dark gray appeared to be floating around the aircraft skin in waves.
“Looks good,” the second man, the man on the other side, said. “Pontoons charged?”
“Did that twenty minutes ago,” the first man’s voice appeared to come from inside the aircraft. “Come up, Jenson. Help me inventory our travel rations.”
Jenson climbed up a narrow, wobbly, stairway, out of Daniel and Nadine’s line of sight. “Sure, but we’re not even taking this ship. Once out of range we transfer to the one from, ah, Seneca Lake, right?” 
Daniel pointed toward the underside of the aircraft. He tipped his head the same direction to try to silently ask Nadine if they should go underneath.
She agreed, crouched down to the floor, and crawled under the belly of the aircraft. Daniel followed behind her. 
The aircraft belly was four feet off the concrete floor. It was barely enough room for them to sit cross-legged. They sat shoulder blade to shoulder blade, backed up to each other, so they could see most of the floor around them.
“Doesn’t matter,” Karson answered. “As long as we get out of here soon, and as long as we don’t have to spend the whole trip with old Hughey in there.”
Who’s Hughey, Daniel thought.
“I second that. How’s it the Hughes stay thirty years, we’re here only a few months.”
“We get to spend our time diving in muddy canals, climbing in grimy pump stations and chasing a couple of stupid Americans around,” Karson said. “I can’t imagine staying thirty years. I’m ready to go as soon as I take care of that guy with the pipe.”
“We’re only supposed to get them out of the way, not,” Jenson paused. “Nothing more!”
“Yeah, I know,” he said. “Tell that to my banged up knee and my broken finger. Why don't we just take over this place and be done with it?”
Jenson was not sure why they hadn't. With all the trips and all the resources spent to just observe, they could have taken over. Another leader maybe would have.
“All nineteen ships are returning right,” Jenson said.
“Of course. They all go back—always,” he answered. “Except the crash in ‘67 of course.”
 “What about New Mexico,” Jenson said. “Seems like we lose one about every twenty years. We’re due.”
Daniel and Nadine listened intently from under the aircraft. What happened in ’67? What happened in New Mexico? There was an occasional clunk or shuffle from above, but they seemed to be safe underneath.
“Which ship is Sunan going in?” Karson asked.
Who’s Sunan? Daniel wondered.
“I don’t know. None if he can help it,” Jenson chuckled.
“Another annoying task. He deserts, and we have to fetch him and bring him back, Karson said. “ And we’ve got to be nice to him since he’s still one of us.”
“His father’s a hero. He got rid of the wreckage in ‘67, got everybody out, and nobody here had a clue.”
“Yeah, it worked well except for the fuel pod, which brings us to today. Couldn’t they find another dam or something to bury it in? The Colorado could use another dam,” he said. “What’s the matter?”
“You left the perimeter scanner on.” Jenson spoke quietly. “Look!”
“So? I tested it first thing,” Karson said. “Oh!” They stopped talking.
Two feet appeared on the stairs. Jenson walked down the stairs and toward the front of the aircraft.
“He’s walking around the plane,” Nadine whispered.
“As long as he doesn’t look under,” Daniel whispered into her ear. 
“Should we…?” They looked back to where they crawled from. From where they sat under the aircraft, to the door, was a muddy wet trail. It was sure to give them away. 
Jenson was already on the other side of the plane, behind the Crown Vic. He surely had a view of the door that Daniel and Nadine came in through. It was too late to go out the way they came in.
Daniel took a deep breath. It quickly became obvious that they should’ve gone back out the door instead of under the aircraft. The look of dread in Nadine’s face was brief. She quickly regained her air of determination and began scoping around. There was no way out, but she kept looking. 
Jenson walked around the Crown Vic toward the door. He couldn’t he miss the muddy footprints by the door. He stopped and turned toward the aircraft. He was doing something on the side of the aircraft, about twenty feet from the door. Daniel couldn’t see what he was doing.
“Can we make it to the door?” Daniel whispered, desperate for ideas.
A large panel on the underside of the aircraft dropped open swiftly. It was hinged like the jaw of a ventriloquist’s doll. There were steps on the inside face of the panel. As the panel opened wider, two feet became visible on the upper steps.
They shifted to their hands and knees and turned toward the door, but it was too late. Jenson was standing in front of their escape route.
They scampered to the opposite side of the aircraft by the stairs Jenson came down earlier. Daniel took the first two steps up the wobbly stairs. He looked through the open door, but there was just open space—a walkway maybe? On the inside of the door frame, above the opening, Arelie II was spelled out in black letters. Daniel changed his mind, turned around, and hopped down to the floor, taking care to land only on his right foot. 
There was another door on this side of the barn. The door was shut.
Nadine opened the door. The light from the barn, streamed through the open door onto a utility sink. It was a washroom—a dead end.
 A small square room bumped out from the left front corner of the barn. They zigzagged around the bump-out and around the nose of the aircraft. 
The barrage of rain on the metal roof, along with the frequent rumble of thunder, masked the sound of their footsteps, but there was no visual cover, other than the car. 
They reached the car and crouched down behind it. Were the keys in it? The left rear tire was flat, but that wouldn’t stop them.
The overhead door was less than six feet from them. Daniel walked in a crouch to the door and pulled up on the door handle. Nothing. The door wasn’t going anywhere. 
Unless the keys were in the car, they were dead ducks.
Daniel waved for Nadine go around the right side. He would go around the left side. They would hop in the car. If the keys were in it, they would start it up and run somebody over. If not? 
“Ready?” he said, whispering.
She nodded.
It was time to make their move. 
A faint whistle followed by a high-pitched ping noise startled Daniel. The whistle zipped by him. The ping noise came from the wall behind. 
They looked back. A two-foot diameter section of the metal wall behind the car turned fire-red for a few seconds. Heat radiated from the red spot. The glow faded, exposing a warped and melted section of wall. Part of the panel had melted through, leaving a small irregular hole in the metal siding.
“Karson, what are you doing with that?” Jenson said.
“I’m not wasting my time with stun guns anymore.” He looked back toward the car. “You’re trapped. Stand-up before I put you out of your misery.”
They froze in their crouch positions, holding the rear car bumper for balance.
“This will take your head clean off, right Jenson?” Karson waved his weapon in the air and limped toward the car. “You won’t even bleed much. The high energy and heat cauterizes the wound—makes clean-up easier.” He pointed toward the small hole in the metal wall sheathing. “That was on the low setting.” 
The weapon looked like a small glue gun, without the glue stick protruding out the back. Maybe it was a laser, but it seemed to shoot a projectile—a red hot projectile—like a marble of fire or energy.
“Karson! We’re not supposed to be using that.”
“Then why do we have it? I’m tired of playing with toys.” He was positioned even with the back of the car. Nadine and Daniel slowly stood up.
Karson waved his energy gun, motioning for Nadine to back up. 
She did. 
He now had a clear line of sight to Daniel. “I thought another demonstration might be in order.” He pointed his gun at Daniel’s legs. “Maybe a little shot in the knee, huh? Tit-for-tat as you say here?”
Jenson stood at the front of the car. There was fear in his eyes. Daniel sensed that Jenson was not afraid for himself, but for what Karson was about to do.
“Karson!” Jenson yelled again.
Karson raised his weapon, and brought it back down to his side without a word.
“Who are you? What do you want with us?” Nadine said. “Where’s Yanus?”
“Yanus? Oh, you mean Sunan,” Karson said. “Sunan, or Yanus as you call him, is one of us. We’re taking him home.”
“Sunan?” she said.
“What are you some kind’ve Russian or Ukrainian mafia or something?” Daniel asked.
“Ukrainian mafia. Now that’s funny.”
“Let’s lock them up and move-on, yes?” Jenson said.
Lock them up sounded better than the alternative, Daniel thought—better to be locked-up, than dead. 
Karson and Jenson ushered Nadine and Daniel to the washroom door on the other wall. The door opened inward. It was ajar the way Nadine left it. Jenson kicked open the door. Karson shoved Daniel, then Nadine, into the room. Jenson pulled the door shut. The deadbolt clicked. 



Chapter 26

“Got ‘em,” Karson said as he walked down the stairs to the basement.
“Got who?” George Hughes sat at a control panel punching away at a small keyboard. He didn’t bother to look up.
“Hartwick and Russo. They’re locked in the bathroom, in the barn.” 
“Good place for them. How did you get them?” Hughes finally looked up at Karson and Jenson.
“They broke into the barn while we were getting the ship ready,” Jenson said.
“You didn’t find them, they found you,” George said. “They broke in? How’d they break in?”
“Well the door was unlocked ‘cause we were in there working.”
“Careless!” Hughes said, shaking his head. “Got to keep it locked at all times. Did you lock it on your way out?”
“Definitely,” Jenson said.
“Emily,” George Hughes yelled up the stairs.
No one answered.
“Emily,” he repeated.
“Yes George,” she appeared at the top of the stairs.
“Double check the barn to make sure it’s all locked up?”
“It’s pouring rain out there,” she protested.
“Just makes sure it’s secure,” he said. “Oh, and we have a couple of guests locked in the bathroom there, so stay away from the bathroom.”
Karson scowled at George Hughes. He said he locked it.
She disappeared from the doorway.
“I’m afraid I have more unpleasant work for you tonight.” Hughes held up his finger to signal for a moment, while he typed on the keyboard.
They waited for Hughes to finish typing.
“The bartender that works at Uncle Sallies? You need to get her as soon as her shift is done.” The multitasking Hughes typed some more information into the control panel. “Not before. I don’t want anyone to know she’s missing until tomorrow.”
“And you can’t bring her here. Not yet anyway. Nobody else can know you’re doing this. Not Emily, and especially not Kalo.”
“Use that storage trunk you used to get Sunan. Just leave her locked in the trunk of the Ford, ‘til we can dispose of her cleanly.”
Subtle, but clear, Karson thought. “O.K.”
They walked up the stairs to the kitchen.
As Karson reached the top step, Emily Hughes was leaving through the back door. She flipped the hood of her hooded raincoat over her head.
“We’re supposed to be explorers and observers,” Jenson said. “Not kidnappers and hit men. How did we get stuck with this pathetic assignment?”

Daniel groped for a light switch. The room was pitch black. They began patting down the walls.
“Got it,” Nadine flipped the switch. 
Their makeshift cell was a combination washroom and bathroom. It was about six feet deep by eight feet long. The room had a large utility sink along the back wall on the left, across from the door, and a toilet on the right end of the wall. The walls were unfinished, unpainted sheetrock. 
Daniel shook the door and the door knob. “Since when do bathrooms lock from the outside?”
“Since when do barns have metal walls, sheetrock, and bathrooms? Since when does any of this make any sense?” She sat on the floor with her back against the front wall.
Daniel slid his back down the wall and sat between her and the door.
“What do you think they’ll do with us? Is this the end of the line?” she looked at Daniel.
“You don’t believe that. No way! Not without a fight anyway.”
“So much for positive scripting,” she said.
“I wasn’t much help in that respect.”
“I talk a good game, but my mind doesn’t always go along,” she said.
“Let’s think about this,” Daniel said.
“There’s always a way, right? We just need to find it,” she said.
“What have we got?” he started. “They sabotaged the Harrison Pump Station. I’m guessing to send Mississippi River water gushing into the canal. They sabotaged the protection walls in front of the south pump station. If those walls fail, canal water would pour into La Salle.” 
“What would that achieve?” he continued. “The stored water in the canal spreads out over half the town. I bet you’d only get a half-a-foot of water?”
“It depends where,” she answered. “The east end is a lot lower than the west end. Irrigation water all flows west to east from those sluice gates on the west end. The water would pond along Pearl or Elm on the east end.”
“We’re closer to the east end aren’t we?”
“Yeah, there’d be a lotta wet basements around here,” she said, “if they have them that is. If the control gates between the reservoir and the canal were breeched,” she shook her head, “now there’s a lot of water stored in there.”
“How much?”
“You think I got that memorized?” she said. “I bet the low spots could see three, four, five feet of water.”
“That would do some damage. It still doesn’t explain why.”
“Insurance maybe? A vendetta against somebody?”
“Maybe somebody on the high end of town doesn’t like somebody on the low end of town,” Daniel said.
“This place would certainly get some flooding. Why would they flood their own place,” Nadine said.
“The first floor of that house is a foot or two above the ground, maybe that’s high enough.”
“Maybe. The pump stations would be inundated. That smelly, radioactive, vault might even float away if the water got high enough,” she said.
“It’ll be demolished eventually anyway.”
“It’s amazing what a little water and a little buoyancy can do,” she said.
“Brings me back to my concrete canoe days in college,” he said. “What about environmental groups. Maybe some group wants this town gone. You know, to restore the area to its natural state without all the levees and pump stations?”
“They didn’t sound like environmentalists,” Nadine said. “You know, with all that ‘I’ll blow your head off’ stuff.”
Daniel nodded in agreement.
“What about that plane?”
“Yeah, with that space age, chameleon skin, it looks like some kind’ve spy plane,” Daniel said. “I wonder if it floats.”
She shrugged her shoulders.
“They had the word ‘are-lee’ above the door to the cockpit.”
“Are-lee?”
“Yes, A-R-E-L-I-E,” he spelled it out.
“Maybe its ‘a-rel-e’,” she said.
“What language is that? Any idea?”
“No,” she answered. “All I know is some French. It’s probably just a name. You know, like we give names to ships and planes?”
“Like Enola Gay?”
“Let’s hope not.”
Daniel was running out of ideas. Nothing seemed to add up to anything. Where’s the logic. Spock, from Star Trek, would figure this out.
Nadine appeared to run out of ideas also.
The only noise came from the muffled rain, and an occasional rumble from the thunder. They sat quietly through four or five rumbles of thunder.
Daniel’s thought drifted randomly, sometimes to the mundane. What if they just left them there for days? What if the light bulb burns out? What if he has to go to the bathroom? His thoughts always came back to ‘how do we get out of here?’
“How can someone just give up like that—after eighteen years?” Nadine said, interrupting Daniels trivial internal deliberation. She was obviously referring to her husband.
Daniel was reminded of all that Nadine was dealing with—in addition to being locked up with him in a barn
She looked straight ahead at the wall between the utility sink and the toilet. “I know it’s probably a lost cause. Maybe it’s been coming for a while, but…”
Men are dumb sometimes. To let her get away, now that’s dumb, he concluded.
“He dumped me with a Dear Jane letter—after eighteen years. What kind’ve garbage is that? I deserve better than that.” A tear trickled down her cheek.
“Absolutely!” He nodded.
“To be just tossed aside like that.” She flipped her wrist as though shooing away a fly. “I can’t even describe what that feels like.”
He couldn’t imagine. 
Daniel had disappointments. He thought it was a given, that he and Caroline would get married. She didn’t. That was almost ten years ago. 
He thought the relationships he had developed with his co-workers and supervisors, during his years at Ironwood Flats, would bring some support for him after the accident. It didn’t. It was no comparison to what Nadine had to deal with.
“He’s had a day to sleep on it. He probably wishes he could take that note back,” Daniel offered.
“No going back.” She took a deep breath. “It’s done!”
Words escaped him. He lightly placed his hand on her shoulder.
“And I was good, I was a catch.” She wiped a couple more drops from her cheek with her hand.
“Still are,” he said.
A hint of a smile escaped. She tried to dry her cheek with her damp sleeve.
The thunder continued its frequent, almost rhythmic rumble. The rumbles seemed to come in pairs.
“So, how old’s your daughter? Karen, right?”
“Almost eighteen. I was less than a year out of college when I had her,” she said. “And yes, I’m forty, in case you were doing the math.”
“Can’t help it—occupational hazard,” he said.
“She’s going to Columbia University in the fall.”
“Ah, back to the big city. Is she excited? Are you?”
“She is. I’m nervous.”
“No doubt she has your New York City instincts.”
“I hope.”
“And your son?”
“Kyle. Sixteen,” she said. “He umm…he’s…his father’s son.”
OK. Daniel wasn’t sure what that meant, but he thought, maybe, he should drop that subject.
The muffled patter of rain and the rumble of thunder persisted. 
 “They’ll probably be moving us. I assume this is a temporary spot for us,” he said. 
“If we get a chance to run for it, we should run in opposite directions—no looking back,” Daniel continued.
“Before you didn’t want to separate, now you do,” she said. “I’d just as soon not.”
“If we separate, chances are better that at least one of us will get away and can get help. I’ll just hold you back anyway.”
“I doubt that.”
Daniel scanned the small room once again. The brownish stain in the ceiling sheetrock, just behind the toilet, caught his eye. “This building is just one big rectangle, isn’t it?”
“Yes?”
“Then where is this room, with respect to the rest of the barn?” he asked.
“It must be a little bump-out or something.”
Daniel pointed to the spot on the ceiling. “The roof leaks! These walls may all be outside walls. The roof could be right there,” he said pointing to the ceiling.
“Think we could bust through?” she asked. 
“What do you think’s on the other side of this sheetrock? Maybe just that wood siding?”
She shrugged. “Just the outside walls I guess. You think they’re still out there?” she said, pointing toward the wall between them and the inside of the barn.
“I’m thinking, hoping, they’re done, and maybe left the barn.”
She nodded. Nadine started tapping the wall between the sink and the toilet. She took her car keys and scratched a vertical line down the wall. 
Daniel took a seat on the closed toilet bowl lid. He ran his hands around the tank lid, the plumbing to the toilet and the plumbing to the sink, looking for something to use to break through or cut the sheetrock.
She continued tapping, and then scratched another vertical line down the wall, two feet to the left. The studs.
She stepped back a couple of steps. With the next rumble of thunder, she charged with a karate style kick to the wall. The sheetrock caved. The rumble of thunder masked the crunch of the sheetrock and a subtle grunt.
Daniel jerked his head and shoulders back. He stood up and backed away from her kick zone.
She followed with another kick, knocking a one-by-one foot hole in the sheetrock. She continued to kick the wall, one kick and one grunt after another. She no longer waited for thunder to cover the thud of the impact.
Whose face was she picturing on that wall? It could be any one of three people. The hole grew to almost four feet high and two feet wide, from stud to stud.
Just beyond the wood studs were light blue, polystyrene foam insulating panels, commonly referred to as Styrofoam. Taking a clue from Nadine, Daniel took his house key and scored the foam panel. He continued to score and saw, at the same spot, until he broke through the panel. 
Jamming his fingers through the hole, he grabbed the panel and pulled until it snapped inward. Underneath was a layer of tar paper waterproofing. He pulled the foam panels off and ripped the tar paper to expose the rustic pine siding. The siding was damp from the rain. Water dripped through cracks in the siding.
“Thank god for cheap construction,” he said. “Can you kick through that?” he pointed to the back of the siding.
“One way to find out.” She stepped back a couple of steps.
“You take a break, let me kick for a while,” he said. “Besides, I’m feeling a little emasculated since you single handedly broke through the sheetrock.”
Daniel kicked a few times with his right foot. The result was nothing but noise, and a twinge or two from his sprained left ankle. The third kick was the hardest, twisting his supporting left ankle a little too far. The sharp twinge shot up his leg. He tried to hide his grimace.
“Let’s alternate,” she said.
He stepped back. She kicked a few with her left, then a few with her right. The boards were staring to give. They were going to break through!
“I’d be shocked of they couldn’t here this banging, even with the storm. My turn.” 
She backed away.
On his third kick, the board splintered and his right foot went through to the outside. “Eureka!”
Balancing on his left leg, he tried to pull his right foot back through the small hole. It was stuck. The fractured board flexed outward. The splintered end of the board pressed tight against his ankle. When he tried to pull his foot back the splintered ends only pressed tighter against his ankle.
“I’m stuck. Can you push that board outward past my foot to free me up?”
She reached in and pushed but didn’t have enough leverage to move it.
“Try kicking it.”
“Yeah, then we’ll both be stuck.”
“Those two goons would get a good laugh if they found us like this—right before they blew our heads off, of course.”
Nadine took the toilet tank cover. “Push your leg outward a little to wedge it open some more.” She started slamming the board with the end of the tank cover, harder and harder.
She stepped back a couple of feet. With a faint grunt, she slammed the porcelain cover through the siding. A two-foot chunk of siding broke off and fell to the ground. 
The tank cover followed. Momentum carried her left arm through the hole where she dropped the cover on the ground.
The doorknob rattled behind them. They both turned their heads. An older woman stood in the open doorway of the bathroom.
They stared at the woman, then at each other, and then back to the woman. A clap of thunder shook the room.
“At the market,” Nadine said.
Something in the woman’s eyes seemed to acknowledge Nadine’s recognition.
This would be a perfect time to rush the woman and force their way out of there, Daniel realized. With one foot, and one arm, dangling through the hole in the wall, they were in no position to do much of anything but stare.
The woman calmly turned, closed the door, and latched the deadbolt. 
“Crap. We got a minute, maybe seconds,” he said.
He pulled his foot through the widened opening.
They feverishly began kicking the siding—alternating Daniel with his right and Nadine with her left—splintering a larger and larger hole.
“I can make that,” she said looking at the enlarged hole.
“Here, take the keys. Run ahead and don’t look back. Get the car started and pick me up. I’ll be right behind you.”
“Got it!” She started working her way into the narrow gap.
“And when we get in the car, let’s just drive out-of-here.”
“Amen,” she said. She was almost through.
 “Drive to the airport. Drive to Kansas City. I don’t care. I’ll fly home from there.”
She slipped through sideways. The fractured wood spines tugged on her clothes, but not enough to tear them or slow her down. Once outside, she turned to help Daniel. “Can you fit through?”
“I can make it.” He waved her off. “Go!”
She hesitated.
“Go!”
She turned and ran.
“I’ll be right behind you.” He forced his way through. The wood spikes caught Daniel on the shoulder blade, ripping his shirt and scratching his back.
He made it!
After about ten strides, he turned his head and looked back to see if anyone was following them. Daniels’s head and shoulders turned back, but his feet continued forward, sliding out from under him. He landed flat on his back in the mud, between two rows of new seedlings.
“Damn!” He sat up and looked back. Good! No one was behind him. He got up and continued his wobbly sprint to the car. 
Nadine glided swiftly toward the street, unaffected by the mud or rain. 
Daniel ankle gave way and he slipped again. He toppled head first into the mud.
He carried pounds and pounds of mud pasted onto his clothes. The brown gunk was embedded into the weave of his cotton pants and layered on, like stucco, almost everywhere else.
Nadine trotted across the road toward the Taurus. 
Daniel looked up in horror from the muddy trough. Two men rose from behind the car and surrounded Nadine.
“Dan...,” she yelled before being muffled by a large hand. He couldn’t make out the rest of her words, but he didn’t need to. He saw it all. One of the men stretched a cloth across her mouth and tied it around the back of her head.
Daniel was more than fifty yards away. He sprang to his feet and ran. His throbbing ankle didn’t matter anymore. 
They taped her wrists behind her back. Then they taped her ankles.
She wiggled and struggled. 
They threw a sack over her head.
One of them slid his hand into her pant pocket and pulled the white inside liner of her pocket, inside out. He grabbed the car keys, and let everything else in the pocket drop to the wet ground. 
The other man popped the trunk open. They rolled her over the back edge of the trunk, dropped her in, and slammed the lid shut.
They never looked up to acknowledge Daniel, charging toward them.
He was getting close. They were the same two men Nadine and Daniel encountered at the pump station.
The man called Jenson ran down the street toward an old white pickup. The one called Karson jumped in the Taurus and drove off, spinning the front wheels on the wet pavement.
Daniel reached the spot where Taurus used to be, seconds after they left. The white pickup took off, right behind the Taurus. 
They’re supposed to catch the slow one. He sent Nadine right into an ambush, while he lagged behind. 
Daniel stood where the car once was, covered with mud. He stared down the empty street.



Chapter 27

Emily Hughes sat in her kitchen nursing her coffee. She had work to do, but needed to sit and think it through.
Her agenda had suddenly changed.
She overheard George, directing Karson and Jenson to go after the barmaid. It was clear to Emily that they weren’t going to just lock her up for safe keeping, like the others. 
She couldn’t let that happen. She was sure the barmaid carried her granddaughter. That was probably why George became obsessed with her. 
Karson and Jenson have already gone back out—to do some other nasty chore for George, no doubt.
It was foolish to tell George about the baby. Big mistake. What was I thinking, she thought. So what if she was American. So what if she wasn’t one of us. Nobody cares!
Except George.
He is also obsessed with this mission, at the expense of all normal boundaries of decency—locking up Sunan—one of your own.
Emily could see the fear, and desperation, in the eyes of the two locked in the barn bathroom. She felt for them too.
After thirty years in the U.S., she felt as much American as anything else. Even though she wasn’t and never would be.
Her agenda had definitely changed. Maybe it didn’t change as suddenly as she’d like to believe, but she knew what she had to do. It was obvious to her now.



Chapter 28

Daniel looked down at the scraps left behind. A couple of twenty-dollar bills, some change, a room key, and a tube of lip balm remain. 
Daniel and Nadine escaped the first two attacks—at the pump station and the barn. Then they walked, no ran, right into an ambush. Strike three, you’re out. 
He felt like he sent her, even pushed her, right into their clutches. You go ahead, he insisted. 
Daniel picked up the twenties and the room key. Her lip balm was in a puddle, covered with brown water. He didn’t think she’d want it back.
Thunder faded away in the distance, but the rain continued. He thought the rain might help rinse off some of the mud as he walked back toward Pearl Street. It only seemed to soak it in more.
He was heavy with mud, sweat, and a sense of failure. He’d failed Nadine, and Yanus. He’d failed in a crisis at Ironwood Flats, and did it again at La Salle. Only now, lives were at stake. It was just money at Ironwood Flats. 
Divide and conquer was an effective strategy for their foes, unfortunately for Nadine. As a team, Nadine and Daniel managed to escape capture and learn a few things along the way. Separate, they were vulnerable.
In the time it will take to walk back to town, they could easily drop Nadine off somewhere and come back for him, two-on-one.
He needed help. A charged cell phone would help. He started to jog. He rocked from side to side as he ran, trying to keep his ankle from folding under him. With every step, he left a muddy footprint and splatters of mud on the pavement. 
His first stop would be the police station. Since this was a clear kidnapping, they would definitely have to call in some heavy hitters. The state police, the FBI? It didn’t matter, just anybody other than some twenty-something kid, who was more interested in getting laid, than being a deputy.

The footsteps on the stairs were enough to wake Yanus from a nap. It was too early. He had planned to rush them when they came in with his dinner of bread and water, but he wasn’t ready. He was out of position.
He pulled himself up as quickly as he could, but they were faster. 
They had replaced the nails with latches or deadbolts earlier in the day. Three clicks signaled Yanus they had unlocked the door and were coming in.
The door opened. They shoved another person, another captive, directly at Yanus, forcing him to back off to the side. The new prisoner was slight, in black jeans, and sporting a potato sack over their head. The door slammed shut and clicked two more times. 
Yanus knew immediately who his new cellmate was. She staggered off-balance from the push through the doorway. He moved in to catch her, grabbing her waist to keep her from falling.
She twisted away from him, clockwise, then counterclockwise, until he released.
“Whoa! Nadine! It’s me, Yanus.” 
From under the sack came an unrecognizable noise.
Yanus untied the sack and pulled it off her head. He untied a rag that was tight across her mouth, and tied behind her head. 
“Yuk,” she said. 
He ripped the duct tape off her wrists. There were remnants of duct tape around her ankles, but most of it was torn off.
He held out his arms. She raised her index finger and walked over to the corner of the room. She spit twice in the corner. “God, that’s awful.” She kicked the wall. It didn’t budge.
“I wish I could say I’m happy to see you,” he said.
She kicked the wall again.
Yanus pictured the wall collapsing from the force of her kick. It didn’t.
“It’s good to see you’re still alive.” She started pacing. “We’ve been looking all over for you.”
“Sorry you found me.” 
“You know what happening here, don’t you?” she wasn’t wasting time on chitchat.
“I little. Where’s Daniel?” He sat on the mattress. He knew it was probably time to fess up.
“He got away.” She looped around Yanus and the mattress. “They ambushed me at the car on Hawthorn.”
“He’s out there looking for us?”
“If he’s smart he’s on a plane back to Phoenix,” she said. “But yes, he’s out there working on it, somewhere. I’m sure of it.”
“Does he know where we are?”
“If we’re where I think we are, than, yes.” She stopped pacing and sat on the mattress. She looked Yanus straight in the eye. “I need some answers. Why are we in this mess?”
“It’s a little complicated,” Yanus said, as though that answer would suffice.
“Fine,” she said sharply. “I’ll tell you what. I’ll tell you about the wonderful time we have been having here since about six p.m. last night. When I’m done? You talk. OK?”
“I’m sorry you got involved like this,” he put his hand on her left shoulder. 
She twitched her shoulder and ignored the gesture.
He didn’t blame her. He kept important things from them. 
He was planning to provide Daniel a contact to go to for help, if something happened. He was abducted before he could. He should’ve just told them both in the car, but wanted to keep the circle of people involved to a minimum. That strategy obviously backfired.
It was nearly six o’clock. Nadine recounted events of the last twenty-four hours.
Yanus felt worse with every sentence. He became more and more certain they would not let Daniel roam free much longer.
“Oh, and Tony’s leaving me. He snuck a love note in my pocketbook. I can’t reach anybody at home. I don’t know what to do. I…”
“Wow. I’m so sorry.”
“And here I am,” she said, spreading her arms. “Your turn.” 
Yanus thought about his words carefully. He had a story to tell. He needed to tell the truth, but maybe some details could be left out or changed to protect the innocent, as they would say on one of his favorite TV shows, Dragnet. 
His father brought back TV show recordings from when he visited the U.S. in the sixties. His father recorded television long before recording technology reached the average American household. He was also in Louisiana, forty years ago when this problem started.
“Waiting!”
“OK, you’re going to think I’m crazy,” he said.
“Try me.” Her determined eyes waited for enlightenment. 
Yanus began.
Nadine stood and listened without speaking a word. 

Daniel continued his jog down Pearl Street toward the Sheriff’s office, wearing his ripped mud suit. Most people stayed out of the rain. Those walking around had umbrellas or rushed between the shelter of their car and store awnings. He was unfazed by their curious stares.
He trotted into the Sheriff’s office. He looked back at the trail of mud he left behind. The mud traced his movements like a trail of bread crumbs. “I’m really sorry about this.”
There was no receptionist on duty.
“I know I’m a mess, but I need to sit,” he said huffing and puffing.
“Sit anywhere,” the deputy said. The Deputy looked him over from head to toe. “Do you want a towel or to use the restroom or something?”
“A towel maybe.”
The deputy handed Daniel a paper-thin towel with a fall leaf pattern on it.
When Daniel finished wiping his hands and face, there was very little of the pattern still visible.
“We were in here earlier today. Did the Sheriff fill you in?”
“He did.”
“Well, here’s part two.” His breathing remained heavy but not as labored. He recounted the details, of their visit to the barn on Pitre Lane, to Deputy Northrup.
“Why would you think your colleague is there?” he asked.
“The baseball card,” he answered. “I know it’s a little thin, but it was all we had to go on. And the two men in the barn are the same two at the pump station, and the same two who kidnapped Nadine. You need to raid that house. We’ve lost too much time already.” 
“I need to get the State Police involved in this.”
“We need to go now,” Daniel took a deep breath, “before they hide someplace else, or panic and kill somebody. They know, that we know, where they are.”
“They’ve probably moved already, but I’ll need a warrant.” He picked up the phone and dialed. “Sheriff, this is Deputy Northrup. We’ve got an escalating problem here.” He summarized the situation for the sheriff. “Will you arrange for some back-up and a search warrant?” He paused. “And call me when it’s ready.”
“We need to go in now. How long will this take?” Daniel asked.
“I don’t know, not long. But you need to stay out of the way,” he said pointing at Daniel. “Go to your hotel room, lock the door, clean up, and I’ll call you when we know something.”



Chapter 29 

Daniel did not feel reassured by the Deputy. He expected a leap into action. Go to your room and wait, was the deputy’s advice. 
A warrant may be too little too late, Daniel thought.
He did need to clean up. He needed to come up with a plan.
On his way back to the hotel, he stopped by the local outfitters store, two doors down from Uncle Sallie’s. He picked up a new pair of jeans, a flannel shirt, boxer shorts, a hunting knife, and a John Deer hat.
The La Salle Inn lobby was quiet. Julie was back at the front desk, looking down at some paperwork. Daniel went straight upstairs to the room.
Room 215 looked normal. The room was dark, with the curtains closed. He figured it had been searched, but he couldn’t tell. The rolling suitcase lay open on the bed, along side a crumpled bath towel and Nadine’s running clothes. Her cosmetics case in the bathroom was also open.
He made an effort not to look inside any of it. It was an eerie feeling to be in Nadine’s hotel room after she had just been kidnapped. He felt like he violated her privacy by going in there, but he needed a safe place to clean-up and change.
He was sure they would be looking for him next. He didn’t dare return to his room. Since they already had Nadine, her room would likely be safe.
He wanted to peek out the curtains to look at the window to his room, but couldn’t risk giving away his hiding place.
Daniel stuffed his muddy clothes in a pillowcase and shoved it under the bed. He took a quick rinse in the shower and donned his new clothes.
“Damn, I forgot socks.” Daniel retrieved the pillowcase and fished out his damp socks. The deep navy color masked the brown mud stains.
He rinsed his socks out in the sink and wrung out most of the water. His damp cotton socks fought hard, but Daniel pulled them on, inch at a time.
Next step? Find help. 
The district director? Maybe. If they were monitoring the hotel, they might know if calls were made from Nadine’s room. He could go to the director’s office, but she’s not there half the time. Are there any pay phones around anymore?
“What about Larry.” He said aloud. I bet Larry Johansson knows more than he told us. His house is an easy walk from here and he’s probably home. But what if he is in cahoots with them?
“OK, tone down the paranoia,” he said to himself. “Larry Johansson it is.” 



Chapter 30 

Daniel left through the back door by the pool. A row of hedges separated the Inn parking lot from the homes on Elm.
He cut through the hedge and in between two houses to get to Elm Street, then walked down to Larry Johansson’s house.
Daniel’s knock on the door was greeted with the same barking, footsteps and clicking of toenails as earlier in the day.
Larry Johansson opened the door. Napoleon stood on all fours next to him, wagging his tail, as if it was just another happy day. 
“Mr. Johansson? Sorry to bother you again, but I need your help.”
“I told you everything I know earlier today.”
“The situation has changed since then,” Daniel said. “Please, this could truly be a matter of life or death.”
“Who’s?” Larry Johansson asked. He let Daniel in and they stayed in the foyer. 
Daniel told Larry about the barn on Pitre Lane and the kidnapping of Nadine.
“You mean that lady here earlier? The one running along the canal?”
Daniel nodded.
“Damm. And you reported all of this to the police?”
“The deputy took down the report and called the sheriff to try to get a search warrant for the house,” Daniel said. “He doesn’t seem too swift. I’m afraid by the time they get a warrant it will be too late or they’ll have moved them.”
“It may be already, but what makes you think I can help?”
“I thought maybe you might know something else, since you walk around here a lot with your dog.” Daniel was hesitant to say he thought Larry might be holding something back. He did anyway. “Maybe there’s something you forgot to tell us earlier.”
“Hey, I had nothing to do with that shit you were talking ‘bout earlier,” he said. “All I did was some graffiti and minor stuff for the union rep. You know, to help them leverage their negotiations. Nothing I did would cause a collapse, as you said earlier. It’d just make some extra work for ‘em, that’s all.”
“What did this union rep look like? Did he live around here, like on Pitre?”
“Ken, no, now wait a minute, where on Pitre was this?”
“It’s that huge barn on the corner of Pitre and Elm.”
“You mean the Hughes place? It couldn’t be the Hughes place.”
“Yes! That’s it! I heard one of the men mention the name Hughes, while we were inside the barn.”
Larry Johansson rubbed his bristly chin. “This warrant may not be coming for a while.”
“Yeah, that’s what I’m worried about.”
“This was Deputy Northrup, right? You heard the deputy call the sheriff?”
“Sure.”
“How do you know he actually called the sheriff and not somebody else? Did you talk to the sheriff?”
“No, I didn’t talk to him. What are you saying?”
“Jeremy Northrup seems like a good honest kid, but…”
“But?”
“He’s the Hughes son—their adopted son. I guess they didn’t bother to change his last name when they adopted him.”
Daniel leaned back, misjudging the distance to the closed front door. He fell back, landing with a thud against the door. “Crap, I’m wasting time. I gotta go.” He pointed with his thumb. “Can you call the State Police?”
“I’ll call them alright,” Larry agreed. “But they’re nowhere near here. They could take a while.”
“The sooner the better, then,” Daniel inched toward the front door.
“What’re you going to do, just knock on the door and ask if they’ve kidnapped anybody lately?”
“I’ll think of something” Daniel pulled out the folding hunting knife he just bought, flipped the blade open, looked it over, and pushed the blade closed for storage in his front pocket.
“Wait,” Larry raised his hand and walked around the corner, out-of-sight.
He came back after a half-a-minute, with a small handgun. 
“Whoa, wait a minute.” Daniel raised his hands defensively.
“Take this with you, just in case.” Larry examined the worn wooden grip. Daniel was speechless. This strange old man, he just met a few hours earlier, was offering Daniel a pistol. Daniel was anxious to think that he might need it.
“This one’s not registered.” He pulled back the bluish black metal slide to expose the barrel—then slid it back into place. “Dump it if you have to fire it or if the cops come around.”
“Yikes. Is that what you call a “Saturday night special?”
“I got legal ones. I should’ve got rid of this a long time ago, anyway.”
“So you’re giving it to me?” Daniel took a closer look at the metal housing. The shape of a bird—an Eagle or a Hawk—was stamped on the side. 
“You might need it.”
“I’m not a gun person,” Daniel said. “I don’t know how to use that,” He pointed to the gun without touching it.
“Do you now how to use that knife?”
He shook his head, no. What was he getting into now?
“Just point and shoot. It’s empty, try it.” Larry casually handed the butt of the pistol to Daniel.
Daniel looked it over. He gripped the handle with his right hand and held his right wrist with his left. He pointed it down the hallway and pulled the trigger. Click! “You wouldn’t want to back me up on this, would you?”
“No way, you’re asking for trouble.” Larry took back the pistol, loaded the magazine into the handle, and handed it butt-first back to Daniel. “You got six shots.”
“They started this. I gotta go after them.”
 “Either they’re not involved and you’ll be busting into an innocent old couple’s home, or they are involved and probably ready for you,” he said. “Either way, you won’t be welcome. Most folks are pretty well armed around here.”
“Thanks, I think,” Daniel said. He was still examining the unfamiliar piece of hardware. He turned again to go out, and then turned back to Larry. “Maybe you can help in another way. I need something checked out. It’s nowhere near the Hughes place.”
Daniel gave him instructions and left. 

Daniel Hartwick’s story was bizarre, but who would make that up?
Larry knew exactly where Daniel wanted him to go. He’d been there with Napoleon on some of their longer walks. He would go without Napoleon and drive this time.
Within minutes of Daniel Hartwick leaving, Larry Johansson went back to his small, kid’s size desk around the corner, and picked up a second handgun, just in case. 
There was no bird on this pistol. A squared-off G and Glock 19, was stamped on the side. 
He loaded a magazine into the grip and left the house through the back door, to his ten-year-old Corolla. 



Chapter 31 

The mission supervisor picked up the landline phone. It was George Hughes.
“Everything’s pretty well set. Charges are set. Timers are activated,” George Hughes said. “By tomorrow morning we will be gone, along with our cargo.”
“Pretty well set?” the supervisor asked.
“A few minor details left.”
“What about the engineers?”
“Don’t worry about them,” George said. “And by tomorrow this house will be nothing but a pile of smoldering ruins.”
“Drastic,” the supervisor said.
“But necessary.”
“What’s your sequence?”
“The reservoir-canal connection gates are already open. First, Harrison catches fire. We had to redo the charge at Harrison after that engineer messed it up. Then the walls at the south station go. That will keep everyone panicked and busy. Once the north station embankment blows we’ll be able float and move the vault to get underneath.”
“What about the engineer, Hartwick? He’s still out there,” the supervisor asked.
“He got lucky. He doesn’t know anything. He’s just fumbling around anyway. If he’s dumb enough to go back to the hotel, we’ll get him.”
“Is Emily coming around?”
“She’ll be OK.”

George Hughes hung up the phone. He thought for a few minutes about what was about to come down.
He called Jenson on his cell phone. “Remember this is a cell phone. Where are you?”
“In his room. He hasn’t shown up.”
“Yeah, he probably won’t. Come back. I’m moving things up,” Hughes said. “It’s time.”
“Now?” 
“Yes,” Hughes said. “And I want you to get that bartender the minute you take care of business at the vault.”

Armed and dangerous, that’s what Daniel was. But, dangerous to whom?
He walked fast, close to houses, parked cars, and bushes so he could duck into the shadows whenever a car came by. The sun had set. The cloud cover was a thick charcoal gray. Streetlights kept Pearl Street well lit, but the residential streets remained dark.
He needed to get to the Hughes fast, but he couldn’t do much more running. If carrying an unregistered gun wasn’t enough, his next step could surely land him in the sheriff’s clink—if caught of course.
As he walked, he checked out cars and trucks parked in driveways, or on the street. Four houses down he found what he was looking for. It was a ten or fifteen year old F-150, unlocked, with the keys under the floor matt. He was about to become a car thief.
Daniel hopped in. It was a stick shift. He hadn’t driven a stick in twenty years. Just don’t grind the gears, he told himself.
He didn’t. Smooth as silk—almost. His clutch work was a little jumpy in first gear, but there was no gear grinding. He drove a few hundred feet before turning the lights on. 
He drove the pickup to the corner of Ash and Pitre, behind the white shrubs, where Daniel and Nadine first spied on the Hughes bungalow. “Close enough.”
He crept along the opposite side of the road, across from the Hughes house. The shades and curtains were drawn. There were little slivers of light here and there around the edges of the window shades, and a bar of light coming from the bottom of an upstairs window.
 A light colored pickup pulled up and backed into the Hughes driveway.
Daniel dropped to the wet ground just in time to avoid the flood of light from the headlights.
Two men got out of the pickup and walked briskly around the back of the house. 
He assumed they went in the back door. 
Daniels eyes scanned through the darkness for cover close to the house.
There was a row of a half dozen bushes, maybe Hydrangeas, about ten feet to the right of the driveway. They were spaced about four or five feet apart. Their crowns touched each other, as if they were holding hands, to form a line.
There were also large Azaleas along the foundation of the house, and a shrubby Magnolia tree at each corner. The outside of the house looked quiet.
Daniel ran across the road toward the row of Hydrangeas. Two small animals sprang out from under the bushes, startling him. Rabbits! They scooted away in opposite directions. 
Daniel dropped into a feet-first, baseball slide on the wet grass. He came to a stop between two of the plants. Safe, he motioned with his hands. 
He crouched down behind them, out of sight.
All was quiet except for an occasional rustle of plants from the wind. The rain stopped, except for an occasional drop or two. It was probably just blowing off the trees and bushes.
He stayed in a crouch for a few minutes, and then sat on the ground to rest his knees. The moisture quickly soaked through his jeans. He continued to wait hoping some inspiration for his next move.
Finally, the two men, Jenson and Karson, re-emerged from the back of the house, carrying a metal box. The box looked about one foot high by one foot wide by one-and-a-half feet long. They each held one end with the box hanging between them. 
“I wonder what kind of condition that pod container will be in after forty years,” Jenson said.
“They should’ve just blown it up in that refinery like everything else,” Karson said. “Then we wouldn’t be dealing with any of this.”
“Radiation would’ve been blown all over the place, you know that.”
“So what, the government would’ve just blamed it on the Soviets anyway,” Karson said. 
They hoisted it into the bed of the pick-up. The truck springs settled from the added weight of the box.
“With a name like Boris, they would have thought Boris and Hannibal were Soviet spies or something,” he continued. 
“Maybe,” Jenson said as they walked back around the back of the house.
Daniel wanted to get a look at the metal box. Once they were out of sight, Daniel left his cover and creped, head down, bent at the waist, to the back of the pickup.
Daniel’s head jumped to the clunk of a slamming door—the back door. He didn’t hear that last time. Were they coming or going? 
He backed-up to the side of the truck and listened. The footsteps on the pavement were definitely coming toward him.
Daniel peeked around the rear end of the pick-up truck bed. One of the men reemerged from the back of the house. He had a backpack over one shoulder. Daniel crouched lower. Only the bed of the pick-up truck separated them.
Daniel crept around the tailgate of the truck.
The man, Jenson, opened the cab door. He dropped the backpack off his shoulder.
Daniel took three long strides and jammed the barrel if his pistol into Jenson’s ribcage. 
 “Make a sound and you’re dead,” he whispered. “This may not blow your head off, but it will put a nice hole in your back.”
He grabbed him by his hair. “On the ground, face first.”
Jenson dropped the backpack on the ground and lay down next to it on the edge of the driveway. 
Daniel let go of Jenson’s short hair and grabbed the backpack. He sat on Jenson’s back, trapping him against the ground.
With his free hand, he unzipped the backpack and dumped the contents next to his prisoner.
There were two diving masks, a couple of small air tanks, and the familiar energy gun, that Karson showed-off in the barn.
Daniel immediately took possession the mysterious energy gun with his left hand. “Hmmm, nice little toy you got here.”
“Be careful of, ugh…” Jenson grunted as Daniel shoved his pistol barrel deeper into his side.
Daniel looked around to make sure they were still alone.
“OK, now I’ve got this loud gun with bullets and your pingy sounding space-age energy gun here. If you try anything I’ll probably try your pingy energy gun first, or maybe I’ll just fire both just to make sure I get you,” he continued to whisper. “Now get up and put your hands behind your head. We’re going for a walk.”
Daniel steered Jenson toward the barn. They approached the side door, the one Nadine found unlocked earlier.
“Open the door,” Daniel said.
“It’s locked,” Jenson said.
“Don’t you have a key? Never mind.” He stepped back a few steps, aimed and pressed the trigger of his new space-age weapon.
With a flash and a ping, a shower of sparks and hot metal burst out from the door. The shot shredded a notch out of the door. “Whoa! I gotta try that again.” The power in his hand, from his new gun, was intoxicating.
The door swung open and they entered. Daniel returned the pistol to his pocket to free up his hand. He turned on the lights. 
The airship and the Crown Victoria were parked inside, as they were earlier. There was a new addition. Tucked in front of the Crown Vic was their Taurus rental car.
“How’s that trunk look to you?” He said, then held his finger up to his lips to shush any reply. 
Daniel looked around the inside of the barn. It looked empty except for the two of them. He peeked inside the Crown Victoria, while directing his prisoner with the barrel of his pistol. He moved on to the Taurus and looked inside. “Ahh, that’s what I was looking for.” On the front seat of the Taurus was a roll of duct tape. 
“Grab that will ya?”
Jenson obliged and handed the roll to Daniel.
Daniel waved his pistol moving Jenson to the back of the Taurus. “On the floor,” he ordered. “Raise your hands behind your back.” 
He again sat on Jenson’s back. With one hand, he wound duct tape around his wrists. He then taped his feet together with a half-a-dozen wraps around his ankles.
“Roll over. I can’t forget this one.” He tore off more than a foot of duct tape and placed it across Jenson’s mouth, from one ear to the other.
Daniel looked at his prisoner lying on the floor. His prisoner looked more shocked than angry. 
“Hmm,” Daniel scratched his head. “I should have put you in the trunk before I taped you up. Wriggle over to the trunk. Come on,” he nudged him with a couple of toe kicks.
He reached inside the Taurus and unlatched the trunk. “Climb in.” He pointed the pistol directly at his head. “Do it!” 
Daniel raised the other gun up. With three pings, he fired three shots into the side of the aircraft. 
There was no damage—no impact. “What is that made of?” 
All he saw were three faint shadows where he shot the aircraft. Other than that, there was no damage. 
Jenson frantically squirmed his way up to the lip the trunk. He leaned his torso over the lip. Daniel grabbed Jenson’s taped ankles and hoisted his legs into the trunk.
Daniel slammed the trunk shut and turned off the lights. He peeked out the hole in the damaged door. The coast was clear. He slipped out the door.
He walked around the corner of the barn, to where he and Nadine first arrived in the pouring rain earlier in the day. There, he watched, and waited, for his next opportunity.



Chapter 32 

“These people aren’t bad people,” Yanus continued, “but they will do whatever it takes to…” He stopped. 
A creaking noise interrupted his monologue. It came from outside the door.
Yanus and Nadine snapped their heads in unison toward the door, then toward each other. Someone was coming up the stairs.
Yanus pointed to himself, then to the left of the door. He pointed to Nadine, then to the right of the door. Nadine took the doorknob side and Yanus the hinge side.
This was their opportunity. Whoever it was, Nadine and Yanus would jump them when they opened the door.
The person on the other side of the door fiddled with the locks. Only the locks were not being unlocked. The knob wasn’t turning and the door wasn’t opening. There was clicking and squeaking noises, and something dropped to the floor with a thud. The clicking and squeaking noises continued for another minute, moving from one spot to the other.
The noises stopped. A card, the size of a credit card, slid under the door. The stairs creaked again, becoming more distant with each step.
Nadine picked up the card and turned it over. She was disappointed to see it was just Yanus’s driver’s license.
She handed it to Yanus. “Do they think you’re going to need this?”
“I doubt it. I was afraid they might find this.”
“Why? Where did they get your driver’s license?”
“I tossed it out the window,” he said pointing to the narrow open slit at the bottom of the window.
“Along with this,” she handed him the baseball card. “What else did you toss out the window?”
He stared at his baseball card. “You found this out front?”
“Yeah, we had a flat tire.”
He pointed to the empty corner. “Those idiots left a pile of nails and screws in the corner, when they nailed shut the window and installed those bars. I tried to pry the pins out on the door hinges with their scraps, but the pins wouldn’t budge. The stuff went out the window.”
“That’s where that stuff came from,” she said.
“It was a mistake to do that. I shouldn’t have done that,” he looked over his Steve Carlton baseball card. “You wouldn’t be in this mess if I hadn’t.”
“We would’ve found you anyway,” she said, though he may have been right. They might not have found him on their own.
Yanus flipped over his driver license. His eyes widened. He brought the card to within six inches of his eyes. He looked at Nadine, then down at the back of the license. He focused on a corner of the license.
“What is it?” she asked.
He continued to look at the license.
“What is it Yanus?” she snatched the license out of his hand.
In the lower right corner, written in pen was a small box with two small letters inside, “NR.” A plus sign was written over the top of the two letters, inside the box.
“Does this mean something?”
Yanus said nothing.
“Yanus?”
“In the old days, that would mean you were dead, or will be soon.”
She looked at the symbol and took a deep breath. She turned around, walked to the blank wall, then back.
“I thought that when they tossed me in the trunk today,” she said. “I thought, I’m never going to see my family again, my kids, even my no-good husband—not to mention you and my new friend, Daniel. No doubt, they’re hunting him down, too.”
“I’m not sure why they would do that—send us a message like that,” he said. “They’re either taunting us or telling us it’s time to make a break for it.”
“Why would they tell us that?” She handed back his license and walked toward the door. She turned the knob and pulled. It was still locked.
“It’s loose,” he said pointing to the door, slightly ajar.
She looked back at the door and pulled again. The door opened almost a half and inch.
“Someone loosened the locks,” he said.
She pulled harder using the play in the door to get momentum. It opened a fraction more. “You’re stronger, you pull.”
He yanked on the door knob over and over, each time opening the door a fraction more. “We have a friend out there somewhere.”
The wood trim on the doorframe cracked as the screws began to pull out. A rumble of thunder in the background helped to cover the sound. At least that’s what they were hoping.
“We’re getting there,” she said. There was now a small gap between the outside edge of the door and the inside trim. 
She reached in, wedged her fingers in the small gap, and pulled. Yanus did the same just above Nadine.
“On three, ready?” she said. “One, two, three.” They pulled. Nothing moved.
“One, two, three.” They pulled. The door moved a fraction on an inch, but was still latched.
“One, two, three.” The door splintered free. One of the deadbolts dropped to the floor. The door swung wide open. Nadine flew backward from the momentum, landing on her backside.
She immediately hopped up. 
They walked cautiously though the open door and looked around. Nadine listened for their captors. All she heard was thunder.
Freedom!



Chapter 33 

The back of the house was quiet. It was time to move in.
Daniel lumbered straight to the back of the house. He stood with his back to the wall, next to the rear door. He assumed it would be unlocked from all the comings and goings.
He stood between the door and a small double hung window. The curtains were drawn, but there was a small crack where the left and right side curtains did not quite meet. Daniel peeked in.
It was an ordinary, empty, eat-in kitchen. He could see almost the entire kitchen. 
To the left, was a cubby area with a closed door. He assumed the door led to stairs to the basement. Straight ahead was an open doorway leading to a carpeted room. Through the door, he saw part of a stair railing leading upstairs. Between the open doorway and Daniel’s peephole, was a small kitchen table, parked against the stairway wall on the left.
A Formica countertop formed a “U” shape. The sink was under the window and the stove against the right-hand wall. A refrigerator stood across the “U,” next to the open doorway.
The kitchen looked empty. He couldn’t see if anybody was in the other room—the living room. The dim living room light crept through the open doorway. The round overhead fluorescent light glared off the kitchen floor.
He waited. Wind rustled the trees. The shrubs were alive with movement.
I’m well armed and so far undetected. No time like the present, he thought. He would go one doorway at a time. His first stop would be in the cubby next to the basement door, out of sight from the living room.
He looked back behind him—all clear. He peeked inside once more—all clear.
Daniel opened the screen door a couple of inches at a time. 
He slowly opened the inside door, stepped in, and gently shut the outside door. Daniel turned to shut the inside door. 
He reached for the door knob, trying to be as stealth as possible, when a sharp object pressed between two ribs. A bone-tingling jolt of electricity pulsed into his ribcage and through his body. 
Every muscle, from his feet to his pinky, tensed up into one big muscle cramp. His legs gave out and he dropped to the floor, banging his head. 
His head hurt. The ceiling spun above him. 
He looked up, spread out on the vinyl floor, at a gray haired older man, holding the familiar stun gun.
 The pain faded, but his muscles felt tight, and spent of their energy at the same time. 
The older man must have been hiding to the left of the kitchen door. It was the only place Daniel couldn’t see, through the curtains.
The man took Larry Johansson’s pistol and the gun Daniel took from Jenson. 
“Finally,” the man said. “You people are quite a nuisance. Sadly for you, breaking into an old farmer’s house, nobody will question this unfortunate accident.”
He pocketed Jenson’s gun and tossed the pistol into the sink. “Self defense of course.”
The basement stairway door opened.
Karson entered. “I was wondering what that thud was. Want me to bring him upstairs?”
“No, find Jenson and get to the north pump station to set-off those charges,” the man said. “Before you do that, make sure the gate between the canal and the reservoir is still open. You will need all the water you can get to move that vault.”
Karson reached down toward Daniel’s ankle and pulled the hunting knife out of Daniel’s sock. “You forgot something.” He said to the old man. He tucked it under his belt.
“Go,” the old man said.
“We’re ready,” Karson said. “We’re going. Jenson’s probably waiting in the pickup.” Karson left the inside door open. He let the spring loaded screen door slam on his way out.

Nadine and Yanus heard a thud, followed by men’s voices down stairs. Step-by-step they worked their way down the stairs. They stayed low and on the left side of the stairwell, out of sight from the kitchen.
Some of the steps creaked, as they did when the lock person came up the stairs. Nadine hoped the people talking in the kitchen would be too preoccupied to notice.

Daniel started to shift and move. He began testing his strained muscles, trying to sit up. 
Without a word, the old man reached in with the stun gun and zapped him again.
“Arrgh!” Daniel dropped again.
“Don’t move or I’ll do it again,” the man said. 
He then opened the basement door and grabbed onto Daniels wrists. He pulled Daniel head-first toward the open door. “Downstairs we go.” 
He’s going to throw me down the stairs, Daniel panicked.
The man had Daniel’s arms fully stretched out toward the basement door. He could only see the top of the man’s head from where he lay. 
A shadow crept into Daniel’s peripheral vision—maybe it was shadows.
The end of a pipe clunked firmly on the man’s head. His head dropped to the floor like a bowling ball. 
Daniel saw a flash of the hand holding the pipe, but couldn’t see who swung the pipe. He didn’t care. 
Whoever it was, dragged the man by his feet away from Daniel. He heard a faint grunt, followed by four or five rhythmic thuds. The sounds faded with each thud. The bowling ball—the older man’s body or head—bounced down the stairs.
 


Chapter 34 

Larry Johansson sat low and quiet, like a cat eyeing its prey. He crouched behind the Azaleas near the front corner of the house. Hartwick was right about the reservoir. Larry shut the gates as he instructed. He thought he should see for himself what else Hartwick was right about.
He heard more than he wanted from Jenson and Karson
He stroked the side of his face with his hand. The physical scars from the burns were barely noticeable behind the wrinkles and age spots. But he could see it. He could certainly feel the scar. He could always feel it. The contouring and density of the skin was distinctly different on the one side.
He always thought the explosion was an accident. It was all he could do to contain his rage after hearing that these people, whoever they were, actually set-off that explosion, just to cover their tracks.
So did Boris and Hanny actually die in that explosion, or was it just cover for their getaway?
He waited quietly for some kind of cue to move. Larry watched with pleasure as Hartwick easily took care of Jenson. 
Karson reemerged from the back of the house. It was now his turn, Larry thought.
Karson spotted the dumped backpack contents on the ground and stopped. He looked around and slowly knelt down next to backpack. Karson continued looking around, twisting his head left, then right, and then back again. Karson would be on heightened state of alert, Larry figured. He obviously knew something wasn’t right.
Larry knew he didn’t have the physical strength to take on Karson, but his Glock would do just fine.
The safety was off. He steadied his wrist on his knee and took aim for Karson’s head. 
A click from behind him cut through the wind noise. Larry flinched, releasing his trigger finger. 
He snapped his head around to look.
The door latch clicked and the front door to the house swung open.

Daniel lay nearly motionless, trying to decide if it was OK to move again. Then someone took hold of Daniel’s armpits and hoisted him into a kitchen chair.
“Come on, time to get out of here, Daniel.”
“Yanus, where have you been?” he said with a sigh. It was a relief that it was Yanus. It was a bigger relief that it was the old man, and not him, battered at the bottom of the cellar stairs.
“Waiting for you.” 
“Have you seen Nadine, they got her too.” Daniel rubbed his head, but it didn’t stop the pounding. “I need a drink of water?”
“They put her with me. She snuck out the front door to get help.” Yanus took a glass from the painted cabinets and filled it. “Nice gun. Is that yours?” Yanus delivered the gun and the glass of water to Daniel.
Daniel promptly chugged the water and pocketed the pistol. “I borrowed it. What do you know about this, Yanus? You were going to tell me something yesterday before…”
“I know we need to get out of here. That’s what I know.”
Daniel stood up deliberately, then walked to the open basement door. “We should tie this guy up.” He pointed down the stairs and gingerly began his decent.

Larry turned to see Nadine Russo leaping down the front steps. She ran past Larry’s hiding place. 
She didn’t see Larry and strode toward the front of the pick-up. Larry turned back towards Karson, but he was gone. 
Karson jumped out from the other side of the pick-up.
“Its Karson watch out,” Larry jumped to his feet and yelled. He tripped over the landscape curbing and dropped his gun.
Karson turned his head in Larry’s direction.
While his head was turned, Nadine coiled her right arm and slugged him in the nose.
Neither Larry nor Nadine noticed Karson’s right arm, with a hunting knife in hand, jabbing toward her.
Karson plunged the point of the three or four inch long knife into Nadine’s side. Nadine opened her mouth as if to yell or scream, but nothing came out.
She glared at Karson. Her eyes were glued to her attacker. The knife fell out to the ground. She grabbed her side with both hands. Blood trickled between her fingers. 
She staggered and slowly crumpled. Nadine grabbed hold of Karson’s shirt, slowing her decent. She dropped to the ground next to the knife. Nadine landed on her rear end next to the driveway, falling back onto her elbows. She sat on the ground with her knees raised, leaning on her elbows to prop herself up.
Larry righted himself. He charged Karson.
Karson, holding his bloody nose, backed up and tripped over Nadine’s legs. He landed with a thud on his back, on the driveway pavement.
Rage pumped through Larry’s veins. He picked up the hunting knife, jumped on Karson’s legs, and thrust the knife into his gut. 
He pulled the knife out, and rammed it in again, as deep as it would go. He gave the knife a little wiggle, just to make sure he wasn’t getting back up.
He looked back at Nadine Russo. She lay on her back, holding the side of her ribcage.

After three or four steps down into the basement, Daniel could see it was no ordinary basement. “What is all this stuff?”
Yanus followed, saying nothing.
With each step, he scoped a different section of the basement. He hoped to avoid more surprises. Daniel held the railing tight. He felt a little dazed, but forced himself to focus on his surroundings. 
At the bottom of the stairs lay the old man. He wouldn’t need to be tied up. Daniel stepped over him.
There were three cabinets packed with wires and electronic circuit boards. “Some king of computer bank. Do you know what all this is, Yanus?” 
In front was a small console, with a radar screen, and a keyboard with unfamiliar symbols on the keys. Daniel continued to look around, moving slowly and deliberately.

Larry was bursting with rage and anger. He was angry at Karson, Jenson, Boris, Hanny, and the Hughes. Most of all he was mad at himself for not pulling the trigger when he had Karson in his sights.
He had to save Nadine.
He expanded the tear in her shirt to expose the slice in her side. He took off his shirt, to reveal a dull grayish white T-shirt. He rolled his shirt up and pressed it against the wound with his left hand.
She cringed, but he had to stop the bleeding.
With his right hand, he took his cell phone out of his pocket. Dr. Jacobs was among his contacts.
He called his office number. “…if this is urgent please press two to page the physician on-call, if this is life threatening, please call 9-1-1.” He pressed “2.”
The next choice was, press one to leave a message, or press two to leave a call back number. He pressed “1.”
“Doc, this is Larry Johansson,” he spoke quickly without pauses. “This is life-or-death. I’ll call 9-1-1 next, but you’re closer and they’re a little slow. I’m in front of the Hughes’ place on Pitre with a woman who’s been stabbed. She’s bleeding heavily and needs help immediately.” He took a breath. “I’m putting pressure on the wound, but I think it’s too deep. Hurry!” He pressed end.
Larry then called 9-1-1. They would send help as soon as possible, they said. Based on experience, that would be almost ten minutes—much too long.
If he had the keys, he could load her in the pickup and drive her himself.
He released the pressure on her side. His tan shirt was almost solid red. He wiped his blood coated hand on his tee shirt.
She was still conscious and alert. That was good. “Where’s Daniel?” she said softly, turning to Larry.
“He went inside,” he pointed to the house. “He’ll be OK.”
“No!” She tipped her head up as though she was going to get up. She quickly dropped her head back down to the ground. 
“Stay still,” he said. “I’ll be right back. Help is on the way.”
She stared straight up at the dark gray sky, taking heavy breaths.
He scampered to the pickup passenger door and opened it. There were no keys in sight—not in the ignition, the glove box, over the sun visor, or under the floor mat. 
He picked up a roll of gray duct tape, and a small towel or rag, and returned to Nadine. He pressed his rolled shirt back onto Nadine’s side. 
She flinched. 
He cringed in sympathy. “Sorry.”
Larry used the rag to wipe the blood off her skin around his rolled up shirt. He tore off a couple of two-foot lengths of the duct tape. He placed them, crossing diagonally, over his rolled up bloody shirt, sticking the tape to her skin on each side. He wasn’t sure if it helped, but it seemed like the right thing to do. 
He looked up and down the empty street. No help yet!
He could run to get his car. He parked out of sight, around the corner, but he didn’t want to leave her lying there. The doc is only a minute or too away, if he got the message.
“It will be OK. Just breathe slowly and calmly,” and I’ll try to do the same, he thought. 
A large car, with bright white headlights, raced down the street and squealed into the driveway. The headlights blared into Larry’s eyes.

Daniel heard the faint squeal of tires from outside and jerked his head up.
Yanus popped his head up, hearing the same squeal. “We need to get out of here before Karson and Jenson come back,” he said.
“Oh, shit! You said Nadine went out the front?”
Yanus nodded.
“Karson went out the back. Let’s go,” Daniel turned and sprang for the stairs.
He tripped over the old man’s foot, but braced himself with the railing. Daniel caught his toe on the nose of the third step, dropping him to one knee. “Damn it!”
“She’s OK. She went to get help.”
Daniel stood back up and rubbed his knee. “Where?” There was no place to go. He restarted up the stairs, two steps at-a-time.
“She’s long gone, Daniel.” Yanus reached down to take something off the man on the floor and followed. 
Daniel last stride landed just short of the top step, dropping his foot down one step. He kept his balance and continued into the kitchen. Yanus was close behind.

Dr. Drew Jacobs jumped out of his Cadillac STS. He moved as fast as a 60-year old man could move. “Nurse Torres is on her way to the office to get the examination room ready. I contacted the ambulance service. They will meet us at my office.” 
He knelt down next to Nadine to check her pulse and blood pressure. “The wound is under here obviously?” he placed his hand lightly on top of Larry’s rolled up bloody shirt. He looked over at Karson on the ground.
“He’s dead,” Larry said.
“Is that the knife that did this to her?”
“Yes?”
“How long is it?”
“It’s a hunting knife—maybe three or four inches. It fell out by itself so it wasn’t in that deep,” Larry said, looking for a nugget of hope from the doctor, that maybe her injury wasn’t so bad.
“Ambulance response times here are pathetic.” The doctor pulled a small cot out of his back seat. “Help me get her on here.”
They shifted Nadine onto the cot and hoisted it onto the back seat. “You drive, while I keep an eye on her.” The doctor powered the passenger seat all the way up, and knelt on the floor next to her. The doctor never asked what actually happened, or how two people got stabbed.
Larry sped the two blocks to the doctor’s office.

Daniel heard another tire squeal. He bolted out the back door, leaping down and skipping the three steps. As he landed, he remembered his sore ankle. He grunted. His leg buckled and he fell to the ground. He heard more spinning tires, but this time no squeal.
Yanus extended his hand. “You OK?” He pulled him up.
“Just a bum ankle, I’m good.”
They ran around the corner, of the back of the house, in time to see car taillights zipping off, splashing through puddles, down Pitre Lane.



Chapter 35 

A warm glow reflected off the clouds in the northeast sky. The Hughes driveway was eerily quiet. The pickup was still there with the dumped backpack on the ground next to it.
Toward the front of the pickup lay a body. It was Karson with a knife in his gut. There was no movement from the body. Daniel couldn’t help but notice that the knife looked like the hunting knife he bought in town earlier in the day.
There was no sign of Nadine. With a dead man in the driveway, Daniel was relieved Nadine had gone to get help, as Yanus said. He just hoped she would find some.
There was another rumble in the distance. “More thunder?” Daniel asked.
“That’s not thunder, my friend,” Yanus said. “We have to go finish what they started.”
“What? What have they started?””
Yanus loaded the gear from the backpack into the bed of the truck, next to the metal box.
“What’s going on, here?”
Yanus reached down into Karson’s pants pocket and came back with the keys to the truck. “Help me move him out of the way. We need to borrow the truck.”
Daniel reluctantly agreed. They dragged Karson off the driveway onto the grass. 
There were two large blood spots on the driveway. Either Karson had moved before he died, or somebody else was there injured and bleeding. The blood stain that was under Karson was a different shade than the second stain. Maybe the second stain wasn’t blood after all. Daniel didn’t remember any driveway stains when he took on Jenson, but he wasn’t looking then.
“What the hell happened here?” Daniel said. Karson had Daniel’s knife and got stabbed by it. “Who stabbed this guy?” 
“I don’t know, but we need to go.” Yanus jumped in behind the wheel of the truck. “Hop in, I’ll explain on the way.”
Yanus willed Daniel into the truck. “Where are we going?” Daniel asked.
“To the north pump station,” Yanus answered. “Do you believe in U.F.O.’s? I know you don’t, but…”
“Oh no, not U.F.O.’s again?”
“These people are spies, alien spies.”
Daniel rolled his eyes.
“They’re here, in La Salle, to retrieve their buried fuel pod. It’s hidden at the north pump station.”
“Under the vault! The radioactivity,” he said. “What’s this got to do with U.F.O.’s?”
 “That rumble was explosives going off, in the canal bank, by the pump station,” Yanus continued. “The charges will create a breech in the canal bank next to the vault. If the force of the water, flowing through the breech, doesn’t push the vault out of the way, the rising floodwater will. The buoyancy should float it out of the way.” 
“That could work. Did you overhear all this? Why are we involved?”
“They should have just left it buried. I…” he stopped for a second. “Now that they may have exposed it, we…I, need to get it out of the way before anyone else finds it.”
“I heard them talking, Karson and Jenson, something about the Soviets and a plane crash forty years ago. Let’s just let the Feds take care of this,” Daniel said.
Yanus placed his hand on Daniel’s shoulder. “They’re not Soviets, Daniel. They’re not Russian, or Ukrainian, or from the Middle East.”
“Oh, yeah, right, they’re from outer space?” Daniel shook his head. “Spies, I get it. Extraterrestrial? I don’t think so,” Daniel shook his head again.
“Let’s just get it into that shielded box,” Yanus said pointing his thumb toward the bed of the pick-up. ”Then we call the Feds.”
“So that’s what that box is for,” he could go along with that. Daniel knew there was some kind of radiation source there.
Yanus found a gravel ramp, along the west end of Hawthorn Drive. He drove up the ramp and onto the muddy maintenance road toward the north pump station. The glow of a fire at the Harrison Pump Station lit up the sky.
“They said you were one of them,” Daniel said. “They called you Sunan.”
Yanus maneuvered along the narrow road. Daniel noticed the canal water elevation dropped from earlier in the day. Was Yanus not going to answer, he wondered.
“I used to be. And so was my father. But not anymore,” he said. “You can never really escape the past, can you?”
Yanus slowed down as they approached the pump station. There was a fifteen-foot wide gap in the maintenance road. The Harrison Pump Station was in the distance, engulfed in fire. Water shot rapidly out the intake pipes.
The torrent flowed from the Harrison Pump Station and out through the breach by the north pump station.
The vault rotated 45 degrees and shifted four to five feet toward Hawthorn Drive.
The water flowed swiftly toward the rotated vault. The gush of water split at the corner of the vault, flowing vigorously along each side, down onto the street. The current was too strong to cross. A two-hundred pound person would be no match for the force of the water. If either of them tried to go in, they’d be washed out into the street like a twig. They got out of the truck and watched.
“Now what?” Daniel asked.



Chapter 36 

Mary Stannic, the District Director scanned the damages to the south pump station. The floodwall had buckled and water was spilling over the top of the failing wall. 
The town fire department was out in full force. Half were fighting the blaze at the Harrison Pump Station, while the rest were filling and dumping sand bags behind the buckled floodwalls.
She didn’t seem to notice that the water in the canal was dropping faster than could be explained by the breach in front of her.
Some town people were milling around. Canal Road was under a half-foot of water in front of the pump station. A few hundred feet to the west, Canal Road re-emerged, rising above the floodwater.
A young woman emerged from her older silver Nissan Sentra. Her long auburn hair flowed smoothly in the damp breeze. She walked along the canal maintenance road, staying dry above the wet Canal Road.
“Hi Darlene,” the director said. “What are you doing here, aren’t you working tonight?”
“Water’s up to the front door. Sal closed for the night,” she said. “Maybe longer if the water keeps rising.”
“We’re doing the best we can!”
“I know,” Darlene said. “Hey, I found something, by that pump station today—you know the Harrison Pump Station.”
“What’d you find?”
 “It’s odd looking. I thought it might have something to do with the pump station work being done.”
“What is it? What does it look like?”
“I don’t know how to describe it.” She held up her hands like she was holding a basketball, ready to make a pass. “It’s just…I don’t know, it’s in my trunk.” She tipped her head toward her car. 
“You have it here with you?”
“Yeah, lemme show you.” She pointed her thumb toward her car.
The walk took only a couple of minutes. Darlene pulled out her well stocked key chain, found the trunk key, and reached down to unlock the trunk. 
“I understand you’re the supervisor.” Darlene stated firmly as the trunk popped open.
“Supervisor?”
“Yes, mission supervisor. You’re the cause of all this.” Darlene held out her hand toward the inundated Canal Road.
“No, I…”

The workers and gawkers were too enthralled in the sandbagging operations to notice or care about the bright flash coming from behind the open trunk down Canal Road.
A single hand pulled shut the trunk lid. Two women emerged from the rear of the car. The younger one hopped in the front seat behind the wheel. An older woman, holding an odd-looking gun, moved not quite as swiftly, into the passenger seat. The Sentra made a U-turn and drove off to the west.

Darlene was shaking. Her world changed, at least the world she thought she knew. It changed in a matter of a few hours. “I can’t believe what we just did,” she said.
“I did it, not you,” the older woman said. “You believe what I told you, right? You were going to be next.”
Darlene nodded.
“They would have found charred bones of a women in our burned-out house.” Emily Hughes continued. “They would have thought it was me, but it would have really been you. That was his plan, their plan” 
Darlene took a deep breath. She wasn’t quite sure what she had gotten herself into. As long as she knew Jeremy was going to be with her, she could get through it. “OK.”
Her stomach churned, and her head was ready to burst. She drove, but didn’t see anything. Her hands and feet moved just enough to help the car follow the road.
Darlene took another deep breath. “What’s next?” she dared to ask.
“We bring her into the house…next to George,” Emily answered. “There’s also a man named Karson outside. I dragged his body out of the way under the Azaleas. Nobody knows of him here. We’ll need to bag him and load him on the ship, so authorities don’t find him.”
Were bagging dead bodies? Can’t I just tend bar, be a deputies wife, and have a few kids? 
“Who killed him?” Darlene asked
“Larry Johansson.”
“Larry? No way, I can’t see Larry doing that,” Darlene said. “How’d he get involved?”
“I don’t know, but I saw it happen. There’s another man, named Jenson. He’s tied up in the barn. I assume Daniel Hartwick did that,” she said, answering Darlene’s question before she could ask it. “We’ll need Jenson. We’ll need to untie him.”
Oh, God, for what, Darlene feared. It’s OK, she told herself. She saved my life. I’m safe with her…I think! 



Chapter 37 

“We have to stop this.” Daniel said looking over the rushing torrent of water. “Some of these houses already have water up to their doorsteps,” he said pointing toward a couple of homes hear Hawthorn and Elm Street. 
“The reservoir looks secure for now,” Yanus said looking across the canal toward the full storage reservoir. “We need to stop the flow from Harrison.”
Thank you Larry, Daniel thought. “Those large pipes are literally siphoning water out of the Mississippi,” he said pointing to the Harrison Pump Station. “The pumps are shut down. We just need to break the siphon. We need to put holes at the high point in those pipes to let air in the line.”
While Daniel was trying to figure out how to shut off the spigots, Yanus was looking over the vault area.
Daniel pulled out Larry’s pistol.
“You’re going to shoot a hole in the pipes with that?” Yanus questioned.
Daniel wondered that himself. “I’d use a wrench, but I don’t think I can get to it with the fire. Maybe I can shoot out a few bolts on one of those flanges.”
“Here use this,” Yanus said, drawing his weapon. 
Daniel recognized the energy gun, the same type he confiscated from Jenson in the driveway. 
“I pulled this off of Hughes in the basement.”
“We’ll need to cross the canal, and approach from the other side,” Daniel said. “There’s too much activity on this side.”
“You go.” Yanus handed Daniel the energy gun. “If you can shut off the flow, then I can get the fuel pod out,” Yanus said pointing to the rotated vault.
Daniel looked into the canal. Fortunately, most of the gushing water was flowing out the breech in the embankment. He could wade across, downstream of the breech. He handed Yanus the pistol and tucked Hughes’ gun, or maybe Jenson’s gun, into his pants pocket.
Daniel slid down the steep bank into the canal. The water level was just above his knees. The water was cold and swirling, but not flowing too strongly.
His feet hurt from the frigid water, as he waded across. The cold felt good on his sprained ankle.
At the opposite bank he got down to all fours to try to claw his way up the almost 45 degree sloped embankment.
About half way up his right foot gave way losing its grip. He slid back down, losing his balance at the bottom and falling backward into the water. “I hope that thing is waterproof,” he yelled to Yanus.
There was no answer from Yanus.
It was knee-deep water. Daniel he couldn’t get much of a running start, but he tried anyway. He barely clawed his way above the waterline.
“OK. Third time’s a charm right? Here goes.” He hit the wet embankment with both legs and both arms moving. His legs and arms were working like a bug scampering for cover.
Little by little, he gained on the muddy bank until he reached the top. “Whew!” He rolled over on his back. He took a few deep breaths before righting himself.
He was once again covered with the familiar Louisiana mud.
He approached the burning pump station. The smoke and fumes from the burning fuel oil irritated his nose.
Daniel zeroed in on his target. The three large pipes ran horizontally just under the top of the levee before bending down, through a ninety degree elbow, into the burning pump station.
He would shoot at the top of the elbow.
Daniel fired. The gun pinged, shooting out a marble sized ball of light. It sailed over the top. He fired again. It hit the elbow, turning it bright red. When the glow faded, the elbow remained intact.
He looked at the top of the gun. There was a small dial. Maybe it’s a power setting. It was all the way to the left. He turned the dial all the way to the right.
Daniel aimed and fired again. The shot hit the elbow directly on the side. A shower of sparks and metal embers burst into the air. A slug of water powered through a three-foot gap in the pipe and stopped.
The elbow was blown completely off, leaving two jagged pipe ends. The pipe was now empty. The flow stopped.
He aimed and shot the second pipe. His good aim surprised him. The second pipe burst and emptied out.
“You there!” a man yelled from the top of the levee behind him. “What’d ya think your doin’ there?” 
The man waved vigorously, with both arms, to another man on the other side of the pump station. “I got your firebug over here,” he yelled, pointing at Daniel.
Daniel quickly took aim and fired the third shot. He missed low and wide into the embankment sending a puff of dirt into the air. He shot again—same spot, low and wide.
The man was closing in.
Daniel fired again. It was a direct hit! A long slug of water flew out the opening. Then the water stopped.
The man continued to walk briskly toward Daniel. Daniel ran toward the burning pump station, as close as he could get. He reached back with the gun in hand and flung the gun into the heart of the flames. Daniel took off, running awkwardly, down the maintenance road.
The man continued to point and yell, but did not chase after him. 
Daniel slowed to a walk and turned to look back. There was another large burst of flames, almost like a small explosion, within the old pump station.
There was no water coming out of the big pipes. He stood tall for a second, with his hands in his pockets, and watched the blaze begin to fade. Town saved, he thought—he hoped.
Now it was time to find Nadine.



Chapter 38 

Yanus ventured into the mud where the vault used to sit. Daniel continued to walk. He had enough running.
The clouds had begun to brake up, exposing a nearly full moon.
Daniel would let Yanus take care of the fuel pod, while he caught his breath and walked back. He would need all of his energy to traverse the canal again.
After some hand digging Yanus emerged with a small cube. Yanus hoisted it to his chest like a weightlifter curling a loaded barbell. 
Yanus looked like he was going to fall back from the momentum, until he took a step backward.
Daniel would have liked to place his Geiger watch next to that cube now. 
He wondered where Nadine was or if she was able to get some help, some real help, not Deputy Northrop. She was probably wondering where he was.
There was no sign of Larry either. 
He then thought of Karson stabbed on the driveway. Who did that? Yanus? Larry? Nadine? Somebody else?
He assumed Yanus clubbed the old man on the head, but he wasn’t sure. Yanus didn’t mention it. Daniel remembered the blur of the hand holding the pipe. There was something shiny on that hand, like a ring. Yanus didn’t wear any rings—not even a watch. He also seemed surprised to find Karson dead. 
A chill ran down his spine. The body count was rising. Three, so far. Is it over?
Yanus set the cube in the back of the pickup. The rear springs settled noticeably from the weight. He hopped in the pickup bed. The truck settled some more.
Yanus hoisted the cube into the metal box. It seemed to slide right it, as if it was custom made for it. He turned to Daniel, gave the “thumbs-up” sign, and waved.
Daniel looked across the canal toward the breach. He would cross there and walk out the muddy breach. Daniel waved back and slid down the canal bank into the canal. 
There was barely a foot of water still trapped in the canal. Almost all of the canal water drained into the streets of La Salle. At least the flow had stopped.
Daniel sloshed through the shallow water and stepped into the muddy gap in the embankment. He couldn’t see the pickup, but he could hear it starting up. Yanus would be ready to go as soon as Daniel got back to the pickup.
He slogged through the mud. A suction sound, produced with each lift of his foot, followed every step. He veered left around the shifted and rotated concrete vault, where the ground looked firmer.
The vault was almost on the Hawthorn Drive sidewalk. Daniel turned around the corner of the vault and stopped. He had company.
The sheriff leaned on his police car. His lights were off.
Daniel looked around the pump station toward the maintenance road where Yanus parked the pickup truck. The truck was gone.
“I’ve been looking for you,” the sheriff said.
Oh, oh, the stolen car—say nothing, he thought.
“Who was that in the pickup?” the sheriff began his interrogation.
“Yanus!” Daniel stood still, about ten feet from the sheriff. 
“Why’d he race off like that?” The sheriff remained leaning on his squad car.
“I don’t know, he was…” Daniel stopped. He was more puzzled than the sheriff.
“I saw that stunt you pulled over there,” the sheriff said pointed to the glow at the Harrison Pump Station. “What kind of gun was that?”
“I don’t know that either,” Daniel said. “I found it at the Hughes’ house.”
“You found it, huh?” the sheriff questioned. “If I had a dollar every time I heard that one. Did I also see you toss it into the fire?”
“Yeah, sorry!”
“Right, sorry, he says.” The sheriff brushed his fingers across a long day of whiskers. “Well it worked. You stopped the water flow. I’ll give you that much.”
“Why were you looking for me?” Daniel dared to ask.
“Nadine Russo was asking for you,” he said. “She actually thought you might be in danger.”
“Good she found you.”
“Well, not exactly.”
“What do ya mean?” 
The sheriff waved for Daniel to come closer.
Daniel took a few cautious steps closer.
“I escorted her ambulance through town,” he said, “from Doc Jacobs office.”
“Ambulance! What for?” he squared up to the sheriff, looking him straight in the eye.
“She was stabbed, Mr. Hartwick,” the sheriff replied firmly. “Supposedly, at the Hughes’ house. Larry Johansson called the doc. They took her to Doc Jacobs while they waited for the ambulance. It takes forever to get the EMT’s here, ya know.”
“Whoa! Where are they taking her?”
“Baton Rouge Memorial,” he said. “They’ll take care of her.”
“Baton Rouge? There’s nothing closer than that.”
“Sure, New Roads. I don’t know why Baton Rouge. They must’ve called ahead or...”
“I gotta go!” Daniel raised his hand like a stop sign. He jerked his head around trying to get his bearings. Yanus took the pick-up. The rental car was at the Hughes’ house—with Jenson in the trunk. 
“I need a ride.” Daniel clasped both hands together. “Can I get a ride?”
“If you can wait an hour or two, I’ll drive your there, but I have some things to do here first,” he answered. “That includes getting more answers from you.”
“No, I just need to get to the Hughes’ to pick up the rental.”
“You couldn’t see her until they were done with her anyway. You know surgery, stitches, or whatever they do.” He put his hand on Daniel’s shoulder. “I gotta go there anyway. Why don’t you just wait and I’ll take you.”
She wouldn’t need to go to Baton Rouge for just stitches, Daniel figured. It was the surgery, or the whatever, he was concerned about. “I’ll come in to your office, first thing in the morning. I promise,” Daniel said. “Please! I just need a lift to my car.” 
“OK,” he motioned to get in the squad car. “If I don’t see you by eight a.m. tomorrow morning, we’ll be coming to get ya.”



Chapter 39 

The sheriff drove around the dry west end of town. 
Daniel gave the sheriff a condensed update on his latest adventures. He left out the stolen car and a few other parts for brevity.
“Well, I sent Jeremy to check on the Hughes. He’s their adopted son, you know,” he said. “Anyway, he called me on the radio a little while ago—said he didn’t see anything unusual.” 
What would he consider unusual, Daniel wondered.
He pulled to the side of the road and parked across the street from the Hughes house and across from Jeremy’s car. 
The white pick-up was parked in the driveway in the back. It was backed up to the barn.
Daniel hopped out of the squad car. 
The sheriff quickly followed. “No dead bodies here, Mr. Hartwick.”
“Look at the driveway,” Daniel yelled as he jogged ahead.
There was also an older gray Sentra behind the house.
The sheriff looked down at the two large blood stains on the driveway, then at Daniel and ran after him.
Daniel stopped at the pickup. The bed of the truck was empty.
Beyond the pickup, stood the big barn. One of the large overhead doors to the barn was open.
The overhead lights were out, but there was enough ambient light to see that the plane was no longer there. 
Were they all gone? Did Yanus go with them? The house looked quiet. The storm was over and the wind had all but stopped. It was cold, damp, and quiet, except for the sheriff’s footsteps. It was as though nothing had happened. “A lot of cars here for it to be so quiet,” Daniel said.
They walked into the barn. The two cars were still there. The Taurus trunk was open and empty. Jenson was gone.
“This is where they kept the funny looking plane, I was telling you about.”
Daniel looked toward the back of the barn and froze. They looked upward toward the back wall of the barn, only there was no wall. 
“What the…?” The sheriff ran his fingers through his black hair.
The back of the barn was wide open to the farm fields beyond.
They walked briskly together toward the back of the wide open barn. The wall was still there, only it lay flat on the ground. It was still in one piece, as though it hinged at the base of the wall, and dropped open like a drawbridge.
“That’s one hell-of-a door,” the sheriff said.
They looked out onto the empty field. The moon, shining between spreading clouds, became nature’s nightlight.
Daniel was ready to go when he caught a faint glimmer of light to the right. Was it the neighbor’s farmhouse? No, it was three fuzzy light gray dots. They were reflecting the moonlight.
He recognized the pattern. He shot the same pattern into the side of the plane with the energy gun.
The three dots began to rise. He listened closely but there was no sound. The dots rose diagonally toward the clearing in the clouds.
He tapped the sheriff on the shoulder and pointed. “Look over there.” He said. “See those three dots rising.”
“I don’t see anything.”
“See it? There,” he pointed. “That’s the plane. I shot it with that gun.”
“You mean with the gun you tossed into the burning the pump station? I don’t see anything.”
“It’s straight over there,” he continued to point. “It’s starting to turn. It’s heading to the left.”
The sheriff gave Daniel a puzzled look. He clearly didn’t see it.
“It’s gone.” Daniel continued to look, but there was nothing there.
“Let’s go,” the sheriff said.
What did he just see? Daniel wondered. He turned with the sheriff and walked back toward the Taurus.



Chapter 40 

The sheriff took in a couple of sniffs. “Do you smell something?”
Daniel looked toward the back of the house. The lights were on behind the kitchen curtains, but there were no moving shadows inside. There was no activity. It looked strangely peaceful.
“Like what?”
“Smells like gas or something.”
“Probably something leaking from one of these cars, or the pickup,” he said. “I’m out of here, sheriff. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He shut the trunk of the Taurus and walked past the sheriff.
“Eight a.m. sharp,” the sheriff ordered.
He barely noticed the small flash in the kitchen as he approached the driver’s side door.
He looked up to see every window light up with a blinding flash. The windows blew out. The outside walls bulged and shattered outward. A fireball engulfed the house.
Daniel and the sheriff dropped to the ground behind the cars. The pickup, the Crown Victoria, and the Ford Taurus lined up between the two of them and the house. 
Debris flew, clattering against the vehicles, and against the barn. Splinters of siding and two-by-fours landed on the concrete barn floor behind them.
The debris settled, leaving a towering fire behind.
The sheriff poked his head above the protection of the steel car door. Daniel followed.
They peered through the car windows at the fully engulfed house. The spider web fracture of the rear door window, failed to obscure the towering blaze.
The Sentra was also on fire.
“Let’s get out of here,” Daniel said opening the car door.
“The driveway’s too close to the blaze. You can’t drive through there.”
“I don’t want to hang around for that Sentra gas tank to blow.”
Daniel looked toward the open back end of the barn for a way out. “Holy shit! This barn’s going next!” Daniel pointed to the end of the barn. 
The unsupported ends of the side walls of the barn were listing to the right. Without the end wall, the side walls lost their lateral support.
The sheriff also saw it. He hopped in the back seat.
“Why are their no diagonals,” Daniel turned the ignition key, but the engine didn’t start. “Shouldn’t there be some diagonal bracing?” 
He turned the key again and it started. He shifted into drive. “Ready or not, here we go.”
There was only one way out. It was through the open end of the barn, between the two leaning side walls.
He drove straight out the end, over the top of the prone end wall.
He made a quick right turn, hopping off the hard wall surface, onto the slick grass. 
He was careful not to lose much speed. Any loss in momentum could leave them stuck in the soft ground. The front tires spun and the car started to skid sideways.
He turned into the skid. “Just like driving in snow.”
They passed outside the row of hedges Daniel hid behind earlier. The driveway, thirty feet to their right, was littered with smoldering debris.
The sheriff leaned on the back of the front seat. His shoulders swayed with each turn. 
The Taurus hopped the curb, stopping along side the sheriff’s squad car.
“Nice driving,” he said. “Remember, tomorrow morning.”
“Got it.” There was another loud boom from behind the house. The car, Daniel thought.
He looked through the front passenger side window.
The barn appeared to be twisted. The front remained square while the side walls, near the back, slowly leaned more and more.
The sheriff watched from inside his squad car.
The back half of the barn roof dropped, crashing to the ground. The back end of the side walls folded over and tore away from the support of the front wall.
The front wall remained standing like a Hollywood façade.
The sheriff was already talking on his two-way radio.
Daniel stepped on the gas and spun off.



Chapter 41 

Daniel watched the road, but Nadine occupied his thoughts. He let her down. If we hadn’t gone into that stupid barn, if I could’ve run faster, if I had stayed outside instead of going into the house, if I hadn’t brought that knife, he asked himself.
On the straight-aways, Daniel fought the urge to test the top speed of the rental car. Only Nadine’s name was on the rental contract. If he was pulled over, it could land him a night in jail as a car thief. Nine-ten miles-an-hour over the limit should be safe. Maybe fourteen.
“Oh, the hell with that,” he stepped on the gas. He maneuvered the curves as fast as he dared. He remembered Nadine’s crazy driving the day before. The tires cried out at each new turn. He was making good time. 
He made an unexpected stop a few miles out of La Salle to pump Fix-a-Flat into his left front tire. Probably a nail left over from earlier, he figured. That was it for pit stops.
It was well after nine when he arrived at Baton Rouge Memorial.
The parking garage was easy to find with the lighted blue entrance sign. He hobbled across the second level footbridge to the hospital. After two wrong turns, he managed to wind his way to the main lobby.
“I’m looking for a new patient brought in this evening, Nadine Russo?” he asked the middle-aged African-American receptionist.
“Visiting hours are over sir, are you a relative?”
“Ah, I’m her brother, Daniel Hartwick. Russo’s her married name,” he said hoping the receptionist hadn’t actually seen her come in.
“She’s in Room 311B sir—third floor. Elevators are right around the corner,” she pointed to the elevators. “The nurses may not let you stay, you understand, since it’s after visiting hours.”
Especially looking like this, he thought. Daniel was a mess from his trek through the canal. 
He stopped in the restroom first. Much of the mud had dried. He brushed off as much as he could. He washed his face and hands.
The elevator opened up to a small waiting area. Rooms 301 to 320 were to the left. He walked with a determined pace, as though he knew exactly where he was going.
He walked past the nurse’s station, looking up only enough to catch the room number out of the corner of his eye. The two nurses at the desk were busy talking.
A man and a woman walked out of room 309. 
He slipped into room 311. The “B” was bed “B,” by the window. The inside or the “A” bed was empty.
Both beds faced a powder blue wall on the left. A white dry-erase board for nurse’s notes hung on the wall. A TV was mounted near the ceiling. The curtain between the two beds was closed.
He paused behind the curtain, afraid of what he might see. He pulled it back enough to walk into her area.
He released an immediate sigh of relief. He pictured a ventilator or an oxygen tube, with IV tubes everywhere. There were none. 
Her eyes were closed. She was probably heavily medicated.
He was intruding on her privacy again. He had known her barely a day. He had changed in her hotel room and was now watching her sleep. None of which she knew about. Just a few minutes, he thought.
She lay on her back with her left hand resting over her stomach. Her right rested along her side, almost hanging off the bed.
He sat next to her, in front of the window. It was peaceful there. He hesitated, then gently placed his hand over hers, trying not to wake her. 
“Danny?” she whispered. Her eyelids cracked open a tiny slit, before closing shut again.
“Hi. It’s Daniel,” he whispered. He released his hand from hers. 
She raised her hand, grabbed his, and squeezed.
He felt strength in her touch. It was not physical strength, but something else. 
At that moment, Daniel knew she would be OK, and that their ordeal was over.
They were safe there. He didn’t want to leave. He didn’t want to let go, but she needed her rest, and so did he.
“Sir,” the nurse said softly as she pulled back the curtain. “I need to ask you to leave please,” she said. 
The nurse was slight, and in her thirties with straight brown hair, tied up in the back of her head. “Visiting hours are nine a.m. to nine p.m.” She spoke with authority. “You can come back in the morning.”
“I just wanted to check on her. Her family’s in Kansas City,” he said. “It might take a while for them to arrange travel down here.”
The nurse showed him the way out of her room. “To be honest with you, I don’t think we have been able to reach anybody yet.”
“Nobody?”
“Not that I know of. Not from the contact numbers we have. If you know how to reach them, please do.” She handed Daniel the sign in sheet. “Can you sign in for us please?”
“I don’t,” he said while signing. “I just met her yesterday.”
Daniel asked the nurse about Nadine’s condition. She shared little, citing HIPAA regulations. She did say the doctors could possibly discharge her tomorrow. 
“OK, nine a.m.?”
“Nine-to-nine,” she repeated, looking down at the sign-in sheet. “See you tomorrow, Mr. Hartwick.”



Chapter 42 

Daniel stopped for coffee before heading back to La Salle. He wasn’t fond of coffee and was a little concerned it might keep him up all night. He was more concerned he would fall asleep at the wheel and end up in a hospital bed next to Nadine.
It worked.
Back in La Salle, the streets were still wet. Most were now drivable. There was an inch or two of water left on Pearl Street.
He saw no towering fires. The Harrison Pump Station was a burned out shell. The Hughes’ house was probably a pile of rubble by now.
He wondered what happened to Larry Johansson. He thought he should go thank him if he had time.
He noticed the La Salle Inn was built up a little from the surrounding ground—maybe a foot or so. Probably just enough to keep the first floor dry.
Julie was working the front desk again. “Good evening Mr. Hartwick. I’m glad to hear you found Mr. Fautonov.”
“Yes, how’d you know?”
“He was asking for you.”
“How long ago was that? Is he in his room?”
“It was about an hour ago. Actually he checked out,” she said. “Said he had to go back early.”
“An hour ago, huh. Did he leave any message?”
“No, sorry,” she said. “I don’t blame him for wanting to get out of town, though. Two big fires and a flood. What a mess!”
“Yeah,” Daniel nodded. “Hey, I would like to change rooms, the lock on the door doesn’t latch properly.”
“There’s no one here to fix it tonight,” she said. “I can switch ya.”
“Do you have any rooms near my colleague, Nadine Russo? She’s in room 215.”
“Two eleven is available?”
“Good, thanks.”

Daniel packed up his former room. He saw no evidence, but he could just feel that someone had been in there. Someone besides housekeeping that is.
He then went back into Nadine’s room. He would bring her luggage down to the hospital in the morning.
She left her suitcase nearly packed. He just needed to toss her laptop in her suitcase, and zip it up.
He couldn’t help but notice a La Salle Inn envelope behind the netting inside the top flap of her suitcase. “Nadine” was hand written on the front of the envelope.
Is that Yanus’s writing? “It’s inside her suitcase. It’s none of my business,” he told himself.
He zipped it up and wheeled it over to his new room. He then proceeded to search through his own suitcase.
There it was—a La Salle Inn envelope with “Daniel” handwritten across the front.
He tore it open.
Daniel,
Sorry, I had to take off on you, but I needed to remove the pod before anyone else arrived.
I am going to take a sabbatical from ACE, so I won’t be in touch for a while. Someday we will meet up again and talk about these events.
In the meantime, please forget, and do not mention to anyone, anything you may have learned today. This is important for your and Nadine’s safety.
Thank you for everything you have done yesterday and today.

Your friend,
Yanus

Why so secretive, he thought. What have I learned anyway? I still don’t know who these people were. Friends shouldn’t have these secrets. The only thing Yanus told me was some wacky story about aliens and U.F.O.’s. 
They’d laugh, or ship me off to the nut house, if I start repeating that story.
Too tired to dwell on it, Daniel repacked his suitcase and lay down on top of the bed.

The clock radio alarm jolted Daniel promptly at seven a.m. He felt like he had just lain down. He was still wearing the same grubby clothes he wore wading through the canal.
“I gotta get out of these things.” Dirt and dried mud flaked off every time he moved.
He decided to book an afternoon flight back to Phoenix. She should also be going home by then.
Daniel took a three minute shower, loaded the luggage in the car, and checked both he and Nadine out of the hotel.
“Hope you enjoyed your stay, Mr. Hartwick,” the unfamiliar desk clerk said.
He fought the urge to say that he hoped to never come anywhere near La Salle again. “It was fine, thank you.”
He promised he would stop by the sheriff’s office. 
He did. Daniel noticed immediately that the flag was at half mast. 
Yanus’s hand written words remained etched in his mind. The night before, he just wanted to spill everything. He told the sheriff as little as he thought he could get away with.
“Now it’s your turn,” Daniel stated boldly. “What do you know?”
The sheriff may have sensed Daniel was holding back, but reluctantly offered up a few tidbits of his own. 
“Where shall I start,” he said. “State investigators are looking into the pump station fire. Mr. Wilbraham from the State is on his way up here to look at the pump station and canal mess. Mary Stannic was last seen at the south pump station, but she is nowhere to be found. She is not answering her cell phone, home phone, or pager.”
“Let’s see,” he continued. “The house explosion was a gas explosion. We witnessed that, obviously,” he motioned with his hand toward Daniel. “What we don’t know yet, is if it was set intentionally or not.”
“Sadly, I learned this morning, that firefighters found the charred remains of three people buried in the rubble, so far,” a wave of sadness washed over the sheriff’s face. “We believe they are the bodies of the George and Emily Hughes, and their son, Jeremy Northrup.”
“I’m really sorry,” Daniel offered. He was sorry, but not completely surprised. 
“You never found Karson or Jenson I suppose,” Daniel said.
“Not only did we not find them, we found no record of them ever existing. I already spoke with Larry Johansson, and his account is consistent with yours regarding those two. But, as I said, we know nothing about them right now.”
Daniel wasn’t surprised by that either.
“Speaking of aliases and false identities, there are some inconsistencies in your friend Yanus Fautonov’s identity. He may not have been in this country legally,” he said. “That might explain why he didn’t wait around for you at the north station last night. He may have seen me coming.”
“Oh. Maybe,” Daniel tried to look surprised. 
“Maybe he’s on his way back to the Ukraine,” he said. “Did you know Mary Stannic came from that part of the world also? I’m sure Stannic is just a shortened version of some long Russian or Baltic name.”
That was a new wrinkle, but he didn’t care. Daniel was itching to get back down to Baton Rouge. He had one more question for the sheriff. “Do you know how Nadine Russo got hurt?”
“Larry Johansson saw it all,” he said. “She was coming out the front of the house, when the man you call Karson surprised her. Johansson was hiding in the bushes. Karson stabbed her in the ribs, but not before she slugged him in the nose.”
For a millisecond, the thought of Nadine belting Karson in the nose brought a tiny smile to his face. Then the horror of the stabbing, the stabbing with the hunting knife that Daniel bought, took over.
“Johansson jumped out when that happened,” the sheriff said, looking at his notes. “Karson tripped over Russo’s body and fell.”
Does he have to say body like that, as if it was a dead body?
“Larry admits to then stabbing and killing Karson with the same knife,” he said. “I think it was clearly a justifiable act in the eyes of the law, except, of course, we have no sign of Karson.”
Daniel looked down at his watch, “I really gotta go.” Daniel stood up from the chair.
“You can go, but I’m not through with you yet. There are too many unanswered questions,” he said. “I will be calling you. We will continue this by conference call in a week or so. You understand?”
“Of course,” he answered. “Call anytime.” Never, he hoped.
By eight-forty, he was on the road to Baton Rouge. 



Chapter 43 

“Good morning,” the nurse said. The hospital nurses were more accommodating during visiting hours. “Can I help you find somebody’s room?”
“No thanks. I was here yesterday.” He signed in four or five lines below Yanus Fautonov. Daniel walked straight for room 311.
Nadine was by herself, awake, and reading People magazine.
“Looking good,” he said to Nadine. Daniel made a point to be cheerful. “How are you doing?”
“I look like hell, and you know it,” she said smiling. “But I’ll be OK. I’ll be on my way home tomorrow, so that’s good.”
“Tomorrow? Not today?”
“No, they want to keep me another day, since it’s such a long trip, I guess. You flying home today?”
“Yeah, I guess. I thought you’d be going home today also.”
“Yeah, me too. Home to what? I don’t know,” she gave a brief shoulder shrug followed by a sharp wince. “Ooh! The pain killers must be wearing off.”
“Hey, don’t pull your stitches out.” Daniel sat down in the chair next to the window.
“Yeah, there’s a boatload of ’em. The good news is the knife hit a rib and glanced off. The bad news is I think my bikini days are over,” she said. “It’s gonna leave a nasty scar over here.” 
“I have a confession to make,” Daniel said. He leaned in and placed his hand on the bed rail next to hers. “That was my knife that he used. I bought it, before going over there, last night. Karson took it away from me. I’m sorry, I wasn’t much help yesterday.” 
“Stop it,” she said. She took hold of his hand. “You came back for me—for us, thank you. And you brought Larry. He probably saved my life.”
“Of course I was coming back. Larry came on his own. He saved both of us. He also saved the town from a lot of flooding.” He took care of the reservoir gates. “He killed Karson, you know.”
She nodded.
Of course, she knew that already. She was there.
“There was somebody else helping also,” she said. “Somebody loosened the lock on the door to the room Yanus and I were in. That’s how we were able to break out.”
Daniel thought of the swinging pipe that clunked George Hughes on the head and saved his life. “I first thought it was Yanus who saved me from George Hughes, but maybe it was the same person who helped you and Yanus. The only other people I can think of are the deputy or the older woman, Mrs. Hughes.
“I don’t know. This whole thing is too weird.”
“George Hughes was not only her husband, but the deputy’s adopted father,” he said. “Larry Johansson told me that.”
“His son, huh? That might explain some things.”
“Yeah, but a son killing his father, or a wife killing her husband? OK it happens, but there’s got to be more to it than keeping a couple of engineers locked up.”
“She did give us a funny look when we were trying to kick through the bathroom wall.” 
“You have to admit, it probably did look pretty silly. Me with my leg stuck in the hole, and you trying to free me,” he said with a smile. “You pack quite a kick by the way. I’d still be kicking if it wasn’t for you.”
“I got a lot of pent up anger,” she smiled back.
“I hear you gave that Karson guy a good punch in the nose, before he…”
“Stabbed me?” she interrupted. The smiles were gone.
“You probably saved your own life with that left hook, you know, deflecting his attack a little.” 
“Yeah, they call me Laila back in K.C.’
“Laila?”
“As in Laila Ali?” she said, blowing on her knuckles, referring to Mohammed Ali’s boxing daughter.
“OK, Laila,” Daniel replied. 
“As long as you call, it doesn’t matter,” she said.
“I like the name, Nadine,” he said. “I’m used to it now.”
“After what, a day-and-a-half?” she said. “I’m still not used to Daniel. It’s too formal. Too much like an engineer—Danny’s more you.” 
“I am what I am.” He held open his hands.
“It’s your job, it’s not you,” she said with a stern look at Daniel.
“You already called me Danny,” he said, “last night.”
 “I don’t remember.” She raised her eyebrows. “What else did I say? You can’t hold me to anything I said while on those pain killers, or sedatives, or whatever they were giving me.”
“That’s all you said…before they kicked me out anyway,” Daniel nodded toward the nurse’s station out in the hall.
 “I noticed from the sign-in sheet, Yanus was here this morning.”
“Briefly,” she said. “He said he had to go. He said he was going to take a leave-of absence from ACE to attend to some family business.”
“Huh,” Daniel thought about Yanus’s note and his planned sabbatical. “He never said anything to me about his family.”
“To be honest, I thought he might be going over the edge a little yesterday.”
“How so?”
“Oh, he was talking about alien visitors, radioactive stashes, and stuff like that,” she said. “He said they return every ten years…to just visit.”
“Ten years?” he asked.
“Sure, 87, 97, 2007, etcetera, etcetera.” she shrugged as much as she could while lying down. 
“Not to mention 1947 and 1967,” Daniel followed.
“Not to mention,” she said.
“Ten years, why ten years,” Daniel said, not expecting and answer.
“Yanus said it takes them almost that long to get here,” she said.
“That’s quite a journey. I suppose they just drop in to say hello, maybe have a cup of coffee and a bagel, and then start back, huh?”
“I don’t know. He’s in his own world sometimes.”
 “I can vouch for the radioactive stash, but I’d like to know what kind of nutty websites he’s getting all of this other stuff from.” 
“He’s a little quirky, and his background is a little murky, but he’s colorful and I’ll miss that,” she said.
“He’s different. I’ll say that for him,” he said. “By the way he left a note in my suitcase.”
“What’d he say?”
“Here,” he took the folded note out of his pocket and offered it to Nadine. “I’m pretty sure he left you one too.”
“I’m not sure I’m up to reading any more notes.” She made no effort to take the note.
“It’s just a little weird, that’s all,” he pulled back the paper. “You want me to read it? It’s a little like Yanus being Yanus,” he said referring to some of the descriptions of the antics by baseball’s Manny Ramirez.
“Is that another obscure baseball reference?” she said. “You’re not gonna slip that one by me. Go ahead, read it.”
He read it aloud.
“So we just forget all this?” Nadine said. “I’d like too, but then why’d he tell me this stuff to begin with?”
“I’m still trying to figure out what I learned, that I need to forget,” Daniel said. “It’s something about spies that I’ll gladly forget.”
Daniel thought about the spy angle. What’s worse, spies or aliens? The aircraft and the gun were not from anything he’d seen before. Yanus was more believable than he wanted to admit.
“I’m tired of all this,” Nadine said. “Tomorrow I put this all behind me. Tomorrow, I start over.”
They talked about Yanus, baseball, family, and work, interrupted occasionally by the nurse or hospital aids. 
“You’re still coming to the conference in K.C. this summer, right?” she asked.
“You bet.” Daniel looked forward to the company conference.
“Maybe we can sneak out to lunch or a ball game or something.”
“Sounds good,” he said. “Trying to get on my good side, with a ballgame, huh?”
“I thought I was on your good side.” She smiled. “I’m not a baseball illiterate, you know.” 
“I know.”
“We used to go a few times a year,” she continued. “Not so much lately, though. I think the family outings to Kaufman Stadium are probably over.”
“Then we’ll go. I’m counting on it,” he said. “Have you talked to anybody at ACE since yesterday?” 
“Jackson Herrick called this morning to send his get well wishes and all that. He said you texted Shane Gorman,” she said. “You’re moving into the 21st century. I’m very proud.”
“Yeah, well, I didn’t really want to actually speak to him. I think I finished my text with don’t ever, ever, ever, ever, ever send me to La Salle again. Unless you were going, then I’d go just to keep you out of trouble,” he kidded. “I bet the odds of that are pretty slim.”
“Slim to none,” she said.
“Have you heard from your kids yet?”
“No, the hospital hasn’t been able to reach them.”
“I may have to call my cousin in St. Louis. She could come drive me back. They don’t want me to fly right away.”
“No flying, huh? That’s got to be what, a twelve hour drive?”
“More than that,” she said. “It’s probably thirteen or fourteen, not including stops.”
“It sounds like a two-day trip to me.”
The hospital aid rolled up to the door with the food cart. “Lunch time.”
“Already?” Nadine asked. It was 12:20 p.m..
“I’m a little late today, actually.” The aid brought the tray in and set it up next to her bed.
“It’s probably time for me to hit the road,” Daniel looked down at his watch. He really just wanted to stay all day, but he convinced himself she needed some rest and recovery time.
“No, not yet,” Nadine said. “Have some lunch. I can’t eat all of this.”
“Yes, you can, and you should,” he said firmly.
“Then go down to the restaurant and get something, and come back,” she said. “You gotta eat anyway, right?”
“OK,” he gave a little nod. His flight wasn’t until four. He could stay a little longer.
The smiling nurse popped her head in the door. “You have more visitors Mrs. Russo.”
The nurse backed off and two teenage boys walked in.
“Kyle!” Nadine beamed. “P.J.?”
Kyle walked over and gave his mother a hug. He looked taller than is mother, with wavy dark hair flowing over his ears.
Daniel quickly vacated his chair for her son.
“How did you get here?”
“Hi, Mrs. Russo,” P.J. said. “We’re here to take you home.”
P.J. was quite a contrast to Kyle. He was shorter with light pale skin and long blond hair touching his shoulders.
“How did you get here,” the worry took over her face.
“As soon as Mr. Hartwick called, I called P.J. and we hit the road.”
“You drove all night?”
“We drank about three gallons of cola and alternated driving, every couple of hours.”
“Oh, my god,” she brought her hand to the side of her face. She looked shocked and thrilled at the same time. “I’m so glad I didn’t know about this before hand. I would have been up all night. You don’t even have a driver’s license,” she looked directly at Kyle.
“I got a permit. P.J. has a license,” he said. “Ma, you don’t have to be a parent today. Take the day off. Take a week off. You can yell at me next week.”
She reached her right hand up and stroked the side of his head. “Always a parent. What’d your father say about this?”
“I sent him a text, about five this morning.”
“You just took off? Without checking with him? He’ll be thrilled to read that text,” she said sarcastically.
Daniel watched and marveled at her poise. She rose to every challenge and every adversity that she faced in the last two days. She had more challenges to face when she got home to Kansas City, but now, it was just another family reunion. It was just another day of mothering her son—a son who’d prefer less mothering. 
Daniel moved closer to try to break in to the conversation. Her family was there. It was time to go.
“Ah, Danny, we’re ignoring you.”
“No. I…”
“Daniel, this is my son Kyle and his friend P.J. Boys, this is my friend and colleague from Arizona, Daniel Hartwick. Or is it Danny Hartwick, we not sure yet,” she gazed toward Daniel.
Her inviting eyes commanded his full attention. He couldn’t look away if he wanted to—like a deer staring into headlights. 
He managed to break away to greet Kyle and P.J. “Pleased to meet you both,” he shook Kyle’s, then P.J.’s hand.
He looked back to Nadine. “I just wanted to say, that it’s probably time for me to get going. You’ve got some catching up to do, and I’ve got a plane to catch.”
She appeared to give in to his logic this time. She sunk back into her pillow.
He walked next to the bed and gave Nadine a two-handed hand shake. “Take care,” he said with a smile. “Talk to you soon.”
“Soon,” she smiled back.
“Good to meet both of you,” Daniel waved goodbye and walked out. 



Chapter 44 

Nurse Kayla Thompson preferred the late shift. Visitors were gone, doctors were home, and most patients were asleep by ten.
She had been off for three days, so she had to get up to speed on the current group of patients. Other than that, the normally heavy workload was lighter on the late shift.
Still catching up on her paperwork, she looked up to see a middle-aged man signing in on the visitors’ log. He had a single rose in a clear plastic wrapper in his left hand. It was the kind people sometimes sell on street corners.
“Sir, it’s after ten, visiting hours ended more than an hour ago,” she said quietly.
“I’m sorry, I’ll be quiet. I’m here to see Nadine Russo.”
She looked at the sign-in sheet. Anthony Russo was neatly printed on the last line. “Mr. Russo?”
“I’m Tony Russo, Nadine Russo’s husband? I just drove fourteen hours from Kansas City to see her,” he said. “I got here as soon as I could.”
“She was admitted yesterday,” she said. If he was so anxious to see her, why did he wait until the next day to leave Kansas City.
“I know, we’re separated,” he said apologetically. “I didn’t hear ‘til this morning.”
“Let me see if she is awake.”
The nurse poked her head into 311B. “Mrs. Russo?”
“Yes?”
“Good, you’re awake. Your husband is here to see you.”
“Oh!” Nadine said. She pushed a button on her bed controls and raised the backrest. 
Nadine Russo’s reaction surprised Kayla. Kayla thought she would be ecstatic or at least pleased that he finally came. Instead, she almost grimaced. 
Kayla felt a wave of tension in the air. “You don’t have to see any visitors if you’re not up to it,” she offered.
“No, it’s OK,” she said. Nadine took a deep breath. “Send him in.”

The nurse left the room. Nadine heard the nurse giving specific instructions to Tony.
“You must be very quiet,” Nadine heard. “You can only stay a few minutes.” Nadine was happy to hear that. She didn’t want to see him at all. He has a lot of nerve if he expects to be welcomed. He must have come down after Kyle.
Nadine sat still and firm, looking straight ahead, preparing for him to enter.
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw him come through the open doorway with a flower in one hand and something else hidden in the other.
“Oh my god!” she said loudly.
He raised his right index finger to his lips, walked up to the bed, and placed a Snickers bar in her left hand.
“I can’t believe it,” she said quietly. Her grimace was history. “You should be in Phoenix by now.”
“Been there and back.” Daniel placed the rose on her side table. “It’s not much, but it about all they have at the local drug store.”
“It’s perfect,” she held the candy bar close to her chest, like kid with a teddy bear. “Husband, huh?” 
He shrugged his shoulders.
“So tell me, what really happened while I was drugged up last night?” she asked. “Is there something you want to tell me?”
“It’s the only way I could get by the guards,” he pointed toward the nurse’s station outside the door.
“I can’t believe you flew back here. Sit.” She pointed to the chair. “If we’re quiet maybe she’ll forget you’re here,” she whispered.
He nodded in agreement. He gingerly picked up a second chair from the other side of the room and placed it facing the chair next to Nadine’s bed. He sat, putting his feet up on the second chair.
She tapped his hand and pointed to the wide-open privacy curtain. The curtain hung from a metal track attached to the drop ceiling.
Daniel rose to attend the open curtain. He delicately dragged the curtain along the track, a few inches at a time, until it was nearly closed.



Epilogue – The next day 

Clay Potsdam peered between the bars of the East Street Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas. He had seen it all over the years. Since he was part of the “all” he had seen, he vowed to hear nothing, see nothing, know nothing and to speak nothing.
Potsdam was not his real name, but a town near where he once left this country for freedom during Vietnam. He had already snuck back in, by the time most “draft dodgers” were given amnesty, but he liked his new name, so he kept it.
Just because he “knew nothing” didn’t mean he didn’t have a curious mind. He would try to imagine where his customers came from, where they were going, and what they were hiding. He would never ask, though.
He watched with great interest as an older woman pulled up across the street in a newer gold Cadillac CTS. He longed to drive in that kind of luxury. 
She left the car in a no parking zone. The entire street was a no parking zone. It wouldn’t be long before the Las Vegas police would come to ticket it. They were quick in that regard.
The woman appeared to be wiping down the inside of the car. Clean freak maybe, but not likely. She got out of the sedan. 
His eyes followed her every move.
She unloaded a small duffle bag from the back seat and popped open the trunk lid. A young couple walked up to the Cadillac from beyond Clay’s peripheral vision.
They unloaded three large bags from the trunk.
The young man crouched down and took off the license plate. He dropped it into the storm drain.
Dodging traffic, they wheeled their bags across the street toward Clay’s chapel.
The older woman came through the front door and held it for the young couple.
They hauled their luggage into the chapel lobby.
“Come on in, may I help you,” Clay asked.
“We would like to get married,” the young man said reaching his arm around the young women’s shoulder. She smiled freely.
“Absolutely,” Clay said. “Sit down and let’s get started. My name is Clay Potsdam.” He reached out to shake the young man’s hand.
“My name’s Jeremy Northrup,” he shook Clay’s hand. “This is Darlene Roberts.”
She smiled again and offered her hand.
“This is my mother Emily Northrup,” he motioned to Emily Northrup.
“Pleased to meet you Mr. Potsdam,” Emily said. “I can be a witness for them.”
“Good,” he said. “Now we need to take care of the fee and some paperwork first. Do you all have your I.D.’s?” 
The young couple each offered up their Louisiana Driver’s licenses. Emily Northrup handed over a crisp, new looking, Canadian Passport.
Clay wanted to flip through it to look for a U.S. entry stamp, but that would have been too obvious. He suspected there was no stamp. 
“I hope you’re enjoying the sunny warm weather down here, Mrs. Northrup,” he said.
“Oh yes. It’s very pleasant,” she said politely.
Her passport looked authentic enough, but he suspected it was made right there in Las Vegas. The pages were stiff and the edges were almost perfect. 
Not only was the photo definitely of the woman in front of him, it was almost exactly her. The hair was almost a perfect match. The earrings were also a match.
Clay speculated that her passport was less than a day old--and not cheap either.
Clay didn’t perform weddings, but he took care of the paperwork and collected the fees.
He sent them into the chapel waiting area. He wouldn’t ask why they wanted to get married. They would just say it was true love. 
But why rush to get married at a Las Vegas wedding mill? Was she pregnant? 
He watched out the window as the motorcycle cop placed a slip of paper under the wiper blade of the Cadillac.
Was the marriage for legal protection, so they wouldn’t have to testify against each other? That was his favorite imagined reason. In a few minutes, they would be on their way and Clay would never know.
The three of them emerged from the chapel. The young couple held each other tight and smiled. His mother patted him on the back. Was she in favor of this or just going along ‘cause she had no choice. To Clay, she seemed OK with the marriage, but it could be a façade.
“There you are. Congratulations!” Clay rose to shake the newlyweds’ hands once again.
“I’ll get the car,” the new husband said.
It’s right out across the street, Clay thought. He casually peeked through the window. The Cadillac was gone.
Jeremy Northrup gave his new bride a kiss and ran off down the street. 
The new bride and her new mother-in-law exchanged a few interesting looks. It was as though they were trying to talk telepathically. Clay could see no animosity or mistrust. They looked like partners, who had things to say but were unwilling to talk in earshot of Clay Potsdam.
If only they knew how good Clay was at keeping secrets. 
“Good luck to you. Enjoy your visit.” As much as he wanted to know, Clay never asked where they were going or what they had planned next.
“Here he is!” Darlene Northrup pointed through the window.
Jeremy Northrup pulled up driving an old, silver, Chevy Caprice Classic.
They must have been ditching the Caddy. It must’ve been hot. Bummer, Clay thought. It was not a fair trade at all. What a shame—that beautiful Caddy’s probably on its way to the chop shop. It was a slick little switch, though.
Jeremy loaded the bags in the trunk of the Chevy.
Emily Northrup was the last to leave. “Thank you Mr. Potsdam.”
“Have a good day, Mrs. Northrup.”
And they were gone.

###

Thank you for reading The Hunt for Sunan. 

I would like to extend a special thank you to my wife, Cecilia Marquis, whose encouragement, love, and support made this book possible.

Brian Paul Davis







Coming Soon:


STUFFED
by
Brian Paul Davis


  
STUFFED continues where The Hunt for Sunan left off, two years after La Salle.

Random gunfire narrowly misses Daniel Hartwick while on an early morning run along a Phoenix canal.  A nearby runner, Cara Montero, is injured, but Cara wants no part of doctors or the police.  Daniel's attempt to help Cara embroils him in an alarming world of secret identities, covert schemes, and spies against spies that leave him trapped in the crossfire.



For more information and a free preview visit:

www.BrianPaulDavis.com
www.BrianDavis.co

www.Stuffed.co

