
The
Happenstance
Marshal
 
by M. O’Gara
Published by Heartland Indie Publishing LLC at Smashwords
Copyright 2011 Michael O’Gara 
Discover other titles by Michael O’Gara at Smashwords.Com

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a fictional work coming from the author’s imagination including the persons, events, places, organizations and companies.  Any similarity to actual persons, events, places, organizations and companies, is purely coincidental.


Table of Contents
Chapter 1 - Millie
Chapter 2 - Revelations
Chapter 3 - Confrontations
Chapter 4 - Opportunities Seized
Chapter 5 - Progress at Last
Chapter 6 - Surprise, Surprise
Chapter 7 - On the Move
Chapter 8 - New Beginnings
Chapter 9 - The Team
Chapter 10 - In the Spotlight
Chapter 11 - Discovery and Disaster
Chapter 12 - Coming Together
Chapter 13 - Boiling Point
Chapter 14 - Famous and Infamous


Chapter 1 – Millie
Millie Boyd was very angry and fighting to control her rage when she left Mountain View Community College.  She would finish at the top of her class and yet others who had barely made it through were being offered jobs.  It was so unfair that she was being discriminated against this way.  She was convinced she could do the job.
Millie had stayed around after the final exam to talk to her instructor.  She had no doubt she had aced the exam.  She loved what she had been studying and she was certain she had all the skills.  It was dark and there was no one around as she headed for her car.  
Millie became aware of the man approaching and she stopped and looked around.  She was alone.  The hair stood up on the back of Millie’s neck.  Her weapon was locked in the glove compartment of her car parked on the street because they were prohibited on campus.  It was too late to run so she slipped off her back pack and let it slip down near the ground holding on to one of the straps.
The big man brandished a knife and said, “Come with me sweetie and do what I want and I won’t hurt you.”  He moved the large knife back and forth.
It was then that Millie knew this was most likely the serial rapist who had already assaulted four women.  The rapist had exhibited an escalating pattern of violence cutting his victims horribly after he raped them.  He was not wearing a mask this time so he probably anticipated killing his victim; her.  Millie was determined not to go down without a fight.  
The man had said enough so Millie did something unexpected.  She attacked.  She stepped forward with her left foot and swung the backpack at the man the power of her pivoting body and the wide arc of the swing putting momentum behind the heavy backpack loaded down with text books.  The man was not expecting her reaction and was slow to respond so the backpack hit the man on the side of his head and momentarily knocked him off guard and off balance.  Millie channeled her rage attacking ferociously with moves she had practiced hundreds of times so they were automatic.  
She struck viciously at the man’s testicles and he swung his knife at her and she blocked it.  He groaned in pain and bent over.  Millie moved liked greased lightning and avoided most of the second sweep of the knife and the man screamed as she broke his wrist.  Then she pivoted and ferociously kicked the back of his knee and he went down.  Millie moved quickly as her attacker struggled to get up and she kicked him in the nose breaking it.  He tried to get up again but she was not going to let him and viciously kicked him in the side of the face.  She thought she heard bone break.  
The man’s eyes rolled up and he tumbled face forward onto the pavement and blood started flowing from his nose and mouth.  Millie’s defense had been furious and lasted only seconds.  
Millie breathing hard from the adrenalin rush sat down on the curb and took out her cell phone.  She called 9-1-1 for police and ambulance.  Two police cars arrived first.  
The first officer on the scene asked, “What happened?”
Millie responded, “This guy tried to kidnap me at knifepoint.”
Fire rescue arrived and two EMT’s exited their vehicle and came to where Millie and her attacker were as an ambulance pulled up.  The man received medical attention to stabilize him and was taken away in an ambulance handcuffed to the gurney.  An EMT worked to stop the bleeding on Millie’s left arm.   As the adrenalin started to wear off Millie realized she had two defensive wounds and they were really starting to hurt.  
An EMT started bandaging them and said, “Those are nasty cuts.  You’ll need stitches.”
Millie nodded, “I think I’m lucky that’s all I need.  For a bit I thought I might need a pine box.”
The EMT looked at her but said nothing as a police sergeant watched and listened.  The EMT finished dressing her wounds and she was taken to the hospital for treatment.  Her wounds did require stitches.
Millie was sitting on a treatment bed staring at the floor when the police sergeant came into the room.  The Sergeant took a seat and said, “I’m Sergeant Emmerson.”
Millie looked up and said, “I’m Millie Boyd.  I’m pleased to meet you.”   She offered her right hand and they shook.  
The Sergeant asked, “What weapon did you use on the man.”
Millie answered, “Hands and feet.  Oh and I swung my backpack the first time.”
The Sergeant asked, “Is your story that you took down that big man by yourself using only your hands and feet?”
Millie said, “Yes.”
After being treated, Millie was taken to the station to make a formal statement.  The officers had a hard time accepting Millie had taken down the big man alone.  She had to repeat her story several times.  They kept her there for some time.  
By four in the morning Millie was getting tired and said to the officer interrogating her, “Either charge me or let me go home I’m tired and I’m sore.  This is ridiculous.  A man tries to kidnap me, probably the serial rapist, and I’m the one getting the interrogation.  What’s wrong with this picture?”
Sergeant Emmerson was behind the glass watching the interrogation.  An officer came in.  “The man in the hospital is probably the serial rapist.  We’ll know for certain when the DNA results come in.”
“You’d better let her go.”
The officer asked, “Do you really think she did that big guy by herself?  He’s six two and built like an ox and look at her.”
The Sergeant just shrugged, “We can’t prove otherwise.  Stranger things have happened.  Her story checked out.  She was probably trained to protect herself and her defensive wounds match her story.”
The officer added, “If she did that much damage to her attacker maybe the rumors about her are not just wild talk.”
Emmerson said, “Maybe.”
Millie was sitting in the interrogation room when an officer came in and said, “You can go now.”
Millie said, “Good but I’ll need a ride back to the campus to get my car.”
He said, “Of course.  I’ll take you.”
Millie had to make the thirty minute drive home with her arms throbbing with pain.  It was almost sunrise when she got there.  By then she was dead tired so she took some aspirin and went to bed. 
 She woke at midday to a persistent knock on her door.  Millie got out of bed and took her weapon off the nightstand and went to the front window and peeked out.  She recognized the reporter and did not answer the door.  Her land was posted “No Trespassing” so she called the town cop and went back to bed.
Millie stayed home all day but by Wednesday she was just about out of food so went to the local diner to eat.   Her friend Doris came to serve her with a coffee pot in one hand and a newspaper in the other.
Doris said, “Did you hear the news.  It is official the reformers have been sworn in.”
Millie said, “Good.   Them others were about as useful as mud-flaps on a turtle.”
Doris turned the cups on the table over and poured coffee.  She asked, “Have you seen this week’s paper?”
“Nope.”
Doris smiled, “You are front page news.  It tells how you single handedly took down the suspected serial rapist.  It is bigger news than the election and swearing in of the new City Council.”
Millie said, “I doubt Anna will think so.”
Doris said, “You are probably right.  I think she will be a good Mayor though.”
Doris gave the paper to Millie who read the headline, “Co-ed Thwarts Attempted Kidnapping.”
Millie looked up and saw another friend coming.  Millie said to Doris, “Speak of the devil.  Here comes Anna now.”  Millie waved, “Hi Anna.”
Anna sat down and said, “Hello ladies.  I hear you are a hero Millie.  Who is competing to hire you?”
Millie said, “Nobody.  I think I’m going to starve.  I don’t have much money left after going to school all this time.”
Anna said, “If you need a job the City will need an office clerk.  Want the job.”
Millie said, “Oh yes.  I’ve become used to eating.”
So it was that Millie went to work for the little City of Safe Haven Harbor.  It turned out that the man who had accosted Millie was indeed the serial rapist and there were more headlines including one that read, “Co-ed Bags Serial Rapist.”  Millie was able to avoid talking to reporters and so for the next several months was able to lead a quiet life.  The only two exciting things that happened were her graduation ceremony and her testimony at the serial rapist’s trial.   Millie had no idea how much things were about to change.
It all started when the City ran short of money and had to lay her off and then her sister-in-law died.  Her life had seemingly fallen apart.  Her brother Shamus did not take his wife’s death well.  So it was Shamus finally got on Millie’s last nerve and he should have known better.
Millie screamed it, “What do you mean I don’t understand!  She wasn’t just my sister-in-law; we were best friends.  How dare you!”
Shamus knew he had gone too far and was flirting with danger so he hung his head, “Now, now, you know I didn’t really mean it.”
Millie was furious!  She and Shamus’s wife Cathy had been so close that the pain of her death was like a knife through Millie’s heart.  There was physical pain.  She knew how Shamus must feel losing such a wonderful wife but that did not give him the right to bully her and she wasn’t going to have any of it.
Millie let it all go, “You are doing it again, just like when our ma died.  Hiding in the bottle and getting mean is no way to grieve and it’s dangerous.”  She snatched the bottle from the table before Shamus realized what was happening and she ran out the back door into the night throwing the liquor container against the nearest tree.  It didn’t break.  Now all her fury was focused on that bottle.  The back porch light cast on it and it glittered like a snake in the grass; it lay there mocking her.
She marched over and picked it up.  It was still partially full and she swung it with all her might against the tree.  The force of the impact reverberated up her arm and it hurt.  It still did not break.  Now she was beyond furious.  She emptied the bottle on the grass and went into the garage, laid it on the concrete, grabbed a hammer and broke the bottle.   She invested all her fury in the process breaking it into small pieces as the glass flew everywhere. When it was in a million little shards, she smiled with satisfaction.  The satisfaction didn’t last long.
Millie heard the car throwing gravel as it tore out of the driveway.  She ran to the front of the house to see the taillights of her car disappear.  She knew where Shamus was heading and he was in no shape to be driving. How dare he steal her car!  She started walking toward Joe’s Pool Hall.
Shamus was sitting at the bar nursing a beer chaser for the whiskey he had just downed when a determined Millie stormed in.  Shamus did not notice her coming.  He felt the tap on his shoulder and swiveled on the chair.  Sitting there he was just the right height.  She cold cocked him.  The power started from Millie’s legs through her pivoting hips and the vicious right uppercut took him squarely and he dropped off the stool like an anchor dropped in the deepest part of the lake.  She saw him go down as though it was in slow motion.
Millie turned to the men at the pool tables, “It seems my brother has had more to drink than he could handle.  Would a couple of you stout fellows help me get him in my car?”  She bent over and took her car keys from his pocket.
Everyone in town knew Millie and two volunteers carried Shamus and unceremoniously stuffed him in the back seat.  Millie drove back to her place, left Shamus in her car and went inside.  She flopped across her bed and cried herself to sleep.
She woke to the sun shining in her window.  Coffee, she needed coffee.  She made some and sat at the kitchen table savoring it.  She heard the car door slam shut.
Shamus staggered through the door lamenting, “Man, I must have really tied one on last night.”    He abruptly turned and ran back outside.    Millie could hear him throwing up and she hoped it was on the lawn.  She was not in a cleaning mood today.
She went to the bathroom and locked herself in and showered.  It was a long hot shower.  Her tears mixed with the shower water.  She stayed under the shower head until the water started telling her the hot water tank was just about drained.  She got out, dried her hair, brushed her teeth and dressed.
Outside she found her brother was asleep curled up on the porch floor.  She left him there.  She took the wad of one dollar bills from her pocket.  She had exactly thirteen dollars left to live on until her unemployment check came.  Screw it, she thought.  Her car had a full tank of gas so she could get by.  She drove to the Hi-Way Diner and treated herself to breakfast.
Doc Wooster came in and saw her sitting alone.  “Like some company?”
Millie frowned, “Suit yourself.  You look horrible Doc.  When was the last time you got some sleep?”
Doc commented, “Well aren’t you Miss Congeniality today?   How’s Shamus doing?”
Millie shrugged, “Same as last time only worse.  I am really worried about him.”
Doc smiled, “Heard about last night.  Does he need medical treatment?  Rumor has it he was decked by a certain red headed package of fury he should have known better than to cross.”
Millie shrugged, “I don’t think he has a broken jaw.  He was talking just fine this morning.”
The waitress came and Doc greeted her, “Good morning Doris.  I’ll have the usual.”
She smiled a come-hither smile, “Sure thing Doc,” and went to put in his order.
Millie couldn’t resist, “You know she’s got a thing for you Doc.”
Doc shook his head, “Naw, she’s just being polite because I’m a good tipper.”
Millie sighed in disgust, “Men can be such blind jack asses.”
Doc laughed, “Millie, I’m shocked by your language.”
Millie gave him a stern look and a finger, “Doc, go …”
Doc interjected, “Don’t Millie!”
Millie went back to eating.
Doc really felt for Millie.  He liked her and her brother.  They were nice people who had been weighed down with too much tragedy.  Their father had drowned when they were youngsters.   Their mother, the beloved town saint, had died before her time of cancer just a few years ago. Then it happened, Millie’s husband Tom was killed in Afghanistan a couple of years back and now Cathy.
Doris brought Doc his food.  “There you go honey.”
Doc smiled, “Thanks Doris.”
Millie gave Doc a knowing look as Doris walked away. “Told ya.”
Doc in a weak defense and knowing it wasn’t true as soon as he said it, “She calls everybody honey.  Besides, what would a sweet thing like that want with a balding paunchy guy like me who works all the time?”  In spite of his protestations, Doc was not altogether bad to look at.
Millie laughed, “Doc, for such a smart man sometimes you can be as dumb as a box of rocks.  Here’s some advice for the lovelorn.  Doris is a sweet hard working woman who has never married because most of the men in this town are scared to death of an attractive woman who has brains.  She is one of the few successful business women in this town and doesn’t need a man to take care of her.  You figure it out, in other words get your head out of …”
Doc interrupted again, “Don’t say it Millie.  You promised your ma you would clean up your language.”
“That’s playing dirty Doc.”
“Yes Millie.  But you know it’s true and you can do better.”
Millie smiled.  Doc had cheered her up in spite of herself and for that she was grateful.  “Doc you should coach a cheerleading team.”
Doc smiled, “Thank you for the encouragement Millie.  I will now double my efforts to help you be more lady-like.”
“Oh give me a break Doc.”
Doris came to the table, “More coffee Doc?”
“Yes please Doris.”
Doris poured them both another cup and smiled, “Anything else?”
Doc smiled his charming smile, “As a matter of fact yes.  How about letting me take you to dinner in the big city Friday night?”
Doris smiled, “It’s about time.  I almost gave up on you.  Friday though is my busiest night, so how about Saturday night?”
Doc beamed, “Wonderful, I’ll pick you up at six if that suits?”
Doris nodded in agreement, “That will work out just fine.  Sorry Doc but I have to get back to work.”
Doc watched her walk away.  Millie saw the look of admiration on Doc’s face and couldn’t help herself, “As they say in football, nice backfield in motion.”
Doc laughed.  They both enjoyed the coffee and exchanged pleasant small talk until Doc excused himself to go home and get some sleep.  Millie sat there for a few minutes nurturing her coffee.  She was at loose ends for the first time in her life and did not know what to do.
Doris slid into the booth opposite Millie.  “The rush is over.  Doc sure is a shy one when it comes right down to it.  As Doc Wooster he is really outgoing, just as himself he is cutely introverted.  Go figure.”
Millie looked in her coffee, “Men are like that.  You may know them but sometimes it seems they are what they do.  If and when you get past that you can really start to know them.”
Another surge of customers started arriving and Doris rose, “I have to get back to work.  See you later.  Oh, and by the way, if you want to come and eat here until your unemployment comes I’ll run you a tab.  I wish I had a job for you.”
Millie got up and hugged Doris, “You are a good friend.”
Millie drove down to the lakefront public pier where there was a bench and sat there watching the waves come in.  She was determined to enjoy the sunny day for just a little bit.  There was a slight breeze coming in off the lake.  Fishermen were still using the public launch site to get their boats in the water.  The parking lot was already half full of parked trucks with empty boat trailers behind them.
A small private plane on floats flew low over the lake on a landing approach near the marina.  Millie watched it gently set down on the lake.  There were a number of such planes that were based at the marina.
Millie remembered fondly all the fun times she and Cathy had enjoyed together on or around the lake.  They had fished, swam, hiked, and picnicked together with each other and together with their husbands.  She had been the best kind of friend.  Millie missed her.  The sun was getting bright and red haired freckled Irish lasses burned too easily and she had no sunscreen on so she headed back to her car.
Millie went home. Shamus was not there.  She needed to find something to keep her occupied so she could think through what to do next.  The outside of the clapboard cottage she called home needed painting.  She could not afford paint but it didn’t cost anything to start scraping off the old paint for she had everything in the shed she needed to do that.  She would start at the top and work her way down.
She was up on the ladder scraping away when one of the volunteer fire department’s “retired” members came.  These were the volunteers who had gotten too old to actually fight fires but now assisted as fire volunteers to direct traffic during fires and accidents.  He had on his fire department fluorescent vest.
He called up to her, “You need to come Millie. Shamus has had an accident.”
Millie climbed down the ladder and while coming down she yelled, “Is he alright?”
“I don’t know.”
She followed in her car to the accident scene.  It was a mess.  She left her car parked in the road and ran to the scene.  Her brother and another man were lying on the side of the road.  Shamus looked dead.
Wes the volunteer Fire Chief approached her, “He’s alright Millie.  He’s dead drunk and passed out.”
She went to her brother and examined him.  There was a half bottle of liquor by his side.  “What happened?”
Wes shrugged, “Looks like your brother crossed into the oncoming lane and hit this other guy head-on coming around the bend.”
Millie started to say something that was not lady-like and caught herself.  “That’s not good.  The other guy alright?”
“He’s hurt.  Looks like a broken leg and a concussion.  I hope that’s all.”
Millie looked at the man and the way his leg was bent it was obviously broken.  The fact that he was unconscious worried Millie.  Her brother was in enough trouble.  His old truck, a salvaged dump truck was unlicensed and it now looked like a part of the half ton it had mangled.  To make things worse, she knew Shamus did not have a current driver’s license or insurance.  He never went anywhere except in the boat.
The Police Chief arrived.  Actually Ned was the only police officer the town employed so the council had thought they might as well call him Chief.   The best that could be said about him was that he did a barely competent job.
Ned took some statements and pictures, bagged the bottle as evidence, and took a pistol from the man with the broken leg.  Ned came over to Millie.  “Sorry Millie but I don’t have any choice.  I’m gonna take Shamus to county lock up after Doc examines him.  You know the routine from when, well you know.”
Millie nodded, “Yes.”  She thought to herself, you moron you had to bring up my ma’s death just after my best friend dies and this happens.
Doc showed up and things took their natural course and Shamus was stuffed into the police car and taken to the clinic.  It turned out that Shamus was alright and his treatment consisted of taking a blood sample and holding him for observation until he woke to make sure he did not have a concussion.  The other fellow was a different matter.
While she was in the waiting room Millie received a phone call. It was Anna the mayor.
 She asked Millie to help out as a personal favor.  She told Millie who the man was.  Millie did not know the man and exclaimed, “That was the new manager?”
“Yup!”
Millie took a deep breath, “Oh …” and she caught herself before saying it and said instead, “Oh my.”
Anna was one of Millie’s handful of friends and Millie could not turn her down so agreed to do as Anna asked.  She left the clinic.
Millie went directly to Bob’s Auto Repair shop.  The tow truck was still hooked up to the mangled pick up.  The old dump truck was already sitting in the yard.  Millie went into Bob’s office where his wife was working on the books.
Millie called out to her over the counter, “Hi Alice.  I came to pick up the things from the pick- up.  Anna asked me to unpack it for the new guy.”
Alice looked up, “It seems the least you could do.”
Millie was shocked, “What?”
“It’s a good thing they are taking Shamus to county for a bit.  Half the town is ready to lynch him.  We get this guy to agree to come and fix things and Shamus may have screwed it up.  I hope you can do whatever to make things right.”
Millie just said, ‘I’m going to get his stuff,” and stomped out and went across the yard.  Millie climbed up and retrieved the bags and boxes from the back of the pick-up.  There wasn’t really that much.  In the cab she found a laptop case and a small locked box behind the seat on the passenger side.  She took the registration and insurance papers from the glove compartment.  She stuffed everything into the trunk of her car.
Millie took the things to the rental cottage.  The cottage was a mess.  She went to the Town Hall and got some cleaning supplies, clothes hangers, and vacuum cleaner then went to work.  She stopped and got some food to prepare spending half of her remaining cash.  She went to her home and got what she would need to cook and serve a meal.  It took several hours to clean up the cottage and a several minutes to unpack the few possessions he had.  She left the laptop bag on a shelf in the master bedroom closet.  She thought to herself this poor guy travelled light and then concluded he must have more stuff coming when his furniture arrived.
She heard the truck coming.  She finished what she was doing and went to the porch.  The new manager was asleep in one of the chairs.  She went back inside and started cleaning the oven.  It was a mess.  She had finished the oven and the refrigerator and was cooking when she heard stirring on the porch.  She went to the door and watched the man struggle to get up.
Millie thought he was not at all bad looking and young.  He had an athletic body and wore a tight t-shirt and blue jeans which had been cut almost to the hip because of the cast.  He was wearing navy boxers.  For the first time in months Millie had lustful thoughts.  She stayed behind the door because she could tell she was blushing.
“You could have asked for help,” she said through the screen.  She saw him falling but there was nothing she could do.  One minute he was up and the next he was going face forward.  She burst through the door and went to him.  There was blood everywhere.  She tried to talk to him but he was unconscious.  She rolled him over and saw his face was a mess.  His nose was crooked; obviously broken.  There was no phone here and she had cancelled her cell service when she lost her job.  This guy might have one but she was not going to go fishing around in his pockets.  She considered the alternatives and went fishing anyway.   She blushed all the time she was doing it.  She found one but the battery was dead.
She went and got her car and pulled it up as close as possible to the steps.  As she wrestled him into the car she was thinking that he was heavy.  But he was nicely muscled.  She suddenly found herself wondering what it would be like with his weight on top of her.  She realized she was blushing again even though there was no one to see and pushed the thought out of her mind.  When he was finally in the back seat she put his crutches in the car and took him to the clinic.
Babette was the one who took him from the car and put him in a wheelchair.  She wheeled him into the clinic.  Millie was sitting in the waiting room when the call came into the clinic.  Babette came and told her there was a call.  It was Anna.
“Well Millie it seems we have a problem.”
Millie hesitated a moment, “We?”
“Yes, half the town has been calling my cell and they’re ready to lynch your brother.  He started it all they say.  He’s responsible for everything that followed.”
 Millie was starting to get her hackles up. “Just a minute Anna, I don’t like where this is going.”
“That may be Millie, but we need you to go there.  I need your help to keep a lid on this.  I’ll owe you one.”
Millie took a deep breath, “I am not a happy camper Anna.”
“Happy or not Millie, we, I, need you to go camping.  Will you do it?  Will you help him out until he is at least partially recovered?”
Millie did not respond.
Anna asked, “Well Millie?  Will you?”
Millie was reluctant, “Ya, but under protest.  I am not happy about it.”
“Good.  I owe you sister.”
Millie said firmly, “You sure do.”
Millie had reluctantly agreed but now she was angry at herself for doing so.  What kind of doormat had she allowed herself to become?  Sometimes she had no problem with the two letter word NO!  Why hadn’t she used it with Anna?
*****
Mitch thought how strange it was to be starting his career in a place like Safe Haven Bay.   In spite of his feeling of being somewhat like Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz, he was enjoying the pleasant morning drive along the winding lakefront road from Longview to Safe Haven.  The community he was going to was as far from the life he had been brought up in as Oz was from Kansas.
It had been an unusual series of events that had led to his being hired as City Manager of Safe Haven.  He had been the only one interviewed for the job partly because no other qualified candidate applied, probably because they could not afford to take the salary offered.  The other part had something to do with the political influence his uncle had in this part of the country.  His contemporaries had “tons” of student loans and the prospect of working for Safe Haven was out of the question.  Students graduating with a Master of Public Administration Degree were looking for greener fields.  Experienced professionals were unlikely to give Safe Haven a thought, especially given the desperate situation the city was in.
Mitch had an abundance of political experience thanks to the summer and other internships his uncle had been able to arrange.  He had been told for a new college grad his resume was quite impressive.  The fact that Mitch had an undergraduate minor in accounting sealed the deal as far as the new Mayor of Safe Haven was concerned.  The Council vote to hire him had not been unanimous.  One councilor had voted against him.
Mitch was not naïve.  His O’Keefe name carried a lot of weight.  His father and uncle had inherited money and been successful in their own right.  They had been state and federal legislators for the area for decades.  When Mitch’s father died in a car accident, his uncle had taken him in.  Mitch’s mother had passed of cancer six years before his father.  Mitch’s uncle Stan had only daughters and Mitch had become the son he never had.  Mitch had been lavished with the best education and experiences to prepare him for political life.
It was not that Mitch needed the financial support.  His father had left a large estate and his life insurance proceeds alone had been five million dollars.  His father had structured the will so that Mitch had an annuity that guaranteed a life income and a trust fund over which he had gained control on his last birthday.  Mitch was very frugal and no one at university would have expected he was well off.  He had squirreled away most of the monthly payments he had received because his uncle had paid for his education.  The truck he drove was a graduation gift from his uncle.
Mitch was no slouch living off the sweat of his father’s life work.  He had graduated early from a private high school, been accepted at a prestigious university and finished his undergraduate degree in three years. He had worked for two years as an unpaid intern for a senator before returning to grad school from which he graduated with the highest honors.  Mitch did act and appear older, so most people assumed he was   He knew that his name would only open doors for him; once through them he had to deliver.
Nearing his destination Mitch came around a sharp curve to find a truck coming toward him that was half on his side of the road.  It was a narrow road and Mitch slammed on the breaks for there was nowhere to go.  There was a rock cut to the left and a drop off to the lake on the other.  He could hear the chatter of the anti lock brakes.  The air bags hit him with tremendous force and he felt like he had been punched by a professional boxer and then he lost consciousness.  
The volunteer fire department arrived within minutes for the accident had occurred just a half mile outside Safe Haven.  They had to use the Jaws of Life to get his vehicle door open.  Well actually they didn’t for they could have just taken him out the passenger side as that door had flown open in the accident.  It was obvious the truck was totaled anyway so the boys just figured they had their first opportunity to use their new toy.  It was a marvelous thing they all agreed after using it.
Mitch came to just as Doc Wooster arrived.  The firemen had taken Mitch out of the truck carefully.  Carefully being they yanked him out without dropping him on his head.  They sat him down at the side of the road.
Doc Wooster came running, “How many times do I have to tell you yahoos to use proper procedure in removal.  I must have shown you a dozen times.”
Wes the Fire Chief tried to calm Doc, “Now Doc, don’t get your boxers in a wad.  It’s fer sure he has a broken leg and a slight concussion, nothin’ more.”
Doc Wooster was shaking his head back and forth vigorously, “And where did you get your medical license?” Doc asked then started spouting expletives as he was apt to do when he was frustrated and exhausted.
Sitting beside Mitch was a man with a bottle of whiskey in his hand and reeking of whiskey.  He turned to Mitch, “Sorry about that,” and then fell over dead drunk.
Doc examined Mitch and said, “You’ve got a broken leg.  Does it hurt?”
Mitch looked at the doctor, “You daft ninny of course it hurts.  It’s broken!”  Mitch moved a little and then feinted.
He woke up on a treatment table at the clinic.  He struggled to sit up and saw his right leg was in a full leg cast.
Doc Wooster came in, “Are you in better humor now?  Should I put you back under?”
Mitch asked, “How is the driver of the truck that hit me?”
Doc smiled, “He had a bit too much of the white lightning to be hurt.”
Mitch exclaimed, “A bit too much!  If that was a bit too much, I think your definition of dead drunk would mean literally dead, as in dead as a corpse.”
Doc looked at Mitch seriously, “I can understand your upset at the loss of your vehicle and the injury to your leg, but you have to take into account Shamus’s circumstances.”
Mitch was dumfounded, “Why?”
Doc looked at Mitch, “Reasonable question.  Shamus’s wife was buried three days ago.  He started drinking the next day.   We expect he will be sober tomorrow and stay that way for years.  The last time he got drunk was when his ma died.”
Mitch could think of nothing else to say, “Oh.”
Doc nodded, ‘Ya.  I hope you have collision insurance because I’m quite sure Shamus did not have any insurance.  I suppose he won’t be driving though for a long time.  The Police Chief already took his license.  It turned out he had not renewed it and it expired eleven years ago.  Everyone will just make sure he does not take to the road for a couple of years and he will have to go take a proper driver’s exam to get a new license.”
“Won’t he be charged with driving under the influence?”
Doc shook his head no.  “Everyone knows what needs to be done.  Municipal Judge Murphy will hear the no contest plea to a lesser charge and order Shamus to pay a fine, not to drive for a couple of years and put him on probation all legal like.  You will have the report for your insurance company showing the uninsured driver who hit you was responsible.  You get to go buy a new truck and Shamus goes back to being a fishing guide.”
“What about my leg?” Mitch asked.
“Give it a little time.  It was a clean break and in a few weeks it will be good as new.   In the meantime, you will need the crutches my assistant Babette will give you.   By the way I’ve been told someone took your belongings to your rental cottage.”  Doc handed him some pills.  “Take one of these pills for pain as needed and no more than one every four hours.   You’ll need to drop by to see me in a couple of days.  By the way, the Mayor is away on business and said you could take the rest of the week off and start next Monday.”
Mitch realized as he got up it was gone. “Where is my pistol?”
Doc shrugged, “Ned, our only policeman, who fancies himself Police Chief of a department of one, took it.”
“Why?”
“You’ll have to ask him.”
Mitch shook his head, “How am I going to get around?”
Doc shrugged, “I’ll guess you’ll have to hire somebody to drive you.  Shouldn’t be hard because lots of folks are out of work with the economy being the way it is.  Babette will drive you home.”
Now Babette was not the petite little French woman her name would imply.  She was a two hundred pound Amazon who looked like a female Russian weight lifter he had seen at the Olympics.  She was a massive six footer and probably the homeliest woman Mitch had ever seen.  She was also the most pleasant and bubbliest person he had ever met.  She brought him some crutches which he used to hobble to her truck.
It might as well have been Mount Everest.    There wasn’t any way he was going to be able to climb into the elevated four wheel monster truck Babette drove.  She opened the passenger door, took his crutches and leaned them against the truck then gently lifted him, all one hundred and eighty pounds, into the passenger seat.  Mitch thought that perhaps she had been an Olympic weight lifter.
On the way to the cottage Mitch told Babette he was sorry but he had to make a call.  He called his insurance company to report the accident.  He gave them details and they said they would send an adjuster and call the police for a copy of the accident report.
He arrived at the cottage to find someone was already there.  Babette looked at Mitch and shrugged, “Millie is unpacking your things.  The Mayor arranged it to help you out.”
Mitch found he could get out of the truck himself as long as he didn’t worry about his dignity.  He hobbled around to the front of the truck trying to get used to the crutches.  Babette had thought to help him but had let him do it on his own.
He smiled at her, “Thank you for the ride.  It was generous of you.”
She smiled, “No worry.  Doc will bill the insurance company for an ambulance ride.”
Mitch was not sure if she was serious.  He watched her drive away.  It seemed to him that he was like an alien dropped in some unknown culture on a planet far, far away.   The people here were entirely different from any he had ever met.  He awkwardly climbed the three steps to the porch and made it no further.  He sat down on one of the two weathered wood chairs on the porch.  The chair was comfortable with its high back.  He immediately drifted off to sleep.
He awoke to the most delicious fragrance.  The hunger was like a little child demanding feed me, feed me.  He started to get up and realized it was going to be difficult to get out of the chair with his broken leg.  He muscled his way forward in the seat until his butt was almost off the chair.   He brought the knee of his good leg as close to the chair as possible and using the strength of his arms pushed himself upright.  It was then he noticed the crutches had fallen over.  Mitch struggled to pick them up.  He finally got them under his arms when a voice came from the door.  It said, “You could have asked for help.”
Mitch looked at the source of the voice.  It was a cute petite red headed and freckled woman who could not have been much above “five foot nothing”.  He took a step toward her and everything went black.
Mitch woke up back in the clinic on a hospital bed.  He was in one of the six hospital rooms at the clinic.  Mitch remembered from his research that it was twenty one miles to the nearest hospital and the clinic served the two hundred and fifty full time residents of the community for most medical treatment.  His face was a mass of pain and he put his hand to his face to find touching it caused his eyes to tear up.  He was staring at the ceiling pondering the recent events when Doc came in.
“Well it seems I may have missed something.  It appears you have a concussion.  We are going to keep you overnight for observation.  You have a broken nose which has been splinted and two black eyes.  Oh, and a cut lip, but good news, you didn’t break any teeth.”
Mitch did not know if he should laugh or cry, “Yes, good news.”  He decided to cry.
“Now, now son, let’s not be a girlie man.”  Doc did not like displays of emotion.  A grown man crying seemed like an unacceptable criticism of Doc’s medical skills.  Doc being the movie buff that he was, wished right now Mitch could be like the Duke.  You never saw John Wayne crying.  In the movies a man would just bite down on a piece of rawhide while they removed a bullet with a hunting knife sterilized with hard liquor.
Doc was actually an unusually skilled physician.  Just about everyone in the community loved Doc as a person and for his work.   The problem was he had just gone thirty hours without sleep due to emergencies in the community.  He was feeling bad about missing the young man’s concussion.  To see him crying was almost more than he could bear.  It just happened; he sat down on the room’s only chair and started crying.
Nurse Peggy came to see what was going on and as soon as she saw Doc and Mitch crying she did an about face and vamoosed.  She knew Doc too well and didn’t want him thinking she had seen him break down.  The two men stopped about the same time.  Doc got up and left the room and Mitch drifted off.
Doc came to see Mitch the next afternoon and after reviewing his chart had him released.   Mitch was exhausted for he had been woken regularly all night to make sure he was alright.  Millie came in her car to drive him home.  Peggy trailed along as Babette pushed his wheelchair to the car.  Babette helped him into the car and Peggy reminded him to come back in a couple of days to check in with Doc.
Millie drove away in her eighty one Cadillac without saying a word.
Mitch looked at her, “Hello, I’m Mitch.  Who are you?”
“Millie.”
 “I appreciate your coming to pick me up.  I understand the Mayor had you unpack my things?”
Millie gave him an angry look, “I said I’d help out a little as a favor for the Mayor but I didn’t volunteer to take care of an invalid for several weeks.  That is just a little too much to expect don’t you think?”
“Who told you I would need taking care of for several weeks?” Mitch asked.  “If I did need help I would expect to have to hire someone.”
Millie shrugged, “Sorry, I thought you knew about it, maybe even started it.”
“Started what?”
“The community campaign to guilt Millie into helping.”
Mitch was really taken aback, “What in the world are you talking about?”
“Well, everyone knows you are coming here to try and save our town from bankruptcy.  Then Shamus rams you with his truck and partially immobilizes you.  Doc, who has saved the life of a member of every family living here, makes his first mistake in recorded history and you pass out and look like you went nine rounds with the heavyweight champion of the world.  So here I am, Shamus’s only relative and the community expects me to put things right by looking after you because my daft brother started the chain of events.”  Millie flung her arms in the air leaving the steering wheel unattended.
As they were now veering toward another head on collision Mitch screamed, “Millie!”
She grabbed the wheel and got the vehicle back in her own lane.  “Boy you sure are a nervous type.”
Mitch started laughing and couldn’t stop.  It really hurt for his face was really beat up so tears were streaming down his face.
“You city folk sure are a strange lot,” Millie pronounced.
Mitch laughed even harder between the gasps.
When they arrived at the cottage Mitch turned to Millie, “Look, I do need some help.  Can you recommend a housekeeper slash assistant I could hire.”
“What am I, fish guts?”
Mitch was horrified by the vision that brought to mind, “What do you mean?”
“Boy, you city people sure are slow.  Everybody hereabouts knows I am about the best cook in the county and unemployed.  Did you ever think to offer me the job?”  Millie felt a little guilty because the best cook in the county part was an exaggeration.  Everyone knew Joe at the diner was the best.
Mitch looked Millie in the eye, “What do you think I was doing when I asked for your recommendation?”
“You should’ve just come out and asked me.”
“You want the job?” Mitch said just a bit sarcastically.
“Not if you are going to be sarcastic.”
Mitch shrugged, “Suit yourself.”
Millie would not let it go, “What would I have to do?”
“Personal assistant stuff including cooking, cleaning, shopping, doing laundry, driving me around and stuff like that.”
Millie cocked her head, “How much you going to pay?”
“What’s fair for here?”
Millie winced, “Ouch.  I wish you had not asked that question ‘cause it sort of puts me at a disadvantage.  There would be a line up if you were to pay two fifty a week cash for a full timer.”
Mitch smiled, “Well seeing you’re the best cook in the county, how about two seventy five.”
Millie smiled, “Done.”
Mitch did not realize it at the time but he would gain big brownie points with many in the community for hiring Millie.  Hiring Shamus’s sister showed he was alright.  It never occurred to Mitch that it would also be the cause for much gossip.  Millie was a twenty seven year old attractive widow who had not had a boyfriend since her husband died.
Mitch had a little trouble getting out of the car.  He hobbled to the house followed by Millie.  He entered the cottage for the first time since he had rented it.  He was shocked for there was no furniture.
“What happened?  It is supposed to be furnished.  The lease says furnished!”
Millie shrugged, “The place was left filthy and when I was cleaning it up I just assumed you had your own furniture coming.”
“OK, I need a place to sleep so where can I buy a bed?”  
Millie looked concerned, “Closest place is twenty miles away.”
“Motel?”
Millie now was feeling really uncomfortable, “Same.”
Mitch had reached his limit.  He took his cell phone out of his pocket but it was dead. “I have a charger did you see it when I was unpacking?”  Millie went to the bedroom and got it bringing to Mitch.  He plugged the phone in and called the realtor who owned the cottage, “Marcy it’s Mitch.  The furniture that was in the house is gone.”
Millie could not hear what Marcy was saying.
“Marcy, with all due respect, it is not my problem that you had to sell the furniture to meet other obligations.  The lease specifically required the furniture in the cottage at the time was to be included.  The lease is now breached so I will drop by to get my deposit back.”
There was a pause.
“Marcy you can’t be serious.  Yes I expect you to return my deposit because you breached the contract, so you return the money or I guess I’ll see you in court.”
  There was a long pause and Mitch hung up.
“Unbelievable.  Absolutely unbelievable!”
Mitch turned to Millie, “Any chance there is a place in Town for rent?”
Millie shook her head no. 
“Well I guess it’s a thirty mile drive to Mountain View.  You can start earning your pay now.  You can repack my stuff.  Will your car hold up driving forty miles every day twice until I find a place?”
Millie shrugged, “Don’t know, it needs tires.”  She also didn’t know because it had been over a hundred thousand miles since she had rebuilt the engine.
“OK, take me to the motel in Mountain View, tomorrow you pick me up and we go to the closest truck dealerships so I can buy a new truck.  You will drive the truck once I get it.  Suit you?”
Millie smiled, “You’re da boss.  Can you give me money for gas? I’m sorta broke.”
Mitch pulled two twenties out of his wallet and handed it to her. Millie started packing his stuff.  There was a small lock box which Mitch took.  Millie did not see what he took from it when he turned his back.  Millie loaded his belongings into the car trunk and they both got in.
 Mitch turned to Millie, “Before we head out let’s go drop off the cottage keys at Marcy’s office and then go to the City Office.”
Millie drove to Marcy’s office and gave the keys to her receptionist and got a receipt for them.  She then drove to the large single story white painted building that contained the City Office, Meeting Hall, Police Station and Post Office.  Mitch hobbled into the part of the building that served as the City Office.  There was a man in the building packing records into boxes.  Mitch demanded, “Who are you?”
“Just getting a few things.” the man said.
Mitch now became demanding, “Leave it!”
The man turned toward Mitch and said in a threatening manner, “Who’s gonna stop me?  You?”
Mitch quickly pulled out the pistol, flipping off the safety, and held it at its side. “Yes as a matter of fact.  Go!”
The man left and Mitch turned to Millie, “You know him?”
Millie shook her head, “He is not from here.”
“There is a reason someone wanted these records out of here.  Where’s Ned?”
“Probably fishing ‘cause he’s not on duty right now.”
Mitch looked at her, “Does everyone know when he is working?”
“Pretty much.”  Millie thought for a moment, “I guess that’s not such a good thing.”
Mitch found a chair and sat down.  “It’s not good when you have only one police officer.  Why wasn’t the office locked?”
“It never has been.  I never felt that was right.”
Mitch sighed, “It seems that is going to have to change.  Please load all the records into the car.  They are staying with me.”
“Why don’t you leave them in the police evidence safe?  There is never anything in it.  I know where the keys are.”
Mitch was almost afraid to ask but he did.  “How do you know that?”
“I was the secretary here until the City ran out of money.  I have an Associate’s in Law Enforcement but everybody is prejudiced against short people as police officers so I took the job as secretary.”
“Who kept the financial records?”
Millie smiled, “The former Mayor, Ernie Bullman.  He is the bookkeeper at the marina.  He was mayor here for twenty two years.”
“Unbelievable!  Absolutely unbelievable!”
Millie was carrying the first box and said, “You seem to be saying that a lot.”  Millie finished loading all the records into the evidence locker.  She locked it and gave both keys to Mitch and wrote down the combination.  The large safe required both the key and the combination to open it.  
“Only two keys?” he asked.
“Yes, they are special and expensive so they never had any more made.  Only Ned and I know the combination.  Well you do now to.”
Mitch thought for a moment.  “Are there keys to lock the office?”
Millie shook her head, “Nope.”
Mitch asked, “Anyplace we can get some new door locks with keys?”
Millie laughed, “I bet you can guess how far we would have to go to buy some.”
Mitch replied, “Twenty miles, in Mountain View.”
They left and Mitch suggested they go to the diner for something to eat before they left.  While they were at the diner the man Mitch chased away went back into the office.  He looked for the books and statements but could not find them.  He prowled around and realized the evidence safe was closed.  He tried the door to see if it was unlocked but it wasn’t.  There was no way he was going to get it open without special tools, a lot of time, and a lot of noise that would attract a lot of attention.  He phoned the man who had hired him to report on what had happened and then left town.
 
 
Chapter 2 - Revelations
They arrived at the Mountain View Motel well before dark.   The room was clean and reasonably comfortable.  Millie suggested Mitch just unload the bags he needed and leave the rest in her car and she would leave it at her place for the time being.  He agreed.  She was an early riser and committed to pick him up at seven a.m. for they would have a long day.  After unloading, Millie immediately set out for home.  Mitch was very tired and slept well after taking a pain pill. 
He arose at six a.m. when the alarm went off.  His face felt like one big sore spot.  He took a pill, brushed his teeth and then shaved.   He showered with some difficulty with garbage bags tied over his cast.  At six forty Mitch was sitting on the bed packing his bags.  He was ready to go when Millie arrived five minutes ahead of schedule.  They went and had breakfast then went to the building supply store.  Mitch bought two keyed entry locks and dead bolts.  After discussions with Millie, they went to the local Wal-Mart where he bought a small refrigerator, a microwave, an air mattress and some other miscellaneous items. 
As they were headed to the check out Millie made a suggestion, “Perhaps you should buy me a card for my cell phone in case you need to contact me.”
Mitch stopped, “You just keep accumulating perks.  By the time you’re finished I’ll be broke.”
Millie shrugged, “Up to you.”
“Actually it is a good idea.”   He added a card to the purchase.
They next went to the local Chevy dealer.  A salesman came out to meet them as they pulled up.  Mitch struggled out of the car and took his crutches but remained leaning against the car.  The salesman walked around the car.  Mitch immediately disliked him because of his swagger and mannerism. Mitch usually did not respond like that.  
“Looking to trade up are you?”
Mitch replied, “Bring the sales manager please.”
“Oh that won’t be necessary.  I can help you.”
Mitch looked directly at the salesman, “Can you make a deal without the sales manager’s approval?”
“That’s not the way we do business here,” the salesman replied.
Mitch motioned to Millie, “To the Ford dealer please Millie,” and started to get in the car.
The salesman relented, “Wait just a minute and I’ll see if Charlie is available.”  Mitch nodded, “I’ll wait three minutes, no more.”
The salesman described Mitch to the sales manager as an uppity punk who had probably lost his last bar fight.  He would be trouble.
Charlie came out and offered his hand to Mitch, “I’m Charlie.”
“Mitch, this is my friend Millie.”  The men shook hands.
Charlie nodded at Millie. “How can I help you Mitch?”
“Do you have a Chevy truck in good condition, preferably four wheel drive, low mileage, one or two years old with some factory warranty left?”
“I have something close I’ll show you.  You have a trade?” Charlie asked.
“No Charlie I don’t.”
“I’ll show you what I have.”  Charlie walked slowly down the lot to a truck with Mitch following painfully on his crutches.  Mitch saw the truck was jacked up, modified with a roll bar with lights atop it and dings on the fenders.  Mitch guessed it was probably a repo from some young buck that had driven it into the ground.
“A real diamond for a young fellow like you,” Charlie exclaimed.
Mitch turned and started hobbling away.  Charlie called after him, “Where you going?”
Mitch replied, “To the Ford dealer seeing as how you don’t want to take me seriously.”
Charlie went back to the office without saying anything.  He did not need any grief from some young climber who probably couldn’t get financing for a ten year old beater.
Mitch was just putting his crutches in the car when another man pulled in driving a Yukon with dealer plates.  He nodded to Mitch and Millie who waved back.  He walked over to Mitch who was now sitting in the car.
 “Hi I’m Don.  How did you get hurt sir?” he said leaning into Mitch’s window.
In spite of being at least thirty years his senior, and in spite of the way Mitch looked, the man called him sir.  He also had a personal way about him that motivated Mitch to talk to him.
“I’m Mitch and this is my friend Millie.”  They all shook hands.  “I was involved in a head on collision day before yesterday and it totaled my truck.  I need a replacement.”
Don asked, “We didn’t have anything to suit you?  I can get just about anything you need with a few phone calls.”
Mitch told him he did not want to do business with the men he had met and then the kind of truck he was looking for.
“I’m sorry you were not treated well but perhaps I can make it up to you.”  Don thought for a moment, “I really don’t have exactly what you want.   I will make you a really sweet deal on a two year old model but brand new truck that I have not been able to sell because it is two wheel drive.  It would serve nicely if you are mainly driving the improved roads. If you’d like to see it I’ll get my golf cart and take you.”
Mitch smiled, “Let’s do it.”
Don nodded and left to get the golf cart which he came back driving at couple of minutes later.  Mitch and Millie climbed aboard.
On the way Don asked, “What do you do for a living Mitch?”
Mitch knew Don was trying to qualify him as all good salespeople are apt to do from habit.  “I’m City Manager for Safe Haven.”
They arrived at the truck and they got out to look.  It was really nice.
Don smiled, “It is a gentleman farmer’s truck and all dressed up.   I just haven’t been able to sell this one because it’s two wheel drive.  It’s a three quarter ton.  Everyone around here wants four wheel drive.  I guess it’s a macho thing.  Anyway, this one has a full manufacturer’s warranty being a new truck.”
Millie was intently examining the truck.  She opened the hood and was looking intently inside. Millie then went and looked under the truck.  Mitch was intrigued by Millie’s exploration.   When she got out from under the truck Mitch asked, “What do you think Millie?”
She turned to Don and started asking a lot of technical questions about the engine and the transmission.  Mitch did not understand most of it.  After she was finished she turned to Mitch, “I think it is a nice truck.  It won’t be cheap on gas but good for this size truck because it has the good tranny.   It has the tow package with transmission cooler. You take care of this and it should last a long time.”
Mitch agreed, “It is a nice truck.”  He turned to Don, “How much?”
Don told him and even without using his smart phone to check on the web, Mitch knew it was a really good deal. “I’ll take it if you will put a sprayed in bed liner in it and deliver it to Safe Haven.”
Don said, “Done.  Let’s go inside and do the paper work.  I can probably get you good financing.  When do you expect the insurance check?”
Mitch replied, “I have no idea.  I’ll just give you my personal check.”
Don just said, “OK.   I’ll have the truck prepped and the registration taken care of.  Alright if we deliver the truck tomorrow afternoon?”
“That would be good.  Just bring it to City Hall.”
When they were in his office, Don proceeded to complete the paper work while Mitch called his insurance company to arrange to cover the new truck and have an insurance card faxed.  Don would know if the check was good long before the truck was delivered.  Don was good at reading people, and he would bet money the check would be good.  Don wasn’t stupid; he was county party chair and knew the O’Keefe’s.  If this young man was one of them his check was as good as gold.
Charlie came to the office to give Don something. “Hi boss.  I see you met the young fellow.”
Don looked at Charlie, “Yes Charlie, I just sold him a new truck.  Cash deal.  Good commission you lost.  We’ll talk after I take care of this young gentleman.”
Charlie appeared a little nervous as he left the office.
Mitch looked at Don, “You the owner?”
“Yup, and I hope you will come see me personally when you need your next vehicle.  Of course if the City needs a vehicle I will be happy to supply a bid.”
Mitch smiled, “I’ll come see you first when I need something.” 
It was almost lunch time when they had finished the paper work.  Mitch asked Millie to make one more stop before they went to lunch.  Millie went in the shop with him.  Mitch purchased two boxes of ammo and ordered another pistol and bought a shotgun.
They went to lunch at a local restaurant.  The place was very nice.
Millie spoke first when they sat down, “Why you buying all the guns?”
Mitch smiled, “My grand daddy always said when you were in Indian Territory you could never have enough guns.”
Millie laughed, “Kind of racist don’t you think?”
Mitch smiled, “Not if you’re surrounded by Indians who want your scalp.”
Millie scowled, “You got something against Native Americans?”
“Nope, in fact it is a public secret that my great grandmother was Cherokee.”
Millie looked surprised, “That so.”
“But let’s keep it our little secret Millie. OK?”
“You da boss.  By the way, seeing as I haven’t been paid yet I guess it’s your treat.”
“Yes, and it won’t be the last meal we have here though I don’t plan to come back for several days.”
Millie looked at him, “Where are you going to stay?”
The waitress came and took their order before Mitch could reply.  Mitch then continued the conversation, “I am swearing you to secrecy.”
‘I know how to keep my mouth shut.  The things I could tell you about Safe Haven.”
“I plan to sleep at the office and eat at the diner.  I will shower at the fire hall.  As soon as I can find some affordable land I may buy a camper trailer for interim accommodation.”
Millie shook her head, “It would be easier to buy the cottage.  Rumor has it Marcy is going to have it foreclosed by the bank.  You could go over there and talk to them about it.  It will go cheap because there is no market in Safe Haven.  The real tourism boom has not yet reached this end of the lake.  Real estate around here is still a bargain though in a few years I predict it won’t be.”
Mitch thought about it.  Even if he ever left here, the cottage would make a good vacation home.  “Good idea.  Thank you.  I’ll look into it.”
After lunch they went to the bank.  It turned out that the cottage was already in foreclosure.  It turned out the amount owed on the property was not that much and in two days the bank could legally sell it.  Macy had no right to lease it.
Mitch said it, “Unbelievable.  Absolutely unbelievable!”
Millie smiled, “There you go again.”
Mitch offered to buy it from the bank for the amount owed.  They came to an agreement.  Papers were drawn for a sale contingent on the mortgage not being redeemed in the next two days.  Mitch wrote a check for half the purchase price to be held in trust.  The bank was happy to take a mortgage for the balance.  Unbeknown to Mitch, Don was the major shareholder in the bank and chairman of the board.  The bank officials already knew about Mitch’s finances because they had already been in contact with his bank regarding the check he had written for the new truck.
The banker suggested that Mitch open an account at the bank for his local dealings. Mitch did and transferred money into the account.  The bank made him some checks onsite using the City Hall address.  
It had been a productive day and Millie and Mitch headed back to Safe Haven.  Mitch had Millie put the microwave and bar frig in the break area of the Town Hall.  The air mattress was stowed in a cupboard.  The other items were put in the new break room frig or cabinets.
Mitch sat at a desk with a name plate on it that said Manager.  He took out his laptop and started up his wireless internet connection.   Because the area was a tourist area, there was excellent internet connection.  While he was online a man came into the office wearing denim jeans, a plaid shirt, and sidearm.  He had a badge on his belt.
“Hi, I’m Ned.  You Mitch?”
“Yes.”
“I had a complaint that you are going about carrying a concealed weapon.”
Mitch smiled, took out his wallet and pulled out his concealed carry permit and held it out to Ned.   Ned looked at it and handed it back.
Mitch smiled, “I found a man burglarizing the Town Hall.  He was the only one who knew about the gun.  Therefore, whoever the complainant is, that person is a co-conspirator.  I wish to file a formal complaint on the burglary.  Who made the complaint?”
“I am not going to tell you.” Ned said defiantly.
Mitch looked him in the eye.  “Ok.  Ned I am sorry to inform you that due to the financial situation the Town is facing, I am hereby laying you off.  The term of the layoff is indefinite.   Please give me your badge and gun.”
“You can’t do that!”  Ned looked at Millie.
Millie shrugged, “He’s the manager and he can.  Council gave him the authority.”
Ned sat down on another chair and the bluster was now gone.  “I need this job.  Mayor Ernie made the complaint.”
Mitch almost felt sorry for Ned.  “You are going to have to come to grips with the fact that Ernie is no longer Mayor.  Come back next week and I will let you know if the City is in the financial position to recall you.  By the way, please return my pistol.”   Mitch turned to Millie, “Will you please make out a receipt for the gun and badge and also a layoff letter.”
Ned complained, “How come the Town has the money to pay Millie and not me?  I will file a complaint.”
Mitch sighed, “Millie is my personal assistant paid out of my personal funds.  Ned you have a little time to think about the fact that you work for the people of this Town and who is governing and managing on their behalf.  I trust you will have an attitude adjustment when you come back next week.”
Mitch went back to work on his computer.   When Millie finished the paperwork and Ned left, she looked at Mitch.
He looked at her.  “I smell something fishy; pun intended.”
“I believe you are right.  You think something criminal?  ”
Mitch replied, “Why else the burglary attempt to steal the records?”
Mitch called the state police and spoke to a sergeant explaining the situation.  The sergeant said he would have a trooper come by to take a report in the morning.
Millie asked, “What now?”
Mitch replied, “How are you with a drill and screwdriver?”
Millie laughed, “It seems the job of a personal assistant is very diverse.”  She went out the back door to the City garage and fetched the needed tools.  With Mitch watching Millie installed the new locks on the front and back doors.  She tried them and they worked perfectly. 
“Millie, would you like to accompany me to supper?”
Millie smiled, “This job sure has a lot of perks.  I suppose I’m driving?”
“I gave the chauffer time off.”
“If you didn’t sign my paycheck I’d probably say something inappropriate.”
Mitch smiled, “I’m happy then that I sign your paycheck.  Oh, didn’t you want me to pay you in cash?”
Millie called him something inappropriate.
Mitch laughed, “My doesn’t Millie know some sailor talk.”
After locking the office they went to the Hi-Way Diner.
After supper Millie dropped Mitch at the office.  He locked the doors and inflated the air mattress.  Mitch pulled up the financial records on the office PC and started reviewing them.    He became lost in the work and the time flew by.  It did not take long to realize there was something wrong.  It was apparent that revenues should exceed expenses and the cash balance should be positive but that is not what the PC accounting software showed.    It was obvious that all revenues had been deposited to the bank account.  There were however some transfers for which he could not find any records indicating where the money had gone.  There was simply an asset suspense account offsetting the transfers.  He did however find two safety deposit box keys.  That would require some investigation.
Mitch knew that tomorrow would be a full day.  Another sixty mile trip round trip would be in order.
Mitch printed out the suspense account transactions and shut off the PC.  He put everything away and went and used the toilet.  He put his sleeping bag on the air mattress and took off his jeans and lay down.
        Mitch could usually fall right off to sleep but tonight his mind was racing.  The cute little red head kept popping in and out of his thoughts.  He finally drifted off.
*****
Millie rose as was her routine at five a.m. and was finished her exercise routine by six fifteen.  By six forty she had finished her coffee and was in her car and headed downtown.  Safe Haven had a winter population of about two hundred and fifty and in the summer time this rose to about twelve hundred.  There were a lot of cottages and the city limits were quite large.  Millie expected that someday the twenty acres her little cottage was on would be worth a lot of money.  Now, thanks to her late husband’s insurance it was free and clear though she was broke.  Perhaps if Mitch could get things straightened out with the finances, she could get her old job back as secretary at the office.
She went by City Hall.  She wondered if wonder boy would be awake.  He came out when she pulled up.   She watched him as he locked the door.  Not bad at all she thought to herself, nice backfield in motion.  She started to feel herself blush.  She got angry at herself for she was starting to act like a high school girl.
Mitch came and got in the car.  “You look a little flushed.”
“Just finished my workout,” she lied.
“Care to accompany this cripple to breakfast?”
“You buying boss?”
Mitch nodded, “Seeing as I haven’t paid you yet I guess I had better.  Call it a job perk.”
The Hi-Way Diner was not as busy as usual.  They took a booth and Doris came over to with a coffee pot and greeted them, “Good morning Millie, and who is this good looking gentleman?”
Millie laughed, “This is no gentleman.  This is my new boss.  Doris this is Mitch the new City Manager.  Mitch this is my friend Doris.”
Mitch smiled and offered his hand, “Being a friend of Millie’s recommends you highly.  I’m pleased to meet you Doris.”
Doris switched the pot to her left hand and held her right out for Mitch to shake.  Afterward she poured coffee, “We’re not busy right now so do you mind if I join you?”
Mitch motioned her to sit.  Doris turned over a cup and poured herself coffee.  “It seems Mitch that you really have not had a good first experience in Safe Haven.   Give us time though, we’ll make it up to you.”
It was not lost on Millie that Doris was sizing up Mitch and she felt a surge of jealousy.   Doris caught the look coming over Millie’s face and backed off on the charm.  You did not want to cross Millie. 
Millie was feeling a little flushed again for she realized that Doris had been in tune with her non verbal cues.  Millie was concerned about being too transparent.  She could not afford to wear her heart on her sleeve.  Things were just too complicated right now.
Doris looked Mitch in the eye, “I hope you are not taking advantage of my friend.”
Millie turned the brightest shade red imaginable and Mitch proclaimed, “Nothing like that has been going on!”
Doris sputtered, “I didn’t mean it that way.  I know Anna guilted Millie into helping you and I was concerned you were taking advantage of her good graces; I mean working her for no pay.”
Mitch relaxed,”Oh.  No, I am paying Millie to be my personal assistant.  She has already been an invaluable help.”
It was an innocent enough exchange between them but the trouble was that Phyllis the biggest gossip in the county was sitting nearby and heard just enough of the conversation to take the juiciest parts out of context and make it into something really newsworthy in gossip circles.  It started out as Doris accused the new City Manager of taking advantage of Millie.  He told Doris he is not taking advantage of her.  He is paying her.  You know what they call that.  By the time it had percolated through the community there were about six different versions.  They all revolved around Millie being a kept woman.
Millie, Mitch and Doris enjoyed the rest of the breakfast conversation where they got to know each other a little better.  Little did Millie know of the evil that was brewing in the background.
Millie had decided at least a dozen times before they got to City Hall that Mitch was not altogether unattractive.  Each time she thought about it she became aggravated with herself.  The pinned seam of Mitch’s jeans got caught up when he was getting out of the car and Millie had to go and assist him.  She was down on her knees untangling his pant leg from the passenger door kick plate that she had meant to repair but had not gotten around to.  It protruded just enough to catch the cloth.  Millie was again angry with herself because the predicament had caused her to blush again because of her proximity to the object of her growing lust.  She turned beet red when the bulging effect she was having on Mitch became apparent from her vantage point.
It was just about that time that Mable, the second biggest gossip in the county pulled in to go to the post office.  After her telephone conversation with Phyllis, she gasped and jumped to a wild conclusion as to what she thought she was seeing.  Millie was still unaware of the evil that was looming around her.
Millie was having trouble for the cloth had really gotten caught and tangled on the protrusion.  She heard a voice behind her, “Can I help?”  She turned to see Don standing there.  He offered her his pocket knife and she cut the pant leg loose.
Millie got up, “Thank you Don.”
Don smiled, “Always pleased to help a damsel in distress, especially when she is helping one of my newest customers.”
Don turned to Mitch, “I brought the new truck as promised.  I have it licensed and the registration and title.”
“Thank you Don.  That was quicker than I expected and you didn’t have to bring it yourself.”
Don smiled, “Yes I did.  It seems I am short staffed today due to some recent developments.”  He looked at Millie, “You impressed me yesterday.  Where did you learn about cars?”
“My pops, God rest his soul, my brother, and my husband Tom were all mechanics of one sort of another, either marine or auto.  I rebuilt a lot of engines and transmissions growing up.  That’s why my old Caddy is still running.”
Don spoke earnestly, “I’d like to offer you a job.”
“Doing what?”
“New vehicle salesman.”
“What does it pay?
Don smiled, “Two hundred a week plus commission plus company car, medical and 401k.  Realistically, I figure you could move enough units on average to make thirty five to forty grand a year plus benefits.  You already have the product knowledge.”
Millie looked at Mitch who nodded affirmatively, “I can’t match that.”
Millie turned to Don, “It is tempting, but I don’t relish working for Charlie and I can’t see myself as a car salesman, so I think I will pass.  Thanks for the offer though.”
Don came into City Hall with them and finalized the delivery.  He stayed to drink a cup of coffee then headed back to the dealership.  When he left a trooper patrol car pulled up and the trooper came into the office.  He took the complaint, statements from both Millie and Mitch and a description.  Mitch signed the complaint and both signed witness statements.
Millie was sitting thinking about recent events and listening as Mitch was talking on his phone to the bank manager when Ned came into the office.  He waited for Mitch to get off the phone.
Ned started the conversation.  “Hi.  I brought your pistol.”  He set the pistol on the desk and then the clip.  “I’ve been thinking about what you said and I had a long talk with my wife.  She agreed with you that I have gotten full of myself over the years.  This has been a humbling experience.  That’s all I wanted to say.”
Mitch got up and offered Ned his hand, “Talk to you next week.”  They shook hands and Ned left.
It was then that Anna called.  Millie listened in to the conversation as Mitch filled the Mayor in on what had happened.  He told her he expected to know more by the end of the day and would phone her.  Mitch then phoned the auditing firm and told them what he was missing and needed.  They said they would have copies ready when he got there and an appointment was made to talk to the partner in charge of the audit.
Millie looked at Mitch, “I guess we are going to Mountain View?”
“You betcha.”
Millie liked the new truck.  She had to shift the seat almost all the way forward but she loved the way she could see sitting up high in the truck.  It also was very comfortable.  She said it without thinking, “What are your plans?”
Mitch smiled, “First I am going to straighten out the office, then when I recover and she is no longer an employee, ask a certain petite red head for a date.”
Millie felt her face turn red.  Oh how mortifying!  She had to get control of that.
“Unbelievable.  Absolutely unbelievable,” Mitch declared.
She did not know what he was talking about, “What are you applying your favorite expression to now?”
“How deeply you blush.  Must be a redhead thing.  Will you go out with me?”
“What do you have in mind?”
“Dinner in the big city at a posh restaurant, but without dancing I’m afraid.”
Millie felt her body tingle, “Done.”
Mitch chuckled, “I think this beast is open enough that I can put my cast to the passenger side and drive with my left leg for the little travelling I will have to do if I fire you.  That way I can date you sooner. ”
Millie smiled mischievously, “If you fire me I may not be inclined to date you.  Don’t you think I am worth waiting for?”
Mitch did not respond and the rest of the drive to the accountants was made in silence.  Millie accompanied Mitch in to see the accountant.  Mitch was given the statements he wanted and he and Millie were led to the conference room where Mitch sat with the financial statements.
Millie was curious, “What are you looking for?”
“The unconsolidated statements of the various funds and to see if there is something I don’t know about.”  He motioned to her to come and sit beside him.  “You can help. This spreadsheet shows transfers into a suspense account.  I am looking for where the money went.  Look for the total transfer as a line item in one of the funds.  I’ll look at the most current set and you look at the previous year.”
Millie started from the back and soon found a match.  “Bingo.  The exact amount.”
Mitch leaned over, “Ah ha, that’s it.  And it is not a grant but a loan.  Great.”
Millie watched as Mitch looked for the schedule in the latest year. “There it is.  We’ve got it.”  In his enthusiasm he bent over and Millie didn’t realize what he was doing until he kissed her on the cheek.  She could feel herself turning red.
“Unbelievable.  Absolutely unbelievable,” Mitch exclaimed.
Millie didn’t know if he was talking about the discovery or her blushing and there was no way she was going to ask.  This was getting just too awkward.  At the same time it was not so awkward that she wanted to walk away from the possibilities.
Mitch added, “Now I know what to ask the partner.”
The meeting with the partner took less than half an hour.  Millie carried the financial statement copies and copies of certain documents from the audit file when they left the auditor’s office.  Those statements and documents had not been in the City’s files.  Millie was starting to see the big picture.  Boyfriend smarty pants had gotten to the bottom of things pretty quickly. 
Millie realized what she had thought.  He wasn’t really her boyfriend.  They hadn’t even been on a date yet.  She couldn’t help herself she started to turn red.  It was a good thing she was behind him.  He moved slowly because he was not yet used to the crutches and she hoped the redness would be gone by the time they got to the truck.  It had been a long time since someone had this effect on her.
Millie put the documents behind the seat. “I guess the next stop is the bank.  Now the suspense is building.”
Mitch smiled, “You betcha.”
Millie shook her head.  Now he had two repeating themes, “unbelievable, absolutely unbelievable” and “you betcha.”  It wasn’t far to the bank and it seemed they arrived almost as soon as they left.  Millie waited for Mitch to get out, then exited and locked the truck setting the alarm.
Millie knew there would be no problem with Mitch getting access.  She had not met him when he was hired, but had prepared the bank resolutions before she was laid off as the council knew Mitch’s first order of business would be to delve into the finances of the City.  When Mitch went to the receptionist to obtain access to the safety deposit box the manager came out to see him.
“Good to see you Mr. O’Keefe.”  The manager was smiling genuinely.  He liked the young man.  Besides, he was now a large depositor.
Millie anticipated what he would say before he said it, “Mitch, please call me Mitch.”
The manager motioned toward his office, “I need to have a private talk with you.”  Millie followed Mitch into the manager’s office.  “The mortgage on the cottage was redeemed this morning; it was an eleventh hour thing.  Marcy has apparently arranged a new mortgage.”
Millie watched Mitch and it seemed he was turning something over in his mind.  “As it is a matter of public record anyway, would you tell me who holds the mortgage?”
“It is Safe Haven Marina LLC”.
Millie looked Mitch, who nodded knowingly.   “The plot thickens.  Someone does not want me staying which makes me all the more determined to do so.”
Mitch rose, “Thank you, you have been most helpful.  Please just put the trust deposit into my savings account.”
The manager smiled and extended his hand, “Consider it done.  Is there anything else I can help you with?”
“Thank you not at the moment but soon.  All I need now is to get access to the City’s safety deposit box.”  Mitch shook hands with him.
The manager turned to Millie, “If there are any banking needs we can help with please, we would like to be of service.”
Millie thought he was very pleasant but she already had an account here and had been a customer for years.  It was apparent his charm was all about the money.  
Millie trailed behind Mitch as he crossed the lobby to the safety deposit box access.  A clerk came to see him, signed him in, and they went and fetched the box and Millie carried it into the room where they would examine it.
Millie wasn’t stupid.  She watched over Mitch’s shoulder.  It was a crafty enterprise they had uncovered and she asked, “Is it illegal?”
Mitch looked over his shoulder at her, “Yes illegal but not in a way that anyone would go to jail over it. They might and probably will be barred from holding public office but not likely do jail time; probably get just a slap on the wrist.  They will claim there was no criminal intent and that the City was secured.”
Millie knew what would happen, “But it will sure be a scandal.”  She anticipated what Mitch was going to say before he said it.
“You betcha.”
Mitch asked her to make some copies which she did.  They put the originals back in the box and watched it being locked up.
Millie said off handedly, “Don’t let anyone have unauthorized use of that box.”
The clerk replied, “Funny you should say that.  Someone tried just that thing at the beginning of the week but they were no longer authorized.  They had an extra key.  We only make two and I see you have two.”
Millie asked, “Who was it?”
The clerk had served the man for years and knew his name, “Ernie Bullman.”
Mitch looked at the clerk.  “We would like to change boxes.  Do you have another available?” 
The clerk looked in the book, “Let me see, yes we have one but it’s a little larger.”
Mitch said, “I want it.”
The exchange was made and Millie helped transfer the documents.  Millie carried the copies they had made to the truck.  They were no sooner in than Mitch was calling Anna.  “Mayor have I got a story to tell you.  The City is not broke, but it will take some time to get cash back in the bank.  I need your approval to take some actions that are likely to have political repercussions.”  Millie listened as Mitch told her what he intended to do.  Finally he said, “Yes, after you talk to the other three council members give me a call back.”
Millie had been around for a long time.  She knew why the fourth councilman could not be contacted based on what she had seen.  The management letter itself was pretty clear.  The matter had been kept under wraps.  Millie knew the Mayor calling the Council members was a violation of the open meetings law but she could see no way around it.  If anyone complained the Mayor would probably get a slap on the wrist.
“Well Mitch it’s lunch time.  Are you going to take me to lunch?”
He looked at her and smiled, “Is there a McDonald’s close by?”
Millie knew he was kidding but put a finger in her mouth and made a gagging sign.  Mitch started laughing and she couldn’t help herself she smiled.  “Well el cheapo boss now you know why I considered taking other employment as a car salesman.”  She drove to the B-BQ Pit.  She had decided the boss was going to buy her some ribs.  “You are going to buy me some ribs.”
Mitch was in a teasing mood.  “I want McDonalds.”
Millie was in the mood for some fun, “No problem I’ll take you there after I have some ribs.  You can wait here.”  She put out her hand palm up, “Give!”
“Unbelievable.  Absolutely unbelievable.  Ok, you win let’s go have ribs.”
Millie couldn’t help herself, “You betcha.”
Mitch rolled his eyes and then said, “Why not, we are celebrating.”
Inside Mitch asked, “What do you recommend?”
Millie sighed and smiled, “Definitely the rib plate.  They are to die for.”  That was what they both ordered.  Millie was hungry and tore into the rib plate she was served.  She knew Mitch was watching her as she ate.  The ribs were really good.  They came with all over your face sauce and they were finger lickin’ good!  
Mitch was obviously enjoying them to.  Between bites he mumbled, “These are great.”
Millie’s response was short, “You betcha.”  She had adopted the phrase now as her own and though she did not mean it to, Mitch saw it as a teasing and rolled his eyes.
He paused from his devouring of the ribs, “I want to ask you a personal question.”
Millie looked at him and responded quickly before taking another bite, “How is it that you eat like a marine and stay so petite.”
“Good genes and I work out.”
Mayor Anna called just as they were finishing lunch.  Mitch talked to her very briefly and then called an attorney the Mayor had suggested.  He was able to get an appointment that afternoon.  They had an hour to kill so Millie suggested to Mitch she take him to buy some loose shorts to make it easier on him given his full leg cast.  He agreed and off they went.  They were still at the lawyer’s office with ten minutes to spare.
At the appointed time Chris Boyd came out to greet them.  He went directly to Millie, “Hi Millie, good to see you,” and he gave her a big hug.  He turned to Mitch, “You must be Mitch the super sleuth,” he said with a smile.  Chris led them to his office.  “Anna told me you needed some outside help and the past City Attorney was not to be in the loop.  What can I do for you?”
Mitch explained the situation and what he thought was needed.  Chris reviewed the documents Millie gave him.  “I’m not a municipal law specialist but this is clearly a contract matter and right up my alley.  I would say, based upon a cursory review, you have assessed the matter correctly.  Let me do a comprehensive review of the documents to make sure I didn’t miss something.  I will call you tomorrow and if I don’t see any problems, prepare the necessary papers for Anna’s signature and get them to her.  After they are signed, I will have a process server deliver papers.  Is there anything else or any questions?”
Mitch shook his head, “No, and thank you for seeing us on such short notice.”
Millie looked at Chris, “It was nice seeing you, give my regards to Sue.”  Millie was a little remorseful that she hadn’t been to see Chris and Sue in almost a month.  She smiled and gave Chris a hug and felt a tear running down her face.  She thought to herself that she loved these people who had been so good to her.  
On the way down in the elevator Mitch asked Millie if Chris was related.  She explained that Chris was her deceased husband Tom’s brother.  Chris and his wife Sue were dear to Millie.
As they left the building and were going toward the truck, a car accelerated toward them.  Millie could see it had no intention of stopping and Mitch did not see it.  He was almost to the row of parked cars and she burst into a sprint and rammed him with her shoulder low on his back pushing him over and between two cars.  She did not quite make it out of the way and the racing vehicle just barely caught her and she was flipped up onto the hood of a parked car.  She lay there for a moment then everything went black.
The police and an ambulance arrived very quickly as did the fire department EMTs.  Mitch and Millie were in the hospital within seven minutes of the incident.
Millie woke because she felt like her whole left side was on fire.   She could hear herself moaning.   A nurse came and took her vitals.  She opened her eyes with some effort for they were very heavy.  Her vision was a little blurred but after a minute she was seeing clearly.  The nurse gave her a shot.  The intensity of the pain started to fade almost immediately.  She sighed heavily.  She heard a voice.
“Thank you for saving my life.”
Millie turned her head to the side and saw Mitch sitting there.  He had a cut on his forehead that had obviously been stitched.  The bruising on his face that had started to go away was now deeper.  She managed to squeak, “You look awful.”
Mitch smiled, “You should see yourself in a mirror.  You were lucky though.  You only came away with a dislocated shoulder and a lot of bruises and scrapes.”
Millie looked at him, “It feels a lot worse than that from in here.  It really hurts.”  She could feel herself drifting then she was asleep.  Millie had not noticed the police officer standing by the door.
The officer asked Mitch, “Can we talk Mr. O’Keefe.”
Mitch nodded, “Sure.”
“There were surveillance cameras on the building and they picked up this image of this man in the car that hit you when he was parked.  Do you recognize him?”  He handed Mitch a black and white photo.
Mitch recognized the man, “That is the guy who I caught burglarizing City Hall.  I reported the incident to the state police.”
“You don’t know who he is?”
Mitch shook his head, “No and Millie told me he was not from Safe Haven.  She is a lifelong resident and would know.  I guess this means that this guy was intentionally trying to run me down.”
The officer asked Mitch some questions.  He asked Mitch if he could hang around a while and Mitch told the officer he was being held overnight for observation because he had recently suffered a concussion.   The trooper radioed his station and had an investigator dispatched.  
The investigator visited Mitch and spent an hour with him.  Mitch explained the recent events.  The investigator prepared a statement which Mitch signed.  
It was then Mitch realized he had not phoned the Mayor.  He found his cell phone and called Anna.  He filled her in on what had happened.  She was horrified and very concerned.  Mitch suggested she phone Chris and have him hold up on serving the papers until the state police completed their investigation.  Anna said she was going ahead.  If they came after her she would give them something to remember her by.  She told Mitch she always carried a pistol but would warn the other council members to be careful though she suspected that Mitch was the main target because he had uncovered too much.
Millie struggled to force her eyes open.   There was some realization just there at the edge of her consciousness but she could not put her finger on it.  She forced herself to full consciousness.  Her body was screaming but she was not about to take more painkillers until she talked to Mitch.  She struggled to bend over and open the door to the night table but her cell phone was not there.  She rang for the nurse.
The nurse came in, “Are you in pain?  Do you need something for it?”
Millie thought no way. “No thank you, not at the moment.  Could you ask my friend Mitch to come see me, please?”
The nurse smiled, “I’ll tell him you’d like to see him.”
Mitch came in on his crutches and Millie noticed he had gotten better with the crutches so told him, “You are getting along better on those things.”
“One of the nurses adjusted them and showed me how to use them.  It made a big difference.”
Millie blurted it out without thinking, “Some pretty little thing?”
Mitch couldn’t help himself, “You betcha.”
Millie flushed and angry started to say something inappropriate when a matronly nurse came into the room.  She looked at Mitch, “I saw you coming down the hall.  I told you it would make a difference.”  The nurse took Millie’s vitals.  “You will be leaving us soon.”
When the nurse was finished she left and Millie tilted her head, “I wouldn’t have pegged you for one that prefers matronly cougars.”
Mitch did not take the bait; he smiled instead, “You summoned?”  He sat down in the chair closest to the bed.
Millie started, “We haven’t discussed it but here is how I see it.  Tell me if I missed something or got something wrong.  The former Mayor and Council gave loans to the Economic Development Commission to develop the tourist industry.  The problem is the City loaned way beyond what it could afford to.  The Economic Development Commission early after its inception stopped being an independent organization when the former Mayor Bullman and two of his cronies became the board.  On paper the loans were secured but there is a conflict of interest because a lot of the money went to Safe Haven Marina LLC which employs Mr. Bullman.  I bet we find that the other loans went to companies with ties to Bullman.  Have I got it right so far?”
Mitch nodded, “I see your years as secretary at the City Office gave you some insights.  You’re right on the money.  Pun intended.”
Millie continued, “So the accountant makes a big deal of this in the management letter but the Mayor and previous Council keeps it under wraps and the folks in the City like me are trusting of our long time Mayor, no one comes to the meetings, and no one asks to see those boring financial statements. Now we have a big time cover up over two decades.  So here is where it gets hairy.  The money apparently was used to buy property not to start businesses which somehow doesn’t seem kosher.  What’s that about?”
Mitch explained, “The charter of the Commission allows the loan of money for economic development including acquisition of property to be used for the establishment and running of a business, but using it for real estate speculation would be a “no no” for there is neither expected cash flow to repay the loan or any job creation.  When the economy went south and Safe Haven Marina LLC and the other LLC’s to which loans had been given, couldn’t make the payments, the Commission just kept rewriting the loans and capitalizing the interest, which is adding it to the amount owed.  That worked OK to balance the Commissions books but it meant the Commission did not have the money to pay the City.  The City council solved that problem by continually rewriting the loans to the Commission.  It meant however that the City did not have the money for basic services which resulted in the recent election turnover.  When Anna was elected Mayor and three of the four Council seats turned over it meant that suddenly the loan could not be rewritten in secret.  The City Attorney at the time had to be aware of what was going on.  Therein is a separate ethics issue.  In short, the Commission is in default on debt to the City and someone wanted to postpone the new Council dealing with the issue and buy time to refinance the most important assets.”
Millie thought for a moment.  “So how does the City get its money?”
Mitch smiled, “The City serves notice to the Commission that it is in default of its debt to the City and the City in accordance with the loan agreement with the Commission claims the assets.  Those assets are the mortgages and loans which are in default.  The City then forecloses on the Mortgages and sells the lands, chattels etc and moves to garnishee any bank accounts etc. of the debtors.”
Millie’s mouth dropped open, “It’s no wonder Bullman and his cronies did not want you looking into the City finances.  Does this mean I might get my job back?”
Mitch shook his head, “You’ve worked for me a week and already you are ready to take another job.  What am I, fish guts?”
“Mitch, I’m serious.”
He took pity on her, “Once the City has the assets they can be used as collateral for a loan until everything is sold.  I’d say it is just a matter of time.  Mayor Anna is taking measures to make sure all the appropriate steps are taken.  As they say, the human excrement is about to engage with the ventilation exhaust and be widely distributed.”
Millie quipped, “I always heard it as the, well you know, is about to hit the fan.”
Mitch shrugged, “You betcha.”  
Chapter 3 - Confrontations
Millie had been admitted late Friday and so, like Mitch, had spent the weekend recuperating.  Doc, Doris, and Shamus had come to visit on Saturday.  Shamus and Millie had made up as they always did.  Anna had visited on Sunday and had brought Shamus.
On Monday morning, Millie sat dressed waiting to be discharged.  She was feeling pretty good having spent the weekend in the hospital resting.  Millie thought about all that had happened.  It started when her best friend was buried a week ago last Friday, then the bar incident with Shamus on Monday, the accident Tuesday, the City Hall attempted burglary Wednesday, the hit and run last Friday.  Millie thought it was all a bit much.
Millie was discharged at the same time as Mitch.   Anna had come to pick them up and they all went to lunch together.  The found a booth where they could talk in private and once they were seated Anna started the conversation.
“I’m happy you are both alright.  You did a good job Mitch in piecing this together so quickly.  Your first week here was very eventful.  By the way, there is a special Council Meeting set for tonight which has a two item agenda.  The first is appointment of a City Attorney as the term for the previous incumbent expired shortly after my election.  The previous attorney may be suffering under the impression that he is being reappointed.  He will be disappointed.  The second item is a closed session item to deal with possible litigation.”
Millie was confused, “I thought meetings were supposed to be open and that was one of the election issues that the Council was not posting meeting notices or holding open meetings.”
Mitch nodded, “Under the open meetings law, sometimes called the sunshine law, there are certain situations where it is in the public interest and legal to have closed meetings.  This includes matters relating to contract negotiation, litigation matters, and personnel actions where it is in the best interest of the City to keep its strategy confidential or protect the privacy rights of employees.”
Anna looked at Mitch, “It should be an interesting meeting.”
Mitch was concerned, “Councilman Wright is also Secretary of the Commission.  Won’t he go running right to Bullman?”
Anna smiled deviously, “I suspect he already has.  He phoned me to ask about the agenda item.  I told him I had legal advice that there was some business having to do with some papers for the Commission.  The City Attorney whose contract will not, repeat not, be renewed called me to say there was a routine motion required regarding the Economic Development Commission.  I played dumb with Wright and told him the attorney was taking care of it.  He may have read into that what he wanted to hear.  He may be suffering from the misunderstanding that the only legal advice I had came from the same attorney that has been working with the Council for decades.”
  Mitch nodded understanding, “What about Amy, Ted and Mark?”
Anna shrugged and smiled, “I may have gone into more detail with those council members.  What do you plan to do next? ”
Mitch took a deep breath, a sort of super sigh, “I have a list of companies to which the Economic Development Commission made loans.  It will be necessary to know who the principles of those companies are.  This afternoon I thought I would find a place where Millie and I can get on the Secretary of State’s web site and look that up.” 
Anna thought a moment.  “Maybe Chris can provide a place and Millie can use my laptop.” 
Millie was curious.  “Have the police here made any progress on finding our burglar slash hit and run driver?”
Anna finished chewing and responded, “Not yet. They have that grainy picture of him from the surveillance camera and the vehicle that hit you was reported stolen not too far from where you were hit.  The owner did not realize it was gone until he was ready to go home and went to the parking garage to find his car gone.  It was dumped two blocks from where you were hit.  So far this guy is wanted on at least burglary, hit and run, and grand theft auto.  He’s on the county’s most wanted list.  There was a local crime stopper ad on TV showing his picture and offering a reward.  I was told he is probably long gone.  They questioned Bullman but have no real proof to charge him with anything.” 
After eating lunch Anna called Chris and arranged a place for the two to work.  She then took Millie and Mitch to pick up Mitch’s truck.  Millie and Mitch went to Chris’s office.  Sue, Chris’s wife was manning the reception desk.
“Hi Millie.  Chris is in court and the secretary went with him so I am holding down the fort.  Go right into the conference room.  There are plugs for your laptops along the wall.  Help yourself to coffee.”  The phone started ringing and Sue answered.
It did not take long to get hooked up and Millie started seeing a pattern.  Mitch on the other hand was missing the connections because he did not know the players.  He wrote down the principles of the companies on his portion of the list.  He saw Millie working furiously, “Finding something Millie?”
“Uh huh, give me a minute.”
Several minutes later Millie looked up, “Boy oh boy, you are not going to believe this.”
“Believe what?” Mitch asked.
“Look at my list. See the recurring names.  Now let me put that into context for you.  The three former council members were Josie Rand, Wally Hollinger and Randy Hopper.  Well, see Misty Wallace appears as a principle in several of the companies.  That is Josie’s wife using her maiden name.  Martin Wallace, Misty’s brother appears as a principle in several other companies.  It gets better because the Marsha Hastings you see is Wally’s wife using her maiden name.  Peggy Hopper is Randy’s wife and John Mitchell is her brother.  You will note that all but two of the companies on the list show these people in some combination as principles.  It seems though that they have no interest in the marina.”
Mitch whistled, “Good work Millie.”
Millie sat back and listened while Mitch phoned Anna and gave her the news.  She gave her permission to have Chris prepare the complaint to the State Auditor and to the State Attorney General’s office.  Millie spent the better part of an hour printing and copying documents.  She was just finishing up when Chris came back to the office.
Millie took lead in explaining to Chris the relationships between the parties and the various companies to which loans had been made.  She showed Chris the spreadsheet she had prepared and the print outs from the searches of the state web site of the Secretary of State and the narrative summary she had prepared with Mitch’s help.
When she had finished, Chris looked at Mitch. “This is a real can of worms.  It is going to be a major scandal.  It’s no wonder you have been targeted but nothing here is motivation for attempted murder.  There has to be something we don’t know.  What is the City proposing?”
Mitch explained what he and the Mayor had discussed.
“I’ll have to get a move on.  I’ll get the letter drafted so the Mayor can sign it tonight.  Tomorrow I’ll have it and the copies submitted to the state offices.   I will see you at the meeting at six thirty.  There was a flurry of activity as Chris, Sue and his secretary scurried about getting the letters ready and copying packages for the Council meeting.”
Millie left with Mitch to get a bite to eat.  By four forty Chris and Sue were headed to Safe Haven.
At a quarter of six Anna, Chris and Sue were hidden away in a corner booth finishing a light dinner in the Hi-Way Diner.  It was just one of those things.  Phyllis and Mable came in and sat down in the booth behind the group and started gossiping.
Anna put her finger to her lips to keep Chris and Sue from saying anything.  Anna listened to conversation Phyllis and Mable were having.  She made a writing motion but instead of getting a pad Chris handed her a hand held recorder.  Anna turned it on and laid it next to the partition between the booths where it caught every word the women said over the next twenty minutes.  It was clear that the two women were bragging to each other how they with malice had spread the rumors.  When the waitress came Chris did all the talking.  Anna was focused on the conversation in the next booth and it was all she could do to keep from losing her temper.  When the gossip turned to other things Anna turned off the recorder.  The group got up and as they passed the booth Phyllis and Mable recognized Anna and tried to make small talk but the Mayor gave her apologies and told them she had to rush to a meeting.   They left for City Hall.
The Mayor called the meeting to order at exactly six thirty P.M.  Present were all the Councilmen and the City Manager.  The Mayor welcomed the guests in the audience. The audience included the former City Attorney, Chris and Sue, Millie, Doris, Doc Wooster, and one unknown visitor. The meeting was called to order and those present recited the Pledge of Allegiance facing the flag standing in the corner.
The first item on the agenda was the appointment by the Mayor of a City Attorney for a two year term subject to the consent of Council.  The Mayor announced she was appointing attorney Chris Boyd as City Attorney and asked the Council to confirm the appointment by recorded vote. It was duly moved, seconded and passed by a three to one vote.  Under City procedures the Mayor only voted in case of a tie.  Councilman Wright was the one nay vote.  At this point the old City Attorney stomped out of the meeting room slamming the door behind him.
The Mayor then asked for a motion to move into closed session to consider a litigation matter and following passage of the motion asked that everyone else leave the room until Council came back into open session.  The new City Attorney started explaining the matter and Wayne Wright was shocked by what Chris had to say to the Council and the information he presented.  He took Council through the entire package and made his recommendations.  The Council approved the actions on a three to one vote with Councilman Wright the only nay vote.  He should have abstained for legal reasons.
The Council moved into open session.  At that time the visitors came back into the meeting room including the one unknown person who went to Wayne Wright and handed him papers which the Councilman took.  The man simply said, “Secretary Wright you have been served,” and left.
Wright opened the papers and was shocked at what he saw.  His first thought was that the Mayor had this all planned and ready to go.  There would be no more stalling and it was then that Councilman Wright knew it would all come crashing down.
After the Council meeting Anna took Millie and Mitch into her office.  She played the tape for Millie and Mitch who were stunned. 
Millie was furious, “I’ll punch her clock but good!”
Mitch smiled, “I have a much better idea.  It will be very effective.”  When he explained they all agreed it was a great idea.  After all the conversation had taken place in a public establishment and there was no expectation of privacy because they had obviously spread this all over town.  Of course Mitch could be sued, but then he would just counter sue for the damage to his professional reputation due to the slander that had been spread.  They went and had coffee at the diner after which everyone went home and Mitch went back to City Hall.
It was a bright Tuesday morning and as the late risers in Safe Haven got ready for work those who listened to the local radio station heard the detailed recorded conversation of Phyllis and Mable. It had cost Mitch more than a few dollars to run the “info” piece but less than it would have cost for litigation and this was much more effective and fun.  By mid afternoon the station was replaying the recording free of charge because of the flood of phone calls asking for its rebroadcast.
Phyllis was driving back to Safe Haven from her job in Mountain View when she heard the broadcast.  She became furious and put the pedal down and as she came around a turn she passed a cop car without realizing it.   The “county mounty” pulled a u-turn and came after her.
She saw the cop car in her rear view mirror.  She cursed and started to try to outrun the cop but once she realized that wasn’t going to work she pulled over.  The deputy came up to the driver’s window and politely asked for Phyllis to provide her license, registration and proof of insurance.  He leaned against the window his face almost in the car. 
She took out the documents and gave them to him. Phyllis had not been in a good mood to start with.
The deputy said it without thinking, “Oh, you’re her!”
 Phyllis became like the proverbial bull that saw red and she “cold cocked” the deputy with her right fist breaking his nose and sending him backward onto the pavement.  Phyllis was a big woman by any standard.  She sped off.  The officer got to his feet and on his radio.
Millie was now the focus of Phyllis’s burning anger. In her mind Phyllis saw all of this as Millie’s doing.   Phyllis did not see that she had brought this on herself.   She made the horrible mistake of going looking for Millie.  Phyllis thought she knew where she would find the slut.
Phyllis screamed to a stop after ripping her front fender down the driver’s side of the truck in the next parking spot.   She threw her door open and didn’t bother closing it as she stormed into the diner.  She spotted Millie sitting with her back to the door talking to Doris.  Phyllis went for her.
Millie was lifted sideways out of her seat by her hair.  It was an instinctive reaction and she dropped her fork and threw her elbow back into her assailant’s midriff.  The blow caught he attacker just below the diaphragm and Millie could feel the hands releasing from her hair but the momentum pitched her sideways into a table and everything went flying.
Millie scrambled to her feet just a Phyllis straightened and charged.   Millie evaded the charge and kicked the back of Phyllis’s leg striking the back of the knee a vicious blow causing Phyllis to stumble into a booth knocking an elderly man sideways, her head ending up in his lap.  She scared the old fellow and he pissed his pants much to Phyllis’s discomfort.  She instantly rose up and hit the back of her head on the table and the food that had been precariously perched on the edge of the table fell over onto her back.  Phyllis screamed and crawled backward from under the table and stood up.
Millie was now ready for her.  There was no more element of surprise.  Doris was calling the police and patrons were running for the door to become the audience staring through the windows their faces against the glass to see what happened next.  It had become a spectacle and Phyllis, twice the size of Millie, was the bull charging the matador.
Phyllis charged again and Mille stood there, right hand at her side, her right foot back and her body slightly angled away from Phyllis.  She waited and timed it perfectly.  Her right fist clenched at just the right moment her left arm still in a sling and unable to take a defensive position.  Her body came back and around slightly to the right and then the legs and hips uncoiled driving her right arm in a vicious upper cut that caught Phyllis just under the chin.  Phyllis forward momentum magnified the force and Phyllis saw stars and heard her jaw crack as she plunged forward.  Millie side stepped as Phyllis plunged by her into a booth and slid down onto the floor.  Phyllis blinked a couple of times and struggled up.
Phyllis tried to scream but it came out gargled, “Ya beetch, naw ya oing et it.”  She got up and lunged forward her injured knee hardly able to support her.  Phyllis tried to scream as Millie viciously kicked the injured knee.  Phyllis went down and didn’t get up.  She just sat on the floor groaning and half conscious.
Millie realized the knuckles of her right hand were shooting pain up her arm and her head was on fire where Phyllis had pulled some of her hair out.  She suddenly knew she also had some new bruises.
The fire department arrived first and tried to treat Phyllis.  She punched one of the firemen in the face and scratched another viciously so they decided they would just leave her sitting there until the Sheriff’s Deputies arrived.  It didn’t take long for they were already looking for Phyllis.  Phyllis just sat there alternately moaning and cursing.  Her blouse was now covered in the blood that continued to run out of her mouth and it was obvious from her misaligned face that her jaw was broken “big time”.
The fireman treated Millie as best they could at the scene.  She would need a trip to the clinic.  She told them she could wait.
Several Sheriff’s Deputies came into the diner.  Millie had to turn her head away several times and try to keep from laughing as the deputies tried to arrest Phyllis as she punched, kicked, and scratched.  Finally one female deputy said, “Enough, move away guys,” and tazed Phyllis.  It took three deputies to carry Phyllis to the cruiser.  She was cuffed and shackled and her one good leg was hog tied, yet she still squirmed and struggled.
The Deputies took statements from a lot of witnesses and after Millie gave hers one of the firemen drove her to the clinic.  Doc Wooster was already there.  He had given Phyllis a sedative and immobilized her leg for the trip to county.  Millie listened to the deputies who it seemed were more concerned about having her sedated than further damaging her leg.
Nurse Peggy was treating the deep scratches on the fireman’s face.   The fireman who had been punched was sitting in a waiting room chair holding a cold compress to his face.
Mitch came into the clinic and sat down beside Millie, “You alright? Boy, I guess I sure missed a newsworthy spectacle from what I hear.”  
Millie gave him a look that could kill and a sign with her middle finger, and then in spite of herself, she started to cry.  She felt Mitch put an arm around her and she put her head on his shoulder which was a big mistake for she had momentarily forgotten the “fire” that was raging where her hair had been torn out.  She jumped up cursing like a sailor.
Mitch looked at her horrified that he had done something to cause this reaction.
Millie saw the look on his face and started laughing uncontrollably.  She laughed so hard her stomach hurt and she bent over.  It was then Mitch saw the small bloody patches on the top and side of her head and realized what had caused her reaction.
Millie sat down when she stopped laughing.  Doc motioned her into the treatment room where Peggy was changing the paper cover on the examination table.  He motioned for her to sit.
“Let’s have a look at you”.  He looked at the knuckles first.  He asked Peggy to prepare to x-ray Millie’s hand.  He examined her head, “Nasty.  Bet that hurts.”
Millie sighed, “Yah Doc, it hurts like a son of  ...”
Doc interrupted, “Millie, you are giving that up.  You have to stop.”
Millie gave in because she was so tired, “Yes Doc.”
It turned out there were no broken bones in her hand and Doc treated her scalp injury and gave her some pills for pain and instructions for keeping the swelling down in her hand.  She was to come back tomorrow.
Millie and Doc came out.  Doc looked at Mitch.  “I thought I told you to come back and see me?”
“I’m here now.”
Doc shook his head, “Everybody wants to be a comedian these days.  Come on let’s have a look while you’re here.  We are running a two for one special.”
Mitch smiled, “I guess Millie pays and I get a free one.”
Doc looked at Mitch, “No, you get to pay twice as much for one exam.”
Mitch didn’t reply.  Doc examined him and had no concerns.  After Doc was finished he looked at Mitch, “I’m prescribing rest for Millie.  She needs it.  Her body is pretty beat up and she needs time to heal.  Do I make myself clear or do I have to write you an excuse slip for her?”
Mitch knew when to give in, “You’re the doctor.”
“Yes, and you’d better remember that because you seem to need frequent medical attention and I’m the only doc within twenty miles.  I would think you would want to stay on my good side.”
“How about I buy you dinner Doc?”
“Ok, but I’m still doing a two for one.”
The rest of the night passed uneventfully in Safe Haven.
Millie took the “la la” pills Doc gave her and slept like a baby.
Unknown to her, Mable spent the night sleeplessly.  She had heard about Phyllis losing it and she was worried.  She was ashamed and did not want to leave her house.  Her life was ruined and all because of Millie Boyd.  Life was so unfair.  In truth Mable was a little jealous that Millie had gotten her claws into that young stud muffin City Manager first.  She was more woman than Millie ever thought of being and she was after all just a couple of years older than Millie.  Well it was just too late now.
Mable finally just started cleaning house about four A.M.   House cleaning was her escape mechanism when she was angry or sad.  This time it didn’t work like it always had in the past.
At eight thirty Mable phoned her boss to take a personal day.  Her boss suggested she take a week given all that was happening and Mable agreed.  Mable wondered if she would still have a job in a week.   A few minutes later Phyllis’s mother called to let Mable know Phyllis was being held for seventy two hour observation, whatever that was.  They said Phyllis wouldn’t be eligible for bail at this time.  Mable expressed her concern and said she would appreciate any updates.
Shortly after nine she received a call from the secretary at the church she attended in Mountain View.  The pastor and his wife would like to meet with her this evening and would Mable please attend.  Mable had a bad feeling and asked to talk to the pastor.  The pastor told her it was not something he wanted to talk to her about on the phone.  She figured she knew what is was about but she did not give voice to her suspicions.  She said she would think about it.
Mable had always considered church like fire insurance.  You might never need it but just in case you should carry a policy and as long as you paid your premiums you did not have to worry.   She wasn’t what any real born again Christian would consider a believer, but she did go to church regularly and throw a few bills in the collection basket just in case there really was a God.  Mable figured that was enough to cover her and she gave herself the title Christian.  She figured her insurance policy was about to get cancelled.
Mable did something she hadn’t done for years.  She started drinking.  By noon she was “in the bag” and twice as mean as a junk yard dog.  She rooted around in the basement until she found her daddy’s revolver and the bullets for it.  She loaded it, and thought about putting it in her mouth and pulling the trigger.  Pills would be easier she thought.  After a few minutes she put the revolver in her purse with all the shells she found and went hunting.
Millie woke at about ten thirty and got ready to face the day.  The pills helped and she needed them for her shoulder was in pain again from all that being flung around.  She put a cap on because she was self conscious about her bare spots though in reality they were not noticeable.  She went to the diner to get something to eat.  Cooking was out of the question the way she was feeling.  Besides, a one armed cook is dangerous in the kitchen.  She drove to the diner using one arm.  Her hand still hurt when she put pressure on the steering wheel to turn it.
Millie had become a little paranoid and took a seat with her back to the wall and was facing the door.  She had her pistol in her sling as a precaution.  She had decided from now on she would always carry; that’s what the concealed carry permit was for.  She felt for the gun to make sure it was where she could get at it.
Doris came and poured a cup of coffee for her, “I saw you making sure your pistol was available.  You getting paranoid?”
Millie chuckled, “It ain’t paranoia if they are really out to get you.”
Doris sat down and poured herself a cup of coffee, “I don’t know if I should sit by you ‘cause you seem to be a trouble magnet.”
Millie took a sip of coffee, “You goin’ yellow on me.”
Doris laughed.
Mable came through the door and saw Millie about the same time Millie saw her.  Mable reached into her purse and pulled out the revolver aimed at Millie and pulled the trigger.  Nothing happened.  She tried again without result then saw the little “thing a majigger”.  She flipped it and with her finger still putting pressure on the trigger the revolver discharged.  Shards of glass fell from the ceiling fixture as it exploded when the slug slammed into it.
Millie ducked under the table and Doris followed.  Doris whispered, “You’re banned!”
Mable aimed at the two women as they ducked out of sight and when she pulled the trigger the coffee pot on the table exploded.  Millie pulled her pistol from her sling and peered around the bench seat.  Mable saw her and put a round into the floor ten feet in front of Millie who ducked back under cover.
Millie heard Mable walking toward them and rolled out from under the table and knee capped Mable, and then rolled back under the table.  Mable fired a wild shot as she fell and took out one of the picture windows.  Millie yelled, “That’s four Mable.  You only have one left.”
Mable screamed, “That’s all I need!”
Millie yelled back, “Not the way you shoot Mable.”
Mable looked down at her leg.  There was a lot of gooey red stuff on the floor and Mable looked at it as though it wasn’t her knee that had been shattered.  
Millie looked across the way and the old man who had been here when she fought Phyllis smiled at her.  Millie noted the wet spot at his crotch. 
He smiled and said, “Pissed my pants again.  I haven’t had so much excitement since forty three when I was a marine in combat.  I can’t wait to see what you do for an encore.”
Millie peaked around the corner and saw Mable trying to steady the big revolver which was aimed in Millie’s general direction.  Millie ducked back under cover.
“Mable you have one shot left and I have seven; seems to me you might want to consider giving up.”
Millie peeked around the corner and saw Mable reloading and then looking in her purse trying to find another round.  Instinctively Millie made a break for the window without glass and jumped through it and dived behind a parked car as the car window above her head exploded.  Mable was getting better.  Millie moved and sneaked a peak.  Mable was lying on the floor.  Millie started to stand up and saw Mable move.  It was a sucker move and Millie dove to the ground as another round hit above her.  She smelled gas and crab crawled past two more vehicles as Mable was now just firing in Millie’s general direction.  
Millie crawled under a pick up and with several cars between her and Mable made a sprint to make the corner as Mable fired another shot and Millie was thrown forward as a car behind her exploded in a fireball.
Millie moaned and got up.  Her shoulder was a mass of pain.  She put her arm back in the sling and put her pistol in it.  She went and sat on the curb and hung her head between her legs as she felt faint and did not want to pass out.   The air was filled with the sound of sirens.
She sat there for several minutes before a deputy came to her, “Are you Millie?”
Millie nodded in the affirmative.
“Please give me your pistol.  Remove it with your thumb and forefinger only please.”
She handed the deputy her pistol and he put it in an evidence bag.  “How many shots did you fire?”
She looked up, “Just the one.  All the rest were Mable’s.  You’ll take mine out of her knee.”
The deputy looked at her with sympathy, “You don’t look so good.  You need to see Doc?”
Millie felt the tears running down her face because the pain in her shoulder was intense, “Please.”
The deputy helped her up and took her to the clinic.  Mable was being wheeled back out on a gurney as Millie was being taken in to the clinic by the deputy.   Millie knew they were probably taking Mable to the hospital in Mountain View.  Mable saw Millie and started screaming curses at her.  
Millie wondered what it was about her that she had become a magnet for these crazies.  There were several people in the clinic being treated for minor cuts.  Millie looked at the deputy, “How did all these folks get hurt?”
“When the car exploded the glass in the diner blew in.  Thankfully everyone had taken cover and no one seemed to be seriously hurt.”
Millie sat and waited to be seen and while she was waiting the deputy took her statement.  Babette came for Millie and took her to one of the exam rooms.  Doc came in shortly after.
“I should put you on the payroll you are bringing me so much business.”
Millie tried not to but she couldn’t help it.  She started sobbing.  Doc put his arms around her and just held her for several minutes.
When Millie stopped crying Doc simply said, “I’m keeping you here overnight for observation.”   Doc was worried that she had been through too much lately and needed a place to rest and recuperate.
Millie shook her head, “No Doc, I want to sleep in my own bed.  I’ll be alright.”
Doc examined her.  “You’re shoulder is back where it started.  Your right hand seems to be better.  The swelling has gone down.  You have a lot of bruising and you need some rest. Your head is starting to heal and there’s no sign of infection.   I’ll give you something for the pain.”
Millie was coming out of Doc’s office when she saw Doris, “Sorry.”
Doris came and put her arm around Millie hugging her from her “good” side.  “I was only kidding about you being banned.”
Millie could only say, “I am really sorry.”
Doris smiled and lifted Millie’s face to look into her eyes, “It is not your fault.  This place is like a pressure cooker and the pressure has been building for a long time.  You don’t need to be alone right now.  You are going to stay at my place, no argument.”
Millie felt a tear run down her cheek.  “Thank you Doris.  You are a good friend.”  
Doris asked, “Have you taken anything for pain yet?”
“Not yet.”
“Good, we’ll go to my house and self medicate with some good sour mash I have been keeping for medicinal purposes and eat junk food and watch chick flick movies.”
That is what they did.  Millie thought it was the most marvelous therapy in the world.
Chapter 4 - Opportunities Seized
It was a new day and Millie woke with a sore scalp but her shoulder was not hurting.  She lay there feeling better than she had in days.  She felt comfortable in the deep soft mattress.    She lay there enjoying the feeling of not being in pain for the first time in days.  She was also safe from stalkers here in Doris’s spare bedroom.
She laid there for a half hour and then she got up.  Millie thought that if she’d had a larger bladder she could have stayed in bed longer.  She was up and so after relieving herself she jumped in the shower.  Millie enjoyed the hot water that was relaxing her body and she started to feel revitalized.  Wrapped in a towel she went back to the bedroom carrying the oversize t-shirt Doris had given her to sleep in.
Millie realized Doris had left a note and some clean clothes on the dresser.  Millie went and read it, “Good morning.  I fetched you some clean clothes before I went to work.  I put your keys in the pocket of your clean jeans.  The diner will be open this morning so come on down when you get hungry.  Love, Doris.”
Millie dressed and made the bed.  She picked up her dirty clothes and noticed one of the knees in the jeans were ripped and so was a shoulder seam on the blouse she had worn.  She gathered everything up and left it in the front hall for later retrieval.
It was a bright sunny day and Millie enjoyed the short walk to the diner.  Millie wondered what kind of shape the diner would be in and how badly the events of yesterday had hurt business.  As Millie came out of the subdivision to the highway she saw the diner.  There were cars parked everywhere.  There had never been so many.  
Someone had covered the diner windows with plywood and painted across in big letters was “OK Corral Diner.”  It did seem appropriate after yesterday.  Millie went to the diner and walked in the door.  The noise of people eating and talking suddenly turned into dead silence. It lasted only a moment but that moment seemed like an eternity.  The clapping and whooping started.
Doris came to Millie, coffee pot in hand, “It seems you are something of a folk hero after the last couple of days.”  Doris took Millie to the booth where she had sat the night before.  There was a tent sign that read “Reserved for Millie AKA Annie Oakley 2nd.”   Millie couldn’t help herself.  It was surreal and she started laughing.
Doris turned and announced, “Y’all let her eat breakfast.  All that gun fighting stuff makes a girl hungry.  After she eats you can ask for autographs.”
That was followed by laughter and humorous remarks.  People had their cell phones out taking pictures.
Doris sat down opposite Millie and poured coffee, “You see the sign on the plywood?”
Millie nodded, “Yup.”
Doris smiled mischievously, “I have new glass coming and a new sign.  Henceforth this place will be known as the OK Corral Diner.”
Millie choked on her coffee, “You have to be kidding.”
Doris shook her head, “Registered it online as a doing business as name when I heard a newscaster call it that.  You wouldn’t believe it.  It has been busy like this all morning.  The place has been packed.  I’ve had to call in all my employees from all shifts and we can hardly keep up.  The story was picked up and a news crew was here taking video and interviewing people.  There is something I need to tell you.  I should have asked your permission first but it was a need to decide now thing.  I sold a copy of my surveillance videos for fifty grand.  The national news picked the story up about your encounters with Phyllis and Mable.  Before you go ballistic, I’ll split the fifty with you.”
Millie looked up, “That’s great, and I can sure use the cash.”  She said it without much enthusiasm.
Doris continued, “Safe Haven is on the map.  Tourists have been pouring in all day and you are something of a national folk hero.  ”
Millie put her head in her hands.  She heard his voice for the first time in days.
“Unbelievable, absolutely unbelievable,” Mitch said as he slipped in beside Doris.  “You made me a lot of money yesterday.”
Millie didn’t get it, “How so?”
“Well I had just had an offer accepted for a piece of property and now it is going to be worth a lot more, not that I will be selling.”
Doris added, “He bought Jake Miles’s farm.”
Millie was surprised, “I didn’t think he wanted to sell.”
Doris smiled, “It seemed he only didn’t want to sell to that Marina group.  Apparently the old timer has no use for Bullman.  Some guys had come around and tried to intimidate him into selling.  Jake had to run them off waving his double barrel sixteen gauge.  Mitch went and talked to him and they came to an agreement given that cash was on the table.  Mitch now has a place to live.”
Millie added, “And a large piece of Safe Haven land and shoreline.”
Mitch smile, “That to.”
One of Doris’s waitresses came and took Millie and Mitch’s order.  After they had finished placing the order a well know TV personality came and asked Millie if he could have an interview later.  Millie agreed.
Doris looked at Millie, “I didn’t expect that you would agree.”
Millie sighed, “After all the shhh…”  Millie caught herself and changed her wording, “After all the difficulties I’ve faced in the last couple of days I think I need a new career and TV exposure won’t hurt.  By the way Mitch, great idea that, putting the tape on the radio.  Let me see, I got my hair ripped out Tuesday, caught up in a gunfight, and almost killed by an exploding car on Wednesday.  Yah, great idea that.  Thanks a lot.”
Mitch smiled, “You’re welcome.  Your reputation is cleared and it’s not every day someone becomes a folk hero.”
Millie was about to give him the finger but realized there were a lot of people taking pictures.  She knew her life would not be her own for a while.  She smiled, “I need you to lend me a pistol.  The county Mounties have mine while they investigate the shooting.”
Mitch smiled, “You can have my back up,” and he slipped a pistol to her under the table which she slipped into her sling.
Millie asked, “When did you start carrying a second?”
“When people started trying to run us down and started shooting at you.  I figured I might be next.  So far, nada.”
She smiled at him, “I guess that lets you know who’s the important one.”
The breakfast was good and then she signed a lot of autographs and excused herself saying she had a TV interview to go to.
The TV interview was done in front of the diner.  The man started the taping by introducing himself and then her.  He then proceeded to ask her, “How does it feel to be a folk hero.”
Millie smiled, “Oh, I’m no hero.”
The interviewer was condescending, “Oh come now, you must admit you are something of a local hero.”
Millie looked at him, smiling and delivered the coup de gras, “If you wanted me to say what you wanted, you should have given me a script.”  She’d had enough and started to walk away and the interviewer reached out and grabbed her and the pain in her left shoulder made her wince and put her into auto response mode.  He had grabbed her from behind, his right hand grabbing her injured left shoulder, so she reached across with her right hand and grabbed his hand, her arm came out of the sling and the interviewer found himself on his knees his wrist close to being broken. 
Millie glared at him, “Didn’t your mother teach you never to lay hands on a woman.  Consider yourself lucky I’m in a good mood and won’t press charges, now get.”  She released him and slipped away.
One of the other TV crews had caught the entire incident on tape.  It was on national cable news that afternoon.  There was a lot of commentary on how the little red headed gun fighter had put down the six foot two former football player who had tried to manhandle her. Later, as Millie watched the nonsense on Doris’s TV, she thought she should be mortified.  Instead she found it amusing.
Doris came home early and brought two beers into the living room handing one to Millie. “I had to come and see for myself.  Everybody is talking about it.”  Doris watched and laughed until her stomach hurt and though Millie had already seen the clip twice she found Doris’s laughter contagious.
There was a knock at the door.  Doris went and let Doc in. He came and sat down on the sofa.  Doris brought him a beer.
Doc watched mesmerized.  Finally he said, “Doris you should have a poster made for the diner of that newscaster on his knees.”
Doris thought for a moment, “No, what I should do is have a gunfighter motif and posters made of scenes from the surveillance tapes.” 
Millie couldn’t help herself, she started laughing.
Doc said seriously, “It would be good marketing.  People will be coming from all over to see the OK Corral Diner.”
Doris smiled, “They were putting up the new sign and replacing the glass when I left.”
It occurred to Millie, “The whole community is made up of crazies, including me.”
The next segment the three watched was an interview with the recently elected County Sheriff who explained the investigation and its progress.  The interviewer asked the Sheriff if he would like to have someone like Millie as a deputy.   The Sheriff who thought of himself as an astute politician lied, “Absolutely.”
Millie figured it was a slow news week.  In reality, the story had gained traction and a life of its own as it had struck a chord with viewers.  The liberals were claiming this is what happened when people could be licensed for concealed carry of firearms.  The conservative media talked about how the shooter was using an unlicensed gun and firing randomly while Millie who was just defending herself, a licensed gun owner showing great skill and discipline, immobilized the shooter when she could have obviously taken her out.  Millie thought it was a circus.
Doc said it without thinking, “Next they’ll be asking you to run for City Marshall; a job no one has allowed themselves to be nominated for since Cecil was shot to death trying to stop that convenience store robbery.  It made everyone think about putting their lives on the line for a lousy twenty five hundred dollars a year.”  
It was just then that there was another knock at the door.  Doris got up and found it was Anna.  She came in and Doris got her a beer.  Anna took a few sips and then made the announcement.
“Millie we don’t want you going off to the Sheriff’s Department.  A group of us want you to run for City Marshal.  I am going to call a special election   I predict you will be elected and you already have a degree and certification.   As soon as we get our finances straightened out, I’ll ask Council to increase the pay a few thousand above what we paid Ned.  We are going to have a five person twenty four seven police force.  Not that much happens around here, mainly summer drunks and such, and you can certainly handle whatever does happen.  The tourism draw alone will be tremendous.  What do you say?”
Millie seemed to be watching the TV but she turned and looked at Anna, and heard herself say “OK.”
Anna, Doc and Doris sat there with their mouths open for a few minutes. 
Anna broke the silence, “Good.  I’m glad to see you have brains as well as a good aim.  The regular monthly meeting is Monday night.   The Council, well at least three of the members, will be signing your papers and getting the vote out.  You need to be at the meeting and make some kind of announcement that you are running.”
Doris phoned her diner and had food prepared and delivered.
Anna asked, “Don’t you have to get back to work?”
Doris smiled, “No, I hired three additional waitresses today.  Josephine has been with me since the beginning and I made her shift manager.  She’ll run a tight ship and she’ll call if she needs me.”  No call came and the four of them spent a pleasant evening flipping between channels watching the local, regional and national news.  Safe Haven was everywhere.
When it was finally time to call it a night, Doris invited Millie to stay.  The reports were that news people were still staking out Millie’s house.  Millie slept like a baby.
The next morning Millie was up and ready early.  She made coffee and when Doris came down to the kitchen they had a cup together.
“So Millie what do you plan to do today?”
“Well if you will lend me some money and your car, I’m going to go to Mountain View and buy some new duds for Monday night.”
Doris smiled, “You gonna put on the dog at the Council meeting?”
Millie smiled back, “You betcha.”
On the surface it was a quiet weekend in Safe Haven.  The tourist season started on Memorial Day which was still a month away.   Anna, Doris, and three of the Councilmen were very busy behind the scenes.  Millie managed to stay out of sight holed up at Doris’s house.  Shamus had, at Millie’s suggestion, invited Mitch to stay in his spare room an offer Mitch gladly accepted insisting on paying Shamus.  This put Mitch in Shamus’s good books.  It also sat well with the community that the two had let bygones be bygones.
Millie and Doris timed their arrival at City Hall Monday night just right.  Doc drove them and dropped them at the door.  It was a good thing he had brought them for there was no parking for blocks.  The meeting hall could hold a hundred and half the town’s folk must have been there plus the TV people.
Millie strutted in confidently with Doris at her side.  People moved aside for them.  Millie wore her gator cowboy boots with the walking heels, a tight pair of blue jeans, a fancy embroidered girly country T-shirt over which she wore a short jean jacket which seemed to draw attention to her feminine attributes as much as the holster in which she carried her weapon.  Her arm was still in a sling and on her head was a tan cowboy hat.  Several of the men seated offered their seats and Millie and Doris accepted thanking the men for their gallantry.
Mayor Anna called the meeting to order and started with the pledge.  It only took twenty minutes to cover the regular business. Millie noted Mitch was taking the minutes. When it came to the item on the agenda concerning the special election the Council called the election and set the date with the nomination period to start immediately and to run to cover the legal requirement.  
When it came time for resident’s presentations, Doris held up her hand to be recognized.  The Mayor recognized her.
Doris spoke confidently, “I have here the nomination papers for Millie Boyd for the position of City Marshall in the special election.  It has been signed by a hundred and fifty four of the one hundred and seventy three eligible voters. I ask the Council to accept this nomination.”
The Mayor and the City Manager reviewed the nomination papers against the eligible voters list for the first twenty and then accepted the nomination.  The room was in a buzz and there was laughter and pats on the back.   The City residents knew, because they had been told when the signatures were being collected, a person could only sign one candidate’s nomination papers for a particular elected position, and a candidate needed twenty signatures to be nominated.  There were not enough eligible voters left to sign the nomination papers for anyone else.
The special election was already decided for there could be no other nominations and an acclamation would be the result when nominations closed.  That is how Millie would become Marshal Boyd.
Millie was swarmed when she came out of the Council meeting.  Millie knew this would only be temporary and was part of what she had to deal with.  Reporters were shouting questions and Millie put up her hands and stunned the reporters with the volume of the sound that came out of her little frame, “Calm down!  I’ll take your questions one at a time.  If you insist on acting like a stampeding herd of cats I’ll leave now.”
The crowd went silence.  Millie realized she was enjoying this.  She pointed at a local reporter she recognized, “Margie, you first.”
“How long have you been planning to seek elected office?”
Millie paused for a moment, “This is a very recent development.  Our last Marshal was killed in the line of duty and no one wanted to step up and take his place.  Our beautiful City needs a Marshal and I was asked to step up and I agreed.”
Millie wanted to seem fair so pointed at one reporter she did not recognize who asked, “How do you feel about being called Annie Oakley Two.”
“The shoe fits so I’ll wear it with pride.” Millie pointed to another reporter.
“We’ve seen video of you taking down opponents much larger than you.  I’ve been told you exhibited some pretty advanced fighting technique.  Where did you learn to fight?”
Millie smiled and paused again, “My deceased husband Tom, God rest his soul, taught me.”
The next reporter asked, “Who taught your husband to fight and how did he die?”
Millie continued to smile, “The government of this great country taught him as part of his training as a SEAL.  He died in combat in Afghanistan.”
She pointed at another reporter who asked, “Is it true that you were involved in the investigation of the Economic Development Commission.”
Millie nodded, “Yes, I assisted the Mayor and the City Manager in the investigation.  Any questions about that should be addressed to the Mayor.”  Anna was standing watching and Millie motioned to her.
Millie moved to the background as Anna stepped forward.
Anna pointed at the reporter who asked the initial question who then asked, “Is it true that funds from the City were channeled through the Economic Development Commission by the former Mayor and Council for private gain?”
Anna had seen enough TV broadcasts that she responded like a veteran politician, “The matter you are referring to is presently part of an ongoing investigation so I am not going to comment until the investigation is completed by state officials.  I will tell you that I, with the active support of three of the Councilmen, have enlisted the help of the State Attorney General, the State Auditor, and the state police who are all being very supportive.”
Anna pointed to another reporter who asked the same question as the previous reporter in different words.  Anna looked at him and smiled, “Nice try.  I appreciate that you have a job to do.  We are straight shooters here and what we say is what we mean.  I don’t think you were neither inattentive to my last answer nor do I think you are not smart enough to understand what I said.    Please listen carefully, I will make no comment about the ongoing investigation other than to confirm there is one.”
The next reporter asked, “How is it that there is both a Police Chief and a City Marshal?”
The Mayor answered the question easily having already been briefed by Chris, “Under the founding City Ordinance the City Marshal is the chief law enforcement official of the City and is elected by the citizens.  The Council may provide for the appointment of other police officials as it sees fit.  While we had no Marshal we did have a police officer and he was permitted by the previous Mayor to be called the Police Chief although that had no basis in law.”
Another reporter asked how it was the City only had one policeman.
Anna answered directly, “When the reform Council and I took office the City was in dire financial straits and could only afford the salary of one officer.  We expect that will change shortly.”
  Many photos were taken of Millie and Anna that night.  After about twenty minutes the Mayor called an end to the impromptu news conference and the crowd gradually broke up.  Millie received a lot of encouragement from her supporters which was just about everybody.
Millie saw Mitch slide up beside her, “Quite a ‘dog and pony show’.  You did very well by the way.  I was impressed.”  Mitch handed her an envelope.  “It’s the pay I owe you.”
Millie stifled the impulse to count it and instead pushed the envelope into her jeans pocket, “Thank you Mitch.”
Mitch smiled, “I guess we’ll still be working together though not the way I originally anticipated.”
Mille looked him in the eye and smiled, “You betcha.”
Mitch rolled his eyes, “I suppose you are going to torment me continuously with my own phrase?”
Millie smiled, “You betcha.”
Anna came to Millie, “Can I give you a ride home?”
“Thanks, but Doris and Doc are expecting to drive me.”
Anna smiled, “How about breakfast in the morning, my treat, at say eight o’clock?’
Millie said enthusiastically, “Sounds good to me.”
Everyone went home thinking that things were finally calming down.  They couldn’t have been more wrong.
Millie went to the diner a little early.  She had combed her hair out so as to cover the injury to her scalp.  She could now feel comfortable taking her hat off.  Her head was now healing and itching like crazy and she wanted to scratch but resisted. 
As Millie drove up to the diner she saw the new sign which was much bigger and brighter than the previous one.   It was colorful and well done.  There were two larger than life cut out painted gunfighters, one male and one obviously female, at each end firing at each other.  Between them in huge lettering was a rectangular sign which said “OK Corral Diner”.  Millie thought that it should appear campy but in truth it worked.  The singed siding had been replaced with siding that looked like wood planking.  The new windows had false shutters between them that gave the place a period look.  The diner stood out.
At first Millie was aggravated that she had to cruise for a parking spot but then realized what that meant and was happy for Doris.  Millie saw someone pulling out and zipped in.  She entered the diner smiling at the decals installed across the glass doors that made it seem one was entering through the swinging bar doors always seen in the movies. 
The diner was crazy busy but Millie’s booth table was vacant and still reserved.  She went and sat down.  Doris brought a coffee pot, sat down, and poured two cups.  
Millie took her hat off, “The place looks great Doris and I see you are super busy.”
Doris smiled, “Yeah, we are filled for every meal.  We are even busy between meal times and are selling a lot of coffee and pie and such.  I had to hire two more waitresses and a second dishwasher.  It’s great.”
A couple approached the table with their camera, “You are the Marshal lady?  Can we take a picture with you?”
Millie knew this probably wouldn’t last and she was going to enjoy her fifteen minutes of fame.  “Sure thing.”
Millie smiled as Doris jumped up enthusiastically, “Let me take it so you can both be in the picture with her.”  Millie thought that Doris was the ideal kind of person for this business.
Millie put her hat on and stood between the husband and wife, both of whom were taller than her.  The couple was very grateful and expressed their thanks.  
Millie went back to her coffee.
Doris asked, “What are your plans for today?”
“I’m going to drop by City Hall and ask Mitch to use the computer to see if my certification is still valid.  It is almost a year old.”
Doris held out her hand with a check, “This is for you; a check for half the video money.”
Millie looked at it and whistled.  “I won’t have to worry about money this year.”
Doris smiled, “The insurance money and a small part of my share paid for the quick renovations and I still have a good bit left over.”
Millie smiled, “Good for us.”
Anna came into the diner and came and sat down beside Doris. “Morning.  Place is looking good Doris and busy too.”
Doris nodded, “I am enjoying it while it lasts no matter how long that is.”
Anna turned to Millie, “What do you know?”
Millie laughed, “I know I have more money in my jeans today than I did yesterday.”
Anna asked, “What are your plans?’
“Today I am going to see about my police certification status.”
Anna added, “Good idea.”
Anna turned to Doris, “How are things going with you and Doc.”  The question was innocent enough but it resulted in an “earth shaking discovery.”   Doris, for the first time ever, blushed.
Millie blurted, “Oh.  Oh my!”
The three women started laughing.  Anna said what she and Millie were both thinking, “It’s about time.  Good for you.”
The women had an enjoyable breakfast talking about what was happening and their plans for the future.  Anna mentioned that a company had purchased two of the old buildings downtown and she hoped they would be reopened because they had been closed for too many years and were becoming an eyesore. When they finished breakfast Millie went to City Hall where Mitch was already at work.  Millie remembered when there had been several people working in the office.  Now there was just Mitch.  She knew that would change. 
Millie went and sat down at what used to be her old desk.  Mitch didn’t seem to notice her so she “fired up” the computer and logged on.  Her old password still worked.  She got on the internet and started her online search.  It was slow going with her left arm in a sling and so she took it out and started working.  Her shoulder got sore and she put the arm back in the sling and did “hunt and peck.”
“Good morning Millie.  I take it you shoulder is still sore?”
Millie looked up and Mitch was smiling at her and he asked, “Would you like a coffee?”
“Yes the shoulder is still a little tender and yes I would like a coffee, thank you.”
Mitch went and got two cups and sat down across from her.  “You need work?”
Millie looked at her sling.  “I’m afraid there’s not a lot I can do until this gets a little better.”
Mitch shrugged, “I have a lot of talents but I’m at a loss when it comes to decorating and such.  The farmhouse probably needs painting, repairs and furnishing etc.  Is it possible if I gave you a budget you could have the farmhouse painted inside and out and furnish it for me, you know, sort of be my decorator and project manager?  I’ll pay you of course.”
“How much?”
Mitch thought for a moment, “Three hundred a week.”
Millie thought for a minute, “What kind of feel do you want in the farmhouse?”
“I’d like homey traditional but no antiques.  You know; a warm comfortable down home farm type feel.”
“OK. ”
Mitch nodded, “Please do the master bedroom first.  A place to sleep is my first priority.”
Millie put her hand out, “Keys?  I need to look at the place.”
Millie took the keys and a pad of paper and pencil and drove to the farmhouse.  The first thing she noticed was that the lock on the front door was not catching in the latch plate and the front door was warped and being held shut by a bungee cord.  Millie undid the cord and opened the door and it scratched along the living room floor.  Millie looked at the floor.  The floor was all hardwood but seemed to be heaving upward by the front door and sagging in the middle of the room.  Millie thought this couldn’t be good.  She walked to the kitchen by walking near the walls.  Each step was met by a terrible screeching straining sound.  
The kitchen was if anything worse.  Millie saw that the upper cabinets seemed ready to fall inward off the wall.  The floor was caving in the middle.  No way was she going in there.  Millie made her way around the living room back to the front door where there were steps against the outer wall to the upstairs.  
Millie went up slowly and could have sworn the stairs were swaying.  She got level with the upstairs floor and stopped dead.  The whole floor was slanted at a precarious angle.  Millie turned around and tip toed gently down the stairs.  As she went gently she noticed there were floor to ceiling cracks in all the walls.  Her attempt to close the front door was met with a horrible sound like some screeching ghost wanted to be let out.  She just left the bungee cord hanging on the front door and left.
Millie drove back to City Hall and went to see Mitch.  As she walked in she saw Ned.  Mitch said, “There she is now.”
Ned smiled, “Hi Millie.  I came to see about my job but Mitch told me the Council will be giving the recall and hiring authority to the new City Marshall.  Can I have my job back?”
Millie smiled and sat down, “Hi Ned.  I’m not Marshall yet but if I am elected I am sure we can work something out.  OK?”
Ned nodded, “Great.  I’ll come back after the election.”  He left.
Mitch looked at Millie, “You sure you want him.”
“Ned’s OK.  He will do what he’s told and be loyal to whoever is his boss.  He’s not the “go getter” type but with the right direction he’ll do alright.  Besides, he is related to a third of the voters.  They know his limitations but he’s still family.”
Millie noticed Mitch was looking at her strangely, “There’s definitely more to you the more one gets to know you.”
Millie shrugged, “Now for the bad news.  That farm house is literally ready to fall down.  I felt I was lucky to get out without it falling on top of me.”
Mitch smiled condescendingly, “Aren’t you being melodramatic?”
Millie bent over his desk, “No I’m not.  You need to have someone look at the farmhouse before someone gets hurt out there.  You may have bought a pig in a poke huge scale colossal liability waiting to happen.  It sure needs a lot more than a paint job, minor repairs and furniture.  I suggest you have an expert assess it before you step foot in there let alone put any money into it.”        
Mitch simply said, “Oh.”
Millie was being nosey and asked, “How much did you pay for the place?”
Mitch smiled, “Just between you and me, a lot less than I would have been willing to pay just for the land.  In fact I just bought Ray’s acreage to the west of the farm.”
Millie whistled, “You now are the largest land owner in the City.  Where did you get the money?  Did you rob a bank?”
 “Not for public information; my father left me a substantial inheritance when he passed.”
Millie laughed, “There are no secrets here.  Everyone will know by week’s end about your purchase and somebody will get nosey and find out that you have O’Keefe money.  You will not be getting any more deals on land.”
Mitch nodded, “I figured on that.”
Millie thought for a moment, “Are you going to get an inspector out there or take my word?”
Mitch laughed, “No, I am going to delegate it to my project manager to get an inspector out there.”
Millie started to work.  She arranged an inspection of the farmhouse for the afternoon and got Mitch to write a check for the fee.  Then she called George who she knew was a good handyman and asked him to go look at her cottage and give her prices to paint the exterior and add false shutters.  She told him while he was there she would like a quote to do the garage as well.   He would meet her after lunch.  She knew her afternoon would be full.
Millie gave up on the computer search and called Ethel at the community college.  Ethel had been her advisor when she had been doing her Associate’s degree.  Ethel was very helpful and advised her certification was still good.  She also advised Millie that the Mountain View Police Department did the firearms certification and she would require a current qualification.  She gave Millie a contact number for Sergeant Emmerson who was the training officer.  She called him and told him who she was and what she needed.
He was a pleasant man and told her, “Ah yes.  I have been following you in the news.  It’s not every day I get to assess Annie Oakley the second.”  He laughed.
Millie chuckled, “Well sergeant, you know how that is; anything to get votes.”
The sergeant said jokingly, “Politicians.  Can’t live with them and can’t get rid of them.”
Millie responded, “Puleeeease!  I’m just a small town girl trying to do her civic duty.”
“Hey, who am I to argue.  Look, I’d like to help you out.  Could you come this afternoon around four thirty as my shift ends.  We’ll go to the range and I’ll assess your proficiency.”
Millie didn’t hesitate, “Done.   I really appreciate this.”
The sergeant had an ulterior motive, “Perhaps you could do something for me?”
“What is that?”  Millie wondered for just a moment what she had gotten herself into.
“My two daughters are big fans of yours.  Perhaps you could give me an autographed photo for them?”
“Will do.  How old are your daughters?”
“My princesses are ten and twelve,” Sergeant Emmerson said with obvious pride in his voice.
 Millie committed, “Consider it done.  If you like, I’ll deliver them to the girls personally.”
“That would be much appreciated and get daddy brownie points.  See you tomorrow.”  The sergeant hung up.
Millie thought about what she would do next.  She told Mitch she was leaving and went home.  She made herself a sandwich and sat on her porch eating it and drinking a Mountain Dew. She sat enjoying those simple pleasures and enjoying the light breeze.   A plane landed on the lake scattering some ducks who took to flight.  Millie sat there until George drove up in his pick up.
They discussed what was to be done and the price.  The wood siding was still in very good shape and the cottage and the garage would be scraped and repainted.  George told her the roof looked like it needed work.  He got the ladder and went up.  His pronouncement was that she needed new shingles.  They discussed putting on a steel roof instead.  George gave her a price.  The cottage would be white with a red steel roof and red shutters.
Millie left to meet the man doing the farmhouse assessment.  She got there about ten minutes early and he showed up five minutes early.  He got out of his truck and came to Millie and held out his hand and she shook it.
He introduced himself, “I’m Larry Johnston and you must be Millie?”
“Yes, pleased to meet you.”
“Well what do you say we go look at the place Millie?”
Millie shook her head, “No way.  I have been in that death trap once and that was once too many.”
Larry smiled, “Now, now it can’t be that bad.”
Millie shrugged, “Suit yourself.”
Larry went to the open door and went inside.  About five seconds later he came running out flailing his arms like a windmill and screaming, “Run for it!  She’s coming down!”
There was a horrible creaking and groaning sound.  Millie ran back to where the vehicles were parked and Larry came and stood beside Millie and proclaimed, “You weren’t kidding.”
The house kept making horrible sounds for about a minute and a half, which at the time seemed like an eternity.  Millie took out her cell phone and recorded as slowly the roof started to slag and the walls started to bend.  Then as if in slow motion the house just collapsed in a pile of rubble.”  They watched as the dust settled.
Larry looked at Millie, took out a report sheet, wrote BEYOND SALVAGE on the report and signed it and handed it to Millie with a bill for two hundred and twenty five dollars.  Millie handed him a check.  They didn’t say a word and shook hands and Larry drove away.
Millie drove back to City Hall laughing all the way.  Mitch was doing accounting when she came in.  He did not look happy.
Her greeting was in the form of a question, “What’s making you so unhappy?”
He looked up, “You know, I have come to the conclusion that this is not what I should be doing for a living.  I’m more of a concept, creative problem solver kind of guy.”
Millie looked at him and shrugged, “If I had your money you wouldn’t catch me doing a job I didn’t enjoy.”
His response was not what she expected, “I have been thinking the same thing.  Hush is the word now, OK?”
“Ya, that’s just between us Mitch,” Millie paused, “I have bad news and bad news.”
 He pushed away from his desk and put his feet up.  “How bad is it?”
“Bad as it gets.  First bad news in a nutshell is your house fell down.  The next bad news is you are going to have a lot of rubble to cart away that’s in a big pile where the house used to be.”
Millie pulled out her cell and showed him the video.
Mitch sighed, “You weren’t kidding.  I honestly didn’t think it was that bad.  Can you arrange to have it trucked away?”  
“Sure thing, I can do that.  What are you going to do?”
“Build a new place I guess.  Would you look over the property and give me a woman’s perspective on where might be a good place to build.  Good views and water access and like that.”
“Ok, the farm house and site will be on tomorrow’s agenda.  I am going to Mountain View.  How is your leg doing by the way?”
Mitch felt his cast, “Oh the leg is OK but it itches like crazy sometimes.”
 “See you later Mitch, I gotta run.”
Millie enjoyed the drive to Mountain View and when she got there she dropped by the gun shop and purchased a couple of boxes of ammo for the weapon.  Millie then went to the bank and deposited the check from Doris.  She got to the police station ten minutes early and noted that the door had a “no firearms” sign.  Millie assumed that given her business here that would not apply to her.
She went to the desk and said to the receptionist, “Hi, I’m Millie Boyd.  I ‘m here to see Sergeant Emmerson.”
The receptionist said, “Please take a seat and I’ll let him know you are here.”
Millie thought the woman was a “cold fish” and went and sat down.
A few minutes later the sergeant came out.  Millie thought he looked every bit like an officer of the law should.  He was of average height and build, obviously fit, and his uniform was all spit and polish.  Millie considered she probably looked more like someone out of a spaghetti western in her jeans and short sleeve plaid blouse and cowboy hat.
He came towards her, “Hi Millie, I’m Emmerson, you may call me Bill.  I am pleased to finally meet you.”  He shook her hand and said, “Follow me.”
She did and he led her past a secure door and down some stairs.  They went past a weight area where a number of officers were working out.  They came to another secure door; Bill punched the keypad code and went through it.  Bill turned on the lights and took Millie to the firing line.  He put a target on two of the positions.
He looked at her, “Can you use the left arm?”
Millie shook her head, “Not really.  It is still too sore. I am sure I can qualify one handed with my right using a nine, but I ‘m not sure I’d qualify with the left.  I would prefer to use both hands if I was using a heavier caliber.”
Millie could tell by the look on Bill’s face he was a skeptical so she added, “My husband trained me to shoot both ways.  He said if you couldn’t shoot with both then a right side wound was almost as bad as being fatally wounded.”
Bill nodded to the shooting counter, “Put your gear up there.”  He pushed a button to send the targets down range.
Millie took a box of ammunition out and put it on the counter.  She took her second pistol out of her bag and put in on the counter leaving her primary in the sling.  She took the ear protection off the rung in the position and put her hat on it. 
She looked at Bill, “What’s required to qualify?”  He told her.  She could tell he was watching her.  She did not lift the weapon.
Bill looked at her, “What are you waiting for?”
She smiled, “For you as range supervisor to give me permission to proceed.”  
He gave the order to fire five rounds.  Millie put on her ear protection, chambered a round and fired five rounds one handed as quickly as the weapon would fire.  It was easy for her as her nine had become an extension of her consciousness.
She removed the clip and worked the action to remove the chambered round, laid the pistol on the counter with the action open, then retrieved the ejected round.    
Bill had watched her, “Accuracy is more important than speed.”
Millie said seriously, “True, unless you can achieve both.”
Bill pushed the button that brought the target back.  He examined it.  “That is outstanding shooting.  I sent the target all the way out.  Your husband was a SEAL?”
Millie shrugged, “Yes.”
Bill asked, “And you can shoot with both hands.”
Millie smiled, “I’ll show you.  Just one round though please because my left shoulder still is not healed and hurts like a son of a ...” she caught herself, “It hurts a lot.”
Bill set it up.  Millie waited for the order.  She readied her pistol, took her primary pistol from the sling and laid it on the counter, took her left arm out of her sling and fired a single round.  She went through the drill to secure her weapon.
Bill brought the target back as Millie put her arm back in the sling.
Bill looked at the target and said, “It’s not bragging if you can do it.  I would want you on my side in a firefight.  As a matter of curiosity, how are you with a rifle?”
Millie paused, “Because of my size I needed some modifications to my rifle, but with a standard size I have been told I can shoot in the top one percent.  With my custom rifle, well my husband told me I am really exceptional; he said sniper good as a shooter.  Of course he said there was more to it than being a shooter.”
Bill nodded.  “I’ll certify you and you will need to re-qualify periodically as required.  I’ll arrange the documentation for your file.”
Millie smiled, “Thank you Bill.”
Millie had a pleasant drive home.  There was little traffic going toward Safe Harbor as the commuters had already left Mountain View.  Millie had a light meal at home and went to bed early.
The next morning Millie rose early and made a phone call.  She was sitting on her porch waiting when Butch drove up.  She got up and went and got into the truck.  They went to the farmhouse and Butch looked things over.
“This will be easy.  Plenty of room to work, good road in, and I can load the material directly into the truck as we go.  Let’s go see the owner.”
Mitch was already sitting at his desk drinking a cup of coffee when they arrived.  Millie walked in with Butch and did the introductions.  “Mitch this is Butch, the local excavating contractor.  He’ll treat you right.”
Mitch offered his hand, “Please to meet you Butch.  Have a seat.  Like a coffee?”
Butch nodded, “Ya, thanks.”
Mitch turned to Millie and she responded, “Yes please.”
Once they all had coffee, Mitch asked, “How much is this going to cost me?”
Butch did not hesitate, “Five hundred for mobilization.  The carting will be by the truckload and I’ll pack ‘em tight.  Two hundred and fifty per truck load and you pay the dump fees.”
Mitch nodded, “What’s your best guess on the total and how some you can do it?”
“Four to five grand total and I can start this afternoon.  It will probably take three or four days to complete.”
Mitch thought for a moment, “OK, do it.”
Butch handed Mitch a form, “It certifies you are the owner and you authorize me to do the work and here are the costs I quoted you.”
Mitch read it and signed it.  “I might have more work for you soon.”
Butch smiled, “I wouldn’t complain.  Things are slow right now.”
Butch good to his word brought his equipment that afternoon and started the work of loading rubble into the trucks and carting it away.
Millie left her car at City Hall and borrowed Mitch’s truck to drive his property.  She didn’t want her old caddy bottoming out somewhere.  Millie realized how beautiful the property was.  She ran into some surveyors in her journey and got out.
She approached them, “Hi, I’m Millie.”  She offered her hand.  None of the three would take it.  “What are you up to?”
The man who seemed to be in charge asked insolently, “What’s it to you?”
Millie smiled and backed away, “I’m the project manager for the owner of this land and I am going to ask you again.  What are you doing here?”
“Surveying.”
Millie backed away further and took out her cell phone keeping an eye on the men.  One of them moved toward her in a way she found threatening.   She decided he wasn’t going to get closer. Her cell phone went into her sling as her nine came out and hung at her side.  The man stopped in his tracks.  Millie grabbed the phone from the sling with her left as she slipped it out of her sling.  The men were standing frozen listening to her.
“Mitch, Millie.  There are surveyors on your land.  Did you send them?  I didn’t think so.  They’re trespassers then.  One of them is sort of threatening me and I may have to shoot one or all of these guys.”
She was “pulling their chains” but the men didn’t know it.  She could tell she really had their attention now.  She could tell one man was trying to decide whether to make a run for it.
“Ah shucks, OK, you’re the boss.  Do you want to have Butch and the guys come down and sort of, well you know what I mean?  You sure?  OK.”  The men couldn’t hear Mitch laughing on the other end.
Millie looked at the men, “Leave, now!  Don’t come back.”
The men scurried to gather their equipment and trotted off.  Millie got into her truck and followed them.  She got their license number.  The men sped off as Butch arrived with his crew in the back of his pick-up.  Butch pulled up beside Millie.
“What was that all about Millie?’
“I don’t know but I don’t like it.  The hair on the back of my neck was standing on end.  I think you should have one of your guys post no trespassing signs around all his property.   Mitch will pay for it. ”
Butch nodded, “OK, we’ll get back to work.”
Millie finished seeing all the shoreline of the two properties Mitch had purchased.  She found two really nice places for a home.  One was on the far end of the new property overlooking a little inlet into which a spring fed brook ran.  There was a little gentle falls that sloped down in a gentle twenty foot drop in elevation.  It went on for about a hundred feet babbling over rocks on its downward journey.  The water in the inlet was cold, clear, and appeared to be about ten feet deep in the middle.  She took photos.  The other site overlooked a sandy beach and was closer to the marina.  Millie took photos of that. 
 It occurred to Millie that Mitch now owned all the property surrounding two sides of the marina’s thirteen acres which included eight hundred feet of shoreline.  Some of the City’s cottage lots were on the other side of the marina backing onto the street that ran to the marina entrance.  Millie’s curiosity was peaked and she determined that the next time she was in Mountain View she would visit the county courthouse and research what the properties had sold for.  It was one of those things she would forget to do.   She also decided she would find out who purchased the buildings downtown.
Millie went to City Hall to see Mitch and tell him about her findings.
Chapter 5 - Progress at Last
Millie returned to City Hall to find Chris there talking to Mitch.  They seemed to be in a serious conversation but Mitch was smiling.
Chris saw her coming in and came and gave her a hug, “Good to see you Millie.  Mitch and I were just talking about the Commission business.”
Millie sat down.  “So what’s happening?”
Chris looked at Mitch who nodded affirmatively.  Chris responded, “The foreclosure and other proceedings are going well.  Safe Haven Marina has paid its loan off in full including interest and costs and the City is solvent again.  The smaller parcels will be auctioned off.”
Mitch smiled, “Marcy has even returned my deposit.”
Chris sat back in his chair.  “Everything to do with the marina seems aimed at keeping it out of the spotlight. Mr. Bullman no longer works for the marina but has a job in Mountain View.  I’d love to know where the money came from to redeem the loans.”
Mitch added, “I had some gentlemen approach me about buying the farm.  They offered me what they said was a lot more than it is presently worth.  They said they wanted to develop it.”
“You going to sell?” Millie asked.
“Nope, I have my own plans.  The gentlemen seemed very unhappy that I did not accept their generous offer.”
Chris shook his head, “There is something going on we do not …”, and he paused for a moment as a plane flew overhead drowning out the conversation, “understand.”
Mitch changed the subject, “What did you discover Millie?”
“I think I found the best two sites.  Let me transfer the images to the PC and you can look at them.”
Chris asked, “What are you up to.”
Mitch smiled, “Trying to find the best site for my new home.  Millie is giving me a woman’s perspective.”
Millie pulled up the photos and Mitch and Chris came to look.  Millie pulled up the inlet photos first, “This is my favorite though it is at the furthest end.   It is private and you can hardly see it if you went by on the lake.   From the lake it would be difficult to know the inlet is there the way it curves around. If you built a dock here in the middle you could tie your boat up or swim from it.  At the brook end there is a shallow pebble beach.  The pebbles appear smooth because of the water erosion.  A home could be built on the hill among the trees near the babbling falls with a trail down to the dock.  This last photo from here is the view of the lake from what I think is the best home site.  Big con though is it would be a long road to build to the site even coming in from the other end.”
Millie pulled up the other site.  “This one has a sandy beach.  It is closer to the City and near the marina.  You could build a dock but it is not as private.  It has a better view of the lake though and would be closer to work.  It is closer to a City road.”
Chris whistled, “Those are both beautiful sites.” 
Mitch thought a moment.  “Millie chose the same spot I did as the number one choice.”  He pulled a plot map out of his desk showing the boundaries of the recently purchased lands.
Mitch continued, “The site is here, and the closest access is off of County Road 601 which is just outside the City boundary.  It borders the west of my property and dead ends at the conservation area.  The road seems to be about 400 yards from the site.  According to the contour map the elevation to the home site is pretty level until it drops off at the lake.  Millie please talk to Butch and get me price to build a road.”
Millie handed Mitch a piece of paper, “This is the license number of the truck the surveyors were in.”
Mitch nodded, “I’ll report the matter to the Captain Abernathy.  The City is paying the state police to provide interim police patrols and response.   Perhaps he can have it looked into and tell me who they work for.”  He picked up the phone and made the call.  Because of who Mitch was Captain Abernathy took his call personally.  His uncle and the Captain had been long time friends.  Mitch knew him very well.
Mitch started the conversation with, “Hi Cal how is the family.”
Millie never ceased to be amazed at how influence bred influence and smoothed the way.  She was getting through that door for the first time in her life.  She listened as Mitch continued.
Millie was only hearing Mitch’s side of the conversation. “Yes, I’d love to get together with you and Jill.”  There was a short pause.  “Yes that would be good.  Yes, I’d like that.   The reason I’m calling Cal is I have a small problem I was hoping you could help me with.”
Millie knew that Cal was responding but could not make out what he was saying.
Mitch responded, “No, but it causes me some concern.”
Millie listened as Mitch explained about the experiences of the previous owners, his experience with the perspective buyers and the trespassing surveyors.  Mitch told Cal that he knew there was probably no prosecution needed but he would sure like to know who was behind it and would appreciate it if Cal could have somebody look up the license plate and talk to whoever sent the men on the matter of trespassing.
There was another short pause and Mitch looked at Millie and smiled, “Yeah, she’s a fireball and a good friend.  She’s been a big help to me.  Yes, I would bet money she will be elected.”  Mitch ended with, “Thanks Cal.”
He looked at Millie and Chris, “It’ll be interesting to see whatever that turns up.”
Chris had to leave and that left Millie alone with Mitch.  “I appreciate your giving me work but I have come into some money so after Monday don’t create make work projects for Millie.”
Mitch smiled, “Never did, never would.  It was just that I needed help.  Good, if you’re not working for me then I can get that dinner date you promised me.”
Millie felt it happen again.  
Mitch laughed, “Unbelievable, absolutely unbelievable.”
Millie didn’t ask, for she knew the comment was directed at the color of her face.  She got up and left.  She got some satisfaction of knowing, based on Mitch’s reflection in the glass, that he was admiring her backfield in motion.
 Millie went to the diner and found Doris was off somewhere with Doc.  Nevertheless, she enjoyed being here.  People stopped by to chat as she drank coffee.  The people had words of encouragement and the town’s folk said they would come out and vote for her.  Millie realized this would be a way to keep in touch with the community and a campaigning strategy even though there would probably be no vote this time.  She decided she would be here early in the morning after her exercises and after work as often as was practical.
The next morning just as Millie was finishing her run and was about a quarter of a mile from home, it started raining.  She ignored the wet and concentrated on the run.  She could tell the shoulder was getting better because it didn’t hurt when she ran but she hoped she could soon take it out of the sling.  She got back to the cottage just as the brief shower ended.
Millie got out of her wet sweat-shorts and tank top, took off her ankle holster and attended to the pistol.  Generally speaking, water and pistols did not belong together.  She finished undressing and took a hot shower.  Afterwards, she dressed in jeans, T-shirt and her holstered sidearm.  Millie called Shamus and offered to buy him breakfast at the diner but he said he had a fishing party to guide and had to get ready.  He said he’d take a rain check.
She was getting ready to leave for the diner when George showed up and started unloading steel roofing.  She waved hello and got in the caddy and drove off.
Millie went to the diner and it was “hopping”.   Finding a parking spot was a problem for the diner had become the place to go.  It had become the community’s social center.  As she passed a table full of older retired and semi-retired farmers she put her hand to her hat as if to tip it respectfully, “Good morning gentlemen.”
They all smiled and said good morning in their various ways.  Millie stopped and said hello to several people she knew and others said hello and Millie responded.  She found she was enjoying being better known and thought she would have to be careful not to let it go to her head.  Millie went and sat at her booth.  The diner was very busy but Millie saw Doris coming and she sat down.
“You hear the latest?” Doris asked as she poured coffee.
“What’s that?”
 Doris sat down, “Seems Bullman and his merry gang have pleaded out.  They are barred from holding public office, have to pay fines, and be on probation.  Councilman Wright tendered his resignation as part of the plea agreement.”
Millie was thoughtful, “That is really interesting.”
Doris took a sip of her coffee and then added, “What is more interesting is that the three who owned homes here have them up for sale and have moved out.  The other has moved out of his rental cottage and left for parts unknown.”
 “That was quick.  Let me guess, Marcy has the listing for their houses.”
Doris shrugged, “I don’t know about that.”
“Out of curiosity after breakfast I think I will take a drive around and find out.”
Millie ate breakfast and drove around to the three listed properties.  Sure enough they were all listed with Marcy.  The only property on the lake was Bullman’s on Lakeside Drive and though the realtors “For Sale” sign was at the street the home was not visible from the road.  Millie drove up the tree lined drive.  She had expected to find a cottage like hers.  That is not what she found and she thought bookkeepers must make as much as a CEO to afford a home like this.
 Millie headed for City Hall and parked out front.  Mitch was not there yet so Millie walked down to the small sitting park on the lake behind City Hall.  There was a small boat tied to the public dock.  Mille sat for a few minutes enjoying the morning and watching the fishing boats go up the lake.  She watched a plane on floats take off from the marina.  She thought that it would only be a matter of time until Safe Haven became a tourist destination like the other end of the lake eleven miles away by boat and twenty one by car. 
Millie heard a vehicle and turned to see Mitch’s truck.  She got up and went to city hall.  Mitch was already inside and she went in.
“Good morning Mitch.  How are you this fine morning?”
Mitch smiled, “Just peachy. What are you up to?”
“I thought I’d come and give you an update before I talk to Butch about building your road.”  She sat down and told Mitch about what she had found out.  She also told him about Bullman’s home, “It is a large home on a large lot.  I thought you might want to look at it.  Marcy has it listed.  There’s not much of a market for houses like that in Safe Haven right now and you might get it for less than you could build a road and home for.”
Mitch smiled, “And you say Marcy has it for sale?”
“Yes.”
Mitch picked up the phone and called Marcy’s office.  She was not in but her receptionist was.  Mitch made an appointment to see the home at ten o’clock. He then looked up the assessor’s roll and determined from it how it was valued.  To his surprise, he found the house was not owned by Bullman but by a corporation.  He pulled the civic address file and looked up what the land transfer tax sheet said about what had been paid for the land.  Mitch then examined the building permit to see the declared cost of the building.  From this he had a pretty good idea of what the home had cost.   The market was weak so Mitch figured if he liked the house he should be able to get it near cost.  Millie watched and learned.
When Mitch had finished he went and started coffee and talked as he made it, “I’d like you to go with me Millie when I look at the house.  I don’t think it would be a good idea to be alone with Marcy.”
“OK, makes sense.  You know Mitch, everyone thought Bullman was the big man but perhaps it was someone in the shadows who was pulling the strings.”
Mitch nodded agreement as he brought two cups of coffee.  “I think you are right on the money.  The question is who.  My curiosity is peaked.”
Millie sighed, “I wish the election was over so I could officially get nosey.  Like you my curiosity is driving me crazy.  I keep having this feeling that there is something just on the edge of my consciousness that is the answer but I can’t quite get a grip on it.”
“Well Millie you only know the half of it.  I have been looking over the files.  Several developers approached the previous Council about doing large developments here. At the time they had options on parcels of land, some of which I now own.   I cannot for the life of me figure out why that didn’t happen.  Was it incompetence on the part of the Council or was there some under-handed motive?  If there was, what could it be?”  Mitch handed Millie a file of correspondence.
Millie read the letters which took some time.  When she finished she looked up at Mitch and he could tell she was angry.  “They really put the screws to the citizens didn’t they?   All the jobs, the money, the tourism possibilities lost.”
“Yes, but there is nothing illegal they are just unethical practices.  Apparently the Council just kept dragging things out and kept postponing decisions, continually requesting more information until the developers gave up and went away.  A lot of those developers did projects at the other end of the lake.”
Millie motioned to the evidence safe, “If I were you I’d copy this file and keep the originals in there until I could get them into the safe deposit box.”
Mitch smiled, “Good thinking.”  He went and made two copies of the file and put the originals in the evidence safe.  Then he phoned Anna and brought her up to date on what he had discovered in the files.
At ten o’clock Millie and Mitch were at the home on Lakeside Drive.  Marcy came to meet them as they came up the circular drive.  She was all smiles.
“Good morning Mitch.  Hi, Millie.  Sorry about the misunderstanding Mitch and I hope we can still do business.”
Millie thought Mitch was a gentleman as he smiled and said, “That is water under the bridge Marcy.”
“Good.  Let me show you around.”
It was a beautiful bright open modern single story thirty five hundred square foot home with brick and stone exterior walls.  The entrance way opened into a great room which had fifteen foot high walls, a cathedral ceiling, and a large fireplace on the wall next to the entrance.  The other interior walls were lower, perhaps ten feet high.  On the left side of the great room there was a half bath and a wing with a den, and two guest bedrooms, each with its own bath.  These rooms were accessible off a bright hall which had small windows high up facing the drive.
On the other side of the great room was a similar wing that contained the eat-in kitchen which was open to the great room and the huge master bedroom.  The master bedroom had double walk in closets, a dressing area and a very large master bath.  The floors were ceramic tile or floating wood.  Mitch inspected the workmanship and materials which he determined were of excellent quality.  The side of the house facing the lake was almost entirely glass with blinds between the glass layers and there were French doors opening onto patios.
Marcy chattered on and on about the features as they inspected the house.  Mitch paid some attention to her but spent a great deal of time looking at everything as he inspected inside and out.  The grounds were well landscaped and kept.  There were small patios where the French door exits were from the master bedroom and the guest rooms.  There was as a large patio off the great room.  The large patio had an outdoor stone BBQ on one side and a bar with built in sink and refrigerator on the other.  The view to the lake was clear.  There was a boat dock and a shallow pebble beach.
Mitch was accustomed to good living and recognized it when he saw it.  He had only one question, “What is the asking price?”  
Marcy smile, “Only five hundred thousand.”
Mitch turned it over in his head.  There were things here that were not in his calculations and he made allowances for them.   This home was worth a lot more than the asking price.  
He looked at Marcy, “Write an offer for three fifty cash, five thousand dollar earnest money in trust, seven day closing, twenty four hours for acceptance, subject to the usual adjustments, the only condition being a satisfactory inspection by the purchaser’s inspector at the purchaser’s expense.  Millie will make the arrangements to have the inspector come.”
Marcy smiled, “I don’t think the owner will accept the offer.  Perhaps you could come up at least over the four hundred mark?”
Mitch looked Marcy in the eye, “Are you refusing to present my offer?”
Marcy was stunned, “No, I didn’t mean that.”
“OK then, let’s write it up.”
Marcy filled out the forms on the kitchen counter and Mitch reviewed the offer to purchase making some small changes Marcy missed, and initialed them.  He signed it and gave her a check for the deposit.  Marcy gave Mitch a copy of the offer.  They exchanged pleasantries and Millie and Mitch went to Mitch’s truck.
As they drove off Millie asked, “Do you really think they will accept your offer?”
Mitch shrugged, “I wouldn’t if I owned it.  It was underpriced to start with.”
“Why then did you make the offer?”
Mitch smiled, “For some reason everything at this end of the lake is underpriced.”
Millie sat thinking what he said over.  There had been a conspiracy to keep development away which kept prices low.   Perhaps the Commission scheming was an attempt to control the majority of the land before the development occurred.  That was a possibility but it didn’t just seem right to her.  There was something else eating at the edge of conscious thought.  It would come to her eventually.  She was sure of it.
As Millie and Mitch were leaving Marcy called the vendor to arrange to present the offer.  She was told to come and she left for Mountain View immediately.  She expected to bring back a counter offer and needed the commission.  She hoped this creep Mitch would meet the counter offer price.
It was almost lunch time so Mitch and Millie went to the diner to eat.  Mitch asked Millie not to mention the offer.  The parking lot was almost full already.  Millie enjoyed the idea that she had a standing reserved table.  Doris was socializing with the customers when they came in.  Millie led the way greeting town’s folk and friends enjoying the friendly banter.  Mitch followed along and Millie introduced him to people who he had not met one on one.
Millie slipped into the booth with her back against the wall as had become her habit.  Mitch had hardly sat down when Doris came to the table and slid in beside him.
She smiled at Mitch, “How you doing today handsome?”
Mitch laughed, “I’d love to flirt with you but between Doc and Red here I think we’d both be in trouble.”
Millie started laughing and a lot of people glanced their way for a moment before going back to their meals.  Millie knew she was blushing, but this time just a little.  She seemed to be getting a handle on that.
Doris asked, “Whatever have you two been up to now?”
Mitch smiled, leaned over and whispered, “If you want to know the confidential scoop you will have to invite us over to your place so we can bring you and Doc up to speed.  Perhaps it might be a good idea to invite Anna as well.”
Doris smiled, “Fine but you bring the wine and it had better be the good stuff.”
Mitch nodded, “I’ll buy the most expensive box I can find.”
Doris hit him playfully in the shoulder.  The waitress came and Millie and Mitch ordered.  Doris did something unexpected and ordered as well so Mitch and Millie looked at her with a surprised look on their faces.
Doris smiled, “Rank has its privileges. It is always busy now and I can afford enough staff so I mainly act as hostess and when I take a break whichever shift supervisor is on duty takes over.”
Millie looked at Doris and didn’t say anything but it seemed Doris knew what she was thinking.
“Yeah, it was Doc’s idea.  He was right to.  I don’t have to work as many hours as I have all these years now that business is so good.”
Mitch added, “I will bet it is only going to get better.”
After lunch, Millie asked Doris to Email some photos of the gunslinger to City Hall as she had promised two girls autographed photos.  Doris said she would.  Millie went with Mitch back to City Hall.  When they got there Mitch’s phone was blinking indicating a voice mail.  It was Captain Cal asking Mitch to call him.   Mitch did.  Millie listened to Mitch’s side of the call but didn’t get much from it.  When the conversation was complete Mitch thanked Cal and turned to Millie.
“Using the license number a deputy tracked down the owner of the truck.  The surveyors work for a company called Chime Development Corp.    They are the ones that own the house I just made the offer on.  ”
Millie was stunned, “No kidding.”
Mitch continued, “Anyway the company official the deputy talked to apologized and said the surveyors had gone to the wrong property.   He said it was embarrassing and wouldn’t happen again.   Perhaps you can see what you can turn up on Chime.”
Millie fired up her computer and went to work.  She turned up results almost immediately.  The corporation had a pretty sophisticated web site which indicated the company was involved in commercial, residential and vacation developments.   The site gave an example of each type of development.  The house Mitch had bid on was featured as an example of the vacation homes built by the company.    Millie thought it was interesting that there was an eight hundred number on the website and an email address but no contact name.
Millie searched the Secretary of State’s web site and found the corporation was state chartered.  She was able to get the names of the officers and the agent of record, a legal firm in Mountain View.  She looked up the firm and found it was a one man operation.  Millie next did a search of the Mountain View phone directory and found that Chime had a listed phone number and address in Mountain View.
Millie gathered all the print outs of what she had found and went and sat at Mitch’s desk.  She showed him all she had discovered.  He listened intently as she explained the documents and sat back in his chair, “Anything else?”
“Oh yeah.  The name of one of the officers of Chime seemed familiar.  I checked.  He is also an officer of Safe Haven Marina LLC.   I suggest we keep this under our hats until after the Marshal election so we can keep the investigation in house.   I think I will also start researching what else Chime owns around here.”
“Good idea.”
Millie was headed back to the desk where she had been working when Marcy came in.  She handed the document to Mitch, “Looks like you bought yourself a home.”
Mitch nodded, “Good.  I’m glad we could do business together.”
Marcy added, “The closing will be in Mountain View at three p.m. Friday, a week from tomorrow.   It will be here.”  She handed Mitch a lawyer’s card.  
Mitch smiled, “I’ll arrange for my attorney to be there.”
Marcy offered her hand, which Mitch shook as she said, “I’ll see you then.”
After she left Mitch looked at Millie, “That was unexpected.  I never thought they would accept that offer in a million years.”  He called his lawyer and then faxed a copy of the offer and the business card.
Millie picked up the phone, “I’ll arrange to have the property inspected right away.”  She made the arrangements.  After hanging up she turned to Mitch who was still sitting there thinking, “You move so fast.  You haven’t even been here three weeks and already you are the largest land owner in the City and have just bought probably the finest home in the City.  Unbelievable, absolutely unbelievable.”
Mitch chuckled at hearing his own expression come back to him.  “Actually it’s been seventeen days since Shamus welcomed me.   You know the two farms closed quickly and I wasn’t even present; my attorneys took care of it.  I think though that I will be at this closing.”
Millie laughed, “Boy you really are curious.”
Mitch closed the office at four and Millie headed for home.  She had a couple of hours until she was to be at Doris’s place.   She arrived at the cottage to find George and a helper at work on the roofing.  She waved and they waved back.  It was obviously hot on the roof for they were both drenched in sweat.
“You want some ice tea?”
George called back, “Ice tea would be nice.”
Millie went inside and prepared three tall glasses and a full pitcher, put them on a tray, and brought them out to the porch.  The two men were already sitting and Millie handed them glasses.  
George took a long drink and said, “Thank you. “  He took a drink.  “That hits the spot.  This is my niece’s boy Kevin.  He lives up by Longview.”
Millie took a sip, “Pleased to meet you Kevin.”  Millie took another sip. “It must be hot up there George.”
“Yeah Millie, it’s starting to get to be that time of year.  A little warmer than usual for April though.”
“You and your helper seem to be making good progress.”
“Yeah, the roof was structurally good.  We should be finished the roofing by dark.  Tomorrow we’ll start painting.   I’m glad you are paying for the good stuff, not only will the paint last longer it is easier going on.  Thick, lots of pigment and good binder.   After we finish the cottage, we’ll start on the garage.”
A breeze came up and they sat there enjoying it.  After a second glass of tea the men went back to work and Millie just sat there enjoying the view of the lake and the gentle waves lapping at the shore.  Millie realized she was missing one thing most of the cottages had; a dock.   She’d probably see Shamus more often if she had one.  She would have to ask George about building her one.
Millie went inside and got what she thought of as one of her “silly books.”   The romance novels were just nonsense but she enjoyed reading them.  She guessed it was the “girlie” part of her and she embraced it.   She changed to shorts and went back to porch and sat reading her book.
George and Kevin came down the ladder about five thirty to take their meal break and Millie went inside to get ready to go to Doris’s.   She changed back into her jeans and ran a brush through her hair carefully, noting the spots on her head were not noticeable.  She checked her pistol to make sure the safety was on and put on her hat, locked the door, got in the car and was off to Doris’s.
Millie was first to arrive at Doris’s place.   She knocked and Doris came to the door just as Doc pulled up.
Doris motioned to Millie, “Come on in.”  She stood at the door as Doc approached and he kissed her and walked right in.   Doris went without asking to get beer. 
Doc smiled at Millie, “Thank you!  Thank you from the bottom of my heart.”
Millie asked, “Whatever for?”
Doc chuckled, “For helping me get my head out of you know where.  Doris is a fantastic woman and she actually likes me.”
Millie smiled, “Told you so.”
Doc smiled, “And you have my permission to say so for the rest of my life.”
Doris came in, “Has your permission to say what?”
Doc grinned, looking at Millie conspiratorially, “It’s our secret.”
Doris shrugged.  “Millie will tell me when you are not around.”
Doc laughed, “Probably.”
 They sat down and the door bell rang.  Doris jumped back up and went to the door.  It was Mitch and Anna.   Doris welcomed them.   Hugs were exchanged and then Doris led them to the living room.  Millie had already fetched two more bottles of beer which she handed to Anna and Mitch.
Doris was curious, “So what’s up?”
Anna looked at Mitch, “You first.”
“I have purchased a home.  The place where Bullman used to live.”
Doc said enthusiastically, “Great, we are neighbors.  I have the Cape Cod next door.  Beautiful place you bought.”
Doris was sitting next to Doc and gave him a playful elbow, “Let him finish.”
“That’s it, Anna’s turn.”  Mitch looked at Anna.
Anna looked around at everybody for dramatic effect, “Mitch is tendering his resignation and has given notice.”
Doris gasped, “No!”
Anna laughed, “Don’t worry he’s not leaving us.  He’s staying and going into business here.  This is top secret for the time being.  The business he will be in would result in too many conflicts of interest for him to remain working for the City.  Mitch has advised me that he thinks we can get along with a City Clerk and he has already found us an outstanding one.  Once he has his year’s residency he might even run for office.   It might be a stepping stone to greater elected office although he denies it now.”  
Doc asked the obvious question, “Who are you going to appoint to replace Wright until the next regular election?”
Anna stared at Doris who looked flustered, “I don’t want it.”
“Yeah, but I hope you will take it.”
Doris thought more about what Anna was proposing, “I guess I could agree and if I don’t like it I don’t have to run for the next term.  What I don’t understand is why Millie has to have a special election and I can be appointed.”
Anna hesitated, “It doesn’t make sense but that’s the way the law is.”  Then Anna finished the real business of the evening by saying, “OK, it’s all settled.”   She raised her bottle and made a toast which everyone repeated, “To progress and prosperity.”
*****
The next morning Millie got up at her usual time and finished her exercises and running and was back at the cottage, showered and ready to leave by the time George and Kevin arrived at five to seven.  George and Kevin waved good morning and started unloading the truck.
Millie sat on her porch enjoying the quiet morning and the breeze off the lake sipping a cup of coffee.  She thought how good life was and how beautiful it was here.  
George came to the porch when they had finished unloading, “Today we’ll be painting but I intend to knock off early seeing its Friday.  Any problem with that?”
Millie smiled, “No George.  I hope you enjoy the weekend with your family.”
George continued, “The extended forecast is for nice weather for the next seven days so I expect we will get it all done next week.”
“OK, sounds good.  Sometime next week how about giving me a price to build a dock?”
George looked toward the lake, “Can and will do.  I’d better get to work ‘cause the boss lady doesn’t like slow workers.”  He grinned at his own humor.
Millie couldn’t help herself, “You betcha.”    She took her cup inside and locked up and left for the diner.  She had gotten used to seeing a lot of vehicles at the diner but this morning it was brutal.  She had to park three blocks away.  When she came into the diner Doris was having a problem with two young men who were insisting on taking the reserved table.
Millie walked up to Doris, “You having a problem Doris?”
Doris turned to Millie, “No Marshal, I was just explaining to these young men that your table was reserved.  I don’t want to press charges, just let them go.  You know how much damage there was the last time you beat that giant to a pulp.”
Millie nodded, “OK Doris.”  Millie tipped her hat to the young men.
The large one said, “She’s just a bitty thing.”
Big Burt was sitting at one of the tables.  He was the biggest man in the county.  He stopped in mid bite and looked at the young man and said “Boy, you got more guts than me.”  He turned to Millie and said, “I’m between them and the big window, can you wait until I get my meal out of here.”  Big Burt picked up his plate and started to move.
The two young men looked at each other.  The bigger one said, “We meant no harm ma’am.  I guess we will just leave now.”
Millie glared at him and the hairs stood up on the back of his neck.  He had been around the block and he had seen that look before and now he saw it in her eyes as she declared, “That would probably be a good idea.”
After they left a few customers started to chuckle.  They were tourists who had come for the atmosphere.  One fellow behind Big Burt said, “That was mighty nice of you.” 
Big Burt looked at him, “Nothin’ nice about it.  I was drunk and beatin’ on her brother and she came along and wupped me good.  If she hadn’t I probably would have killed Shamus and been in prison.  I didn’t want them young men endin’ up in the hospital like me.  She’s got my respec’ don’t you see.”  Big Burt went back to eating his breakfast.
The tourist looked at the little red head and then at Big Burt and he just couldn’t picture it.  He then remembered that sometimes it really is that truth is stranger than fiction.  The man looked at the posters on the wall and then looked at the little red head.  He understood then.
Millie sat down at her table and Doris came back with a pot of coffee as always and sat down.  She looked at Millie, “I was worried for a minute.  I saw that look in your eyes and I knew you were in that protective mode where you would take on the world.  It was like that night with Shamus and Big Bert.”  
Millie sighed, “All’s well that ends well so how about a cup of that coffee?”
Doris poured her a cup, “I shouldn’t have gotten into it with those pups.”
Millie shook her head no, “It’s your place Doris and you had the right to tell them where or where not to sit or to leave.  You earned the right.”
“I suppose you’re right Millie.”  Doris poured herself a cup of coffee.
A waitress came and took Millie’s order, and then Millie asked Doris, “How are things going with you and Doc?”
Doris looked Millie in the eye, “I am happy when I’m with him and my life seems fuller even when we are apart.  I’ll be broken hearted if this doesn’t work out.”
“I don’t think you have to worry about that they way he looks at you like a puppy looking at a chew bone.”
Doris laughed, “Now that’s not exactly a romantic picture.”
“It’s still true,” Millie protested.  “Mark my words; you’ll be hitched by thanksgiving.  If Doc still has his head up his, well you know where, the day before Thanksgiving I’ll go looking for him with a twelve gauge.”
Doris was smiling broadly, “A shotgun wedding huh?”
“Hey it worked in the past.  Besides my reputation as a predictor of romantic bliss is now on the line and I have to protect it.”
        The two friends talked until Millie’s breakfast came and then they talked some more as it was eaten.  A half hour after arriving Millie left.  She went to the clinic to see Doc.  After a fifteen minute wait Babette came out.
“Hi Millie.  How you doing girlfriend?”
Millie thought how Babette always seemed to be upbeat, “I’m doing good.  You?”
“Doing good.  Jake even worked some last week on a job for Butch.  Heard you arranged that.  Thanks.”  Babette took Millie into an examination room.  Millie thought about Babette’s husband Jake.  He was one of the good ones and the one constant on Butch’s crew since the beginning.
Peggy came in.  “Hi Millie. Thanks for giving Butch the referral.”  Nurse Peggy was Butch’s wife.    Peggy did what she needed to.  “Doc will be with you shortly, gotta run we are really busy today.”
Millie sat looking at the posters that seemed to be in every examination room until Doc came into the room.  Millie thought he had energy and a bounce in his step.  Millie concluded Doc and Doris were really good for each other. 
Doc took her arm out of the sling, “Let me see your range of motion.”
Millie showed him and he asked, “How much can you lift with it?”
She responded without thinking, “I’m up to thirty pounds.”  She felt like a school kid who was about to be sent to the principal’s office.
Doc smiled, “I wouldn’t have recommended it but your self-therapy seems to be working.  Get rid of the sling.  Take it up gradually, OK?”
‘OK Doc.  By the way how are you and Doris getting along?”  Millie watched as Doc sat down.  
“She is a wonder.  Between you and me I love her.”
Millie asked, “Why?”
Doc was taken aback, “Why do I love her?”
Millie shook her head violently, “NO!  Why between you and me.  Have you told her?”
Doc now looked sheepish, “I don’t want to scare her off.  I’d ask her to marry me if I wasn’t afraid she might run for the hills.”  Doc hung his head.
Before he could move, Millie jumped down from the examination table and as he lifted his head she hit him softly on the forehead with the palm of her hand, “Dufus!  Do you need a map and instructions?  It’s obvious the woman is mad about you.  Get your …”
Doc interjected laughing, “Don’t say it, I got it.  You really think?” 
Millie yelled it; “Yes dummy.”
Doc was smiling broadly, “You think I should buy her a ring?”
Millie was now getting frustrated, “I said it before and I’ll say it again.  For a smart man sometimes you seem to have a much brains as a box of rocks.  Yes buy her a rock, a big one, take her someplace romantic, and ask.”  With that, Millie stomped out of the office slamming the door behind her.  Men could be such idiots.
Peggy had heard the whole thing from her station in the hall and was stifling her laughter.  The people in the waiting room had just heard the “dummy” part and watched Millie stomping out.  It just added to the mystique that was developing around Millie.  No one but Millie could get away with talking to Doc like that.
Millie threw the stained sling in the waste receptacle outside the clinic door and headed for her car.  Doc came running, calling after her.   The people in the waiting room watched through the window to see the confrontation.   Millie turned around and saw Doc smiling broadly as he reached out and gave her a big hug.  
“Thanks Millie, you are a good friend.”  He turned and walked back into the building.  The people waiting to be seen were now really puzzled.
Millie drove to City Hall and went into the office.  Mitch was working on the computer and looked up, “Hi Millie.”
“Morning Mitch.  Got anything for me to do today?”
“Yup.  It seems I will have a new house to furnish.  Would you be my interior designer?  You can do it part time.  I’ll pay you the same as I did for full time work until the nominations close and you are acclaimed.  I expect by then you will have all the furniture picked out.  My budget is sixty grand.”
Millie laughed, “This is the first time I will be paid for shopping and spending somebody else’s money.’
“Good, then you’ll do it.  You have less than three weeks until nominations close.  You’d better get on it.”
Millie sat down and took off her hat, “Don’t get your boxers in a wad.  There’s plenty of time.  What do you want?”
“Just buy what you like and what you would want if the house was yours.  I’m sure that will be fine.”  Mitch leaned back in his chair and started to sip from his coffee cup.
“It will be better than fine.  It will be exquisite and comfortable, colorful and not over stated but a reflection of a person of taste.”
 Mitch choked on his coffee and started laughing, “I bet it will be too.  You are unbelievable, absolutely unbelievable.” 
Millie replied simply, “You betcha.”
Mitch groaned.
“Aren’t you going to offer me a cup of coffee?” Millie asked coyly.
“Help yourself.”
 Millie went a got a cup of coffee and returned and sat down. “Have you prepared a budget yet so the police force can be re-established and properly equipped?  How much have you recovered so far?”
Mitch smiled, “The City has almost two million dollars in the bank and more is coming.”
Millie whistled, “That’s more money than the City has ever had.”
“I have prepared a budget for the next year including a capital budget for needed repairs and equipment.  We will need a reserve for support of future development.”
Millie looked hard at Mitch.  “I think I know what kind of business you are going into.  I bet you know a lot of money people.”
Mitch smiled, “I hope you don’t go spreading your unfounded speculation.”
Millie stuck her tongue out at him to which he replied, “Stop it, you are turning me on.”  Millie was mortified and felt her face turning red.
Mitch smiled, “I think my new nickname for you is Red.”
Millie put her cup on the desk picked up her hat and got up and walked toward the door, “Seeing as a lady can’t get any respect around here I’m leaving.”  She watched the glass to see if he was watching her backfield in motion.  He was.
“Hey Red, don’t you want your pay?”
Millie turned around to see Mitch waving an envelope.  She went back and snatched from his hand.  “The next time you call me Red I’ll feed you a knuckle sandwich city boy.”   She said it with a smile but she could tell he knew she was half serious and she just might do it.  She left without saying a word.
Millie got in her car and drove toward Mountain View.  As she drove she thought about Mitch.  He was cute, smart, rich and nice.  She really liked him but would he be enough of a man for her.  Tom had been but it was unfair to compare the two.  They were just too different.  Her mind went into neutral as she drove enjoying the warm spring day.
When she got to Mountain View she drove past the commercial areas into the county on the other side.  She had purchased all her wood furniture from James.  It was all handmade, beautifully finished, and made from the finest hardwood.  It would last a lifetime.  She had always saved to buy one of his pieces because they were expensive.  She pulled into the long farm drive that went up to his shop and heard a saw running.  She got out and walked in.
James saw her and stopped what he was doing and came to her taking off his goggles, “Millie, good to see you.”  He came and gave her a friendly hug.  “What brings you way out here?  This a social call?”
“I am ashamed to admit it isn’t.  I’m here on business; a buying trip actually to furnish a friend’s house.”
James went to an intercom, “Let me call up to the house.  Marge can take you to the warehouse to see what we have.”
“OK, I will head over.  Thanks James.” Millie said as she left the workshop and started walking to the steel farm equipment building James used as his warehouse.  Millie arrived about the same time as Marge.
Marge gave Millie a hug, “Good to see you.  James said you were looking for some furniture.  What can I help you with in particular?”
“Well to start with I’d like fifteen of those colorful Adirondack chairs in assorted colors and three small umbrella tables to match.  I’d also like a large umbrella table.”
Marge smiled, “I can give you a discount on that size order.  James will have to make another of the small tables because we only have two left.”
Millie knew the price tags on the furniture were the prices she would pay but Marge gave repeat customers five percent off on larger orders.  James and Marge charged a fair price for the quality furniture he made.
“I also need a King size master bedroom suite and two queen sized suites as well as a kitchen table set and a dining set.  I will also need living room tables and two rocking chairs finished to match the small bedroom suites.”
Marge showed Millie what they had and Millie picked out what she wanted.  Marge wrote up the bill and gave it to Millie with a seven and a half percent discount.  The bill was for just over twenty one thousand dollars.
Millie figured in a designer’s shop a person would have had to pay two to three times as much for the same quality.  Millie told Marge who to make the bill out to and that she would get a check when the furniture was delivered a week from tomorrow.  She told Marge she was sorry it would be a Saturday delivery but the house closing was on Friday.  Marge said it wasn’t a problem because the men she used had no problem working Saturday.  She thanked Millie for bringing them the business and took Millie back to the shop to tell James about the purchase.  James thanked her.  Marge asked her to stay for lunch but Millie declined because she had more shopping and arrangements to make and told Marge so. 
Millie drove into Mountain View to the well known mattress store where she ordered mattresses to be delivered.  They wanted a deposit so she phoned Mitch who gave them a credit card number.  Next she went to the upscale furniture store where she chose two sofas, a love seat, three chairs and three area rugs as well as bed spread sets. By the time she finished it was lunch time so she treated herself at the BBQ Pit.
After lunch she ordered four flat screen TVs to be installed on wall mounts a week from Monday.  The installers were to call her for a time to get in.  She wanted time to arrange the furniture before deciding where they would go.  She also ordered a sound system which would be installed at the same time and kitchen appliances.  It was all to be delivered on the Saturday after the closing.  She had to call Mitch again to arrange a deposit.
After the electronics and appliance store she went to pick up the two mounted posters she had ordered on-line.  She also bought a Sharpie to sign them with.  Her next stop was the art co-op where she purchased paintings of local landscapes by local artists for each of the bedrooms and a colorful abstract for the great room.  The co-op did not take credit cards but agreed to deliver the paintings a week Saturday for a small fee and pick up a check.
Millie went to the electric utility office and arranged to have the electric turned on.  She called the water district office and arranged to have the water turned on.
By half past three in the afternoon Millie had completed her errands for the day and stopped by the Police Station and asked if Sergeant Emmerson was on duty.  He wasn’t but Millie had his cell phone number and called him.  He said it would be fine if she wanted to drop by and give the girls the photos.
Millie arrived at Bill Emmerson’s house a little after four.  She was introduced to the girls who she found delightful.  They were excited to meet Millie and she wrote personal messages on each of their posters and signed them.  Millie could tell daddy had made big time “brownie points”.  Twenty minutes later Millie was cruising back to Safe Haven, the windows down and the cool breeze blowing through her hair.
She arrived at the diner about half past five and the place was booming.  Millie made nice with the customers stopping to talk to the locals and saying hello to visitors.  She took her usual seat.  The waitress came to Millie, explained Doris was off tonight and took Millie’s order.  Millie ate a light meal and headed home.
As Millie drove up she realized how much better the cottage looked with the new roof and as the side facing her had been painted she got an idea of just how good the place was going to look and the shutters weren’t on yet.  Millie parked.  George and Kevin had finished the one side of the cottage and the front wall but not the porch.  Half of the porch was “roped off” with yellow tape because of wet paint.  The two Adirondack chairs from that side had been moved to the other side.
Millie went in and changed into her shorts grabbed her book, a glass of ice tea, and went bare footed onto the porch with her silly book.  She took her pistol out of her waistband and laid it on the arm of the chair.  It was a beautiful evening and for a while she just sat there enjoying the light breeze off the lake while reading.  As the light started to fade, she gathered up her things and went inside.  Millie was a bit of a non conformist and refused to buy a TV.  She was sitting quietly reading when she heard the car coming down the lane.  She put down her book and tucked her pistol in the back of her waistband and went to the door.
It was Doc’s car.  What was Doc doing here at almost eleven o’clock?  Millie went out the door as Doris seemed to bounce up the three porch steps, “I’m getting married!  I just had to let you be the first to know.  Isn’t it wonderful?”
Doris was hugging her so hard Millie thought she wouldn’t be able to take her next breath.  Doc was coming up the steps a big grin on his face.
Doris let go of Millie, “Aren’t you going to invite us in?”
Millie opened the door and Doris went through babbling, “It’s not like we just met.  We’ve know each other for years.  I am so happy.”  Millie watched Doris turn and give Doc a big smooch.  Smooch was the only way Millie could think of it.
“I am so happy for both of you.”  Millie hugged them both in turn.  “Sit down and I’ll get you both an ice tea.  Sorry I don’t have anything else unless you want ice water.”
Doris beamed, “Ice tea will be fine,” she turned to Doc, “that alright with you?”
Doc nodded still grinning like a Cheshire cat.
Millie brought them ice tea.
Doris held out her hand showing off the engagement ring.  “Isn’t it gorgeous?  I want you to be by maid of honor.  Will you do it; will you?”
Millie laughed, “How could I not.  Your excitement is contagious.   Have you set a date?”
“Saturday, May seventeenth.  It is going to be a small wedding at the diner, say about everybody we know.  The theme will be cowboy so gingham dresses, jeans and cowboy boots will be in order.  We are going to put up a big tent in the parking lot and do BBQ and have a regular old party.  The County will just have to suffer through the diner being closed one day.”
Doc finally interjected, “You know of course that probably every person who ever entered the diner will show up for a free sandwich plate.”
It was Doris’s turn to laugh, “Yeah but we’ll pay for it with the profit from the beer sales.  And oh Millie, the Mountain View Country Gentlemen will be playing for the dance in the parking lot.  We’re setting up a stage trailer.  Everyone will be told to bring lawn chairs.  It will be a really down home time.” 
Millie thought for a moment, “Let’s call Anna and Mitch to come over and we’ll share the good news and celebrate.”
Doris clapped her hands like a little girl, “Let’s.”
Millie called Anna first and told her to come over as there was something important happening.  Anna said she would be right over.  Shamus answered when Millie called and she invited him to come and then when Mitch came on the line half asleep Mille ordered him to get some beer and get over to her place.  Within fifteen minutes everyone was at Millie’s and celebrating.
That night Shamus slept on Millie’s sofa and Mitch slept in the recliner because Millie would not let them drive.  Babette came and drove Doc and Doris home.
In the morning Millie woke up early as was her usual routine.  On Saturday’s and Sunday’s she did not exercise but showered first thing and got dressed.  She wrote a note which she taped to the front door before leaving.  The two men were still asleep and snoring.
The diner was buzzing when Millie came in and started greeting everyone.  The pending nuptials were the topics of most of the conversation.  Doris was socializing and showing of her rock.  It was a very impressive engagement ring.
A waitress came to Millie’s table and poured a cup of coffee as Millie greeted her, “Hi Jenny.  You working here now?”
“Mornin’ Millie.  Yeah, it beats driving into Mountain View all the time and Doris is fair to her workers.  The tips are much better here and so I can make a good wage even though the base pay is only two fifty an hour.  What can I get you?”
“Please, a glass of orange juice, two poached eggs, and four strips of crisp bacon with whole wheat toast and strawberry preserves.  Joe knows how to cook my bacon just write my name on the order.”
Jenny smiled, “Sure thing Millie.”
Millie added, “You might as well pour another cup for Doris.  I expect she will come over directly.”
Jenny poured the coffee and left as Doris came and sat down, “Life is good today.”
Just then Shamus and Mitch came through the door and headed for Millie’s table.  Millie got up and hugged Shamus and Mitch stepped forward for his so Millie hugged him also.  She motioned Shamus inside.
“I like to sit on the outside.”
Millie smiled, “You might want to reconsider that in case somebody decides to start shooting at me again.  I would think you would want me to draw fire away from you.”
Shamus slid into the booth to Mitch’s laughter as he sat down.  Shamus looked at him, “What are you laughing at?  You will be between the shooter and Millie.”
For just a moment Mitch looked over his shoulder and everybody at the table started to laugh.
Shamus smiled, “Gotcha city boy.”
Doris observed, “You two seem to be getting along well.  Being housemates seems to agree with you both.”
Mitch changed the subject, “You didn’t tell me how much of my money you’ve spent so far.”
Jenny brought Millie’s food.  She started eating and purposely ignoring Mitch.
“Well aren’t you going to tell me?”
Millie shrugged, “Didn’t your mother teach you it’s not polite to talk about business at the table.”
Mitch laughed, “In my family it’s never inappropriate to talk business or politics.”  
Mitch turned to Jenny who was waiting patiently and ordered food.  Shamus also ordered and Doris asked for an order of toast.  
Doc came waltzing in and pulled a chair up to the end of the booth table, “Good morning all.  Wonderful day isn’t it?”
Shamus looked at Doc, “You really are lovesick, aren’t you?  I would like to know how a homely geezer like you was able to scam the prize bachelorette of the county into marrying you.”
Doc just grinned, “Just lucky I guess.”
Millie thought about how Doc was just in too good a mood to be rattled.  She saw him regarding Doris with a dreamy look.  They were both beautiful to watch.
Jenny came back, “What do you need Doc?”
Doc smiled at Jenny, “My dear woman, I now posses everything I need as the love of my life has accepted my proposal for marriage.  Nevertheless, you could bring me a number two.”
Jenny couldn’t help but chuckle, “OK Doc, one number two coming up.”
Millie had just finished the last of her breakfast when Mitch said, “Come on, how much?”
“About thirty eight so far.”  Millie pulled four folded itemized invoices out and handed them to Mitch.  “I promised them checks would be ready for the balances when they deliver.”
Mitch looked at the invoices and refolded them and put them in his pocket, “I’ll leave the checks for you here at the diner.”
Shamus, never the example of tact, asked, “You two going to shack up together?”
Millie laughed because for the first time it was Mitch turning red.  “Unbelievable, absolutely unbelievable,” she offered.
Mitch glared at Millie knowing what she was referring to.  He looked at Shamus, “No, I hired Millie to furnish my new house for me.  Sort of a personal shopper slash interior designer.”
Shamus was not one to be taken aback, “Well thirty eight hundred dollars is a lot of furniture so I just assumed.”
Millie interjected, “Not thirty eight hundred, thirty eight thousand.”
Shamus muttered, “I didn’t charge enough for the room.  City slicker snookered me.  I thought he was a poor working guy.”
Mitch offered a, “Whatever,” and punched Shamus in the arm and Shamus smiled.
Millie recognized that the two men had bonded and genuinely liked each other.  It was then that she thought she would have liked to be a fly on the wall when these two were together. Millie enjoyed the banter between her friends and she sipped her coffee listening to the conversation.  She really felt at home.
Doris suggested she and Millie go dress shopping in Mountain View for something to wear to the wedding.  Doc was on duty that afternoon and evening so Doris was free.  Millie agreed and when breakfast was over that’s what they did.  They had a girl’s day out.
 After the shopping trip they went to Millie’s place, went swimming and Doris stayed the night.  Millie went to sleep thinking it had been an entirely enjoyable day.
Chapter 6 - Surprise, Surprise
It was a sunny Sunday morning and Millie rose early, showered, dressed and went out on the porch to drink coffee until Doris woke.  It was about six forty five when Doc drove up.  He got out of his Yukon and came up onto the porch.  He had on a very nice sport shirt and slacks and was wearing dress shoes rather than the cross trainers he usually wore to work.
“I take it Doris isn’t up yet.”
Millie shook her head, “Nope.”
“Better wake her.”
Millie looked at Doc, “Why?”
“I guess she forgot to tell her maid of honor.  Surprise, surprise, we are going to church so you can meet the pastor who will be marrying us.”
Millie tilted her head, “I didn’t know you were a church goer Doc.”
Doc smiled, “More than that.  I am a true believer.  Hardly miss a Sunday.  I guess you didn’t know that Doris goes to the same church.”
Millie paused, “No, I didn’t know.  Another surprise on a Sunday morning.”
Doc smiled.  “You know the old white school house on Maple Street.”
“Yes Doc.”
 Doc smiled, “Well the church bought it and is turning it into a mission church.  It’s going to be called Safe Haven Harbor Community Church or some such.  It’ll be opening in a couple of weeks.  The fellow who will be marrying us will be taking it over.  Nice young fellow.  I think you’ll like him.”
“What’s a mission church Doc?”
Doc smiled, “It’s like a start up church sponsored by another church until it can stand on its own.”
Millie thought for a moment, “Well I guess having a church is a sign of progress for Safe Haven.  The Bible thumpers won’t have to go so far now.”
Doc laughed and his laughter brought Doris out onto the porch and she asked, “What time is it?”
Doc answered, “We’ve got lots of time Doris; it’s only about seven.   I just wanted to make sure you were up and at ‘em and Millie hadn’t led you so far down the garden path that you would miss our rendezvous.”
Doris looked at Millie, “Isn’t he just too sweet.  How about giving him some coffee while I get ready?”
 “Take a chair Doc and I’ll get you some java.”  Millie went in and got Doc a full cup and sat down in the chair next to him.
Doc took a sip, “It’s a relatively informal church Millie.  You don’t have to dress special.”
Millie smiled, “Hell, for Doris Doc I’ll even wear a skirt.”
Doc nodded, “I’ll buy you both breakfast.”
“It’s the least you can do seeing as you are dragging me off to church.”
Doc smiled.  “It was drugs that got me into church.”
Millie perked up, “How so?”
“Well on Sundays my parents drug me off to church.  In fact every time the church doors opened my parents drugged me off to church.  Finally, I got the message.  Like you said, for a smart man sometimes I can be as dumb as a box of rocks.”
Millie didn’t like where this was headed. “I am going to go change into something more appropriate for your meeting.   That last thing I want to do is embarrass Doris.”
Doc looked at her and the question was unspoken.
“Doc, let’s face it, you don’t embarrass easily.”
Millie went inside.  She ended up wearing cowboy boots, a long flowing southwestern print skirt, flowing blouse, short jacket, cowboy hat, a small fringed shoulder purse, and shoulder and ankle holstered pistols.  Doris came out wearing what she had worn to Millie’s.
“I need to go home and change.”
They did that and then went to the diner for breakfast.  They drove twenty three miles to the sponsoring church which was off the highway and about ten miles this side of Mountain View.  It was called Crossroads Church because it was at the crossroads of two county highways.  It was a typical country church; large and white with a bell tower topped by a cross.  The parking lot was full and people were streaming into the building as the bell was being rung.
Doc parked and they went inside and found a place in a pew where they could sit together.  It took some doing because the place was packed.  Millie enjoyed the singing and the old time preacher was pretty good.   He even kept Millie’s attention for most of the sermon.  After the service the pastor was at the door socializing with everyone as they left.   Millie saw Anna talking to the preacher. 
Millie turned around in her seat and saw him at the front of the church.  He was about five feet ten inches tall and proportioned like a body builder from what Millie could see.  He had a handsome face.  He was one of the best looking men she had ever seen.  She whispered to Doris, “Get a load of the stud at the front of the church.  Isn’t he enough to get your motor running?  I bet he looks even better without his shirt on.” 
The man was coming toward them.  Doc got up, “Hi, good to see you again Pastor Dan.  Let me introduce you to the maid of honor, this is Millie, Millie this is Pastor Dan.”
Millie probably shouldn’t have said it but she did.  “Well if I knew there were pastors who looked like you I’d have been a regular church going woman by now.”
Much to Millie’s surprise he laughed.  “Thank you so very much.   I love your wit and you have made my day.  I am after all still a man and your compliment is much appreciated.  What did you think of the service?”
Millie figured she might just as well keep on with this being direct, “It seemed a little constrained and conservative to suit my taste.  I would have liked more upbeat music; a little more contemporary country rock type of thing.”
Pastor Dan smiled, “Exactly.   That’s what I want in the Safe Haven church.  Perhaps you could help me find some musicians and singers.”
Doris interjected, “Doc and I want to invite you to come to his home”, she looked admiringly at doc, “soon to be our home, next Saturday, for a BBQ.  You can get to know some of the folks from the community.  What do you say?”
“That would be great.  I’ll look forward to it.  Perhaps you can show me where the service will be held.”
Doc smiled, “Yeah, no problem Dan.  You will meet most of the community at the wedding.   It will be a great opportunity.  Well we’d better get going.  Thanks again.”  Everyone shook hands and the trio left.
When they were in the Yukon Doris spoke first, “Millie I don’t believe you girl”
“What do you mean?”
“You were eyeing poor Dan like a hungry junkyard dog salivating over a raw steak.  I thought you were going to go for him right there.”
Millie chuckled, “You exaggerate.”
Doc interjected, “Yeah, but only a little.”
“Well he is a hunk.”
Doris acted shocked though Millie knew it was a put on, “Millie Boyd, I never.”
“Yes you did Doris, every time Doc walked into the diner.” 
Now it was Doc’s turn to be embarrassed.  He rolled his eyes but said nothing.  Doris laughed and Millie grinned.  Doc winked at her in the rearview mirror.
Doris wasn’t going to let it go.  “I thought you were sweet on Mitch and here you are flirting with Dan.”
“Well a girl has to keep her options open.  I don’t have a knight in shining armor like Doc here who wants to sweep off my feet at take me to the golden land of Lakeshore Drive.”
Doc broke into laughter.  It was contagious and they all started.  The drive back to Safe Haven went quickly as they made jokes about the redneck wedding they were planning.  The humorous plans included mud wrestling, greased pig catching, and a pork rinds eating contest.  It was all good fun and they enjoyed it.
Millie spent the afternoon by herself on the porch of her cottage.  She enjoyed this place.  The lapping of the waves and the light breezes always carried her worries away.  The natural aroma therapy of the fragrances of the wild flowers and the smell of the water soothed her mind.  The quiet made her feel like she was in her own little cocoon world because her lot was big enough that there were no traffic noises that got through the woods. 
It also was a place of fond memories.  It was where she and Tom made love, swam naked by moonlight, and shared a life of contentment whenever he was home.  Their time together had been too short.  She let the breeze clear her mind.
Millie went to bed early and rose early Monday.  She did her usual routine, had a quick light breakfast at the diner and drove to Mountain View.  She went to the college library and studied the state criminal codes.  She really enjoyed spending time preparing.  It became her routine to study from eight to three each day with a half hour meal break.  Millie spent her evenings studying her old text books on the porch after having an early meal at the diner with one or another of her friends.  
The only break in her routine came Friday when she went to Mitch’s house closing.  She arrived late, about three fifteen to find Mitch and his lawyer waiting with an attractive older woman.  
She bounded over to Mitch, “Hi, how’s it going?”
Mitch shook his head, “Millie this is John Summer and old family friend and my family’s attorney, and this is Amy Johnston his able assistant.  This is my new and good friend Millie.”
John smiled and held out his hand and Millie took it and they shook.  Millie offered her hand to Amy and they shook hands.
John was obviously getting impatient, “It seems this fellow wants to impress us with his importance.”  He turned to Mitch, “Fifteen minutes is up.”
Mitch nodded agreement and John went to the receptionist, “You may inform your employer that we are leaving.  He will hear from our litigation department and my client will see him in court.  Good day.”  They went to the elevator.  
The building was a well worn commercial rental building that was marginal.  Before the elevator arrived the receptionist came out, “Mr. Evans now has everything ready for the closing.  Please, I need this job and he will be very angry if I can’t manage to bring you back.  I’m sorry for the way he is treating you.”
John smiled at the woman, “We will come back.”
They returned and were led into a dingy conference room.  Attorney Evans rose and did the introductions.  John had not met Marcy or Evans and Evans did not know John, Millie or Amy.   
Evans asked, “You any relation to the Summer of Summer, Weinstein and Bilge?”
John was opening his briefcase. “I am that Summer.”
Evans simply said, “Oh, I didn’t realize.”
Everything was in order except for one title lien issue for eleven thousand dollars which had been placed on the home by a sub contractor.  John brought the issue up and stated an adjustment would have to be made to clear the lien.  
Evans smiled, “That’s not necessary, my client cleared that this afternoon.”
John took out his cell and dialed and everyone waited for a few seconds, “Has it been cleared?  Thanks Emily.”
John looked at Evans, “Your client has misled you.  My paralegal is at the courthouse and the lien has not been cleared.  Would you like to call to confirm?”
Evans was squirming a bit, “I don’t think there is any need.  We will proceed with the adjustment to clear the lien.”  The deal was closed and they left the office.  John called Emily back and told her to present the check and clear the lien.  The firm that held the lien was a small company and the proprietor was with Emily in the hopes of finally getting his money.
John handed the keys to Mitch.  Mitch gave a set to Millie and added, “It might be a good idea to have the locks changed.” 
Millie asked Mitch, “Why did you have John come down here?”
Mitch looked at John and nodded in the affirmative.  John responded, “Mitch is serving notice to the locals that he is a power player.  They will make inquiries and find out he is rich and well connected.  It will be invaluable to him in his future business dealings here and well worth the cost of having me come here.”
Millie smiled, “So that’s how it’s done.”
John smiled, “Yes my dear that is how it is done.  In spite of his putting on I’m just a regular guy act, Mitchell knows very well how the game should be played.  Now Mitchell, I think you should take us all to dinner at the best restaurant here before we fly back.”
Millie inquired, “How did you fly here?”
Mitch explained, “John’s firm has its own plane and there is a municipal airport here.”
Millie was thoughtful for a moment, “John, if I ever get into trouble would you represent me?”
“I’m terribly expensive.”
Millie sighed, “The best usually are.  Mitch tells me my property is worth a lot of money and if I ever need you then your services are going to be more important to me than the land.”
John looked at Mitch who nodded.  He held out his hand to Millie, “Give me a dollar.”  
She fished out a ten and gave it to him, “That’s the smallest I have.”
John put it in his pocket, “I am now your attorney and you have given me a retainer.  You are thinking that a time may come when it might be useful to drop my name.”
“Guilty as charged.”
Mitch commented, “I told you John that she is a quick study.”  
John handed Millie three business cards, “Use them judiciously please.”
Millie was serious, “I will, you have my word.”  She put them away.
John looked at Millie, “And please take care of Mitch.  He has a tendency lately to get into the middle of trouble not of his own making.” 
“I will do my best.”
They went to the best restaurant and Millie ordered a steak while Amy ate a salad.  While Mitch and John were talking about Mitch’s uncle, Amy asked Millie, “How do you stay so slender and eat like that?”
“I have good genes.  Also, I alternate a half hour of martial arts or a half hour of weight training, and run three miles five days a week.”
Amy looked at Millie like she was crazy.  “What do you do for a living?”
“Right now I am running for election as City Marshal of Safe Haven.”  That provoked a long conversation between Amy and Millie.  When Amy realized Millie was that gunslinger lady from the TV newscasts they had some good laughs which drew Mitch and John into the merriment.  The meal lasted two hours and when they were finished Mitch left to drive John and Amy to the airport.
Millie got back to Safe Haven at eight thirty and went to the diner for a coffee.  She took her usual seat and was sipping a coffee when Shamus came in, “Someone told me they saw you here.  You’d better come quick.”
Millie jumped up and followed Shamus outside and he got into a truck with a fireman, “Get in.”
The volunteer fireman’s truck had the lights going and traffic gave way.  She knew from the smoke that it was her place before she got there.  The road was blocked but the fire volunteers moved the barriers and waved them through.  They parked in the lane and followed the hoses from the closest hydrant. 
Millie watched through a pain like a dagger piercing her heart.  It was both beautiful and horrific.  The cottage was fully engulfed and the firemen were now fighting to contain the fire to the cottage and garage to keep the woods from catching. Shamus came and put his arm around her and they stood silently watching.
Millie knew she had lost it all but it was only things.  She still had her memories of Tom but this place would never be home again.  She stood there for hours.   Doris and Doc came, Anna came, and soon all of Millie’s friends and neighbors were coming and going.  
Finally there were just embers and everyone started to drift away.  Doris had her arm around Millie, “You’ll stay with me.”  Doris nudged Millie in the direction of the road.   Doris drove Millie to her place and they arrived at about four in the early morning. 
When they got inside Millie went and sat down.
Doris went into the kitchen and put coffee on.
Doc came in and sat across from Millie, “You Ok?”
Millie sighed, “It’s just stuff but I still have a sense of loss.  It was home but now it isn’t.  I had insurance so I’ll be alright.  I will have some decisions to make but that’s just life.  I am glad I have friends like you and Doris.”
Doris handed Millie a cup of coffee and sat down.  “What are you going to do now?”
Millie smiled, “First I am going to have a couple of hours sleep then get up and go to work.  Mitch’s stuff is arriving today and I have to be there.  Doris can you lend me some clean clothes mine smell?  After Mitch’s stuff is arranged I am going to go buy some clothes and other necessities.  I expect it will be a busy day.  Will you wake me at six thirty?”
 “Yup.  Would you like company when you go shopping?”
Millie laughed, “You can’t. You have the BBQ today.”
Doris and Doc laughed. Millie thought it must be from all the nervous energy pent up.
 Doris exclaimed, “I forgot about the BBQ.   And to think you are going to miss the hunk.” 
Millie got up, “I have to get some sleep.”  She went up stairs to the spare bath and stripped and took a shower to get rid of the odor.  She left her clothes in a pile and wrapped in a towel went into the bedroom.  Doris had left a large T-shirt out for her to sleep in.  Her head hit the pillow and she was gone.
Doris went downstairs and sat with Doc, “I think she’s going to be alright.  What do you think?”
Doc smiled, “She is handling it very well.  She’ll be alright.”
Millie woke to a gentle shaking, “Millie, it’s time to get up.”  One eye opened half way and there was Doris, a smile on her face.  “Come on lazy bones time to get moving.  I left some clothes out for you to wear.”  Doris left the room.
Millie sat up and rubbed her eyes and yawned.  She sat for a moment then swung her legs off the bed.  She went and showered because that always woke her up. She toweled off and came back to the bedroom.  Doris had left out two pairs of jeans and some T shirts and a pair of underwear that still had tags on them and a new bra. Doris was a fairly slender woman but taller than Millie.
 Millie went and got the belt off her jeans and pieced together an outfit.  The panties fit but the bra was just a little snug but would work.  Millie put on a pair of jeans and rolled them up to look like Capri pants but had to cinch her belt for the waist was a size too big.  The T-shirt she chose fit pretty well though it was a bit long.  It hid her pistol holster and that was good enough.  Doris had left some sandals and they fit fairly well if Millie tightened them all the way.
Millie made the bed and went downstairs and found Doris drinking coffee.  Doris looked up, “Hey that looks pretty good.  How are you doing this morning?”
“Actually I feel good.  I thought I might feel more of a sense of loss.  I just keep thinking that it was just stuff.  I feel a little pang when I realize it won’t feel like home again because Tom and I built the cottage together with a little help from our friends.”
Millie finished pouring a cup of coffee and sat down, “What I am curious to know is how it started.  Can you take me to the diner to pick up my car?”
“No problem.  As soon as you finish your coffee we’ll go have some breakfast and you can get your car.”
When they got to the diner the place was busy as usual.  Doris followed Millie to her reserved table.  The diner was already three quarters full.  They ate a light breakfast and then Millie picked up the envelope Mitch had left for her at the counter and drove to Mitch’s new home.  She made sure the electric had been turned on and the water was running.  It was another fine spring day so Millie opened all the windows to let the house air out.
The furniture from James was the first to arrive.  Marge came in with the movers and gave Millie a big hug, “Surprise, surprise. I thought I’d come and see for myself how all this fine furniture looks in a fine house.  Besides, it was a very large order and I wanted to make sure everything got here without damage.”
Millie took her on a tour of the house and they discussed the placement of the furniture as the two men started moving the furniture in carefully.  Millie saw that great care had been taken in loading the furniture.  It all looked fantastic.  The outdoor furniture was on the second smaller truck and when it was on the patio Millie remarked on how good it looked.  It took two and a half hours of hard work for the men to unload and place everything.  Millie gave Marge her check and they said their goodbyes.
Millie sat outside in one of the new chairs and called George.  She apologized for calling him on a Saturday and asked him if he would like to earn some overtime rate putting in new locks.  Millie told him what was needed and they agreed on a price.  Shortly thereafter the artist co-op rep came with the art work.  She helped Millie decide where everything was to go and proceeded to hang the pictures.  When she was finished Millie gave her the check.
It was almost eleven thirty when the mattress truck arrived.  They brought in the mattresses and unwrapped them and put them on the beds.  Millie was giving them their check when Doris showed up and came in without being invited, “I wanted to see the place and what you bought with Mitch’s money.”  The mattress men left.  Doris walked through the great room and looked out onto the patio.
Millie sighed, “It has been a busy morning.  I’m still waiting for the great room furniture and appliance delivery.”  
George showed up with the new locks and started changing them all out.  Millie took Doris on a tour of the house starting with the master bedroom.  Millie knew from her expression that Doris was impressed.
Doris confirmed it, “This is stunning and I love the furniture you picked out.”  Doris opened the top chest drawer and saw the compartments.  “The workmanship and quality is fantastic.  Who made it?”
“James, the man who made my Adirondack chairs, bedroom suite, and kitchen set.”
Doris poked in the master closets and then went into the master bath.  “This is a gorgeous house.”
 Millie showed her the other wing.  Doris kept commenting on how large all the rooms were and how she loved the high ceilings.  Doris made her final comment, “This place is like something out of Better Homes and Gardens magazine.  Now don’t get me wrong, our Cape Cod next door is a really nice house, but not anything like this place.”
The furniture people and the appliance delivery men arrived and Millie went to let them in as Doris left saying, “See you in a while.”  The furniture delivery people were very nice and set everything just where Millie wanted it.  The appliance men went about installing the appliances and left with their check when they finished. 
Millie had the area rugs and accessories placed and put the bedspreads on the beds even though there was not yet any bedding.  She gave the furniture people a check then she went and sat in the great room.  She was satisfied with what she had done so far.  It did look like a show house; yet it was comfortable and warm because of the way she had furnished it.  It would be a very comfortable home.
George finished changing the locks and gave Millie the keys and a bill.  He stood there looking sadly at Millie, “Sorry about the fire Millie.”
 “Thanks George.  No worry, I had insurance.  I’m staying with Doris so drop me by a bill for what you have done and I’ll pay you.  Drop by City Hall and Mitch will give you a check for the lock work.”
“Thank you Millie, I’d appreciate that.  Are you going to rebuild in the same spot?”
“I haven’t decided George, but I’ll call you if I decide to rebuild.”
George left Millie sitting there relaxing.  Millie saw Doris coming to the patio doors and she walked in.  “Girl you must be hungry.  Come next door and have something to eat with us.”
 Millie locked the house up and they went down by the water and around the end of the fence onto Doc’s lawn.  There were people sitting everywhere on folding lawn chairs.  People started greeting Millie and expressing their concern for her loss.  Doris took her by the arm to the buffet table and the two of them loaded their paper plates with salad, BBQ beans and BBQ pork on a bun and went to find a place to sit which wasn’t all that easy though possible because people were constantly coming and going.
Millie found she was really hungry and was tearing into the pork sandwich with sauce running down her chin when the hunk appeared.
“Good afternoon Millie.”
Millie wiped her chin with her paper napkin motioning that it would be a minute.  When she finished chewing and swallowed, he was still standing there so she responded, “Good afternoon Dan.  Are you enjoying the get together?”
“Yes I am.”
Millie liked his boyish smile, “You should get something to eat and pull up a chair.”
“I’ll do it.”  He went and got a sandwich and a chair and came and sat beside Doris where there was an opening.
He started the conversation, “I hear you had a fire.  How are you bearing up?”  
“I’m OK.  It hurts to lose your home but all I lost is stuff.  I still have my friends and family.  I also was fully insured so I’ll be alright.”
Dan smiled at her, “You have a good attitude.”
“Might as well.  There’s nothing to be gained about crying over spilt milk.”
Dan turned to Doris, “You have a lot of friends here.”
Doris laughed, “Between the diner and the clinic work, Doc and me probably know just about everyone within thirty miles.  Did you know Millie was the matchmaker between me and Doc?”
Dan looked at Millie, “You don’t say?”
Millie heard another familiar voice, “Hi Millie.”
She turned in her seat and put out her hand, “Hi Ralph.  I meant to call you later.  Ralph this is Dan, Dan, Ralph.”  The two men shook hands.
Ralph turned back to Millie, “Sorry to hear about your loss.  I took the liberty of getting the preliminary fire report and took pictures and sent them to home office this morning so they will have them first thing Monday morning.  I’ll keep on top of things to get you paid.  I told them all your itemized items were lost.  Was I correct?”
“Afraid so Ralph.”
“I have some papers I need you to sign so come by the office Monday if you would.”
“Ok, and thanks Ralph.  You are one of the good ones.”
Ralph left.
Dan asked, “I assume he’s your insurance agent.”
Millie nodded, “He really cares for and takes care of his clients so he is very successful.  He’s the man to see if you need insurance.  Nice guy to.  I went to high school with him.”
Millie went back to eating and had a mouth full when Mitch showed up, “Hi Doris, Millie.  I went to the house but you weren’t there so I just headed to where the food is.”  Mitch put down his drink and turned to Dan extending his hand, “I don’t believe we’ve met, I’m Mitch O’Keefe.”
Dan smiled and shook Mitch’s hand, “Dan Abelson.”
Mitch put his plate down and sat in the chair that had been vacated next to Millie. “I didn’t get back until an hour ago so I didn’t hear about the fire.  Sorry.  How is it going?”
“Everything that I’ve ordered has been delivered except the TV’s and sound system.  I haven’t bought the bedding, towels, and like yet.”
Dan asked innocently, “You two getting married?”
Mitch laughed.  Millie couldn’t decide whether to be offended then decided to let it go.  Men could be so insensitive.  She just settled for raising her one eyebrow and glaring at Mitch.
Mitch stopped laughing, “No, Millie and I are not getting married.  We are just friends for the time being.  She is working as my interior designer.”
Millie watched as Mitch’s expression changed as he looked at Dan.  Dan smiled.  Millie wondered if she was imagining the tension between the two men.  Perhaps they were both interested?  She found that possibility to be altogether pleasing.  She went on eating as though she hadn’t noticed.
Mitch asked Dan, “You just visiting?”
Dan shook his head, “No, I will be living here permanently.”
Mitch smiled, which Millie knew too well from being around him was forced, “Well welcome to Safe Haven.”
Dan smiled, which Millie thought was a genuine smile, “Thank you Mitch.  I hope we can get to know one another better after I move here and get settled.” 
Millie thought to herself ‘Oh sure like that’s going to happen.  The chances of that are about the same as me winning the multi-state lottery.  You will be civil but you are already straining at the leash to see who will be the alpha male.’  Millie then had an evil thought, this might be fun.        
Doc showed up and joined them.  After they ate, Mitch invited the group over to see his new home.  Doc asked one of Doris’s employees to keep an eye on the place and they all went with Mitch.  On the way Mitch explained he had not seen the place since it had been furnished. On the way Millie gave him a set of the new keys.  Mitch was stunned when they came through the back yard and he saw the patio.  It looked so inviting.  When they entered the great room they all had nothing but compliments.  The tour of the house took about fifteen minutes.
Doc said as they came back to the great room, “Mitch you have a beautiful home and Millie you did a fabulous job.  I’d better get back to my guests though.”  Doc, Doris and Dan left.
Mitch turned to Millie, “You have done an excellent job.  I couldn’t be more pleased.”  He was interrupted by the doorbell.  When Mitch answered Wes was standing in the door.  Mitch invited him in.  “What brings you here Wes?”
“I need to talk to Millie.”
Mitch invited him in and the all sat down in the great room.  
Millie asked, “What is it Wes?”
“I have something to tell you that must just stay between us.”
Millie looked at Mitch.  Millie agreed and so did Mitch.
Wes continued, “The official fire report says accidental but I am not a hundred percent sure.  Something in my belly tells me this was an elaborate arson, but if it was, it was so devious I can’t prove it and no matter how hard I looked I couldn’t find the slightest indication of arson.  I don’t have any reason to call for a fire marshal investigation.  I’d be careful if I were you.”
Millie hugged Wes, “Thanks friend.”  Wes nodded and left.
“Oh, I almost forgot.”  Millie went to the counter and brought George’s bill and gave it to Mitch.  “This is for the lock changes.  I told George to go by City Hall to get a check from you.” 
Millie sat down again.
Mitch asked, “Are you going to rebuild?”
Millie sighed, “I really don’t know Mitch.”
“If you decide to sell I’d like first chance.”
Millie was curious, “How much you willing to pay?”
His reply shocked her, “I’d offer you this house, furnished as is, and a hundred thousand for the twenty acres.”
Millie thought for a moment, “That’s about twenty five thousand an acre.  Why so much?”
“If I tell you will you keep it between you and me?”
“Agreed.”
“I have a group of investors interested in large scale development and we would like to have your property included.  That is what it is worth to us.  No games, that’s our top dollar.  We are going to move ahead with or without your property.  I also expect you will have some visitors show up and offer to buy your acreage in the next day or two.  They are acting through a shell company that’s really trying to acquire land for the marina.  They made your neighbor Bessie an offer a week ago.  They told her that circumstances might change and there was always danger in waiting.  I had offered Bessie more for the property but she wasn’t sure she wanted to sell.  After the fire last night she called me and said she’d sell to me with a covenant the land would not ever be sold to the marina.  We finished the paperwork this morning.  If I acquire your land then we will own all the land around the marina.  I will have my acreage plus the twenty from Bessie and maybe your twenty.  A lot of money will come into this community because the development will be started this year.”
Millie sat back stunned.  “No wonder you are resigning.  How much investment are you talking about?”
“The first phase is about a hundred million but we will be more capitalized.”
Millie whistled.
Mitch continued, “There are limits to what can be done with your twenty acres but as part of a larger development it is worth more.”
Millie was curious, “What do you think this place will be worth in a few years if the development goes?”
Mitch smiles, “When the development is finished you won’t touch this for less than a million would be my guess.  I was tempted to keep it but the more I have for the development the greater the return later.”
Millie asked, “What if it goes bust?”
Mitch shrugged, “It won’t.  Worst case scenario is it lags.  I have a life income fund so I won’t starve.  I am young enough and I can afford to wait if I had to.”
“What about competing development around the City?”
“Millie you know the area.  The state conservation area takes in the entire end of the lake west of the city and it’s marshland.  To the east a half mile up the lakeshore beyond the bay the lakefront property is all rock cliff six to twenty feet higher than the lake for miles and the highway hugs the lakeshore.  There isn’t much to develop.”
Millie thought for a bit. “The only other land is to the north and away from the lake and there will not be as much profit in that.”
“Yeah, but the commercial area property will be valuable.  You might consider using your insurance money to buy some land by the highway now while it’s really cheap.”
Millie asked, “Now the offer for the house includes all the design money, right?  At twenty five an acre that means you would have four hundred in this house so if I spent thirty eight, there would be twenty two left.”
Mitch looked at Millie.  “Are we negotiating?”
“You betcha.”
“Ok, this house and one twenty two cash.  That’s the deal.”
Millie put out her hand, “Done.”
Mitch shook.  “I’ll have the papers drawn.”  He handed her the extra set of keys. “You might just as well move in here now.  Don’t tell anybody about the deal for a week.  Ok?”
“Can I tell Doris and Doc?”
“If you swear them to secrecy.  Now I have to go talk to Shamus and he will want more to rent that room.”  He got up and looked around, “It sure is a beautiful house.”
Millie felt a little sympathy, “What will you do?”
“I am going to keep about eight acres around the brook inlet and build a house.  Right now though, it’s not high on my priorities.  I stumbled into a once in a lifetime opportunity here and I am going to make the most of it.  You should too.  I’ve got to get going, I have an appointment.”  Mitch left.
Millie got in her car and drove down to the cottage to see if there was anything she could salvage.  She poked around but couldn’t find even one picture of her and Tom.  She supposed she would have to put a call out to the community and copy what others had.  She did find the twisted barrel of her custom rifle and some other metal pieces of ruined weapons.  Finally she gave up and was about to leave when an Escalade drove up.
Two men in suits got out and came toward her.  She did not know them.  It was instinctive that Millie pulled her T-shirt over her holster so she could get to her pistol.  The men noticed.  They were within five feet when Millie spoke, “That’s close enough.  You fellows not see the big NO TRESSPASSING sign?”
The man who was carrying the briefcase spoke, ignoring her question.  “We heard about your bad luck.”
Millie interrupted, “Was it?”
The man was taken aback, “What do you mean?”
“Was it bad luck?”
The man ignored the comment and continued.  “We thought as you had lost your home you might be interested in selling.  We represent a company that is prepared to buy your property and is offering a generous price.”
“How much?”
“Seven thousand dollars an acre.  That is a hundred and forty thousand dollars for the parcel.”
Millie looked the man up and down, “No.”
“We might go a little higher if we can close quickly.  Cash money.”
Millie was getting irritated, “What part of no don’t you understand.”
The larger of the two men stepped toward Millie and her hand moved quickly and her hand was on the butt of her pistol ready to draw it.  He froze but spoke, “You should know from experience that anything can happen out here.”
“You want to see right now if anything can happen?”
The man started to reach inside his jacket until he realized the barrel of Millie’s gun was already aimed at his head. “I’m just getting my business card in case you change your mind.”
Millie wondered if she had been slower if he would have been reaching for a business card.   “Open your jacket with your left hand and move very slowly.”
She motioned with her head to proceed.  He opened his jacket with his left hand.  He wore a shoulder holster but he slowly reached down to a small pocket in his jacket lining and took out a business card.  He laid it on the ground. “In case you change your mind.”  The two men backed away their arms out from their sides conscious that the barrel of her pistol was tracking them.  They got in their SUV and drove off.  Millie picked up the card and looked at the firm name.  The firm name was Bull and Man Development LLC.
Millie immediately called Mitch and told him what happened.  His response was “And the plot thickens.”
Chapter 7 - On the Move
Millie called Doris to find out where she was.  Doris was at the diner and Millie told her she would be there in a few minutes.  Millie thought about the day’s events as she drove to the diner.  She entered and went to her seat.  A waitress came and Millie ordered coffee and a grilled cheese sandwich, no fries.
Doris came and joined her.  “What’s up?”
Millie replied, “I really should go to the twenty four hour Wally World in Mountain View and buy a couple of pair of jeans, tops and some underwear to hold me over ‘till next week.  I am just exhausted and I’m not fit for the long drive.  Think you could drive me?”
Doris shook her head no, “I’m just about done in and Doc has been called out.  How about we go to my place and wash your clothes and go shopping tomorrow afternoon.”
Millie nodded agreement, “That works.”
Doris added, “We could save a trip and go after church?”
Millie knew she was being played but what the heck. “Alright, what some people won’t do to get me in church.”
Doris smiled, “I know you are really going because you want to see the hunk again.”
Millie threw up her hands in surrender, “I give up already.”
Doris went and fetched a coffee pot and sat with Millie. There was no one around so Millie swore Doris to secrecy and proceeded to tell her about her and Mitch’s deal and the encounter with the two men.  She did not mention the company they worked for or about the development.
Doris listened intently and said, “Some girls have all the luck.  I worked so hard and here it just fell into your lap.  The good part is that we will be neighbors.  That’s great.  What’s Mitch want all the land for?”
Millie just shrugged, “Remember, not a word.”
Doris made the cross my heart sign. 
 Sunday morning came and Doris and Millie went to church by themselves as Doc had been up all night working.  Children just don’t always wait to come into the world and two infants had decided to come very quickly in the early morning hours.
It was a nice service but Millie was disappointed because Dan was not there.  Apparently he was away on church business.  Millie thought playfully that it was very inconsiderate of him.  She and Doris went into Mountain View for lunch.  
It turned out the western apparel store was open on Sunday so Millie shopped there.  She selected several nice blouses, some girly T-shirts, a couple of light denim jackets, boot socks, and jeans.  She also bought a couple of custom belts and a leather cell phone holder that went on a belt. She looked at the cowgirl boots with walking heels.  On a whim she asked if they were sold with steel toes.  They had none in women’s sizes but could custom order them and they would be by mid week.  They were expensive but Millie ordered them.  On her way out she saw them.  She could not resist and so purchased two of the most beautiful cowgirl hats.  One was tan with a black band with silver ornaments and the other was black and had a beautifully beaded band.  
Not to be outdone, Doris made some purchases to.  She bought some jeans, two blouses and a hat.
Doris made a suggestion and they went to a woman’s under wear garment store.  Millie bought seven of the most comfortable bras and ten pairs of panties.
Then they went to Wally World.  The twenty four hour Wal-Mart had the rest of what Millie thought she needed.  She bought some shorts, a bathing suit, sandals, flip-flops, hair brush, and toiletries.  She almost left but she hesitated feeling she had forgotten something.  She had.  They checked out and put the bags into the car.
They went to the mall and the Millie bought an athletic bag, gym shorts, sport socks, exercise T’s and cross trainers.  She also bought an elaborate weight machine and a treadmill that were to be delivered to the Lakeshore Drive address after four on Monday.
Unfortunately the gun shop was closed but the hardware store sold ammunition and so Millie was able to get some there.
They drove back to Safe Haven enjoying conversation about their shopping spree.  Millie told Doris as soon as she was able to purchase some good bedding and towels etc. she was going to move into the new house.
When Monday morning rolled around, Millie could only do her movement workout and her three mile run. She had an enjoyable day practicing at the pistol range and then reading.  Millie knew she had found her place in the world.  This stuff really interested her
After studying she went shopping for bedding.  She found what she wanted and was checking out when Mitch called and asked if she could stop by Chris’s office and sign the papers for the deal.  She did.
Chris was still there and his door was open.  The receptionist had apparently gone home.  “Come on in Millie.”
Millie asked, “How you doing Chris?”
He answered, “I’m alright.  How about you?  You seemed to be in shock when we saw you the other night.”
Millie smiled, “I’m good.  A little sense of loss but it’s all working out.”
“Are you sure about this swapping the land for the house and cash?  You’ve had it appraised?”
Millie laughed, “Don’t worry, I am making out like a bandit.  And as you see, I get to keep the insurance money for the cottage and my belongings.  You and Sue should come over and see my new digs.  How about tomorrow night?  I’ll grill hamburgers.  You bring the beer and your bathing suits.”
Chris smiled, “Done.  You have a pool?”
“No Chris, a lake.  You should be more familiar with Safe Haven addresses.  Come about six tomorrow. “ 
 Chris got down to business, “Mitch’s lawyer sent over the papers.  He assumed I would be acting for you in this, quote unquote, minor matter.  Everything is in order.  Mr. Summer had arranged title insurance and I have a check and a deed for you.  Money can sure grease the wheels.  I have never seen real estate transactions move so quickly.  Sign here and here, here, here.   OK, that’s it.  Ralph has arranged the insurance.  I sent a wire transfer from the trust account to cover the first year’s premium.  The company will send you a bill every year.”
Millie walked out of Chris’s office with a check for one hundred and twenty one thousand one hundred and eleven dollars.  She went to the bank and opened a savings account.  The manager came out to see her this time.  She knew it was the money, always the money.  He asked if she had seen Mr. O’Keefe recently and if so how was he doing.  Millie said they had shared a meal yesterday and that he was just fine.”  She added, “It has been nice talking with you” and offered her hand for him to shake and he shook it realizing it was a dismissal.
Millie drove back to Safe Haven and went to the diner.  The two men who had been at her property the other day came in and approached her table while she was drinking coffee and waiting for her food.  One started to sit.
“I don’t remember asking you to sit down,” Millie said in a stern voice.
One of the customers jumped up in the next booth and moved away muttering, “Oh boy, here we go again.  The Marshal’s goin’ to wup somebody.”  He stood by the door watching and he wasn’t the only one who was watching.  The reaction of the customers was not lost on the two men.
“May we sit?”
Millie nodded, “Opposite me and keep your hands above the table.”
The large man replied, “Your right hand isn’t.”
Millie looked him in the eye, “You understand the situation.”
The men looked at each other.  The talker started, “I didn’t know you were the local law.”  Millie did not contradict him even though she was not yet the Marshal.  The man continued, “Nevertheless, have you thought anymore about our proposition?”
“No, I have not.”
“Our company is prepared to make a one-time offer of nine an acre.  It would be a mistake to refuse such a generous offer.  We are going to talk to your neighbor next.  If she accepts you may be out of luck.”
Millie looked at the man squarely, “I think you are the ones who are out of luck.”
The man glared at Millie, “We’ll see.”
“I guess we will.  I think you had better leave now.”
“This is a public establishment and this is a free country.  You have no right to ask us to leave.”
A voice came from behind them, “I’m the owner and I do.  Please leave my establishment.”
The men got up and left and Doris sat down, “What was that all about.”
“Those are the nice men who want to buy my former cottage land.”
Doris asked, “Former?”
“Yeah it’s official; money in the bank and deed in the safety deposit box done.”
“Why didn’t you tell them?”
Millie smiled, “Let them find out for themselves. What do you plan to do with your house?”
Doris thought, “I guess I’ll sell it.”
Millie looked Doris in the eye, “Take some advice, rent it to the nice pastor for peanuts if you have to, but don’t sell it now.”
Doris smiled, “And I suppose I should keep my mouth shut about it.”
Millie nodded, “You betcha.”
Doris asked, “Any other advice?”
Millie smiled, “Have you got any extra cash lying around?”
Doris whispered conspiratorially, “I suppose Doc and I have a little between us.  What do you suggest?”  
“I have an insurance check coming and I’d like to buy some highway frontage property.  Would you and Doc care to go in with me?  We could get an LLC.”
Doris smiled, “Is this some kind of insider trading.”
Millie smiled broadly, “Inside information maybe, but it’s legal. You interested?”
Doris asked, “How much you figuring to invest?”
“Maybe fifty grand.”
Doris whistled. “You’ve sure have come up in the world.  I’m in unless Doc vetoes it.  We agreed we would not do anything without the other’s agreement.”
Millie nodded, “Good idea.”  She then asked, “Do you like your alarm company?”
Doris nodded, “They’re good, just a minute.”  Doris went to the office and came back with a business card.  “Tell Paul I referred you.  He’ll do good by you.”
Millie’s meal came they ate and discussed a name for the LLC.  They decided on Dor-Mil Developments LLC.
Millie stayed with Doris that night and her Tuesday was relatively lazy.  Millie on a lark went by the dealership to see Don.  She went into the showroom and went directly toward Don’s office. 
 The new salesman tried to intercept her, “May I help you?’
“No thank you.”
He started to reach out to touch her. She glared at him, “Touch me and I’ll break it.”
Millie heard laughter and Don yelled, “Careful Roy she means it.  Hi Millie.”
She waved to him, “Hi Don, how’s business.”  She started toward him again.
“Could be better and could be worse.  I hear you are travelling in exalted circles these days.”
Millie laughed, “You know me Don, just a working girl trying to do her civic duty.”
“Yeah, and I’m just a used car salesman. Word has it that come a week tomorrow you will be Marshal in Safe Haven.”
Millie nodded, “It seems likely.”
“Yeah, well maybe someday the party can talk you into running against the newly elected County Sheriff.”  Millie didn’t say anything and Don continued, “How can I help you Millie?”
“My old Caddy has seen better days.  I’d like to buy a very late model four wheel drive low mileage SUV.  Got anything like that?”
“As a matter of fact I have just the thing.  These are usually a little pricey but I can make you a good deal.  It’s a three year old Yukon and has only twenty three thousand miles on it.  I bought it from an estate.  I sold it new.”
“Let’s have a look.”  Millie gave it a close examination and took it for a drive.  She brought it back and had a question, “How much?”
When Don told her she said, “I’ll take it.”  She took her check book out, “Can I pick it up late tomorrow afternoon.”
Don grabbed a sales form, “No problem.  You know I’m giving you a super deal.”
Millie smiled, “That’s why I didn’t insult you by trying to dicker.”
Don laughed, “I love doing business with people like you and Mitch.”
They completed the papers and Millie realized she had been at the dealership less than forty minutes.  She stopped and picked up paper plates, plastic utensils, buns and condiments as well as some deli Cole slaw. She went to the butcher shop, bought meat, had it put in her cooler, and headed home.
She went by Doris’s and picked up her clothes and borrowed some hangers.  It was one thing she had forgotten to buy.  She had figured out the natural gas grill controls were the same as on her oven.  She put her clothes put away, and had changed when Chris and Sue rang the doorbell.  Chris was stunned when Millie answered the door.  
Chris exclaimed, “I thought I must have made a mistake when we pulled up.”
Millie smiled as she motioned them in, “Welcome to my new home.”  She gave them both a hug and took the beer from him and put it in the refrigerator.
 Chris whistled as he looked around the great room, “And I was worried you might be taken advantage of.”  He and Sue were looking out across the expanse of grass toward the lake.
Millie motioned to them, “Come, I’ll give you the grand tour.”  Millie showed them around.  Sue asked if she could look in the furniture.  She was impressed by the quality.
When the tour was complete, Chris asked, “What is it, about two acres and three thousand square feet?”
“Close, thirty five hundred.”
Sue sat on one of the sofas in the great room.  “Wow!  This is something else.  It’s like something from the rich and famous.”
Millie laughed, “Yes, I’m glad I will be making a decent wage because I will need it to pay the taxes and utilities.”
There was a knock at the door and Millie went to it.  Her weight machine and treadmill were being delivered.  She showed the delivery men where to put them.  They told her assembly was not included and left the big box and a smaller box in the master bedroom.  Millie showed them out.
Millie went back to the great room and sat down.
Chris asked, “What are you going to do with the insurance money for the cottage.”
Millie looked Chris in the eye, “I’ll tell you if you and Sue agree to keep it a secret.”
Chris and Sue looked at each other and nodded.  Sue responded, “Agreed.”
“I’m going to invest in commercial land.  The prices are low now.”
Sue asked, “You think we should?”
Millie sat back, “If you have cash to invest and are prepared to sit on it for several years if things go slow, I don’t think you’ll regret it.  You are young so I am pretty sure it will work out well if you do it.”
Chris looked at Sue, “She knows something she can’t tell us.  We’ll have to decide on what we know.  Think; there is a reason Mitch wanted that twenty acres and it is well known that he has already purchased two farms.”
The light went off for Sue, “We might want to think about opening an office here or at least securing a building we can use for an office.”
Millie smiled, “Let’s go for a swim and then I’ll cook burgers.”
They had a pleasant evening.  Nothing more was said about business.
Wednesday was a fairly routine day for Millie.  She went to pick up her new vehicle.  Don asked her what she wanted to do with her old Caddy.  Millie asked him if he had any ideas.  He told her he was chairman of a homeless women’s shelter and they could use a car.  She could get a tax deduction by donating it.  She agreed.  Her things were transferred to the new vehicle.
She went to the gun shop and ordered what she needed.  Seth had made her original rifle and still had the specs.  He would make her another and a custom case.  This was an expensive order but she would have nothing but the best.
Millie still had some time so she went to the alarm company and discussed an installation.  What she wanted was pricey to install but the monthly monitoring was reasonable. When he figured out who she was they came to an agreement.  He knew she could open more doors for him than Doris ever could.  Millie knew what had happened but also was coming to know this was how the game was played.
On the drive home she phoned George and asked him if he would assemble her weight machine and treadmill.  He agreed and came over after supper and put them together while Millie studied the criminal code.  After she finished studying she started reviewing online listings.  She made several possible selections.
On Thursday and Friday Millie and Doris viewed the listings.  Doris had arranged the LLC registration and had opened a bank account to which each of the three had contributed thirty five thousand dollars.  They could not believe how little property was going for and made unconditional offers on five properties low balling the offers.  Because they were unconditional cash offers three were accepted before they cashed out.
Millie called Ralph on Friday to see where her claim was.  He told her the good news was the check was in transit via UPS and should arrive on Saturday.  He would bring it round. The bad news was that her replacement policy had maxed out the coverage so the check would only be for the policy maximum of seventy thousand dollars.  It was more than Millie had expected.  She started more research.
When Saturday came, true to his word, Ralph called.  Millie was at the diner eating lunch so he brought her check there.  Millie bought him lunch.  They were just finishing lunch when Mitch came into the diner and came over.
“Hi Millie.  How are you doing?”
“Doing good Mitch.  Why don’t you join us?  You know Ralph the best insurance agent in the county?”
Mitch offered his hand to Ralph who shook it, “Yes we met at the BBQ at Doc’s place.”
Mitch sat down beside Ralph.  “Ralph here’s my card.  Give me a call week after next.  Perhaps we can do some business.”
Ralph smiled, “Sure thing, I’d really appreciate the opportunity.”  Ralph picked the card up and put it in his pocket.  “I don’t mean to eat and run but I have another appointment to deliver a check and I need to go.”
Millie smiled, “Thanks for your help Ralph.”
The waitress came and Mitch ordered coffee and a sandwich, “I hear you have been busy.  I am glad you took my advice.  I hear your little circle of friends have been busy too.  They know about my secret?”
“No. I think Chris and Sue may have figured it out by themselves.”
Mitch nodded, “They are not fools.  Did you know they have been buying land for several years?”
Millie shook her head, “No I didn’t”
“You have just a five more days before it becomes public.”
She smiled, “Thanks for the heads up Mitch.  I really appreciate all the help you are giving me.  Your friendship means a lot to me.”
Mitch threw his hands up, “The death knell for any hopes I had of putting the make on you.  Friends.  Friends!  That is not what a young available single man yearns to hear.”
Millie started laughing, “Well you can only blame yourself.  You stood me up.”
Mitch leaned forward, “What do you mean stood you up?”
Millie mockingly shook her finger at him and said, “You promised to take me out to dinner in the City when I didn’t work for you anymore, and you haven’t.”
Mitch smiled, “It was for your own good.  I was waiting until after the election.”
Millie shook her head, “Oh, just for me.  It didn’t have anything to do with the fact you’ve been busier than a one armed paper hanger.” 
Mitch sat back in the seat as the waitress put his sandwich on the table.  “That too.  When the election is final, I promise to make good.”
Millie smiled, “I will hold you to that Mitch.”
He asked, “Really, how are things going Millie?”
She shrugged, “Strangely enough very well.  I have been studying the codes and reading up on current policing practices.  I think this is my thing and I remembered why I enjoyed my coursework and did so well.  I love everything about it.  It doesn’t even seem like work.”
Mitch leaned forward and said in a low voice, “I hear the party is going to run you for County Sheriff in a couple of years if you keep your nose clean.” 
Millie shook her head, “I don’t know where you heard that nonsense.”
Mitch smiled deviously, “When the county party chair tells me, then it’s not nonsense.  It seems we have a lot more in common than I thought.” 
Millie leaned forward.  She lowered her voice and told him honestly, “I could never see you as City Manager in Safe Haven.  I think you are making a smart move.  You will have the money and influence to run for higher office if you can make the development work.”
Mitch smiled, “That could happen.”
They finished their food and Mitch had to leave.
With the insurance check in hand and the rest of Saturday left, Millie went shopping for downtown properties.  Real estate was stagnant so both real estate agents and sellers were hungry.  Millie was able to make two cash offers and get them accepted the same day.   One was for a vacant lot in the mid one hundred block of South Main and the other was a corner lot at Central and Main.  The Central and Main Street property had a dilapidated bungalow on it which had been a beauty parlor.  It had long ago been abandoned.  Both vendors were ecstatic to have finally found a sucker to buy what they thought of as a liability.
Millie went home and jotted down the numbers.  She had received a hundred and twenty two from Mitch and seventy five from the insurance.  She also had about twenty left from the videos. She had spent thirty five on Dor-Mil, thirty for the vehicle, and allowing fifty for downtown properties that made a total of about a hundred and fifteen grand.  That left her with just about a hundred and twelve thousand.  She had committed to the weapons purchases and the alarm system. These would be less than eight grand.   She figured she was almost finished with her investing.  She liked the idea of having three years of income in the bank.
Millie made a coffee and sat down on her sofa.  It had all happened so quickly.  She was acting like it was monopoly money.  Is this how people got rich?  She had gotten so caught up in making money that she had forgotten about the mystery of the burglary and the surveyors, and the company Bull and Man.  Millie’s mind was racing.  She had gone from rags to riches so quickly.  What troubled her most was how she had slipped into it like she was born to it.  She wasn’t.  After thinking about it, she decided to go with it.
She called Shamus and offered to buy him supper at the diner.  He agreed and Millie told him she would be there in fifteen.  They enjoyed the time together and then Millie went home.  She called Doris and offered to drive to church in the morning.  Doris was surprised but agreed.
The next morning Doc walked over at the agreed time and then they drove to get Doris. On the way Doc offered, “Did you hear that Doris is renting her house to Pastor Dan?”
“No I didn’t”
Doc laughed, “She figured there was a reason for your suggesting it.  She considered it in relation to our shared investments and figured it was excellent advice.  Doris will move into our Lakeshore house the day we marry.  Pastor Dan would like to move in next week.  We can move Doris’s belongings to Lakeshore next week.  We would like to know if you can put Doris up until the wedding.”
“I’d love her company.  We could bring her things over this afternoon.”
“Great, one item off our ‘to get done’ list.  Man this getting married is more complicated than I thought, but I’m actually enjoying it.”
Millie asked, “You have the license yet?”
“We need a license?”
Millie started laughing and was still doing it when they pulled up to Doris’s house.  Doris was waiting outside.  She got in the car, “What’s so funny?”
“Your fiancée did not know you needed a marriage license.”
Doris looked puzzled, “We need a marriage license?”  Millie started laughing again. She laughed so hard she had to pull over.  Doc and Doris didn’t find it funny.
When Millie stopped laughing she pulled back on the highway, “I’m sorry.  It’s easy to fix.  Make sure you go to the County Clerk’s Office first thing tomorrow and get one.”
Doris asked, “Is the test hard?”
Millie broke into laughter again and had to pull over again.  They were a little late for service.  Millie found herself stifling laughter all through the sermon which was about marriage.  She was sure that God was conspiring to keep her in stitches.  She was so thankful for the distraction that she put a fifty dollar bill in the collection plate.
It was Doris’s turn to stifle laughter and she pointed to the bill and Doc joined her in trying to stifle laughter.  They both ended up scurrying for the exit. Everyone around was looking at Millie.  She shrugged, “Nerves.  They are getting married next Saturday.”  People nodded knowingly and turned back to the front.
As she was leaving the Pastor asked Millie what she thought of the service.  She responded, “The best ever,” and she meant it.  She shook his hand vigorously.  Millie bounced out of the church to see Doc and Doris leaning against her SUV talking.
Doris spoke first, “Girl you are a mess.  I love you dearly but you are a trial.”
Millie responded without thought, “Yeah, but you can’t say I’m boring.”
It was obvious Doc and Doris were trying to look serious.  They couldn’t help themselves though they broke into smiles at her comment.  She unlocked the vehicle and they all got in.
Millie was feeling a little guilty, “I’m really sorry I made you uncomfortable.  It just struck me as funny that two smart people like you didn’t know about the need for a marriage license or that no one had bothered to tell you.”   Millie told them what they had to do and what was required.
When she was finished it was Doc’s turn. “We are sorry we laughed at your generosity at the collection plate.  That was unkind of us.  It was just so unexpected.”
“Hey Doc, no problem.  That’s how it was for me and the marriage license thing.  It’s all water under the bridge.”
They weren’t quite to the highway that ran between Mountain View and Safe Haven when Doris suggested they go into Mountain View for lunch.  They did and then they took Doris home to pack.  Doc would bring her over later
Millie got back home about two o’clock.  She was on the patio in shorts and a tank top under the umbrella reading fifteen minutes later.  There was something missing, and then she knew what it was. She decided she would have to build a gazebo closer to the water because she could hardly hear the lapping of the waves this far from the water. 
Later she called Shamus.  She invited him to come for a burger.  She still had some meat and buns left.  Shamus came and they enjoyed a meal together and small talk.  
After dinner they were sitting there and Shamus asked, “I understand you got some money from the insurance?”
“Yes I did.”
Shamus asked, “Did it pay for this place?” 
“No the cottage property did.”
“Sis, if you still have some money left can you help me out.  The motor in my boat went out and I need a new one.  Could you lend me a couple of hundred.  I don’t quite have enough to pay for the new one.”
It was not unusual for Shamus and Millie to loan each other money.  They had been doing it for years.
“No Shamus I won’t lend you the money but I will give it to you if you can find me a good boat.   I have a dock but no boat.’
“Deal!  It may take some time though to find the right bargain.”
“I’m in no hurry brother.”  Millie went and got her checkbook and wrote a check.
Shamus went home about seven thirty.  Doc and Doris showed up about eight and they unloaded her bags and took them to the far guest bedroom.  Millie went to bed early.
Monday and Tuesday were routine days for Millie.  She and Doris were just ships passing in the night because of Doris’s busy schedule. Wednesday was not a routine day.   Millie left the library early and drove home to shower and change.  Mitch was the only one at City Hall when she got there.   
Millie was feeling nervous because she really wanted this Marshal job.  She didn’t think there was anything that could go wrong but she wanted to show that it was important to her.  She marched into the office, “Hi Mitch.”
Mitch motioned to a chair, “Good to see you.  How is the preparation going?”
“Very well thanks.  I have been really busy studying.  I am trying to get up to speed for when I start working full time.”
“Did you take my advice?”
“I have two closings a week from Friday.  The first is the corner lot where the beauty salon used to be at South Main and Central.  The building needs to be demolished.  The other is a vacant lot at the mid one hundred block of South Main.”
“Those are good locations.  How much?”
Millie smiled, “I got both for a little under forty eight.”
“Good choices.  Very good choices.  You are going to make a killing Millie.”
Their conversation was interrupted as people had started to arrive for the meeting.  Millie got up and started mingling.  Everyone was coming for the close of nominations.  So many came that Mitch had to open the meeting room early.  By the time Mayor Anna showed up at five to five there were fifty people present.  At five o’clock the City Manager announced that the nomination period was closed and Mayor Anna announced there was only one nomination.  People started congratulating Millie.  Mayor Anna announced that Millie’s election would not be official until after the Council Meeting on Friday evening when the results were certified and the swearing in took place.
It was almost a half hour before City Hall cleared out.  The Mayor suggested they go to the diner for supper and she called Doc.  Doris, Millie and Mitch left City Hall to meet at the diner.
On the way out, Mitch handed Millie a Council Agenda and some attachments.   “The agenda is posted with the notice of meeting.  The attachments were the detail given to the Council.  Keep those to yourself.
There would be five of them so the party had to sit at a larger table and not at Millie’s booth.   During the meal there was much talk about the upcoming wedding but not about the upcoming Council meeting.
It suddenly occurred to Millie, “Oh my!” she blurted loudly.
Doris was alarmed, “What’s wrong?”
“My dress for the wedding!”
Doris replied, “What about it?”
“It was destroyed in the fire.  I’ll have to get a new one.”  Everyone at the table started laughing at her and Millie blushed, “Well it’s important!”
Doc interjected, “You’d think she was the one getting married.”
There was more merriment and Doris said, “No, She’s just thinking about impressing that hunky Pastor Dan.”  More laughter erupted.  
Millie noticed Mitch was the only one not laughing.  Might be he was still interested?  She caught his eyes for a moment.  She could tell there was some hurt there, or maybe she was just seeing what she wanted to see.  She smiled at him hoping it would reassure him.
It was an enjoyable meal and they stayed for a considerable time afterward enjoying the company and drinking after dinner coffee.  They all left for home at six forty.  Millie went home and studied the budget then read through the Agenda for the Friday meeting.  She got butterflies again.
Thursday was a routine day but Friday was a rush.  Millie got caught up in her reading and left the library really late.   She picked up a soda and sandwich to eat on the drive and headed for Safe Haven.
Millie arrived home at five thirty.  Doris came out to greet her and then they both hurried to get ready.  Millie was at City Hall at five past six and her stomach had settled and she was calm.  She did not have an opportunity to talk to Mitch who was caught up in a flurry of last minute activity.  Doris and Doc came in five minutes after her and Millie greeted them then went around talking to people as they arrived.  The room became packed.
At the appointed time the Council and the City Manager took their places.  The Mayor called the meeting to order and the pledge was recited.  The Mayor then asked for approval of the minutes.   The old business was routine.  The fun started with new business.
The first item was accepting the resignation of Councilman Wayne Wright.  It was moved, seconded and carried to accept the resignation without discussion.  Next was the Mayor’s recommendation for the appointment of Doris May to fill the vacant seat.  This was moved, seconded and carried.   There was much applause.   The new Councilor was sworn in by the City Manager and took her place at the table.
The next item was the approval of a budget for the remainder of the year.  The City Manager gave an overview of the City’s current financial position.  He then went on to explain the proposed budget and provided a five year fiscal framework.  He kept the presentation simple.  The citizens realized then just how much the former Council had damaged the City. 
The Council discussed the current capital project list.  There was a motion to change one street project to the current year and move a current year project to the next year.  The amendment carried and then the budget was approved in its entirety.  Millie knew what it included from her agenda package.
The next item was the nominations for City Marshal.  It was reported there was only one nomination and the nomination was certified.   It was moved, seconded, and carried that the candidate Millie Boyd was declared elected.  The room broke into applause.  The Mayor asked her to come forward and she received numerous pats on the back and good wishes as she went forward.  The Mayor swore her in, handed Millie her badge, keys to the Police Department Offices, and congratulated her.  
The next item on the Agenda was a staff matter.  The Mayor advised that the City Manager had tendered his resignation to be effective immediately.  There was a motion to accept the resignation with appreciation for the incredible contribution Mr. O’Keefe had made to the community during his short tenure.  Again there was applause.  The motion was seconded and carried.  Mitch left the table and the City Attorney’s secretary assumed recording of the minutes.
The Mayor then presented a report from the former City Manager recommending the reorganization of the City employees.  The recommendation included establishing a City Clerk position under the supervision and direction of the Mayor and four Deputy City Marshal positions under the supervision and direction of the City Marshal.  The City Clerk was to be appointed by the Mayor with the consent of Council to serve until the next election.  The Deputies were to be hired by the City Marshal subject to the statutory requirements for certification as a Class A police officer.  Proposed salaries were included in the report.  There was some discussion and the Council asked some questions of Mr. O’Keefe and Chris Boyd the new City Attorney.  The City Attorney then presented the ordinance enacting the recommendations and it was read and voted on the required three times. The last two readings were by title only upon motion and with the unanimous vote of council.   The ordinance was unanimous on all three votes.
The Mayor then announced that she recommended Wilma Crater for the position of City Clerk.  The Councilors spoke highly of Wilma who had been the elected County Clerk for many years before being defeated in the last County election.  Wilma was present and when asked said she was willing to serve.  The Mayor pointed out that Wilma had completed the International Municipal Clerk’s program.  She explained this was the pre-eminent professional certification for municipal clerks.  There was a motion to approve her appointment and it was seconded and carried unanimously.  Again there was applause.
The last item on the agenda was public presentations.  Only Mr. O’Keefe asked to be recognized.  Mr. O’Keefe introduced himself as Chairman of the Board of OK Safe Haven Development Corporation.  He asked the Council’s permission to make a power point presentation and it was granted.  Everyone sat in hushed silence as the plans for the proposed development were presented.  The architect’s conceptual drawings were breathtaking.  The scope of the development was enormous including residential condominiums, commercial development, a golf course, hotel and private marina and beaches.  It would make Safe Haven a tourist destination and it was estimated the jobs flowing from it would create over two hundred permanent positions.
Mr. O’Keefe showed how the development met all the current zoning regulations. He showed how, with the exception of the hotel complex, the construction traffic would be routed directly to the development property by a construction road off the state highway so as not to disrupt the City with construction traffic during the residential building phase.  After a half hour presentation Mr. O’Keefe asked for approval in principal of the development and to set a date to hold a public hearing as required by state law.  He said his company would provide a letter of credit in the amount of one hundred and fifty million dollars related to the first phase of the development that was estimated to cost one hundred million dollars. 
The first question asked was how much of the one hundred and fifty million dollars was being borrowed by the corporation.
Mitch answered in one word, “None.”  He then added, “These funds have been provided by the investors of the corporation.”
The second was how long the first phase would take.  Mitch told the Council it was expected the hotel and the first waterfront units would be occupied twelve months from final approval.  It was anticipated the first phase would take two to five years to complete depending upon demand.
The Mayor asked the City Attorney to explain the process which he did having prepared for the question.  Based on Chris’s presentation the Council moved and voted to first: approve the project in principal; and secondly set the public hearing date with the City Clerk to publish the notices of meeting as required by law.
By motion the meeting ended.  The room was abuzz and the appointments were forgotten.  The topic of discussion was the project.  Mitch became the man of the year, perhaps the century.  Millie caught snippets about how this would affect real estate values and how the community would be changed.
Ned cornered Millie, “When do I start?”
Millie smiled, “You start in the morning. Meet me here at ten in the morning, and we’ll work out your shifts for the next month.”
“Thanks Millie, you won’t be disappointed.”
Millie nodded, “I expect not Ted.”
Mitch came over to Millie.  He was in a serious mood, “I have to fly to New York on business tonight so I can’t make good on dinner this weekend.  I guess next weekend is out of the question for our Saturday night dinner seeing as Doc and Doris are getting married.  Would you do me the honor of accompanying me to the wedding reception and the following Saturday I will take you dinner.  Please.”
Millie smiled, “I will be delighted and look forward to it.”
Mitch hurried off.  Wilma came over to Millie. 
Millie had known Wilma for a long time though they hadn’t travelled in the same social circles. Wilma introduced it casually, “Don tells me he has plans for you.”
Millie shrugged, “We’ll see.”
“You even sound like a politician.  I’m not running. I’m not running.  Look at me, I’m running.”
Millie couldn’t help herself and she laughed.
“See,” Wilma declared. “I did not realize you had so many influential friends.”
Millie didn’t respond but said, “I’m looking forward to working with you Wilma.  You got a raw deal in the last election.  You were the one who brought the County Clerk’s Office into the twenty first century.”
Wilma smiled, “I also intend to do a great job for the Mayor and Council.  I think this place is going to boom.”
Millie added, “I’m banking on it.”
Millie went into the offices.  They had been vacant for a while and really needed a good cleaning.  The Police Department consisted of an enclosed office which would be hers, an outer office with three metal desks, an eight by ten foot cage, and an interview room.  Millie picked up the phone but it was dead.  She searched her keys and found one that opened the equipment closet and found a plug in police emergency light which she took.  She found handcuffs and spray.  They were all inside cases that clipped to a belt.  She took one of each and put them on her belt.  There were also the plastic tie cuffs and she took some of them for her vehicle but put one set in her jacket.  She left the tazer because she was not yet trained in its use.
She locked the equipment cabinet and went to the gun locker and opened it.  It was empty.  Now she knew why there was a substantial line item for equipment.  She went to the radio recharging station and there were six radios there all with green lights.  She took one set.
Millie knew there were two squad cars in the garage and only one of them ran.  The other had thrown a rod.  The one which ran was on its last legs.  The light bars were old and not useful as replacements.  Millie called it quits, locked up and went to the diner. 
The diner was booming as it usually was on Friday evening.  Millie went in and spied Doris, Doc and Anna sitting at a booth.  Doris waved to her and Millie went over and sat in the vacant spot beside Anna, facing the door. 
Anna brought Millie up to date, “We were discussing the meeting tonight and the big development.”
Doris added, “I may have to enlarge the diner.”
Millie smiled, “Or you may want to start one downtown.”  Millie could tell by the look on her face that Doris was really considering the suggestion.
Doris said, “You know that might not be a bad idea.”
Anna jumped in, “The development is going to change the City in ways we cannot imagine.  We will have to be careful to manage the growth so it does not manage us.  The sales tax revenue on rooms and retail sales could make this little City rich.  It could become a jewel if we are wise.”
Doris smiled, “Our homes will multiply in value no doubt.  Mitch told me the one bedroom condo apartments facing the lake front will start at one seventy five initially.”
Anna considered Millie, “I hear that home you traded your cottage land for is a mansion.  I’d like to see it.”
“Come over in the morning about eight and we can go for a swim before I buy you breakfast.  I’ll give you the tour.  I have to be at the office at ten to meet Ned.”
Anna smiled, “I’m glad you are keeping him on.  I’ll be there at eight.” 
Millie finished a cup of coffee and headed home. 
Chapter 8 - New Beginnings
Millie opened one eye and realized it was light.  She looked at her clock.  It was five to six.  She laid there listening to the quiet.  The alarm went off and Millie climbed out of bed and went and relieved her bladder.  She had a shower, got dressed in shorts and T-shirt, started the coffee then went to the patio and sat down to study under the umbrella.
At seven she heard the door bell ring.  It was habit and she did it without thinking. She took her pistol off the arm of her chair and stuffed it in the back of her waistband.  She went to the door and looked through the peep.  She opened the door to the alarm installers.
“Good morning gentlemen.”
The men were polite, “Good morning ma’am.  I’m Bill and this is Kenny.  You’re the owner?”
“Yes I am.   Would you like coffee, I’ve got fresh on?’  
The men looked at each other and Bill said, “Sure.”
“The kitchen is over here, follow me and have a seat.”  Millie poured them both cups.  “Your boss helped me come up with this initial plan but it was done offsite.  If you have any ideas after you look the place over let me know.  Plans could always be changed.”
Bill asked the first question, “It would help if I knew why you wanted such an elaborate security system.”
“Fair question.  I’m the City Marshal and whether I’m here or away I don’t need uninvited guests.  If I do get them I want a record of their coming.  I want only alarms inside but outside video surveillance would be good with offsite storage.  Can you make some cameras obvious and some that aren’t?”
Kenny interjected, “This is going to be fun Bill.”
Bill agreed, “I like your style ma’am.  Let us take a look around and give you our ideas.”
“OK.  I have a friend visiting I think she’s already gone.  If she isn’t I’ll let you know.  I’m going to the patio to study if you need me.”
Millie checked and Doris had already left for the diner.  Millie studied for about twenty minutes and then the two men came back to her.  She looked up when they came.
“We’ve got a plan.  Bill laid the plans on the umbrella table.  We recommend observable cameras at these locations marked in red.  The cameras will be attached to the house.  The cameras will be hard wired with battery back-up.   They give a total view of the approaches to the house.  We also suggest hidden cameras where we have indicated in blue.  We also recommend you add one inside the garage.  Your locks are very good quality but the garage is the weak spot.
We suggest you get rid of the auto opener and install a keypad remote pole here that you can punch in the access code from your vehicle window.  Wireless signals can be intercepted.  We also suggest that you put a high quality lock on the entrance from the garage and a one piece exterior metal door and frame which are more difficult to break in.
Half the cameras on the original plan aren’t needed but we suggest laser beam interior silent zone alarms that are controlled from the master bedroom.  When you are alone any movement in any room outside the master in any zone you arm will alert.  We suggest the intrusion alarms be noisy so if anyone trips them they think twice about coming in.  We also suggest you put a new door on the master that will slow down any attempt to break in.  The interior door you have on now could be kicked down by a child.
There is one other thing.  You have a lot of glass here.  It is good stuff but in the master you might consider putting another layer inside the existing glass.  Bill pulled out a brochure.  We don’t do this work but this company does.”
Millie had listened intently and asked, “How much?”
“We don’t do doors and glass, and as we have eliminated about eight cameras the installation of the interior zones and the garage entry system would add about twenty seven hundred dollars to the original price.”
Millie looked at Bill, “Is this a good deal?”
“Yeah, the boss is no dummy.  He knows you have friends in high places and he intends to bid on a lot of the work around here.  He told us to give you the best price we could without losing money.”
“OK write up a revised work order and I’ll sign it.  And Bill.”
“Yes ma’am.”
Millie smiled, “Leave me some of your business cards.  I bet you get a commission.”
Bill grinned, “That we do.”  The men left and went to work.
Millie looked at her watch; she still had a few minutes.  She got up and went inside and looked at the bedroom door and she could see what Bill meant.  The door to the garage was also a light interior door.  She decided to call George and have the doors replaced.  She looked at the brochure and the stuff was expensive.  She wondered if she weren’t being paranoid.
The doorbell rang and Millie figured it must be Anna.  She went to the door and it was.
“Come on in Anna.  I’ll give you the grand tour.”
Anna pointed over her shoulder, “What are they up to?”
“Security system.”
Anna walked in. “Beautiful great room.  This place is even bigger than it looks coming up the drive.”
Millie gave Anna the twenty five cent tour and grabbed some bath towels along the way.  Anna looked at everything and said very little until the tour was over.  “You traded your land for this and made out like a bandit.  I suppose though that Mitch and his friends will more than make it up on the hotel they are going to build on your and Bessie’s former land.  This is living girl.  You get to keep the insurance money as well?”
Millie led Anna into the kitchen, “Want something to drink?”
“Have you got ice tea?”
“Comin’ right up.  Let’s take it out to the patio.”  As they walked Millie told Anna, “Yes, I got to keep the insurance money.”
Anna sat in one of the Adirondack chairs that had its own umbrella.  She put the umbrella up.  Millie sat down in the chair next to her.
Anna asked, “I heard scuttlebutt that you bought some other property.  Any truth in that?”
“There is.  I had some insurance money burning a hole in my pocket so I invested it before my jeans caught on fire.”
Anna looked askance at Millie, “Cute.  Mitch gave me a heads up to.”
Millie didn’t respond.  Anna looked at her, “It’s good that friends look out for each other.”
“Yes and that we have friends who can keep their mouths shut when money is involved.”
Anna laughed, “Well said.  You up for a swim?”
Anna led the way to the beach and Millie followed with the towels.   It was early in the season and the lake was very cool but Millie found it refreshing.  The body got somewhat used to it but after about five minutes Millie came out and Anna followed.
They toweled off and went back and sat down in the chairs.  Anna asked, “So Ned is starting today?   What are you planning to do?”
“Initially, Ned will work staggered days so no one knows whether or not he’s on duty.  He will have to be on call until I hire the others and of course we still have the contract with the state in place for this month.  I will work shifting hours.  I plan to work on ordering some much need equipment today.  Monday I plan to develop the vehicle specs so Wilma can get bids out for our police vehicles.  We need them badly.  In the meantime I will use my own vehicle and just claim mileage.”
Anna commented, “Mitch really got us out of a hole didn’t he?”
Millie sighed, “Yes Anna he did.  It’s up to us now with a lot of help from our friends.”
Anna smiled, “Indeed.” 
At nine o’clock Anna left with Millie for the diner where as promised Millie bought the Mayor breakfast.  Doris came and visited while they were there.  At nine forty five Millie left for City Hall.
Ned was waiting outside when Millie arrived.  He was in a dark navy blue uniform. Millie went and unlocked the door and they went in.  Millie asked, “Doesn’t that dark blue get hot in the summer?”
“It’s too hot now.”
Millie asked the obvious, “Well then why don’t we change it before we get the new officers on board?  Have you got any suggestions?”
Ned answered enthusiastically, “Do I ever. How about khaki shirts and slacks with arm badges and service stripes.  Brown trooper hats would be nice.  We could wear brown equipment belts and brown leather holsters.”
“Ok, find them in a catalog and price them up.  We have a twelve hundred dollar uniform allowance.”
Ned hung his head, “That’s not going far between all of us.”
Millie laughed, “That’s each, but don’t go crazy we will need replacements. Price out four sets and see how much that would cost. We’ll also need new badges.”
Ned asked, “New badges?”
‘Yes, the motion authorized four Deputy City Marshals so that’s what the badges and emblems should say, Deputy City Marshal.  You have an hour, so get to work getting me costs.”
Ned smiled, ‘Yes ma’am.”
Millie went to her office which was a mess.  She took off her hat and brushed her hair out of her eyes.  It was then that it occurred to her.  The vehicle specs could wait.  She got some cleaning supplies from the janitorial closet and cleaned her desk.  She tried to fire up the PC on her desk but it was dead.  
Millie called out, “Hey Ned how long has this PC been broken?”
“Long as I can remember.”
Millie went to the garage and got a screwdriver, pliers and a small box.  She went to her office, opened the PC case and took out the hard drive.  
“Hey Deputy, how are these others working?”
“None of them work Marshal.”
Millie proceeded to remove all the hard drives and then disposed of all the old monitors, printers and towers in the dumpster by the garage.  She went into the garage and only the one car had a laptop mounted in it.  She started the car that ran and it was running rough then it died with a loud noise.  Millie knew what had happened.  She opened the hood and saw the dent in the valve cover.  It had thrown a rod with only four hundred thousand miles on the odometer.
Millie took the laptop and went back to the office.  She phoned Chris.  “Sorry to bother you at home Chris but I have a problem.  Both my police vehicles are kaput; thrown rods.  Can I bypass the bid process in an emergency?”  Chris gave her his legal opinion.  Three new vehicles were in the budget.  Millie then called Anna and explained the problem.  Anna agreed this was an emergency.
Millie came out of the office, “Your hour is up Ned.  You have those figures?”
“Yes Marshal.”
She reviewed what he had written.  “Good.  When you have down time I want you to help me develop a list of equipment we need.  I saw no vests in the locker and what happened to the laptop form the other police car?”
Ned responded in order, “I will make a list. We never had vests.  The laptop gave up the ghost a year ago and was disposed of.  I cut it up with the road saw and put it in the dumpster myself.”
Millie handed a set of keys to Ned; get your gear and your badge we may be going to Mountain View.  Millie phoned Don who was with a customer.  She asked that he call her back as soon as possible.  Millie fetched her own laptop from her SUV and plugged it in and did her research.  Don phoned her cell.
“What’s up Millie?”
“Well I’m now official and I have major problems.  How good is the City’s credit?”
Don chuckled, “From what I hear it’s really good now.”
“Don both my squad cars are bust.  I need vehicles yesterday and in this emergency situation I can’t wait for bids and don’t have to.   Do you have any suggestions?”
Don did not hesitate, “Give me a half hour and I’ll get back to you.”
Millie looked at Ned, “Let’s lock it up and I’ll buy you lunch.”
Ned was pleased, “Sounds good to me Marshal.”
They were greeted by most of the customers they passed in the diner. Millie stopped to say hello to a lot of the people.  She waved to others.  She sat in her normal place and had Ned sit across from her. 
 Doris came to their table nodding to Millie and sat beside Ned.  “Good to see you again Ned.  How are you doing?”
Ned smiled, “Now that the Marshal has called me back from layoff, I’m great.”
Millie asked Doris, “When my Deputies are in I would like them to be able to use my table so they can get in and out timely when they are on their breaks.”
Doris was agreeable, “No problem and I’ll tell my staff the coffee is free for the Deputies.”
Ned beamed, “That is really generous of you Doris.  I appreciate it.”
Doris got up, “I’ve got to get back to work because Jenny is off.  Doc is treating her now?”
“Anything serious?”
“Yeah, her face ran into an ex-boyfriends fist several times.  What can I get you?”
They both ordered sandwiches.
Millie called the clinic, “Doc Wooster please, Marshal Boyd calling.  Yes Babette it’s me Millie.  Thanks.  Hey Doc, how bad is Jenny?  Will she be there for a while?  We are eating lunch now and we’ll come over your way when we finish.  Thanks.”
Ned said it, “Your first official case.”
Millie grinned, “You betcha.”
After they ate they drove to the clinic.  Jenny was lying in one of the overnight beds.  She was pretty beaten up.  Millie was really concerned.  She turned and looked at Ned.   Jenny opened her one eye.  The other was swollen shut.
“Who did this to you Jenny?”
Jenny had a hard time speaking, “Billie Kronk.  He came to my place drunk and I refused to let him in.  He broke my door down and beat me.  I don’t know why?”
Millie asked, “Will you sign a complaint?”
Jenny croaked, “Yes.”
Millie turned to Ned, “Write up a complaint for her to sign.”
Ned said, “I don’t have a form”
“Ned think outside the box.  Get a pad from Babette.  You know what’s on the forms so just write it up, take what she says down and have her sign it.  Do it now please and quickly.”
“Yes Marshal.”  Ned hurried away.
“Do you know where he might be Jenny?”
Jenny got it out, “His brother Jeff’s, forty Central, apartment three.”
Ned came in with the hastily written complaint.  He held it so Jenny could read it.
“Yes.”  She put out her hand for a pen.  Ned gave it to her and she signed the statement.
Millie stroked Jenny’s hand, “You get some rest.  We’ll get him.”
Millie motioned to Ned and they left Jenny’s room.  Doc was coming down the hall. “How bad Doc?”
“She has a broken nose, fractured jaw, two teeth broken, three broken ribs, and multiple bruises.  She was beaten pretty badly.  When she was down he kicked her.  I could almost make out the type of boot he was wearing and the size was twelve.”
Millie was angry, “Have you got pictures of the damage?”
Doc nodded, “Yes, lots, and x-rays.  Get that thug.  I’ll testify to aggravated, maybe even attempted murder.”
They were leaving the clinic when Don called.  “I pulled some strings. One of the larger departments has an SUV police package with everything but decals installed.  I told them about your plight and they agreed to let you have it and take the next one.  I can have it here in four hours if you will pay three hundred to have a driver bring it here and take a bus back.”
“That’s great Don.  How much for the SUV?”
“The bid price and two hundred for my work.”
“Ok, please arrange it.  I appreciate your help.  If I get the decals to you before it arrives can one of your guys put them on?”
“For a small fee.  I’ll have to pay overtime.” 
Millie agreed.  She called the print shop but it was closed on Saturday.  She phoned and told Don the decals would have to wait until Monday.  She told Ned he would have to arrange that Monday.  She drove back to the office and pulled a telescopic baton out of the equipment locker.  Ned watched her and she said to him, “I suggest you get one.”
Ned retrieved one and they were off in pursuit of Billie. 
Millie asked Ned, “You know Billie?” 
“Yes.”
Millie smiled, “Good, then we both will recognize him.”
They arrived at forty Central and parked across the street because Ned recognized Billie’s pickup.  Billie staggered out onto the front porch.  He sat on the steps with a bottle of beer.  
“Ned you wait here until I’m in front of him then run fast to him.  I don’t want to hurt him any more than I have to.”
Millie got out and approached Billie indirectly.  She was almost to him before he saw her.
“Hey babe, what’s your name?”
Millie was only about four feet from him. “She swept her jacket back. City Marshal Billie, you are under arrest for …”
He charged her.  She was expecting it and side stepped, flipping the baton open effortlessly and hit him once.  He went down hard.   Ned was on Billie and handcuffed him.  Billie regained his awareness, and was cursing, screaming obscenities and kicking so Millie decided to hog tie him.  Billie held him down while she brought the SUV up onto the lawn.  She brought the ties and they hog tied him and then she took a cloth and gagged him.  
Millie smiled, “I don’t like biters and I don’t want to listen to him all the way to lock-up.”  They drove to the county seat and Ned took care of the processing.  The charges were breaking and entering and aggravated assault.  They were in Mountain View anyway so Millie went to Don’s place.
She told Ned to come with her.  Don was alone in his office.  “Hey Don.  You know Ned?”
Don looked up.  “Yes.  Hi Ned.”  The men shook hands.
Millie held out her hand, “I wanted to thank you personally.  Ned here will take delivery.  You mind if he waits here until the new ride gets here?  He can sign for it.”
“No problem Millie.”
 Millie turned to Ned, “Give me a call Ned when you get back to Haven.  There’s a restaurant across the street.  Just keep the receipt.”
“OK Marshal.”  Ned followed her outside.
“What is it Ned?”
“It’s embarrassing but I’m broke.  My first unemployment check hasn’t come yet.”
Millie fished her money clip from her pocket and gave Ned a twenty.  They parted without another word.  Millie drove over to the Sheriff’s Department and went inside.  An officer confronted her “Guns are not allowed in here.  There’s a sign on the door.”
Millie pulled her jacket back and thus flashed her badge.  She held out her hand, “Millie Boyd.”
The officer ignored her and walked out.  Millie went to the desk.  “Who’s supervising today?”  The receptionist leaned over and almost whispered, “Between us girls, no one’s going to talk to you.  The Sheriff gave orders and unless you talk to him you’ll get nowhere.”
Millie couldn’t help it, she laughed.  The receptionist looked around to see if anyone had noticed.  Millie leaned in and said, “Just between us girls, his bad.  I think he just made my mind up for me.”
The receptionist whispered and smiled knowingly, “Good.  He’s a jerk.”
Millie asked one more question, “Who’s your best deputy?”
“That would be Robert Woods, former special forces.  Nice guy.  Effective and he’s liked by everybody but the new Sheriff.  He was hired by the former Sheriff.  I’m Amy by the way.”  Amy jotted down and slipped Millie a phone number.
“Thanks Amy.  I think it would be better if we didn’t shake hands.”  Millie left.
She went out to her SUV and called the number. The guy who answered was obviously half asleep.
“Is this Deputy Robert Woods?”
“Yes. Who is this?”
“Marshal Millie Boyd, City of Safe Haven Bay.  Confidentially, would you be interested in coming for an interview for the position of Deputy Marshal in Safe Haven.”
“How much do you pay?”
Millie knew she had him.  “About four thousand more a year than the Sheriff’s office presently pays and the same benefits.”
“When and where?”
Millie thought for a moment, “When are you off shift next?” 
“I just finished a night shift and I’m off tomorrow and Monday I’m off until four.”
“Then let’s do it tomorrow, Sunday.  Let’s say at fourteen hundred you meet me at City Hall.”
“I’ll be there Marshal.”
Millie hung up.  She drove to the office.  Millie started a list of work that needed to be done.  She was working on a “things to do” list when Anna came in.  
“Hi Millie.”
Millie sat back, “Hello Anna.  How are you this fine day?”
The Mayor smiled, “Great.  I hear you bagged your first bad guy today.  Doris was telling me about it at the diner.  Is it true you took mean Billie Kronk down with one baton hit?”
“Yes.  Ned jumped on him and cuffed him.  Boy word travels fast.”
Anna seemed pleased.  “Folks have been waiting a long time for Billie to get what he deserved.  There was no one to stand up to him before.  You gained a lot of brownie points putting him away.”
“By Monday he may be bonded out.”
Anna shrugged, “Maybe, maybe not.  His momma is not too pleased with him.  She almost lost her house the last time he didn’t appear.  She went looking for him and talked him into turning himself in.  She may not post bond for him this time.”
“You know how it is with the Kronks Anna; blood runs thick with that lot.”
Anna changed the subject, “So when does your new police vehicle get here?”
“This afternoon.  Ned is waiting at Don’s dealership for it to arrive.  Don did us a good turn there.”
Anna was in agreement.  “Yes.  I expect he called in a favor for that.  Don is a good old boy but not in the bad way.  If he likes you he will go to the wall for you, and he really likes you.  He’s a good friend to have.  I hear he has already pegged you to run against Buff Wright for County Sheriff.”
Millie couldn’t help chuckling, “So I’m told.  I expect that our Department will end up being bigger than the Sheriff’s in a few years and Don may change his mind and want me to stay here.”
“You may be right.  Remember though, since his brother Wayne pleaded, Buff has it out for us.  I don’t understand how the County folks could be so blind after Ben retired.  Be careful.” 
“I’ll keep my eyes open.”
Anna got up, “I’ll let you get back to what you were doing.  I know you have a lot to do.”
Millie thought there was no time like the present to work on her first big challenge.
Millie phoned the former County Sheriff Ben Williams.  She had known Ben for years and had gone to school with his youngest daughter.
She heard the phone being picked up, “Hi Ben, it’s Millie Boyd.”
Ben’s voice seemed as strong as ever in spite of his advancing years, “Well hello Millie.  I hear you are now Marshal, good for you.  If there is ever anyway I can help let me know.”
  “Well Ben, I was calling for just that purpose. I need your advice.  I’m head hunting for good Deputies.  What can you tell me about Robert Woods?”
Ben didn’t hesitate, “He’s probably the best in the Department.  If you can get him, do it.  Since I’ve retired I’ve had a lot of calls for a shoulder to cry on.  Wright is making a shambles of the Department and morale is off the scale - low.  The next best are Theresa Tillison, she goes by Terry, and Josh Miller.”
Millie laughed, “You know just how many I need.”
“I keep abreast of what’s going on.”
Millie asked, “You got numbers for these folks?”
Ben chuckled, “I have been expecting your call.  If you will allow me to make some brownie points with my former protégés, I’ll have them call you.”
“Thanks Ben.  I appreciate your help.”
Ben laughed, “Oh, I must confess that it gives me not some little pleasure to put it to Wright.  Gotta go Millie and make some calls.  Bye.”
Within minutes Millie got the first call from Terry and then Josh called.  Millie had made three interview appointments for Sunday afternoon.  Millie finished her list and made notes on the decal changes she wanted.  She started on the bid outline for the new police vehicles when her cell rang.
“Millie it’s Ned.  I am just about back with this beauty.  Your phone was busy.  How many of these are in the budget?”
Millie was having a good time, “Two more.”
Ned was like a little kid at Christmas, “Oh this is a thing of beauty.  I’ll be there directly.”
Millie clicked off and went back to work.  Five minutes later she heard him pull up and went out to see the new vehicle.  
Ned offered enthusiastically, “You’ve got to drive this thing.  Have a look see Marshal.”
Millie did look, and closely.  Ned was right it was a thing of beauty from a practical standpoint and it looked nice to.  She decided right there and then this was just the perfect kind of vehicle for the Department.  It was four wheel drive so could go on sandy beaches or wet construction sites or travel muddy lanes.  There was enough room to get prisoners in easily and it had stability control.  Yes this type of SUV was just the ticket.  It had been fully outfitted and just needed a laptop to be put on the mount to the right of the driver’s seat.
Ned grabbed the paperwork and they went inside.
Millie had a lot yet to do today, “Grab a pen and paper Ned I have things for you to do.”
Ned did and came into her office where she motioned him to sit down.  “I’m going to be interviewing some people tomorrow you may know.  If you come in the office you may interact with them but for now their presence is not for public consumption.  I am going to authorize some overtime for you until we get additional Deputies.  Here is the deal, and you need to get your wife on board; your schedule is not for public knowledge, understand?”
“Yes Marshal.”
“You will be on call for emergencies even though I intend to keep the State Patrol coverage until we are fully staffed and the new Deputies are oriented.  We need to make our presence known right away.  Tonight you and I will work from eight until the bars close at one thirty.  Sunday I want you to do general patrol from ten thirty in the morning until ten thirty at night.  Next week Monday through Thursday I want you to be on duty and patrol from noon to midnight.  We’ll work the rest out later.  You good with that?”
Ned nodded, “I am and thanks Marshal, I can use the overtime.”
Millie sat back, “For the next little while you may get some.  Now here are some things I want you to get done in the next week.  Be sure to drive past the new church opening Sunday about fifteen minutes before service and again after it gets out.  Drive around by the diner.  In short be seen.  Starting Monday do at least a half hour of traffic patrol on the highway at staggered times.  People come through there too fast and we’ve had too many accidents there.  It’s a wonder somebody hasn’t been killed.    Give the locals a warning the first time; selective enforcement and visibility, understand?  Do door checks and visits and be seen.”
“Yes Marshal.”
“Go on home and take the new vehicle. I’ll see you back here at eight.  And keep this ‘Hours Worked and Activities Report’ current.”  She handed him a form she had made up which she hoped was self explanatory.
“Yes Marshal.”
Millie added to her to do list to get decals Monday for the vehicle.  She finished work on the new template with the rough changes so the graphics guy at the sign shop could “clean it up”.   When she finished that she closed up and drove to the diner.  She had not eaten lunch and was hungry.  The special of the day was prime rib and mashed potatoes with carrots and choice of pie.  Millie ordered that and the waitress poured her a cup of coffee.  Doris was off so Millie ate alone and then went to the clinic to see Jenny.
Nurse Thomas was on duty and greeted Millie.  Millie went to Jenny’s room.  Jenny was lying there watching TV with the one eye she could see out of.  The swelling was going down in the other but it was still swollen shut.
“Hi Jenny, how you doin’ girl?”
Jenny had a hard time speaking, “Beder.”
“We got him.  He’s in county.’
Jenny struggled to get it out, “Forgod, have restrain order.”
“You had a restraining order against him when he did this?”
“Ya.”
“You get some rest, I’ll come back to see you when I can.”  Millie went outside and called the Prosecuting Attorney’s office and left a voice mail.  “This is Marshal Millie Boyd, City of Safe Haven Bay.  It’s about the charges against Billie Kronk and may affect his bail hearing.  The victim apparently had a restraining order against him.  Perhaps you can use that to keep him from getting bail and to the victim again.  Please let me know immediately if he is released.”
Millie went home and relaxed on the patio for a while and drank ice tea.  She saw Doris and Doc coming up from the beach.  They came and sat down beside her.  
Doris spoke first, “Nice evening.  How are you doing?”
Millie smiled, “Hi Doc.  I’m doing well.”
Doc spoke next, “I heard you got him with a minimum of force.  I wish he had put up more of a fight.”
Millie shook her head, “Not me Doc.  Be sneaky, quick and git ‘er done is my motto.  The less the resistance the less chance the good guys will get hurt.”
Doris asked, “Would you like to come over around eight?  We are having a few friends over.”
Millie chuckled.  Doris was too transparent.  She was happy and she wanted Millie to have the same warm heart Doc gave her.  “I suppose the hunk pastor is going to be there?”
Doris smiled, “Yes so it happens.”
Millie grinned, “Ya, it just so happens.  I’d love to but tonight is a work night for me.”  She turned to Doc, “Will Jenny be alright?  She was pretty beat up.”
“She’ll heal outside but the inside may be more of a problem.  She does not want to go back to her apartment when she is discharged.  She will need some help for a while.”
Millie thought for a moment, “I suggest you call Don Posten, the Chevy dealer in Mountain View.  He’s on the board of a shelter and perhaps they could help her until she gets back on her feet and gets back to work.”
Doc seemed satisfied, “I’ll call him Monday.  I don’t expect to release Jenny for a few days yet.  What are your plans for tomorrow?”
“I plan to go to church in the morning and then work in the afternoon and evening.”
Doc and Doris got up, and Doc spoke, “Well I guess I’ll see you in the morning.  Would you like to ride with us?  I can pick you up with Doris.”
“No.  I am going to get a bite and go straight to the office, but thanks anyway.”
Doc and Doris left and Millie locked up and headed for the office.  Millie was working when Ned came in at ten to eight.  He was smiling, “Hi boss.”
Millie looked up, “Hi Ned.  You’re cheerful tonight.”
Ned smiled, “Yes, my wife and I talked about that very thing.  I’ve come to realize my limitations and am much happier for it.  I guess I never was much good at figuring out what needed to be done.  If I am told what needs to be done I can hop to it and get it done and that makes me happy.   My wife says she sees a change in me lately.   Good changes and she is happy about them.” 
Millie smiled broadly. “Well let’s go see some more of what needs to be done.”  They first stopped at Duffy’s Bar.   Ned asked, “Are we going in there?”  
“Yes we are Ned.  Just smile and be nice and follow my lead.”
Millie strolled into the bar and more than a few heads turned.  Millie went to the bar where the owner Joe Miller was bartending.  Millie had known Joe since kindergarten.  “Hi Joe how are things?”
“Good Millie.  What brings you here?  Looking for somebody in particular?”
“No Joe, just a service for our local businessmen.  Everything OK?”
Joe seemed a little surprised, “Yes it is Millie.”
“Good, we’ll drop by from time to time.  If you have any trouble you need help with give us a call.  Have a good night.”
Joe smiled, “Night Marshal.  Anytime.”  Joe thought to himself she was Ok.  The Marshal thing had not gone to her head.  
One of Joe’s customers looked up, “You know the Marshal?  You seemed pretty friendly.”
Joe nodded as he toweled a glass, “Ya, we’ve known each other since we were in kindergarten.  She’s alright, just don’t piss her off.”  Joe went back to drafting beer.
When they got back in the car Ned asked, “You expect us to do that?”
“You betcha.  You know these guys.  Most of them are a little rough around the edges but if you develop a good relationship with them they will work with you when the chips are down.  Don’t ride them about stuff that doesn’t really amount to anything and you’ll be Ok.  These guys are businessmen and their licenses are gold to them.  We hardly ever have problems at the bars ‘cause they know when to cut the trouble makers off.  It’s after the bar closes when they go to the all night liquor stores in the county and drink more that the trouble starts.” 
There next stop was the Hi-Way Bi-Way Tavern on the highway.  When they arrived Millie said, “Your turn to lead.”
Ned went in with Millie following.  Ned put on his best smile.  The owner, Mary Margaret was at the bar and Ned said, “Hi Mary Margaret how are you doing?”
Mary Margaret answered, “Passable. You looking for somebody?”
Ned shook his head, “No just a courtesy drop in to see if you are alright.”
Mary Margret looked dumfounded, “You kiddin’?”
Ned laughed, “No Mary Margaret, we value our business owners.  Look if you ever need us you know how to get a hold of us.”
Mary Margaret’s attitude had changed and Millie put her hand out to shake Mary Margaret’s. “I’m Millie Boyd; I don’t believe we’ve met.”
Mary Margaret shook her hand.
Ned added, “She’s the City Marshal.”
Mary Margaret looked puzzled so Ned added, “The boss cop.”
Mary Margaret smiled and said, “Very pleased to meet you.”
Millie leaned up over the bar and her feet were off the ground.  Mary Margaret leaned in as Millie almost whispered, “Mary Margaret if you are leaving late at night to make a night deposit don’t hesitate to call us for an escort and if there’s a Deputy available, we’ll come.”  
Mary Margaret was obviously not used to being treated respectfully, “Thanks Marshal, I may take you up on it from time to time.”
Ned added quietly, “We will drop in from time to time to make sure you are alright.”  Ned was smiling as they left.  “That felt good.”
The next stop was Joe’s Pool Hall.  The first reaction there when they came in was that everything came to a halt and there was quiet.
Millie walked over to the bar, “Hi Monty, long time no see.”
Monty put his hand out and they shook.  “The last time you were in here Millie some of the fellows had to carry Shamus out.”  
Millie laughed and put her hands up in surrender.
Monty asked, “You looking for somebody?”
Millie shook her head, “No Monty, just a routine courtesy call.  I know you run a clean place.  We will drop in from time to time just to make sure out of towners know we are about.  You know how to get a hold of us if you need us.  Take care Monty.  See you later.”
Monty smiled, “See ya Marshal.”
When they were back in the squad, Ned asked, “How often will we drop by?”
Millie responded, “Just once or twice on Friday and Saturday nights at different times and maybe once on one or two nights during the week.”
Ned inquired seriously, “I’m new at this public relations stuff, what if they offer me a drink?”
“Tell them you can’t have alcohol while you are on duty.  If they offer you a coffee or soda stop and have one occasionally but not every time.  You don’t want them to think you are a freeloader.  It won’t hurt if they give you something to put a buck in the tip jar.”
Ned nodded, “You sure you haven’t done this before?”
Millie shook her head, “I just know the people here.”  That wasn’t all of it for Millie had been studying about such things and had developed her own ideas.
They were driving toward the diner when they saw a car coming shooting out of the diner parking lot.  It hopped the curb on the corner going down the wrong side of the highway swerving.  It then turned hard at the corner heading down Central.   Millie turned on the lights and they went after the car.  The car pulled over and Millie said, “Show me how you do it Ned.”  Millie got out and stood at the back of the car as Ned conducted the stop.  
Ned approached from the driver’s side his hand on his gun but before he could say anything, the man stumbled out of the car moaning his back to Ned and his hands hidden.  
Ned with his gun drawn started yelling the command, “Show me your hands!  Show me your hands!” The man put his hands on the top of the door.  Ned ordered the woman out and Millie went to her side of the car.
The woman looked at Millie and started crying.  It was Carla and Millie realized she knew the man as well.  It was her husband Frank.   Millie told Carla to sit on the curb. 
Carla started with, “You’ve got to get him to the clinic.”
Millie asked, “Why?”
Carla was crying, “His private parts are all caught up in his zipper.  We were at the diner and he went to the bathroom.  I heard this horrible scream and he came out of the bathroom with his jacket tied around his waist.”
Millie had to turn her head away to keep from breaking into laughter.  The man was still moaning.
Millie asked the obvious, “Why aren’t you driving?”
“I don’t have a license so Frank wouldn’t let me.  Let me help him, please!” 
“Stay put Carla.”
Ned called to Millie, “His sack is caught in his zipper.”
Millie called back across the car. “Bring him around so Carla can help him.”
Frank came around the car moaning and the tears flowing from his eyes.  He came and stood before Carla who was sitting on the curb.  Millie turned away.
Frank let out a piercing high pitched scream and Millie jumped and turned around.  Frank was bent over sobbing and Carla was weeping.
Carla simply said with a sense of failure, “I can’t get it out.”
Millie came up with a solution. “Ok this is what we are going to do.  We are going to all get in the police vehicle and we will take Frank to the clinic.  I don’t see any purpose being served in dragging you both into court to account for Frank’s erratic driving and making you objects of public ridicule.”
Carla was bobbing her head up and down furiously muttering, “Thank you, thank you.”
Millie asked Frank, “That all right with you?”
Frank muttered, “I’m going to sue.  That’s what I’ll do, I’ll sue.”
Millie turned to Ned, “Ok, I guess we have to ticket Frank at the clinic.”
Carla yelled, “NO!  Frank! You’d better apologize to the nice officers right now or you will be permanently sleeping on the sofa.  Do you know what a laughing stock you will be; that I’ll be if this gets out?”
Frank was hanging his head.
Carla screamed, “Say it Frank!”
“I apologize.  I agree.”
Ned helped Frank very delicately into the back of the unit.  At Millie’s suggestion Carla locked Frank’s car and slid into the other side of the police unit.  They drove in silence to clinic the only sounds Frank’s slight moaning when the car rocked or bumped.  
When they got to the clinic Carla said, “Marshal Millie I really appreciate this.  Thanks Ned.”  She walked inside with Frank leaning on her shoulder and holding the jacket in place with the other.  Millie and Ned followed.
 Peggy was on duty and she asked, “What happened?”
Millie said in an understated way, “We have an unusual accident.  Frank here has his privates caught in his fly.”
Peggy asked, “He sober?”
Millie nodded affirmatively, “Yes, it was just one of those things.”
Peggy looked at Ned, “Take him to exam room one and stay while I treat him.”
Millie stayed in the waiting area with Carla.  She heard a high pitch scream which she recognized as Franks.  She stifled her laughter.  Carla started sobbing.
Ned came out smiling and walked outside with Millie following.  He broke into a fit of laughter and Millie couldn’t help it.  She broke down and they laughed until their stomachs hurt.   Millie looked at Ned, “Too bad it’s not a story we will be able to tell.”
Ned grinned, “I never knew police work could be so much fun.”
They were recovering from the laughter when a minute later Peggy came out chuckling.  “Boy he was mangled good.  I had to freeze it and sedate him. He will be here for a while.  Carla is comforting him.”
Millie said to Peggy, “Never a boring moment.  See you later Peggy.”  Millie and Ned got back in the unit.
Ned asked, “What now?”
“Door checks.”
Ned asked, “Door checks?”
Millie shook her head.  “Don’t you ever watch any cop shows on TV.  Drive the commercial strip.”
The drove around to all the commercial buildings and stopped at each one and got out to check that the doors were locked.  Millie found one unlocked.  She called the owner and told him.  He told her he had just received a call from the alarm company and was headed that way.  Millie asked permission to go in and clear the building and the owner gave it.  It turned out to be just an unlocked door.
The owner was impressed that the Marshal’s office was checking the businesses.  He gave the Marshal a private cell phone number which she keyed into her phone as did Ned.  Millie then realized they needed to use cell phones.  She would authorize partial reimbursement for use of Deputies cell phones for business.
The rest of the night was uneventful and Millie arrived home in the wee hours and grabbed five hours sleep before her alarm went off.  She realized she would have to go to church in work clothes.  She showered, brushed her teeth, dressed and tied her hair in a pony tail and headed out.
Chapter 9 - The Team
The church parking lot was filling up quickly when Millie got there. There was a new sign for the new church that announced in three lines, Safe Haven Bay Community Church, Dr. Dan Abelson Pastor, Spiritual Hospital for Sinners. There were obviously people coming that had not driven all the way to Crossroads or over to Longview to go to church.  Millie parked and headed toward the door when Frank and Carla almost bumped into Millie.  It was one of those chance encounters.
Frank spoke and was very humbled, “Thanks for what you did for us Marshal. Thanks a lot.”
Millie smiled, “You are welcome Frank.”
Carla nodded and off the young couple went hand in hand.  
Millie knew a lot of the people going into the church and being greeted by the Pastor.  Some were surprised when Dan greeted Millie by name and said it was good to have her at worship again.   He leaned over and whispered in her ear, “It was a nice thing you did for Frank and Carla.”
Millie nodded and walked on in.  She saw Doc, Doris and Anna sitting together.  She went and sat with them.  The service was very good.  There were three young people with guitars who led the upbeat praise songs.  When it came time for the sermon, Pastor Dan said it was not the message he had prepared but what he had been led by the Spirit to preach about at the last minute.  He talked about love overcoming gossip, good will rather than ill will, and protecting others’ reputations.  A lot of people sat nodding agreement.  She had to give Dan credit; the Bible Thumper presented an interesting message.
After church Millie headed for the diner.  Many of the customers were the people from the church and they greeted Millie and she enjoyed stopping to talk for a minute or two.  She finally got to her table.  Her friends had not come and she decided they weren’t going to lunch here today.  Millie ordered a sandwich and a soda for a change.  She enjoyed the chatter of the people here.  She thought that to her it was a low friendly buzz like that of a bee in the garden flitting from flower to flower.  It was not the cacophony, yes that was the word, of the city folk all hurried and tense at lunchtime as they rushed to eat, force conversation upon their neighbors and get to their next thing.  Millie was happy.
When she arrived at the office early she found an athletic young man peering into the building.  “May I help you?”
The man turned.  He was not handsome, but not unattractive either.  He was about six foot tall and had a lean muscular look about him. Millie guessed he was in his late twenties. He moved gracefully as Millie imagined a trained athlete would.
“I’m Robert Woods.   I know I’m early but I thought I’d have a look around.”
Millie extended her hand, “Marshal Millie Boyd.”
Robert shook her hand, “Yes I know.  You were somewhat of a celebrity there for a bit.”
Millie laughed, “Yes, my fifteen minutes of fame.”
He answered simply, “Yes ma’am.”
Millie unlocked the door, “You might as well come on in.”  Millie led the way turning on lights as they went.  “The Post Office is on one side and the City Offices on the other.  There is an adjoining door to the City Offices that is normally kept locked.  We can open into theirs but they can’t come this way unless we open it.”
Millie went to her office and motioned for Robert to sit. “I am going to put coffee on. I’ll be back in a minute.  You want some?”
He said, “Yes please.”
Millie came back and sat down.  “It will take a bit to brew.  So tell me about yourself.”
“Born and raised in Kansas.  My family still lives there.  High school jock, average grades, knew everybody.   No jobs there, so when I finished high school I enlisted.  The powers to be realized I was good at soldiering so I got specialized training.  Two tours in the Mideast.  I got out four years ago and got my Associate’s Degree and got certified.  Ben recruited me to the Sheriff’s Department.  What else would you like to know?”
“Ben said you were good, and that’s enough for me?  “What interests you in working here?”
“I have a small place about ten miles outside of Safe Haven.  This is home now. “
Millie looked at him, “And?”
“Buff Wright suggested I might want to start looking for other employment.  I’m not the only one he suggested that to.  I think he wants to bring in his own guys.  The morale stinks because Sheriff Wright doesn’t trust those below him.”
Millie nodded, “And he doesn’t trust you.”
“No.  And the funny thing is he should.  I’ve been around the block.  I have been loyal to men who commanded and I didn’t like, but they had the rank so I was a loyal soldier and did what I was told.  There is also the friendship loyalty that is given from respect and relationship.  Wright does not understand the difference.”
Millie said, “Fair enough.”
Robert looked her in the eye, “Seeing as we are being candid, why am I here and not someone else?”
Millie smiled and leaned forward, “Because Ben said you were the best and that’s what I need.  I lucked into my rank and am learning on the fly.  I need people I can depend on that know what they’re doing.”
Robert sat back, “Fair enough.  I notice the place is kind of sparse.”
Millie sighed, “Just one more of my problems, I have the money but not the stuff.  You have any experience with that?”
“Computers, communications, weapons, equipment, yeah I can handle it.  Give me a day and I would have an order ready and could tell you where is the best place is to get it.  How many Deputies are you looking for?”  
“Three.”
“Have any potential candidates?”
Millie nodded affirmatively, “Yes, I have two more coming this afternoon.”
Robert asked, “How would you react to a subordinate who challenged an idea or tactic?”
Millie knew where this was going.  “I would welcome it provided it was constructive, respectful, and thought out.  I would also expect as I am the one with whom the buck stops, that if I decided to proceed anyway after considering the advice, the subordinate would follow my orders.  You think you could work for me?”
Robert smiled, “I’d even like to.”
Millie asked, “When would you be able to start?”
Robert answered, “I have to give a one week notice but I expect when I give notice I will be released immediately.  In any event, I could work part time during my notice period.”
Millie put out her hand, “Ok, you’re hired.  I expect you know the documentation I need?”
Robert shook her hand, “I have it in my vehicle.”
Millie said, “Well bring it in and copy it so I can have the City Clerk start your personnel file.  You will need to drop by first thing tomorrow and get all the necessary forms completed.  You want to start on that list now?  I can put you on the clock.”

Robert said, “Sure, why not.  I never helped build a department before.  This will be a new experience.”  Before Robert could get out of the office, Terry showed up for her appointment.  
She greeted Robert, “Hey Rob what are you doing here?”
Robert laughed, “I work here.  I can save you some time, she’s Ok.”
Terry was a big woman, as in imposing, not as in fat.  She must be five eleven Millie thought.  Millie thought to herself, “I bet she could best some of the redneck boys.”
Her voice was like her appearance, imposing, ‘Hello, Marshal, I’m Terry Tillison.”
Millie smiled, “Have a seat Terry, I’m going to get some coffee, it must be done by now.  You want some?”
Terry smiled, “Sure thing, black please.”
Millie poured three cups.  Robert came back into the office with his file.  Millie handed him a cup of coffee.  “Just go into the main office and turn on the copy machine.  Give it about five to warm up before you use it.”
Millie took the two cups into her office and handed one to Terry.  
Terry started the conversation, “When did you hire Robert?”
“Just now.  He will be working part time until his notice period is up.  Tell me about yourself Terry.”
“I was born on the other side of the state.  Dad died overseas in the service.  Mom raised the three of us.  We were lucky, Mom is a CPA, came from a middle class family.  We kids didn’t live in poverty.  Mom never remarried.  I played sports in high school.  I was good enough that I got a scholarship to a community college.  I went for career counseling and the lady was good.  She counseled me on a law enforcement path.  I have an Associate’s and certification.  Ben recruited me.  I love law enforcement.”
Terry was not shy.  “Can I do turnabout?”
Millie smiled, “Go ahead.”
“How’d you come to be City Marshal?”
Millie said, “Good fortune and good friends.  Somebody saw in me what I didn’t see in myself.  Folks around here knew me, trusted me, put their faith in me so here I am.  Like you, I love it.  Like you I have an Associate’s Degree in Law Enforcement and certification.”
“What’s the pay?”
Millie answered, “Starting pay is four thousand more than a Deputy at the Sheriff’s Department makes. Benefits are the same.”
Terry laughed, “Boy am I glad this wasn’t widely known; you’d have had a line up around the block.  Ben the reason you’re interested?” 
Millie said, “Yes, he recommended you highly.  I’m new and I need experienced people around me.  I want the best I can get and apparently that includes you.  Can you excuse me a minute Terry?”
Millie went to Robert. “You like working with her?”
Robert said, “Oh yeah, she’s really good.  I mean really good.”
Millie went back in the office and sat down, “What else would you like to know Terry?”
Terry asked, “What do you expect of your Deputies?”
Millie knew exactly what she wanted, “Honesty, ability, fitness, loyalty, enthusiasm and common sense.  My Deputies need to be peace officers, social workers, public relations experts, and diplomats.”
Terry laughed, “That all?  Sounds about right to me.  I think Rob might have trouble with the social worker part.  He’s not the soft and fuzzy type.”
Millie shrugged, “I guess we’ll have to work with him.”
Terry was in mid sip of her coffee and it came up through her nose.  Millie ran and got some paper towel and brought it into the office and handed it to Terry.
Millie had a good feeling about Terry, “Would you like to come to work for a newbie?”
Terry smiled, “Where do I sign?”
Millie said, “Good.  What are your shifts like?”
Terry sighed, “I’ll give notice but as soon as I do I’ll be gone.  When can I start full time?”
Millie smiled, “Tomorrow.  If Robert gets the boot we’ll work out shifts.”  Millie stuck her head out the hall door and called to Robert who was at the copy machine, “Hey, can you come in for a minute?”
Robert came into the office and sat down next to Terry.  “Deputy, meet your new colleague Deputy Marshal Tillison.”
Robert rolled his eyes, “Not again.”
Terry punched him playfully on the arm.
Millie spread her arms.  “The whole thing needs to be organized so here it is.  There are now three Deputies.  I hope to soon have four.  I inherited Ned, and he’s alright.  I think he can learn a lot from you.  You can learn a little from him because he knows the people.  If you don’t have to serve out your notice you can start right away.  I told Ned he would be working twelve hour shifts Monday through Thursday, noon to midnight.   I am going to leave it to the four Deputies to work out twenty four seven coverage.  I’ll referee if necessary.  If you agree to a schedule initial it and give me a copy.  Right now we have only one squad unit but we’ll be sending out bids tomorrow.  Good so far?  Ideas?”
Just about then Josh came into the office and the two Deputies said in unison, “Hire him.”  They jumped up and each one went and grabbed him by the arm pits and brought him in.  
Robert said it seriously, “Josh you are coming to work here with Terry and I and we will rip your arms out if you don’t.  The money is better, the benefits the same, and the esprit de corps will be excellent.  Any questions?”
Josh was grinning from ear to ear, “How much better is the money?”
Terry hit him across the back of the head gently, “Mercenary.  About four grand a year.”
Josh shrugged, “I’m in.”
Millie gave Josh a stern look, “I haven’t offered you a job yet.”
Josh was momentarily taken aback.
Millie said, “Would you like to come and work for me?”
Josh repeated, “I’m in.”
Just about this time Ned came in.  Millie looked at Ned, “Ned these are the new Deputies, Robert, Terry, and Josh.”
Robert said, “Everyone calls me Rob.”
Millie shook her head, “You never told me that.”
Rob smiled, “The boss gets to call me whatever she wants.”
“Ned grab another chair will you?”
Ned got a chair and they were all sitting there. “I’ll work unscheduled weird hours so unless it is an emergency just use your judgment.  Here is a list of things that need to be done.    Rob is going to get the weapons, communications and equipment order ready for my approval. Ned will be arranging uniforms and badges. Ned please show the Deputies what we have in mind and get their input.  I would like a unanimous recommendation.  Josh the arrangement we have made is that when you give notice if you are told not to serve your notice period I will put you on the payroll right away full time.  If you have to serve your notice I can give you part time hours.   Terry we will need our phone reconnected and our computer lines.  Once we have a phone number we need business cards, please arrange with the printers to get us proofs to review.  We want embossed cards, not the cheap ones.  There should be an old card around somewhere, just make sure it says City Marshal, or Deputy City Marshal as appropriate.  Josh we need to get bid specs prepared for two new police vehicles. Get the ones for the unit we have.  You all have a chance to review the new unit and decide if we need changes.  If you have problems help one another.   Wilma knows all about the bid process and can give you a go by.  Give me your recommendations ASAP.  Questions?”
Terry smiled when she said it, “For a newbie Marshal, you sure know how to take charge and delegate”
Millie asked, “Ok, who knows computers?”
Rob looked at Terry, “I’m good but Terry is just as good.” 
Millie said, “Ok we need to set up for all of us.  Terry can you figure out what we need, specs and stuff for five work stations plus laptops for the vehicles and get us three good prices in lieu of bids?”
Terry said enthusiastically, “Will do.”
Millie asked, “We miss anything”
Terry said, “Probably but I can’t think of it.”
Rob said, “We don’t have a departmental policy manual do we?”
Millie asked, “With just the five of us do we really want one unless the insurance company pressures us?”
The Deputies looked at each other and no one said anything else.
Millie added, “If you think of anything else make a running list.  When we are running full time you will work forty two hours per week and I do have an overtime budget for the extra two hours etc.  Work together when you do a schedule to work court time into the equation so you spread the overtime fairly, and I want to keep as much as possible for important stuff like parades, funerals and civic events.”  They all grinned.  “I’m going home to study the City ordinances.  Ned knows where they keys are and will give you a set.   Last one out locks up.  If you are all here tomorrow I’ll know just what a jerk the Sheriff is.” 
Millie went to the diner and on the way phoned the Mayor and gave her the good news.  Anna said she would let the Council know.  Millie got a burger to go at the diner.  She took it home thinking she’d eat while she read.  She fell asleep while studying, the burger half eaten.  She woke up at one in the morning, threw the half eaten burger in the trash and went to her bedroom, set the alarm and went back to sleep.
Millie woke up before the alarm and had finished her exercise routine and was at the diner ahead of schedule.  She wasn’t hungry so she just had oatmeal, whole wheat toast and coffee.   
She got a phone call from Bill Emmerson at Mountain View PD, “Hi Millie, just fair warning.  I hear it has hit the fan at the Sheriff’s office.  It is rumored you raided his Department for three deputies.  Any truth to that?”
Millie smiled a broad smile, “Imagine that.”
Bill chuckled, “Good for you.  I suppose you took the best to.”
Millie said, “If you’re going to spend the money you want the best, especially if you aren’t up to full speed yourself yet.”  She had answered the question while avoiding it.
“I heard the Sheriff released them when they gave notice and was surprised they weren’t upset.  I suppose they will be starting right away?
Millie answered with a question, “If you had a short-handed Department wouldn’t you want to fill vacancies as quickly as possible?”
Bill said, “Touché.”  
Millie hadn’t heard that before and asked, “What does that mean?”
Bill replied, “It means in fencing that you scored a point.  You stuck the other guy with your blade.” 
Millie laughed, “I guess you eventually get stuck when you go about offending everybody.”
Bill said, “Yup.” 
Millie told Bill they would have to have lunch sometime when she was in Mountain View.  They ended the conversation and Millie finished her coffee and went to the office.
During the morning Millie phoned the electronics store to find out why she didn’t get a call about the installation.  It turned out the work order had gotten lost.  Millie cancelled it.  The manager seemed quite disappointed.  Millie asked that he return the deposit.  He refused so she called Chris and asked him to call the store manager.  The manager agreed to refund the money after a two minute conversation with Chris.
Millie still had time so she called the gun shop to inquire about her pistols and shotguns.  Seth told her they were ready.  Millie didn’t ask about the rifle because she knew that wouldn’t be ready for at least two more weeks.
The rest of the morning was police routine that Millie enjoyed.  At lunch Millie called her alarm company.  She inquired of Paul about the possibility of them handling the City of Safe Haven dispatch.  He said he would love to talk to her about it.  It would be a natural extension of their current business as they had a twenty four seven monitoring and dispatch system now.  He said he’d think about how to set it up and get back to her with a proposal.
The afternoon Millie went to the gun shop and picked up her new weapons.  She was happy to finally have some spare clips.  When Millie got back to the office Ned was waiting.  Millie came in, “Hi Ned how are you.”
Ned said, “I’m Ok.  Marshal, here’s my resignation.”  Ned handed her a letter. She read it.
Millie asked, “What brought this on Ned?”
Ned smiled and puffed out his chest, “I was offered a job in Mountain View.  They offered me more money and a relocation allowance.  I had to go.”
“Who are you going to work for?”  Millie figured she knew.
“Sheriff Wright.  I’m going to be a corporal.”
Millie offered her hand and Ned shook it.  Millie tried to keep a straight face, “I wouldn’t stand in the way of your advancement Ned.  Congratulations and good luck.  I’ll need your badge, gun, keys and radio Ned”
Ned had them all ready in a bag and spread them out on her desk.  “I’ll see you around Millie.”
Millie said, “You better go see Wilma to arrange your benefits transfer and final pay etc.”   Ned left.
Rob came into her office. “Not too smart is he?”
“No but this will make my job much easier.  I hear I now have three full time Deputies.”
Rob smiled, “Yes.  I guess you now know what kind of jerk the Sheriff is.”
Millie shook her head, “And not too bright.  Hiring Ned was not a swift move on his part.  Where are Josh and Terry?”
 “They are putting the new decals on the SUV.  We’ve got things moving.  We’ve got a three person schedule with a hundred and twenty six hours of coverage for the time frames we think will be most important.”
Millie looked it over, “This looks good.  Why don’t you save me some time and tell me who is next on the list to call?’
Rob laughed, “Since word got out you were hiring we’ve had eleven calls between us.  That’s most of the department.  We talked it over and even called Ben for input and he agrees.  Our recommendation is Jason Evers.  I’ll have him call you if you like. He’s off duty now.”
Millie smiled, “Ok, who am I to argue.”
Rob couldn’t help quipping, “It’s a smart boss lady who knows when to let the dogs loose.”
Millie laughed.  She went to her desk and reviewed the list for weapons and equipment.  Everything on the list was of the best quality and the prices were very good.  The uniform selections were also very good.  She especially liked the badges and the way the shirts were embroidered with the badge.  The patrol hats and baseball caps looked good.  The vests had the badge on the front and Police in big letters on the back.  The business card proofs looked very professional.  The computer list was comprehensive and the prices were very good.  Everything was under budget except the radios which were slightly over.  There was a note from Rob explaining why these radios were better and why the extra cost was warranted.  Millie scrawled Approved and initialed it on the recommendations.
The SUV bids were very comprehensive and the delivery date requirements might be difficult for some dealers to meet.  There was a note that Wilma said these would pass muster.  Millie initialed the bid documents as well as the decal orders.  She walked over the Wilma’s offices.
She called out, “Hi Wilma.”
Wilma looked up, “Hi, Marshal.  What can I do for you?”
Millie said, “Well first you can accept my appreciation for helping the Deputies out.  I see your fine work all over these bid documents.”
Wilma smiled, “Well thank you Millie.  I have not always been appreciated.”
Millie smiled, “Well I for one am glad we were able to get you.”
Wilma added, “And I see you have been raiding Sheriff Wright’s shop for good help.  I know those people from my time at the County.  They are very good.”
Millie handed Wilma Ned’s letter, “Ned just resigned, and here is his letter.  I guess he didn’t take my suggestion to come see you?” 
Wilma shook her head indicating no.
“Would you prepare his severance and Cobra etc?  First though, I’d like to get purchase orders faxed for these.  Apparently the suppliers are prepared to send it all to us expedited.  Millie handed the lists to Wilma.”
Wilma reviewed them, “These lists are good enough that I can just attach them to a P.O. with “per attached” on them and fax them.  I’ll have them to you in about ten minutes for signature.”
Millie sighed, “Thanks Wilma.  We’ll get this place running like a time piece yet.”
Wilma smiled, “Yes we will.  You want to know something else.”
Millie asked, “What?”
Wilma looked around, “I really like working here.”
Millie said it firmly, “Good.  Me too.”  
Millie went back to her office and phoned George.  She arranged for him to put new locks on the Police Office doors.  She went to the white board and marked on it that George Ramirez would be installing new locks on Tuesday.   Millie had hardly gotten it written when Jason showed up at the office.  Rob got up and greeted him.
“Hi Jason.  Come on in.  It’s old home coming week here.”  Rob brought Jason to Millie, “Marshal this is Jason, Jason this is Marshal Boyd, fondly known behind her back as the boss lady.”
Jason smiled, “I’m pleased to meet you.”
Millie motioned toward her office, “Come on in Jason and have a seat.”  Millie noted things about him.  He was a man of medium build and height, who looked wiry.
“I suppose Rob told you about what’s going on and the important high points?”
“Yes he did.  He told me about pay and what the team is doing.  That’s his description not mine.” 
“It’s a good description too.  I want people whose shoulders I don’t have to look over but which I can lean on.”
Jason smiled, “Rob said pretty much the same thing.  Terry and Josh recommended this to me.”
A question for Jason came to Millie, “How did you get into law enforcement?’
“I sort of tripped into it rather than a conscious choice initially. I came from a working class family and joined the army after high school.   I did four years as an MP.  I took all the training they offered or I could wrangle.  I didn’t re-up because I liked the idea of having roots but I love being a police officer so I took the certification test.   I studied part time and got my Associates.   I’ve been a Deputy Sheriff for six years and I thought I would be there my entire career.  I was told I was doing a good job, then Sheriff Wright gets elected and up and tells me I might want to look for another job.  Go figure.” 
Millie asked, “You have any questions?” 
Jason said, “I did but Rob, Terry and Josh answered them for me by the fact all of them came to work for you.  Rob answered my major questions. These are people I trust with my life with so certainly my career.  It is easier seeing as the place I now work is in crisis.”
Millie asked directly, “You want to come to work for me?”
Jason said firmly, “Yes.”
Millie said firmly, “Ok, you’re hired.”
Jason looked at her, ‘You’re serious?”
Millie nodded, “Similar to what you said, these are people I am trusting with my life so certainly I trust their recommendation.”
“Where do I sign?”
Millie called out, “Hey Rob.”
Rob called out, “Yes Marshal.”
Millie said as Rob approached, “Introduce Jason to Wilma will you and get him signed up.”
Rob came in, “Sure thing.”  Rob slapped Jason on the back, “Way to go buddy.  Congratulations.”  They went to toward the City Office.
They had hardly left when Wilma came in, “Here’s the Purchase Orders for your signature.”  
Millie was signing them when Wilma added, “I’ll be glad when the phones are working again including the intercom.  Ned’s wife is here and wants to talk to you.  You want to see her?”
Millie said, “Sure, send her back.”
Ned’s wife Betty came into the office.  Millie could tell she was worried.  “Ned phoned to tell me he resigned to take a position at the Sheriff’s office.  Is that true?”
Millie said, “Yes that’s correct.”
Betty was pleading, “Can you hold off his resignation until I talk to him?  Sometimes Ned doesn’t think things through.  That Sheriff’s Office is a snake pit right now and Ned won’t last a week.”
Millie sighed, “I can’t Betty.  I just hired someone to fill his position.”
The tears started running down Betty’s face. “He tries to do the right thing but when he gets it wrong he really gets it wrong.  I bet he’s being replaced by a Sheriff’s Deputy.”
“Yes Betty.  I’m sorry.  Ned’s a grown man and I am desperate to get this Department up and running.”
Betty said through tears, “It’s not your fault Marshal.  Everyone knew you were kind and generous when you took Ned back and this is how he repays you.  He’ll get no sympathy even from his own family.”
Betty got up to go and Millie got up and hugged her.  Betty left.
Jason was coming back in and announced, “That was easy I just signed the forms and gave Wilma the copies of my current coverage and she said she’d take care of it.”
Terry threw her hands up, “I wish I’d thought of that.”
Everyone was now in the outer office.  Millie stuck her head out of her office and called, “Let’s huddle up.”  They all came in and two carried chairs. “Let’s take stock.  We have one vehicle with lights.  We have no vests and no uniforms. We have enough of the old badges, radios, batons, spray, and cuffs to go around.  I only have one service weapon; the one issued to Ned.  Anybody got their own side arm they are willing to use until I can issue Departmental ones?”
 Terry, Josh and Rob raised their hands. Millie handed the weapon Ned had turned in to Jason. 
Jason was apologetic, “Sorry, I don’t have my own sidearm.”
Millie asked, “Would you all agree we could patrol if we had vests?”
Rob spoke first, “Yes, if it had Police on it.  We could wear plain clothes and our badges on our belts like detectives, you know the real police.”
Everyone chuckled or snickered.
Millie picked up the phone, “Captain Abernathy please, Marshal Boyd calling.”  The group listened to one side of the conversation.  “Hi Cal, it’s Millie.  Yes.  No, he had to fly to New York on business.  I need a small favor because I have four newly hired Deputies and need five vests.  Yes.  Thanks Cal I owe you one.”  Millie looked at the group, “Our vest problem is solved.  So who wants to work tonight?”
Terry volunteered by raising her hand. 
“Thanks Terry.  Take the unit and go to the State Troop B Barracks in Mountain View.  Tell them you are picking up the package for Marshal Boyd from Captain Abernathy.   It will contain five loaner vests.  That will serve ‘till we get ours.”
“What do you want me to do then?”
“Call me when you get back and we’ll do some patrolling and I will introduce you around.  Jason based upon past experience I expect you will be available starting tomorrow.  Work out a revised shift schedule among yourselves for the rest of the week.  You will have to hand off the vehicle at shift changes.”
Josh added, “If Jason is not released right away can we work overtime and have him work what part time hours he can?”
Millie thought about it for a moment, “Yes.  Here is the plan, door checks of business at night, patrols, and half hour staggered radar at the highway with selective enforcement.  Give the locals a warning the first time unless it’s excessive.  Stop by and introduce yourselves to the businesses.  Drive and walk the neighborhoods and meet the people.  Make friends.  I want the people to know and trust us.”
Rob smiled, “Ned told me about your introductions.  I’ll tell the team about it if you want.”
“Ok that will help.  How did you know he told you correctly?”
Rob replied, “Because it was good and beyond him.”  
Millie got up, “I’m going to knock off and get something to eat at the diner.  One time offer, I’ll buy dinner.”
All four got up, and Rob said, “We’ll meet you there.”
Millie drove to the diner and went to her booth.  As usual the place was busy but it was Monday so it wasn’t packed.  Millie grabbed a chair and put it at the end of the table and then sat at her regular place.  The four came in one at a time with Josh trailing.  Millie got up and motioned him in.
Josh looked around, “So this is the famous OK Corral Diner?  Nice.”
Doris came to the table and Millie smiled, “Hi Doris.  This motley crew is my new Deputies.”   Millie pointed to each as she said their names, “Rob, Josh, Jason and Terry.  This is the owner and my good friend Doris.”
Doris grabbed another chair and pulled it up.  “I’ve met Terry and Josh before.  You used to work for the Sheriff didn’t you?”
Rob said, “We all did but we’ve come over from the dark side.”
Doris chuckled, “I like him.”
Josephine one of the waitresses came over, “Hi Marshal, are these the new Deputies?”
Millie sat back, “Yup.”
Josephine put her hand on her hip, “Couldn’t you have at least hired one cute fellow?”
They all broke into laughter.  Josephine took out a pad and took orders.  Millie told Josephine to put it on one bill; she was buying.  They had a good time trading funny stories. After a half hour Terry said she’d better get to Mountain View.  Millie insisted they make sure they all had each other’s cell numbers saved and then Terry left and the gathering broke up.  Millie left a good tip and went to the cash register and paid the bill.
She drove home and sat on the patio with an ice tea.  She drifted off and woke when her cell phone rang. 
“It’s Terry. I’m back.”
“Come by and pick me up Terry.  I live at 1120 Lakeview.”
Millie went inside and rinsed her glass and put it in the dishwasher then went to the bathroom and splashed water on her face.  The door bell rang and Millie went and opened it.  Terry was there.
“Well come on in.”
Terry looked stunned, “This is your place?”
“Yes it is.”
Terry asked, “What bank did you rob?”
Millie did something she’d been doing a lot of, she smiled.  “Real estate investment pays better and it’s legal.”
“Show me around? Please!”
Millie took her on the tour and then she set the alarm, locked up, and got in the Department SUV on the passenger side.  Terry started to drive away.  
“Where to?”
Millie said, “First to Duffy’s Bar.”
“Is it bad there?”
Millie shook her head, “Nah the good old boys just go there for a couple after work.  Joe Miller owns the place and he keeps a lid on.  He’s rough around the edges but he’s alright if you use common sense.”
Millie gave Terry Directions.  When they stopped Millie asked where the vests were.  Terry pointed to the back and they went and put one on.  Millie walked in and most of the customer’s didn’t even look as she walked to the bar with Terry.  Joe was at the bar as usual. 
Millie tipped her hat, “Hi Joe. How’s business?”
“Been better, been worse.”
Millie said, “This is one of my new Deputies Terry.  Terry this is Joe.  I’ve known him since we were kids.”
Terry offered her hand and Joe shook it saying, “I’m glad you’re hiring some good lookin’ Deputies.”
Terry flashed a big smile, “Well that’s real nice of you to say.”
Joe laughed, “She’s as full of it as you Millie.  She’ll do fine.  Is she as bad as you when she gets riled?”
Millie laughed, “Worse, she’s bigger than me.  See you later Joe.”
Joe said good naturedly, “Have a good night Marshal.  Be careful out there.”
Millie replied over her shoulder, “Always Joe, always.”
As they walked back to the vehicle Terry asked, “They all like that?”
“More or less.  They are just trying to make a living.  Most people here don’t want trouble.  They just want to go about their lives and that includes drinking for some of them.  We have more trouble with the tourists.  That’s my worry with the new development.”
The next stop was the Hi-Way Bi-Way Tavern.  Millie walked in and only a few watched them for a moment. Millie went to the bar, “Hi Mary Margaret.”
Mary Margaret replied, “Hey Marshal.  Quiet night?”
Millie said, “Yeah.  This is one of my new deputies, Mary Margaret this is Terry.”
Terry shook hand with Mary Margaret.  
Mary Margaret said, “I hear Ned resigned.”
Millie responded, “New travels fast.”
“Too bad.  He would have learned good under you Marshal.  Might have turned into a good lawman.”
Millie said, “Thanks Mary Margaret.  You know how to get us if you need us.
They drove to Joe’s pool hall.  Millie walked to the bar, “Hi Monty, how’s things?”
Monty replied, “Not so good.  I might like you stay for a bit.  A couple of fellows came in and I think they are riding pretty high, know what I mean?  The two big ugly guys playing pool and talking mean.”
Millie glanced at them.  “Ok.  This is one of my new Deputies Terry.  Terry this is Monty the owner.”
Terry held out her hand and Monty shook it and said, “Pleased to meet you.”
Millie saw it out of the corner of her eye, one of the men was approaching.  The other started to follow. Millie said quietly to Monty, “You should go to the other end of the bar.”  Monty moved away.  
The man was about six foot, bearded, and nasty high.  He said, “Lookie here, lady cops.  I ain’t never had a lady cop before.”
 He put his hand on Millie’s shoulder.  Millie looked up, “Take your hand off me sir.”
The man laughed, “Or what?  I’m going to have fun with you little lady.” 
Millie moved like lightening and the man screamed as his wrist broke and then he was falling unconscious from the blow that had followed.  The other man charged and Terry’s baton met him squarely across the bridge of the nose and he stumbled but didn’t go down so she hit him again and he went down.  
Millie looked at Monty who was standing watching them with a gaping mouth.  Then she turned to Terry and said, “We’d better cuff them and take them to the clinic.”  
They cuffed the men and Millie said to Monty, “Please pull the surveillance tape and give it to me and that way I won’t have to disrupt your night’s business.”
Monty went to the back and brought the tape.  “Thanks Marshal.”
Millie said, “No sweat Monty.  We’re here to protect and serve.”  Millie turned to the customers.  “Would a couple of you stout fellows help us load these men into our ride?”   Several men came forward and brought the men to the SUV and loaded the unconscious men into the car.
Mille turned to the men who had helped, “Thanks guys.”  She shook hands with each of them.  They were all grinning.
As they drove off Terry said, “You don’t act like any newbie I ever met.  You sure you haven’t done this before?”
Millie said, “Nah, I guess I’m just a natural.”
Terry commented, “That was smooth how you got the tape.  No question about excessive force with that.”
They took the men to the clinic where they were treated.  Both men had to be tied down because Doc was concerned about the effect of the drugs they had taken.  He took blood samples and ordered some tests and x-rays.  
Doc came into the room, “These guys are really juiced”.  He looked at Terry, “That’s a technical medical term meaning they have so many drugs in their system I can’t sort them all out.”
Millie motioned to Terry, “Doc this is Terry one of my new deputies.  Terry this is Doc.”
Terry put out her hand and Doc shook it.
 Doc couldn’t resist, “Did Millie tell you I was a mentalist.”
Terry said, “No way.”
Doc smiled, “Millie took the big bearded guy and you took the taller one.  Way.”
Terry looked at Millie, “How’d he do that?”
Millie shrugged.
Terry wasn’t convinced.  “You two snookered me somehow.  I’ll figure it out.”
Millie and Doc burst into laughter.  One of the men woke up and started screaming.  Doc said, “I have to get back to work.”  Doc administered a sedative and ordered the nurse to call a County secured ambulance.  Doc came back, “We are not set up to handle these guys.  I’m transferring them to a secure facility.”
Millie and Terry waited until the men were transferred.  When they were back in the vehicle Terry asked, “What now.”
Millie looked at Terry, “Aren’t you curious to know what is in the vehicle those two abandoned?  Let’s go back to the pool hall.”
When they arrived at their destination Millie and Terry had to wait for a pickup ahead of them to turn into the pool hall parking lot before they could go in.   The lot was empty which Millie thought was unusual.  The man in the pickup parked near the door and went inside.  Millie and Terry parked next to his truck and followed him in.  Millie took one look and she and Terry exchanged glances.  She pointed and Terry went to the far wall and they both drew their pistols. It did not take a rocket scientist to see something was wrong.  There were chairs turned over and half drunk bottles and glasses of beer all over.
The man they had followed in was standing at the bar yelling, “What does a guy have to do to get served in here?”  
A man wielding a shotgun came from the office door at the far end of the bar.  He screamed at the man “Get Out!”   The customer ran past Millie heading for the door.  
The man with the shotgun had not noticed Millie who waited for the fleeing customer to get outside before yelling, “POLICE Freeze!”   She had her pistol aimed at the man.  She was glad it was such a high bar because it afforded considerable protection.  The man swung the barrel of the shotgun and Millie ducked as he fired.  The glasses on the bar above her head exploded.  Millie popped up and shot the man and the shotgun discharged into the ceiling as the man went backward.  
Another man came from the men’s room with a pistol and started shooting randomly.  Millie peeked out from behind the bar and saw he was looking for something to shoot at so she ducked back in and yelled, “POLICE!” at the top of her lungs.  The man started firing in Millie’s direction and Terry came out from behind the steel pillar and shot him.  
Terry called, “I got him.  You get yours?”
“I think so.  Cover me.”   Millie got up and with both hands on her pistol moved toward the man who had fired at her with the shotgun.  Millie saw he had a neat hole in his forehead. “He’s dead.” 
Millie now had her pistol trained on the door from which the man had come.
Terry handcuffed the wounded man and kicked his weapon across the floor and called out, “Clear here.”
“Terry call for back-up.”
Millie waited until Terry came to her and they approached the office.  Millie went into the office and Terry was guarding her back. Joe was tied to a chair and badly beaten but he was still breathing.  Millie called for an ambulance and untied Joe.  He sat there breathing easier.  
Millie said, “We’ll be back in a minute.”
Millie and Terry made sure the entire building was cleared.   The man Terry shot was still alive.  Millie’s shot had killed.  There were sirens coming.  Several State Troopers came in.  Millie went to the Sergeant and handed over her weapon.
Millie turned to her Deputy, “Terry give the sergeant your weapon.” Terry did.
The ambulance came and took the wounded man away. The coroner took the other. Millie and Terry gave their statements.  The State Troopers took the new security tape and later a statement from Joe at the hospital.  It was four in the morning before it was finished.  Millie’s hunch had been right.  They found the cargo van the two men arrested by Millie and Terry had been driving.  It was full of cash and drugs that the two gunmen had been after.
As they were leaving a sergeant came to Millie and Terry, “You ladies did a good job.  It’s all on tape.”
Millie and Terry went to their vehicle.  Terry got in and laid her head on the wheel.  “I’m exhausted.”
Millie offered, “Why don’t you sleep at my place, I’ve got one unoccupied guest bedroom.”
Terry lifted her head, “Thanks boss, I’ll take you up on that.  I’ve got to make a phone call first.”
Millie called Anna on the drive and told her briefly what had happened.  Terry called home.   When they got to Millie’s place, Millie directed Terry to the first bedroom down the hall.  Millie went to bed after setting her alarm for ten thirty.  
Millie took off her ankle holster and loaded her newest sidearm and put in on her nightstand and went to sleep.
Chapter 10 - In the Spotlight
The noise was irritating her.  She opened an eye and the light was bright.  She strained to open the other one.  The noise was still there.  She sat up on the side of the bed.  It was only eight in the morning.  She picked up her pistol because that was the doorbell.  She went to the peephole, it was Rob.  She opened the door.
“What do you want?” she said a little harshly.
Rob was obviously panicked.  “We can’t find Terry.”
Millie pointed down the hall, “She’s sleeping like I should be.”
Rob sighed, “Sorry boss.  I heard about last night.  I didn’t stop at the station because the media is all over the place.  You’d better get dressed and come along.”
Millie waved toward the kitchen. “How about making some coffee while I shower?”  Millie realized she had slept in her clothes which were all wrinkled.   She went and took a shower and started to feel human.  She tied her hair in a pony tail and put on her fancy Marshal duds.  She looked in the mirror and approved in spite of the light circles under her eyes.
She walked to the kitchen and Rob poured her a coffee. “Man these are sure some digs you have Marshal.”
Millie didn’t say anything, she was thinking.
Terry came to the kitchen asking, “Who was at the door?  Oh, Hi Rob.”
Rob poured a coffee for Terry and Millie asked Terry, “You up to accompanying me to a press scrum?”
Terry smiled that somehow was sarcastic in itself, “It’s not my favorite thing but I can be stage prop.”
Millie chuckled, “Don’t worry I will do the talking.  You can just stand there and be the pretty one.”
Terry had coffee coming out her nose again and Millie jumped up and grabbed some paper towel.
Terry cleaned her face, “You’ve got to stop doing that to me.”
Millie responded, “I guess it just an occupational hazard.”
Terry got up while taking another sip.  “I’d better get ready.”  
Millie got up and brought back a pad and pen.  She made a call on her cell, “Captain Abernathy please, Marshal Boyd calling.  Hi Cal.  What have you got on our bad guys because I have a horde of press waiting at my office? “   Millie started making notes and went on for several minutes.  “Thanks Cal.   Compliments on the way your Troopers responded.  Yeah, they are good bunch.  A split sounds good to me.”  Millie hung up and turned to Rob, “Where is everyone? “
Rob said, “They are hold up at the office waiting for you.  Josh was scheduled to work last night and when he gave his resignation he was released so he’s there to.”
Millie looked in her coffee cup, “Good.  Please call Josh and Jason and tell them when we arrive to come out and stand behind me with you and Terry.”
Terry came out, “With the vest on you can hardly tell I’ve been wearing the same clothes for twenty four hours.”
Millie got up, ‘Let’s mount up and go face the Indians.”  Millie grabbed her vest but didn’t put it on.  She turned to Rob, “Wear your vest so all four of you have them on.”  When they got in the car Rob called Jason and told the two Deputies to make sure they came out in their vests.  Millie smiled.
When they pulled up there were several TV trucks parked along the street and a number of reporters with cameras.  The three of them walked through the crowd as the reporters yelled questions at the Marshal.  When Millie got to the front step she turned and motioned for quiet.  Jason and Josh came out and the Deputies stood behind Millie.
Millie held up her hand and everyone went quiet.  “I have a quick statement and then I will answer questions.  Last night, alerted by a local businessman, Deputy Tillison and I had an encounter with two men who are alleged drug dealers.  As a result of that encounter drugs with an estimated street value of two point five million dollars and approximately one hundred and forty two thousand dollars in cash has been seized.  In the initial encounter an alleged drug dealer Marvin Galavin AKA Bone Crusher and an alleged accomplice Joseph Basel AKA Shiney were apprehended.  They are being charged with Possession with Intent to Distribute, assault, and other possible charges are being considered.  Both of the men have extensive criminal histories.  During the follow up in the investigation two men attempted to shoot Deputy Tillison and me.  Gunfire was exchanged with the result that one man was shot dead at the scene and the other is in serious condition at a nearby hospital.   The dead man is Waldo Witmeyer AKA Mean Butch who has a long criminal record.  The wounded man is George Maitland AKA Weasel.  Mr. Maitland also has a criminal record.  A local businessman is in the hospital.  The charges against Mr. Maitland and Mr. Witmeyer include attempted murder of a police officer, aggravated assault, and a weapons charge.  Other charges are being considered.  I’ll take questions now.”
Millie pointed to a TV reporter who asked, “Who fired the fatal head shot?”
Millie simply said, “I did.”
Millie pointed to another reporter who asked, “Why did you shoot him in the head?”
Millie looked directly into the camera, “Look I’m only five two and there was a bar almost four feet high between us.  The man was tall and had a twelve gauge shotgun and a clear shot to me.  I didn’t have as much to shoot at as he did.”
Millie pointed at another reporter who posed the question, “How do you respond to the allegations of excessive force by Mr. Galavan’s attorney and his statement he intends to sue the Department?”
Millie smiled, “I respond by saying we live in a free country and anybody can sue or threaten to sue anybody.  We have the surveillance tape which is all we need to show I did not use excessive force on Bone Crusher, who by the way is six foot and probably three hundred pounds.  I doubt he approved of his lawyer’s comments because it won’t do much for his reputation.”
There was general laughter.
Millie pointed at another reporter who asked, “What do you say about criticism that you are not qualified to be City Marshal?”
Millie shrugged, “I don’t say anything about such nonsense.”
Millie pointed to another reporter and he asked, “What do you have to say about Deputy Tillison being involved in a shooting her first day on the job?”
Millie responded with enthusiasm, “I say I am very fortunate to have been able to hire such a well trained, extraordinarily gifted and experienced Deputy.  Her many years in law enforcement meant I had a capable Deputy watching my back when our lives were in danger and shots were being fired.  She performed to the highest standards and I am very proud she is a part of this Department.  One more question then I have to get back to my duties.”
Millie pointed again, “What do you say to criticisms from the County Sheriff that you are incompetent and your Deputies are of the same ilk.”
Millie asked, “Did he tell you this himself or is this some gossip?”
The reporter said it without hesitation, “He said it himself.”
Millie said, “Then my response is he will hear from my attorney and you will be my prime witness in any litigation that follows on behalf of my Deputies.  I’m an elected official and fair game for political opportunists.  My deputies are not.  They are highly regarded, trained and experienced professionals and these men and women do not deserve to be maligned in such a manner for political purposes.”
Millie turned and went inside.  The conference was over.  Most of the questions and answers would be picked up by the nationals and broadcast at the noon hour and again in the evening news.
Millie went into her office and phoned the Mayor to tell her about the press conference and then she phoned the council members.  When Millie got off the phone her Deputies were in the outer office around the coffee pot.  They came to her office and knocked on the wall beside the open door and she motioned them in.  
Jason was the one who spoke, “We want you to know we really appreciate the way you stuck up for us.  We are not used to that.”
Millie smiled, “Thank you.  I meant it all.”
Terry interjected, “We know and that’s why it is so meaningful.”
Millie got up, “You figured out the schedule yet?”
Terry responded, “We are going to do it now.”
Millie’s phone rang.  It was Don, “Hi Millie, it’s Don.  You know you are presently a shoe-in for the next County Sheriff election.”
“Hi Don.  You might want to rethink that.  If the development in Safe Haven takes off the way I think it will, then Safe Haven will have a lot of rich and influential folks and you might just want to leave me here.”
There was a pause. “We’ll see.  Good thinking but I’m not so sure.  I knew I liked you for a reason.  I got the bid specs by the way.  You know I’m probably the only one on the list that has enough juice to get you those vehicles in the time frame you need them.”
Millie answered, “No kidding.  I just hope the bids are within my budget.”
Don laughed, “See you around Marshal.”  He hung up.
The phone rang again and it was Cal.  “Hi Millie, Cal.  This bust you made is leading us on paths we never imagined.  My superiors have agreed to split the seizure and now the DEA is taking over the case.  They have agreed to give us joint credit when this goes up the ladder.  That OK with you?”
Millie said, “Absolutely.”
Cal replied, “That’s good, because I don’t know what we could do about it if we objected.  It may be the feds are just a little nervous about your media popularity so they have decided not to run roughshod over us.  The shooting investigation has ruled it was justified.  There is a DEA press conference at four on the federal court house steps.  We are invited.”
Millie said, “Thanks Cal.”
Millie sent Terry home to get some sleep.  Millie gave Jason her keys and had him bring her SUV around back.  She went out the back door got in and went home.  She went back to bed for several hours.  
Millie got to the courthouse ten minutes before the press conference started.  She stood beside Captain Abernathy behind the DEA official at the podium.  She knew the two of them were just window dressing today but this was part of the job.   The DEA announced that because of the work of the City Marshal’s Department of the City of Safe Haven Bay, and with the co-operation the State Police, the co-operative efforts of the three agencies had resulted in fourteen search warrants being executed in the mid morning hours.  Twenty one people had been arrested, and seven others were being sought.  Several million dollars in drugs and over one million dollars in cash had been seized as well as other property.  He praised the work of Marshal Boyd and Captain Abernathy and their part in the investigation.
The official took questions. One of the questions came from a national TV reporter was how the seized money and other assets would be split.  He replied it would be split equally between the three Department’s involved in the investigation.  Millie’s mind started to calculate and she figured seventy grand from the initial seizure and three hundred and thirty plus from the others; that was over four hundred thousand dollars for her Department.
The conference came to an end and Millie and Cal were motioned forward and she was placed between the DEA official and the Captain because of her size.  Even standing one level higher on the courthouse steps she was shorter than the two men.  That’s how her picture would come to be front and center on the front page of newspapers all over the region.
Millie and Cal slipped away after the photo op.
Cal spoke first, “My bosses are sure pleased with what’s been happening.  They told me they appreciated the way our offices were co-operating.  I guess we have both lucked out.”
Millie nodded her head, “Yes, and we had better bank some of that goodwill while we can.”
Cal laughed, “Well said.”  
Millie stopped and looked Cal in the eye, “I really appreciate your support Cal.”  She put her hand out and they shook.
On the drive back Millie phoned Doris.  “Doris I have a favor to ask.  I know Ben and Don have been invited to the wedding reception, but could you also invite Cal Abernathy and his wife Jill.  Yes he is the Troop Captain.  Thanks Doris.”
Millie called Anna and gave her an update on what had happened and the cash seizure split.  
Anna asked, “Does the money have to be spent on law enforcement.”
Millie said, “I’m afraid so.  They may even seize more.”
Anna was in a teasing mood and Millie could tell, “I don’t think you are sorry at all.  At this rate the Marshal’s Department will end up with more money than the City.  We are meeting at Doc’s at five to watch the Save Haven’s folk hero on TV.”
Millie chuckled, “Ok, but I may be late because I may need to stop by the office first.”  Millie called Rob who told her Jason was on duty.  Millie called Jason who told her everything was quiet and the schedule was posted at the office.  Millie went straight home and walked over to Doc’s and rang the bell.  Doc answered the door and led Millie in.  Anna was already there talking to Doris.  
Doris came and hugged Millie, “Hail the conquering hero.  Well done.”
Anna not to be outdone hugged Millie and gave her a big smile, “You done good girl.”
Doc added to the hug fest and they all sat down except Doc who said he would get the beers.   
The regional news coverage came on first with a reporter at the pool hall explaining first the take down then the shootout.  She showed an interview with Monty lying in his hospital bed obviously badly beaten.  He said he had reported the suspicious men to the Marshal.  Those same men had attempted to assault the Marshal and her Deputy and were taken down.  He described how five customers had to help carry the men to the police vehicle because they were so big.  Then he told of the other men who had come in wielding guns chased his customers off and before they could beat him to death the Marshal and her Deputy had come back to check on him. He told how he heard the Marshal yell police freeze and then heard gunfire.  Then the interview at the station was shown in its entirety.  
At that point Doc laughed, “I bet Buff will have a sleepless night tonight.”
Millie made a note to ask the City Attorney to send a cease and desist letter to the Sheriff on behalf of the Deputies and demanding a retraction.
The local conference was followed by a story about the DEA raids and the seizures.  The DEA conference was aired in its entirety as well.
The national news coverage was similar but there was more coverage of the DEA raids and more in depth reporting.   The local news conference on the City Hall steps had been edited to include the prepared statement Millie had made and the questions and answers about the shooting.  The Sheriff’s comment section had been edited out.
When it was all over Anna gave her opinion.  “It was good coverage and it helped that the DEA agent said this was not a local problem but that the shipment was just passing through.  The money will sure help our Department.”
Doc jumped up, “Let’s go to the diner and chow down.”
When Millie entered the diner the applause started.  She tipped her hat saying thank you as she followed Doris, Doc and Anna to a table at the back.  They ate a meal and talked about the coming wedding.  Doris told Millie she had invited the Abernathy’s not only to the reception but also to the wedding.  Millie said she appreciated that.
After the meal Millie excused herself and went to the clinic.  Julie was on duty and directed Millie to Monty’s room.  She knocked and he said to come in.
Millie entered and approached the bed, “Monty you look awful.  Those boys sure did a number on you.  How are you doing?”
Monty seemed genuinely surprised to see her, “I didn’t expect you to come visit.  Thanks Marshal.  Not just the visit, you probably saved my life.”
Millie smiled, “Hey, we townies have to look after each other.  How are you?”
Monty told her, “I was really hurting until they gave me something for the pain.  Doc said I have fifty seven stitches in various wounds.  The largest is six stitches.  Doc says I have three broken ribs and lots of bruises. I lost three teeth.   He says I don’t have no inside bleeding.  I’ll be here a while.” 
Two others came into the room with greetings and Millie started to leave, “You take care Monty.  I’ll drop by again.”
As she walked down the hall she heard Monty tell the two men who came to visit, “That broad’s A-Ok.”  That was high praise from Monty.
Millie went to the office and copied the schedule.  Her phone rang and her phone identified the call was from Bill Emmerson, “Hi Millie.  I see you are in the headlines again.”
Millie said, “Seems so Bill.”
Bill seemed a little hesitant, “Well Marshal I have another favor to ask.”
Millie said, “Shoot.”
Bill laughed, “Please no Marshal.”  Millie chuckled as Bill continued, “My girls have been bragging about their posters.  It seems some of the other officer’s kids now want one.  Would you?”
Millie asked, “How many Bill?”
He said, “Eleven.”
Millie laughed, “Oh the price of fame.  Sure Bill, I’ll drop them by the station when I get them.”
Bill added, “When you come the Chief would like to meet you.  One is for his kid.”
Millie said, “Ok Bill, see ya.”
Millie liked Bill and hoped she would hit it off with the Chief.  She examined the schedule and it looked good.  She went to the white board and saw that the telephone guy would be here tomorrow and the lock changes were scheduled for tomorrow.  She also saw a note with an expected arrival of expedited shipment.  Millie looked at the clipboards of the officers who were off duty.  They were keeping the reports filled out.  She locked up and went home.
Millie got an hour of studying the state code in before she had to go to bed.  She awoke before the alarm went off.  She did her exercises.  The treadmill seemed easier on the ankles and knees than the rough ground she had run on.  She had inclined it and found that she got more of a workout than when she had run on the cottage property.
The rest of her Wednesday was quiet and routine.   Doris called reminding her the wedding was Saturday and that she needed to have a dress.  She also got a call from Paul Weer saying he had the dispatch proposal ready. She arranged to meet him that afternoon at four.  She used her phone to order more posters online.  She called Jason and asked him if he could come in early and relieve Rob at three.  She then radioed Rob who was scheduled to be on duty until six and asked him to meet her at three to go to Paul’s office for a four o’clock meeting.  He volunteered to drive his own car and claim mileage one way so Jason wouldn’t have to drive him and he could go straight home from the meeting.  Millie gave the go ahead.  She loved the way her team was so cooperative.
Rob was waiting for her when she arrived at the alarm company offices.  They went in together and Millie went to the reception desk.
Millie told the receptionist, “Hi, I’m Marshal Boyd and I have an appointment to see Paul.”
The receptionist smiled, “Hi, I’m Jennifer and I’ll let him know you are here if you will please take a seat.”  They’d hardly got in their chairs when Paul came out.
He greeted her, “Good to see you Marshal.  Right this way.”
As they walked Millie did the introductions, “Paul this is Rob, one of my Deputies and my communications specialist.  He will be the one doing the assessment.  I trust his judgment completely and he will make the decision for me.”
Paul asked, “Military background?”
Rob said, “Yes.”
Paul nodded, “Me too.”
They were at Paul’s office and he sat in one of the plush chairs around a small circular work table and motioned for them to sit as well.  He handed the proposal to Millie who looked at the executive summary.  It was within her budget.
She looked Paul in the eye, “Paul, Rob will review your proposal and arrange to meet with you to go over any concerns or changes he might want.  He has my full authority in this matter.  If he recommends I sign on the dotted line, I will.  Could you give us a tour?”
It took a half hour for the tour and Millie listened carefully trying to retain as much as she could absorb.  Millie didn’t understand all the questions Rob asked but she could get that later.  When the tour was done they went back to Paul’s office.”
He asked, “Is there anything else?”
Millie looked at Rob who shook his head no so she said, “We have nothing more right now.   Rob will be in touch very soon.”
Paul said, “OK, and by the way Marshal, the parts we ordered to complete your internal security system are in and ready to install.  We’ve had no problems with the video transmissions or intrusion alarms already in place.  Would you like to schedule the inside work now?”
Millie shook her head, “Sorry Paul, not now.  I’ll have my man George Ramirez call you about the day and time.”
 “That will work,” Paul said as he got up and shook their hands.  He escorted Millie and Rob out.  
Outside Millie took out her phone, “Just a minute Rob I need to do this while it’s on my mind.”
Rob listened to her side of the conversation, “Hello George, Millie.  You have those doors lined up?  Good.  I would like you to arrange to let the alarm techs in my place while you are there.  If they take longer I’ll pay your regular rate to stay and lock up and I’ll pay you something extra anyway.  Ok, good.  I’ll tweet his number to you.”  When she finished she looked at Rob.
Millie asked, “Ok what is your impression?”
Rob asked, “Can we walk around back first?”
They did and Rob looked at the two generators sitting on cement foundations.  He walked up and down and stopped to examine the generators.  He didn’t say anything at first.  When he finished, he said, “So far I like his operation.  I want to review the proposal first and examine his back-up plan.  His diesel generators are big enough but he should have them fenced in and monitored and alarmed.  They also need bigger auxiliary fuel tanks.  His radio and monitoring equipment is first class but I will have some questions about his phone system.”
Millie nodded, “Figure out what you think should be changed, meet with him and get any questions or concerns you have ironed out if possible and give me your recommendation.”
Rob looked at her, “Why are you considering doing dispatch by private contract?”
“When Ben was Sheriff we had a monthly contract for them to handle our dispatch.  I don’t trust Wright.  I don’t need to be told getting on the state system is a non starter.  We are just not big enough to have our own dispatch system.  The volunteer fire department’s are sacred and I don’t think even Wright is stupid enough to mess with them.”
Rob said, “So it’s Wright or Paul?”
Millie nodded and smiled at Rob, “The difference is Paul wants us bad.  With the proposed development in Safe Haven big money will be on the table for alarm systems and Paul is smart enough to know I am connected.”
Rob looked at Millie with a surprised look, “Oh.”
Millie looked at Rob, “Play nice but know you have a strong hand.  See you later.”
Millie got in her SUV and went shopping for a dress for the wedding.  She purchased a nice outfit at the western store.  She grabbed a sandwich and ice tea at the truck stop where she gassed up, and drove back to Safe Haven.  On the way she made a call.
 When the phone was answered she said, “Hi, Shamus.”
“Hi sis, I see you made the news again.”
Millie said, “Yeah, doesn’t your little sister’s success make you feel warm and fuzzy?”
Shamus sighed, “What you want?”
She asked, “You heard from Mitch.”
Shamus paused then said, “Oh, I was supposed to tell you.  He isn’t back from New York and won’t be back until late Thursday.”  Shamus added by way of excuse for forgetting to call her, “I’ve been busy.  I’ve had a group to guide every day for the last nine days straight.  The fishing’s been good too.”
Millie asked, “You still going Saturday?”
Shamus made a funny noise, “I wouldn’t miss it.  It will be the party of the decade.  Better than the fourth.  Georgia is itchin’ to go.  See you then, sis.”  He hung up.
Millie thought that was Shamus.  No see you later or good bye; just clunk and he was gone.  He was loveable though and the best fishing guide around.  He was also her older brother and she loved him dearly.  Then she wondered who is Georgia?
She dropped by the office and found her key did not work.  She grabbed her schedule and made a call.  “Hi, you close to the office.  Good.  Come open up for me as I don’t have a new key yet.”
Once the door was unlocked, she went into the office and reviewed the white board.  The equipment was to be delivered tomorrow and so were the uniforms.  It would be like Christmas tomorrow.  She would have to get here as early as possible.  She went to her desk and picked up two new keys.  There was a note from George.  Her key was the master and the only one that opened her office.  She had two so she could keep one at home in case she lost the other.  Millie took her old key off the ring and tossed it and put the new ones on it.
She sat and studied the City codes for two hours and then packed her stuff up.  She went for a ride around.  She saw the unit and she had to admit it looked good.  Josh was doing a door check when Millie drove up.  He came to her window.
Millie asked, “How are things?”
Josh leaned on her window, “Quiet.  I wrote about a dozen speeding tickets, but other than that not much.  The drinking establishments are very quiet and of course Joe’s is still closed.”
Millie said, “Good, I’m going by the clinic to see Monty.  Want to go meet him?”
Josh smiled, “Sure thing I’ll meet you there.”
At the clinic Monty’s door was wide open and he was alone.  They walked in.  Millie smiled and Monty smiled back, and Millie greeted him, “How you doing Townie?”
Monty said, “Much better.  Now I just feel like I’ve been run over by a truck instead of a steamroller.”
Millie nodded to Josh, “This is one of my new Deputies.  This is Josh, Josh this is Monty.”
Monty put out his hand and Josh shook it, “Pleased to meet you Monty.”
Monty was feeling better, “I need to hurry up and get better so the guys and gals have a place to play darts.”
Josh asked, “You have a league?”
Monty said, “Yes. You play?”
Josh nodded, “Some of my misspent youth and it is a habit I find hard to break.”
Monty extended an invitation, “You should drop by and have a beer and meet some of the fellows.”
Josh looked at Monty and tilted his head, “You think your customers would appreciate having a lawman around?”
Monty smiled, “They are all law abiding citizens.  If they get a little rowdy we can usually handle it if you stay out of it.  I don’t see any problem as long as you’re in jeans and put your badge in your pocket even if you are packing.  If I say you’re Ok the guys and gals will accept that.”  
Josh looked at Millie who nodded approval and Josh added, “I may drop by then.”
They left the clinic and Millie said, “See you later Monty.”
Monty said, “Sure thing Marshal.”
She went home and took her jacket and hat off, grabbed an ice tea and went to the patio.  She laid her pistol on the arm and sat watching the waves.  A plane made its approach.  Millie thought it was pushing visual flight rules because it was turning dusk. When it turned dark Millie went inside.  She laid her pistol on the sofa beside her and started reading one of the policing magazines she had borrowed from the library.  After reading for an hour she turned in.
Millie woke rested and after her usual morning routine went to breakfast at the diner then radioed the office she was going to walk the business district and say hello to the business people.  When she went to the office all four of the Deputies were there and busy unpacking.  Rob was checking radio equipment against a packing slip and Josh was doing the same for equipment.  Jason was checking the slip for the new handguns, rifles, and shotguns all laid out neatly on a desk still in bubble wrap.  Terry was checking the uniforms.  
She looked up, “Everything is here but the slacks.  They are back ordered.  So are the dress hats.”
Millie thought for a moment, “Hey Deputies did you hear that?  I just had a thought. Tell me if you think I’m crazy.  We are a beach community so why not just wear the baseball caps, the shirts and substitute khaki Dockers for the dress slacks.  It would be a lot less upkeep.  The Citizens won’t really care as long as they can spot us.”
Jason interjected, “Why not just jeans then?  We can get summer and winter weight denim fabric.”
Terry interjected, “You know when we went into the bars with jeans on no-one really got tense.  It might work for this community.”
Rob jumped in, “We wouldn’t have to wear those hot uncomfortable dress police boots then.”
Josh asked, “Why not.  I like the idea.”  He turned to Millie, “Can we Marshal.”
Millie looked around, “Everybody in agreement?”
They all nodded agreement.
“Ok, it’s done.   Terry how about making a phone call and get the backordered stuff cancelled.  Will the carrying cases and holsters we ordered fit on regular belts?”
Someone called out, “No.”
Millie went in her office and called Seth at the gun shop and told him what she needed.  He said he’d call her back.  He called back and said he had three holsters like hers but was short one and would have to order the hand cuff and other holders.  He could have the holsters etc. shipped UPS overnight for a small fee and they would be there tomorrow.  Millie told him to go ahead and order them and she’d pick up what he had.
She came out of her office, “I hope you like my leather because that’s what you will all be getting.  As you can see, they are what the fashionable Marshal wears with jeans.”
 They wanted to see her stuff so she took them off her belt.  They liked it for it was sturdy and good looking.  They liked the badge holder that went on her belt.  She said there would be one for everybody.
Millie added, “The only proviso, please wear a brown belt with the brown holsters. OK, repack the stuff we’ll be returning.  Terry, make another phone call please to get a return authorization number from the supplier.  Wilma can arrange for the UPS guy to pick it up if you ask her nice.”
Everybody went back to unpacking.  Millie examined the new metal badges and liked them.  They had what one thinks of as a lawman’s star in the middle.  They displayed Deputy City Marshal on them except hers which had City Marshal on it.  Around the edge in smaller letters was City of Safe Haven Bay.  Each had a badge number from one to five.  Millie went and looked at the summer shirts.  They were very nice and made of material that would breathe as well as wick off moisture.  They were expensive but easy to wash.  The khaki colored caps were adjustable and badges were embroidered above the cap bill.  The embroidered badges were very nice.  The vests were also khaki with an embroidered badge on the left breast and POLICE across the back in big letters.
Millie took her badge.  She put the old badge in a small box in the equipment locker.  The other Deputies started to follow and looking at the numbers decided they would be issued in order of hire.  Millie smiled for it was another small example of how the group was working together.  The four other old badges were dropped in the box.
Just about everything was unpacked and sorted.  Rob said it first, “Well everything they said should be in the boxes was.”  Terry, Josh and Jason indicated the same result with their packages.  The day went quickly as the team organized the office and prepared their equipment. 
Millie was in a good mood and when supper time came she said, “Seeing as we are still paying the troopers to cover our nine eleven calls, what say you all we pick up some meat and go grill at my place.”
Terry said, “Let me make a call first.”  She went into the hall and when she came back said, “I’m good.”
Jason asked, “I’m scheduled Saturday, any chance I can have it off for the wedding.”
Millie asked, “What wedding?”
Terry answered, “Doris invited us all to her wedding.  You didn’t know?”
Millie shrugged, “No, I didn’t.  We can let the troopers take it and everybody can go to the wedding.  Now back to supper, I’ll pay for the steaks if someone will go to buy them.”
Rob volunteered, “I’ll go.  I know how to get to your place.”
Millie pulled out her money clip and gave Rob a fifty and a twenty, “If they have any salads left maybe pick us up some of that.”
When Josh and Jason got to Millie’s, Terry and Millie had already arrived.  Josh thought they must have the wrong place but the number was right and Terry’s car was parked in the drive.  When Terry answered the door they knew this was the right place. Terry told them,” Go straight through to the patio.”
The men were impressed by the house and when they came out onto the patio Jason offered, “Now this is the way to live.”
Josh asked, “What bank did you rob?”
Millie smiled, “I think I’ve been asked that before. The answer is real estate investing pays better and it’s legal.”  
Millie pointed to the outdoor fridge under the stone bar, “There’s beverages under there.”
Millie finally got the grill started as Terry came out with ice tea.  They no sooner got seated than the doorbell rang.  
Terry jumped up, “I’ll get it.”
 Rob came out and unpacked five gorgeous steaks, rub, and a big buckets of potato salad and slaw.  
He looked sheepishly at Millie, “I spent it all.”
Millie just shrugged, “In that case you’re cooking.  Go to it chef.”
 Jason jumped up.  “He burns everything.  I’ll do it.”  
Terry and Jason clapped and Millie assumed Jason had not been joking and had first-hand knowledge.  Rob didn’t protest and sat down.
Terry got a phone call, “Hi mom.  Yes.  Probably not before dark.  OK.”
Millie asked, “Your mom live with you?”
Terry nodded, “Yes.”
Millie volunteered.  “My mom lived with my brother Shamus after dad drowned.  Then my husband died in Afghanistan a little over two years ago and then mom died this year.  The last few years has taken a toll on my family.”
Terry sighed, “We have a lot in common.  My husband died in Iraq four years ago.  I was pregnant with Tammy.  I was lucky I had a good job.  Mom’s practice was bought out and she sold her house and came to live with me.  She was lonely I suppose.  We have a good life.  I bought a little three bedroom about nine miles from here.”
The three guys it turned out were all unattached.  When Jason announced the steaks were almost done Josh and Rob volunteered to set the table.  Millie and Terry still sat in their chairs while the guys got the meal ready.
Terry sighed, “I could get used to this.  What would you sell this for?”
Millie asked, “You offering?”
Terry laughed, “Just being nosey”
When the table was set Millie and Terry joined the group.  They had just started to eat when the doorbell rang.  
Rob jumped up, “I’ll get it.”
He came back with Mitch in tow moving along quickly on his crutches.  Mitch came over and kissed Millie on the cheek, “Hi Millie.” 
Millie said, “Team this is my good friend Mitch O’Keefe.”  Millie started pointing, “Mitch this is Jason, Rob, Josh, and Terry, my new Deputies.”
Mitch got up and shook hands with each and sat back down and said, “I guess I’m late for dinner?”
Millie smiled, “Jason cooked me half a cow so I’ll share.”
Mitch got up, “I’ll go get a plate and utensils.”
Terry asked when he was out of earshot, “Is that hunk one of the O’Keefe clan of political and financial fame.”
Millie smiled, “You betcha.”
Mitch came back and cut off half of Millie’s steak and took a big helping of the salad. “I haven’t eaten since breakfast and I’m famished.  I saw Millie where you and Terry are famous.  They broadcast the story way up in New York.  You girls got to stop shooting people for attention.”
Terry had ice tea coming out of her nose and the guys were laughing.  Terry wiped her face with the paper napkin.  
Mitch tore into the steak, muttering, “This is really good.”
Millie pointed with her knife, “Jason there is the grill chef.”
Mitch looked up, “My compliments,” and went back to eating.
Millie waited until he had a mouth full.  “You got your cowboy outfit for the wedding.”  She had timed it just right and Mitch started choking.
Terry gave Millie a smile, “Thank you partner.”
Millie bowed her head, “You’re welcome.”
Mitch was not deterred and started eating again.  
Josh asked, “What do you do for a living Mitch.”
Mitch had his mouth full so Millie answered, “Mitch is a real estate developer.  His company is the one that is going to do the mega development here.”
Jason said innocently, “No kidding.  You seem so young.”
Mitch fielded the remark, “Accident of birth. Inherited money and had to do something.”  
Millie chuckled, “Yeah, and fish jump on the hook when you go fishing.” Millie turned to Terry, “You have to take what these big city boys say with a grain of salt.”
Millie got serious and turned to Mitch, “How did your business trip go?”
Mitch answered evasively, “Good, I’ll fill you in later.”
They ate their food making idle conversation and it was entirely enjoyable.  When they were finished the dishwasher was loaded and the Deputies started leaving.  Millie and Mitch went back to the patio and sat. 
Mitch sighed, “Well it’s all finalized.  All the funding is arranged, the plans are at the County building inspector’s office, and there’s just the public hearing and then the building permit.  You think there’s going to be much objection?”
“There’ll be very little.  Except for the hotel, your development is on the other side of Central and there’s not much there.  The existing cottages and homes are all on this side so I doubt there will be much concern though people will come out of curiosity to see the plans.”
Mitch fidgeted, “Do I really have to dress cowboy.”
Millie smiled, “You betcha.  You are also accompanying the maid of honor so you’ve got to do it right.  I can help if you like.”
“I’d like.”
Millie offered, “The best place to get outfitted is in Mountain View in the Stellar Mall.  We call it the western store but its real name is Dusty’s Riding and Western Apparel.  Do you have a pair of jeans you like that can be modified to fit over your cast?”
“Yes.”
Millie said, “Then we’ll only need the rest of the outfit.  You wouldn’t have cowboy boots by any chance?”
“Nope.”
Millie smiled, “This is really making you uncomfortable isn’t it?”
Mitch said, “Yes, it is.”
Millie got up, “Well as much as I’m enjoying your scintillating conversation, I think you’d better go.  I have to get up early.”
Millie walked into the house and Mitch followed.  She closed and locked the patio doors and went and opened the front door.  “See you tomorrow Mitch.”
He caught her off guard; he leaned over and kissed her.  Millie felt her face flush, her toes tingle, and other parts screaming pull him back in.  She put her hands on his chest and gently pushed him away, “That’s all for tonight Romeo.”
Millie was saved because Doris pulled into the drive.
Mitch smiled his big gushing smile and Millie had to fight not to melt, “Now git.”
She watched him stroll to his car.  Doris got to the house before he drove away.  Millie was thinking that was close.  Too close.  She had to tread softly with this one.  He was dangerous. 
Doris asked, “He serious?”
Millie did her shrug thing, “Who knows?”
Doris announced she was bushed and was going to bed. 
The next morning Millie was at the office a little early.  She called Mitch about eight thirty and found out he was in Mountain View and had a nine o’clock appointment after which he’d be free and he told her he had something for her.  They agreed to meet about ten thirty at the western store.
Millie took advantage of the opportunity to visit Seth on the way.  She went to his shop which was already open when she got there.  Seth loved his work and put in long hours.  The bell rang as she entered the space between the exterior and interior doors.  Seth came out of the back, saw Millie and pressed the button that unlocked the inner door.
Millie greeted her friend, “Hi Seth.”
“Hi Millie. You’re out and about early.  I didn’t expect you until later. I’ve got your stuff in a box but I don’t have the invoice done up yet.”
Millie askec, “Can you just mail it to my office?”
“Hey for you, anything.  Your rifle is coming along.  I have it about half finished.”
Millie smiled broadly, “Hey Seth, I know it takes time to make a masterpiece.  I’m not going to rush you.”
Seth beamed, “You’re the best Millie.  Anything else I can do for you?”
Millie put on her serious face, “Yes, it’s unusual but I’ve just got a feeling it’s the right thing to do.  I need your advice about how?”
They talked for about fifteen minutes and Seth said he would get her a material price and talk to a friend about a confidential installation.  Millie thanked him.
Millie was at the store ten minutes early and Mitch showed up ten minutes late. By the time he arrived she had picked out and tried out some work jeans. They were cut just roomy enough to be worn comfortably and give freedom of movement but look good.  The sales lady told her they were riding jeans.  They had a big red star on the right buttock pocket.  The belt loops were big enough for a wide belt of which she bought two.  She bought two belt buckles that reminded her of the Marshal’s badge she wore.  The legs would have to be shortened and the store had a week backlog.  Millie asked if she paid extra to cover overtime pay for the seamstress if they could do them right away.  The lady asked the seamstress and came and gave Millie a price to which she agreed.  They would be ready by noon.  
Mitch came in and they chose a conservative cowboy shirt, hat, belt and buckle, and boots with walking heel.  They were nice but not cheap and at present he could only wear one boot.   Mitch pulled out a card and paid.  Millie took the large shopping bag his purchase was packed in.  The saleslady then handed Millie’s bag to her which she also took.  Millie had both bags as Mitch strode along with the aid of his crutches.
Mitch smiled, “Dressing like a cowboy is expensive.  Nevertheless, you want to accompany this want to be cowboy to lunch?  I have meetings this afternoon but we have almost two hours.”
“Can we drop by Chris’s office first?  I’ll drive my vehicle so you can go to your meetings right after lunch.”
Mitch laughed, “Yeah, and it just happens Chris’s office is near the rib place.”
Millie gave Mitch a big smile, “You read my mind.”
When they went in Chris’s office he was with someone so they waited.  It was only about ten minutes before he stuck his head out of his office.  He called, “Hi Millie come on in.”
Millie and Mitch went in.  Chris smiled, “Have a seat.  I only have ten minutes until my next appointment.  What can I do for you?”
Millie said, “I imagine you saw the press conference at City Hall.”
Chris sat back, “And you want to fire a warning shot across the Sheriff’s bow so to speak.”
Millie said, “Yes some kind of cease and desist and make a retraction letter.”
Chris shook his head, “Wright won’t take me seriously.  He has aspirations and he will only back off if he is scared.  I suggest you have John do this.  It will cost more initially but it will be more effective.”
Millie nodded, “I trust your read on Wright.  Thanks Chris.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”  Millie got up and gave him a hug.  Mitch shook his hand.
When they were outside Millie took out her phone and called.  John took her call and she told him what she wanted.  He said he’s seen the interview and he’d be pleased to send the letter under his signature on behalf of the Deputies if they had agreed to it.  Millie said they had thanked her for the promise.  He asked how Mitch was.  Millie handed the phone to Mitch.
Millie listened to one side of the conversation.
“Yes it was a very successful trip.  It’s all taken care of.  The only thing left is the public hearing and the permits.  Yes, it is all ready set up with the water and sewer Districts.  I’ll call you after the hearing.”
Mitch handed the phone back to Millie.  “You own property within the required notice area so you will get a formal invitation to the hearing.  That corner property at Central and Main will make you a lot of money.  What do you plan to do with the building?”
Millie said, “Have Butch remove it.”
Mitch looked at Millie, “That’s the right thing to do.  I’ve got meetings this afternoon so if we’re going to have lunch we’d better do it now.”
Millie enjoyed the meal and the company.  Mitch talked mainly about the hotel that would be built.  It was going to be quite nice.  It was aimed at the upper middle class vacationer.  He told her about which treed areas were going to be left in place and how the beach front would be developed.  It made her a little sad, but just a little because then she thought about her house.
Her phone rang and Mitch listened to the one side of the conversation, “Hello.  Yes George.  Seth is there?  Put him on.  Hi Seth.  Yes, I wanted to make sure it was you.  Of course, have a look at it.  Put George back on.  George they can look at the Master Bedroom.  OK, bye.”
Millie put her phone in its case on her belt.  “George is now my project manager although he is only part time.”
Mitch smiled, “You learn fast.”  He got up and leaned over and kissed her.  He handed her an envelope, “This is for you.  See you later.  You can buy lunch since you are making me dress up like a cowboy.”
Millie watched and he really did leave without paying the check.  She thought he could really be a cheapskate.  He did kiss nice though.  Whoa girl, you don’t want to go there she told herself.  She opened the envelope and it was an endorsed check from the electronics company for the systems that were never installed.  There was a little note that said, “This was included in the trade.”
She paid the bill and drove to the municipal park where she went for a walk.  It was a beautiful day.  After a short walk she went to the bank and deposited the check.
At three thirty she went to the title office for the closings.  The sellers of the mid block property said they had made a mistake and wanted more money before they closed.  Millie did not know the people who were absentee owners.   Millie pointed out they had a signed contract.  They were balking.  Millie pulled out a business card, “I guess you will hear from my attorney.”  She slid John’s business card on the table.  
The real estate agent took one look and counseled the vendors in firm language.  The realtor slid the card back across the table to Millie and everything went smoothly from there.
The second closing went smoothly.  The sellers lived in Longview and had not been pleased at the closings because of what had transpired and become public knowledge in the meantime.  Millie assumed she would not be happy if she was in their shoes but a deal was a deal.  She now had the deeds and title insurance.  She went to the bank and put the documents in her safety deposit box.
She left the bank and took her phone out and called Butch.  “Hi Butch, it’s Millie.  You know that little white frame building that’s falling down at the corner of Main and Central, used to be a hair salon? I just bought it.  I’d like you to give me a price to remove it”
Butch knew the building well, “It’s a small building and I can knock that down in no time.  The lot is big and there’s lots of room to work.  You want the foundation slab gone also and the lot backfilled and leveled?”
“Yes please.”
 “I’ll charge twelve fifty for my mobilization and demo plus two hundred a truck load. You pay for the fill and the permits which I’ll get.  I’d guess between twenty five hundred and three thousand.  It’ll probably only take two days. ”
“For that price go ahead.”
Butch said, “I’ll get on it tomorrow. Thanks Millie.”
“Bye Butch.”  Millie closed her phone.
The phone rang immediately, “Where are you Millie?”  It was Doris.
“In Mountain View starting to head home.”
“You are supposed to be here for the rehearsal!”
Millie asked a simple question, “What rehearsal?”  She heard Doris break into tears and say something to Doc.  
Doc came on the phone, “Doris forgot to tell you about the rehearsal.  How soon can you be here?”
Mille responded, “Just as long as it takes me to drive from here to there without breaking the speed limit.”
Doc said, “We’ll be waiting.”
Millie got to Doc’s in thirty five minutes.  She parked in her own drive and walked next door.  Doc answered the door.  
“Come on in.  We averted disaster and Doris is settled.  We just had the after rehearsal dinner first tonight.  It’s time for the rehearsal.”
It only took fifteen minutes for the run through of the rehearsal because it was to be a simple ceremony.  It took more time to go to the diner to talk about where everything would happen and return to Doc’s for coffee.  After the rehearsal Pastor Dan came over to her.  
Dan said, “You seem to be a celebrity around here.”
Millie gave him a big smile, “It’s just that I’m a home town girl and everybody here knows me.”
It was Dan’s turn to smile, “I think there’s more to it than that.  I watch TV and read newspapers you know?”
Millie half way put up her hands in surrender, “Ok, you caught me being coy or humble, take your pick.   I give up.”
Dan smiled.  “You sure are a character.”
Millie tilted her head, “Is that good or bad coming from a pastor?”
“Neither.  You are just different and interesting.  I’d like to have a long talk with you sometime.  Perhaps we could have coffee at the diner.”
“Ok.  Give me a call.”   Millie didn’t know what to think.  Was that a request for a date or was the pastor wanting to talk to the sinner?  This was confusing.  He was a hunk but was he untouchable?  She thought this was one of those things you don’t figure out but just wait and see what it is.  She let go of it.
Someone came and led Dan away and Doris came over, “What was that all about.”
Millie wasn’t sure but she had a hunch, “I think Pastor Dan wants to make me into a Bible Thumper.”
Doris smiled, “That makes sense.  He can’t be unequally yoked so he would have to bring you over from the dark side first.”
Millie didn’t understand and it showed on his face.
Doris explained it, “He can only marry a Christian woman and he can’t chase after you unless you are one.”
Millie was stunned, “Oh.”
Doris said, “I may not know about marriage licenses, but you don’t know about more important things.  I would have thought all those years of going to church with your ma, you would have learned something.”
Millie didn’t know why but suddenly she was sad.  Tears started and she hurried home.  She sat on the sofa sobbing.  She hadn’t broken down at the funeral or the burial.  She hadn’t mourned for her ma like she had for Tom.  She hadn’t mourned for Sue like she should have.  It had just come bubbling out.
Millie heard Doris come in, felt the sofa sink as she sat down, and felt her arm around her.  
Doris whispered, “What’s wrong hon?”
Millie said through her tears, “I didn’t get to mourn real good for ma or Sue.  I was being strong because of Shamus, and just now what you said about ma and church triggered and it all came out.”
Millie put her head on Doris’s shoulder and cried for a few minutes.  Then she stopped as suddenly as it started, “I’m glad I was finally able to get that out.  Thanks Doris.”
“You finished?”
Millie shook her head, “Maybe not.  I may have bouts of emotion for a few days.  If I do it’s just natural.  I’ve kept it bottled too long.  If you hear me crying just let me be.  I’ll come to you if I need a shoulder.”
Doris stroked her head, “Alright.”
Millie got up, “I’m hungry.”
“Come on back to Doc’s place and I’ll fix you a sandwich.”
By the time Millie and Doris walked over to Doc’s everybody had left.  Doc started to say something but Doris warned him off by gently shaking her head no.  Millie didn’t know it but her eyes were red from crying.
Doris headed for the kitchen with Millie and Doc in tow.  “I’m making Millie a sandwich, you want one sweetie?”
Millie watched Doc’s facial expression.  It seemed somehow to warm, “Yes please.”
Doris prepared three thick sandwiches and took a pitcher from the fridge and poured ice tea.  She set the goodies before them.  “I knew Doc would be hungry.  I could tell he didn’t like the food for the rehearsal dinner.  It wasn’t very good.  Some ladies from the church prepared it.  Pastor Dan whispered an apology to me before he left.  Usually church ladies can put on a spread to die for.”
Millie added, “When ma used to take me to the church potlucks, I used to stuff myself it was so good.”
Doc was chomping on his sandwich and muttered through a mouth full of food, “Tiss gud stus.”
Doris interpreted, “He said this is good stuff.”
Millie thought it was also and nodded her head enthusiastically.  
After they ate, Doris gathered the plates and glasses and put them in the dishwasher, “We’ll need a new dishwasher Doc.  That one is older than you and noisier than the engine room of a tramp freighter.”
Millie wondered how Doris would ever know what the engine room of a tramp freighter would sound like.  She smiled as she thought of Doris with a wrench in one hand, her hair in a pony tail, with her face covered in grease and oil.  She came back from her imagining when Doris said, “We girls have to leave now.”  Doris kissed Doc goodnight and they left.
Chapter 11 - Discovery and Disaster
Doris and Millie walked to the beach to go around into Millie’s yard. They were around the fence when Millie saw someone trying to pry the French doors open.  She whispered to Doris, “Go back now.  Millie slipped back behind the bushes and took out her cell and called Josh who was on duty.  “Josh, Millie.  Someone’s trying to break into my house.  I’m around back.  No siren.”
Millie snuck up on the burglar.  He was so intent on trying to be quiet and get the door open that he didn’t hear her sneak up. 
Millie placed the barrel against the back of his head, “Police, freeze.  Drop the crow bar, NOW!”   It clattered to the ground.  “Hands behind your head!  On your knees!  Cross your feet!”   The perpetrator was obeying the commands.  Millie reached for her cuffs.  “She cuffed one hand and she did it one handed with her left.  It was a trick Tom had taught her.  It took practice.  She knew the perp was watching her reflection in the glass.  She was maintaining eye contact.  She had a firm grip on the cuff.  “Now very slowly, and I mean very slowly put your right hand behind your back.”  The man started to move too quickly and Millie pressed the gun hard into his head as she yelled, “I SAID SLOWLY!”   The arm came back an inch at a time.   Millie pulled the other arm down and cuffed it to the right.
The man asked, “Can I get up now?”
“Stay right where you are.”
Millie heard someone coming through the gate in the front fence and she was relieved to see the khaki shirt.  Josh came over and drew his baton and Millie holstered her weapon.  She took the balaclava off the man.  “It’s the fellow who attempted to burglarize City Hall and tried to run Mitch and me over.”
Josh patted him down and found a pistol and lock picking tools.  Millie knew those were no good on her new high tech security locks. She stated the obvious when she said, “You are under arrest for attempted burglary and possession of burglary tools and for outstanding warrants.”
They heard another car pull into the driveway and Josh went to see who it was while Millie gave the man his Miranda warning.  A trooper came back with Josh.
“We got a call from your alarm company Marshal.  They were watching this guy on video and suppressed the noise alarms and lights”
“I’ve given him his Miranda warning and Josh found a pistol and lock picking tools on him.  Mountain View and your office have warrants out for this guy.  You want to take him?”
The Trooper said, “Sure.”
Millie turned to Josh, “Josh give him the evidence bag please.”
Millie tried to unlock the door but the lock was jammed.
Millie called to Doris and she came out from the bushes, “Millie having you for a neighbor is going to be exciting.”
Millie motioned to Doris, “Follow me, the patio door is jammed.”  They went around to the front and Doris went inside while Millie went to the trooper’s car with Josh.  Millie looked at the prisoner through the window. The man looked away.
Millie offered her hand to the trooper, “I’m Millie Boyd and you’re?”
“Christopher Cade.  Pleased to meet you ma’am.”
Millie smiled at the trooper, “You got here fast Christopher and I appreciate it.  I just happened to be returning from visiting my neighbor and you almost got here before me.  Be careful, this guy is a dangerous man.  He tried to kill me once.”
The trooper looked in the rear view mirror, “I’ll be careful.  Good night Marshal.”
Millie looked at Josh, “It gets stranger and stranger around here.  Thanks Josh you can go do the boring report now please.”
Josh nodded, “Will do.  See you later Marshal.”
Millie went into the house and Doris was on the sofa talking to Doc.  
Doris asked, “What was that all about Millie?”
Millie said, “Apparently there is something hidden in my house that someone wants badly.  It is something Chime doesn’t know about or they would have gotten it before they sold the place.  It must have belonged to Bullman.”
Doris asked, “What could be so important?”
Millie sat on the sofa and looked around.  “It would be easier if I knew what I was looking for.  I know it has to be hidden in the house because it was empty when it was purchased.  Millie didn’t know why it occurred to her but she pulled the drawers out of the kitchen counters and looked at the bottoms and the underside of the counter top.   She found it behind the garbage disposal and sink pipes, in a plastic bag taped to the underside of the counter.  The bag contained three discs and a small notebook.  Millie fired up her laptop and found that the files were encrypted and the notebook was also in some kind of code.
Millie turned to Doris, “You can’t stay here alone tonight because it might be dangerous.  Millie called Terry and explained the attempted break-in and that she had to go to Mountain View.   Terry agreed to come and stay with Doris.  She would be there as soon as she could.”
Millie put on her vest and put the evidence back in the plastic bag and stuffed it inside her vest.  She was very uneasy and took her loaded shotgun and a box of shells and put two extra clips for her pistol in her vest pockets.  She was very nervous.
When Terry showed, Millie called the State Patrol Barracks and told them she had what might be some important evidence that needed safekeeping and asked if they would accommodate her by safeguarding it.  The Sergeant on duty knew of Millie and said it was no problem so Millie drove straight there.  On the way she called Josh and told him where she was headed and if she wasn’t at the Barracks in forty minutes, he was to send out the Calvary.
Millie was relieved when she got to the barracks and once inside she phoned Josh to let him know she had arrived.  She talked to the supervising Sergeant and gave him the evidence and he gave her a receipt and she went back to Safe Haven.
It was late when Millie got back and Terry left with Millie’s thanks.  Millie set the alarm system and put a pistol under her pillow and one on her night table before getting in bed.  In spite of that she slept well.
She came awake with the noise of Doris making coffee.  She laid there for a bit as the light forced its way into the room through the closed blinds.   It was so comfortable in the bed she decided to just lay there but then the aroma of coffee started wafting under the door.  Millie got up and went into the kitchen.
Doris was sitting at the table drinking coffee and eating a pop tart.  “Now you know my dark secret; I like this sugar rich morning junk food.”
Millie went and poured herself a cup of coffee and on the way to sit at the table grabbed the second of the pop tarts on Doris’s plate.
Doris protested playfully, “Hey!”
Millie sat down and took a big bite.  She mumbled through her mouth full, “Just helping you make sure you can fit in your wedding dress.”
Doris said, “We have over five hours until we have to leave.  This informal wedding and having others do all the work is the way to go.  Here it is the big day and I can sit around and relax.”
Millie asked, “How about a swim and then we can sit on the patio and read.”
Doris smiled, “That sounds really good.”
They had a brisk swim and that sat on the patio under the umbrellas reading and drinking ice tea.  Millie finished the book she was reading and she just let her mind drift.  She felt the gentle shaking.
“Come on lazy bones, it’s time to get ready.”
Millie opened her eyes, “I must have dozed off.”
She looked up to see Doris smiling, “It’s past noon and we’d better get some food in you so you don’t faint during the ceremony.  I made something so come on over to the table.”
Doris had grilled two hamburgers and put some of the leftover salad from the grill party on the two plates.  Millie sat down and notice Doris had her head bowed.  Millie thought about it and realized that Doris did that every time they ate so asked, “Are you saying a silent prayer of thanksgiving Doris?”
Doris said, “Yes.”
Millie offered, “This is good.  Thank you.”
Doris said, “You’re welcome.  This gas grill you have is something else.  It cooks as good as my restaurant grill.  Maybe we can put one in next door.”
Millie’s phone rang and she got up to fetch it from where she had left it on the arm of the chair next to her pistol.  She reminded herself to be careful about that.  She’d been too far from her weapon.
“Hello.”
It was Shamus, “Hi sis, sorry to bother you but I have a deal for you that I need a yes or no on.  It’s a sweet cherry of a boat, inboard, twenty four footer and very classy and fast.  The guy needs the money to keep the bank from foreclosing on his place.  You can get it for seventy five hundred, just say the word.  I guarantee you two months from now I can get you at least three times that for it.  I’d grab it myself if I had the money.”
One thing Millie was sure off was that Shamus knew boats and if he was this enthusiastic it was a very good deal.  “Ok, sight unseen, come by with the papers and I’ll write a check.”
Millie went back to the table carrying her pistol and cell phone.  “I just bought a boat to dress up the dock.”
Doris asked, “What’s it like?”
Millie shrugged, “I don’t know except is a nice twenty four foot inboard and fast.”
Doris nodded, “That means Shamus got it for you and it will be nice.  I should talk to Doc about asking Shamus to find us one.”
“If you’re not in a hurry he’ll get you one at a bargain price and his finder’s fee is reasonable.  I guess we’d better clean up here and get dressed.”
Doris stretched, “This is the way to spend your wedding day morning.”
Shamus came by and got the check and Millie signed the papers and Shamus was off to conclude the business.
Millie and Doris left the house at one thirty five and went directly to the diner.  The place was hopping already and the fire department volunteers were parking everyone in the vacant field next to the diner which the owners of Dor-Mil Development LLC had graciously agreed to let the wedding use.  When the fire police saw Millie’s SUV they opened the barrier to the paved surface and Millie drove around to the side door of the diner.  She grabbed a small bag and she and Doris went inside.  This was the entrance to the meeting room where the service club luncheons and special events were held.
This was the place the bridal party was to gather.  Terry, Jenny and Joe were there and they all hugged Doris and Millie.  Joe had worked for Doris since the beginning and he was giving her away.
Josephine came in, “They are almost ready.”  She came and hugged Doris and whispered something to her.
Millie interjected, “I was prepared just for this moment.  Doris here is something new” and she handed Doris beautiful jade bracelet.” Doris started to shed a tear.  “Here is something borrowed,” and handed her a fancy silver southwestern design ring, “and something blue.”  The last was a blue garter.
Doris hugged Millie then put everything on, “I’m ready.”
The Country Gentlemen played a wedding march which was the cue.  The wedding party went out the front door of the diner into the big tent.   Millie walked ahead and then Doris followed arm in arm with Joe.  Millie took her assigned place. Doc was absolutely beaming.  He was decked out in western gear and even wore a bolo tie and long duster coat.
Millie looked around and saw Mitch about four rows back on the bride’s side.  The place was packed and there were people sitting outside the tent in lawn chairs.  Guest lists didn’t mean much at redneck weddings.
Pastor Dan smiled at Millie and she smiled at him.  It was a pleasant, meaningful and short service and when Doc kissed the bride the place went wild.  Everybody was clapping and cheering and after that there was no decorum.
Most people were coming forward to slap Doc on the back and give Doris a hug.  Mitch came and stood beside Millie, “It was a beautiful thing to see.  They are so much in love.”
Millie smiled looking at them, “Yes they are.  I think they will be very content together.”
With the service over the festivities began and the music started, the beer drinking and BBQ eating began.  Everyone was visiting with their friends and people they did not see as often as they might.  Millie knew a lot of the people but there were some she didn’t.  There was a wedding party table and Mitch and Millie went to it.  Millie asked Mitch, “Would you excuse me for a bit, I’ll be right back.”
“Certainly fair maiden.”
Millie gave him a big smile and then went to her vehicle and got her change of clothes and went back into the diner to change.  She found Terry was doing the same thing.  
Terry chuckled, “I thought my contribution might be to show the flag and perhaps encourage people not to misbehave.”
“Great minds think alike Terry.”
It turned out to be a pleasant day.  Josh, Jason and Rob were there but in western wear except they wore their badges on their belts and their side arms and other holsters as Millie and Terry were now doing.
When Millie went back to the table Mitch quipped, “I really thought you were beautiful in that dress.”
Millie took her hat off and put it on the table.  “Thank you.  Don’t you like me in jeans?”
Mitch leaned to her, “I find you quite sexy and appealing in jeans as well.  I like you both ways.  I expect there are other ways I would like you.”  He gave her a big broad smile.
She leaned over and whispered, “Go slow Romeo.  An impatient hunter often scares off the game.”
Mitch sat back and sighed, “You are a hard woman Millie Boyd.”
She smiled coyly, “I wouldn’t want to be an easy woman.”
She looked up to see Pastor Dan several tables away watching her.  She smiled at him and he nodded.  Millie thought that now this is getting interesting.  Mitch had picked up on the exchange.
Mitch said, “I see men of the cloth can have good taste too.”
She looked at Mitch, “Do I discern a bit of jealousy?”
He did not respond but took a drink from his bottle of beer.
There was a lot of conversation and a lot of people stopped to chat with Millie.  Millie knew Mitch was good with people but she got a chance to see him in politician mode.  He seemed to enjoy interacting with the people as much as Millie did.  She was continually introducing Mitch because most people knew of him but had not met him.  Finally she told him to follow her and led him to the stage steps.  She went up and waited while he negotiated getting up the steps.  
When the group finished their number, Millie called to the lead singer, “Hey Billie, I want a minute with the microphone.”  Billie nodded.  She went with Mitch over to the microphone.”
“Hi everybody!”
The crowd all yelled greetings.
“Isn’t it great to see our friends Doris and Doc finally hitched?”
There was much hooting, hollering, cheering and clapping.
Millie said, “I’ve been trying to eat BBQ and drink a beer for about an hour but people keep coming to want to meet this fella here.  Mostly woman folk,”
There was light laughter.
“So to make it easy on myself, everyone this is Mitch O’Keefe former City Manager who saved the City’s you know what.”  Something in the way she said drew a lot of laughter.
“He is also leading our City’s development.”
That gathered much applause and noise.
Millie said one more thing, “And Mitch this is everybody.”
Mitch took his cowboy hat off and waved it like a rodeo cowboy while leaning on his crutches.  Millie led him off the stage.
As they walked back to their table Mitch looked at Millie, “That was fun.  You are a natural campaigner you know.  You would make a good politician’s wife.”
She laughed, “If you didn’t notice, I’m already a politician.”
Millie noted that Mitch was turning the reality of that over in his head.  They went among the tables and it took them about twenty minutes to get back to their table because they stopped to talk with so many people.  Their BBQ and beer was gone.
Doris called to them, “You were gone so long I had it removed.  Go get fresh BBQ and cold beer.”
Millie and Mitch were finally getting a chance to eat and it was almost five o’clock.  Several groups were performing in a revolving order.  Mitch and Millie were not finished eating when Doris and Doc were on the stage cutting the wedding cake.  A lot of people were at the stage taking photos.  Joe made a very short toast.  Somebody came up and snapped a photo of Millie and Mitch.
The dancing started at six and by dark the party was really rolling.  Millie and Mitch could only watch the dancing because it was just a little difficult to line dance on crutches.  Millie saw Josh pull out with two men in the backseat behind the cage.  Her Deputies were good.  She had not even realized there had been a disturbance.  Millie watched Josh leave and wondered why the unit was going down the highway in the wrong direction.  She saw it pull into a lot and the men being transferred to a State Trooper car.  Josh came back to the celebrations.  Millie thought that was pretty slick of her guys.
Surprisingly Mitch had been enjoying watching the line dancing.  He turned to Millie, “When my leg heals perhaps you could teach me to line dance.” 
Millie said, “Sure.”  She doubted very much he would remember the request.
Mitch leaned over to speak to her and to be heard over the music, “This is the most fun I’ve had in a long time.  I’m very happy you agreed to be my date.”
Millie smiled.  She was feeling a little uncomfortable. “Mitch, I have to go use the ladies room.”  Mitch nodded.  Millie went inside the diner rather than to one of the porta-potties.  Josephine who was tending the door and keeping an eye on the diner, unlocked it and let her in.  Millie relieved herself thinking you didn’t buy beer, you rented it.  Millie was outside and headed back to the table when there was a loud boom and the ground shook.  All activity stopped.
Everyone was looking at the large orange ball of fire lighting the night sky.  It was near the lake.  Millie had a bad feeling.  She heard Doc say to Doris, “I’d better go to the clinic.”  Doris kissed him and he left.  Millie saw Mitch and waved.  He nodded he understood.  She got in her car and put her police light on the dash, plugged it in and drove toward the highway.  The volunteer firefighters were leaving and Josh was blocking the field driveway with the unit telling everyone the fire, medical and police had to go first.
The further Millie got down Central the more certain she became it was on Lakeside.  Fire sirens were blaring and volunteer firemen were driving directly to the fire with their fire emergency lights flashing from their personal vehicles.
The street was blocked by a fallen tree a hundred feet from her home.  Several houses were damaged.  Glass was everywhere.  She got out and walked down the street.  Her house was gone and the rubble was burning.  All of Doc’s windows were shattered and the fence and hedges were on fire.  The house on the far side from her was half gone and on fire.  Firemen were busy trying to keep embers from igniting plants and houses.  Jason was the first to arrive.
He walked up to Millie, “It’s gone?”
Millie said, “Yes, and Doc’s place is wide open.  Please Jason, go keep an eye on Doc’s place.  I don’t want to see anything go missing.”
“Certainly Marshal.”  Jason went to the house and did a perimeter search using his flashlight.”
Terry came next, “What can I do Marshal.”
Millie said, “Patrol the houses and see which ones have damage that make them susceptible to thievery or if someone is inside and might be injured.”
“Yes ma’am.”
Millie’s radio beeped.
“Yes.”
“Rob and I are still at the diner.  All the fireman have left and we opened the lot.  A few people stayed but Doris wants to close it down and asked us to help.  Can you spare us for a bit?”
Millie said, “Yes, we’re covered here.”
“Ok.”
Josh’s quick action to let only the emergency personnel out immediately had been crucial.  The fire department had the area blocked off before sightseers arrived.  Millie looked at where her house had been.  There was a crater close to where her house had been and flame was shooting up twenty feet in the air from the end of a pipe.  
Terry came back, “The only houses that seem to have any significant damage are yours, Docs, and the one next door that is on fire.  Who lives there?” 
“It’s a summer home.  I don’t know the people but they haven’t arrived yet for the summer.”  Millie sighed, “I liked my house and here I am for the second time in a month homeless.”
Terry added, “But not penniless or friendless.”
Millie smiled, “Yes, there is that.”
Trucks from the gas company started showing up.  They were looking at the pipe in the crater and using detectors.  The fire coming from the pipe stopped.
Millie walked back and leaned against her SUV.  The odds against losing a home twice in one month were staggering.   Something didn’t add up.  
Shamus appeared, “Sorry Sis.  You are having a run of bad but good luck.”
Millie was perplexed, “What do you mean?”
Shamus said, “Bad luck to lose a home but good luck you weren’t home either time.  You’ll have to sleep on the sofa because I’ve rented out the guest bedroom.”
“Thanks brother but I won’t be staying at your place with Mitch there.  It would be a scandal.”
Shamus shrugged, “Your choice.  I’m bringing the boat Monday morning.”  Shamus drifted away.  
Millie thought that her brother was always in his own little world.  Nothing outside the death of a loved one shook him.  He just focused on the short term and took life as it came.  He was content with his life and that was more than most people could claim if they were honest.
Jason came to Millie, “Some of the fire department volunteers are boarding up Doc’s windows.”
Wes came over, “Sorry Millie. What are the odds?  It looks like the gas main exploded.  These lines are old but it is rare for this kind of thing to happen, but it does.”
Millie put out her hand and Wes shook it, “Thanks Wes.”
Wes left.  Her team was all around her.  “I noticed everybody but me was working tonight.  Put in hours for the civic event slash wedding and this and no arguments.”
Rob spoke for them all, “Thanks Marshal.”
Millie sighed, “Who feels up to staying here for the rest of the night?”
Jason responded, “I’ll stay until six when Rob is scheduled to come on.”
Rob added, “I’d better go get some shut eye.”
Millie’s phone rang.  It was Cal.  “Hi Cal.  I guess news travels fast in our world.”
Cal asked, “Is it as bad as I hear Millie?”
 “You betcha.  There’s just a big hole in the ground and a little smoldering rubble.  I think my home is just dust spread all over the City.”
Cal started laughing and so did the Deputies.
Millie looked at those standing around and said, “Everyone is so empathetic.  It really makes a Marshal feel all warm and fuzzy.”  
Now everyone was roaring.  Millie waited until they were finished.
Millie said, “Cal we need to get together first thing Monday morning and I would like to bring my Deputies.”
“Nine o’clock.”
Millie said, “See you then Cal.”
“Ok gang.  You heard.  I’ll be at the Mountain View Motel until then.”
Millie drove into Mountain View and went to Wal-Mart and purchased what she needed to survive for the next few days and then went to the motel.  She was exhausted and slept like a baby.  Millie woke up after eleven.  She couldn’t remember when she’d slept that late.  She showered and got ready and cut the tags off her new blouse and was ready to go to lunch when Doris called.
Doris asked, “Where are you Millie?”
“At the motel in Mountain View.  What about you?”  
Doris said, “Finally on my honeymoon and it’s a secret where we are.  We left after we were sure there were no injuries for Doc to treat.  Are you alright?”   
Millie said, “Yes.  When I rebuild the new cottage it will be closer to the water.”
“Why don’t you come and stay with us.  Our place just needs new windows.”
Millie was firm, “There is no way I am going to move in with newlyweds and ruin that precious first few months together.   Would you mind a camper parked next door for a while.  I am thinking of renting one.”
Doris said, “No problem as long as it doesn’t become temporarily permanent.”
Millie laughed, “Snob.”
Doris teased, “Camper trash.”
Millie closed with, “Enjoy your sex time.”   She closed her cell.
She found a place to have lunch and as she ate she considered her situation and what she was going to do.  Her phone rang and it was Mitch.
Millie answered, “Hello Mitch how are you today?”
Mitch said, “I’m good.  I suppose you are in Mountain View.”
“Yes and just eating lunch. You know where I can borrow a camper while they rebuild my house?”
Mitch paused then said, “No, but I could get a construction trailer that has a toilet and shower and desk.  It will hook up to electric and sewer lines.  I can even have it delivered and set up.  Our contractor has several and I can shake one loose and donate it to the cause for about three months and then I would need it back.”
“That would be great Mitch, thanks.”
Mitch said, “Remember, we have a date next Saturday.”
“I’ll remember.’
 Mitch paused then added, “I’ll be away until Thursday on business.  I’ll soon be here full time and I think I may use your idea while they build my house.  I‘ll call you when I get back.  See you then.”
“Bye Mitch.”  Millie hung up and went back to eating her club sandwich.
After lunch Millie went to the public library and went through the books they had on vacation homes.  She found a fifteen hundred square foot two bedroom cottage she loved and it needed just a few minor changes.  There was a web site where plans could be purchased.  She went to the computer lab and ordered the plans to be delivered to the office paying with her card.
It was only two o’clock when she left the library so she phoned to see if the posters she had ordered were ready.  They were.  She went and picked them up.  
Millie remembered Dusty’s was open on Sunday and went back to the store.  She talked to the same saleslady and told her what had happened.  She asked her to look up her bill.  She wanted to replace everything she had ordered.  The lady remembered that it was a good order and so she was eager to help under the circumstances.  It only took a moment to pull up the order and she told Millie she would have most of it together in half an hour and get the jeans expedited so they were ready by noon tomorrow.
Millie went to the sports store and bought an exercise outfit.  She went back to Dusty’s and picked up her new outfits.  She got back to the motel about supper time and watched the regional news.
The story about the explosion was a short news story.  There were interviews with gas company executives who promised to make things right with the homeowners and they assured all their customers in the City that they were doing a comprehensive check of the entire system to determine if any remedial measures were necessary.  The initial investigation indicated the explosion may have been caused by an isolated construction flaw.  
Millie realized the gas company wanted this to go away because of the money that would be made in the new development.  Everything was starting to be affected by the development.  Yet someone did not want it.  Not being able to stop it would they might try to at least slow it down and how far would they go?  
Millie ordered Chinese to be delivered and watched a pay per view romantic comedy before retiring.  She woke to the alarm and five minutes later the wake-up call came.  Millie would not get to exercise her regular way this morning.  She did some aerobics with a TV fitness celebrity.  After the half hour program she showered and got ready.
Millie went to IHOP for breakfast.  As the bank drive through opened at eight, Millie went and got some cash then headed for the meeting.  She arrived five minutes early.  The Deputies were already there waiting.
Millie greeted them enthusiastically, “Good morning!”
They all got up and gathered around, “Good morning Marshal.”
“Pay attention this morning.  I will need your ongoing attention to what we are going to talk about this morning.”
A sergeant buzzed them in and Cal came to meet them, “Good morning, come on in.  We’ll meet in the conference room and the sergeant will be there.  If you brought everyone then it’s important and I’d like to record the meeting if you agree.”
“I have no problem with that Cal if I can have a copy.”
Cal said, “Ok.”
They took a seat and Millie asked if everyone knew each other and they did.  Millie had not met this sergeant and Cal introduced her to Kevin James.  
Millie asked Cal, “Well can you start the recorder and I will kick this off and get started.”
Cal motioned to the Sergeant who started the recorder and made a list of everyone who was present.
Millie started it out.  “I have three computer discs and a book here for safe keeping.  I do not have the resources to deal with what I think I have uncovered and I think it’s dangerous.  Here’s what I’ve discovered and my take on it.  I need to find out if I am on the right track.
The house I lived in was built and owned by Chime Development Corporation, which really seems not to have developed very much.  Chime is tied somehow to Safe Haven Marina LLC.  Chime built a mansion for the bookkeeper of Safe Haven Marina.  Why does Chime build that kind of a house for a mere bookkeeper of another firm?  Well that bookkeeper was also the Mayor of Safe Haven.  For some reason the Marina or Chime or both did not want the City growing.   For some reason the previous Council dragged their feet and postponed development proposals until potential developers just got frustrated and went somewhere else, mainly Longview.  I have documents in my evidence locker that this foot dragging was an almost twenty year long practice.
Now why is it that anyone does not want development, people, tourism and growth and be willing to go to extreme lengths to keep it from happening?   One reason could be you have a very lucrative illegal business and attention would be a bad thing.
Add to all this that there was apparently a concerted attempt to keep Mitch from getting established in Safe Haven and both of us uncovering why the City was in such poor financial condition.  There were attempts to keep us from finding out about the Council so called mismanagement.  Then there is the willingness to plead and suddenly all the ex-council members leave for parts unknown virtually overnight. The attention that council mismanagement attracted went away overnight as well.
Then there is the matter of men coming around trying to buy property around the marina.  When they were unsuccessful they used veiled threats.  One of the farmer’s ran them off with a shotgun.  I had to chase two off my land at gunpoint when I was threatened.  Then my cottage and garage burned to the ground.  The fellows who visited me afterward worked for Bull and Man Development LLC.  I bet you can guess who one of the owners of the company is.
It finally occurred to me and I should have thought of it a lot sooner.  There are float planes constantly coming and going from the marina.  But hey, guess what, no tourism.  Why all those flights.  Maybe we stumbled onto something the other night.  I’d like to know if there is something there in the records you have in safekeeping that explains all those flights.
My theory is Bullman and the others were into this illegal activity up to their ears.  They were bought and paid for.  The use of the house was a part of the payoff.  Bullman bungled keeping a lid on things and was encouraged to plead out to keep the heat off.   He and his friends had an assisted quick departure; maybe by Chime.
I suspect that Mr. Bullman had created an insurance policy when he realized how dangerous the people he was dealing with were.  He hid that insurance policy in the house. When he had to move out quickly, perhaps with help he didn’t want to know about the insurance hidden in the house, the information was left.
  Chime sold the house and didn’t know about the insurance policy and still may not.   Bullman tried to fix things after the fact by trying to acquire property around the marina himself but he bungled that as well.  He sent someone back for the insurance because now he needs it badly.  Only I caught the burglar.   If he knew we had it and we knew what it was, he could probably be flipped.  Who knows where it would go.
From his point of view if he couldn’t get it he would want to make sure it was destroyed.  On the other hand it may just be a coincidence my house blew up.”
Cal was now leaning forward, “How do you want us to help.”
“I would like three things.  I would like someone who is a specialist to look at what I brought and break the encryption and see what it means.  Secondly, I would like us to work together cooperatively to find out what’s going on.  Third, I would like you to deputize everyone here in case something happens outside the City.”
Cal thought for a moment.  “I have to make a phone call to the big boss and I want to play this tape for him.  We will need resources from outside our agency.  Agreed.”
Millie said, “Yes!”
Cal left and came back ten minutes later.  “Sergeant turn the recorder back on.  It’s all agreed to.  We want to ask the DEA to help us with the discs and book.  We’ll offer to split the seizures and the credit.  Is that acceptable if we insist that it be made public this was uncovered by your Department who turned to us and the feds for help?  Is that agreeable?”
Millie said, “Yes.”
Cal put his phone on speaker and dialed.  He was put through to Mr. Rodriguez.
“Supervisory Agent Rodriguez, Captain Cal Abernathy, I have you on the speaker phone and Marshal Boyd is here with her Deputies and my Sergeant James.  We are recording this.  I think we might have something here that will make the other night seem like amateur night.  I want you to listen to a recording of what Marshal Boyd just told me.  First I want your agreement that we split any seizures arising from the investigation three ways and that it will be primary part of public announcement that this investigation was initiated by Marshal Boyd’s Department who turned for us to help.”  
Rodriguez answered, “If anything comes of this that is agreed.”
Cal played the tape. 
There was a pause.  “I’ll have two specialist agents there tomorrow.  Everyone go about your business like nothing is out of the ordinary.  I don’t want to set off alarms.  Marshal Boyd, I’d appreciate those Council Documents you spoke of.”
Millie smiled at Cal and said into the speaker phone, “Yes, I’ll get them here.”
“Once we know what we have we’ll meet if it is warranted.  I think it will be.  I’ll get things in motion.  I will talk to you later.”
The phone went dead.
Cal turned to Millie, “If you can stay and have a coffee we’ll get the documentation ready that’s necessary to deputize you all.  I’ll show you where the coffee is and introduce you to my staff that are here.”
 After their business was finished they all left together.  They all gathered at Millie’s vehicle.
Rob spoke, “I think I speak for us all Marshal that we appreciate your including us in that meeting.  This will really help us keep from stepping on a land mine that might blow the investigation.”
Millie looked around, “I need you all to help with this.  Remember, for the time being we go about our business as normal but we keep our eyes open.  If you see a plane coming or going keep it a record of the day, date, time and if you can do it without drawing attention get the tail number.  Everyone will need a good pair of field glasses and Seth can provide those.  OK team back to your routines.  See you all later.”
They all went to their vehicles and drove off.  Millie drove to the city police station and went inside.  She was surprised to see Amy, “Hi Amy.  You work here now?”
“Yeah, I lucked out Marshal with this opening.  Things are really bad over there at the Sheriff’s office.  How can I help you?”
Millie said, “I’m here for Bill Emmerson.”
Amy got on the intercom and Bill came out and saw the large plastic bag Millie was carrying.  “That the good stuff?”
Millie smiled, “Yes.”
Bill turned to Amy, “See if the Chief is available.  Tell him Marshal Boyd is here with the brownie points material.”
Amy did not understand but she called. She was surprised, “He said to come on.”
Millie had not met Chief Franklin.  She walked into his office following Bill, “Chief this is Marshal Millie Boyd.  Millie this is Chief Franklin.”
The Chief said, “Ned will be fine Millie.”
Millie smiled, “Certainly Ned.”
The Chief was curious, “I hear you are homeless again.  You are having a run of hardships.”
Millie shrugged, “Houses can be rebuilt.  I’m just glad no one was hurt.”
The Chief added, “And you’ve had some professional triumphs and I hear you raided the Sheriff’s Department pretty good.”
Millie laughed, “I see Amy has come over from the dark side so you’ve been raiding to.  Anyone else?”
Ned smiled in a way Millie saw as mischievous, “We only had one vacancy.”
Millie changed topics, “I have some posters here.  I brought a sharpie so I can personalize them if I know what you want.”
Ned turned to Bill, “Have any of the staff who are in the building and asked for one to come to the conference room.  Let’s go Marshal.”  The Chief led the way.
Millie met quite a few of the staff and provided personalized messages for their kids.  They brought Millie a coffee.   A couple of other staff asked if they could get one and Millie volunteered that she had brought three extra.  She signed the few that were for officers who were not on duty and left them with Bill.  
When they were all done, the chief asked, “How much do we owe you Millie?”
Millie shook her head, “Nothing Ned, it’s my pleasure.  God has blessed me with fifteen minutes of fame and I’m just happy to support my brother officers to make brownie points with their kids.”
Ned offered his hand and Millie shook it, “I’d better git.  It was nice meeting you Ned.”
On her way out Millie stopped by the reception desk and said, “Way to go Amy” and gave her a thumbs up.
Amy smiled and said, “Thanks Marshal.”
It was almost lunch and Millie called Chris’s office but he wasn’t there.
Millie went to Dusty’s and picked up her jeans.  She asked for the seamstress and gave her a ten dollar tip and told her she appreciated the help.  
Millie went back and spoke to saleswoman who was wearing a name tag, “I really appreciate you help Doreen.  I will always ask for you so you get the commission.”
The lady laughed, “Thank you Marshal.  My friends call me Dusty and you can to.”
Millie smiled, “They call me Millie.  I’ll be back to your shop Dusty, count on it.”
Dusty smiled back, “I’ll look forward to it and thank you for your business.”
Shamus called as she was going to her vehicle, “Hi sis.”
“Hi Shamus.”
Shamus said, “Your new boat is tied to your dock.  I am at the licensing office now registering the boat.  You will have to reimburse me for the cost and sales tax.  I’ll need a check right away please, it has left me short.”
“How about I just deposit the money to your account?  How much is it?”
Shamus gave her the amount and she went back to the bank and transferred the money.
Millie no sooner got out of the bank then her cell rang.  It was Ralph, “Hi Millie.”
“Hi Ralph.”
Ralph seemed quite excited, “Millie first I want to thank you for the referral to Mitch.  He told me you spoke highly of me.  That is going to be a big commission pie for me.   Secondly, the gas company wants to settle.  I called them and told them we insured the house.  They had appraised the house based on the plans and replacement cost.  It was more than your policy limit.  They are offering eight hundred plus seventy five for contents which is almost your policy limit.”
Millie thought about it.   She still had the land and that was worth perhaps seventy five but the crater would need to be repaired.  “Ralph tell them that the fences and mature shrubs will all have to be replaced and I want fifteen for that and for them to fill in that big crater and pay to remove the rubble.  I’ll sign off for that and I’m sure your company will sign off too.”
Ralph seemed enthusiastic, “I’d be happy to tell them.  I’ll call them back.  If I get them to agree I will make points with my company and I hope with you.  We will all be off the hook.”
She got behind the wheel and the phone rang.  It was Rob, “I just finished a meeting with Paul at the station.  He has agreed to all the recommendations I made.  It will be a top notch service for us.  His operators have already been trained and his system will be modified to work with our new radios.  I’ll leave the proposal and contract on your desk with my formal prepared synopsis and recommendations.  Wilma was good enough to spruce it up for me and make several copies.”
“Ok, thanks Rob.  Rob would you order me two caps please and have them shipped overnight.  I’ll come and look at the proposal later.”
Rob asked, “Do you need a new vest?”
“No, that was in my vehicle.  You know what, go ahead and order me another.”  Millie knew the Department would be able to afford it and when she had a police unit she could have one for both it and her personal vehicle.”
“Ok Marshal will do.”
Millie called George and he answered, “Hello.”
“Hi George, Millie.  I have a question for you.  How would you like to build me a new cottage?  It’s about fifteen hundred square feet.  I will provide the plans and a list of changes.”
George hesitated, “Millie I would like to say yes, but you should know I only have experience as a carpenter and handyman.  I’ve built houses but I’ve never been a general contractor.”
Millie wasn’t giving up on George that easily, “Well there’s always a first time and I trust you George.  I know you will do good work for me.  The plans come with a material list and you know all the subs and could get quotes.”
George was starting to think about it seriously, “I would need an advance and progress payments as I go ‘cause you know I don’t have a lot of money.”
Millie said, “I would be willing to go for that.”
“Ok Millie, get me the plans and I’ll put together a price.  Thanks for the opportunity.”
 Millie had no sooner hung up then the phone rang again.  It was Ralph.
“Boy Millie, they want this over fast.  They don’t want to be responsible for the cleanup but they increased the offer fifteen thousand over what you asked.  The only condition is that you make no negative statements about the gas company.  Is that agreeable?”
“Oh yes Ralph.”
Ralph added, “They said they would send a release to Chris and transfer the money to his trust account pending signing of the document.  My company is very happy that this is being settled directly.”
“Thanks Ralph.”  She closed her cell phone.
Millie finally started her vehicle and left the parking lot.  She was hungry and it was almost one o’clock.  She grabbed a sandwich and a bottle of water and headed for Safe Haven.  When she got at Central and Main she noticed the building was gone and the lot was leveled. The corner looked really good.   
Millie could not resist and went by the lot.  To her surprise she found the crater had been filled in and the gas company was running a line closer to the road.  It occurred to Millie that the old gas line main was on private property and not in the right of way.  No wonder the gas company was in a hurry to settle.
Millie parked in her drive, and called Butch.  He answered on the second ring.   “Hello Butch.  Nice job on the corner.  I’m at Lakeview and thinking I may have more work for you.  I will need the rubble taken away and I want to take out the concrete pad.  The new house will be closer to the water.  Can you give me a price?  I’ll be at the office this afternoon. ”
 Butch seemed enthusiastic, “Sure thing.  I’ll do it this afternoon.  I’ll drop by your office with an invoice for the demo.”
Butch hung up and Millie got out and walked down to the dock to see her new toy.  It was a beautiful boat and beyond what she had expected.  Shamus had stolen this for her.  He was right that it should be worth at least three times what she had paid for it.  She went aboard and inspected it.  It had been very well maintained.
Millie went to the office and much to her surprise she found the phones were working and there were computers on every desk.  She took her hat off and went down the hall and into the main office.
“Hi Wilma.”
Wilma looked up, “Hi Millie. Your people have been very busy.”
“And I thank you for helping them.”
Wilma smiled, “My pleasure. The phones are forwarded to me for the time being but nothings coming in.  Don has his bid in already and it’s the only one so far.  The bid opening is Thursday at two and the Mayor has called a special meeting for the evening at six to approve the best bid and deal with the dispatch services recommendation.”
Millie sat on the edge of Wilma’s desk, “I’m going to be busy for the next week and a half.  Let me know if there’s anything you need urgently.”
Wilma asked, “Will you be staying at the motel in Mountain View for a while?”
“It will be just until my temporary trailer is installed on my land.  I hope to start construction within a week.  I guess I should get back to my office.”
Millie went back to her office and looked at the proposal.  She was almost finished when her cell rang.
“Millie, it’s Chris.  I just got a faxed document from the gas company for a settlement and they want my trust account number to transfer nine hundred and five thousand dollars into.  I was kind of surprised.”
Millie was embarrassed.  “I am so sorry Chris.  Ralph phoned the gas company to tell them his company had my insurance.  They wanted to settle quickly and there was one back and forth and we came to an agreement.  That was just a little over an hour ago.  I agreed as part of the settlement not to say bad things about them.”
Chris asked, “Why are they so anxious to get this settled do you think?”
“There are two reasons.  One is the development and they can see big dollars and want no more negative attention.  The other reason is the main was installed outside the right of way and was on my land.”
Chris laughed, “That last one would do it.”
“Could you be a sweetie and take care of this for me?”
Chris teased, “I should get a retainer from you.  I’ll just bill you my regular two twenty five an hour.”
Millie gave it right back, “What, no family discount?”
“Not for fat cats that can afford to pay full rate.”
Millie chuckled, “Mercenary.”
Chris shot back, “Whiney baby.”
Millie laughed because of the way it was said and because of where it came from.  It was so unlike Chris that it took her by surprise.  Millie added, “I will be staying at the motel tonight.  Maybe I can sign the papers and buy you and Sue supper.”
“Alright.  Talk to you later.  Call me when you get into town.”
Butch showed up, “Hi Millie.  Here’s the bill for the corner.”
“Hi Butch,” and Millie picked up the bill and looked at it.  She took out her checkbook and wrote a check to him for twenty six hundred and seventy five dollars.  She handed it to him, “Quick work Butch.  Thanks.”
Butch nodded then started, “The removal of the big concrete pad will be expensive. It’s reinforced and all heaved, buckled, and it may be difficult to break up into pieces that can be put in the trucks.   Putting top soil back over the hole is easy.   The patio is all heaved and singed and will have to go.   By the way, I moved three of your chairs that weren’t damaged and put them down by the dock.  Anyway the short and long of it is it will probably end up costing seven to ten thousand dollars.”
“Ok, you can start tomorrow.”
Butch added, “I hope it’s alright, I told the guys with the office trailer to put it at least a hundred feet toward the water and near the hedge separating your place from Doc’s so we could get around the site.  They said they could do it but they would have to use a holding tank, and you would have to run a water hose and provide a temp electric service pole.  I said I’d get back to them this afternoon.”
“You did well Butch.  I approve.”
Butch smiled, “I wish everybody was as easy to get along with as you are. I’ll get started in the morning.”
Millie phoned the Council members starting with the Mayor and arranged for them all to take a ride in the new police vehicle.  She tried to match them up with the Deputy she thought they would most relate to.  Anna was ready to go right away.  Millie picked her up and took her for a drive.  Anna had a few questions but not many.  
After dropping the Mayor off, Millie was able to patrol for an hour before she headed to Mountain View.  She took the files for Rodriguez concerning the Council’s twenty years of foot dragging with her and dropped them off at Cal’s office.  Then she went to Chris’s office and signed papers.  She went to the motel and freshened up and went to meet Chris and Sue for supper.
It was a pleasant evening.
Chapter 12 - Coming Together
Tuesday was a good day for Millie.  It was the day she officially became a millionaire for the first time when Chris deposited the Gas company settlement money into her account.  It was the day her new house plans arrived which she gave to George.  It was the day the plumber put in a temporary tap to run a hose to the trailer and temporary electricity was hooked up.  Millie wrestled  two of the Adirondack chairs into the trailer after work and went back to Mountain View and bought an inflatable mattress, sheets and pillow at Wal-Mart as well as a bar refrigerator.
Wednesday morning early Millie loaded her stuff into her vehicle and checked out.  She spent a contented day being City Marshal.   She patrolled and met with citizens and ate at the diner. This was her first night in the trailer and it was more than Ok.
  On Thursday Millie phoned Cal, “Hi Cal how are our friends doing with the discs?”
Cal sighed, “Hi Millie. They have not yet broken the encryption.  They finally copied the discs and sent the information to Washington.  Apparently the encryption is pretty sophisticated.”
“What about the book?”
Cal interjected, “Would you hang on a minute Millie?” There was a pause, “Sorry about that.  The feds lifted several finger prints off the inside of the book.  They belong to Bullman and one other unidentified person.  They don’t know what the book means. They are not yet ready to take any action because they do not want to tip their hand until they know what we have in the book and on the discs.”
“What about my burglar?”
Cal offered, “He’s lawyered up and not talking.  The feds offered him a sweet deal to turn but so far nothing.  They tell me he is scared to death and they are keeping him segregated.  He lawyer has not asked for a bail hearing because no judge in their right mind is going to release a man without an identity.  This is a really strange case and the fed’s interest keeps growing the more walls they run into.  I’ll call you if anything significant happens.”
“Thanks Cal.”
Millie worked on a spreadsheet for the float plane observations. She thought she saw a pattern but more observations were needed.  
In the afternoon the official bid opening took place.  Don’s bid qualified for the delivery times and his prices were reasonable.  The other bid did not come close to the delivery dates specified and was two hundred dollars higher than Don’s.
 Millie’s Deputies started trickling in at five thirty.  By five fifty they were all drinking coffee in the break room.
At ten to six Anna came into Millie’s office, “Hi Millie.  You seem to be rebounding remarkably well taking into account the events of the last month.  You’ve had an eventful time of it.  I hear you have temporary accommodations are set up now and you’re already getting ready to rebuild. ”
 “Hi Anna.  Yes.  I’ve received compensation for the loss of my home.  I hope to start new construction next week.  The new place will be less than half the size of the former and closer to the water.”
Anna smiled, “Mansion life’s not for you?”
Millie sighed, “Not really.  I really liked that house but it’s not what I’d build for myself.  I’m just a small town girl at heart.”
The Mayor motioned toward the Council Chambers.  We’d better get to the meeting. Millie picked up a pad and pen and followed her.  There were only two people present in the audience beside her Deputies; Don’s man Charlie and Paul Weer the alarm company manager.  They nodded at Millie as she took her seat in the front row.
The Mayor called the special meeting to order at six o’clock sharp. The Mayor had everyone stand for the pledge and then started in on the agenda.  The first item of business was the bid for the police vehicles.  The clerk reported on the bid openings and the results.  She reported the bids were within the Marshal’s office budget and said acceptance of the lowest bid was recommended.
Councilman Mark Way spoke, “I have a question for the Marshal.  Millie are these the same as the new one we already have.”
Millie said, “Yes with a few minor additions to the interior equipment specifications such as for example mounting of communications gear, holders and laptop stand.”
Mark spoke again, “That is a nice vehicle.  Thank you Marshal for giving us all the opportunity to ride in it.  I move we accept the bid.”
The motion was seconded and carried.
The next item on the agenda was the dispatch and coverage proposal.  The Mayor called on Millie to explain the proposal.  Millie stood up, “As you know the City has not handled its own dispatch or in practice its own policing for an extended period.   Now that we have enough Deputies for full time police coverage it is time for us to reestablish local response times through a dispatch system of our own that will be efficient and effective.  We have identified a dispatch provider that can meet our requirements, is tied into the fire department and ambulance systems of many of the volunteer and ambulance districts in the area, and has a communications link with the state dispatch system.  The proposal is within the limits of my budget.  I would like Deputy Rob Woods to explain the details of the proposal.  Deputy Wood has military training in communications and has spearheaded this project for me.”  
Millie motioned to Rob and he came forward and gave his presentation.   He answered a number of questions and he introduced Paul.
Chris was asked if he had reviewed the contract and he stated that he had but the one initial concern he had was resolved.  There was a motion to approve the four year contract and authorizing the Mayor to sign it.  The motion carried with everyone voting in favor.
There had been no mention of Sheriff Wright or of the county dispatch system.  The councilmen knew why that was not a consideration.
The Mayor asked if there was any other business.  Millie stood up.  “I would like to formally introduce my new Deputies to the Council though I know some of you have met.”  Millie introduced them, having them stand as they were introduced, and gave a little about their background and training.  After she was done Millie smiled, “We invite you all to come to our office for a social after the meeting.  We have coffee and pastries.”
There was a motion and the meeting ended and everyone went to the police office.  As the hall was clearing Charlie came over to Millie.  
“Marshal I want to apologize to you for the way I treated you and Mr. O’Keefe.  Don has been working with me to help me see the error of my ways.”  Charlie smiled weakly.
Millie inquired, “Did Don ask you to apologize?”
“No, this was all my doing.”
Millie said, “In that case I accept your apology,” and Millie held out her hand for Charlie to shake.  “Come join us Charlie and I’ll introduce you around.”  Millie did and Charlie made nice with everyone.  The councilors congratulated Charlie on the successful bid.
Millie was having an enjoyable time.  Anna suggested they go to the diner so those who had not had their evening meal could eat while the rest drank coffee.   Most were up for it and went.  Millie was hungry and ate the special.  After about an hour of shop talk about the upcoming public hearing and the development they started to drift away.
It was just dusk when Millie got back to the trailer.  Butch had made quite a bit of progress.  The house rubble was just about gone.  Millie inspected the site.  She could see that the foundation pad was in large car sized pieces and sticking up at weird angles.  She wondered if others in the area would end up with foundation problems.
Millie slept like a baby and rose before the sun came up and went for her run.  She had time to think.  It was starting to warm up and her sweat band was wet by the time she past Central and got to the gates of the Marina.  She slowed to turn around but stopped to look at the sign on the gate.
She hadn’t noticed it before but she had not had reason to.  It said in big bold letters, “No Trespassing, Members Only.”  There was a keypad by the drive and an electronic fence.  It was the first time she had seen the place on foot.  She noticed the chain link fencing was topped with barbed wire angled out.   Millie completed her run home and showered and got ready.
She went to the office as the six thirty handover was taking place.  Jason was going off duty and Josh was coming on.  They both said, “Good morning Marshal.”
“Morning guys.  Quiet night?”
Jason responded, “Very quiet.  I gave out some speeding tickets but other than that not much.”
Millie smiled, “We can use some quiet nights around here.  Anybody a fisherman?”
Josh responded, “Rob and I are.”
“Josh you are on days tomorrow right?”
“Yes ma’am.”
“Tomorrow come with your fishing gear to my place at six.  We are going fishing.”
Both of the deputies gave her a strange look.  Millie smiled, “Can you think of a better way to stake out the Marina on a Saturday?  You’ve got your fishing license Josh?”
Josh said, “Yes.”
“Good and bring a lunch and your cooler.  We may be out for a while.  My cooler is gone poof with my house.”
Millie went into her office and called Shamus.  He was an early riser.
Shamus answered his phone, “Shamus the famous, best fishing guide on the lake.”
Millie laughed, “Have you got a fishing party this morning?”
“No sis, today I’m just going to work here.”
Millie paused, “How would it be if I come over and talk to you.  I need some information. I also need to get the keys to my boat.”
Shamus sighed, “Knew I forgot something.  Come on then.”
When Millie arrived Shamus was at the dock hosing out his wet well.  He waved to Millie and she got out of her vehicle and walked to the dock and sat watching her brother.
Shamus said, “Let me finish here and I’ll fetch your keys.”
“That’s alright Shamus.   I wanted to ask you if anybody around here fuels up or has a boat at the marina.”
Shamus was firm, “No way.  Those guys are ridiculous.  One of the fellows called and they said it was a member’s only marina.  He was told members had to buy a twenty five thousand dollar share and a monthly fee of a thousand dollars for dockage.  They don’t take too kindly to people getting too close to their docks either.”
Millie was curious, “Where do folks around here fuel up?”
Shamus told her without thinking, “Well the only commercial place to fill an inboard is up at Longview.  That’s why I have my own storage tank that a tanker truck from the farmer’s co-op comes and fills once a month.”
“Can I fill up here and pay you for the fuel I use.”
Shamus nodded, “No problem.  I’ll get you a key.”
“Are there many who fish this end of the lake?”
Shamus shook his head.  “If anyone fishes within a mile or so of the Marina, some guys suddenly appear on wave runners or small speeders and keep circling your boat playing catch me if you can and making as big a wake as they can.  You can’t catch fish with that going on and the boat rocking like a roller coaster ride so people just stopped coming.” 
Millie sat thinking about what Shamus had said.  She watched Shamus working.  “How come you didn’t come to Doris’s wedding with Georgia?”
Shamus shrugged, “We were fighting and I was finalizing your boat deal.”
Millie let it go.  She knew her brother well.  If he didn’t volunteer more he would not say more.  Shamus finished what he was doing and headed for his cottage without saying anything.  He came back with two cups of coffee and sat down beside her.  He handed her a cup and three keys on a key ring.
“I’m thinking of selling half my property to buy a new boat and make the place fancy for the guiding.  Would you be interested in buying ten acres more or less and half the water frontage?’
“How much?”
Shamus thought for a moment, “Seventy five grand?”
Millie didn’t hesitate. “Done.  I’ll have Chris get the paperwork done and arrange the severance.  It’s more than five acres so that’s routine.”
Shamus asked her, “I have an opportunity to buy a new fishing boat, a lot bigger and fancier than the one I have for twenty grand.  When can we close?”
Millie smiled, “Soon as Chris gets the paperwork ready.”
“The guy will hold it for me if I give him a ten percent deposit and pay the rest within seven days.  Will you advance me two grand?”
Millie said, “Yes.”
Millie went to her vehicle and got her check book and wrote Shamus a check.  She walked back and handed it to him.
“Thanks sis. You gonna build next door?”
Millie sat looking at the water, “Yes.  I would be more comfortable and at home here than on Lakeshore.”
They sat quietly drinking there coffee enjoying the lapping of the water and the fresh morning air.  Millie had always felt comfortable with her brother.  After about fifteen minutes Millie had finished her coffee. 
 She got her phone out and dialed while Shamus sat listening, “Hi, it’s Millie.  Is Chris there?  Thanks.  Hi Chris.  Shamus is going to sell me half his acreage and shoreline for seventy five grand.  I gave him a two thousand dollar deposit.  Can you get the paperwork done for us quickly because Shamus has plans for the money? Ok we’ll put in on paper and I’ll bring it to you.”  She handed the phone to Shamus, “Ya.  I appreciate it.  We’ll do up a paper and get it to you.”  Shamus closed the phone.
Millie went and got a pad from her vehicle and wrote out that Shamus agreed to sell and Millie agreed to buy half the acreage and half the water frontage of the property Shamus owned on Bay Rd. for seventy five thousand dollars cash.  The closing was to be in one week or sooner.  It also stated that Millie had given Shamus a two thousand dollar deposit.  Millie and Shamus signed and dated it.
Millie took it, “I’ll get this to Chris.”
Shamus said, “I’d better go give a man a deposit on a boat.”
Millie and Shamus got up and Millie went to her SUV as Shamus waved goodbye.  Millie drove the Lakeshore and parked on the grass because Butch was hard at work.  She walked clear of the work area and was heading toward the shore when her phone rang.  She looked at her cell and saw it was George.  
She picked up, “Hi, George.”
“Hi Millie, I have a price for you can we meet?”
Millie answered, “How about twenty minutes at City Hall?”
“Ok.”
Millie went to the dock and got in her boat and turned the key.  The engine sprang to life.  It sounded good.  She looked around and saw one life vest.  That was enough for now.  The fuel gauge indicated a quarter full.  Millie untied the boat and backed away from the dock.  When she had backed far enough she swung it around and headed out onto the lake.  She gradually increased speed and had it less than half open and was doing eighteen knots.  The boat was fast.  Millie arced around and headed for the public dock behind City Hall.  She docked the boat and went inside.
She no sooner got to her desk than Wilma got on the intercom, “Millie can you come in here for a minute please?”
Millie walked over to Wilma, “What’s up?”
Wilma pointed at the mailboxes with exaggerated motion meant to indicate teasing. “See the one marked Marshal.  That’s yours and there’s some mail there.”  
Millie smiled at Wilma then went back to her office with her mail.  The first two envelopes she opened were City paychecks.  Millie noted the net was a lot more than she had ever grossed on a paycheck.   Millie started thinking about all that money she had been accumulating.  It was the first time that she realized consciously that she was wealthy.  Millie sat pondering that until someone came to the counter.  It was George.  Millie motioned to him, “Come on in George.”
George was smiling, “Hi Millie, I have the price for the house.  I can build it for a hundred and fifteen if you advance me some money now.  I have a friend with a saw mill.  He is presently sawing cedar which I could finish plane and use for the great room ceiling, the siding and the closets.  It’s a bargain but I have to truck it away this weekend.  I would need ten grand.  The stone work for the fireplace wall in the great room would be made of this.”  George handed Millie a sample.  “It looks like stone but it is a concrete product.  As per the page you left me, the concrete finish can be done by one of our local subs and it will be a lot less costly than any other way of doing the floors.  The only thing that is not included in the price is the emergency generator, plumbing lines to the house, landscaping, and driveway. ”
Millie sat back. “What if I built the house on a different site?”
“If the lot was clear and level it wouldn’t make a difference except for the distance you might have to run service lines taking into consideration soil conditions.  Where did you have in mind?”
“Confidentially, Shamus sold me ten acres with shoreline on the far side of his property.  Have you got a place where you can store the cedar?  It might take Butch a bit to get me a road in.”
“No problem with storage.  I can keep it in my barn.  I know that property and it is gorgeous.  That’s some of the best shoreline in the area.”
Millie nodded, “I know.  You have an agreement?”
George gave her a point form sort of agreement as to what he agreed to do and when she would make progress payments.  It had a start date a week out and a completion date of four months.”
Millie asked, “How much extra would it cost to get the house up a couple of months earlier?”
George thought, “Seven grand.  I would have to hire extra help.”
Millie called Butch.  He didn’t pick up.  She phoned again because she figured he was in a machine.  He picked up this time.
“Hi Butch.”
Butch said, “Hi Millie.”
Millie said, “In confidence, I bought ten acres of my brother’s place and I’m going to build there.  I will need a price to put a road in and George will need to know how soon it can be done because we are about to sign a contract.”
Butch asked, “You still want this work done?”
“You betcha.”
Butch said, “How about I meet you at Shamus’s at noon?   I can take a look while the guys are eating.  They can start without me if I’m not back right away.”
Millie said, “Ok.”  She turned to George, “We are meeting at noon onsite.  You want to come?”
George said, “Definitely.”
Millie called Shamus, “Shamus, I’m going to build next door.  Are the survey markers still in at the far side of your property.”
“As far as I know sis.”
Millie said, “Good we’ll work from there.  Talk at you later.”  Millie turned, “George you know anybody with a metal detector?”
“Ya, me.  I have one for finding survey stakes so I don’t build a garage or gazebo on someone else’s property.”  
Millie smiled, “Ok, I’ll meet you at Shamus’s at noon.  I’ll be coming by boat.”
George left and Millie started reading her mail.  There was a congratulatory letter from the Association of Police Chiefs and an invitation to join and a dues bill.  There were congratulatory letters from Ned, the Longview Chief, Cal and a couple of others but surprise none from Sheriff Wright.  There was a letter from John Summer with a copy of the letter he sent to Sheriff Wright.  There was also a bill enclosed.  Millie took the letter to Sheriff Wright and copied it and put a copy in each Deputies box. 
 Millie went to Wilma’s desk.  “How busy are you Wilma?”
“Not very.  I would be pleased to take care of your administrative work until things pick up.”
 Millie smiled, “You must be a mind reader.  Would you respond to these letters and make us files and put these in.  I would also like to get the Police Chief’s Association membership stuff done.”
“No problem.”  Wilma added, “You know once the development starts we’ll get very busy.  Eventually you will need your own secretary and I don’t expect that will be too far distant once the development starts.”
Millie paused, “I imagine a lot of things will change.”
Millie got back to her desk and Wilma called on the intercom, “Sheriff Wright is calling.  You want to speak at him I’ll transfer him back.”
“Ok, but please listen in.”
Wilma said with enthusiasm, “My pleasure.”
The phone rang and Millie picked it up, “You gold plated bitch, I don’t know what the hell you expected to happen with this letter.  You can kiss my redneck butt you scrawny little redheaded runt.”  Wright slammed down the phone.  Millie was pretty sure he said runt but she could be wrong.  
Millie chuckled, “My, my the man has a mouth on him.”
Wilma laughed, “Yes he does.”
They both hung up.  Millie picked up the bill from Summer wrote a check and addressed an envelope by hand and took it to Wilma.  “Would you mail this for me please?”
Wilma smiled, “Certainly.  Are you paying that bill from your personal account?  Sorry, that’s a rhetorical question.  It was probably a lot and you think every penny was worth it seeing as it grandly made Sheriff Wright uneasy.”
Millie gave Wilma a big grin.  “I’ve got to run.  I have a noon appointment.”
Wilma watched as Millie pulled away in her boat.  Wilma thought to herself that this one might be around for a long time.   Wilma then went to lunch.  
When Millie pulled up at Shamus’s dock George was there.  By the time she tied up Butch’s pick-up was coming down the lane.  
Shamus got out and they all gathered around Butch’s pick up.  Shamus put down the tailgate and unrolled the paper, “Here’s my plot plan and the parcel boundaries are almost straight lines on three sides.  Here’s my house.  Here’s how far it is to the far boundary.  If we split the shoreline the new lot should start about two hundred and fifty feet that way and the far boundary should be about nine hundred and seventy feet that way.  The far corner stake should be, if memory serves me right about thirty feet back from the high water mark.  There used to be a rough road about here that ran down to a fishing shack that fell down years ago.  The road is probably overgrown.”
Millie asked, “How should we go about this?”
Shamus volunteered, “George and I will go find the survey stake and Millie, you and Butch try and find the best building site and then we’ll figure out where that is in relation to the boundaries and where a road can come in.”
Butch looked at George and they both looked at Shamus and nodded.  Shamus went and got some long stakes and tied old red cloth to two and a white cloth to two others. He handed the two white clothed stakes to Millie, “One for the site and one for the road entry start from the lot.”
Shamus and George started pacing off along the shore line and Millie and Butch walked about a hundred feet back inside the pine trees looking for a level site.  They’d gone maybe five hundred feet when they found the remains of the old fishing shack.  They stood admiring the lake view between the trees for about two minutes.  They didn’t say anything but walked around in an area about two hundred by two hundred looking between the pines.  
Butch looked at Millie, “This is an ideal spot.”
Millie put up one of the stakes in the middle of the area, “There was a reason the fishing camp was here.”  
They walked away from the water and Butch found it.  “Here’s the old road bed.”
  They walked it.  In the pine woods there was not much undergrowth and hardly any growth on the old road bed.  Butch kept poking at the road and then on either side with the stake he was carrying.  They walked all the way to the highway.”
Millie’s phone rang it was Shamus and she answered and Shamus asked, “Where are you?”
Millie answered, “We found the old road and followed it to the highway.  We’ll come back to the shore.”
As they walked back Butch offered his opinion. “You are sure blessed Millie.  You realize this is a pine needle covered rock and gravel road bed that has settled out for years.  It’s almost as straight as an arrow and will probably require very little work to prepare it for blacktop.”
They met George and Shamus at the shore. They took them to the site.  George looked around.
Millie said, “This is the place.”
Shamus smiled, “Probably five hundred feet from my home, two fifty from the dividing line and five hundred from the neighbor on the other side.”
They walked back to the truck in silence and when they got there Millie spoke.  “Ok we have the site and it is only about eighty feet from the shoreline and about six feet above the high water mark.  Gentle slope down to the beach.  That’s where you’ll build it George.”
George smiled, “Ok.”
Millie turned to Butch, “You need to tell me how much for the road.  It’s long but as you say straight.”
“I’ll dig some samples and see if it’s what I think underneath.  It’s ready for light construction traffic now.  I’ll test tomorrow and have a price to you in no time.”
“Ok.  George if you’ll stay a minute I have something for you.”  Butch left and Millie got her check out and gave it to George along with a signed agreement.  George said thanks and he left.
Shamus was smiling, “It’s going to be good to have you next door sis.”
“It will be good to be here.”
They went back to Shamus’s place where Millie topped off her fuel tanks and locked the pump back up and left.  She tied her boat up at the Lakeview lot and got in her vehicle and went to the diner to eat.  Doris was there and came to sit down.  As usual she brought a coffee pot.
Millie smiled as Doris slid into the booth, “How are you finding married life?”
Doris leaned forward and whispered, “This sex stuff is great.  If I’d known it was that good I don’t know if I would have been such a good girl.”
Millie couldn’t help it, but the innocent way Doris had said it set her off and she started laughing.
Doris turned red, “Hush.  Everybody’s looking.”
Millie started laughing harder and it was contagious so Doris started.  Josephine was curious to see what the laughter was all about and came over and said, “Be good girls now.”
Millie and Doris started up again and Josephine walked away in frustration.
Doris asked, “What’s new with you?”
“Well there’s good news and bad news.  The good news is Shamus sold me half his twenty acres and half his shoreline. The bad news is that’s where I’m building my new place so we won’t be neighbors.”
Doris whispered again, “The bright side is we’ll have a place we can hide out for girl time.”
Doris signaled to Josephine who came and took an order from both of them for lunch.
Millie had finished lunching with her friend Doris and was getting in her SUV when the phone rang.  It was Mitch and Millie sat down closed the door and answered.
Mitch said, “Hi Millie.”
“Hi Mitch, let me guess.  Seeing as you’re not back in town you got tied up on business and you won’t be back for our date tomorrow.”
“Ouch.  You are spot on.  Sorry.  I’ll make it up to you.  I just came into the hallway to call you.  I have to get back to the meeting.  I’m going to be gone a lot longer than I expected.  We are pre-selling units like crazy.  I’ll call when I’m headed back.”
Millie sat there thinking.  Would this be what a life with a man like Mitch would be like?  Was it really worth it?  He was rich and good looking, but so what.  Tom had planned to get out of the life that kept him gone so much.  A man like Mitch though might be addicted to power and wealth.  Millie considered she had been content with Tom living in married quarters.  She had been happy with him in their little cottage.  She didn’t need a man but it sure would be nice.  It might be interesting to see how much Mitch was around when the development started.
She considered all that had happened in less than two months.  It was surreal.  How could so much have been packed into such a short period?  It really made her think.
Millie went back to the office and called Paul about the end of the month changeover.  They discussed it at some length and then had a conference call with Cal.  They discussed the changeover and the change in coverage from the Troop.  As of June first the Troop would be providing leave coverage and back up.  The dispatcher would determine if an emergency required calling the State Police for assistance.  Millie and Cal both knew the City would significantly decrease their monthly flat rate payments to the State as of the first of June and it would be a much lower level of service per the contract.  Thanks to Mitch, Millie had a substantial budget for that.
At four o’clock Millie locked up and wished Wilma a good weekend.  Wilma asked her what she had planned.  Millie told her she was going to work tomorrow, go to church on Sunday and do some preliminary work on her new home idea.  
Millie called Josh and he picked up. “Hey Deputy have you got a life vest?”  
“Yes I have several.”
“Please bring one when you come.  I have only one in my boat.  See you in the morning.” 
 Millie phoned Doris and asked if she had any cans of spray paint.  Doris said she happened to have some in the portable storage shed behind the diner.  Millie asked her if she could have some and Doris said of course.   Millie drove to the diner.
Millie figured she might as well have supper while she was here.  Millie walked into the diner and greeted people as she went by on the way to her booth.  Doris came and sat.  This time she did not have a coffee pot, “Hey Millie. What’s the paint for?”
“I need to mark the trees I want to remove on my new land.  I’m going out there tomorrow afternoon and start marking them.  I want a view but not a barren lot.  I’m going to put an X on the one’s I want cut down.”  Millie looked at Doris, “Would you like to go with me.”
“Yes, that would be fun.  I’d love to see the place.”
“We’ll leave after lunch then.”  A thought occurred to Millie, “Have you heard from Jenny?”
“Yes, she’s doing well.  She plans to come back to work next week.”
Josephine was working and came over, “Do you know what you want Millie?”
“Yes.  Please bring me a chicken Caesar salad.  I’ll have ice tea to drink.”
Josephine asked Doris, “Do you want anything?”
Doris paused, “Yes, bring me the same.”  When Josephine left Doris asked Millie, “Are you lonely?”
“Yes a little.  I spent some time today thinking about Tom.  I am fortunate I will now be back close to Shamus and that I have good friends like you and Anna”
Doris smiled, “Would you like to have Anna come with us tomorrow?”  
Millie thought about it.  “No, I think tomorrow it should just be you and me.”
“I talked to Doc about a boat.  He said boats were holes in the water you throw money into.  I told him I would like a really nice hole and he laughed.  He said it was my money too and if I wanted to get a boat I should get one.  Would you ask Shamus to keep an eye out for us?  Doc said he would pay a ten percent purchase commission if we buy.”
Millie pulled out her phone, “No time like the present.”  She dialed Shamus as Doris listened, “Hi Shamus.  Doc and Doris need a boat.  Keep an eye open OK.  Let them know if you find something.  Yes they’ll pay you a couple of hundred if they buy what you find.  Ok, talk to you later.”  Millie looked at Doris and shrugged, “If you want to pay Shamus more go for it.  If you tell him you’re paying a percentage he’ll hear you want to buy something expensive.”
Doris was curious, “What are you going to do with the Lakeshore lot?”
“I’ll probably sell it when real estate goes through the roof which it will.  I can afford to hang onto it for a while.”
The food came and Millie started to eat but noticed Doris had her head bowed so Millie waited.  She thought that it wouldn’t hurt to thank God so she bowed her head and said in her mind, “Thank you God for the food.”
She looked up to see Doris smiling and they both dug in.  Millie told Doris about the land she was going to build the house on as they ate.  After eating Millie drove to Lakeview.  She parked as far down the drive as she could.  Butch had gotten a lot accomplished.  Half the concrete was gone and there was a large hole where it had been with a storm fence around it though the hole was only three to four feet deep.  As she walked around it she could see the patio had been dug up and the grill was gone.  She was walking toward the trailer when she saw Doc coming. 
“Hi Millie.  It seems strange without your house here.  They are working over at my place to replace the windows.  They already have half of them replaced.  They are doing them all so they all match because they couldn’t get replacements for the ones most badly damaged.  The gas company has been very obliging.  Why do you think that is?”
Millie almost told, but didn’t because of ‘the don’t say anything bad’ clause in the settlement papers.  She treated his remark as a rhetorical question.  “Yes they certainly have been quick to make things right.”
Millie went and sat on the temporary steps the trailer and Doc sat beside her.  He asked, “I understand you are not going to rebuild here?”
“No I’m not Doc.  I bought ten acres off my brother and I’m going to build there.  I’ll put this land up for sale when the market goes through the roof.”
“Would you consider a trade?”
Millie looked at him, “What do you have in mind?”
“We’ll trade you our share of Dor-Mil and Doris’s house.”
Millie quickly turned it over in her head.  The lot would probably bring two fifty in a year.   Doris’s place was worth one twenty five right now and they had seventy in Dor-Mil.   That meant the offer was for one ninety five.  “Why do you want this lot Doc?”  
“This is home. I have a hundred and twenty feet of beach and this would add two hundred. We plan to put an addition on the house and an attached garage.  That would require coming this way.  We’d like to build a patio like you had out back of our place but we are so close to the water we would have no back yard unless we have this property.  We’ll remove the hedges of course and build a privacy wall and your existing drive will curve around the front of our house where the garage and covered entrance way will be.”
Millie suddenly felt tired. “Ok Doc it’s a deal.  I’ll have Chris draw the papers after he finishes the work for Shamus and me.  I’ll still have Butch finish clearing this and backfilling it.”  Millie offered Doc her hand and they shook on it.
“You’ll be what, a half mile down the shore?”
Millie said, “Yes more or less. You know where Lakeview curves into the highway about a quarter mile from here, well you follow that around to the left a quarter of a mile and that’s about where I’ll be.  It’s inside the City limits so it’s still Bay Road.”
“How much shoreline will you have?”
Millie said, “I’ll have a little over seven hundred and about the same on the highway.”
 Doc whistled, “And I thought two hundred would be grand.  I’ll see you later Millie.  I want you to know we appreciate you doing this for us.”
Millie went inside as Doc walked away.  She was talking about Mitch being caught up in power and wealth and here she was wheeling and dealing on Friday night.  She thought herself a hypocrite.   She went to sleep early and rose early Saturday.  She dressed to look casual and actually wore her cross trainers, no cowboy boots.  She put on her running shorts and lots of heavy sunscreen.  Her long T-shirt hid her gun and badge.  She put her spare gun, cuffs and radio in a sports bag.  She went to her vehicle and took her portable GPS unit out and went back to the trailer and put it in the sports bag.  She made coffee and waited for Josh on the steps. Josh was right on time.
As he approached the trailer he said, “Good morning Marshal.”
Millie smiled, “Good morning Deputy.  Would you like a cup of coffee?”
“Yes please.”  Josh put the fishing gear down.
“Come on in.”  Millie got up and went inside with Josh following.  She motioned to one of the chairs and poured him a cup of coffee.
Millie said, “The drill for today is we are just a couple out fishing.   I have done some investigation and here’s what I expect will happen.  We’ll anchor a few hundred yards off the marina.  They will harass us.  We’ll move off and they’ll do it again.   I want to see at what distance they stop harassing us.  I have a GPS unit.  When they harass us we don’t react other than to move further away.  OK.”
“Got it.”
Millie smiled, “We may even catch a fish or two.  The boat has a depth finder so I can find the shoals and deep places.” 
Josh chuckled, “This will be the first time in my life I got paid to go fishing.”
They finished their coffee and loaded the boat.  
Millie put the keys in the ignition and started the engine, “Cast off Josh.”
Josh untied the lines and Millie engaged the prop and backed away from the dock.  She backed out far enough to swing around and then headed out on the lake.  It was a beautiful morning and Millie let the boat out a little.  The engine was humming and they were doing about twenty knots through the cool morning air.   Millie was enjoying it and Josh was smiling.  When they had run out about a half mile Millie turned toward the marina and they headed down the lake.   It wasn’t any time at all before they were approaching the marina and so Millie turned on the depth finder.  She found a shoal about three hundred yards off the marina and she ran to the far end.  
“This is it.  Let’s see which way the current carries us.”
They both put lures on their lines and started casting.  Millie had guessed right and the current was carrying the boat the length of the shoal.  On her third cast Millie got a strike.
She called out to Josh, “Got a strike!”  She worked a large bass toward the boat.  She almost had it in when Josh got a strike.  Millie had to grab the net and scoop the bass when she had it along side.  She hurried to get it out of the net so she could scoop Josh’s fish.  They were both nice size fish.  
Millie took the hooks from her fish and put it in the wet well and Josh did the same.  Millie heard the jet skis approach.  They started circling her boat making wake.  There was no way they could cast their lines.  Millie sat down and took out her GPS and took a reading of the spot and then motioned to Josh to put the rods up.  She started the engine but left it in neutral as he took a photo with her cell without being obvious.  
She started to move away slowly and the wave runners left.  She moved off slowly watching the depth finder and found another slightly deeper shoal about four hundred yards away.  Again she stopped over a shoal and again they started casting.
Josh was excited, “I have another strike!”  
Millie started to reel quickly to get her line in but suddenly she had a strike. “I’ve got one too.”  
They had just landed two more fish when the wave runners returned and started circling.  They managed to get the fish in the wet well before the boat started rocking too badly.  Millie repeated her routine and noted the GPS location and took a candid photo of the wave runners.
This time she moved off about five hundred yards before she found a shoal.  They got one cast in before the wave runners came in close and snagged one of their lines and broke it.  Millie told Josh, “Cut your line.” She took a GPS reading and moved off.   She started away and the wave runners followed them.   She moved a half mile off and they were still following.
Millie said enough of this and swung a hundred and eighty degrees and put the hammer down.  She shot between the two wave runners with the powerful eight cylinder engine planning the bow up out of the water.  The wave runners tried to follow but were not fast enough.  Millie ran directly toward the marina making a mental note of what she saw.  Josh was sitting there smiling, taking photos with his cell.
About two hundred yards off shore Millie turned hard up the lake.  The wave runners were far behind.  She ran up the lake but the wave runners did not try to follow.  Millie had a hunch and ran out to the middle of the lake.  It occurred to her the lake was ideal for float planes because the chop rarely got significant.  The lake was long and relatively narrow and the prevailing winds came across the narrow part of the lake but were seldom very strong.
Millie found a shoal and they fished it with some success.
Josh stated the obvious, “We caught fish down at the end because no one fishes there.  The further up the lake you go the harder it gets.”
Millie looked at her watch, “I predict in the next fifteen minutes a float plane will come in.”   It actually came seventeen minutes later.
Josh asked, “How did you know.”
Millie answered, “I just put together all the observations the team made.  These planes are more regular than the big airlines.  OK, take in your lines we are heading out.”
Millie ran toward the shore near Shamus’s dock and then turned and slowly crept along parallel to the shoreline very slowly.   She was on her second pass coming back toward Shamus’s dock when she saw it.  She put the props in neutral and drifted.
Josh asked, “What are you doing Marshal?”
“Seeing what my new home site looks like from the water.”  Millie thought it would be a marvelous commanding view and she would be well screened from the neighbors.  It was just high enough from a boat you would be looking up at it.  She smiled.
Millie pulled away from the shore. She turned to Josh, “How would you like to take a run up to Longview?”
“I’d really enjoy it.”
Millie turned the boat toward Longview and put the throttles forward to cruising speed.  The humming of the engine was calming to Millie.  They were at Longview within twenty minutes and Millie approached the public docks and eased the boat in.  Josh tied up.  The main street ran parallel to the Lake and so did the public dock which was two blocks long.
Millie locked her sports bag away and they went to the pier.  The restaurant Millie remembered was still there and she walked up the stairs from the dock and sat at a table overlooking the dock.  Millie said to Josh, “I know you brought lunch so breakfast is on me.”
Millie ordered the Texas toast breakfast sandwich with egg, baked ham and cheese with coffee.  Josh had the sandwich with egg, bacon and cheese.  They were waiting for their order when she saw him.  “Look there Josh.  That fellow seems very interested in our boat.  I’ll be back in a minute.”
Millie went down the stairs and sat down on a bench not twenty feet from where her boat was moored.  She watched him he knelt down and looked inside the boat.  He took a pad out and as he did Millie saw he was carrying.
She spoke out, “You like the boat.”
The man stood up.  “It’s very nice.  Is it yours?”
“Yes.”
The man walked up to her, “He flashed a badge.  I notice you have a bulge.  You carrying?”
“Yes.”
The man suddenly recognized her, “You’re Millie Boyd.”
Millie offered her hand, “And you are Jed Goode.  One of my Deputies and I are having breakfast at the Dockside.  Would you care to join us?”
“Sure.”
Millie went back up the stairs and Josh was sitting facing them.  He had switched places to keep an eye on her.  Millie did the introductions, “Jed this fellow is Josh Miller, Josh this curious fellow is Jed Goode the Chief here.”
Jed offered his hand, “Curiosity comes with the territory.”
Josh replied, “It certainly does.”
Millie and Jed sat down.
Jed inquired, “What brings you here Millie?”
“I just purchased the boat and we went fishing.  After we caught what we wanted I thought to run up here and see how my new toy cruised.”
A grin spread over Jed’s face, “I get the feeling you might have been fishing for something very special.”
Millie asked, “Do you get much traffic up here from our end of the lake?”
Jed shook his head, “We get a few fishermen and your brother picks up fishing parties but other than that now much.”
“How about traffic in the other direction.
Jed sighed deeply, “Your end of the lake has a really bad reputation as a haven for redneck hooligans.  I’ve had reports of people being harassed by drunken men on wave runners and in speed boats.  I’ve heard of threats and of boats being bumped or being rocked violently by the wake of circling fast boats.   I complained in the past and our Mayor even complained to your past Mayor.  Nothing resulted from those communications.  I hope you can do something about it.”
Millie smiled, “Me too but it may take a little while.”
The food came and Millie and Josh ate while Jed told them about what was happening in Longview.  Millie remembered sitting there how the community had gotten its name.  You could see the lake stretching out of sight.  
As Millie was finishing her sandwich Jed asked, “I heard a rumor you were going to have some development at your end of the lake.”
“It’s no rumor.”
Jed inquired, “How big a development?”
“It will be large.  It includes a hotel, condos, golf course, and retail stores.  The initial phase investment will be about a hundred million dollars.”
Jed whistled, “So it’s true?”
Millie had finished her sandwich and she wiped her mouth.  “Jed I have heard good things about you and I hope we can work together in the future.  I have a feeling both our communities are going to grow.  We’d better be getting back.”  Millie stood and offered her hand and Jed shook it.
Jed said, “You are welcome anytime.”
“Thanks Chief, I imagine I’ll run up here from time to time to have a meal and shop in the boutique stores.”
Josh put his hand out, said, “Sir,” and they shook hands.  Millie went and paid the bill.
As they made ready to leave, Josh commented, “This has been a very informative morning.”
Millie smiled, “Oh has it ever.  When you get back to the office how about writing a report on your take of our investigation this morning?”  
Josh knew it was a polite order phrased as a request, “Will do Marshal.”
They enjoyed the return trip and Millie stayed close to the shoreline.  She noticed quite a few homes built on the steep cliffs by the lake.  She noticed how steps had been built down to docks.  Her mind started turning.
When they got back Millie helped Josh unload and carry the fishing gear back to his car.  It was not even eleven o’clock.  Millie went into her trailer and changed and then drove along Bay Road until it became the state highway and went uphill.  The lakeshore here was higher than the lake and Millie saw a for sale sign on the lake side of the highway.  She pulled over and got out.  
She thought the highway couldn’t be more than a hundred and fifty feet from the cliff.  Millie had to go right up to the sign to read it for it was weather worn.  The land had been for sale for a long time.  She noted the phone number on the for sale sign.  The land was not fenced and was pine woods through which she could see the lake.  She walked to the lake.  The cliffs here were about six feet above the lake.  That wasn’t as high as some of the land she had seen at the other end of the lake.  From here to that area within a mile of Longview the highway hugged the shore and there would be no significant development along the winding stretch.
Millie knew from her employment as secretary at the City Office that the water district lines and the sewer lines ran by here although they were on the landward side of the highway.  She called the number which was a Longview number.  Millie called and left a voice mail with her first name and cell number saying she would like to know about property listing number fourteen ninety six  just outside of Safe Haven.  Millie drove to the diner and went in and sat down in her booth.  Doris came and sat.  Millie thought she looked really tired. 
“I had to work all night because my shift manager and night waitress called in sick.”
Millie commented, “I thought you looked tired.”
“Can we put off our get together until tomorrow?  When my afternoon shift shows up I’m going home to sleep.”
“No problem Doris.  I’m not as energetic as usual either.  It has been a long six weeks and I’m just about worn out.”
Doris got up, “I’ve got to get back to work.”
Millie ordered a coffee and a grilled cheese sandwich.  She ate it slowly, paid and left.  Millie got back to the Lakeview lot and went directly to the dock and sat in the one Adirondack chair and watched the waves come in.
After a bit she got in her boat and went to look at the high land she had phoned about.  Everything looked different from the water.  The so called cliffs really weren’t that high and she could see that there was about four or five feet of rocky level shore beneath the land.  She went in close very slow with her depth finder on.  About five feet from the shore there was a steep drop and the water was perhaps fifteen feet deep.  This had possibilities for the future.
Her phone rang and Millie answered, “Hello.”
“This is Susan Hahn, of Hahn Realty, is this Millie?”
“Yes it is.”
“I believe you called about a listing just outside of Safe Haven?”
“Would you tell me about it Susan?”
“It is a strip of land along the shore about one hundred and thirty five to one hundred and seventy five feet deep but a little over twenty three hundred feet long.  There are services on the other side of the highway and the land is subdivided into twenty two lots about one hundred one hundred and twenty wide to one hundred with the widest lots being where the depth is least.”
Millie asked the obvious question, “What is the asking price?”
“The asking price is seventy five thousand but the vendor is an estate and will consider offers.”
Millie thought for a moment, “I’d like to make an offer.  I live in Safe Haven.”
“When would you like to meet?  I am available after three o’clock to show the property.  I’m in the area to present another offer.”
Millie smiled and thought that sometimes agents could be really dense.  “I’ve walked the property and am prepared to make an offer.  I can meet you at the OK Corral Diner here in Safe Haven at three. ”
“How will I know you Millie?”
“I’m a regular so just ask any of the staff.”
The agent finished, “I’ll see you at three.”
Millie still had an hour so she sat thinking.  The land would be worth every cent of the asking price but it had been for sale for a long time and people here did not value it yet.  The economy was bad and it was very difficult for people to get mortgages.  She made a decision.
At three o’clock Millie walked into the diner, and Josephine came to her and pointed to the lady sitting in her booth, “She said she had business with you so I sat her at your booth.”
Millie said, “Thank you, would you bring me some coffee please Josephine.”
Millie went to the table and introduced herself, “Hi I’m Millie Boyd.” Millie sat down, took off her hat and offered her hand which the agent shook.
 “I’m Susan Hahn and I am pleased to meet you.”  
Millie observed that Susan was very well dressed in what might be called business casual attire.  She had an air of confidence about her.  Millie liked her style though it was not one Millie would take to.
Susan pulled some papers from her attaché slash laptop case.  “You said you wanted to make an offer so I took the liberty of drafting an offer with the listing particulars leaving your name and the price and some other small items blank.  What do you want to offer?”
Millie smiled, “I am prepared to offer fifty thousand cash with a one week closing and I will give you a five thousand dollar deposit.   My name is spelled M-i-l-l-i-e and the last name is B-o-y-d.  My address is 1120 Lakeview, Safe Haven.  My real estate attorney is Chris Boyd in Mountain View.  The vendor is to provide a copy of the plot plan.   You already have my cell number.  I want a response by Monday at noon please.”
Susan had filled out the offer and Millie read it.  “Do you have the subdivision plot on your laptop?”
“I can access it.”  Susan pulled out her laptop and brought the plot up and swung the laptop around so Millie could see.
Millie compared the plot plan to the offer description.  She took the offer, read it, and signed it.  Millie took out a check and made the deposit out and handed it to Susan.
Susan tore off a copy of the offer and handed it to Millie and said, “You know what you want.  I like the way you do business.”  She handed Millie a business card, “Perhaps we can do business again.”
Millie put out her hand and they shook as Millie said, “We probably will do business again.”
Millie went to the office and Josh’s hard copy of the report of the morning’s events was already on her desk.  Before reading it she wrote her own version.  When she was done she compared them.  They had perceived things differently and each had some minor details the other didn’t.  Millie copied them both and locked the originals in the file cabinet.
Millie went to the diner and ate then went back and sat at the dock reading her book.  When it got dark she went to bed.
On Sunday Millie slept in a little late but was still ready for church early.  She was sitting drinking a cup of coffee, her feet dangling off the dock when Doris came toward her.  She had a cup in her hand also and called, “Good morning Millie.”
Millie looked up and smiled and waved.  Doris went and sat down beside her.
Doris sighed, “I feel much better this morning.  I came home yesterday afternoon and slept right through until about six this morning.  Doc does that kind of thing all the time and I don’t know how he copes.”
“I suppose you get used to it,” Millie offered.
 “Are you going to church this morning?”
“Uh huh.  I’ll see you there.”
The friends sat there quietly watching the waves roll in and drinking coffee.  After a while Doris touched Millie’s shoulder and got up and left.
Millie was thinking about her ma.  She supposed ma had been a true believer though Millie still did not understand what that meant.  She had gone to church, read the Bible, supported the church financially and prayed for her children. Millie knew that because she had once heard her ma imploring God to save her children though from what Millie did not know. Millie did still not understand what her mother knew but ma did have an inner peace about her.
That morning at church Millie put the check in the offering plate.  She did it mostly because she thought it was what ma would have done.  She thought she was doing it for that reason and because ma had often said that people had to serve by giving legs to the church.  Millie had no illusions that she was anything but a servant of the people.
Sunday at lunch Millie ate at the diner.  None of her friends were there but Millie was enjoying some alone time.  After lunch, Josephine opened the storage shed so Millie could get some spray paint.  She went to the new home site and got there by driving on the old road.  She could hear the gravel under the pine needles and grass crunching.  The place where the home would be was mainly just a couple of new growth samplings and Millie sprayed them.  
She paced off and sprayed a line on the ground where the house outer walls would approximately be.  Then she allowed for a fire break and was marking trees when Shamus showed up.  Millie heard him coming.
Shamus called out, “Hi sis.”
“Hi Shamus.  I was getting the site I wanted cleared ready.”
Shamus looked at the lines on the ground, “It’s not going to be as grand as the last one, is it?”
“No it isn’t.  It will be plenty large enough for my needs.  I’m just a townie at heart.”
Shamus came to where she was standing. “Let me guess.  There will be about a forty foot wide clearing to the water just about where we are standing with a dock just to one side so you can just see your boat.”
Millie smiled, “We do think alike.  There will be a big deck here where the ground starts to fall away with a stone propane grill about over there.” 
Shamus smiled, “Give me one of them cans and I’ll help you mark the trees down to the water.”
Millie gave him a can and they were like kids.  They joked and cut up as they worked.  When they got to the beach they decided where the dock would go and painted an arrow pointing toward the water.  Whether it would still be visible on the stones by the time the dock was built was questionable but they didn’t really care about practicalities.
Shamus went to fetch two cold beers and Millie sat on the ground and waited for him.  He came back, handed her one and sat down beside her.
Shamus looked at his sister, “I’m glad you’ll be here.  It’s just you and me now sis.”
Millie sighed, “I know.  Maybe someday we will both find someone new and the place will be filthy with snot nosed kids jumpin’ in the water and generally making a nuisance of themselves.”
To Millie’s surprise Shamus said, “That would be nice.”
Millie looked at him, “I didn’t know you wanted kids.”
Shamus put his head down, “It’s how we found out about the cancer.  We’d been trying for a long time and nothing was happening.  Doc sent us to a specialist in the big city.  He was the one who told us.  She only lasted six months.  I didn’t have near long enough you know.”  
Tears started flowing from his eyes and Millie put her arm around him.  She did know.  They sat there just being together for a long time.
Millie was starting to get hungry, “C’mon brother and I’ll buy you supper.”
It was a busy Sunday night at the diner and it was good for Millie and Shamus to be there.   Being around so many friends and acquaintances cheered them up.  Afterwards, Millie drove Shamus home and turned in.
Millie had finished her morning run and was at the office early.  She reviewed the reports and updated the flight observation spreadsheet.  She printed off a copy and put it with a copy of the written reports.  She then transferred the cell phone photos to her desk PC and printed hardcopies and made a disc of them.  She checked her email and found the photos Josh had taken with his cell, downloaded and forwarded.  She printed his off and added them to the disc.  She sent an E-mail to everyone telling them there would be a staff meeting at eight on Friday.  She was shutting down when Terry who was on duty came in.
 “Hi Marshal.”
“Hi Terry, how is it going?”
Terry smiled, “Just the way I like it, quiet.”
“Good.  Let’s hope it stays that way.   I have to go to Mountain View this morning.  There’s as staff meeting at eight Friday.  Tell the team to pass it along we’ll be talking about the progress of the investigation.”
Terry nodded, “I make sure the guys know.  See you.”
Millie headed for Mountain View and when she arrived her first stop was at the Troop B Office.  She went to the desk where she was greeted warmly, “Good morning Marshal.  How are you?”
Millie smiled warmly, “If I was any better I would be twins.”
This resulted in, “That’s a good one Marshal.  I’ll have to remember that one.”
Millie leaned on the counter, “Is the boss in?”
“Yes, come in and get a coffee and I’ll let him know you are here.”  Millie could not for the life of her remember the individual’s name so she smiled and went through as she was buzzed in.  She went to the coffee maker and got herself a cup.  She heard a voice behind her.
“What do you know Marshal?”
Millie turned toward the voice, “Not as much as I once thought I did and not as much as I should Kevin.”
Sergeant Kevin James smiled.  Millie supposed it was at being remembered.  It was in fact something else, “I will have to remember that one Marshal.  I like it.  That one you made up or one you heard?”
“Far as I know I have the bragging rights.”
Kevin said, “The boss sent me for you.”
Millie followed as Kevin led the way.  They went in Cal’s office and she shook hands with him.
He got right to it, “What’s up?”
You might want to read these reports and look at the photos and spreadsheets.  He did.  After reviewing them he stood up, “Let’s go talk to our DEA friends.”
Millie remarked, “So they’re still here.”
They walked to an office where the two agents had set up office.  Millie spoke to them, “You might find this helpful, I noticed some of the recurring patterns in the book match these.”  She pointed to the spreadsheets.  “Some of the tail numbers struck a chord in my memory as well.”
The lady agent looked at them, “Crap, this is the key.  It’s so simple.”  She started working furiously on her computer.
Her colleague held out a hand, “You must be Marshal Boyd.  I’m Charles Jones and my colleague working so furiously is Shelly Trask.  I hope you will forgive her manners but we have been working very long hours on this and getting nowhere.  It seems you have brought us a Christmas present.”
Shelly screamed it, “Eureka!  We’ve got the whole ball of wax.”  The agent picked up the cell phone and everyone was listening.  “Boss we have it.  Marshal Boyd brought us the key and we have it all.  It contains names, times, dates, flights, manifests, value, tail numbers, GPS points of origin and destination, everything.  It’s task force time so you’d better get down here.  Yes sir!” 
Shelly hung up and looked up admiringly at Marshal Boyd.  “How did you figure all this out?”
Millie shrugged, “Old fashioned police work and a good team.  I imagine you know all about a good team that the boss gets all the credit for.”   Millie smiled broadly.
Shelly laughed, “And I bet you did not tell them what to look for.”
Millie shrugged.
Cal said it, “Well I suppose we’d better get our routine work done before the tsunami hits when the task force arrives.”
Millie interjected, “I have appointments to clear as well.  See you all later.”  She shook hands with everyone and left.  
It was a short drive to Chris’s office but on the way the phone rang.  Millie answered.
“Hi Millie, Susan Hahn here.  You have bought yourself a property.  I am going to be in Mountain View this morning and I can drop off a signed copy of the contract at your lawyer’s office if you would like?”
“Thank you Susan that would be great.”
Susan replied, “OK, let me know if there’s anything else I can do for you.”
“Do you have any other lakefront listings for vacant land at my end of the lake?
Susan said, ”Yes.  I’ll put some information together for you.”
When Millie arrived she only had to wait a few minutes for Chris to finish with the client he was with.  She was ushered in and Chris stood up and hugged her.
“The papers for your purchase from Shamus aren’t ready yet.  I told Shamus they wouldn’t be until after lunch.”
“I know but it is some new business I want to talk to you about.  Here is the copy of an offer on some property.  The agent is going to drop the signed contract off here today.  As well, Doc and Doris want to trade me their ownership in Dor-Mil and Doris’s house for my Lakeview property.  I would like you to draw the documents please.”
Chris looked at her, “You are becoming quite the wheeler and dealer Millie.  Good for you.  I will be happy to handle these and any other transactions for you.  You might want to hire a tax pro though.  Mine is very good and I can arrange for him to help you.  The sale of your principle residence and the insurance on the house probably isn’t taxable but the speculative sales will be taxable income.  ”
Millie was pleased with his concern, “Thanks for the advice Chris.  I also need a broker for other investments.  I need some regular income.  Any ideas?”
Chris took a card from his desk, “This is our Edward Jones person.  Cynthia is very good and will help you with your investments.  I’d offer to have lunch with you but I will be at my desk.  I have a very busy day.”
“I bet some of it has to do with Shamus and me.”
“Yes, I have a surveyor friend who is going to give me reference points to use on the deed to split the land down the middle.  They will be based on the original survey he did for Shamus’s land.  That OK?”
“You betcha.  See you later Chris.”
Millie left and went to see Paul at the alarm company.  She gave him a set of plans of the new house and asked if he would have her favorite installers Bill and Kenny come up with a plan and price.  She also told him the office needed an alarm system and asked him to give her a price. Millie then headed for Seth’s.  She entered the outer door and waited at the inner.  He came to the counter and buzzed her in.
Seth said, “Hi Millie.  I hear you’ve had some excitement.”
“Yes.  I am more convinced than ever I need your help.”
Seth smiled, “He went to the end of the counter and pulled out some plans.  This will only protect the driver and passenger and only against small arms.  It is relatively cost effective but it will buy you time to bail and respond.  Here is what we would have to do and where we would stow weapons.”
Seth unrolled and showed her the rough sketches.  He then told her how much it would cost, how long it would take and when they could do it.  It was a homemade but effective plan that was very cost effective, ingenious, and practical though it would add about two hundred pounds to her vehicle weight.    Millie then showed Seth her house plans and discussed them in some detail.  Seth said he would have to rethink the plan but he would use the same ideas.  Millie thanked him and went to Don’s Dealership.  Don was in his office so Millie got to see him.  He waved her in as she approached.  She closed the door as she went in.
“Hi Don.”
Don said, “Hello Marshal.  What can I do for you?”
“I would like to rent a vehicle for a week while mine has some work done.”
Don frowned, “Millie I thought you would come to me if you had problems.  I am disappointed.”
Millie said firmly, “I need you to promise me this won’t go any further.”
Don nodded agreement understanding she was serious, “Agreed.”
Millie stated, “It’s not that kind of work.  The modifications are very special and meant to protect me from bad guys.”
Don assumed she was having the vehicle armored and frowned again, “You think that is really necessary?”
“You know what they say Don an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure and it’s not paranoia if they are really out to get you.”
 Don was all serious, “When do you need the loaner?”
“Starting Friday and probably for a week.”
Don asked, “Does whoever is doing it know what they are doing or are they likely to bugger up the wiring?”
“Oh they know what they are doing I can assure you.  Thanks Don, I appreciate your help.”
Millie put out her hand and they shook.
All Don could think to say was, “Good luck Marshal.”
When she left Don sat there thinking about all the times she had been shot at this last couple of months and decided if he was her and could afford it, he would be careful too.  He was glad she wasn’t really the gunslinger she was portrayed in the media.  He knew the folks around here realized it too.  She had been in office a month and already had the finest small local police force in the County and maybe the state.  He believed she would hold it together too.
It was almost lunchtime so Millie went and bought a half sub and a drink and went to the Mountain View Municipal Park and ate at a picnic table under a small pavilion.  She was eating peacefully when she noticed the first man.  She had to take her sunglasses off and look for the reflection in them to see the other behind her.  She laid the glasses on the table.  The one behind her started to approach and Millie got up and started to clean up watching the reflection in the glasses placed strategically on the table.  The man was about eight feet away when Millie turned and said, “Good morning.”
The man pulled a knife and barked, “Your keys and your wallet bitch.”  The other man was now approaching from her left.
Millie in one swift movement had her pistol out and aimed at the man with the knife, “Freeze, police!  You’re under arrest.”  
The man lunged at her and she shot him in the knee and he went down.   She side stepped the falling man and pivoted facing the other.  The other man had a small twenty two revolver half drawn when Millie said, “That would not be a smart move!  Drop it!”
The man let go of the pistol and it clattered to the ground.  The other man lying on the concrete was moaning and Millie moved to keep him between her and his friend.   The other man was now reaching for the sky and Millie ordered, “Turn around.  Hands behind your head.  On your knees.  Cross your ankles.”  The man was slow to respond, “Cross your ankles.  You do not want to end up like your friend.”  The man crossed his ankles.  Millie kicked the knife away and got on her cell using her left hand while keeping the pistol trained.  She called the emergency number.  In a matter of three minutes three police cars and an ambulance were on the scene.
The men were in custody when Bill arrived.  Millie handed him her gun.
Bill pointed at a video camera.  “We have the whole thing.”
Millie sighed in relief, “Good.  I just came to eat lunch.  Who’d believe it in broad daylight?”
Bill smiled, “I would.  They’ve done it twice before in other neighborhoods and we were looking for them.  They cut a woman last time.  We were afraid they were escalating.”
“One said you called police freeze and arrested them.  That may be a problem, not for us but the prosecutor as you are out of your jurisdiction.”
 Millie took out the state card, “I’m not.”
Bill looked at the state card.  “Our chief has one of these but he had to wait a decade to get it.   Good thing he’s not the jealous type.   You have another weapon to use while we have the one used in the shooting?”
“It’s locked in my SUV.”
Bill asked, “How many shots?”
“One, the one I put in his knee when he came at me with the knife.”
Bill simply said, “Please follow me to the station because we will need an arrest report from you.”
Millie shrugged, “No problem.”
Millie used a PC at the station to do her report.  She reviewed it and spell and grammar checked it and signed it.  She made a copy made for her then brought the original to Bill’s office with a copy of the card Cal had given her.  Bill was there watching the video with the Chief looking over his shoulder when she handed it t him.
Ned looked up, “Hi Millie.  You sure are cool under pressure.  That was by the book.  No fault there.  It even shows our guys reading them their rights even as the medics were administering aid to the one.  Good collar.”
Millie smiled, “Thanks Ned.  I’m late for an appointment. If you guys don’t need me anymore I’ll be heading out.”
Ned nodded, “We’ll call if we need anything else.”
Millie got a lot of comments like way to go, good collar, congratulations and such as she walked through the office.  At the reception desk Millie stopped, “Hi Amy.  Good to see you again.  How are they treating you?”
Amy smiled, “I love working here and everybody is so friendly yet professional.  I am very content.  It is nice of you to stop and say hi.”
“We girls do have to stick together,” Millie said as she turned and left.  She thought boy I sure love being a cop.
Millie left and went to Chris’s office and signed the documents for the purchase of the property from Shamus and left a check for the balance.  She was no longer a millionaire.  She also signed the agreement for the trade with Doc and Doris.  Chris said he would call Doc and Doris to come in.   Susan had left the signed contract for the lakefront lots and an envelope for Millie with listings.  Millie took the listings with her when she left.
When Millie left Chris’s office, she called Cynthia at Edward Jones.  Millie introduced herself and told her Chris had given her a referral.  Cynthia asked what kind of services Millie needed and Millie told her she wanted to invest to produce an income.  Cynthia asked her how much she wanted to invest and Millie said about a quarter million to start.  That got Cynthia’s attention and she found room in her schedule to meet Millie in half an hour.
Millie liked Cynthia’s direct approach.  The advisor suggested a blend of mutual funds with some aggressive and some moderate risk given her age and comfort with risk.  Millie told Cynthia that she meant to keep a substantial cash reserve so she could wait out any downturns.  Millie did indeed write quarter of a million dollar check.
Millie then went to the bank where the manager came out to see her.  
The manager was very friendly, “Marshal Boyd, a pleasure to see you this morning.  You’ve had a busy day.”
“You do not know the half of it.”   He didn’t either.
The manager asked, “What can we do for you today?
“I’d like to find out what you are paying on your certificates of deposit thirty, sixty, ninety and one hundred an eighty day.”
The manager slid a chart across the desk to her.
Millie looked at it, “I am very disappointed.  Your competitors are offering almost a half a percent more across the board on the short term and three quarters of a percent more on the longer term.”
The manager smiled, “I am sure we could oblige and do that.  How much do you intend to put in?”
“I would like seventy five thousand of each please.”
Millie sat there thinking to herself  it was a few months ago I was worrying about when my unemployment check would get here and today I invested seventy five grand in real estate, two hundred and fifty thousand in stocks, and three hundred thousand in certificates of deposit and I still have a small fortune in my accounts.
The manager arranged the paper work and when they were finished he thanked Millie.  Millie smiled her polite smile, “I have a friend who works here, would it be alright if I take just a moment and talk to her.  She’s the reason you have my accounts.”  That was true too, for Roberta was the one who had been so nice her when things were tough and only had a few dollars in the accounts.
“Of course it would be alright Marshal Boyd.”
Millie got up and left his office and walked over to Roberta at her teller window, “Hi, how are you.”
“I am very well thank you Millie.  The manager is watching us.”
Millie laughed lightly, “That is because I asked him if I could take a moment and talk to my friend who is responsible for my accounts being at this bank.  I suppose he wanted to see who that was.”
Roberta laughed out loud.
Millie teased her, “It’s not funny.  You treated me the same when I was broke as you do now.  He on the other hand has only taken an interest since I became rich and famous.  I’d like to deposit these paychecks and take two fifty out please.”  Roberta filled out slips which Millie signed and Roberta counted out the cash.   As she was leaving Millie said, “Thank you and take care Roberta.”
Roberta smiled, “You made my day and thank you.”
Millie walked out waving to the manager.  She knew she would be spending a substantial amount of her remaining cash on the house.  She figured that would be about another one fifty. She needed money to live on but she would have over one hundred and fifty grand left in her savings and checking even if she did not sell any more land.  That would last her several more years without drawing down her investments even if she weren’t drawing a salary which she was.  This high finance was giving her a headache.
Millie drove back to Safe Haven and went to the diner.  She went and much to her surprise she was met with applause and good wishes.  She smiled and waved and went to her booth and Doris came over.
“Hail the conquering hero.”
Millie asked, “What’s that all about?”
It was Doris’s turn to be shocked.  “You really don’t know?”
“Nope.”
Doris chuckled, “Your face is splashed all over the evening newscasts.  The headlines are something like ‘Marshal Thwarts Bad Guys Again’ and ‘Dumb Thugs Try Marshal’.  The story of how you single handedly ended the big city crime spree is all over the news.”
Millie smiled and waved at some new folks who had come in and were waving vigorously at her.  “This keeps up and I won’t be able to eat in peace.”        
Doris laughed, “You love it!”
Millie responded, “Yes I do.  I wonder how long I can keep this pace up though.”
A waitress came over and took Millie’s order but Doris just wanted coffee.
Millie sat back, “I talked to Chris today.”
“I know he called me and said he would have the papers ready by Wednesday probably.”
Millie was in a teasing mood, “I don’t look forward to evicting the Pastor.”
Doris topped mid sip of her coffee, “You wouldn’t?”  She paused.  “That reminds me.  Pastor Dan was looking for you.  He doesn’t have your cell number and I don’t give it out.”
Millie asked not expecting an answer, “I wonder what he wants.”
Doris said teasing Millie, “Probably worried about you evicting him.  Doc and I have been making plans.  Did you know Butch finished the lot today?” 
“No I didn’t.  What does it look like?”
Doris said, “Like all the work he does; it looks very good.  You wouldn’t know a house had been there except for the driveway.”
Butch came in with his wife Peggy.  Millie motioned for them to come over, “Want to join us?”
Peggy said, “Sure.”
Doris got up and sat with Millie who got up so she could be on the outside.  When everyone had settled in Doris said, “The lot looks real good Butch.”
“Thanks Doris.  It was easier than I thought it would be.”  Butch reached into his pocket and took out an envelope and gave it to Millie.  
Millie opened it.  The bill was for fifty nine hundred dollars.  Millie said, “I’ll give you a check when we finish.  Thank you.”
Josephine came and took the order from Peggy and Butch. 
Doris asked Peggy, “Did you just get off shift?”
“Yes, I’m off for two days now.  It’s been busy.  The new summer staff will be arriving soon for their internships and that will make things easier.  When the development starts we will have to add staff.  The clinic like everything else will grow.”
Butch spoke to Millie while Doris and Peggy were talking.  “I tested that road.  It is in excellent shape and has a good foundation.  I’d just run a blade over it and put some new gravel on it.  If you want a fancy road I can get prices for asphalt and it’s very expensive right now because of the cost of oil.  You could probably get a concrete drive for a little bit more.  The plumbers came to me about ditching for the water and sewer lines.  I have that ditching machine and it goes fast. I shot the slope and the land drops off back to the highway along the road so you shouldn’t need a pumping system for your sewer.  I suggested right next to the road for the pipe as it is already cleared.  This is the price I gave them so don’t let them jack you around.  I guesstimated the price of pipe too.  All our secret.”  Butch slipped her a piece of paper.
Millie thought for a moment, “Thanks Butch.  I’ll keep this between us.  You know I’m just a townie girl and a gravel road will be fine so go ahead and do it.”
Butch wasn’t finished, “I gave your friend a price for his road for his new house.  Mitch gave me the job but I can’t start just yet until he finishes some survey work.  He says he’ll keep me busy for a couple of years ‘cause I’m fair and dependable.  Nice of him.”
“Yeah, Mitch will take care of you if you watch out for him.  He treats his friends well.  I need someone to cut and remove trees from my site.  They are all marked.  Do you want to do that too?”
“Sure, I appreciate the work.  Jobs like that though I have to do by the hour.  Things have been slow for the last couple of years but I think they are going to open up shortly.  We may end up not having to rely on Peggy’s paycheck to keep us afloat.”
Millie nodded, “I hope we are all heading into a boom time.  It’s been a long time coming and we are ready.”   Millie thought about the growth and the police department, “At least I hope we’re ready.”
Chapter 13 - Boiling Point
 Millie had just arrived at the trailer and was pouring herself a glass of cold water when her cell rang.  She looked at it and it was Cal.
“Hi Cal.  What’s up?”
Cal asked, “Can you get your team together and be here in two hours?”
Millie knew it was hitting the fan,“Let me make calls and I’ll hit the road.”  Millie made four quick calls.  Everyone would be there by the allotted time.  
Millie went and put her uniform shirt, cap and vest on.  She grabbed her spare pistol and the extra holster and went with two guns. She drove to the back door of the station and backed up to it.  She went to the weapons locker and got the four weapons cases and put them into her vehicle, locked the back door, and drove toward Mountain View.  Her weapons case was already locked in the back of her SUV.
She arrived at the barracks an hour and five minutes after she had received the call.  Millie went to the desk and the officer waved her on and opened the electric lock.  Millie went to the coffee machine and took a cup of coffee.  She went to the conference room.  A tall athletic looking man who had an imposing presence came to Millie. 
“I take you are Marshal Boyd.” 
Millie smiled, “Yes I am.  Who do I have the pleasure of talking with?”
The big man smiled, “I don’t intimidate you in the least do I?”
Millie took a sip of coffee and shook her head, “No.  As far as I know you are not a registered voter in my City.”
The man laughed and offered his hand, “I’m agent Alphonso Rodriguez.”
Millie offered her hand and they shook.  He shook firmly but not with dominance.  “You got here quite quickly.  As soon as everybody gets here we’ll start.  What’s your guess Marshal?”
It was an intuitive answer, “Drugs in, guns and money out.”
Rodriguez laughed, “If we didn’t need search and arrest warrants we wouldn’t need all these others would we.”
Millie shrugged, “It’s called the rule of law and I have sworn to uphold it.”
“We have a problem, we need two fast boats that will hold four officers and none of the police forces around here have boats.  I have been able to get one but it is small.  Only three men will fit into it.”
Millie smiled, “I have a fast eight cylinder inboard twenty four footer that will hold six officers with ease and does 35 knots without straining.  We can use it if you will replace it if it gets shot up.”
Rodriguez smiled, “Yours?”
“Yes.  It’s moored in the City and ready to go.  I just need some life jackets with police on them.”
“How about DEA on them?”
Millie shrugged, “That will work but it might hurt my reputation.”
Rodriguez chuckled, “You’ll be our boat captain then.”
At the appointed time the briefing started.  Rodriguez started with finding out about the local officers.  He was taking a skills inventory.  When it came to Millie’s team Millie could tell Rodriguez was impressed by the backgrounds and the weapons they had.  Millie observed him and knew he was inventorying resources on the run.
Rodriguez said that according to Marshal Boyd’s schedule the next plane was scheduled for ten the next morning, give or take five minutes.  The seizure of the plane would set off a cascade of raids.  Rodriguez laid out the plan.  There would be two boats involved in the operation, Marshal Boyd’s and another that would be launched at the public dock in the early morning.  It was a conservation department boat and these were common on the lake and would not draw attention until the agents got into it heavily armed with their gear.    The boat captained by Marshal Boyd would carry one of her Deputies, two DEA agents, and one ATF agent. 
Rodriguez asked Millie’s Deputies about positions to contain the marina.  Jason, Rob and Josh had specific recommendations about the high positions and lanes of fire.  They suggested three positions from which snipers could cover the front entrance and the marina docks.  They also knew the perimeter and suggested on how to cover the fence lines.  Knowing the local terrain they suggested ways for a few officers to approach and hide in cover.  Millie watched as Rodriguez listened intently.  He looked at Millie and she nodded.
Rodriguez looked at the three Deputies, “The Marshal has agreed to assign you as our sniper team.  You will take the high positions you suggested.   Rodriguez started pointing to positions and assigned men according to their skills.  When he was finished, he asked, “Any questions?”
There were a few and these were addressed.
Rodriguez continued, “Everyone goes in while it is still dark and stays undercover until I give the go.  The van containing the illegal weapons is on its way now and being tracked.  It will arrive well before the plane and the cases will probably be stored out of sight.
When the plane arrives and is moored and I decide the time is right I will give the go order.  We will have an armored truck here in this vacant lot between two buildings on south main.  It will come out and drive down the street and crash through the gate.
 I will give the go command as the gate comes down.  Do not anticipate this happening in case I have to wave the truck around.  It is going to be hard to time this just right.  There will be eight SWAT members in the truck.  If a firefight breaks out the snipers main job is to put down anyone bringing fire on them.
A small team will land by boat at the far end of the marina to secure the boat docks and keep anyone from getting a boat out.   Boyd’s boat team has as its primary objective to contain the airplane and secondarily to keep any boats from escaping.”
Rodriguez made everyone go through what they were to do several times.  He asked Millie about how to get everyone in place.  She gave suggestions and staggered times that would get everyone where they needed to be over several hours.  There was some discussion about sequencing and some small adjustments.  
The briefing was over and Millie’s Deputies came to her vehicle and retrieved weapons cases except for Terry who was going with Millie.  The agents brought five life jackets and put them in the vehicle.  Millie suggested they be put in garbage bags for unloading without attracting attention.  That was quickly done and they left.  On the trip they got to know each other.  All of the men assigned to the team had been military men and had seen combat.  Millie was pleased that these men were with her for it was unlikely they would buckle when the shooting started.  She had a feeling this was not going to go down quietly. 
When they got to her lot they carried everything to the trailer.  There they made coffee and one of the men went and got the other Adirondack chair and brought it inside.  They readied their weapons and equipment.  Millie went down to the boat in the dark and made sure it was ready to go.  Millie set the alarm for nine just in case.  Once everything was ready they had time to nap or drink coffee and talk.  By nine they were all antsy.  By nine thirty they were all sitting and ready to go out the door.
At five to ten Millie heard the plane.  She watched it through the trailer window set down and taxi out of site.  That was their cue.  They hurried to the boat, jumped in, untied the ropes, and Millie started the engines and backed out turning the boat but staying close to the dock.  Millie could feel the throbbing of the engines.  There were two agents in the bow and Terry and another behind her to the sides.   They waited what seemed like an eternity but Millie knew was less than three minutes.
“GO!” came over the radio.  Millie pushed the levers forward and the boat shot forward.  Behind her the conservation boat was following but losing ground.  The gunfire started.  Millie knew it was bad because a lot of it was automatic weapons fire.   As she came into site of the marina she saw the plane was moving away from the dock trying to get in a position to taxi away.  Millie ran straight for it.
The plane was turned and about a hundred yards from the dock starting to rev the engines when Millie’s boat came up on them.  She yelled, “Fire a burst in front of them.”  One of the shooters did.  The plane kept coming.  Millie yelled, “Two single shots into the cockpit.”  Two rifle shots rang out.   The plane suddenly revved down and Millie ran up to the plane.  There was blood on the windshield.
One of the agents swung onto the plane and opened the door.  Several rounds were fired out through the open door and the agent swung his weapon through the door and unleashed a burst.  There was a scream and the agent went in followed by Terry.  Terry came back to the door and yelled, “Clear.”
Millie yelled, “Stay and secure the plane.”
Millie pulled away.  There was a vicious firefight taking place on the docks. There were several men firing automatic weapons from cover behind crates on the dock.  Their backs were exposed to the lake.  Millie yelled, “To the port side!”  One of the men hesitated.  “Left side!”  Millie yelled.  She brought the boat fast and parallel to the dock easing up as she passed and the agents knew what to do.  They opened fire on the exposed men.  One turned and fired a burst at the boat before going down.  Millie felt pain in her left arm and fought to keep her balance.
Millie’s boat sped by the dock and she swung to come back but the first pass had broken the resistance and the firefight was dying.  A boat came speeding out from the dock and Millie gave chase.  The boat she was chasing was fast but hers was faster and they were gaining.  Without being told both agents moved back from the bow to let the boat plane and gather speed.  The eight cylinders were humming and Millie had the throttle full forward.  
The boat they were chasing was heading for the plane until they took automatic fire from the plane.  They veered away and headed up the lake.  Millie was gaining and she waved the men to the right side of the boat as she moved on the other boat to the left.  They would be in a position to broadside the smaller boat.  
When Millie’s boat was just about alongside the other boat killed its engines but Millie didn’t.  She shot past them as the men on the two boats exchanged fire.   Millie ran up the lake a little and made a tight swing and came back toward the little boat which was picking up steam again.  It would be another broadside.  One of the agents tapped her shoulder and motioned to slow to drop the bow.  She did as he climbed to the front and rested his rifle on the bow and fired a whole clip at the approaching boat.  It started to drift to the left and slow.  It came to a stop and the motor died.
The agent reloaded as Millie approached the boat cautiously.  When they were alongside they could see both men were unconscious.  One of the agents boarded and checked the men.  He handcuffed one.
They tied the little boat to Millie’s and she towed it back to the marina and one of the men secured the craft.  Others came and help unload the two men.  
Millie realized her feet were ankle deep in water.  Her boat had been riddled with gunfire and was taking on water.   Millie realized that while it was running across the lake much of it had been up out of the water.  Now at a standstill it was sinking.  Millie reached up and laid her rifle on the dock.  She stood there as the boat was slowly sinking and she was drawing an audience.
A Trooper stated the obvious, “Your boats sinking Marshal.”
“I know.  My feet are wet.”
She was standing there with her one arm hanging at her side.    The water came to mid calf, then to her knees, then above her knees, then to mid thigh and she was still standing there with her one arm hanging limply.  She looked at the men who were gathering there. 
A DEA agent watching said, “You know a captain doesn’t have to go down with the ship.”
Millie looked up, “Did it ever occur to one of you geniuses that I’m too hurt to climb up there?”
One of the Troopers noticed and said, “You’ve been shot.”  Millie looked at her bleeding arm. Two troopers knelt and each grabbed her under an armpit and lifted her out of the boat.  
Millie said, “About time, thank you.”
On the dock Millie turned and looked down at her sinking boat.  She looked longingly as the boat slipped beneath the surface and said, “My beautiful boat.”
The Troopers helped her to find a place to sit.  They found a box and Millie sat on it holding her rifle in her right hand the butt resting on the dock.  An EMT came to her and looked at her left arm, “You have some nasty wounds there and you’ve lost quite a bit of blood.’  The medic examined her arm and said, “There’s shrapnel in there.  You need to go for treatment.”  He bandaged her and gave her a tag.  Her wound was not life threatening and she was transported to the clinic. 
The clinic was a triage center where the few seriously wounded were stabilized for transport and minor wounds were treated.  Several people had already been evacuated by air and ambulance.  Millie waited for an hour before she was brought in to see Doc.   During that time she phoned Shamus and Chris to let them know she was alright.  She then phoned Anna and gave her a low down.  She had just finished when someone she did not know came to bring her to Doc.
“Quite a day Marshal.”  Doc was looking at her arm.  
“Yes Doc.  Necessary though.”
Doc said something to Peggy that Millie did not catch.  Peggy came and took Millie’s outer vest and life preserver off.  She gave Millie several shots around her wound.   Millie could feel her arm becoming numb.
Doc was examining Millie’s vest.  Then he asked, “How are you feeling?”
“The arm is numbing up quickly?”
Doc persisted, “What about the rest of you?”
“My chest is a little sore.”
Doc closed the curtains, “Take your shirt off.”
Millie complied and Doc examined her.  Doc then started working on her arm.  He was concentrating on picking metal pieces out of her arm.  When he was finished one he stitched it up and started on the other.  He repeated the procedure.
Doc asked, “Have you had a tetanus shot?”   Millie shook her head.  Doc turned to Peggy, “Please give her a tetanus shot.”
Doc started prodding on her chest.  “You were lucky between the life jacket and the vest the three rounds that hit you seemed to only bruise you.”  Doc prodded around until Millie winced.  “That one might be broken.  Peggy get me an x-ray of that please.”

Millie wasn’t feeling very talkative.  Peggy went efficiently about her business.  Millie was just sitting there twenty minutes later when Doc came back.  “You have a cracked rib.  We’ll bind it.  You were very lucky my girl.  Here are some pain pills.  You are probably going to get really sore.  I am ordering you to take off until the end of next week to recuperate.  I asked the Mayor and the Mayor told Wilma to put in a work comp claim for you.  You can’t return to work until I release you.  Come see me Monday.  I’ll see later you but right now I have to go tend to another.”  Doc left.
Peggy handed Millie her shirt and said, “Take it easy and God bless you.”
Millie put her shirt on with considerable pain, picked up her rifle and vest then walked out of the treatment room and went outside.  Things were calming down and she saw three of her Deputies.  The guys were sitting on the concrete wall.  Millie approached them, her rifle slung over her right shoulder, “Where’s Terry?”
Rob turned around, “She’s OK.  She’s over there getting coffee.”  Rob pointed and Millie was relieved.  
Millie sat down and Jason asked, “How are you?”
“A little shrapnel, some stitches, a few bruises, a broken rib.  I’ll be OK thanks to the vest.”
Terry was sitting down beside Millie.
Josh winced, “Man, I know that hurts.  I took two in the vest once and I was sore for a month and my rib wasn’t broken.”
Jason asked, “How many hits?”
“Two in the arm, three in the vest.”
Rob said it, “That was a close thing then.”
Millie nodded, “Yes it was.”
Josh said, “There’ll be some nightmares over this.  This was a real firefight and worse than some I saw in combat.”
Rodriguez came over and sat down.  “I want to thank you.  You all did an excellent job; very professional.  I would have lost some people if it hadn’t been for the suppressing sniper fire and the broadside attack on the dock. “
Jason asked, “What was the count?”
Rodriguez sighed, “We had eleven wounded including the Marshal, two seriously, one life threatening; an ATF agent.  The bad guys suffered seven dead and nine wounded, and eight others in custody.  The plane is full of drugs.  There were crates of automatic rifles and pistols on the dock and millions in cash ready to go out.  By the way Marshal, we owe you a boat.  I’ve got to get back.  We are using the clinic conference room for debriefing.  You’ll be called in turn.”
It was five o’clock in the afternoon before Millie’s team had been interviewed and released.  They spent a lot of time sitting on the wall making small talk.  They didn’t pay any attention to the reporters that were a block away.  They all went back to sitting on the wall as they finished.  Millie suggested it when they were all there, “Let’s sneak away and get my SUV and go to the diner and get a bite to eat.”
The response was a resounding yes.  They walked quietly about half the way back to the vehicle.  Terry was the one who broke the silence.
“You know working for Millie has not been boring.  I have had more action in the last few weeks than most lawmen get in a lifetime.  I’m ready for a little small town quiet where our biggest challenge is getting a drunken redneck to lockup.” 
The silence had been broken and they talked about what they had seen and experienced during the take down.  They loaded in the SUV and Millie secured her rifle.  When they got to the diner the parking lot was packed.  Millie parked in the field next door.  
They walked next door to the diner and went in.  There was a hushed silence as they walked to Millie’s booth.  They realized that they were the only law enforcement people there.  Jason grabbed a vacant chair and put it at the end of the booth.  One man stood up and starting clapping then the whole diner was full of people standing and clapping.  Someone started singing the Star Spangled banner and Millie and her Deputies stood.  Everyone sang.  There were tears everywhere.  When the song was finished everyone sat down and things went back to normal.  People went back to their food.
Terry looked around, “That was surreal.”
Doris came to the table with Josephine.  Josephine took the orders and Doris brought another chair and pulled it up next to the bench, “You do not know how relieved I am that each and every one of you is alright.  When the streets were blocked off and fireworks started people were afraid.  It sounded like a war.  I went to the church and a number of people came and were praying for your safety.”
Terry spoke for them all, “Thank you so much for the prayers. With all the bullets flying around we certainly needed them.” 
Millie thought to ask, “Terry does your family know you’re alright?”
“Yes I called them while you were being treated.”
Everyone changed the subject and they started asking Doris how married life was.  Doris was telling them about the plans for the additions to their house.  That moved the conversation to Millie’s new place.  During the meal some media people from the nationals came in and didn’t even realize who was in the corner.  They would later kick themselves for not paying attention.
When the meal was finished everyone headed home to get some sleep.  Millie got back to Lakeview to see two news trucks outside so she turned drove past and went to her new home site, parked the SUV, reclined the seat and went to sleep.  She awoke to a tapping on her window.  It was Butch.  Millie turned the key on and lowered the window.
“Hiding out I see.  We came to start work on the trees but we can put it off if you want.”
Millie brought her seat up.  “What time is it?”
“Six thirty.”
Millie was still a little drowsy. “I slept for about eleven hours so I need to move out.  Let me get out of your way.”
Butch smiled, “Good work Marshal.”
“Thanks Butch.”   Millie went by her trailer and no one was there so she went in and got cleaned up and changed.  She was hungry and drove to the diner.  It was busy but she found a parking place and went in.  She was greeted by a lot of well wishers as she went to her table.  A reporter started to approach but Doris intervened.
“Outside!  The Marshal is here to eat and you leave her alone in here or you leave now!  You can do your interview outside.”   Doris put Josephine on guard duty and came and joined Millie.  
“Where did you sleep last night?”
Millie smiled, “At my home site in my SUV like most respectable homeless people.” 
Doris shook her head, “Still with the wisecracks.  How are you this morning?”
“Actually I feel pretty good considering what I put my body through.  I could eat a horse though.”
Doris motioned and one of the waitresses came and took Millie’s order which consisted of two eggs, double order of crisp bacon, whole wheat toast, home fries, and orange juice.   After hearing the order Doris observed, “You really are hungry.”
Millie smiled, “I haven’t eaten in thirty six hours.  I’m wasting away.”
There was a commotion at the door and Doris got up and left she didn’t come back.  There was an out of town reporter who would regret making a scene and being banned from the OK Corral Diner property.  Doris advised him that if he was even in the parking lot she would have him charged with criminal trespass.
Millie finished her meal and coffee, left the tip, paid and went outside where there were a gaggle of news people.  Millie raised her hand for silence.  The news people started crowding her so she commanded in a loud voice, “Give me some room PLEASE!   I was shot and though my vest stopped the round I have a cracked rib.”  
She pointed to the first newscaster who asked, “Is it true Marshal you were wounded in the gunfight yesterday?”
Millie paused, “That was not a gunfight but a firefight.  About two dozen alleged, see I’m being politically correct.”  There was light laughter.  “Allegedly very bad men decided to resist arrest, allegedly with automatic weapons, and allegedly with hundreds of rounds being fired, allegedly at law enforcement officers, and allegedly wounding a number of lawmen and women, two such rounds fragmented and allegedly caused wounds to my left arm which required stitches, and three others allegedly struck my vest and broke one of my ribs and left some nasty bruising.  It is also alleged that any of those three rounds might have killed me if I had not been wearing a vest.  There were some very good officers who were not so fortunate and were seriously wounded yesterday.”
Millie pointed at another reporter and was asked, “To what extent were your Deputies involved in the firefight?”
“My entire Department was involved in the operation to apprehend the alleged perpetrators yesterday in a joint operation between the DEA, ATF, State Troopers and my Department.  My Deputies have all served in situations under fire before and they handled themselves in an exemplary fashion yesterday.  I am proud we could assist in the apprehensions.”
Millie pointed again.  The reporter was hostile, probably because he did not like being banned from the only decent eating establishment within twenty miles, “How do you respond to the rumor that your Department initiated this investigation that set off a national operation?”
“It is not a rumor.  The investigation started here but we were facing a problem we could not handle by ourselves.  Supervisory Agent Rodriguez of the DEA and Captain Abernathy of the State Highway Patrol went out of their way to help us at every turn and in every conceivable way not knowing how far this would go.  I think the threads of this investigation went further than any of us first imagined.  One more question.”
Millie pointed to a regional reporter, “Why wasn’t the County Sheriff’s Department involved in this operation?”
Millie paused for affect, “We accepted every offer of cooperation that has been extended.”
Millie said, “That’s all for now,” and went to her SUV.  She drove to Shamus’s place.  He was sitting on the dock drinking a beer and simply said, “Hi sis.”
“Hi Shamus.”  She went and sat down beside him.
 “Do you think it’s going to quiet down now sis?”
Millie nodded affirmatively, “Yes.  The development will go ahead and business will boom.  Your guide business will grow and people will pay more though there will be a lot more boats out there.  There will be more money chasing after what we have.  We’ll be OK.  Have you heard from Mitch?”
“He called today.  I told him you were alright.  He’ll be gone a lot longer than he thought.”
Millie let that sink in.  “Let’s go see how Butch is doing.”
They walked through the woods and the sound of chain saws became louder as they approached the site.  All the growth on the home site had been removed and several trees were down and being cut up.  A skip loader was moving large pieces of trees and loading them into the dump trucks separate from the brush which was going through a chipper.
Butch stopped working and came over.  “Hi Millie.”
Millie was pleased, “You sure don’t lose any time Butch.  Where did you get the chipper?
Butch waved in the general direction of the chipper, “I saw that second hand chipper for sale a couple of weeks ago.  A farmer had it for sale and I got to thinking there is likely to be a lot of this kind of work.  I saw an opportunity and bought the chipper.  I am going to hire a brush cleaning crew once the development starts.”  
Shamus added, “You can certainly get a lot more in one truck using it.”
Butch looked at Millie, “Right now you can buy some good dump trucks for pennies on the dollar.  I just put a deposit on two of the best I could find.  I hope the bank will loan me the twenty grand I need.”
Millie thought for a moment, “If they won’t, I’ll lend you the money at six percent just on the trucks and your word.”
Butch smiled, “Thanks Millie, can I tell the bank manager that?”
Millie said, “Yes and hopefully it will get his attention.  It’s about time they did something to help this community.  See you later Butch.”
Butch waved as Millie and Shamus headed back.  When they got back Millie said her goodbye to Shamus and drove away.  She called Chris and told him she was on her way to sign the papers for Doc and Doris.  Chris told her not to bother coming because Doc had not been in to sign.  Millie thought that made sense as he had been tied up with treating the wounded.  Millie pulled over.  She could think of no other place to go so she went to the church.
She drove up and there were several cars in the parking lot.  Millie got out and went in and sat down.  Several people were in the church praying.  It kept going through her head what Rob had said, “It was a close thing.”  She sat thinking for awhile.  What if she had died today or any of those other days?  She felt someone slide in beside her.  It was Pastor Dan.
“Would you like to go outside and talk?”
Millie nodded and they both went outside and to the picnic table under the trees in the side yard.  They sat on opposite sides of the table.
Pastor Dan asked, “What’s happening?”
“Something one of my Deputies said keeps going through my head.  He said it was a close thing.  I had two arm wounds and had been hit in the vest by three rounds.  It really was a close brush with death.  Three times in the last month I have faced death.  I keep thinking what if?  Where would I be?”
Pastor Dan nodded, “You are coming to grips with your mortality.  We are all going to die; it is what happens afterwards that should be our focus.”
“My ma always said that a person was either going to heaven or hell.  I figure I’m not bad enough for hell.  Not as good as you are probably, but not damnable.”
Pastor Dan looked at her, “I deserve to go to hell!”
Millie was aghast.
Dan continued, “The only reason I won’t is I confessed Jesus as Lord and repented so his offering of Himself to pay the penalty for my wrong doing has me covered.   It’s like he went to the electric chair in my place.”
Millie was confused, “How can I been bound for hell?  I am not as bad as some.”
Dan smiled, “It’s not a competition to see who the worst offender is.  Everybody who does wrong is already condemned.  You are measured against God’s holy law not your own or society’s standard.  We don’t let the criminals set the standard of right and wrong because they’d set the standard so they could do whatever they wanted.  It’s the same with all of us and God.”
 Millie was turning it over in her mind.  “I’ll have to think about this.”
Dan smiled, “If you want to talk more let me know.  Don’t assume you have forever though because as you’ve seen life is fragile.” 
Millie got up, “Thank you.”  Millie went back to her temporary home.
It was a drizzly start to Thursday and Millie woke up to the sound of light rain on the metal roof of the trailer.  She rolled off the air mattress and that hurt.  As she padded toward the bathroom she realized that jogging was out of the question.  After relieving herself she went and took one of the pills Doc had given her.  She started coffee brewing then took a shower and dressed for the day.
Millie had finished cleaning her weapons and was sitting enjoying her coffee when there was a knock at the door.  It was Doris and Doc.
“Boy you two are up and about early this morning.  Come on in and sit down.  Can I get you a coffee?”
Doc said, “Yes please,” which was followed by Doris saying, “Always.”
Millie poured two cups and went and sat in the third chair.
Doris started out, “This is hard.  We have been talking, Doc and me.  When we were talking about Dan being evicted we were just joking but it occurred to me that eventually that Dan would have to find another place to live.  For you the house is an investment right?”
Millie nodded in agreement.
“We are bound by our word and will complete the deal if you want but we are asking you to release us from our verbal agreement to trade.  We think the church needs a home for the pastor worse than a couple like us needs a bigger place.  We will pay Chris’s bill.”
Millie asked for her own clarification, “So you are going to keep the house for the pastor to live in?”
Doc said, “Yes.”
Millie nodded, “OK.  I only agreed to the trade because you wanted it.  It’s not a problem for me to hang onto this lot.”  Doris and Doc seemed surprised.
Doc said, “Thank you.”
Doris said, “Just this moment I realized how good a friend you really are.  You didn’t want my house did you?”
“I love you Doris but no, I did not want your house.”
Doc asked, “What will you do with this lot.”
“Sit on it for a while and sell it for a whole bunch of bucks when the market goes skyrocketing in the next year or two.  Some fat cat will buy it to build a little mansion on.  You know some professional, a doctor or lawyer or something.”
Doc ignored Millie’s teasing and asked, “How long before your new house is done?”
Millie smiled, “A couple of months.  The site work has already been started and the road is mostly ready.  Would you like to take a drive and see?  I won’t be doing any running this morning I’m too sore.  I’m off to recuperate but what will I do for a week plus?”
Doris piped up, “I’ll tell you what, I’ll take the week off and we’ll go do whatever we feel like.  Other than our honeymoon, I haven’t really taken time off and now I can.”
Doc stood up, “Let’s go see your new land.”
They all piled into Millie’s SUV and drove out to Bay Road.  When Millie pulled off the highway onto the access road Doris said, “Oh this is so nice.”  Butch’s crew was working when they arrived.  They got out and Millie waved to Butch and he waved back then kept on working.  Millie took them down to the waterfront.
Doc spoke first, “You went from wonderful to wonderland.  This is the most gorgeous spot.  You said you have ten acres here?”
“Yes, and a little over seven hundred feet of shoreline.”  Millie pointed, “Shamus lives there where the dock is but you can’t see it for the trees.” 
Doris saw the arrow on the stones, “What’s that?”
“It’s where the dock is going.  The DEA owes me a boat.”
They walked down the beach to Shamus’s place then back to the survey marker at the end of the lot.
Doris said, “It’s beautiful here.  You are going to have to invite me up here a lot.”
“No problem.  I’ll take you back and then go let the office know I will be off for a bit.”
Millie took Doc and Doris home then went to City Hall.  When she walked in with her weapons case both Josh and Terry were there.
Josh spoke first, “We didn’t expect to see you today.  Actually for a while based on what Doc said.”
Millie spoke as she locked her weapons case away, “Doc talks too much.  Seriously though, he ordered me, his words, to take time off to recuperate until the end of next week.  I guess I’m officially on leave.  Remember we have the dispatch switch over.”
Josh pointed to the white board.
Millie said, “Good.  If anything important happens call me.  Let the others know I am available for phone calls.  The truth is I am tired out, beat up, sore and need a rest.  Is everybody doing OK?”
Terry said, “Yes.  We’ve all been talking it out among ourselves and that’s good therapy.  Have you talked to somebody?”  
“My pastor.”
Terry smiled, “Good choice.  We were all concerned you would go gung ho on us.”
Millie said, “If anything important happens let me know; you have my phone number.” and then she went next door to see Wilma.  As she went through the door she said, “Hi Wilma, how is my favorite City Clerk?”
Wilma got up, and in an uncharacteristic display of affection hugged Millie gently.  “I am doing well thank you.  The big question is how are you doing?”
Millie sighed, “I’m a little beat up.  I am going to be off for a week.”
Wilma sat back down at her desk. “Yes I know because I did the paperwork for the comp claim.”  She picked up a card and handed it to Millie.  “Oh by the way here is your medical card in case you need it. I just got it this morning.  Now you get out of here.”
Millie waved, “Please let me know if anything important goes down.”
Millie drove to Mountain View to Seth’s place and Seth drove her to Don’s where she got a rental vehicle.  Seth took Millie’s SUV so he and his friend could work their magic on it.  Millie drove back to Safe Haven.  Millie found she was very sore by the time she got back and went to the trailer and sat in a chair and had a nap.  
When she woke she phoned Anna.   “Hi Anna.  What are you up to?”
“I am just getting ready to go to my Friday bridge club, why?”
Millie told her, “I was calling to see if you wanted to do lunch.  We can do it next week.”
Anna replied apparently enthusiastically, “I would really like that.  How about Tuesday?”
“That works.  See you Sunday at church.”  Millie had said it without thinking.  She had started to look forward to going.
The next ten days was a pleasant time for Millie.  She got a lot of rest and went with Anna to lunch and also to Mountain View.  She went to Longview for lunch with Doris twice and they went shopping.  Millie and Doris visited the home site every day and enjoyed the progress. A couple of days they brought a picnic lunch and ate on site.  Millie and Doris even went together to order the two new bedroom suites, coffee and end tables, as well as the dining table and chairs for the new house.  Millie also ordered five more of the Adirondack chairs with two umbrella tables to match.  It would take a while for it all to be custom made.
Millie visited Doc officially twice during her leave.  She visited him the Friday morning following the Tuesday morning firefight.  She also visited him the following Friday when Doc released her to return to work the following Monday.  Because she did take it easy and she was still young her body had healed quickly. She also dropped by the office twice during her leave and looked at the reports.  Things were going well and there was nothing out of the ordinary happening.  Someone had thought to order a replacement vest for the one that had saved her life and she left a note that the loaners Cal had sent them should be returned.
Butch finished clearing the lot, upgraded the road, and did the ditching for the pipes and by the time Millie was ready to return to work and the excavation for the house pad was done and the forms were in place for the concrete.  It had been less than two weeks since work had begun and the progress was substantial.  Millie had also approved the plumbing line bid and the plumbers had laid the pipe.  Millie got her SUV back on her final Friday off and then attended the closing for what she now called the cliff properties.  On the weekend, Millie took both Doris and Anna to see the lots she had purchased.  
It was Monday and the morning she was returning to work.  It was a bright day and Millie was feeling good.  She had started her workouts again on the weekend and was building her stamina back.  When she got to the office she felt a sense of belonging.  At least for a while this was her domain and she loved it.
Millie went inside to find all the Deputies, Wilma and the Mayor there to welcome her back.  “Well hello, how is everyone?”
Everyone gathered around Millie and Anna was the first to come forward and hug Millie, “Welcome back, though I heard that you sneaked in a couple of times.”  Wilma and Terry hugged Millie and the guys shook her hand.
“It’s good to be back.  Did anybody make coffee this morning?”
Josh went and got her a cup.
Millie nodded, “Thanks Josh.  Why is everyone here?”
Anna handed Millie a check.  It was made out to the City of Safe Haven Harbor City Marshal’s Office in the amount of seventy three thousand sixty five dollars.  “It’s the Department’s share of the seizure of the cash and van at the pool hall.  We also received this on Friday.”  Anna handed Millie a letter.  Millie opened it and it was a letter stating that the Department was a party to the legal proceedings for a seizure of thirteen million dollars cash, a marina, an airplane, and various and sundry vessels.  Millie handed it to Anna to read.
  Anna smiled, “A third of that will make the police department richer than the City.”  Anna handed it to Millie who handed it to the closest Deputy Jason.
Millie instructed, “You all need to see this so pass it around.”
The Deputy’s were reading it when Millie’s phone rang.  It was Cal, “Hi Millie. I know it’s short notice but could you make a two o’clock meeting here this afternoon?”
“No problem Cal.  What’s it about?”
Cal said, “Alphonso wants to give us an update on what is happening with the investigation and has pictures of some forfeiture boats he wants you to see.”
Millie signed off, “See you at two.”
Anna was looking inquisitively, “I’m going to receive an update on the investigation at Cal’s office this afternoon.”  
Anna said, “Well I have a meeting with the school board chair so I’ll be running along.  Everyone be careful.”
Terry reminded Millie, “Today is the day we take delivery of a new SUV.  I could ride with you to Mountain View and bring it back.  Wilma has arranged all the insurance etc.”
Millie said, “Good idea.  We’ll leave at ten so we have time to get it and have lunch before you head back.”
Everyone said their see you later and the two other Deputies who were not on duty left for home and Rob who was working left to patrol.  Millie went to her office and starting reviewing reports.  It became clear the team was paying attention to their paperwork and the police reports were well done.  There were a few routine things that had to be done like review bills for payment and approve them.  There was a note from Wilma reminding Millie to put in a claim for her mileage.  It occurred to Millie she had not kept track of it.  She called Wilma on the intercom and confessed.
Millie and Terry left the office at ten thirty.  Terry said she’d heard Millie was building a new home and asked where it was going to be.  Millie told her about it and described what the house would look like.  She promised to show the team the site and to have them over for a grill when she moved in.
Millie and Terry went into Don’s showroom and asked if Don was around.  He wasn’t but Charlie was going to deliver the vehicle.  Charlie was very cordial and they were finished at the dealership by eleven forty five.  Terry drove the new vehicle to the restaurant.  After a pleasant and leisurely lunch with Terry, Millie went to the meeting.  She arrived about ten minutes early and was buzzed in and went to sit in a waiting chair.
A couple of minutes later Alphonso and Cal came by and they went to the conference room.
The gist of the meeting was that those apprehended were all going to be tried in federal court.  It was unlikely with the plea bargains made that any of the local officials would be called to be a witness at trial.  Bullman had been found and flipped.  What Millie had suspected was basically what had happened.  
The man that had run Millie and Mitch down was an illegal and had now been identified as a member of a Columbian gang working under contract in the U.S.  He had pled guilty so he could serve his time in the U.S. because there was a murder contract out on him in his home country.  He was wanted by one of the Cartels for shooting one of their lieutenants in a personal dispute over a woman.   He had flipped in return for segregation, a reduced sentence, and a promise not to be returned to Columbia.
As a result of the investigation a hundred and five arrests had been made and warrants had subsequently been issued for twenty seven others. Five warrants were for people in this region who had low level involvement in the network.  They were Miriam, Jake and Ron Kronk of Safe Haven and Willy and Wade Maloney of Mountain County.  Millie was given photos of the wanted persons and copies of the federal warrants.
Alphonso then got to the money part. “The AG’s office has decided our agreement is only applicable to my area of authority.  Only seizures in that area will be shared with your jurisdictions.  The AG has however, authorized the transfer of any forfeited boat up to thirty two feet in length to be transferred to you in settlement of your loss.  The bureaucrats will of course want release forms signed.   I took the liberty of picking out the best of those available.”  Alphonso paused and smiled at Millie. “You saved the lives of some of my men.  I appreciate that sincerely.  I think you will find these more than suitable.”  Alphonso took out a half dozen photo packages with descriptions.
Millie glanced at the boats.  “These are beautiful and very expensive boats.”
“I know.  The Department would like you to decide by the end of the week.  When you decide the name of the contact person and his phone number are there for you.  The boat you choose will be delivered to Safe Haven.  If you want to see any of them before choosing you will have to travel at your own expense.  A couple are almost new.  I am assured none of these have any significant defects.   I guess that’s it.”
The meeting ended.  Millie and Cal thanked Alphonso as he left.
Cal turned to Millie, “What do you think about that?”
As my friend Mitch would say, “Unbelievable, absolutely unbelievable.  I’ll take you out on my new boat when I get it.”
As Millie drove back to Mountain View she phoned her team and told them about the warrants.   They would do some discreet snooping but not take any action until they could act in strength.   If anyone got a lead they would call and the team would be assembled immediately and make the arrests.  She told them they could attend the hearing tonight and draw overtime and they all said they’d be there.  There weren’t that many large public events like this and it was a good opportunity to be seen even if there wasn’t any trouble.
Millie arrived back in Safe Haven at four fifteen and went to have an early meal so she could make the public hearing on the new development.  Maybe Mitch would even be there.  She thought it must have been three weeks since anybody around here had seen him.
There weren’t many at the diner and Millie had a quiet meal.  Since the meeting was starting at six, she expected people were grabbing a sandwich at home after work so they could be there on time.
Millie arrived at City Hall at ten to six and the parking spaces for blocks were taken.  She was glad she had a reserved spot.  She parked and went to the meeting room greeting people as she entered.  She took a seat in the front row.  Millie wondered why it was everybody seemed to avoid the front row.  Millie noticed the Deputies were all here in uniform and mingling with people and laughing.
The Councilors came in and sat in the front row next to Millie and they all shook her hand and greetings were exchanged.  The Mayor came in and stood at a stand up portable podium and Wilma was sitting at a small table taking minutes because the Council platform was blocked by a large portable screen and an easel.
The Mayor called the hearing to order and the crowd stood to recite the pledge.  The Mayor then introduced the Architects who showed a slick video about the project that Millie suspected was part of a marketing package.  The Architects than showed a series of artist’s renderings, some of which had been in the video, and explained the project in some general detail.  As the presenter finished with each drawing, his assistant put each one up on the walls around the hall.
The floor was opened to questions and comments.  The questions were reasonable as were the comments.  After a half hour of questions and answers the hearing was closed.  A special council meeting with a one item agenda had been posted.  The meeting was to consider approval of the development.  The Mayor called the meeting to order and announced in lieu of delegations she was taking a straw poll.  She asked all those in favor of approving the development to raise their hands.  The hand of just about everyone went up.  When the Mayor called for a show of hands for those against the development one hand was raised.  It was Mr. Paul who was always against everything.  The Mayor entertained a motion and one was made to approve the development which was duly seconded and passed unanimously.  The audience broke into applause.  The meeting was closed.
People stood around talking to the Mayor and Councilors as well as the Architects.  People were very positive and looked forward to the economic boost the City would get.  Millie mingled and people told her they thought with the removal of organized crime the City would prosper.
Millie saw her Deputies start to slip away toward the office and she did the same.  They had the locked hall door between themselves and the meeting room.
Jason spoke, “Marshal I drove by where you arrested the younger Kronk today.  There was some activity but I didn’t see any Kronks.  I did see someone driving Ron Kronk’s truck and I know it was his because I ran the plates.  I kept my distance and the truck went to fifteen hundred and eleven Bay Road and turned up the lane.  The house belongs to Marjorie Maloney, mother of Willy and Wade.  Could it be they are all hiding out there?”
Millie thought for a moment, “We just need to see one of them to go in there to exercise the warrants.  We need to stake the place out.  Is there some place to do that without causing alarm?”
Jason thought, “There’s a vacant lot about a hundred yards up the road where the old house burned down.  There are thick bushes by the road and if one were to park in real tight and parallel you could see the driveway without being visible from the road.”

Millie added, “We’d need a vehicle no one will recognize.”
Josh volunteered, “I have an old Ford pickup at home.  It’s a real beater and no-one will pay it any attention.  It’s like a hundred others around here.  We could use that for a stake out vehicle.”
“OK, as of now you are on overtime. No uniform shirts but keep your vests handy.   I want two on at a time until I can get Cal to reinforce us.  I’ll do random patrols at staggered times during the stake out.  Josh go get your beater.”
Josh said, “Yes ma’am” and was out the door.  
Millie called Cal and explained what they had found.  Cal said he would have some plain clothes troopers to help them with the stake out in thirty six hours.  He would alert his dispatch in case back up was needed in a hurry.”
An hour later the stake out was in place.  It was a Tuesday night so Millie patrolled from ten p.m. to one a.m. in a marked unit.  She did a couple of traffic stops and gave warnings.  She stopped at some businesses that were open late and she had a coffee break at the diner.  It was all to appear normal and it did.   Millie was back on the road at seven a.m. as the morning work traffic was starting.  There had been no activity that evening.
The shift change in the stake out occurred before dawn.  There was no one coming or going all day.  The break came at about four in the afternoon when Jake Kronk left in Ron’s pickup.  Rob called Millie who told him to stay put she was near the end of Bay Road.  She was near where Bay Road came out onto the highway and she parked where she could see the intersection and the Stop Quick store. She had a hunch where Jake was going.   Jake came from Bay Road and crossed the highway into the Stop Quick.  He went in and came back out minutes later with two twenty four packs of beer.
Millie radioed Rob, “He’s making a beer run.  Stay put and I’ll call for reinforcements.  Millie called her two off duty Deputies and it turned out they were sleeping on the floor of the station.  Millie called the barracks and they were able to commit four Troopers.  They were going to meet where Millie was.  In fifteen minutes Millie and the two Deputies and three troopers were ready to go.
Millie briefed the troopers and they discussed strategy.  The two Deputies would drive around and  approach from the other end of  Bay Road effectively sealing it and park a hundred yards to the east blocking the road and approach on foot to cover the east side of the house.  At that time the stake out team would circle west on foot and cover the rear.  Two Troopers approaching from the west would pull up the neighbor’s lane and cover the west side of the house.  Millie and the other trooper would take the front door.    Just then the fourth Trooper arrived and was told he was to follow the Marshal on the front door approach.  Everyone geared up with vests and automatic rifles or shotguns.
Millie reiterated.  “East in first.  Stake out sneaks around when East says they have arrived.  West follows Stake out to cover the west.  I will give the go signal when the three units are to go up the lane.  No sirens or lights.  I don’t want them to have any more warning than necessary.  Back, East, and West Teams try to find some really good cover to be behind.  We are more likely to be exposed and will need your cover fire if they decide to resist.”
The East team headed out.  The west team cars parked on the shoulder at the entrance to Bay Road several hundred yards from the location and the Marshal and the other two frontal approach cars were behind her.
Millie was waiting and sweating.  She knew her breathing had quickened and she worked to slow it down.  East radioed, “Road blocked.”  That was followed by “Stake out on the way.”  Millie gave the order, “West go slow.”  She waited and finally heard, “Back in position.”  A moment later she heard, “West in position.”
Then came the announcement, “East in position.”
Millie gave the order, “Follow me frontal team.”  Millie pulled away followed by the two trooper cars.  She swung up the driveway and was within a hundred and fifty feet of the house when gunfire erupted from the house.  Millie swung her vehicle sideways and bailed with her automatic rifle and bull horn.  The two troopers swung their cars off the road onto the open ground parallel to the house and bailed.  The two Troopers were in position to return fire.  
Millie pulled out the bullhorn, “POLICE!  You are surrounded.  Throw down your weapons and come out.”  The response was gunfire so Millie gave the order, “Return fire, one clip.”
There was a loud fuselage.  Millie could hear the radio call going out for more reinforcements as she emptied a clip on full auto through the front door shredding it.  The firing stopped and Millie reloaded and repeated with the bullhorn, “POLICE!  You are surrounded.  Throw down your weapons and come out.”
The front door opened and three men and three women came out.  One of the men was being supported by another.  One was holding one hand high and the other bloodied arm was hanging limp at his side.  All who could had their hands in the air.  They were all ordered to kneel then lie down with their arms outstretched.  Officers from both sides rushed the house to make sure it was clear as Millie and the two troopers approached covering those on the ground.  Two Troopers came and started cuffing the captives and reading them their rights.
Sirens came from all directions.  Within minutes five more officers including a Sheriff’s Deputy showed up.  Millie radioed that the site was cleared and called for an ambulance
Millie went to the Sheriff’s Deputy, “Thanks for responding, but you’d better make tracks before the Sheriff finds out you’re here.”
The Deputy smiled, “Isn’t it childish?  Thanks Marshal.”  He got in his car and drove away.   The perimeter was secured as prisoners were being loaded into vehicles.  
Millie took stock and found the captured included:  Wade Maloney and his mother Marjorie; Miriam, Jake and Ron Kronk; and the girlfriend of Willy Maloney but no Willy.  Millie went inside where the Deputies had found a large quantity of drugs and a watertight packing box similar to those found on the dock at the marina.  It was full of neatly bundled bills of various denominations.  There were guns everywhere; mainly pistols, a couple of semi automatic rifles, and two shotguns.  
Millie looked around and thought the occupants of the house must have thought there was an army outside when the place was brought under concentrated gunfire.  The house was riddled with holes and because of the poor construction some rounds had penetrated multiple walls multiplying the perceived intensity of the attack.  The floors were covered with drywall dust and wood splinters.  In truth there had been six inside and nine outside.
The stretch of Bay Road between Lakeview and the highway was closed.  A comprehensive search of the house turned up records and another horde of cash and drugs.  The book apparently contained the names of dozens of dealers in it.  It seemed to Millie that this crew was simply delivery drivers and couriers.    It turned out most of those in the book had already been identified but a few additional low level dealers were identified and apprehended as a result.
Two new vehicles were found in the barn and they were packed for a long trip.  They would be impounded and searched.  The group had been preparing to flee but had not left for they had apparently been waiting for Willy to return.  Millie figured her team would be in court a lot over this arrest and the AG’s Forfeiture Unit would be busier because of tonight’s seizures. 
It was several hours before Millie’s team could stand down.  State crime scene investigators were still at work when Millie’s team left.
Chapter 14 - Famous and Infamous
When Millie and her team got to City Hall there were already reporters there.  There was another press scrum and Millie held an impromptu press conference.  The Deputies took their positions behind the Marshal cradling their assault weapons.  It was a photo op and the image would appear in many newspapers. 
Millie started with, “I will give a statement then entertain questions.  Subsequent to the investigation concerning illegal activities at the marina here, Federal warrants were issued for brothers Willy and Wade Maloney as well as brothers Jake and Ron Kronk and their mother Miriam.  As a result of an investigation by my Deputies the suspected hideout was identified and staked out.  When this resulted in confirmation that a wanted suspect was at the location a raid was planned and executed with the assistance of Troopers under the command of Captain Abernathy of the State Patrol.  Immediately upon approaching the house we were brought under heavy fire from the house.  We restrained from immediately returning fire and by bullhorn demanded the surrender of the occupants and this was responded to by gunfire.  We then returned a volley of fire and again demanded surrender.  At this point the occupants surrendered.  Six people were taken into custody and four of them had federal warrants outstanding.  Two of those arrested had been wounded.”
Millie pointed to a reporter who asked, “How long did the firefight last?”
“I estimate they fired on us initially for about thirty seconds.  When they commenced firing the second time we returned concentrated fire for about ten seconds.  The subjects then surrendered.”
Millie pointed and the next question was, “Please, who did you arrest?”
“We arrested Wade Maloney and his mother Marjorie, Jake and Ron Kronk and their mother Miriam, and one other unidentified adult female.  The three men had federal warrants outstanding as did Miriam.”
Millie’s finger aimed at a regional reporter who asked, “Was the Sheriff’s Department involved in the operation.”
Millie responded, “The raid was conducted by my Department assisted by the State Patrol.  The State Troopers played a vital role in the operation and performed admirably and the local Captain Cal Abernathy and his men have again stepped up and been counted.  They are strong supporters of local forces.”
Millie pointed again and the question was asked, “Do you think this is the last of the drug criminals here.”
Millie smiled, “I think the back of the international operation here has been broken.  We can now go back to being a quiet and fun City.  One more question.”
Another regional reporter asked, “Are the rumors true you have decided to run for County Sheriff in the next election.”
Millie smiled and said knowing it would give Sheriff Wright some sleepless nights, “I have made no such decision although it has been suggested.  Thank you all very much.”  Millie and her team went into the office.
Millie and her Deputies were again in the regional TV and newspaper headlines.  The headlines included: Marshal’s Posse Captures Federal Fugitives; Marshal Millie Continues Clean Sweep; and Bad Guys Beware Millie’s Posse.  One photojournalist had gotten a picture of Millie and her four Deputies walking abreast down the lane cradling their assault weapons.  It appeared nationwide and won numerous awards.
The Marshal and her Deputies had become heroes and celebrities.  The members of the Department were invited to speaking engagements all over the county.  The Feds and the State both honored the Department with presentations for outstanding law enforcement achievement.
The Governor made the Police Chief of the Year presentation to Millie at the Police Chiefs Association annual conference which took place in June each year.  It seemed a little odd to Millie that she received the honor after such a short time in office.  She was smart enough to realize that was politics.
Millie had a new boat thanks to the Feds and it was a beauty.  It was probably the nicest boat on the lake, at least for the time being.  Millie’s house was finished and she moved in.  Construction was underway on the hotel, but still no Mitch just the occasional phone update. 
Millie started attending Sunday service regularly and attending Bible study.  She thought that Pastor Dan might make a Bible Thumper out of her yet but she wasn’t quite there.  She was troubled by the number of times she had faced death and what would happen when she died.
The City received literally millions of dollars in seizure funds.  The marina auction added to the total when it netted one point two million dollars at auction.  A third of that went to the City of Safe Haven Bay Marshal’s Department.  Mitch’s company OK Safe Haven Developments had been the successful bidder and the fences had come down and plans submitted for expanding the existing marina.  There would be restaurants and boutique shops along what was to be called Marina Way that would connect to the beachfront condo complex at Beach Drive.
The seizure money was used to fund a doubling in the number of Marshal’s Deputies and to equip them and provide vehicles.  It was anticipated that growth would require more policing.  
There was a small construction city on the outskirts of Safe Haven.  The developers had set up trailer bunkhouses for the construction workers who were building the hotel and doing site work for the bigger development.
Money was starting to roll into the City.  The construction boom was significant and Butch had gotten his bank loan and quickly paid it off.  He bought two more trucks on credit and stopped borrowing.  The boom would not last forever and he only expanded from then on when he could pay cash as he went.
The new City Council was managing well because most of those on the Council were business people or professionals.  They were truly citizen volunteers who tried to do what was best for the community.  The City was in a very healthy financial condition because sales tax revenue was climbing and businesses were expanding or being started.
Millie started getting lobbied by party officials to run for County Sheriff.  The Sheriff’s office was a shambles and morale was horrible.  Millie knew that the Sheriff’s Office could not be reformed as long as there was an even split on County Council.  She told Don so and he agreed and said he would see about doing something about that by recruiting exemplary candidates.
Everywhere Millie went people were asking and encouraging her to run and the election was a year off.  County people were even sending her Emails promising to work on her campaign and donate money to it.
The big question in the county was when would City Marshal Millie Boyd become County Sheriff Millie Boyd?

###

About the Author
Michael O’Gara lives in Missouri with his wife Ronda.  They are both graduates of Fontbonne University in St. Louis.  Michael earned  Master of Fine Arts and  Master of Business Administration degrees.  He has written six novels five of which are mystery novels in the Millie Mystery Series.  He has also written an Action Adventure titled “Sword, Cross and Crown”.
