PROJECT HUMAN


By
SEAN MCKENZIE


Smashwords Edition license notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Project Human is a work of fiction. Names, places, and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.
Copyright © Sean McKenzie 2011
ISBN:9781466441323
First Edition 

Author’s Works:
The Elf King
The Hitman: Dirty Rotters (forthcoming)



For Kandi,
An intergalactic scientist extraordinaire


Prelude



Blood trickling down my throat wakes me. Through my blurred vision, I see lights surrounding me. My head stings. My neck hurts. My hands bleed from cuts and broken glass coats me like a second skin. I smell something burning, breaking through the fresh air in swirls.
I slump back in the seat. The door opens and someone pulls me free from the mangled car. I see the smoke now, rising from the engine, now crushed into a horse-shoe shape around the massive tree. Leaves and bark blanket the remaining section of the hood. Disoriented, I understand very little of what happened. I’m even less aware of what’s happening now. Each passing second I slip further from the present and deeper into a dreamlike state. 
My vision becomes cloudy. I stare up, now lying on a bed being pushed, and notice someone talking. Lips are moving, but I make out no sound. The constant ringing in my ears drowns out everything. I’m too tired to stay awake, too weak to fight it any longer.
I open my eyes now and see lights all around me. Bright lights, not like before. I’m inside someplace, moving on a bed. I can feel the straps against my wrists and ankles keeping me in place.
Someone appears close up. My vision is still blurry, too much to make out the other’s features. A hand brushes fragments of glass from my face. I want to talk, I want to ask what happened and find out where I am, but I can’t speak. It hurts to even try. The desire leaves me almost instantly. The desire to do anything at all leaves. I close my eyes, allowing the spinning to send me into slumber.
A terrible pinch in my left forearm wakes me suddenly. It stings! I can move little; the straps are tight. I’m alert now, in a room. Lights and devices are everywhere. People surround me; more rush by. The look they give me is uncomforting; some offer pity, some disgust. Their eyes give away too much. I wonder what is wrong with me. My features must be badly damaged. Why else would they stare in such ways? They make me feel vulnerable and self-conscious. I begin to fear the worst. Something is horribly wrong and no one has said what. Voices flutter in and out like lights flashing in deep fog. Still no one speaks of my condition.
I see the shot coming this time, a long needle, a silver fluid injecting into my arm. It hurts. They all watch me. I feel tired again. I see the blackness close in on my vision, slowly washing away everything. I see less of their curious eyes. I see only the impenetrable dark.
I dream, I think. I see a beautiful woman with sad eyes, standing in the daylight by a boy and a girl. I cannot speak to them; I cannot hear their voices. The sky turns grey, their faces and bodies are slowly erased away, as if they are smoke in the wind, vanishing along with everything else.
The talking wakes me. The room is now less bright; only a few faces crowd the bed. Someone is doing something to my hands. They still hurt, but also feel strange. Someone fixes my pillow, straightening my head, talking soothingly, asking questions maybe. I’m not sure if it’s directed to me or not. I’m still not sure of anything that’s happening.
A man hovers over me. He’s old. He holds a small light, shinning it into one eye, then the other. It’s bright! I turn in response, but the old man is persistent. The light shuts off and I look up to see the old man’s tan, smooth face smiling, eyes seemingly happy. I stare into the black pools looking back at me and suddenly remember the old man in the road. Was this him? Could it be?
Then suddenly I remember the crash. Images form with blinding speed, disappearing faster than they came, one after another, changing with a blink. But then someone jabs me with a needle and the pain steals my focus. The twinge from that rakes my body thoroughly. My feet feel cold now, fingertips numbing. So cold! My stomach begins to churn wildly, violently.
The old man reappears—not smiling anymore—talking. There is a gleam in the old eyes—very intense. I’m not sure that the old man is friendly anymore. I’m suddenly frightened by him. Others walk out of the room, leaving me with the old man. The old one continues for a few seconds, and then moves away. The room is now empty.
I rest in bed, feeling strange. It’s indescribable. My head slides into a dizzy spin. At first, I hate it. But after a few moments I give in and it takes me. Somehow it eases the pain. It drifts me into slumber.
As my eyes begin to close, I try to think of where I am. I cannot gather a thought though. I have no answer to anything.
My eyes shut closed. 
“See you soon,” the old man’s voice whispers very close to my face, chilling me.
The words echo through the blackness I slip into.



Chapter 1



Doctor Barton walked through the hall with his head bent towards the floor, his eyes narrowed to thin slits, and his breathing deep and hard. Beads of sweat line his high forehead up into his receding hairline. What was left up there is brown and kept short for a dozen of reasons. One of which was his need to fit in, to not stand out any more than usual. No need to draw attention where it was not wanted. Not with so many prying eyes, so many suspicious stares.
The trust was wearing thin on both sides of the coin.
He passed by a small group of doctors and nurses, who all kept fixed eyes on him. Barton made no eye contact. His eyes would reveal too much. It was better for his colleagues to not know what he was thinking; better for everyone if his wolfish smile remained out of their thoughts. He unbuttoned his white lab coat, loosening the collar around his neck, finding the night air in the halls to be humid and thick, almost unbreathable. Even after all this time he had not grown used to it.
All this time.
His hands balled into tight fists, his glare turning cold and bitter.
But he had never really set his mind to get comfortable, to get used to how things were. He had focused on doing the one thing he was brought in for, and then the life promised afterwards.
A promise denied ten times over.
He was a doctor—the best neurologist one could hope for. The doctors he worked for, however, lacked his experience in the field. Due to this, he was important to them. He was a necessary item that they could not afford to lose. They placed him between a rock and a hard spot, really giving him no other option but to work for them. It was supposed to have only been a few years time, they said. It was the beginning of a thousand lies.
The time for him to leave was arriving. He clenched his jaw tight, grinding his teeth as he thought how naive he was when it all had started. One thing led to another; one year passed into several. Time had slipped away quickly. And soon the dreams of tomorrow were chased away by the demons of reality.
No more. Not after tomorrow.
The time contract negotiated in the beginning had long expired. He had been promised a leave years ago, but there was always one more test, one more change that he had to create for them. Something was always conveniently delaying his departure. The end is almost near, they promised. Just a few more patients, they urged. We need you still, they begged. Time and again, he gave in and stayed. But his growing urgency to move on was noted, and they came to another agreement on a final patient number. It wasn’t as speedy as he would have wished, but it was settled nonetheless.
That patient arrived two days ago.
One more time. One more test, and I’m done.
I’m going home.
Barton would oversee the procedures on the last patient as planned, give them what they asked, what they bargained for, and that would be it. The deal paid in full. Then he was free.
The notion excited him. He could barely hide it from filling his eyes. It had been so long since he was free of the tedious work, free of the criticism, the speculation and paranoia. Free of them. The doctors never really accepted him, not fully. His judgments were always under scrutiny, always an eye watching. It was as if they were expecting him to fail them. As though they knew there would be a time when the protocol would be tossed aside so nonchalantly; as if his mere presence jeopardized their projects.
They were smart.
Doctor Barton smiled as he rounded a corner and came to a door, entering at once. Inside the lab were tables holding vials and tubes with colored liquids, some bubbling, some moving strangely, some steaming. Others were just dark and still. Cabinets lined one side of the room; DNA charts plastered to their doors. Diagrams of the human body’s muscle groups were scattered on the tables, notes and hand drawings plastered them. It was a scientist’s room, where calculation and risk were equals—where there were success or death.
An old man stood working against one of the tables on the far side of the room. He turned as Barton walked over towards him. “It went well, I take it.”
Barton wiped the excitement off his face. He stood across from Doctor Whitmere, watching him pour his solutions into other liquids. “As expected.”
Whitmere looked up from his work to meet Barton’s eyes, just for a second, and then went back to work. “Good. I was worried.”
“There’s no cause for it. He was brought in quickly and administered at once. I will check on him shortly, of course. But all will be well. Initiation is not a concern anymore.” Barton said flatly.
“It is you that I worry about,” Whitmere returned. 
Whitmere stopped working, setting his cylinder-shaped vials into holders. He was tall and thin, standing slightly hunched. His slender hands were wrinkled faintly; the skin smooth and delicate. Dark, brown spots covered his smooth, bald head. His eyes were a dark color, intense as he stared at Barton.
Barton sighed. “Why?”
Whitmere said nothing, just stared into Barton’s eyes. Barton held his gaze, refusing to ask again, nor to break away. After a few seconds, Whitmere pointed to a long flask.
“I have a new serum I need to test.”
“As you well know, my last patient is here, already underway.” Barton kept his poise.
“Darryl? Was that his name? I don’t recall.” Whitmere smiled.
Barton shrugged, smiling inwardly. It was a game that the old man played to see how close to the patients he had become, how attached, how closely he interacted. Barton knew the game well. Knowing the patient’s name would reveal a side of him that they wanted destroyed. It was something that he had fallen for only once.
“He’s just the end digit in a very long number.” Barton smiled back as the other stiffened.
“Bring him up to phase two tomorrow. I will begin to test his memory soon.”
“The patient is initialized. I’ve done my part.” Barton’s smile disappeared. “I’m done here. You know that.”
Whitmere gave him a look as though Barton had missed something entirely. He sighed. “You must see the patient through to completion, doctor. That is what we agreed.”
“That is not what I agreed!”
“Do not be angered. You will have your liberation soon enough. But right now, I need you to finish–”
“No!” Barton was furious. It was happening again.
Whitmere raised a hand to calm him. “I know you must be angry. But you know the rules.”
Barton thought about choking the old man to death. He had dreamt about it, envisioned it for so long now that it was a taste in his mouth and he was starving to feed. His anger was boiling as he saw the old man smile. He could wrap his hands around his scrawny neck and squeeze until his palms met. 
At that point, he almost leapt across the table and did so. But that would close and seal a door for good.
“I need you,” Whitmere said.
Barton knew the old man was manipulative, but this time it wasn’t going to work.
“I am growing tired of your need of me, doctor.” Barton kept his cool, taking control, as he was so fond of doing. “This is my last patient. I will do what I can for you, but then I am leaving. Your promises will not be enough to keep me this time.”
In the seconds of quietness afterwards, Barton could see the shift in Whitmere’s eyes. It was like watching the light at the end of the tunnel turn black. Barton felt trapped, helpless once again.
“We shall see.” Whitmere said sympathetically.
Barton swallowed hard. The fear in his eyes was evident. He slowly walked around the table, standing close to the scientist. “There’s nothing left to see.”
“I have a new serum to test. I need it to work. And in order for it to be successful, I need you. I wish it were another way, but I have been given my orders.”
Barton wanted to scream, wanted to run around the lab and break everything he could, wanted to see it all burn, wanted to inflict a pain so terrible on the other that he would never recover. An ache began to form in his heart; everything hurt at once. Breathing became difficult.
“It could take years for it to work,” he growled. “I won’t be here.”
“You must understand, we are breaking ground on new developments. You’ve shown us so much; your talents are irreplaceable.” Whitmere placed a hand gently on Barton’s shoulder. “We can do more than just tissue alterations and memory displacements. Our nanomachines can be anything. We are unlimited. Think about that for a moment. Think about what we’ve done already. The blood cells, the membrane. We are unlimited. Stay. Stay with me and let’s create together. You are invaluable to us. But you already know that.”
“You can’t keep doing this to me,” he whispered coldly.
“I don’t intend to.” Whitmere held his gaze.
“Why should I believe you?”
“Because I can speak to the Council and inform them that you are no longer needed. I can convince them that it is time for you to leave us on our own. And they will listen to me.” Whitmere smiled sadly. “No one here wants you to keep you against your will, doctor.”
Barton hesitated. “What’s stopping me from walking away, leaving you right now?”
“Can you do it…without my help?” Whitmere studied him carefully.
Barton was careful. He looked to the floor.
“Just one more.” Whitmere promised. “Then I will give you exactly what you want.”
“When?” He kept his gaze on the floor.
“She arrived with the male; a young woman. She will be the last. I promise.”
“Your promises seem to lack something,” Barton shot back. 
“Not this time, doctor.”
“If I do as you ask and you break your promise again, bad things could happen.”
They were quiet for a moment. No one moved. The tension could be cut between them. Whitmere’s face held nothing of what he was thinking; Barton’s told everything.
Then suddenly it ended. Barton smiled as if nothing was wrong. Can’t be too disobedient. Must let them think they are in control. Have your moment, old man. You don’t have many left.
“Settled then.”
Whitmere smiled. “It won’t be as bad as you think, old friend.”
Barton turned, walked out the door, down the hallway; his fists balled into rocks, his face flush by his boiling anger. Once in his lab, he unleashed a scream, pounding his fists into a table until it was dented beyond repair, until the pain was felt within his bleeding knuckles. Whitmere’s words echoed in his mind. He didn’t believe them. They would never let him go; they had never intended to do so. He was trapped.
He turned, flailing his arms in madness, smashing into a set of vials and liquid filled tubes, watching them shatter, watching the liquids mix with a steam and a hiss, watched it eat through the paper it had spilled on. Within seconds the paper vanished.
Barton watched, feeling as if his life was the paper. He would do as the old man said. One last patient. He was going home, one way or the other.
Barton’s anger turned into satisfaction. He might kill the doctor after all.



Chapter 2



The bed is hard, uncomfortable. It’s no less than lying on a metal table; not meant for anything relaxing. The room is dark and silent, save for the low hum of the machine beside him. A white sheet covers his body from the chest of his white shirt down to his dingy ankle-socks. His arms rest on top of his blanket, his fingers twitching involuntarily. Dark hair coats his arms, almost hiding the dried blood covering the thin scratches. His brown eyes open again, half aware of someone watching just beyond the fog swirling his peripheral vision. The drumming in his head is still present, aching like nothing he’s ever suffered. It was getting worse, even though they said it would lessen two days ago. He struggled to swallow against the dryness invading his mouth and throat, wincing as it happens.
His body ached through and through. It was more than just the pain from being in the car accident. This was deep; internal damage. Things inside his body were not functioning as they should. He could feel it. Something was amiss. But so far, all the doctors could tell him was that the accident left him injured in more ways than the amnesia.
“Who’s there?”
Darryl tried to speak again, balling his fists to push himself upright. But the dizziness washed away his will and his eyes closed against the pain. Through his own groaning he could decipher footsteps. But he was still too tired to open his eyes fully, too hurt still to care enough to make the effort. Sleep was coming again.
The side of his bed moved slightly. Darryl felt a hand brush down against his arm and warm exhale against his neck. Who’s there? Make the pain stop. Please help me. But he couldn’t talk. He didn’t even try.
There was slight movement against the bed, but Darryl didn’t open his eyes to see. He was already beginning to drift. Another shot? Another pill for the pain? But he felt nothing penetrate his skin, and no one pulled his jaws apart to make him swallow the pills they give twice a day.
“See you soon.”
The voice whispered in his ear softly. It was deep; a man’s voice. It had come to him yesterday, he remembered. It spoke words of comfort, but the voice was anything but.
Darryl fought the drowsiness as best as he could, inching his eyes open far enough to barely make out a dark form walking away from his bed to exit the room. He stopped struggling, drained from the effort. He closed his eyes in despair and let the dizziness take him.
The dream came instantly.

He stood in the bedroom of a familiar house. It was dark out; the room had no lights. Whimpers and painful sobs filled the silence. It was a woman. Instantly his body ached, almost crippling him to his knees. He called out to her, spinning in a circle, seeing no one in the darkness now that seemed to be swirling, hiding her even more-so. He caught whiffs of her perfume in the air, strangely feeling her presence close, just out of reach, and her crying only seemed to deepen each time he called out to her. Louder and louder he cried; still he saw no one.

Darryl awoke with a start. His body was shivering, laced in a cold sweat, the sheet underneath him soaked, the one once covering him now lying on the floor. His eyes opened wide. His breathing was short and just as rapid as his thoughts.
The dream was real, he thought. Lying in bed now, still seeing the dark room, still overwhelmed with the terrible ache, he fought to discover who she was. He knew her; he recognized her scent. His fingers curled into fists as he struggled to picture her. It was pointless. Even in his dreams his amnesia ruled.
Yet even so, he knew he was the reason she was hurting. There was no mistaking that. Whatever it was, it was his fault.
He swallowed hard. He tried to convince himself that it shouldn’t matter so much. He blinked it away, allowing his body to recover from the heartache it carried.
It was just a dream. It wasn’t real.
But it was hard to convince himself of that when it was the same dream every time his eyes closed.
Looking around now, letting the woman’s sobs fade, Darryl noticed the room was dark. The only light came from the hall, shining through the window. There were no clocks, nothing of which would tell him the hour. It was early morning, he thought. But it didn’t matter.
Time might as well be standing still.
Darryl sighed wearily. He was wide awake now. He turned to glance up at the machine monitoring him. Its murmur was low. He could barely make out its dark form, hidden in the shadows like Death watching over him, waiting patiently. It was monitoring his brainwaves, the doctors had told him. The rest of what they had said was a blur, a mess of fragmented words and slurred syllables. Darryl was too drugged at that time to remember most of what had happened when he arrived. Everything happened so fast, he thought. Such a blur.
Hey lay in bed, not bothering now to fall back asleep, wishing only to put some of the puzzle pieces in order. He had been there for two days now, so he had been told. The first day was a wash; the second not much clearer. He had been in a car accident, one of them had said. 
The older doctor. Or was it the younger one, the one with the bitter eyes? 
Darryl frowned, angry with himself for not being able to remember even that. But the look in the younger doctor’s eyes was unforgettable. He had held a look that made Darryl believe there was much more at work behind his expressionless face.
Darryl tossed and turned. Trying to get comfortable was a painstaking process that proved fruitless. Lying in the desolate silence, feeling abandoned by the world, he pushed aside his fears that he would remain this way forever. Amnesia was funny like that. It can wipe away everything you knew about yourself and make you start life completely over; discovering yourself anew; making you a new you. Maybe it was a good thing. Maybe not. But the choice had not been his.
He thought back then, suddenly remembering something that had passed between the doctors. It was an argument they were having about his amnesia. One of them thought he would never remember anything ever again. But the tone in his voice made it not sound upsetting. The other said Darryl needed more care; that he should be the one watching over Darryl.
Darryl thought back hard. Everything was in such a blur. He had been drifting in and out of sleep, hearing bits and pieces of conversations. Everything had been in a wash, swirling together in a dream-like haze.
Darryl groaned, mad again at himself for not being able to even know if what he thought he had heard was true. He could have been half-asleep, half-dreaming, contorting the reality with his imagination. It was hard for him to trust what little he remembered. And trying to think only make his head throb even more-so. He had hit his head on the steering wheel hard enough to have knocked him out, and the headache from it still had not lessened. It was the reason why he couldn’t remember, they told him. He could have not been wearing his seat belt and went flying through the windshield and been killed, they reminded. But at the moment, Darryl couldn’t tell which was the lesser of two evils.
God, why can’t I remember?
He closed his eyes, praying that the pills they gave him would help him remember something.
The spinning came abruptly, as it so often did, drifting Darryl into slumber.

The light shining in his eyes woke him. A doctor stood over him, the old one, the one with the friendly eyes and gentle voice. “Hold still. Just checking your pupils.”
Doctor Whitmere kept the small flashlight shining in his eyes for a few seconds longer then shut it off. He smiled. Somehow it brought peace to Darryl.
The room was well lit now, with the hall beyond filled with daily commotion as doctors and their nurses conversed and walked by his door. Days were always easier to handle than their counterparts.
“How am I?”
Darryl’s voice was still sore. He watched the bald doctor move away to stand beside him, nodding with a slight smile.
“I think, under your circumstance, everything will work out in time. You’re a young man; your body will heal quickly.”
“It doesn’t feel like it, doctor.”
“For now it shouldn’t. It’ll lessen soon enough; the healing will begin.” Whitmere turned from Darryl to check the machine next to the bed. Pushing a series of buttons, reading what the monitor gave him, the doctor nodded to himself in satisfaction.
Whitmere turned to Darryl, finding his patient struggling to rise. “Easy, Darryl. Lay down, relax. When your body is ready to move, it will.”
“Maybe you’re right,” he groaned.
Darryl did as he was told, resting back on the bed, sighing at the strain it took. 
“I’ll have some food brought in,” Whitmere said. “Darryl, your body has undergone a drastic change. The crash you were in left your body unable to respond to...well, a lot. The road will be long, and very hard.”
Darryl’s eyebrows bunched together. Angry, he tried to speak. “I can’t just—”
He began coughing. The pain from that nearly made him cry.
Whitmere frowned. “This is what I’m talking about. You’re trying to do things that your body is not ready to do.”
Darryl rubbed his throat. His cough settled. He remained quiet.
“In a day or two, you’ll be better. I promise. But until then, all you need to do is rest.” Whitmere was quiet for a moment, then added. “The mind is a wonderful thing. Precious. Capable. Defeatable. But in the end, it’s like everything else human—it can be made anew.”
With a pat on the shoulder and a smile, Whitmere turned and walked out the door. Darryl stared at the door long after the doctor left. It was going to be hard to accept any outcome that didn’t involve his memory returning.
After a short while, the door opened again. This time it was a tall man with a stern face entering, pushing a cart towards the bed. He stopped there, handing Darryl two orange pills and a cup of water. Darryl took them, drinking what he could. The male nurse exited without comment. Darryl looked at the cart, smelling his food.
He suddenly wished that he wasn’t so hungry.



Chapter 3



Her hair was a dingy blonde, shoulder length, pulled back away from her face. She slept quietly. Her face was sparkling in a few places; the dust of broken glass, perhaps. New patients often arrived with traces of an accident evident. 
She was young, he thought. Mid-twenties, youthful, vibrant, cute. She had an active lifestyle. Her muscle tone was prominent; she carried very little body fat. A jogger, he wondered. He was pressed close to her; her scent was surprisingly warming to him. His right hand held the injection gun; his left hand reached out and brushed against her forehead in through her hair. It was something that he had seldom done before; never to a male patient. He had no reason for it, though he was compelled nonetheless.
Doctor Barton stopped himself right then. He was getting too carried away. It wasn’t good for him to speculate on the lives of his patients. Whether he was right about them or not.
Adelle stirred gently, reacting to his touch. Barton flinched, drawing his hand away from her, studying her movements carefully. He wondered how much she remembered. Would she be any different than the male? Than any of the others?
Stop it!
Catching himself again, he acted quickly. With one fluent motion, he jammed the needle into her forearm and shot the injection solution at once. His face turned angry then. But it was done. And she was the last.
Adelle’s body began to quiver, slightly at first, then abrupt and thrashing. Doctor Barton stepped back. It would end soon, he knew. But first the solution had to run its course. And it was never pleasant; not even to witness.
“In a few days, this will all be forgotten.”
Adelle’s blue eyes shot open then, full of pain and worry. They stared deep into Barton’s, forcing him to step further back, to look away from the terror he saw there.
“What’s happening?” Adelle cried. “Make it stop!”
Barton was caught off guard. As he began to speak, her body stopped moving, her eyes closed again, and he remained silent. A few seconds later, he moved in close again. Her breathing seemed to be normal. Her skin color continued with its rather pale complexion. She would be fine.
Good, he thought. Now there would be no reason for Whitmere to send him another patient. With this one, and the male, both requiring another series of injections, his work would be finished in the day.
Let’s get this over with.

Darryl awoke with a stinging sensation in his left bicep. Alert at once, he looked up to see someone walking away from him. 
“Wait,” he called out.
Doctor Barton turned, nearing the door. “You need to save your strength.”
“What is your name?” Darryl asked casually, shrugging off the other’s glare.
“I am Barton.” Barton almost smiled. It was weird to have a patient ask him his name. No one ever had.
“Doctor Barton, what day is it? What time is it?”
In the seconds that it took for Darryl to ask his questions, pity took root in Barton. “It’s…”
And then it was gone. Barton’s face turned hard. “The next few minutes for you will be extremely painful. I suggest you relax your mind.”
Barton no sooner reached for the door when Darryl’s anguish belled. Barton walked out the door.
Darryl’s hands clenched his blankets tight; his scream ended, though his body was still posed in form. His chest lurched upwards, his head tilting back, his mouth wide open. Nothing imaginable could feel worse. A few seconds was all he could take. His eyes closed, forcing the tears to streak down his cheeks.

Barton stole through the hallway like a shadow fleeing the sun light. He was excited, but more so, he was determined. His feet hit the floor with a vengeance, moving directly for Whitmere’s lab.
“The job is yours, old man,” he said to himself.
He rounded a corner quickly, and there she was. Jean. She was one of Whitmere’s assistants; the only one to ever treat him fairly.
“Where are you going in such a pace?” she asked. She had seen him first, before he tried to slow his approach.
Barton stopped beside her. She was as tall as he, slim, with short brown hair and a fiery stare, stern and captivating at the same time. But when she looked at him, the fire was diminished. 
“Home.”
Sadness filled her eyes then. She frowned. “Whitmere will ask the Council for your release?”
Barton nodded. “Today is the day, Jean. I need to be moving on.”
She held him with her eyes alone. “I need to tell you something.”
Barton’s smile was departing. He had met her long ago. He counted her as a friend, for her part. “Jean?”
Her frown deepened. “I know you’ve been told this before. Whitmere has promised you a leave this time for sure? You are certain?” She shook her head. “I don’t want you to get your hopes up again.”
“They cannot keep me here, Jean.” 
Jean smiled sadly. “No, I don’t suppose they could. So if this is the end of your stay, I want you to know something.”
“Jean, don’t.” Barton’s head shook slightly.
“Just know that I never saw you the way the others did.” Jean hesitated, opening her mouth as if there was more to say, but didn’t continue. 
“I know, Jean.”
She grabbed his hands in her own, squeezed them firmly, then let go with a nod, and a smile that that was more heartbreaking than the look in her eyes.
He stared at her for a moment longer, and then rushed away. Whitmere had a promise to keep. And if the old fool chose not to, then he would be forced to take matters into his own hands.
He reached Whitmere’s lab. It was empty. Council chamber then, if Jean was correct. That’s where Whitmere would speak on his behalf. That’s where the promise would be cemented.
Barton continued through the hall, turning a few times, passing countless doors. Finally he reached a set of tall, double doors. He turned back; no one was looking. Quietly, he stepped inside.
The doors opened into a dimly lit hallway. He followed the corridor carefully; he didn’t want his presence known. The hall turned sharp and ran for a few yards before it opened into the Council’s meeting area. There would be eight men listening to Whitmere plead for his release. 
Light shined ahead; Barton kept close to the wall. Voices were heard, low but firm. Barton pressed further, waiting until he could hear clearly. Then he stopped, out of the light, out of reach, hiding in shadow. He strained his ears, breathing slowly and deep out of his open mouth; he made no sound.
And then he heard it—the conversation.
The end of it, he realized.
“And this can be achieved, doctor?” a deep voice asked.
“Yes, Council.” Whitmere spoke. “I assure you that the situation will be controlled.”
“Settled then.” a voice said. “He will be kept in your possession for the duration of his stay. Keep us moving forward, doctor.”
“And let us know of your project’s first results,” another added.
“Doctor Barton and I will begin testing right away,” Whitmere concluded. “Thank you, Council. I will not fail you.”
The words replayed over and over in Barton’s head. He had heard them loud and clear. There was no misunderstanding. They were denying his departure.
He realized suddenly that everything had gone quiet. They were being dismissed. They were coming.
Barton thought about confronting them right there, but thought better of it. He turned and sprinted away before being found.
He gained the hallway. His pace was quick, but not enough so that he alerted anyone. The few doctors he saw paid him no mind. The panicked look in his eyes had changed to something more casual. Hiding his feelings was something that he did masterfully.
But inside there was a sense of urgency. His stomach churned. He became nervous as he reached his lab and entered. He tried to sit and gather his thoughts, but he was too anxious. He paced alongside of a table. His mind raced with thoughts; the conclusion always the same—escape.
He took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. He had the upper hand, in a sense only that he knew of their plan, and they nothing of his. That gave him hope.
But the time to act was now. Escape became the focus. With that came anxiety. It would be nearly impossible. He wasn’t even sure his body could withstand the change now. He wasn’t the same physically as when he had first arrived. And all along, Whitmere has suggested that leaving would kill him.
If I left, I would be killed? Or they would kill me?
It didn’t matter. Staying further would do the same. He would not rely on them further.
He looked down to his hands, they were shaking. He wiped the sweat forming along his forehead. He stopped pacing. He began rationalizing. If he could grow back flesh and tissue, he could link broken chains. Every patient came with a problem that he worked to solve. His own wouldn’t be any different. He looked at his vials with solutions and formulas and promised himself he would figure it out.
He smiled in spite of himself. 
Promises. 
He hated that word.



Chapter 4



Darryl thrashed, grabbing various parts of his chest and sides. There was no one place that it hurt; it was everywhere at once.
Whitmere’s eyes narrowed, his eyebrows lowering in a slant towards his nose. He remained motionless, watching Darryl.
Then it was over. Darryl settled, his breathing returned to normal, the pain residing. His teeth still clenched tight, his hands still squeezing on his sheets. Then he let out a sigh, a slight moaning gasp to emphasize that it had left his system.
“What’s happening to me?” he asked Whitmere.
“Reaction to the medicine. Your body needs to change, to heal.”
Darryl nodded. “It hurts so bad. I can’t explain the pain. It’s like…tearing and twisting all at once. My insides are shifting around. It’s not normal for me to feel like this.”
“What I will do, Darryl, is increase your meds to counter the pain. If it’s persistent, then we will try something else. I will scan you, to make certain that your internals are acting they way I want them to. Healing takes time, though. Be patient.”
Whitmere turned to see the machine behind Darryl, staring at the monitor, hearing the beeping sound change in pitch, knowing that it meant Darryl’s heartbeat had changed, and his brain activity had lessened. After a few moments of studying, and thinking, Whitmere turned back to Darryl.
“Darryl, I think you’ll be fine in a few days. I am going to go look at your blood work. Remember, if you feel the need to rest, go ahead and do so. Relaxation is your ally.”
“I am tired a lot,” Darryl admitted. “And every time I fall asleep, I have the same dream.”
Whitmere paid closer attention. “Really? Explain it to me.”
“I’m in my house. It’s night. The house is trashed. I hear someone crying right away; I know it’s a woman. I can smell her, but I never see her. I look for her in the dark, but I never find her. She just cries and cries. It hurts so bad.”
“And you’ve seen her how many times?”
“I never get to find her. That’s what makes it so frustrating. She just cries in pain and I can’t get to her. When I wake up, I can still feel her pain. It’s so real, doc.”
Whitmere paused, picking his words carefully. “Your subconscious could be revealing to you some of your locked away memories. Of course, because of your amnesia, you could be the one crying, searching for yourself.” Whitmere smiled. “But then again, a dream is just a dream. I wouldn’t think too much about it, Darryl.”
Darryl sighed deeply. “I don’t think it’s just a dream.”
Whitmere turned for the door. “Okay. Your meds will be increased for the pain and I’ll see what can be done about your sleep. Rest is very important, as I said before. I will check in on you later, Darryl. Nice talking to you, and get some rest.”
“Thanks, doc.” 	

Whitmere entered his lab. Barton stood at a table staring at silver liquids in narrow containers. Whitmere hesitated. He could feel the tension right away.
“Doctor Barton, I am surprised to find you here.” Whitmere walked over to him.
Barton stayed silent for a moment. “Where would you expect to find me?”
Whitmere watched Barton inspect his work. “Do you know what that is? I’ve been working on that for a few weeks now.”
“You keep secrets from me.”
Whitmere paused. “What are you referring to?”
“This, of course.” Barton held the vial up.
Whitmere exhaled sharply, head nodding, smiling in relief. “We’ll I was hoping you would help me with it.”
Barton set the vial back into its holder. “I’m here so you can give me what I wish. I’ve have kept my end of the bargain. Again.”
Whitmere sighed. He swirled his solution around in the vial before setting in back into its holder. He turned, looking Barton square in the eyes.
“Let’s cut to the chase,” he began. “I have spoken to the Council, as I promised you I would. I argued your leave with them. They however, want you to work with me on this last project.”
Barton didn’t blink. Whitmere was taken by his lack of response.
“They feel that if you and I work together to finish this project, it will result in high success. In return, of course, your release, as you see it, will be granted. I know that’s not what you had planned, but I think it is for the best.”
Barton slowly walked around the table towards Whitmere. “I’m sure the Council has plans of their own, making mine of lesser importance.”
“Council’s plans are for the good of us all.” Whitmere stated.
“Why don’t I speak to them directly?”
Whitmere stiffened. “You know they won’t listen to you. You know the rules, doctor.”
“They’re your rules. Not mine.” Barton didn’t budge.
“You are not looking at the big picture. And until they agree that you are no longer needed here…” Whitmere didn’t have to finish.
“What if I make myself unnecessary then?” Barton said coldly. “What if I make people die?” 
Whitmere sagged. He could see it in Barton’s eyes. He could sabotage everything out of spite. “Then the formula you need, you will never have. Plain and simple.”
Barton tried to see the truth in the other’s eyes. There was more than he was being told.
“I wish there was something I could do,” Whitmere began.
“Give me the formula.”
Whitmere proceeded with caution. “I can’t do that, as I’ve stated. Council would not permit that to happen right now.”
“I think maybe there is no formula. You don’t seem to have a need for one.” Barton’s head cocked to the side. He was studying Whitmere’s every reaction. “Am I correct?”
“No,” he began with empathy. “And I will prove it when—”
“Enough.” 
Barton raised a hand, silencing the old man. He had heard it all before. He had come to give Whitmere one last chance to help him. There was a slim chance for hope; but the old man didn’t want to participate. It could’ve been easy, he thought. He stared into the other’s hard eyes with an edge to his own. He was calm, like the eye of a hurricane.
Both remained silent for a few seconds, measuring the other.
“I’m afraid I’ve put you under a lot of stress,” Whitmere said finally. “Why don’t you take the rest of the day off, relax, and clear your thoughts? I wouldn’t want you to make a decision that you would end up regretting.”
“From here on out, there will be no regrets.” Barton turned and walked out.
Whitmere stood alone. He walked over to his cabinet and unlocked a drawer. Pulling the drawer open, he saw a folder with Barton’s name on it. He paused, feeling relieved that it was still there, still locked away with all the secrets his patient sought, still safe and sound. Whitmere slammed the drawer shut and locked it.
Barton did not need to know, he thought. All he had to know was who he was working for. As long as Barton did that, everything would be fine.
Whitmere looked around his room. Keeping Barton content was going to be a challenge. He reflected then on the past successes with Barton. He reached into his pocket and held a few orange pills. He sighed. It was going to be hard to replace him, he thought wearily.

It was hours later when nurse Jean knocked on the door, then entered hastily without waiting for Whitmere to allow entrance. Her eyes were wide with worry. She spoke faster than she moved.
“You need to come with me, doctor!”
Whitmere was in the middle of jotting down notes on formulas used on patients, sitting at his desk, writing in codes only he could understand. But he bolted out of the chair immediately, following Jean as she sped into the hall.
“What is it?” Whitmere asked, jogging next to her.
She didn’t turn to him. “I am hoping you can tell me.”
“What is it, Jean?” he insisted.
Her head shook. “I don’t have the words.”
Whitmere was worried. Jean turned abruptly and entered a room. Several nurses and doctors stood hovering around a bed. There was a patient in it. Whitmere made his way bedside, listening to the others ask him what was happening.
“When did this happen?” he gasped.
Whitmere swallowed hard. The patient’s skin was bruised everywhere. It appeared to be female, but her face and neck were so swollen that identity was impossible. The patient was breathing slowly; fingers and eyes were twitching uncontrollably.
“Muscle spasms,” one doctor said.
“Complete nervous system failure,” a nurse followed.
Jean turned to Whitmere, angrily. “What did you do here?”
“This is not my work,” he spit back.
Whitmere separated the eyelids to see nothing but red pools. Strange popping sounds came from within her body. The patient screamed terribly, and then blood spilled out of every opening. Breathing stopped immediately.
The room fell into silence. A doctor threw a sheet over the body. Eyes turned to Whitmere for answers. He had none.
Whitmere spoke angrily. “Find out what happened here.”
As he turned to exit, stepping into the hall, another nurse rushed past. Seeing him, she turned around. “Doctor!”
“What is it?”
Whitmere’s face flushed with confusion as she told him how two of her patients were missing. She had no answers.
“What the hell is going on?!”



Chapter 5



Hidden in a dark room that was forgotten by everyone else, Doctor Barton thrust the long needle deep into the ear canal of his patient, watching his body thrust abruptly, his gut-retching scream muffled under the wad of clothing and tape gagging him, the chained cuffs about his ankles and wrists stretching taut to the corners of the bed, his eyes in panic, filled with a terrible pleas to be let go.
But Barton had other plans.
Pressing his strong hand down over the patient’s mouth firmly to cover any whimpers escaping, he began to inject his serum into the patient’s brain. Barton’s beady, dark eyes were squinting half closed, not the slightest trace of compassion revealed. He watched the eyes of his patient closely, anxious to see results, oblivious to the streams of tears coming from them. As the seconds went by, the screaming lessened; the eyes drifting to see beyond the one light shining overhead.
Barton removed the needle and placed his other hand against the patient’s heart. It was fluttering hard, pounding rapidly in an irregular rhythm. Then suddenly, it went still.
Barton quickly looked back to the patient’s eyes. Flat. Empty. A glossy stare, fixed and unwavering. Doctor Barton watched a milky film begin to cover them.
Again!
Grunting in dissatisfaction, he walked back a step to his chair and sat, out of reach from the light, sitting comfortably in the darkness, so adept to it now that it was preferred. He could see almost perfectly in nearly the darkest circumstances. Here, he felt as if the dark was his only ally—a warm blanket against the chilly air.
He began thinking. He was missing something. His calculations were wrong; too much of one thing, not enough of another. But he didn’t know. Maybe it was the patients he chose being so far advanced that he could not change them. But he was not certain.
Everything and anyone can be changed. In that one sense, we’re alike.
Almost, he thought, stopping his train of thinking that began comparing them to him. Any similarities began after he arrived.
And even then…
Barton’s breathing was steady and calm as he relaxed and tried to relinquish his frustrations, trying to open his mind to allow clear thinking. Retracing his steps, rethinking his solution and all the reactions previous, only allowed his anger to slowly seep back into place. Time was running out he knew. He could feel it. Like air slowly escaping knowing that none would return. He needed to be more efficient, more successful.
It’ll take them some time to find me down here. By then I should have what I need. A few more patients. Just a few. All at once though, because they will be looking now. Suspecting. Act quickly, before they realize. Before they have a chance.
The familiar snapping sound broke his concentration. He stood then, rising to the bedside to begin covering the patient with a bed sheet, watching the patient’s skin begin to darken, almost a purple color, as the blood vessels beneath the skin began to burst. It was a strange affect; one that he’d grown used to now.
With the body covered and the snapping fading, Barton pushed the bed out of the room, down the dark corridor, passing several closed and barred doors, until the end of the hall. A set of double doors stood and he entered without hesitation, pushing the patient quickly inside. The dark interior was lit with the flickering of a yellow glow cast upon the walls and ceiling, shedding from the fire burning within a large pit walled by a chute and a single iron-cast door. Barton pushed the bed to the furnace, opened the door, then grabbed the sheets into a bundle and tossed the body in, closing the door behind. Without looking back, Barton pushed the bed back out of the room, through the hall to his own secret chamber, already deciding when to fill the bed again.
No better time than the present.

Doctor Barton stalked through the patients’ ward unchallenged. It was early in the morning, too early for many of the doctors and nurses to be there. A few stationed here and there were all that was present. Enough to fill the need. 
Barton entered his lab cautiously, half-expecting someone to be hiding in the shadows, waiting to question him, or worse. He stood motionless at the door for a few moments until the suspicion passed. Nothing moved. Nothing was out of place. He was alone.
He turned on a single light and began to gather his formulas, syringes and needles, vials filled with liquids and empty ones for further use, a few handwritten notes and some files containing patient information, then shut the light off and turned for the door. Before leaving, he took a last look around, making certain he had all that was necessary. Another trip into the lab would not be wise, he knew. This was farewell. 
Barton shook his head, grimacing as unwelcome memories came. It had been his working space for the last ten years; his confinement as he saw it. This is where shady deals were made and broken. Whitmere had trained him here, had worked closely with him discovering new ways of healing the human body, of creating new ways of changing how the body responded to various stimulants, new ways of developing change altogether. Here he was introduced to a whole new world of thinking; unlimited possibilities were achievable. Goals were conquered. Dreams were never far from reality; everything was plausible. Everything. God was removed from the equation and they were the creators. Here is where it all began.
He forced his thoughts to the present. The past was filled with emotions he did not care to relive. Nodding to himself that it was time, he pushed away his memories like swallowing a bitter orange pill, opened the door and walked away.
The few people he saw in passing left him alone.

Doctor Barton wiped the sweat beads from his brow as he placed the last patient in the cage-like cell and locked the door. He would come for them when the need arose, when the serum needed to be tested anew. And it would, repeatedly. He walked away then, back to his new chamber deep in the dungeon-like cellar, listening to the handful of patients left behind moaning in anguish. Their bodies could not function properly. They were rejects, failures to initial testing. Their bodies had responded irregularly. Now they were left to die.
Opening the door to his chamber, he saw the terror set in the pair of eyes staring back at him. She was scared, the worry not leaving as he walked over to her. She was strapped in the bed tight, able only to move her eyes and fingers. Which she did frantically.
Barton stood over her. She was young. Her skin was pale, save for green and black splotches around her neck and chest. He reached down and pulled the collar of her shirt down further, just far enough to see the bruises clearly, seeing no end to them; her body shuddering at his touch.
She began to cry then, her mouth gagged so that no real sound was permitted escape, but it still belled from deep within her. Her cheeks were wet, her eyes begging for him to let her go unharmed.
“Sh. No need for all that.” Barton said flatly. “Not yet, anyway.”
He turned to his table, full of medical instruments, his vials and serums, the long needles and injection guns, and began to work. Mixing strange liquids in tube shaped vials, he waited to find their reaction. They were stronger doses than he was previously working with, adding more nanomachines, programming them slightly different, not yet finding what he was looking for, what would work, what would counter Whitmere’s intentions. But he would stay the course. He was determined.
He had been a part of creating the nanomachines Whitmere was using, so he was not completely lost in direction. It was simply a matter of finding how far the patient was in transforming and modifying the methods to react accordingly. New nanomachines would have to be injected to first eliminate the ones already at work, then to begin their tasks of altering cells. 
They were a marvelous creation, able to do unthinkable tasks. Internal bleeding was no longer a problem. Cancerous cells were devoured with no risk to the patient. Barton kept working on them, evolving what they had created. Altering DNA strands were no longer out of reach. And mixed with regenerative discoveries, they had pushed the envelope on creating new cells; they were able to grow human flesh. Nothing was beyond their reach.
After mixing solutions for an hour, Barton carefully filled his injection gun with a small dose. His patient had slipped into a slumber, exhausted. He pressed the nozzle up tight against her forearm and fired. The sound was barely audible; a sharp puff of air shot a blast of serum into her blood stream. The pain was minimum; just enough to wake her.
Groggy and sleep filled still, her eyes wandered slowly, before realizing where she was. Then they opened wide and the screaming began anew.
“Relax.” he urged. There would be some pain, he knew. It was inevitable.
Then her screaming faded.
Barton paid attention then to her vitals. One hand felt her pulse at her wrist, the other placed firmly over her hearth. Everything was normal. He waited a few seconds, watching her eyes. She looked around curiously, almost puzzled.
Barton smiled. He removed the gag from her mouth. “How do you feel?”
“What did you do?” Fear coated her words. “I feel…different.”
“You are different,” he whispered.
Barton turned back to his table, taking notes on what percentage he used, happy with the breakthrough. Anxious to make Whitmere pay, he worked faster. He would change everything now. All of their work was his to undo; everything would be destroyed. Now they would see exactly what he was capable of doing, of how heartless and ruthlessly cunning they had made him.
They were wrong to bring me here.
As he began to write, he heard a snap. His breathing stopped. He looked quickly to his patient in disbelief. Snap. Another followed. Then all at once it sounded like sheets of rain hitting a metal roof. 
Quickly he jumped from his chair, anger replacing the disbelief in his eyes. Her skin was purple in splotches, spreading rapidly. 
Barton pounded his fists into the table.
He stood over her for a few seconds, watching her eyes fall lifeless; his breathing invaded the deep silence. His face was an empty shell.
He began the ritual of disposing the body. His emotions made him eager to press on. Upon his return, he walked in with a new patient and began the process over. Within an hour he was replacing the patient again.
The morning hours whittled away like the number of patients. With the last one strapped in, the modified injection spreading through his bloodstream, Barton’s weary face watched closely.
“Tell me your name,” Barton said.
The man was elderly, his face a yellowish brown. “I don’t…” he trailed off, gasping for air.
Snap.
Barton was already pushing the bed out of the room. He didn’t look down to the patient. He didn’t need to. He didn’t hear the continuous sounds of blood cells bursting, or the faint escape of the patient’s last breath. The stress of being able to accomplish what was escaping him was bearing down heavily.
Back in his chamber, sitting at his desk staring at his vials, he began to wonder the possibility that they had made the nanomachines too efficient. Or the patients he was testing were so far advanced that maybe they could not be changed. Certainly not as fast as he was attempting. It would take time. Time to grow. Time to nurture. But there was no time.
He used his small machine to review his blood, to inspect his DNA again. The code was different from his patients. He had thought for hours upon hours over what it was that could change the codes, making the strands normal again. He went over his formulas hoping to discover what Whitmere was keeping secret. And for hours more he was unsuccessful. He mulled at his failings.
Then he saw what he was overlooking. The answer came to him suddenly and he felt foolish that it was so obvious. But what was needed, he knew, did not exist now.
“It’s too late,” he gasped. “They’re all initiated.”
No! Find the most recent. I still have a chance.
The last patient, last two, he corrected, would not be advanced at all.
Barton smiled. He would take them next.



Chapter 6



Darryl’s eyes opened slowly. He saw Doctor Whitmere and another man—a male nurse, watching over him.
“Darryl.”
“Good morning,” Darryl yawned. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes. “What’s going on?”
“Darryl, today we are going to start your physical therapy. Your vitals are reading well enough to begin testing your strength. Conditioning it, rather. A strong body will lead to a strong mind. How do you feel about that?”
Darryl nodded eagerly. “Anything that gets me out of this room.”
“Good.” Whitmere’s smile remained. “First, eat some breakfast, and then change your clothes.”
The nurse placed some patient clothing on the end of the bed, a pair of slippers too, and then motioned towards the wall where a small cart was placed, a plate of food waiting. Not even the awful taste of the food was enough to discourage him.
Darryl tried to remove his shirt. His chest ached, and he had a hard time.
“Would you like some help?”
Whitmere offered, motioning for the nurse to help Darryl. Darryl sent him a look that suggested he would pass on the offer, and Whitmere did not press the issue.
“Sit upright for a few long moments before you try to stand. We’ll be in the hall, if you need some help.”
“I think I can manage. Thank you, though.”
Whitmere nodded and walked away with the nurse in tow.
When Whitmere was out of the room Darryl began to remove his shirt and jeans, finding that his body ached all over. But he was able enough to change. The outfit he was given was loose fitting, making it easy to put on.
Standing on his own for a second without moving, feeling his blood begin to flow down into his feet, Darryl pulled the tray of food over to him. It was brown and chunky, wet, yet solid, cold in some spots, warm in others, undesirable in any case. Darryl frowned, and began eating. He didn’t care for the bitter taste, but he agreed that it looked worse than it was. 
Next to the plate of food were the two orange pills. Twice a day, he thought, wondering what good they were doing. He took them both, hoping they would return his memory as he was told they would.
While eating, he suddenly felt another presence. He slowly turned to the door, which had somehow opened without him knowing, and noticed the nurse standing in the doorway watching. Observing, he corrected. The stare the nurse gave made Darryl uncomfortable. It was almost a curious look, as if he had never seen a man eat before. But even without the strange look, Darryl was finished. He couldn’t eat with someone watching. Turning from the cart to the nurse, Darryl was beckoned to follow. Darryl smiled, anxious to leave the room.
Darryl was led down the hall, turning a corner and walking past several closed doors before the nurse stopped, opened a door and motioned for him to enter. It was a small room with a glass windowed room at its center. Weights were stacked along the side wall. Whitmere stood waiting.
“Darryl, come in.”
Darryl walked in, the nurse staying close to the door. “I made it this far on my own.”
Whitmere smiled. “Good, Darryl. You’re showing me that your body is healing as it should.”
“What are we going to be doing?”
“First, I’m going to have you keep walking.”
Darryl stared quizzically. “Where?”
Doctor Whitmere walked away towards the glass room. Stopping close to it, he pointed to the floor. Darryl followed, seeing now what the doctor was talking about. Built level with the floor was a treadmill-like mat.
“Stand right here and face forward.” Whitmere said.
Forward meant towards the glass room that Whitmere had stepped into, Darryl thought. He watched Whitmere push buttons, awhile he walked over to stand on the treadmill.
“I’m going to turn this on now, the mat will begin moving. It will be slow at first. Tell me when it becomes too difficult.”
Darryl nodded. “Okay. I’m ready.”
The mat began to move. Darryl walked with it, not having any difficulties. After a few moments he could feel the pace quicken slightly.
“Keep going, Darryl I need to run some test.”
Darryl was fine. It was a weird sensation in his lower half, but not necessarily one of pain or discomfort. The faster his legs moved, the more he sweat. And then his lungs began to ache. He was becoming winded.
Darryl looked into the lab Whitmere was in and saw a hologram of himself appear before the doctor. It was red, showing no skin or hair, only veins and organs, with his chest, brain, and some parts of his limbs a yellowish hue. Whitmere touched the hologram at certain spots and the organs enlarged, moving as if they were alive. Whitmere took his time looking through the hologram, making notes, looking back at Darryl every so often before adjusting the speed.
Darryl didn’t push himself. His legs felt heavy; his footfalls awkward. Moving his limbs felt unusual, ungraceful at times. It was though he was not used to using them. He was slightly embarrassed. His breathing was short, quick gasps when he finally called out to Whitmere.
“Stop. I need a rest.”
The belt slowed and stopped right away. Winded, Darryl stepped off it, hunching over with his hands on his knees, thinking that he was worked himself too hard. There was a pain in his chest. He was sore all over. His lungs ached in a weird sensation, almost as if something was blocking the air, or at least reducing the amount he was able to inhale.
Darryl coughed, feeling the sweat trickle down his back and neck. His body was beginning to feel cold. Looking up, he saw Whitmere still searching through the hologram. The look in his eyes was intense.
Whitmere worked for a few more minutes, then walked out and over to Darryl. As their eyes met, Whitmere smiled. “Very good, Darryl.”
He walked over to Darryl and checked his pupils and his pulse. He was pleased at what he found.
“How do you feel?”
Darryl’s ragged breathing was calming. “Winded. Sore. But not too bad.”
Whitmere handed him a small towel. Darryl wiped his face and neck. It was water that he really needed.
“How’s about a drink?”
“Of course. The results will need some time to calculate. Let’s get you showered and refreshed. Then I want to test your memory.”
“Sounds good, doc.”
Whitmere led the way back to Darryl’s room. In the hall, they rounded a corner and instantly Whitmere brought them to a halt. His voice broke Darryl’s drifting thoughts. Before them stood Barton with a patient.
“What are you doing?” Whitmere was irritated.
Darryl looked at the doctor, the one with the shifty eyes, who now looked guilty of something, and then to the patient--a woman. She was almost his height, about his age, and instantly captivating. She had blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes. 
It took Darryl a few seconds to realize that he was staring. And she was watching. Instinctively, he looked away.
“I’m following your orders,” Barton began slyly.
As Whitmere pulled Barton aside from the patients, Darryl swallowed nervously.
“What’s your name?” she asked at once.
“Darryl. At least, I think it is.”
Adelle smiled. “I’ve never met a man who wasn’t sure what his name was.”
“I have amnesia, so I…” he trailed off, thinking that he sounded ridiculous.
“Small world.” She watched him look away, then casually back. There was something in his eyes that she enjoyed. “So do I. My name is Adelle. At least, I think it is.”
Darryl smiled, broad and genuine. “Have we—”
Whitmere’s yell broke their conversation. They turned to look at the doctors, who were very close to each other. Both were upset.
“You’re jeopardizing—” Whitmere began before he was cut off.
“You can let me go anytime you want,” Barton growled. 
“No, I can’t. And just where did you think you were going?
He lied quickly. “I was taking her to your lab. We’re testing your new serum, correct?”
Whitmere was suspicious for a second. “You and I need to talk. Privately.”
Barton smiled hard. “What about?”
“I’ll see you in my lab shortly.”
Darryl paid little to their conversation. His thoughts stayed focused on the woman. And as the doctor, the one he remembered now to have seen earlier with Whitmere, the one with the cold eyes, began to escort Adelle past him, he stared into her eyes, watching hers find his, watching them fill with the same fascination. He did not look away as they walked past, staring even as she walked away.
“Darryl,” Whitmere began, “come along.”
Darryl turned around, noticing the doctor staring at him. He beckoned Darryl to follow as he walked away. Darryl took one last look at Adelle, and then hurried to Whitmere.
“Who was that?” he asked eagerly.
“That was Doctor Barton. You’ve met him before, Darryl.” Whitmere seemed slightly uncomfortable. “He’s a colleague of mine, a special doctor we’ve brought in to help us with our studies. He’s here advancing our progress with suppressed memories. He’s also working closely on developing cutting-edge technology for human tissue repair. He’s too smart for his own good.”
Darryl looked quizzically. “I was asking about the girl. Who is she?”
Whitmere did nothing to hide his irritation. “A patient; same as you.”
Anything else the doctor said then went unnoticed. Darryl’s thoughts remained on the woman. His brain replayed their brief encounter repeatedly, much to his delight. He remembered the curvature of her face, the soft look of her pouty lips, and something far more exciting in her eyes. He desperately wanted to know her.
“Darryl,” Whitmere spoke his name again.
Darryl looked up, not remembering the trip down the hall, or entering his room to where they now stood. The nurse had a door opened at the far side of his room; one he never saw until now. There was a shower inside. The water was already running. Whitmere was pointing to a towel on a hanger inside the room. His thin lips were moving, saying something. His eyes were filled with annoyance. Then he was walking away. The nurse stared at him for a moment, and then he too walked away.
It may all have been imagined. Darryl’s thoughts were still too wrapped up in the woman known as Adelle to be concerned with anything else.



Chapter 7



She smiled, unable to do anything else. The chance encounter had taken her by surprise. He looked gruff, rugged, the way she liked men to look. He was slightly taller than her with an athletic build. But as appealing as that all was, the look in his brown eyes was even more-so. She could not have helped herself from staring. Even when he had looked away, her gazed remained fixed. There was something in those eyes that had made her feel at peace. They made her feel comforted. There was a life in them that was absent in everyone else. Even when she was plagued with amnesia, his presence made her forget even that.
Walking away from him now, she stole a quick look back. He was already walking in the other direction.
Adelle smiled. Finally, things are looking bright.
Nothing was passed between herself and Barton as they walked. She had given up anything resembling a conversation as he had simply shut her out completely at each attempt. He offered nothing. She settled with that. Her thoughts stayed on the man with the dreamy eyes. Barton’s were much darker. She could almost feel the tension around him. His footfalls sped, hers also, trying to catch up, to keep pace without having to be pulled along so often.
“What’s the rush?” she asked.
Barton grunted something inaudible beneath his breath. He had decisions to make, and fast.
The grip on Adelle’s hand tightened, squeezing her thin fingers hard. She nearly jerked in response. She looked over to the doctor leading her, but his face was a mask of dark moods and blacker thoughts. The encounter with the other doctor left him so. The tension between them was obvious. Whatever had taken place definitely put him in a sour mood.
Barton led his last patient to Whitmere’s lab, opened the door, and pulled her in. He motioned for her to sit; there was a chair next to a table. He turned away and began looking through Whitmere’s things. He was quick, eyes scanning everything, searching and thinking frantically. Whitmere would arrive soon. He had little time to discover what he could.
He quickly checked every drawer, every cabinet, and every other place that Whitmere would be able to hide something. He found nothing. Then he went to Whitmere’s desk. One drawer was locked. Barton tugged and pried, but it wouldn’t open. He knew what he wanted was in there. But he didn’t have time to break it open without Whitmere knowing. Not now, anyway.
“Is everything okay?” Adelle’s voice was laced in worry. She was given no response.
Barton made Adelle uncomfortable. The way he didn’t bother answering her now made her worry. She watched him move fast, feeling very vulnerable. Whatever he was doing, he didn’t want anyone to know about it.
Barton saw a small case and opened it. Vials filled with a silver liquid. Quickly he took one out and put it into his pocket. It’s what Whitmere had been working on. It was his newest serum; the one he thought would change everything.
“What are you doing?” Adelle asked.
Barton turned suddenly, as though he didn’t realize she was even there. He walked over to her; her eyes flush with concern.
“What treatments have you been given so far?”
“Some pills.”
“Has Whitmere or anyone else administered any injections?” Barton pressed.
She wasn’t sure. “I think there was one, when they first brought me in.”
Barton checked her arms. One needle mark. He was relieved. That would have been his shot. No one else had touched her.
Adelle swallowed hard, watching him stare into her as if he was reading her thoughts, as if he could see everything about her. “Is everything alright?”
“Do you have any headaches? Chest pains? Weak or faint spells? Shortness of breath? How much do you remember?”
Adelle was nervous. “I don’t remember anything. I feel fine, mostly.”
“You’re taking the pills?”
Adelle nodded. She felt like a scolded little kid. “I take two pills with every meal.”
“Don’t take another.” Barton said sternly.
“Doctor Whitmere said they’ll help my memory come back.” She was confused.
Barton shook his head. He spoke quickly. “That’s not what they do. Don’t swallow them; don’t chew them.”
“Sure. Whatever you want.” She nodded with uncertainty.
She saw relief in his eyes then. His posture relaxed and the anger coating his face was washed clean. He smiled at her then. It did little to comfort her.
“Good, Adelle.” Barton pulled his injection gun out of his pocket. “I’m going to give you a shot now. It’s going to hurt a little. Don’t be afraid.”
Barton prepared a needle. He paused suddenly, looking back to the door, thinking he heard someone approaching. But no one showed, and he worked faster. With the needle pressed against her pale forearm skin, he began the injection.
“What is this going to do to me?” she asked, a hint of fear in her voice.
“It’s going to reverse everything.”
Adelle was worried. “You mean, it’s going to help reverse my amnesia?”
Barton’s eyes were cold. “You don’t have amnesia.”
Adelle panicked, but her body suddenly became racked in pain not allowing her to speak. Barton stood, hiding his tools into his pockets, listening to someone open the door.
Adelle wanted to scream. She was struggling for air. There were sharp spasms in her brain, throbbing terribly. Something was atrociously wrong. Darkness pooled at the edges of her vision, swirling into the center. She barely made out the confused look in Whitmere’s eyes before the blackness enveloped her.
“What happened?” Whitmere asked, watching Adelle’s eyes close. She slumped to the side of the chair. Whitmere checked her breathing and pulse.
“Phase one.” Barton didn’t make eye contact. He didn’t stand near Whitmere as he checked over Adelle.
“She’s in shock.” Whitmere was concerned. “How much did you give her?”
Barton shrugged. “Reactions are always different. The outcome is what matters. You know that better than I.”
Silence fell over the room then, save for the girl’s trembling body. The doctors stood for a few moments, watching her body movements slow. 
“She could die,” Whitmere said.
Barton shrugged. “Many have.”
Whitmere turned to face him, curious as to why Barton would have thought otherwise. “What did you do?”
“I do what it takes, doctor. That’s why I’m here.”
They were quiet for a moment while they each studied the other. Then Whitmere sighed and began speaking with a hint of suspicion.
“I had a patient die today. Her body jelled from the inside out. It was strange and odd to be happening now. I have not seen it in years.”
Barton said nothing.
“What do you suppose happened?”
“Is this what you wanted to see me about? A dead patient?” Barton was annoyed.
“No one else had access,” Whitmere began with irritation.
Barton enjoyed the cat and mouse game. He smiled, lying through his teeth. “I haven’t killed anyone, doctor. Interrogate your own people.”
The suspicion didn’t leave Whitmere as he stared at the other. Barton held his gaze briefly, and then turned back to the table.
“What are you working on here?” he asked.
Whitmere walked over to where his silver liquid vials were. He removed one from it case, holding it up level to his eyes. “This has twice the magnitude of what we’ve been working with. It’s untested, of course. But stable.”
Barton shrugged carelessly.
Whitmere’s words were charming and slow. “You’re not curious at all by what this could mean? Everything’s simplified. Less testing with faster results. It’s a work in progress still. I am but one man, one mind. But together…Well, together we could—”
“And then what happens to me?” Barton’s face tightened. His jaws clenched down hard. His sarcastic tone was not overlooked.
They were quiet for a moment. Barton waited for a response, watching the old doctor swirl his serum in the vial, watched his eyes dance with desire. Barton stiffened as Whitmere turned towards him. The smile was gone; his old eyes knowing nothing of childhood dreams.
“Let me ask you this, old friend.” Whitmere began. “If you were allowed to leave, where would you go?”
If? Barton could feel the heat flush his face. If?
Whitmere laughed casually. “Let me rephrase my question. Where could you go? Surely you realize how much you’ve changed since arriving. Your adaptation is severe. I can help you, as I said before, but the outcome may not be one hundred percent. There’s no guarantee. And if you left in the state you are in now, at this stage, you would risk your own life. You may want to rethink any sort of hasty leave.”
“I’ll take my chances,” he said, his lips barely moving. He kept his fury in check.
“A poor decision, my friend. Even for you.” Whitmere’s smile disappeared. 
“I’ll live with it.”
“So, there’s nothing you will stay for? Not me, not our work, or anything else? You are fully prepared to walk away from everything? You are positive?”
Barton inched forward. “Give me the cure.”
Whitmere nodded. He looked defeated. “I will inform the Council and tell them that you are leaving.”
“I think you’ll tell them what you wish,” sighed Barton.
Whitmere swallowed hard. “Do me one last favor? Escort her to her room while I rush to see if the Council is in?”
“Of course.” Barton nodded obediently. Run and tell the Council that your plan failed. Run and warn them. Or simply run for your life.
Whitmere exited the room. Barton helped Adelle to her feet. She was still too out of it to walk on her own. He unfolded a wheelchair and sat her in it. Pushing her out of the lab, he saw no sign of Whitmere.
They reached Adelle’s room without incident. He put her in her bed. She was whimpering. She was alive, though.
He reached into his pocket and felt the vial stolen from Whitmere’s lab. Time for more testing. This time he’ll use the new serum, said to work twice as fast.
He bent down to Adelle’s ear and whispered, “See you soon.”

In the middle of the night, the screaming began. Darryl awoke at once, startled. He lay in bed for a second, confused, and not knowing whether it was real or if he had dreamt it. Wide awake now, all he heard was silence.
A dim yellow light came through the window of the door. The hall light began flickering on and off. It was annoyingly hypnotic. It was not bright enough to do anything other than place dark shapes in clusters around its perimeter. Darryl stared at the door’s window. As his eyes fixed on the lighted square, his mind drifted back to Adelle. She was out there. Somewhere in a room like his own. Alone, maybe thinking of him.
Another amnesia patient. I wonder what happened to her. I wonder if she’s nearby. She would be given the same treatment, so it was likely that they would place her in the same ward. She could be one room over. Lying in bed, too. Awake. Talking to me in her head.
He frowned. His sigh was depleting.
Yeah, right. She’s probably got a good life waiting. Married. Kids. Her husband is probably a professional athlete. She’ll remember him and forget she even saw me. Probably already has.
Darryl turned in his bed, putting his back to the door, closing his eyes to the dreams that would not be coming true. He felt isolated. It was heartbreaking to be alone, feeling forgotten and abandoned. He was starving to be fed his memories. He was desperate to cling to anything that he thought would identify him. Anything that wouldn’t leave him.
I don’t even have my dream now. Everything has left me.
He squeezed his eyes shut hard. He blanketed himself in the warmth of depression and self pity. Something needed to change. Something positive. The doctors told him the road to recovery was long, but they had no idea how dark it was.
Then she screamed.
It was shrill, loud and filled with terror.
What the…?
Darryl sat up instantly. His heart pounded. His eyes were wide and alert. A shadow rushed by his window. He was scared. The scream came again, louder. It was closer. And then he thought he recognized it. He walked to the door and waited beside the window. He heard her then, her muffled whimper, her screaming gagged through the struggle. His heart pounded harder. He recognized the voice. Swallowing hard, he looked out the window. Nothing.
But he heard the approach. A dragging sound; something soft. Not metal, not heavy. Darryl’s eyes still penetrated into the yellow flickering light. 
Then figures passed—two bodies dragging one.
Adelle!
Gagged and bound, her eyes still found his. Then she fought hard then. Arms flailing, thrashing and elbowing her male captors, as she screamed, searching for a chance to escape. As the two men lost their balance, Adelle ripped the cloth from her mouth and ran to Darryl’s door.
Darryl pressed himself against the window in shock. He saw the fear in Adelle’s eyes. Then the men were grabbing her.
“Darryl!” she screamed. “Darryl! Don’t listen to them! Don’t let them touch you!”
Darryl stood speechless. The men tackled her to the floor, trying to gag her once more.
“Don’t take the pills!” she screamed. Then the cloth was being stuffed into her mouth once again. “Remember me!”
But the last of her efforts were muffled. She continued anyway while they drug her away down the hall.
“Adelle! What’s going on?” Darryl yelled. 
Abruptly a face appeared in the window. Darryl jumped back. Cruel eyes burned into his own. Then suddenly the figure was gone.
Darryl moved close to the window again. He saw the other man walking away, following the others. He stared for almost an hour after they were gone. No one else came. No one followed them. Still he waited. He envisioned her running back to him, free, smiling.
She never came back.
He replayed her warnings over again. It didn’t make sense. But the sheer panic in her voice and the terror in her eyes were convincing enough for him to consider that she knew something he did not.
He realized then who it was at the window. The set of beady, cold eyes he had seen earlier. It was the doctor. The one they called Barton.



Chapter 8



See you soon.
The chilling voice echoed in Darryl’s mind. It pulled him from his sleep in a quick, sharp gasp. He was instantly afraid. He frantically rubbed his eyes, but he saw no one. He was alone in the darkness.
His body was laced in a cold sweat as he sat upright and stared into the shadows. The hall light had stopped flickering, stopped shining altogether now, leaving his room shrouded in blackness. Staring at the door’s window, doing so now out of habit, out of expectance, he waited for someone to show, for a shadow to slip by. But he saw nothing. The only presence he was aware of now was the silence.
Darryl lay back, feeling the cool wetness of his pillow and sheet press against his hair and skin as he tried to get comfortable once again. He took a deep breath and began convincing himself that the voice was part of a dream. But his dreams lately were just as empty as his memory. He swallowed hard; his eyes moved nervously, scanning the room. He was wide awake now, and falling back asleep was not going to happen easily.
Adelle flashed before him. Her face was strewn in lines of panic; eyes plagued with terror, arms reaching, fingers extending, voice pleading for him, for help that he wasn’t giving. The image appeared so fast that Darryl thought for a second it was real. Impulsively, he looked to the door. Her words avalanched everything in his mind. 
Remember me!
The connection Darryl felt to her could not be dismissed as mere pity of circumstance. It was more than just his physical attraction to her, much deeper than superficial. There was substance there; it was undeniable. The way she had called to him with such urgency, such normalcy, as if she knew exactly how he would react, was all too real for Darryl to simply ignore.
Darryl’s thoughts stayed on Adelle as he lay in bed, content to let his mind wander. Where did she go? Why was she taken like that? What did she do wrong? What did she know?
I’ve never seen anyone look so scared. Why wouldn’t they try to calm her? It was like they didn’t even care. Like her feelings didn’t matter. Who could be that cold? Where’s their humanity?
Darryl fought to grasp the answers to his questions. But the questions were abundant, and the answers were obscure. Finally, exhaustion overcame him. His eyes shut, his breathing slowed. Before sleep washed away all his thoughts, he promised himself that he would never forget her.
It was morning when Darryl awoke. A tray of food, two orange pills, and a glass of water were sitting on a cart next to his bed. He sat upright, leaned over and took the pills, bringing them up to his mouth. Then he stopped. He stared at them in question. He remembered Adelle’s plea—her warning not to take them. He stared at them in a new fashion; he was inspecting them. He was curious about them now, as before he had simply taken them because it was what he was told to do.
Something moved outside his window. His nurse, watching. One eye shifted to find Darryl’s. The look made Darryl swallow the pills. The nurse turned away, but didn’t leave.
Darryl cast aside his suspicion and doubt and put his trust in Whitmere’s word. The pills were made to help. They were fine. He was putting too much thought into all of this and just needed to let the doctors do their jobs.
He turned in bed, placed the tray on his lap and convinced himself to eat when the door opened and Whitmere walked in. The doctor was troubled by something.
“Good morning,” Darryl greeted.
“How do you feel this morning, Darryl?” Whitmere stood beside him.
“I’m okay. Still a little tired, though.”
“Darryl, has Barton come to visit you this morning?”
Darryl shook his head. “You two don’t get along, do you?”
Whitmere was taken by surprise. “Well, sometimes it feels as if we are from different planets.”
Darryl smiled. “Well, everyone has their own way of doing things.”
Whitmere’s face sagged with frustration. “I need to know right away if he comes in contact with you.”
Whitmere stared at him for a second, making certain Darryl understood he was serious. Then he turned and walked for the door.
“How is she?”
Whitmere paused, turning back. “Who?”
“Adelle. Is she doing better today?”
Whitmere stared blankly. He had no idea what Darryl was talking about.
“She just seemed so frightened last night. I was just curious.” Darryl finished to himself. He felt embarrassed.
“What are you talking about?”
Darryl realized then that Whitmere was unaware of Barton’s actions. He told the doctor what he saw. He told him everything. Whitmere’s expression never changed. His eyes still held a penetrating gaze.
“She was hallucinating, Darryl.” Whitmere stated firmly.
“I don’t know. She was genuinely terrified.”
“A mere side affect, possibly triggered by a bad dream, or a fragmented memory. It’s very common.”
Darryl looked away. He let Whitmere’s explanation sink in, thinking it through. It would be scary to believe in something that was never real, or had never happened, he thought.
“Should I be taking the same medication?” Darryl asked. “I don’t want to end up like that.”
“Even if the symptoms are the same, everyone is different, and handle, and react differently. Individuals are unique and are treated accordingly.
“Patients here are tested for various sorts of disorders. None of them are pleasant. Most of them require a lot of attention and dedication from our behalf. What you witnessed was an outburst caused by a reaction to her meds. This girl suffers from amnesia, as you do. She, unlike yourself, however, is not recovering very well. As you are able to stabilize yourself, she is falling apart. For her, the present is a very scary place. When she lost her memory, she was stripped of everything and now has nothing holding her together. Dementia and paranoia are setting in already.
“I would consider her a risk to herself, and anyone coming in contact with her. It would be best if you forgot all about it.”
Darryl frowned. “She seemed so sure of herself.”
“Whatever state of mind she has slipped into is very real to her. And that is what’s so frightening. Some patients cannot tell the difference between being awake and asleep. Without the proper treatment, they slip further out of reach. Then they become dangerous.”
Darryl was quiet for a moment. Whitmere painted her in a light that was hard for him to see. “What about the pills?”
“Darryl, you must understand how delicate your situation is right now. The mind is something unlike anything else the human body has that needs repair. There’s no simple solution. If your skin is cut and bleeds, it can be sewn shut. But if your mind is losing its lifeblood, it needs to be nurtured; it needs to be caressed, slowly and carefully. The pills help to do that. They help to soften the blow, if you will. A direct approach could be fatal. The pills are a vital part of the recovery. Trust me. You need to take them.”
Darryl sat in silence. Whitmere was right. “I hope she gets the help she needs.”
“She will.” 
Whitmere turned, walking for the door again. Before he could exit, Darryl called out to him.
“Tell her I said I will never forget her. It might help her somehow.”
Darryl saw a change in Whitmere’s eyes, his whole expressionless face flushed in a second. It was quick and changed back before the doctor replied.
“Why would you say that?”
Darryl shrugged. “Last night in the hall, she asked me to. Told me to, I guess. But I don’t think I could ever forget a face like hers. I wouldn’t want to, anyway.”
Whitmere stared at him for a second, and then walked out. He turned to the male nurse in the hall standing beside the door. His words were stern and hushed. “Find Barton.”
The nurse nodded and walked away. Whitmere’s grimace deepened. He turned down the hall, deciding where to wait and what to do. It had been early in the morning when the news came to him that Adelle was missing. Nurses had searched everywhere. As her doctor, Barton was to be in question. But he too could not be found. Whitmere had grown suspicious instantly. Knowing Barton’s state of mind and what he was capable of doing, Barton became a person of interest right away.
Whitmere walked into Barton’s lab. He noticed certain items were missing. It looked as if the doctor had left in a hurry.
Fury was boiling in Whitmere as he realized what was taking place.
Whitmere stepped out into the hall. He stopped two nurses that were walking by. “We have a breech. I want everyone to know that Doctor Barton has broken protocol and is considered extremely dangerous. Search every room. I want him found immediately.”
Fear crept into the nurse’s eyes and they fled down the hall. Whitmere turned, stalking back to his lab. His eyes were cold; betrayed.

It was later in the day when his nurse came into his room and escorted Darryl down the hall to the exercise room. Whitmere was waiting when they arrived, depicting a sense of displeasure that could not be overlooked. His movements and gestures were coated in annoyance and impatience. 
Darryl ran on the treadmill. He found almost no increase to his stamina, almost no progress whatsoever. Abnormal, was the best way he could describe how his body felt. He wondered what the doctors were doing to him.
Whitmere was puzzled as well. His eyes stayed gleaming as he checked out the hologram intensively, paying close attention to Darryl’s blood cells. By touching the image, he could manipulate the hologram to check deep into Darryl’s blood stream, to separate a single cell, and to break that down. He did a thorough check on all of Darryl’s vitals, coming to the conclusion that all of his work, his serums and injections, were not working as they should. Every other patient at this stage had been more advanced. It made no sense that Darryl was somehow immune. He took his time, rechecking his findings, making certain that his conclusions were right before deciding on stronger dosages, more frequently.
After a few minutes, Whitmere left the lab. He spoke only to the nurse, and then walked back into his glass-walled lab. The nurse motioned for Darryl to follow him. Darryl was taken back to his room. He showered, was fed, took two more pills, and then went to bed. Soon his eyelids became too heavy to remain open. The last thing he remembered before falling asleep was the nurse’s face in the window.

It was in the middle of the night when he felt something sting against his arm. Groggy and disoriented, he struggled to open his eyes in time to see what was happening.
“See you soon,” whispered from within the dark.



Chapter 9



The doctor held the vial of blood up close to his face. He kept the room dark, with very minimal lighting. Too much light would be a risk, and the darkness was too comforting to be rid of.
He capped the vial and set it in his hand-held machine. After setting it to read what he wanted, a vision flared from the device in a red light. It was the blood sample brought to life. He saw the nanomachines at work within the cells, structuring and reconfiguring—changing.
Then something else changed. His work, his creations, were being destroyed. It was rapid, almost a blur, as the cells then erupted. His cruel eyes blinked, remaining shut for a few seconds. When he opened them again, he began thinking.
He opened up his case of vials and placed the one he stole from Whitmere in a holder. He carefully poured a droplet into a separate vial then placed that into his machine to read its contents. He saw Whitmere’s creations, more advanced than what he had figured. He studied them for a great while before adding a few drops of blood from the tube titled Darryl. 
He saw then that his serum wouldn’t last against what his mentor had created. The silver solution was far too dominant, far too aggressive. After only seconds in Darryl’s blood, Whitmere’s nanomachines were attacking his own, then reconfiguring the cells. They didn’t dissolve the way the rest were made to do, either. Instead, they lingered.
Why?
Barton watched them for nearly an hour. Nothing changed. So he added more blood. Once he did so, they attacked. When they were finished, they laid dormant. Barton then added some of his own solution without the blood. The results were the same.
Barton stood back from the hologram then.
They are like watchdogs, destroying foreign material, anything that would hinder the original intent, perhaps.
“It doesn’t change anything.” Barton growled.
I will find a way to destroy them. Whitmere’s little watchdogs will have a flaw, a weakness that I will apply pressure to. After all these years of working with him, I know his habits. Better than he, probably. I’ll discover what I need to. Like I always have. 
Barton smiled in spite of it all. He was empty. He was cold and cunning. His former self, what he was when he had arrived before had been removed. It was necessary for them, he knew. Wash away everything that he was made of in hopes that he would serve them without question.	Give them what they wished without ever really knowing it.
But he had known. The same techniques applied to others were given to him. But somewhere down the line they stopped watching, stopped being so careful, thinking that he was theirs alone. He understood what was happening, how he was supposed to act, and did so accordingly. He let them see what they wanted. He let them be blind to what was happening. That’s when his treatments stopped and with them died his changing. It was their mistake and they would make certain that it proved fatal.
With a cold smile, he turned, sitting at his table of vials, and began working. He was lost in thought when the voice spoke behind him.
“Put it down and move away from the table.”
Barton flinched, almost panicking. The anger in his eyes could not be replaced, nor did he bother doing so.
“Surprised? You have a stink that can be traced anywhere.” Doctor Mellson spoke coldly. He stood at the door, flashlight held in a striking position. His old hands were shaky; his head brown and shaved, like the others. His eyes were a mix of mistrust and caution as he stepped forward. 
Barton stood. “Well?”
“Care to explain what you’re doing?”
“I’m planning to kill you.”
Mellson’s head cocked slightly. His hands grasp the flashlight even harder.
“No. You’re coming with me,” he returned.
Barton moved slowly towards him. “No. I am going to stick to my plans.”
Mellson saw the patient in the bed, bound and gagged. “That is one of Whitmere’s patients. What are you doing?”
“I am going to change her,” Barton said. “Make her more like me, less like you.”
Mellson froze. His nervousness showed. “They would never let you do that. Not down here. Not on your own.”
“I make the plans now. None of you have control over me anymore.”
Barton came within arm’s reach and stopped. Mellson stared into his cold eyes, expecting the confrontation. It was coming; he could see it.
“I never trusted you. You should be the one bound and gagged.” Mellson stepped forward. “They never should have brought you here.”
“I agree.”
“They should’ve killed you!”
Mellson lunged forward, swinging his flashlight down, missing Barton’s head. He felt a stinging sensation against his neck then, and he fell against the bed. He rushed quickly to stand, already aware of his vision blurring, of the dizziness setting in, of his attacker moving in the darkness. 
Then the light shut off. Mellson swung his arms about, striking nothing. His breathing became hard, his inhaling was thinning. As he toppled to the floor gasping for air, the light overhead came on. But it was too late. 
Mellson was turning numb; his sight was turning grey. Barton stood over him, humored by something, appearing as a predator watching its injured prey slowly die. Mellson stared fixedly as the darkness overcame him.
Barton watched until Mellson’s eyes went flat, the struggling turning motionless. He wondered how good it would feel to have Whitmere laying before him.
He turned, aware suddenly of another presence. In the bed, Adelle’s eyes were open. She had seen it all. Barton walked closer to her. Her screaming was muffled by the cloths gagging her. Her hands and legs began thrashing against the bands tying her to the bed.
“Relax. He’s dead.”
Barton stared at her for a second longer, and then bent down to pick up Mellson’s body. He lifted him up onto one shoulder, then walked to dispose of him.
Adelle watched the door shut closed behind him, then frantically worked on breaking her restraints. He was going to kill her, she knew. Bits of memories slipped into place. All that had happened from the time of her arrival was out in the open. There were no more barricades to hide the truth. She knew what was happening. She knew what the orange pills were really doing. And what Doctor Barton really was.
The bands pulled taut around her wrists, rubbing her flesh, exposing what lay beneath, as she tugged and twisted her hands free. The pain from doing so was excruciating. Quickly she pulled the strips of cloth from her mouth, spitting the taste with it. She sat up quickly; a pain deep within her chest prevented her from untying her feet.
“What did…?” Barton was surprised, shutting the door as he stepped in.
“Stay away from me!” Adelle panicked. “I know what you did! I saw you kill him!”
Barton turned to his table, moving casually, not at all threatened or concerned. He filled his injection gun with one of his serums, and then moved closer to her.
“He needed to die.”
Adelle began to kick her legs hard, trying to break the rubber-like bands. She began crying. “Darryl!”
Barton moved in closer. Adelle kept an eye on his every move. She saw the needle. Her screaming became hysterical then.
“No need for all that,” he said. 
“Don’t touch me!”
“You think you would be in better hands if I left you alone?” Barton laughed, cold and quietly. “I am going to inject you with this. When you wake, you’ll see things in a new light.”
“No, no. Please, don’t. Please, just let me go.”
“It’s going to hurt a little.”
Adelle stopped crying, stopped flailing her hands to keep him away. Her body ached. She felt nauseated. Cold chills replaced the warmth of her anger.
“What did you do to me?”
“Sh. Relax.”
Adelle was aware of him talking, of his arm reaching down towards hers, but none of it registered. Something was not right in her body. She lacked the ability to move. The desire was not there. She looked from the light overhead down to her forearm where he had already stuck the needle home. She hadn’t even realized it.
“Good girl.”
Barton tied her arms again, putting the gags back in her mouth as well. Adelle didn’t fight him. Her head felt like it was vibrating, rendering her helpless.
“When you awake, things will be different.” Barton bent close and whispered, “See you soon.”
In a second, she was out.
Barton marveled at that. The serum used on her worked to perfection. It was made to slow the human body down long enough, slow enough, to allow the nanomachines to work, to change the necessary structure within the blood. Through trial and error, it was discovered that a direct injection was too accelerated for the body to handle; the change came too rapidly. Slow the heart rate, slow the body, and give the host a chance.
The idea came to Barton suddenly. He slowed his movements towards the table, stopped his train of thought completely, and stared at the vial containing Whitmere’s new serum.
He would have created them to live in the environment of the solution. The serum. The serum…
His train of thoughts sped towards conclusion. His breathing quickened with anticipation. He was discovering what he had overlooked for so long.
He reached down and took hold of the vial and stared into its silver liquid. The serum. His ideas began clicking faster and faster, one after another, until its entirety was before him.
Barton began working right away. It was painstaking and tedious, and all the right tools were not with him for the extraction. Seated at his table with the vials before him, he began to counter Whitmere’s serum with something much faster; something that would not allow the body to slow, but to speed it up. The solution would not work in a patient unless it had already been subject to their plague.
After a few hours, Barton stood. His work was complete. A vial of black liquid was in his hands.
Now to test it.
He used a small sample of blood from a tube and placed it into his hand held machine. Once the image came up, he added a small drop of his new invention.
“Of course.”
Doctor Barton’s lips curled up. He saw what Whitmere had implanted previously and watched his own inseminations destroy them. They worked perfectly. His plan was brilliant, flawed only by the length of time it took to achieve it.
Barton stared at the vision for a few more seconds, marveling at his creation, before shutting down. The blood sample was removed and set in a holding case alongside other sample tubes. He turned then, staring at the figure in the bed behind him. The woman, gagged and bound, asleep now, but changing all the while, would be necessary to his fate. If she survives, then he could.
And now, the slave becomes the master.



Chapter 10



Darryl sweated freely. He stood beside the treadmill and waited for Doctor Whitmere to finish up what he was doing in his lab. He had managed to run a good length without tiring, though his chest still felt strange when he breathed in deeply. Once while running his eye sight blurred, just a quick white flare, just enough to cause him to slow and wait for something else to happen. But no other affects showed. He had slowed his pace regardless, wondering if he had pushed himself too hard.
The hologram in the lab disappeared and Whitmere stepped out of his lab and walked over to Darryl. The smile he gave offset the concern in his eyes.
“Well?” asked Darryl. He wiped his face on a towel.
Whitmere stared as if he was working out a problem in his head. “You seem to be moving in the right direction. You’re getting stronger. Your stamina is increasing already. And that’s remarkable, considering your physical health when you arrived. You are sleeping more solidly now, as well. It’s all moving in the right direction.”
Whitmere lied. The test results showed that his work had no affect on Darryl. It was troubling. He wasn’t sure why, but he knew that Darryl didn’t need to know.
“What’s next?” Darryl asked. The doctor’s good words made him chipper.
The door burst open then, startling the two, as a man rushed in, breathing hard and angry. “You need to see this! It cannot wait!”
Whitmere excused himself and rushed over to the door to meet the man he knew as Ren. “What are you talking about? I’m with a patient.”
“It cannot wait!”
Darryl watched, listening to what he could, catching only patches of their heated conversation. He felt slightly awkward, knowing he was not meant to hear their hushed words.
“Calm down,” Whitmere began, moving in close to Ren.
Ren looked at Darryl for a second, and then leaned in close to Whitmere. His eyes were hurt and angry as he began to speak. “I have something troubling to show you.”
“What is it?”
“It’s about our search for your…colleague.”
Whitmere didn’t care for the other’s mocking tone. “Get to the point.”
“In the lower level, something was found.” Anger laced Ren’s words. “You need to come with me now.”
“Give me a moment,” Whitmere motioned towards Darryl.
Ren frowned. “I’ll meet you at the lower level corridor in five minutes.”
Whitmere watched the other man turn and leave, then he turned back to Darryl. “I’m afraid I will have to cut this short.”
Darryl saw the hand gesture the doctor gave, indicating that he was to follow him. He saw the troubled look in Whitmere’s eyes; he could hear the urgency in his voice as he asked Darryl to follow. Leaving the room, Darryl noticed that the doctor’s steps were much quicker than usual. Something was wrong.
“Is everything alright?” asked Darryl.
Whitmere didn’t make eye contact. “Nothing to worry.”
“If you say so,” Darryl said. 
Once at his room, Whitmere opened the door and let Darryl in. “We’ll continue this at another time, Darryl.”
Darryl shrugged. He began removing his shirt, preparing to shower. “I’m not going anywhere.”
Whitmere stared for a second at Darryl. “I hope so.”
Darryl looked up, curious to the other’s choice of words and tone, but only saw the door close. He walked to the door shirtless, looking out into the hall. Whitmere was no where to be seen. He stared for a second, and then turned and walked for the shower.

Whitmere reached the end of the corridor seconds before Ren opened the door and stepped into the darkness. Whitmere followed as they descended a winding stairwell. It ended at the start of another corridor. It was dark; several doors lined the walls.
Ren turned to Whitmere. “End of the hall. Just before the stairs.”
Whitmere knew where he was indicating. At the end of the hall was another set of stairs leading down to the lower levels. No one was supposed to have access to these levels. They were empty; forbidden.
Ren started forward. Whitmere followed at his side. Through the darkness, the air changed to thick and musty, pungent and stagnant. The scent of something dead filled their nostrils. The doors on either side of them were barred, locked and empty. The level had been abandoned long ago.
Until now, Whitmere thought bleakly.
Before they reached the end of the hall, he saw it. There, in the middle of the corridor, something lay. Ren stopped just before it. Whitmere bent down to inspect.
“What is it? Barton?”
“Mellson,” Ren stated.
“How?” Whitmere gasped, seeing the dead man’s face. He rose instantly. “What happened to him?”
“Poisoned. His body was filled with something that ate away at his tissues from the inside. And there’s only one thing that could have been able—would even think about doing this!”
Whitmere swallowed hard. “Has he been found?”
“No. We are still searching. He cannot hide forever.”
It was quiet for a second. 
“What about the girl?” Whitmere asked.
Ren sighed. “Nothing.”
“When we find her, we’ll find him.”
“It’s not her that concerns us,” Ren whispered harshly.
Whitmere looked away. He was angry at himself for allowing everything to slide out of his control. “He has severed his ties to us now. He must be found and dealt with accordingly. Preferably alive, but if you have to…kill him.”
Ren’s nod went unnoticed. Whitmere turned and walked away.

It was late in the night when a noise brought Darryl awake. He jerked upright with a start, finding someone walking towards him in the dark. The person was moving quicker than Darryl could focus.
“Who’s there?”
But the figure already made it to his bed. “I want to discuss something with you.”
The dim light from the hall did little to show any of Whitmere’s features. There was urgency in his eyes, and something else, something Darryl couldn’t put a finger on yet. 
Darryl swallowed hard, relaxing a bit, though still concerned. 
“Okay.”
It was late, so the reason for the abrupt visit would be a matter of importance. It was not like Whitmere to barge in during the night. Or am I wrong? He did seem comfortable doing so now.
“Darryl, do you know what has happened today?” Whitmere’s voice was almost a whisper.
Darryl cleared his throat. “No. I assume there is some sort of problem.”
“There is. It has to do with one of our doctors here. Doctor Barton, to be specific.”
Darryl was wide awake now, staring past the shadows masking the old man’s face to find his eyes. They were dark, mysterious; they were filled with secrets.
“I need you to listen carefully to what I say and don’t repeat it to anyone.” Whitmere began, waiting for the look in Darryl’s eyes to change, to realize that his next words needed to be taken seriously.
“I’m listening.”
“Darryl, Doctor Barton has left my group and is working in secret. He is doing what he wants, without any supervision, without any consent, or care for anyone but himself. He is not acting in a sane state of mind. This is a very dangerous situation. One of our staff tried to confront him and was found dead.”
“Wait. What did you say?”
“He was killed, Darryl. And several patients are missing. We presume that they are in Barton’s custody, held for whatever studies he is now doing, but we are unable to find them. They may be dead as well.”
Darryl shifted uncomfortably.
“I am not saying this to frighten you, but to make you alert. Doctor Barton is not to be trusted, nor if you come in contact with him, should you leave willingly. I need to know right away if you see him. Whether it’s him walking past your door, or anything more direct. Consider him to be dangerous.”
“What is wrong with him?”
“I believe he is looking for revenge.”
Darryl pulled his blanket over him. “What would he want with me?”
It was hard to see all of Whitmere’s face in the darkness. Or anything else in the room for that matter, he realized. Darryl felt vulnerable.
“To be quite literal: everything. He could want your body; he could want your mind; or both. He is a neurologist who works on changing DNA and human tissue. And he is good at what he does. I believe now he is working on changing my patients.”
“I don’t understand.” Darryl’s fingers rubbed the blanket nervously. “Why would he do that?”
“For him, change is necessary. He cannot achieve his goal in the state he is in.”
Darryl wasn’t sure he followed. He was missing something. The room was silent for a few seconds.
Whitmere chose his words carefully. “He’s different. Though we’ve tried to alter that. We tried to help him…see things the way we do.” 
“What are you telling me?”
“I’m telling you that we only partially succeeded. Now I believe he’s working to reverse what we started.”
Darryl said nothing. He couldn’t grasp what he was being told.
“When he was found, we saw it as a gift. And the fact that he could work with us was nothing short of miraculous. He became vital to our operation.”
Darryl’s head shook slowly. His eyes were flush with confusion.
“Found?”
“Yes, Darryl. And he needs to be found again.”
“And you have security looking for him? Do you think he’s still in the hospital?”
“Yes. He has no place else to go.” Whitmere considered something, and then continued speaking. “He can’t leave. We’ve made sure of it. We’ve taken precautions.”
“So, he’ll get caught and…” Darryl didn’t finish. He thought maybe Whitmere was making it a big deal. Barton would be found and jailed. It was simple.
“It’s what he does before he’s caught that is disturbing, Darryl. It may take hours; it may take days to find him. And in that time, we’re all at risk. That is why I’m here now. I want to make it clear to you what is happening. I want you to remain safe.”
Darryl didn’t think anything was clear. “You said that you changed him and now he is trying to undo whatever it was. Right?” Darryl saw Whitmere nod. “Well, what did you change about him? And why not change it back, so you can get rid of him? At least that way he’s not running around killing people.”
“You make it sound so simple,” chuckled Whitmere.
“Sounds that way to me.”
“You have a childlike innocence. I like that about you.” Whitmere’s smile retreated. “The thing you don’t understand is that we don’t want him to change back. He would be of no use to us then.”
Darryl shrugged. It sounded petty. So much work for nothing. Let Barton have what he wants, and then he’ll leave. It made little sense to continue fighting something if you have the means not to. What was the point?
“How is he different?” asked Darryl. He sighed, feeling almost too tired now to even care. He didn’t need an answer, he realized. It didn’t matter. If Whitmere left him now, he’d fall asleep instantly. He decided on asking no further questions.
Whitmere was silent for a few moments. He was about to do something that he‘d never thought about doing before. It would play into his hands, he thought. It was necessary. When he spoke, his voice was a mere whisper.
“He’s an alien, Darryl.”
Alien.
The word seemed to hang in Darryl’s mind a few seconds before registering. Time froze then.
Alien.
Darryl struggled for air. A cold chill swept across his skin. See you soon, whispered in his ear.
Alien.
Surely he misunderstood what Whitmere was saying. There was obviously another explanation.
Alien.
“You’re scaring me here, doc.”
“It’s a very scary scenario, Darryl.”
“No. I don’t believe this. You can’t possibly be—”
“An alien, just as you would interpret the term, Darryl.” Whitmere watched the life in Darryl’s face drain. He could see the panic begin to set in. “Understand what we do here is of great importance. It has taken someone of a different intelligence to put us in the right direction. When Doctor Barton was found, he was sent to us first as a patient. Then after months of study and research, we changed in him things that make him…him. He belonged to us then. We controlled him, if you will. We were selfish in our removal of his identity, of course. But it served a purpose. He needed to be more like us, to be able to union with us. We had to help him forget about other instincts he might have—instincts that might help him serve his own intentions.”
Whitmere smiled softly. “We can’t have someone walking in our midst that may be planning on killing us, now can we?”
Darryl blurted out quickly. “Are you serious? Do you have any idea what you just said?”
Whitmere motioned with his hand for Darryl to calm. “It is for your own good that you know what we are up against. It is for your safety. You are otherwise fine.”
Darryl’s mind was racing. Panic had set in quickly. Fear was beginning to paralyze his rationalization. He began missing the small movements Whitmere was making with his hands. “That’s what happened to Adelle! He’ll come for me too!”
“Darryl, calm down.”
“How do you think I’ll be able to?” Darryl was frantically running his fingers across his face and head. “You have a doctor here that has no right to be here. No right to touch us, to be involved in anything!”
“His involvement has led us to be able to save you as we have. Up until now, it was his actions that we’ve relied on. We could not have made it this far without him, to be honest. It’s just unfortunate how things will have to play out now.”
Darryl held a look filled with terror. His body trembled harder. He felt nauseous. His words stumbled into one another. “I want to leave. I can’t stay. Let me out of here. I want to go home.”
Darryl swung his legs over the side of the bed, preparing to stand. The sting against his neck stopped him. He turned, seeing the doctor put something into his pocket. Then he was falling backwards. With his mind spinning and a tingling sensation rushing through his system, Darryl saw Adelle reaching out to him. She was screaming, just as scared as he was now.
She knew.
“It’s for your own good,” Whitmere said.
The doctor swung Darryl’s legs around and helped him into bed. “I will place a guard outside your door at all times. You’ll be fine. Doctor Barton will be found then we can all get back to doing what it is that we are here for.”
The sedative was taking root quickly in Darryl. He was too dizzy to see now. “What is it exactly that you’re…” he trailed off, falling asleep.
Whitmere left the room.



Chapter 11



Darryl dreamt of Doctor Barton. The dream was cast in shadows and chilled with something evil lurking in them. Suddenly Barton appeared. The doctor had taken him under his care, trying to assure that everything would be alright. But even in his dream, Darryl knew better. He fought to escape, but couldn’t move. He was trapped.
He stood then, watching his body begin to change. Barton stood next to him; his smile just as cruel as the cold in his eyes.
Darryl awoke screaming. Looking around, his voice dying into a mere whimper, he scanned the darkness with expectance to find someone. But he was alone; haunted now by only the present. He sat in the deafening silence trying to regain his composure, failing miserably. He couldn’t shake the spinning in his stomach; his heard hurt in more ways than one. And the shivering came all too often.
Alien.
The word whispered faintly.
He could hear Whitmere retelling him over and over. The sound in the doctor’s voice, the calm look in his eyes, both seemed all too relaxed. Too unaffected, Darryl thought. Too comfortable with doing something wrong.
So morally wrong!
Panic came in waves, drowning any reasoning that could have been trying to root itself. It kept Darryl from thinking too clearly; kept him shivering in his bed too scared to move, gasping for air as if there was none. 
Nervously, he jumped out of bed and raced to the door. It was locked. He stared out into the dark hall. Empty. Quiet. But the panic would not settle. With his fists balled into hammers, he beat against the door. Little sound was heard at all. 
Angry now, he began to yell, began to scream for someone to come to him. The hall remained desolate. Finally exhaustion overcame him. His throat was sore, his chest ached, and he began to feel dizzy from the failed efforts. No one had heard him. No one was coming.
Darryl staggered back to his bed. His head was hung low, his eyes barely open, as his sight spun the dark images in the room, twisting their shapes, swirling everything into a black smudge. He slumped into bed, both hands covering his ears. He didn’t understand why no one was there. Before leaving him, Whitmere said there would be a guard outside his door at all times. But he saw for himself that no one was there. The hall was empty.
It occurred then why it might be so. 
Fighting off the dizzy spell, he turned quickly in his bed. A tall form was moving through the dark; the door behind was closing. The blur was coming fast. Darryl sat upright and yelled; his voice crackled from the strain and he barely made a sound.
“Don’t say a word.” the voice whispered harshly in the dark.
Darryl’s heart pounded like it was going to explode, racing like he was going to choke from it. He turned his head up searching for a face. But he didn’t need to. He already knew who it was.
“Get away from me!”
“I need you.” Barton whispered back.
Darryl shrank. He hadn’t the strength to fight him. “No.”
“Yes.”
“I can’t.”
“You will.”
Darryl wanted to cry. The tone in the other’s voice was kept carefully low, but stern nonetheless. He wasn’t giving Darryl the option of staying.
“I know what you are.” Darryl winced. “You’re an alien.”
Barton grunted angrily. “And so are you.”
“No.” Darryl’s head shook.
“I am just like you, being held against my will, only wanting to go home.”
“Then go.” 
Darryl was suddenly afraid he had spoken unwisely. He saw anger in those dark eyes now.
“I’m afraid there’s work to do first. Rise. Now!”
“If you want to kill me, you’ll have to do it right here.”
Barton put his face inches away from Darryl’s. “Kill you? I want to fix you. I want to make you right. Come with me. Let me help you.”
Darryl pushed himself back. “Is that how you took Adelle? By telling her lies?”
“Ask her for yourself.” Barton’s smile was lost in the shadows. “She’s remembering everything. You want to sit and talk with her, share stories, memories perhaps? You do want to remember, don’t you? Come with me, and I can give you what you want.”
“You don’t want to help me,” Darryl spit back.
Barton’s tone was icy. “I want you to help me. In the process, I can help you see things…better.”
“Stay away from me.”
Barton stepped back, disappearing into the darkness. “If you don’t come with me now, you will never see her again. I promise you that.”
Darryl inched his way forward, trying to find the other. He was quiet for a moment. It was a risk, probably a lie to get him. But what if Adelle was in trouble? What if this was the only way to save her?
“What are you going to do with her?”
“The choice is hers.”
A light turned on from somewhere in the hall, breaking their conversation. Barton growled. Darryl saw it as his chance to escape. But as he began to yell, a strong hand covered his mouth, pinning his head onto the bed, smothering any sound he could release.
“You don’t want to do that,” Barton said quietly.
Darryl felt a sting against his arm. A second later Barton bolted off of him and disappeared into the dark. Darryl sat upright. The door was closing again. The room was empty. He stared at the door’s window, waiting for help to arrive. He cried. His voice was too sore to scream. 
Then the light in the hall disappeared. Barton had killed whoever it was out there, he thought grimly.
Suddenly Darryl felt strange. He began shaking. His heartbeat turned uncomfortable and his temperature dropped. Darryl grabbed his chest in pain, feeling it spread throughout his body quickly. Something was wrong.
Alien!
All he could think about was his dream. It had come true. As the pain grew to unbearable heights, Darryl began to black out. The last thing he saw before the darkness overcame him was a man standing over him with a smile.

The dream came instantly. It was the same house, same time of night, same anguish. He heard her sobbing from the other room. As he moved past the broken picture frames and tattered clothing, stepping into the wrecked bedroom where the destruction was even worse, he saw her. Sitting on the floor with her hands in her face, her tears falling into her jeans in large wet splotches, the woman sat crying. He stared at her for a few seconds, but said nothing. He was hot, and angry. He knew he had to leave, had to run out and leave the mess that he had created.
He walked out then, stubborn, not looking back, wanting everything to come to an end. Even when her sobbing rose again, her words filled with a desperate plea to return, he hardened his heart past that sliver of want that they shared.
No, he told himself. Don’t go back. You can’t go back.
Darryl stood now on the porch, walking fast to his car. His anger, his collapse of who he was, didn’t allow him to feel the wind at his face, to feel that warm comfort he usually enjoyed. He was crying too; because it was over; because it had to be. Because he couldn’t look back and love her like he had promised—like she needed.
Darryl jerked open the door to his car and rushed in, starting it right away, roaring the engine for a few seconds, enjoying the violent scream it made, before looking to the house one last time. 
There she stood, alone on the porch, on the verge of collapsing, staring through her streaming tears with a look of total disbelief.

Darryl awoke with a start. The room was unfamiliar; cold and empty. Almost, he realized, as he made out a few forms next to a wall. He was lying on his side and slowly sat upright. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and became aware of subtle movements. Turning his head, he noticed a few more figures. He was not alone. The room was filled with a few people. All of them looked sick. He noticed then the bars surrounding them. They were in a cage. A cell, as if he were jailed, held captive. He then began to remember his encounter with Barton.
“Adelle?” he called into the silence. Nothing. “Adelle, are you here?”
Out of the darkness, someone groaned terribly. It was deep and painful. It turned into a wail of anguish, then silence.
“Who’s there?” he asked.
“He’s dead,” a raspy voice whispered from across the room.
Darryl turned. A lithe form, ragged and scraggly, starving to death maybe, was inching his way over to him. “Who are you?”
“Who knows? Do you?” the man said, stopping just feet from Darryl.
“No. I’ve never seen you before.”
“You are looking for a woman?”
Darryl nodded. “Doctor Barton took her.”
“Me, too.”
Darryl saw the other’s appearance, his skin bruised and swelling, his eyes blackened, his hair unkempt and foul, reeking with a scent that only death would appreciate.
The other said nothing for a few seconds, just sat and rocked himself.
“You’re new,” he finally offered.
Darryl looked around. “Where are we? Why are we here?”
The delirious man smiled. “Tests. Always tests.”
From the other side of the room, someone else began groaning. The man smiled to Darryl. “I know things.”
Darryl began to respond, but then the person moaning began to thrash about wildly, violently. Then suddenly he stopped, falling to the floor.
“Dead, too.” The scraggly man smiled. “Blessed are those killed by the tests.”
“What tests?”
With a wild look in his eyes and a wolfish smile, the other began to reply. “Hybrid creations. Them and us, bound by something sinister and unimaginable.”
Darryl swallowed hard. His throat was dry, and his head was throbbing. He was beginning to understand.
Alien. Tests. Changes. Hybrid. 
“We need to get out of here. Do you remember which—”
“The first thing I remembered was that lie,” he cut in angrily.
“What are you talking about?”
The other became hysterical. “Oh, oh. You’re not there yet! Oh it’s beautiful!”
“What are you talking about?” Darryl’s head throbbed in pain and the lunatic’s laughter did little to help matters. “Just get to the point.”
The other calmed. “The lie. You were fed a lie from the beginning. What did they say happened to you? How did you get here? Why don’t you remember? Lie, lie, lie.”
Darryl shook his head. “I was in a car accident.”
“Brilliant! Because that makes sense! You hit your head, you forget. You’re hurt, they fix you! Beautiful! I love it!”
Darryl grew angry. “That’s what I remember!”
The other leaned in close. His eyes sparkled in the dimness. He smiled proudly. “None of that happened. Think back. Remember.”
Darryl could see the man’s appearance more clearly now. His skin was bruised all over, discolored in large splotches. He was draped in a foul stench, as if his body had died a long time ago and he wasn’t aware of it yet. There was a pain held in his delirious look as well. Whatever he had suffered through, he was not finished yet.
“I’m telling you, that’s what I remember. I was in a crash, and they brought me here.”
The other’s smile was gone. Anger filled his eyes. His response was a painful whisper that chilled Darryl. “Not brought. Took.”



Chapter 12



Headlights appeared before him, seemingly out of nowhere. He was too distracted, too preoccupied with fighting to have noticed. Now they were heading straight for him. He panicked, turning the steering wheel hard, left foot stomping the brake pedal in unison with his right. The car swerved sharp, tires screaming violently. Through the spinning, he made out the ditch coming fast, and the line of trees just beyond. But there was nothing else to do but brace for the impact.
Darryl brought his arms up across the steering wheel and buried his face into them. Glass shattered against him in an explosion of dirt and debris as the front end smashed into the ditch embankment. Everything went black.

Darryl found himself staring at the delirious man as his flashback faded. There had been an accident. He had hit his head so hard that he was knocked unconscious. He remembered it all.
“You see it now, don’t you?” the other whispered.
Darryl shook his head. “No. You’re wrong. I was in an accident.”
“It was no accident.” The man slid away, hiding in the shadows.
Darryl watched him go until he saw only his form—a black shadow within the shadows. He didn’t care for the way the other had implied that what he knew, what he remembered, was false.
“We need to get out of here,” he said openly. No one answered. Moans and other sounds of anguish filled the silence.
He looked around. The light at the far end of the hall, too far to see exactly, gave little indication of his surroundings. The cell, as he saw it now for what it was, was large with a single door, also made of iron bars. If a ceiling existed, he saw none of it.
He decided to test the door. Pressing his palms flat against the iron floor, he pushed himself up, bringing his legs under him, rising into a stance. Then everything went spinning. He was unable to control his balance and he fell, hitting the floor hard. On his back, he waited for the spinning to cease.
“You can’t leave. Not until he comes for you.”
The whisper shot out of the darkness with anger and resentment. The lunatic found him foolish for trying to do what the rest of them had failed at. Darryl paid no attention to him. When the dizziness fades, he will try again.
A door opened from somewhere lost in the blackness. Its long creak brought everyone into a scramble. Darryl sat upright and waited. He watched the others scurry into the corners past him, moaning as if their movements were too much to bear. It occurred to him then that maybe he should be hiding as well.
“It comes,” a voice whispered in the cell.
“Sh.” someone hushed.
The cell went still then. Darryl remained where he was as the figure came into view. Even in the dim light he could tell that it was Doctor Barton. He moved to the cell door and stopped. A clanking sound was heard just before the iron clasped door opened with a groaning of rusty hinges.
“I’ll need a volunteer,” spoke Barton sternly.
After seeing no one move, Darryl replied, “I’ll go.”
He saw it as a way out of the cell, a way to escape and a hope to find Adelle. Even if the others were frightened, he knew that by going he might have a chance to survive.
Barton turned to Darryl. “Not you. Not yet.”
Barton turned then, pointing into the darkness, seeing someone Darryl had missed. “You. Rise.”
Whimpers followed as the person stood. Others around it scooted away desperately. Slowly the patient walked towards the door, hunched and dragging a limp leg. Barton waited, his hand motioning for the other to come forward. When it had, Barton stepped out into the hall, taking his patient with him, locking the door behind. Before leaving, he turned to stare at Darryl.
“I will be back for you.”
“Where is she?” asked Darryl. He watched Barton and the other disappear in the darkness of the long corridor. Seconds later, a door creaked open, then shut.
“When he comes back, we have to make a run for it.” Darryl tried to warn the others, to make them see when their opportunity would be.
“Why would you want to go with him?” the lunatic spewed.
“It’s our only chance.”
“I’d rather die right here, than have him turn me into one of them.”
One of them?
Darryl left his the words to hang in wonder, leaving the room to fall into silence. If dying in the cell was better…he left the thought unfinished. He understood why they were so afraid. But if they didn’t escape, they would seal their fates.
One of them.
Darryl sat patiently, waiting for another chance to escape.
Doctor Barton helped his patient into the bed, strapping him in for his own safety, locking the straps down tight. He had a serum ready, injected into a syringe before claiming the patient. He had picked one of them who was further along in progression than the others; one who would test his newest serum; one whose memory was not coming back; one nearly to completion stage. The girl was recovering fine, but the changes in her were not as drastic, and he had to be sure his cure would hold true in further transformation.
“Hold still,” Barton said, pressing the needle against the other’s arm, injecting him quickly.
He stepped back, out of the light, watching the other’s appearance without hindrance from his shadow. The convulsing came almost at once. Without the straps, the patient’s arms would be flailing wildly, uncontrollably. But this was not Barton’s first, and he was prepared. The eyes changed color slowly. The skin followed. None of it came without a price. None of it was pleasant. But this time Barton did not gag the patient. This time he wanted to hear the change in the screams.
And so he did.
After several long minutes of the worst agonizing screams he had ever witnessed, his patient slumped into a daze of silence. Barton watched his eyes close, his body only trembling softly now, his breathing calming.
Barton smiled. He felt as if the weight on his shoulders was smashed. He felt invincible—in control for the first time.
“What did you do to him? Adelle asked softly.
Barton turned. He had momentarily forgotten she was in the room, still in the bed. She had been asleep for hours, and he wasn’t sure when she would awake.
“You killed him, didn’t you?” she asked in a low, raspy tone. She had seen everything.
“I gave him life.”
“Why are you doing this?”
Adelle hurt everywhere. Her body was undergoing drastic changes. Her eyesight blurred sometimes; her skin ached; her insides felt as though they were being twisted. Dried tears laced her cheeks in a dim gloss. She had barely enough strength to speak, barely enough want.
Barton walked over into the dark corner where Adelle was. He stopped bedside. “Do you believe in evolution, the fantasy where humans came from apes?” Barton laughed. “Apes? No one has a clue.”
“God created man in His image,” she whispered back.
“I’m going to show you how wrong you are!” Barton stormed away.

It had been quiet for a few hours when the delirious man began speaking to Darryl once again. He moved out of the dark corner, careful and slow, not wanting to draw attention to himself. He began speaking, once he was close enough that Darryl would hear his whispering.
“Listen,” he began, “we’re all patients. Even Barton. Can’t you see it? I can. I know. I saw it when they first took me. I saw how they treated him. They were afraid of him.” He began coughing hard, choking on his words.
“Are you okay? You don’t look good.”
The other waved off his concern. “They hate him. I hear it when they speak to him, or about him. I can see it in their eyes.”
“I know things too.” Darryl began to speak, but was cut off immediately.
The other’s hands and head began moving rapidly, obviously annoyed by Darryl’s interruption. “Listen, only listen. He’s working on us; changing us inside. We’re experiments; nothing more.”
He began choking again, so hard he couldn’t breathe, doubling over in anguish, gasping frantically. Darryl watched helplessly. It continued for a few seconds, before the other began breathing normally and regained what little composure he had. Swallowing hard, he continued.
“Listen, listen. He didn’t take you because you’re new. You’re not like us. We’re dying. The changes they tried to make in us didn’t work, and now we’re…what we are. But to them, we’re as good as dead. That’s why he’s picking us.”
“I don’t understand.”
Darryl saw the other’s face clearly now. It looked drained, pale. The look of lunacy once held in his eyes was gone as well. The man looked like death.
“It’s because he’s looking for someone like him. He can’t change himself. Not without testing it on us.”
He finished just as his coughing returned. He doubled over, smacking his hands against the floor. Darryl could hear the pain in his voice as he tried to speak through it, failing. He kept his face downward as he made several gut-retching sounds. When he looked back up to Darryl, his eyes were wide and white, and all the veins in his face were protruding.
“Hey…” Darryl began, just as the other dropped lifeless to the floor. His body lay shivering for a few seconds, then nothing.
Darryl moved further away, as if the man had died by something that Darryl could breathe in and die as well. He sat scared. He replayed the conversation over and over in his head, understanding bit as pieces of what the other had tried to tell him. 
One thing became clear.
Kill Barton, before he kills me.



Chapter 13



Doctor Barton stood in the darkness watching his latest patient carefully, searching for subtle changes, looking for any sign of collapse in the strands that would be noticeable. The patient’s skin color was returning to a pale shade, the deep bruises were retreating, the blood clots were thinning out, and his breathing was only slightly labored, though that was to be expected. The fact that he was still alive meant the serum was working.
Live!
With a smile lacking warmth, Barton turned to his table filled with vials and liquids, thinking that his solution was correct, and now was the time. It would be ideal to continue testing, he knew. Let the serum run a full course with others first to see how their bodies responded over time, but time was running out. Soon the hall would be flooded with the enemy trying to find him, trying to capture him for their glory. Acting now was a calculated risk. Waiting would only allow them what they wanted most: his death.
Barton stalked over into the recess of a dark corner, finding a chair and sitting comfortably while waiting. He knew he would not be around long enough to see exactly how the patient would turn out. He needed to flee within a few hours.
“Everything is a gamble,” he muttered to himself.
“What are you doing?” Adelle responded suddenly.
With the dim light shining only over the patient, he and Adelle were both hidden in shadow. Barton remained seated.
“I’m waiting.”
He could hear the slight movements in her bed, knowing that she was testing her restraints. A second later she stopped. She sighed audibly.
“For what?” she asked.
Adelle’s voice was filled with nervousness. He remembered how hard she had fought with him, the long struggle down the hall to this room, and even while placing her in the bed. She had nearly escaped twice before she was shackled in place. He wondered then what it was like for himself when they did it to him.
“To make sure it ends tonight.”
“I had a dream. I remembered everything like it was happening all over.” Adelle sounded angry. “But it wasn’t a dream. And everything is real. I know what you’re doing. You’re changing him to be like you.”
“Not me. You.”
His less-than-sympathetic tone kept Adelle quiet for a moment. She stiffened, filling with a bitterness of her own.
“If you let me leave now, you’ll never see me again. I won’t tell them anything.”
“If you leave now, I will never see you again.” Barton corrected.
Adelle kept quiet. She didn’t understand what he was saying. She stared into the darkness, finding the figure slumped into a short chair a few feet away. She knew he was not going to let her go. She was held at his will and it seemed very unlikely that he would listen to her pleas. He had changed her somehow, transformed her into being whatever it was that he was. She knew; she could feel it. She understood what sort of place it was. As her memory had come back, answers were not so scattered or out of reach. Everything was in black and white.
Anger boiled within her. She began venting her frustrations.
“I remember things.” She couldn’t tell if he was looking at her or not, but the fact that he did not get up or respond was reason enough for her to keep talking. “I remember conversations, where people were talking about you coming to see me. You had to erase my memory. You came to see me. That’s when I forgot everything. That’s when I began…changing.”
Barton remained silent. Her memory only gave him reassurance.
“I know you lied to us,” she continued. “I know what really happened that night. So what’s the point of trying to keep secrets now? Tell me, what are we changing in to?”
“You don’t want to know.” Barton’s tone was cold.
“It’s you. Isn’t it? We’re going to be like you.”
Adelle began thrashing in the bed trying to break free. She began screaming her hardest, yelling at the doctor for what he had done to her. Barton remained motionless. When she was finally exhausted and in tears, she laid still. 
Crying hard, Adelle looked up past her tears. Barton stood over her.
“Just do it already!” Adelle cried. “Kill me!”
Barton reached down to her, watching her shrink, watching her fear-filled eyes close and wince. She was just a pawn in the game, he thought bleakly. Was I any different? He untied her hands, and then stepped back.
Adelle opened her eyes, astonished. She swallowed hard, confused. She remained motionless, unsure of his intentions.
“What are you doing?”
“I thought you were the one with all of the answers.” Barton said.
With that, he turned and walked back to his chair.
Adelle rubbed her wrists gently. The skin was chaffed from her struggle. She had no idea what to do.
“Why did you untie my hands?” She wiped her palms across her wet cheeks.
“It doesn’t matter anymore. You lived. You made it.”
Adelle was not sure what he had in mind and she wasn’t going to press the issue. Not yet, anyway. She was quiet for a few minutes, thinking things through, waiting to see what the doctor had planned. When it looked like nothing was going to happen, she began asking questions.
“Why did you erase our memories? What does it matter if you’re just going to kill us?”
Barton didn’t answer right away. When he did, he sounded emotionless.
“The mind is the first thing that has to go. Remove your memory; remove what it is about you that makes you unique. With your mind relaxed, lost in obscurity, having no identity to cling to, then the DNA can be altered. Then the change can take place. I discovered that. I taught them. I created the way forward. The pills work perfectly.”
Barton shifted his posture. The conversation turned him sour. He hated what he had done.
“Then I am…?” she drifted, unable to finish the thought. “What are you?”
Barton stiffened. He turned to face her. His stare was cold. “I don’t know.”
Adelle was quiet for a few seconds, and then proceeded with caution. “Where is Darryl?”
“I have him.”
“Where?”
Barton turned towards her. “Locked in a cage.”
“What are you going to do?” She was scared of his answer.
“I’ll know shortly.”
“You’ll kill him. Won’t you?” She held back her tears.
“He may already be dead,” he replied calmly.
“But you’ll make sure,” she spit. “I hate you.”
“You’ll thank me when this is done. Trust me.”
“Trust you? I’d rather kill you.” She regretted it by how quickly he turned to glare at her.
“I am the only one you can trust.” he demanded.
“Because we are alike now? You and I?”
Barton quickly stepped to the bed. “We are not alike. Not yet.”
“What else do you have to do to me?” she shivered.
“It’s me that has to change,” he growled. “Soon I’ll be just like you. Then we’re leaving this place.”
Adelle swallowed hard. “Why me?”
Barton smiled. “Because everyone else will be dead.”

Darryl sat upright at once, hearing slight movements coming down the hall. Turning, he saw the light shining this way, then that. Someone was searching, he realized. They were coming.	
“Help.”
He started to speak but the dryness in his throat made it impossible to throw his voice far enough to be heard. He had to be patient. The light was getting closer. 
He scrambled to his feet, almost falling in the process, and wobbled his way to the door. The person walking down the hall had entered a room. Darryl could make out the brightness flooding from the room as the person searched, then entered the hall once again. The light came for him then.
Darryl slumped against the iron bars and began to call the person over to him.
“Here.”
He saw the light stop as the s person became startled, then it found him and he was turning away from its shine. Within a few seconds a tall man in a guard’s uniform was in front of him. His face bore a thousand questions.
“Who’s there?” The guard moved his light around the cell from one person to the next. He released sharp gasps as he found each person.
“Get us out.” groaned Darryl.
The guard tried to open the door, but it was locked. He shook it hard, but it failed to open.
“How’d you get in there?” The guard saw the condition their bodies were in and gasped. “Who did this to you?”
“Doctor Barton.” Darryl lost his strength and slid to his knees resting his head against the warm iron bars. “Hurry, before he comes back.”
Darryl pointed. He heard the guard mumble something about the cruelty of his situation and that he would return to free them. Before Darryl could say anything else, the guard was racing into the darkness.
Darryl smiled. Help is coming, Adelle.

Barton stood over his patient. It was time.
He inserted a needle into the patient’s arm and withdrew some blood. Using his small machine, he checked the blood. The strands had changed, as he expected. But something was still missing. It wasn’t Whitmere’s watchdogs; it was the chain itself. It wasn’t perfect.
What is it!?
Barton pounded his fists into the table. He didn’t have time for setbacks. Looking at the structure of the chain, he knew what was missing. But the strands could not be created. It was a miscalculation, a huge oversight on his part.
“What was that?” Adelle asked. She spoke now, unable to control her nerves, already deciding that she would take her own life the first chance she had. She would not go on as one of them.
Barton didn’t look at her. “His blood. I checked it to be certain that the strands have all returned and nothing lingered.”
Strands of what?”
“DNA.”
Barton screamed at himself quietly. He had failed.
“You’re changing his DNA? What will that do to him?” Adelle’s voice was a whimper of defeat. “What about my blood?”
Adelle’s words opened a door for Barton. He turned to stare at her in a new light. Her blood.
He turned from the questions then, working fast to mix her blood sample with his solution. His heart was racing. It would work, he convinced himself. It had to.
When he was finished, he put his new solution in his small machine and watched the image of her blood appear before him. He laughed for several long moments.
Adelle’s skin curled. She was cold, sick with worry now. Barton’s happiness swept the ground from beneath her. Her mind raced with thoughts on how to end her life before he could touch her again.
Barton took a deep breath and held it for a second before letting it slip slowly past his lips. He turned to his table. The needle was ready. The serum was mixed and ready. He screwed in the long needle to his injection gun and placed it against his forearm. His index finger rubbed the trigger gently. He was just about to inject himself when Adelle spoke.
“So he’s like you now?”
Barton paused. His angry eyes turned to find hers. His voice was quick, his words harsh. “I saved him. As I did you.”
“By turning us into you?” She held back her tears. 
“You know nothing about me!” Barton glared viciously.
Adelle cried then. “I know you’re not like us! I know you’re…”
“Less than human?” Barton snarled. His face was vivid with rage. “Want me to tell you what you are? What I am!?” he screamed. He set the needle on the table.
A slight creak in the door changed everything. Barton’s head turned quickly. Too late.
Adelle screamed and cried so hard she couldn’t see nor hear. Everything became a blur. Her mind raced with paranoia and delusions, infusing them with her grim reality. She began drifting into someplace safe within her mind. She couldn’t hear the doctor anymore. She barely recognized the door open and a man enter. She watched the men lock together until she made out only one form. Her body was numb; her emotions just as removed as her warmth. She lay shivering as her vision became a subtle sway of images smeared in fog.



Chapter 14



Her head pulled off the broken-glass covered dashboard, shards shining in her strewn blonde hair as the blinding light flooded into the car. Disoriented, she saw only in fragments; her vision swirling. She allowed her body to slump back into the seat, finding great pain in her chest. Broken ribs, perhaps. Doing so allowed her to see Darryl in the seat next to her. His head lay flat against the wheel, his body unmoving, lurched forward into an awkward position. The windshield had shattered; glass was everywhere. The light outside became obstructed with movements; voices were rushing towards. Then she remembered the crash.
The lights…
The ditch…

Shattering glass snapped Adelle from her flashback. Her hazy vision cleared slowly. Two men were fighting across the room. Fists moved faster than she could follow. The gruesome sounds of flesh striking flesh filled the airwaves between the grunts and groans of the match.
She realized what was taking place before her. Barton was fighting a man who came to save her. Everything came back to her in a rush then.
The guard knocked Barton to the floor. His nose was broken, discharging his blood down across his cut lips. His eyes gleamed wildly. “This is where it ends.”
Barton rolled and sent a hard kick to the other’s left knee, folding the guard to the floor in anguish. Barton moved quickly to his feet. Sweat covered his face in a dim shine. He hovered over the withering guard.
“We own you,” the guard coughed.
Barton’s eyes were embers in the dark. He placed his foot onto the guard’s neck.
“Your kind is weak, my friend. And you know that. That’s why you have me; us. To try and adapt, to be like us. You’ve studied us and mimicked us, but there’s one thing you fail to duplicate: our passion. It can’t be created or imitated. And it cannot be found where you can steal it.” 
Barton patted his chest. “It’s in here.”
The guard coughed blood. He couldn’t speak clearly. Barton raised his leg.
“And you’re right. It does end here. You all do.”
Adelle closed her eyes as Barton sent his foot crashing down. The sound she heard made her imagine a head of lettuce being ripped in half.
Barton looked at his table. It was a mess. Vials and tubes were scattered and broken. Liquids spilled together in small pools. Work kept in secret for so long was now gone with no time to replace it. 
He pounded his fists into the table and screamed for several minutes. The serum he was saving was in a vial, broken on the floor. Most of the solution had spilled. He quickly snatched the gun off the floor and tried to save what he could, pouring what was left into an empty vial, capping it, and putting it into his gun. Everything else was useless. All the samples, all the proof—gone.
“No!”
Barton threw the table over onto the floor. His hopes had slipped back into a deep hole. He stared at his patient in the bed. Lifeless. The guard had killed him, knowing what it had meant.
His eyes closed tight. Anger boiled within.
“Is he dead?”
Barton opened his eyes to find Adelle waiting for an answer. He gave her one. “Everyone is going to die.”
His cold glare cut into Adelle and forced her to look away. “I hope they kill you first.”
Her voice was a mere whisper, but he had heard it. Then he realized that they all didn’t need to die. Not her, in fact. She needed to live.
Adelle was confused as she watched Barton untie her legs. He would kill her now, she knew. She hoped. But he began pulling her, dragging her towards the doorway.
“What are you doing? Where are we going?”
Rushing towards the door, she saw the guard’s dead body on the floor. His throat was crushed with a pool of dark liquid surrounding it. Adelle jerked back, stopping Barton. She fought to escape.
“We have to go!” he screamed at her.
“I’m not going anywhere with you!”
“Move, now!” Barton yanked her arm, but she latched onto the table.
“No!”
“We don’t have much time! Move!” Barton was frantic.
Adelle was crying. The arm held by Barton was thrashing. “You promised me Darryl! You said you’d give him to me! I trusted you! I trusted you!”
Barton controlled his anger. He didn’t have time for games. “They’ll be coming now. If you don’t come with me, you’ll die. We don’t have time for him.”
“He’s my husband!” Adelle cried hard. “I’d rather die with him than here by you!”
Husband.
The word hung in the chaos of his thoughts, neutralizing the havoc. The word was human. The word was real. It was something that he had not heard since arriving. There was a connection with the word and life itself. There was a bond. The side of him that was human could not ignore it. He clung to the feeling it released inside him, even though the alien inside him worked hard to erase it.
Husband.
Adelle felt Barton’s grasp go limp. She yanked her arm out of his hand. The lines of anger masking his face seemed to drift like sand swept by the tide. “I’m not going anywhere without Darryl.”
Barton saw something in Adelle’s eyes. It was unlocking doors inside him. It was a fiery passion. It wasn’t like the rest of the dead eyes he’d seen. She would fight him, and he needed her to trust him. She was the key; she was the antidote.
He nodded. “I will take you to him. But you have to do everything I say. You have to trust me.”
Adelle hesitated. “How can I trust you?”
Barton’s eyes were bitter and he struggled to spit out his words, as if he didn’t believe them. “Because I was once like you.”
“You’re nothing like me.” Her head shook in disgust. “I heard them talking. I know what you are. You’re an alien.”
Barton said nothing. His silence fueled Adelle’s fire.
“I remember everything now. Don’t touch me. I can’t trust you. You’re an alien!”
“They are the aliens! We are the only humans left, Adelle!” Barton screamed. Veins protruded out of his forehead. “Look at him! Look at his blood! Black!”
Adelle stared to the dead guard on the floor as Barton pointed. She saw it. It wasn’t the dim light. It was black; it wasn’t human.
“My God.”
“Remember, Adelle. Think back. You know how you came here.”
Adelle was stunned. She stared at Barton’s eyes and didn’t see the cruelty or malice that was always present. She had no idea what to think.
“They changed me, like they tried to change you.” Barton continued. His voice was calm yet firm. “And right now, you’re the only hope I have left.”
Adelle stared into his eyes for a few seconds. He was telling her the truth. “Oh my God. What happened to you?”
“The same thing that will happen to you if we don’t get out of here.”
Barton sensed them coming; footsteps echoed through the hall. “Now!” He grabbed Adelle’s arm again and ran to the door. Adelle didn’t put up a fight.
When they stepped into the hall, they ran into four guards. Barton shoved Adelle aside as they all hit the floor in a tangled mess.

Darryl ran hard down the dark hall. It hurt to move; it hurt to breathe. But he pressed on despite his complications with only one goal in mind: Adelle.
Keep going. You can do it. Faster. Don’t think about the pain. Think about her. Her face. Her eyes smiling when we free her. Keep going now. Almost there. She’s waiting.
Four guards had opened the cell door moments ago and Darryl had scrambled out. He was on his feet instantly, running to save Adelle before they could stop him. Disoriented, he ran aimlessly.
He reached a set of stairs and slumped onto them, crawling up. Light shined in from the window on the door waiting at the summit.
Almost there. Don’t give in now. She needs you.
His arms were too weak to pull himself up, too sore even to bend then straighten again. Exhausted, his body slumped hard, flat against the steps. The door stood waiting just a few feet ahead.
“Help!”
Darryl’s voice creaked, failing in his attempt. His hands balled into fists; his face wrinkled with anger. He blinked hard; his eyes didn’t open again.
Darryl was out before the door burst open and bathed his body in light.

Darryl pulled himself away from the dash. His forehead was bruised, his face speckled with shards of glass. Light bathed in through the windows all at once. He slumped back into his seat and discovered motion to his right. The passenger door was open; someone was being pulled out. But he couldn’t be certain what was happening. It all happened in a blur.
“Help.”
Darryl tried to call again and couldn’t. He struggled to see what was happening out the door to his right, but the light was too intense to decipher anything but quick movements. People were there, he knew. Someone was barking orders.
Paramedics. Thank God.
The door to his left suddenly jerked open and hands were reaching, grabbing him by the shirt, pulling him out of the busted vehicle.

Darryl’s eyes flashed open. He was on his back being pushed down the hall. A person walked at both his sides. Bright lights lined the ceiling. Voices were heard in passing. The dream had faded to reality.
He was in the hospital. Somehow they had found him on the steps. But now he was safe. Adelle would be found too.
He closed his eyes then, thinking how familiar it all was. 
Darryl’s eyes shot open immediately. He remembered his conversations with the lunatic in the cell. They took you, is what he said. It had been no accident.
“Where’s the others?” Darryl asked frantically. “There were others with me. Where are they?”
No answer.
He had fled the cage so fast that he never thought about any of them. He wasn’t sure they even left with him. He ran alone through the hall. He was alone now. And the guards all ran off to find Barton. Had they returned?
“Where’s Adelle? Did they find her?”
Nothing.
“Where are you taking me?”
The nurse at his left side stared down at him. The look the woman gave made Darryl uncomfortable. She said nothing.
A cold chill laced Darryl’s pale skin. He was suddenly afraid.

Adelle ran a step behind Barton. She looked back once, putting to rest the eerie feeling that one of the dead was somehow following. But she saw the guards on the floor where Barton had left them, broken in ways that would not heal, and knew for the moment that they were safe.
Barton stopped running as they reached the cell. The door stood ajar, the bodies inside lay unmoving, groaning. He checked each one, but didn’t have to. He knew Darryl was gone.
“What is this?” Adelle asked. “What’s happened to them?”
“Patients. Subject to trial and error. As good as dead.”
“Well do something for them!” Adelle couldn’t look at them in such agony.
“Their bodies had failed the treatments, Adelle.” Barton growled. “They’re in limbo.”
Barton walked out of the cell. Adelle looked away.
“Where is he?” Adelle asked. The smell gagged her.
“They have him.”
“Where?” Adelle was becoming hysterical. She felt a deep sense of urgency. Time, she knew, was slipping fast. “We have to find him.”
“He’s gone, and we don’t know where to!”
“I’m not leaving without him!”
“Sh! Keep your voice down. You’ll get us both killed.” Barton shook his head. Finding Darryl was a risk. All he needed was some of her blood, and then a safe place to change himself. 
He was beginning to think that having her around was too risky. He should take her blood and be done with her. Let her find her own fate.
But as he stared at the fire in her eyes, he knew she would become captured on her own. Without him, she was as good as dead. Then they would win. 
He wasn’t about to let them.
“Look,” he whispered, “we’ll find him. But first we need to save ourselves. If we get captured, then we’re no help to him.”
Adelle thought for a moment. He was right. “I’m trusting you.”
Barton nodded. “At the end of the hall, there’s a door. Follow me.”
Without waiting, Barton raced away down the hall into the darkness.



Chapter 15



The room was well lit. Heavy breathing and barking orders filled the air, while thudding footsteps filled the hall just beyond. Guards were searching every room and corridor. They were close to their quarry; they could smell them.
Doctor Barton sat crunched inside of the ventilation shaft within the room’s ceiling, sweating and furious. Adelle sat across from him, her legs facing his, her thoughts nearly as dark as their encampment. It was hot and stuffy; the small ventilation openings did little to ease their discomfort. But as soon as they had entered in the room Barton thought would keep them safe, guards began to appear in the hall by the dozens, searching everywhere, and they had no other place to hide.
Sweat dripped down Barton’s face, his arms wrapped around his knees, pulled in close to his chest. Adelle had taken the same form as they sat in silence, listening closely to the noises below, hearing most of what the guards were conversing.
For several long minutes the room beneath them was searched. Things that Barton had hid were found; small tools, meaningless to the guards but vital for Barton’s work, were confiscated. The room was ransacked. Drawers and doors were broke off hinges. Papers with written formulas littered the floor. The guards knew that they had found a place where the alien had been working in secret. They took their time investigating.
Barton and Adelle listened to it all. A few times they thought they had been found, as guards removed light panels looking for secrets. But that was as close as they had come. Finally after hours, the room below went silent.
Adelle moved slightly, her body sore and cramping, her face shining with sweat in the dimness. She stared at Barton, waiting to make eye contact, waiting to speak. But when their eyes met, Barton shook his head and remained silent. To her surprise though, he motioned for her to move further down the narrow shaft. She hesitated, but he was consistent with his direction. She took a deep breath and held it, turning over onto her hands and knees, waiting to hear the vent bend and creak. Instead she heard Barton whispering for her to move slowly.
Adelle did as she was told. The vent gave no sound. Even when she came to the small recesses where narrow grates were open for air flow, it remained silent. It gave her confidence. It offered hope.
They crawled for several minutes, hovering over other rooms, each one having its own group of guards searching, discussing. But none were wise to their concealment. Instead they gave Barton and Adelle information. Through the guards’ conversations, they learned that Darryl was now in Whitmere’s care, and Barton would be killed on sight.
It was when the shaft became nearly without any light that Barton stopped them. They each lay flat, stretching, exhausted. Barton spoke quietly, telling Adelle that they were somewhere between rooms with only structure beneath them. They would not be heard.
Adelle began praying softly. “Dear God, please help us. Please God—”
Barton overheard. “What are you doing?”
Adelle stopped, surprised by his sudden anger. “I’m praying for help.”
“Don’t waste your time.”
Adelle heard Barton sigh wearily. She felt the bitterness in his voice. She continued anyway, softer. 
“If you want to make it out of here, you have to do what I say.” Barton said after a moment. “Praying is not going to help you.”
“How can you say that?” She said it before realizing what she was saying to him. Before she heard him growl in response, she wished she had stayed silent.
“Because I’m still here!” Barton felt his rage shake his body. “All I did for years was pray. Years! And after watching them do whatever they wanted with me, with others, I stopped praying. I stopped believing. The only person that was going to help me was me. How could any God allow this to happen to me?! How?”
Adelle understood how painful it would be for him. For years she prayed for a solution to her marital problems. Even now it seems that nothing had worked.
Still, trapped with the conditions she was in, she knew in her heart that now was the time to be praying the most.
Just the thought of her marriage brought her to tears.
“Stop crying.” Barton demanded. “Stay focused.”
“They have him,” Adelle said. She felt alone and helpless, again.
“They had you once,” he shot back. 
Adelle thought for a few moments. It was dark. It was hot. She was scared and tired. Home seemed like a dream that vanished leaving only traces to be remembered. It seemed so distant, so unreal. Her heart ached. She wept silently, praying in her head.
Barton was too mechanical for self-pity. He didn’t see his present state nearly as dark as the last ten years. He rolled onto his stomach and stared where he thought Adelle’s face would be. “I need you.”
Her weeping increased. She turned to him, not seeing his face at all in the darkness. “This is hard. Everything I know to be real isn’t.”
“Your memories are real. Cling to them. The more you think of them, the less this can claim you.” Barton’s words were filled with defiance.
“How long have you been here?” she asked quietly. Her crying stopped.
Barton took a few moments to respond. “Ten years, I think.”
Adelle felt that it easily could be that long for her. She was beginning to feel as if she was falling, with no ground to land on.
“What happened?”
“They took me, same as you.” Barton rolled onto his back, staring into the blackness. “I did what they asked because they promised me I’d go home. That was a lifetime ago.”
Adelle inched closer to him. “How did you do it? I mean, for so long without going crazy? This is not humane.”
Humane.
Barton thought back to the work he had endured. She was right. There was nothing humane about it. How could there be?
“There’s no humanity here. They’re not human.” Barton stiffened. “It’s something they delete. Strip away your core, your being, in preparation. Wipe away your memories, your emotions, everything that makes you human, and then start over.”
“Is that what they did to you?” she whispered.
“Inside, I work like they do, partially. My mind has been closed off to certain things. What and how much, I don’t know. I know they have erased my memories. I know that because I’ve helped them do it to others. I designed pills for them to do exactly that. I’ve seen it happen for so long that it doesn’t bother me. I don’t feel anything from it. Patients to me are just numbers. They are a countdown for me to leave.”
Adelle’s voice was sympathetic. “If you look at what you do remember, it’s amazing. You lost all your memories, everything that you know of yourself, except your ability to do your work. Why do you think that is? Sounds like it was done for a reason. Sounds like God to me.”
“Put yourself here for ten years and tell me what you believe in. I’ve seen so many innocent people die in horrible ways. If there is a God, why didn’t he help them? Why didn’t I have the ability to…” 
He paused then, considering something. “I couldn’t save them anyhow. I didn’t understand how things worked. Not until now.”
“That’s what you were doing, back there, with me and the other patient? You’ve figured out how to change us back?”
“After years of heartaches, of watching them deny me to leave, I began learning on my own, without them knowing. I studied how their serums work. I began working directly with Whitmere, learning everything I could. I knew I had to change myself; I knew I had to figure it out on my own. 
“I began testing on patients, secretly. I took patients that had failed experiments, ones that were dying, and began to unlock their doings. It took me a long time to figure out what it was that they changed, and even longer to discover how to correct it. And now I have. After all these years of being locked away, I hold the key.”
Barton went quiet. Adelle thought for a second that he was crying, softly enough that she would not notice, but she wasn’t sure. As she wiped away her own tears, she waited for him to continue. When he didn’t, she pressed him.
“How can you change yourself? They’ve destroyed all your…” Adelle couldn’t finish. The reality now was that he could not change. And there was no hope for Darryl either.
Barton shifted his position. “All this time, I’ve been overlooking the logic of the practice. Even when I noticed how they shy away from human blood, it didn’t register. But that’s where the secret lies. Human blood.”
In the darkness, Adelle could feel his penetrating eyes fix on hers. It dawned on her then why she was made whole again; why he had saved her.
“You need my blood,” she stated. Barton did not reply. “That’s why I’m here. Isn’t it?”
His silence reaffirmed what she suspected. He didn’t care about her any more than they did. He only wanted to use her to save himself. After all, he wasn’t entirely human. But he once was, she thought. 
“I need your blood,” Barton said faintly.
“If I die, what would happen to you?”
“You die, I die. Any chance for saving Darryl dies as well. You have the only untainted human blood.”
The darkness hid his movements. He crept closer to her. One hand held his syringe and tube waiting to capture her blood.
Adelle thought for a few moments. Whether it was selfish or not, his intentions could be justified. She pitied him. But more important, her blood needed to save her husband. Nothing else mattered.
“I will help you.” Adelle spoke just as the needle stuck into her skin, causing her to flinch unexpectedly. She swallowed hard, realizing that the choice was never hers.
“Now what?” she whispered.
“I use what is left of my solution with your blood…and hope for the best.”
Barton could see fairly well in the darkness. It was the alien part of him—the one good thing they gave him. He moved carefully, gently pouring his solution into the vial with her blood. It would work, he knew. His heart beat with excitement. He calmed his quick breathing. He steadied his nervous fingers.
It’s been so long.
Barton took a deep breath and held it. He rolled up the sleeve on his left arm. He laid the needle flat against his skin, moving slowly, waiting to feel the slight bump that would indicate a vein. He exhaled, finding one. He closed his eyes, brining the needle tip straight, preparing himself for the injection. Adelle said to keep some for Darryl, but it didn’t register. It didn’t matter.
With the pain of the last decade pressing down on him, threatening to suffocate him further, his finger squeezed the trigger.
Instantly he felt a change. It was warm, tingling from ears to toes. It raced through his system with lightening speed. He began to swelter. The injection gun dropped out of his hand, but he didn’t notice. All at once his body began to ache, trembling violently. He could not control his movements. Nothing had ever hurt so deep, so intense.
“What’s wrong?” Adelle gasped. She could hear his body thrashing. The sounds he was making made her believe he was dying. He was turning into those in the cage, she thought. He had been wrong.
She scrambled, trying to find him, trying to get close enough to assist him somehow. But it was dark and the tight quarters hindered her movements. As she reached him, she was aware of his flailing limbs. He was making too much noise.
“Sh. Calm down. What’s wrong? What can I do?” She grabbed his hands and held them tight, preventing them from knocking into the vent walls. “Talk to me.”
Barton groaned painfully, mumbling something inaudible, words fragmented with groans. Adelle did her best to silence him, to keep their concealment unknown. But he was too strong. His head struck the side of the chute too many times. Someone had to have heard.
Then all of a sudden he stopped. His body calmed.
Adelle reacted quickly, placing a hand against his mouth, feeling the warmth of the exhale. He was alive. Somehow he had survived.
Then she heard them. They were searching anew, alerted by his thrashing.
Adelle placed her hand over Barton’s mouth. She could hear the guards yelling from somewhere below. She sat motionless for several minutes. She tried a few times to wake the doctor, but failed. She decided then to leave him for a minute, crawl over to where the guards were and see if anything could be discovered. Barton could be out for hours, she knew.
“I’ll be back,” she whispered in Barton’s ear.
She crawled out of the dark recess towards the light. Conversations grew louder. She was over a room that held at least three men talking. She positioned herself over an air vent and listened. The vent was long and had a series of mesh openings angled down towards sections of the room.
Adelle heard and saw the guards clearly. She learned only that Barton had made enough noise for them to continue their search. The guards had not given up anything useful before walking out of sight. 
Adelle sighed. It had been a wasted trip. 
The room had gone quite for several long minutes when she realized there was no reason to linger. She would go back and wait for Barton to wake. If he wouldn’t on his own, she would help. He would not have the comfort of sleeping for hours.
Adelle turned herself around and had just started back the way she had come, when the vent cover disappeared and she was falling down. She hit the floor hard; the metal of the vent cover shattered the stillness.
Adelle grunted in pain, the wind knocked out of her lungs leaving her helpless. Already there were voices rushing from further away. Anyone in the hall would have heard the crash. They were coming. She would be discovered in seconds. Her hands and knees ached from the fall. But nothing hurt more than knowing she would be captured.
She rose eagerly. Her eyes searched the room for a hiding place. The voices came quicker. Guards were yelling directions. They were coming straight for her room.
Adelle panicked then, her body freezing in place. She looked up into the ceiling where the blackness of the vent shaft stared back in betrayal.



Chapter 16



I sit next to my mother’s feet as she stands at the sink washing dishes. Music plays softly from a radio on the counter. I press my back against her leg, feeling the end of her long, blue and white striped dress dangle across my neck, tickling my ears. I push my car around the black and white checkered floor, trying not to drive on the white squares.
“Do you want to be a race car driver when you get older?” my mother asks. “They drive in circles for hours and hours. Racing so fast.”
“Faster than dad?”
She smiles back. “Well…he does think he has to be the first car, doesn’t he?”
I nod. My father yells something from another room, which only makes my mother laugh.
She rubs her hands across my head. I don’t mind her wet hands. “In about twelve more years you’ll be out there driving, too. Then you’ll find out what it’s all about. There’s more to driving than just turning the wheel, or in your father’s case stomping the gas pedal and scaring turkeys back into the woods.”
Another response from my father and they’re both laughing. I look up to my mother and stare at her happy face. Her hand comes down to mine, full of suds.
“Go give this to your father,” she grins.
I take the bubbles and run towards the couch.
My mother’s laughter drowns out my father’s yelling.

I’m eighteen. I fix my hair in the mirror as my mother straightens my tie. The rest of my suit is perfect. She can’t tell I’m slightly nervous.
“Did you get the flowers?” she asks.
“Five red roses.”
“Why five?”
“It’s our fifth date.” I shrug nonchalantly. “It just so happens to be prom, too.”
I watch her nod proudly. She stands away and just stares. For a second I can see that she’ll be crying soon after I leave. “What is it, mom?”
She shakes her head. “I was just thinking how small you were when we took you home from the hospital. All wrapped up in that blanket. You were so hairy, and fussy. But you never cried long. All I had to do was put you in my arms and rock you a little and you were just fine.”
“Are you going to be okay, mom? It’s just a dance. I’ll be home just after midnight.”
I see the tears well up in her eyes.

Hands clap like thunder. I walk up the steps to the podium. My friends cheer, lost in the crowd. Walking to the valedictorian, I turn, looking at my classmates. Proudly, I reach for my diploma.

I close my book in exhaustion. I flop back onto the pillow and set the book on the lamp stand next to the bed. My roommate enters and talks me out of studying, again. Out to the pub, I know. But I can use the distraction. College is hard for me.

I hold her hand firm, feeling how frail it is now, knowing how hard it will be to lose her too. I feel her squeeze my hand back. Her weeping is quiet. The reverend finishes his prayer and the casket lowers into the ground. Now the weeping really begins. Not just from my mother, but from all around them; everyone that knew my father closely. They are all there; all of them crying. 
“I love you, mom.” 
She cries too hard to speak. She rests her head onto my shoulder.
I wish I could be a kid again, to just go back and start over. I want to feel like my father is invincible again. It hurts. It hurts so bad to watch him go. I miss him so much already.
I let go and cry too. I’ll be strong for mom later. Right now, there’s no controlling my emotions.

Barton’s body withered in pain. His eyes opened slowly. Still delusional, still lost somewhere in a blanket of memories that have rushed back to him in a sweeping whirlwind, he deciphered nothing in the darkness. Someplace deep inside him, it hurt.
The solution he perfected was working. The nano-machines were working at a drastic pace to tie the human DNA strands back in line, removing the alien at the same time. It was the cure he sought from Whitmere; the cure he would never have been given. They would have used his insight, his formulas and wisdom, until they grew tired of him, or didn’t need him further, and then he would have been removed. They either would have killed him, or changed him entirely. One way was no worse than the other; both left his soul for dead.
As his physical changes were underway, his mental and spiritual health was returning as well. His memories came at a frantic pace, showing him quick glimpses of what and who he was, where he’d been, what he’d accomplished, pains and loves, all of it before vanishing into his vault where they could be recalled at his own choosing. He was becoming whole again.
For a split second he remembered where he was. He remembered everything. And now with his human emotions returned, his humanity given back to him, he began to feel the remorse for what he had done. Patient’s faces flashed; faces screamed silently, pain filling their eyes. His stomach churned with something new, something cold and unforgiving. The weight of his sins crushed him, stealing the very air he sought to grasp. He felt hollow. He wanted to disappear; he wanted to hide from his own existence. He could feel the darkness drawing him in, wanting to sweep him into a coma where he would not have to face himself. It was soothing. He could hear it call to him to let go. His eyes blinked slower; his eyelids feeling heavier.
But he snapped out of it and felt the stale hot air of the ventilation shaft for the first time. He panicked then, realizing how close he was to losing everything again.
He forced the faces away, straining with the effort to focus. He fought the emptiness that threatened to swallow him. He balled his fists, growing angry. The trapped feeling came back, and his hate for them returned. 
But he was too weak to keep up the fight. Reality mixed with the waves of flooding memories and suddenly he was swept back into a dream-like state. He closed his eyes against the pain, slipping back into unconsciousness again.
Adelle’s whereabouts never occurred to him.

“Mom, I want you to meet someone.”
I rush Jada through my mother’s house, nearly pulling her arm too hard. Excitement fills her eyes. I hear my mother shout from the backyard and we exit the back door of the house to see her rising from her tulip garden. Sadly, I can tell she’s too old to be toiling around in soil on her knees. It’s all she has, I know.
“Mom, this is Jada.” I see her smile. She knows how much I love Jada. I turn to Jada next, “Jada, this is my mother.”
They shake hands. Jada is bashful, shy in a way I’ll never be.
“It’s nice to meet you, Jada.” My mom pulls Jada in close for a warm hug.
“And you, too. I love your house. And your garden is wonderful.” Jada says nervously.
“Oh, you’re too kind. Look closer and you’ll see it’s just a weed bed.” She shows Jada, pointing with her scrawny hand. She’s old; it shows everywhere.
“Mom, I thought that maybe we would have dinner with you tonight.” I don’t give her a chance to object. “Jada is an extremely talented chef.”
Jada shrugs modestly. “I don’t have a choice. All he cooks is cereal.”
I laugh and we jab each other playfully. I love this girl.
“Well, then. I would hate to put your talents to waste. It’s about dinner time. Come on inside.” Mom begins towards the house. She looks back to us as I take Jada’s hand in my own. “Water? Tea? Wine, Jada?” 
I whisper in Jada’s ear softly. “Not the water.”
“Tea is fine,” Jada replies.
“You pick tea. I say not the water, and you pick the tea.” I laugh and kiss her quickly. “Tea is made of water.”
We enter the house and walk into the kitchen. I show Jada pictures on the wall. She laughs at my grade school photos. Laughs harder at my kindergarten haircut.
“Who cut your hair?”
With my eyes only, I let her know it was my mom. 
My mother opens the fridge. “Water? Soda?”
“Tea is fine,” Jada says again.
“Oh, I don’t carry any tea.”
Jada shoots me a curious look. I can only shrug.
I help my mother out of the way, investigating for myself. “Mom, what sounds good to you?”
“Oh, I can’t eat again. I just had dinner.”
I stare at her in wonder. I see her turn to Jada, hand extended in greeting. I feel my stomach churn.
“And you must be the girl he’s so worked up about?” she asks.
Jada hesitates. “I think so.”
“You’re so pretty.” She looks like she’s has such a great idea. “I know what you need: a tulip. I have a beautiful garden outside. Would you care to see it?”
I close the refrigerator door. My heart breaks. It’s beginning, I know. Early stage, of course. But the outcome is inevitable. I’ve gone too long in between visits to catch the subtle hints. I fill with regret. 
How soon before she forgets who I am?
Alzheimer’s has no cure. There is nothing I can do to help her. I wish it were otherwise. I get mad that I’m not smarter for her. I want badly to have the cure—to have more time. There must be a way. Instantly I am obsessed with finding the answer. My future is now mapped out. My determination is chiseled in stone.
I hear my mother repeat something else to Jada. My spirit is washed in sadness. Jada sees it. She knows. She reaches out and holds my hand, rubbing her thumb against mine. I don’t feel like eating. I feel like mourning.



Chapter 17



It’s five o’clock. Jada shouts the time from the kitchen, giving the count down. It is five minutes before we have to leave. She has a large water bottle ready, and starts to put some snacks in her purse. I’m upstairs helping Avery with his cleats. Lorelai flutters around like a butterfly, proudly showing off her summer dress to the cat she named Kit Cat. People tell her that she looks like her mother. I agree.
“Lor, honey, put your sandals on. We have to leave now.” Jada says to our daughter. She points to a small pair of pink sandals near the kitchen doors. Lorelai meows a few times as she runs. Jada sighs and shakes her head. She says nothing, but she can’t wait for little Lor to stop talking like a cat.
“Steve?” Jada shouts with a slight annoyance. “We have to leave in five minutes, you two. Five minutes!”
“We’re ready!” I shout back from a room beyond the top of the stairs.
Avery and I rush to the staircase in a thundering of footsteps, bringing a smile to Jada’s face. Avery shows off his uniform, bright and clean for the last time. His baseball cap is almost too big. I follow Avery down the steps, carrying a baseball bag full of bats and Avery’s glove. I am a proud father.
“Look at my boy!” Jada announces. It brings a smile to Avery. He blushes and smiles grand—minus one tooth in the top front. “Avery Barton. You look just like your father.”
“Yes, we are some good looking ball players.” I say.
“I’m like a baseball team,” Avery says. He’s five.
Avery reaches the floor and Jada grabs and hugs him, kissing him a hundred times. Avery doesn’t mind. Jada takes a few pictures and sets her camera in her purse.
“Is Lorelai ready?” I ask.
Jada points to Lor, who is spinning in a circle, watching her dress rise. “If she doesn’t make herself sick before we get to the car, we’re good.”
“Well, alright. Let’s go!” 
I take Lor’s hand and walk her outside. Jada straightens Avery’s shirt, fussing like a perfectionist. Avery tries to walk away.
“Mom, come on. It’s fine. We have to go.”
Jada smiles. “You’re going to be fine.”
“I’m not scared, mom.” Avery is annoyed now. He rushes past her, making her follow.
I set the bag in the minivan, shutting the back door as Jada and Avery rush out to us. Lor is sitting in her pink, flowery booster seat, trying to buckle her seatbelt in. Avery gets in on his own and shuts his door.
My phone rings from inside my jean-short’s pocket. The ring tone is poppy. It makes Jada roll her eyes.
“Put it on mute or vibrate,” she says. “You’ll embarrass the hell out of me if someone calls.”
I recognize the number calling and sigh. It’s work. It’s urgent, of course. It’s not good. Jada sees my excitement dampen. She knows. She stares at me as I answer it. She hates it. I hear her mumble something unpleasant as she gives me the look.
“Go ahead,” I answer. There’s a nurse speaking quickly to me, urgently. There’s been a problem. I look away from Jada. She is going to be mad. “Okay, don’t do anything until I get there. Give me ten minutes. Bye.”
Jada is shaking her head before I can put the phone back into my pocket. “You can’t be serious?”
“I’m sorry. I have to.”
She’s hurt. “You always have to. This is your son’s first little league game ever. You will never have this back.”
“I’m on call. It’s my job.”
“Let it be someone else’s job right now!” Jada snatches the car keys from my hands. “You miss out on birthdays, school plays…he’s five, Steve. He’ll remember these times. He’ll remember that you weren’t there. Is that how you want it?”
“That’s not fair.” I get angry too. I don’t want to leave. Not again. “Look, I’ll be an hour. The game is what…two hours long? I’ll make it there, I promise.”
“It’s not just them that miss you.” Jada’s eyes are sad. “Sometimes it feels like you’re married to that hospital.”
“Hey, this is my job! I’ve dedicated years of my life to be able to be in this position, Jade.” She hates it when I call her that. 
She’s quiet for a second. “You can’t save her, you know.”
“What?” I don’t follow.
“Your mother. You’re doing all of this because of her.”
“What? She’s dead, Jade. Why would you say that?”
“You blame yourself for not being able to help her. I think you still believe that you can. If you can help other amnesia patients, then you can somehow—”
I’ve had enough. “I said I’ll be there, then I’ll be there. One hour.”
Jada shakes her head. “We have to go.”
Jada pushes past me to enter the car. She starts it up and backs up past me without looking in my direction. The kids stare at me. They don’t understand, but it’s not a big surprise. It’s just another disappointment.
“Take pictures for me!” I yell. I catch Avery’s eyes. “I love you buddy! Swing hard! Keep your eye on the ball!”
I keep giving advice as the van drives away. It’s at the end of the driveway, turning onto the street before I walk for the garage to my car. I fight to contain my tears. What Jada said hurt. But she was right. When my mother lost her memory and the amnesia was so severe that she didn’t know me anymore, I vowed to fix it. I vowed to discover a way to reverse the disease.
I start up my car and drive away. I’m speeding; I’m in a hurry. I have to get to the hospital, help where he can, then get to the game. I have to prove Jada wrong. 
I’ll never miss another game.
I’m not driving reckless, but close to it. The road bends around the lake, sharp ahead. I slow a bit, tires screech around and through the curve. I speed up again to make up for the time lost. The city looms ahead through the breaks in the trees. I see the hospital and step on the gas harder.
The road bends once more, not much curve this time—just enough. Going in to it, my hands gripping the wheel hard, an old man appears out of no where, standing in the road. I yell, stomping both feet on the brake pedal. The car squeals terribly. I swerve to avoid the man, and skid out of control and veer straight for a tree line.
Impact is inevitable. I close my eyes, screaming as the huge maple nears.
The ghastly crash is the last sound I hear.	
Blood trickling down my throat wakes me. Through my blurred vision, I see lights surrounding me. My head stings. My neck hurts. My hands bleed from cuts and broken glass coats me like a second skin. I smell something burning, breaking through the fresh air in swirls.
I slump back in the seat. The door opens and someone pulls me free from the mangled car. I see the smoke now, rising from the engine, now crushed into a horse-shoe shape around the massive tree. Leaves and bark blanket the remaining section of the hood. Disoriented, I understand very little of what happened. I’m even less aware of what’s happening now. Each passing second I slip further from the present and deeper into a dreamlike state. 
My vision becomes cloudy. I stare up, now lying on a bed being pushed, and notice someone talking. Lips are moving, but I make out no sound. The constant ringing in my ears drowns out everything. I’m too tired to stay awake; too weak to fight it any longer.
I open my eyes now and see lights all around me. Bright lights, not like before. I’m inside someplace, moving on a bed. I can feel the straps against my wrists and ankles keeping me in place.
Someone appears close up. My vision is still blurry, too much to make out the other’s features. A hand brushes fragments of glass from my face. I want to talk, I want to ask what happened and find out where I am, but I can’t speak. It hurts to even try. The desire leaves me almost instantly. The desire to do anything at all leaves. I close my eyes, allowing the spinning to send me into slumber.
A terrible pinch in my left forearm wakes me suddenly. It stings! I can move little; the straps are tight. I’m alert now, in a room. Lights and devices are everywhere. People surround me; more rush by. The look they give me is uncomforting; some offer pity, some disgust. Their eyes give away too much. I wonder what is wrong with me. My features must be badly damaged. Why else would they stare in such ways? They make me feel vulnerable and self-conscious. I begin to fear the worst. Something is horribly wrong and no one has said what. Voices flutter in and out like lights flashing in deep fog. Still no one speaks of my condition.
I see the shot coming this time, a long needle, a silver fluid injecting into my arm. It hurts. They all watch me. I feel tired again. I see the blackness close in on my vision, slowly washing away everything. I see less of their curious eyes. I see only the impenetrable dark.
I dream, I think. I see a beautiful woman with sad eyes, standing in the daylight by a boy and a girl. I cannot speak to them; I cannot hear their voices. The sky turns grey, their faces and bodies are slowly erased away, as if they are smoke in the wind, vanishing along with everything else.
The talking wakes me. The room is now less bright; only a few faces crowd the bed. Someone is doing something to my hands. They still hurt, but also feel strange. Someone fixes my pillow, straightening my head, talking soothingly, asking questions maybe. I’m not sure if it’s directed to me or not. I’m still not sure of anything that’s happening. 
A man hovers over me. He’s old. He holds a small light, shinning it into one eye, then the other. It’s bright! I turn in response, but the old man is persistent. The light shuts off and I look up to see the old man’s tan, smooth face smiling, eyes seemingly happy. I stare into the black pools looking back at me and suddenly remember the old man in the road. Was this him? Could it be?
Then suddenly I remember the crash. Images form with blinding speed, disappearing faster than they came, one after another, changing with a blink. But then someone jabs me with a needle and the pain steals my focus. The twinge from that rakes my body thoroughly. My feet feel cold now, fingertips numbing. So cold! My stomach begins to churn wildly, violently.
The old man reappears—not smiling anymore—talking. There is a gleam in the old eyes—very intense. I’m not sure that the old man is friendly anymore. I’m suddenly frightened by him. Others walk out of the room, leaving me with the old man. The old one continues for a few seconds, and then moves away. The room is now empty.
I rest in bed, feeling strange. It’s indescribable. My head slides into a dizzy spin. At first, I hate it. But after a few moments I give in and it takes me. Somehow it eases the pain. It drifts me into slumber.
As my eyes begin to close, I try to think of where I am. I cannot gather a thought though. I have no answer to anything.
My eyes shut closed. 
“See you soon,” the old man’s voice whispers very close to my face, chilling me.
The words echo through the blackness I slip into.



Chapter 18



Darryl awoke with a start. It was sometime during the night. The hallway was quiet. It was bright. They were on alert for Barton, he knew. They would not give him any opportunities this time. 
Several bodies walked past his window. No one entered. He remembered that he was checked by several nurses once he was back in his room. Though he fell asleep soon thereafter, he knew that they had not left the room for some time. They were busy looking him over, thoroughly searching for anything that Barton had done to him.
But Barton had not touched him. It was the others in that cell that they needed to be checking. Those people were surely going to die.
Darryl felt safe now—given the circumstances. His bed felt like home. For the first time, he found it comfortable. The light in the hall and the doctors and nurses walking by assured him that no one would be able to sneak into his room. The room had no bars. It was absent to dying people.
Being locked in that cage, even for just the couple of hours he was, had changed things for him. He just wished he knew what had happened to the rest of them. And Adelle. There was still no whispering of where she was.
He sat upright. He felt good, not nauseous like he had most of the time since arriving. Adelle was on his mind. He had information that he needed to share. Whitmere had to know what was down there. He had to inform the doctor so Adelle could be found.
If she hadn’t been already.
Darryl thought about it for only a second before he tossed the sheet off of him and moved out of bed. His mind was made up. Time could not be wasted on waiting for someone to come to him. He walked to the door. Staring out into the hall, he saw two men, doctors he presumed, standing near a desk just a few yards away. He tried to open the door, but it was locked. He thought it was odd, but instantly began to pound on the window. He saw the two men turn towards him immediately. They rushed through the hall and opened his door.
“I need to speak to Whitmere,” Darryl said urgently.
“Are you alright?” one said.
They looked concerned. Darryl shook his head. “I’m fine. But I need to tell him what I found down there. He needs to know.”
“What is this about?” the other asked.
“Did you find Adelle?” Darryl asked.
The men looked at each other quizzically. They had no clue who she was.
“Blonde hair. My age.” Darryl offered. “Doctor Barton had taken her.”
They understood now, but couldn’t help. 
“No. You’re the only patient found.” one said.
“Alive,” the other added.
Darryl’s heart sank. Now he felt nauseous. The two doctors said something about the dying patients that were found locked up that they could not help. Barton had changed them. Their insides were altered beyond functioning. All of them died. But Darryl had only heard bits and pieces of what they said. He was too lost thinking that Adelle was dead.
He staggered back, leaning himself against the wall. It was all wrong, he thought. How did they not find her?
The door was closing. The doctors were walking away.
Darryl turned in a panic. “Send Doctor Whitmere! I need to talk to him! Please!”
“Settle down. Go back to bed.” a voice shot back.
They walked out of sight leaving Darryl to wonder if he would see the doctor before morning. He stood looking into the hall for several more minutes before turning back and lying in bed once again. He was anxious and worried.
The door opened suddenly and Darryl jumped with a shout. Doctor Whitmere stalked over to him. He appeared to be in a hurry and had no time for humor or anything of no importance. Darryl swallowed hard. He had not seen Whitmere look this way before.
“Darryl, I’m glad to see you are awake finally.” Whitmere stopped next to the bed. His eyes were intense.
“Sorry, but I never got to tell you about what had happened.”
Whitmere’s facial expression did not alter. “You were mumbling something when they had found you and brought you to me. I did what I could to decipher your words, but in the end your desire to sleep won.”
Darryl sat upright, wide awake. “Sorry about that.”
“Don’t be. I’m sure you underwent a lot before they found you.”
“I was just worried that I’d never be found. Or after it was too late.”
“What have you to tell me, Darryl?”
“I was locked in a room with bars, like a jail cell. There were a few others in there with me. They were sick. Their bodies didn’t look right, and they smelled like they were already dying. I saw one die, actually. He moaned like it hurt so bad, and then he dropped to the floor, hitting his head on the floor, and died. It was just…awful.
“Another patient talked to me. He told me all kinds of things. But then he died too. I don’t know who escaped with me. I never looked back. I ran thinking I was heading for Barton’s lab, or where he was taking the patients. I thought I could find Adelle and save her. The last thing I remembered what feeling the cold floor as I reached some steps.”
“The patient you were speaking with, what did he say to you?”
Get to the point, is what you mean. Darryl saw the expression—the look of annoyance. He must have been sleeping prior to this visit, Darryl thought.
“He was crazy. He told me things like Barton had injected them with things to make their bodies change. That Barton was working on a cure for himself and the patients were guinea pigs. But he didn’t care, because they were already dying. He said the same thing had happened to Barton a long time ago.”
Darryl looked right into the old man’s eyes. They were dark. “Is that true?”
“Yes and no. But that’s irrelevant. He was our captive then. Tests were necessary. Not just for our protection, but for his as well. His lungs would not have sustained our air, for example. And whatever changes did occur in him only helped our studies further.”
“What did he do to those patients to change them like that?”
“Darryl, just be glad you are out of harms reach. If you were left in his care for a few more hours…Well, I doubt you could even imagine.”
“Adelle is though. You need to find her.” Darryl said with urgency.
“Darryl, did you have any sort of contact with Doctor Barton?” Whitmere sighed.
“No.” Darryl said, but then changed his answer. “Wait. He did show up and take a patient. I asked him to take me. But he didn’t.”
“Did he say why that was?”
Darryl’s head shook. “The other patient told me it was because he needed dying patients. He said he would rather die than have Barton experiment on him again.”
Whitmere looked away. He was thinking of what Barton was doing, if he was succeeding, rather. Did he find his cure? Or does he still need to test. Nothing in Darryl’s blood samples showed that Barton had begun work in him. If that was true, then the chances were good that Barton was still failing. And if that was true, he would need further testing. Further testing meant Darryl. Darryl was the only candidate left. 
Would he have the nerve to come for Darryl again? Now? Yes, he would. And that will be his downfall.
“Do you have any news on Adelle?” Darryl asked after a few moments of silence.
Whitmere was annoyed. “Assume that she is dead. Or will be shortly. I would not hope to see her again if I were you.”
Darryl frowned. It’s not what he wanted to hear.
Whitmere groaned. “Is there anything else? Anything that the other patients have said that I should know about?”
“No. There wasn’t much conversation. I was more concerned about getting out of there.”
“And we are grateful that you did,” the old one said with a smile. “Okay, you’ve had a strenuous day. I’ll let you get back to sleep.”
“Are you still searching for her?” Darryl lay back, watching the other moved slightly for the door. He knew Whitmere would leave now.
“Our top concern right now is Doctor Barton. If she is discovered, that is fine and wonderful. But right now, he is our greatest threat. And he must be found.”
Whitmere turned and walked for the door. As he opened it, he turned back. “Darryl, I will have to do some extensive testing on you tomorrow. Get some rest.”
Without another word, he left the room.
Darryl looked away from the door and up to the ceiling. He wished he knew where Adelle was. He grew angry with himself for not finding her while he was down there. It had been his chance.
He rolled onto his side. Sleep would not come easy.
Just as he was closing his eyes, the hall lights dimmed to almost nothing at all.
Darryl jumped out of bed in disbelief. His heart pounded. He swallowed hard, rushing to the door. He looked out, expecting to see the alien Barton coming for him. Instead, he saw Whitmere. The doctor was walking with a nurse past his door. Neither were concerned. They walked out of sight. The hall was empty. The lights were off, save for two on each side of his door, which only shined with a faint dull glow.
Darryl frowned. The light had been his ally.
He was scared. He reached the door handle and tugged. It wasn’t locked. It gave in smoothly. He quickly shut it—firmly. He wanted to hear it lock. He pressed against it, still waiting. It gave no sound. He tugged on it again, and it opened. Now he felt small and vulnerable.
Why would they shut the lights off? They know he’s out there.
Panic began to set in. His mind raced with a hundred scenarios—all of them leading to his death. Dark whispers taunted him. There would be nothing positive about this.
An idea clicked inside his head then. It was brighter than all of his dark paranoia. The door was open. He could leave. He could sneak out and search for Adelle. It was crazy, he knew. But almost immediately he began to reason it out. And he didn’t get the feeling from Doctor Whitmere that finding Adelle was of any importance. They may not even be searching for her. It was almost as if they didn’t really care.
But Darryl did.
And the more he thought about it, the more it made sense. Before he even realized what he was doing, his hands were on the handle and he was pulling it open. He saw no one. He opened it further, looking down the hall on both sides—no one. It was now or never.
His pulse quickened. His heart beat faster. He stepped away from his door carefully and moved swiftly into the darkness.



Chapter 19



A single light shined dimly near the far corner of Doctor Whitmere’s office, several feet behind where the doctor sat. He stared blankly at diagrams of human DNA chains that were plastered against his cabinet doors. His mind was overwhelmed with thoughts of his partner for the last decade. Barton needed to be found. He needed to be destroyed. The Council would not allow Barton’s existence outside of his care, his control. They would make certain that no further mishaps could take place. They had urged Whitmere to remove him twice before, but he had talked them out of it each time. He told them how important Barton’s knowledge was to their experiments, to their goals. They had listened and allowed Whitmere his project then. Now things will change.
The Council would not listen to his pleas this time, he knew. His meeting with them in the morning would be different. He was accepting that they may even punish him for allowing the mess to happen in the first place.
It didn’t have to end this way, he thought angrily.
Whitmere thought about it for a long while. Barton was smart. He was calculated. He was an enemy. Even without having his memory return, he was dangerous to them. Barton would not be talked out of anything now. He would not see their way. He would fight them to the death. And they would win.
Whitmere sighed and closed his eyes. Barton must die.
And yet, at the same time, Whitmere didn’t want to lose him.
He thought back. They had not captured a human with Barton’s intellect before. Once they had unlocked his mind, Barton began evolutionizing their protocol. It was a new way of thinking. He showed them things that they never would have discovered on their own. He became the perfect fit.
“And what are you up to now?” he said out loud to himself. “Have you given yourself what I’ve promised? Have you found your cure, become yourself and no longer mine? You have, haven’t you?”
It was a possibility, Whitmere understood. If Barton hadn’t changed yet, he would.
Whitmere smiled then, in spite of himself, out of full blown jealousy, because he never would have been able to create the cure for Barton. He had never intended on finding one, anyway.
The door opened suddenly. It brought Whitmere out of his chair and to his feet at once. Nurse Jean rushed inside; her head turning in search of him until their eyes met and she shook her head. She gave Whitmere an “I told you so” look.
“He left.”
“Barton?”
“No, the patient; the male; your bait. Your trap backfired.” Jean was irritated. “He walked out of his room and rushed down the hall just after you left.”
Whitmere was confused. “Where does he think he’s going?”
“Your plan failed. I am turning the lights and locks back on.”
“No. Not yet.” Whitmere walked over to her. He saw the frustration in her eyes. His smile was anything but playful. “No, no. I know where he’s going. This will work out still. Instead of Barton coming for him, he’ll lead us right to Barton.”
Jean was not sold. Turning off the security and the lights so Barton would work his way back into the patient’s ward had been a bad idea. “I don’t follow.”
“The girl. He’s looking for the girl.”
Jean’s face lifted with curiosity. “He’s remembered?”
“No. He’s in love.”
Jean grew angry then. “This was a mistake. I told you we should not have taken them both. What will you do now? What will you do when he finds her? I told you this…feeling they have cannot be contained. You cannot suppress it. You cannot burry it. When he finds her and their feelings come back you will have lost both of them. Then there will be three of them out of your control. The Council will be furious!”
“Calm down, Jean.” Whitmere raised his hand, signaling for her to stop ranting. 
“Don’t tell me what to do!” Jean’s face sparked with anger. “Our race is dying! And instead of ensuring a breeding of longetivity, you’re playing selfish games!”
Jean glared strongly. She hated Whitmere. “I am going to the Council to share my feelings and insight. If I were you, I would find the male before he finds what he is looking for and make sure Barton is placed where he should have been long ago.”
Whitmere’s smile was cold. “You’ve blinded yourself because of your feelings for him.”
“What are you talking about?” 
“Barton. You have allowed feelings for him to cloud your judgment. Am I wrong?”
Jean spoke cold and soft. “You don’t know anything about them. You never bothered to learn from them.”
“And the point from that would be what? To live as one?” Whitmere saw her as pathetic. “You’re a failed scientist, Jean. Leave this to me.”	
Jean hardened. “The Council pulled me from the project after he was a year in progress. I was needed elsewhere.”
Whitmere laughed. “The Council had nothing to do with it. I demanded it. You lost your edge. When Barton became what he is and the tests were complete, you changed. Your demeanor, your focus, everything. I saw it back then. In your eyes, in the way you spoke to him, in everything that you did with him, I saw it. You stared at him as if he came from your womb. As if you were to protect your creation from all harm, losing sight that he was still nothing more than a patient.”
“You did this?” A melancholy look crept past her angry eyes.
Whitmere stopped short from standing too close. Jean stiffened. Whitmere continued. “I could not let your feelings interfere. We both knew there would be a day when he would be destroyed. A patient is a patient is a patient, Jean. Nothing more.”
“Hypocrite! You keep him for yourself.” Jean’s eyes started to water. “You’re nothing without him. I can see that clearly. You promise him what he wants the most—what you would never even consider giving to him, only to keep him working for you, to keep in favor with the Council.”
“The Council is old and foolish. Because of them and their actions we have died. What I am doing is making our race survive! Me!”
They were quiet for a moment. Jean shook her head. “You’re mad.”
“The Council needs to know only what they need to know, Jean. The patients will be found; the male is simply doing what he thinks is best for her. He believes she is in Barton’s possession. And because he knows everything, he will not side with Barton. If anything, he will only help us capture the other two. It will all work out. I promise you.”
Jean shook her head. “What did you tell him?”
“Only what he needed to know.”
“He didn’t need to know anything,” Jean insisted.
“Are you sure?”
“Are you?” Jean’s irritation threatened to diminish his outlook. “Whatever sort of game you are playing, it needs to stop. Erase their memories and alter what you can. And try to figure out how to do everything without Barton.”
“I did what was necessary, despite what you think. Barton needs to be found against all odds. Me telling the male that Barton is an alien only allows me to use him against Barton. I know what I’m doing, Jean.”
“You told the patient Barton is an alien?” Jean snorted.
“Of course. It is the truth.”
“They are the aliens!”
Whitmere smiled. “Only to us, Jean. We are alien to aliens.”
“You risk too much.” Jean turned for the door, disproval coated her face. “This needs to end. The Council will not be happy.”
Jean stormed out of the lab. Whitmere frowned slightly.
She had been a thorn in his side for years. He thought of how he could remove her from his skin. For a long while he thought nothing else.



Chapter 20



Adelle froze. Shadows entered the room a second before the guards arrived. It was too late to run, too late to hide. It was too late to do anything. In the back of her head, she expected Doctor Barton to descend from the vent and somehow save her. But it was too late for even that. 
Four men dressed in red uniforms rushed in. Upon seeing her, they came to a sudden halt. Adelle caught them by surprise, standing by herself, eyes filled with terror.
Adelle panicked. “Help me! Doctor Barton was here!” she cried.
The trick worked. It had captured their attention, changed their focus. They turned away from her quickly and began to search the room. Two of them stood next to her, not allowing her to leave. They needed to take her back to the upper levels and report their finding.
Adelle knew it was over if she did not act. She could not go back with them. And they would make her.
“Where did he go?” the one closest to her asked. His face was mean. His eyes gleamed. “Which way?”
Adelle pointed out the door and to the left. Two guards rushed out immediately. The other two hesitated, deciding who would escort her. They argued briefly. Neither wanted to touch the girl, and the real reward would only come with Barton’s capture. Turning in Adelle meant one of them would be removed from a shot at glory.
But the shorter guard, the one with the flabby skin and pointy nose, gave in and accepted his fate. The other bolted from the room immediately.
Adelle heard the guard grunt in response. He reached for her arm. She swallowed hard. She could feel the anxiety explode from deep within her, speeding throughout her body, as she punched the guard in the head with everything that she had. The guard was caught unprepared, struck hard enough to knock him unconscious before he hit the floor.
Adelle shrieked. It was an explosion of fear and adrenaline mixed with the slight pain in her hand. It wasn’t until she saw him lying on the floor unmoving that she realized what she had done.
The other guards were yelling at each other down the hall. They were still searching. She had a few moments alone. But the fear paralyzed her with uncertainty. She stood motionless for far too long. She still felt trapped. If she tried to flee now, the guards in the hall would have her. This time they would not be fooled. If she waits another minute, the guard on the floor would come to. She hated the thought of what would happen then. 
One guard yelled in the hall, further down from the room Adelle was in. She raced to the door and snuck a quick glance. Far down the hall to her left the guards were entering another room. Good, she thought.
She began acting before fully thinking anything through. She moved fast, pulling and yanking the body across the floor. She would hide him, bind his hands and gag him. When there was a chance, the others would get the same treatment.
She looked around the room and saw a cabinet. It was short and undersized, but would have to do. She stuffed his body inside the cabinet and closed the doors. She saw a few short iron rods on the countertop. She used one to bar the cabinet doors shut, and took the other two rods with her. 
Now what?
She rushed to the door, carefully peering out once again. It was clear. 
With a rod in each hand, she stepped into the hall. She would run as fast as she could out of there, she thought. But to where?
It didn’t matter. The guards did not give her time to ponder.
“Hold on!” one yelled.
“Get her!” another followed.
Adelle turned in response. Somehow all of the guards were closing in fast. How did I miss them?
“Don’t move!” another yelled.
Adelle squeezed the rods hard. She slowly inhaled deep. Wait, she told herself. Let them find me innocent. A little closer.
The guards slowed their approach as if they were capturing an animal and didn’t want to frighten it. Adelle heard them whispering as they circled her.
“How do we kill it?” one hushed.
“No. Whitmere wants them alive.”
“What if we have to?” he asked again.
“Cover their mouths, or squeeze their necks. They die easily.” one answered.
Adelle shivered. Their attempts at secrecy failed. She took offense to their last remark. She would die hard.
Slowly they moved in on her. Her back was against the wall, and out before her in every direction stood an advancing guard. She remained still, waiting. Her eyes met each of theirs in short, quick glances. They were hard and purposeful, filled with hate, and something Adelle found frightening.
Then all at once they rushed her.

Darryl contained his search to the darkest halls. If the lights were dim, faint, or out, he was there. He knew it would lead him to Barton.
He saw no one in his roaming. The halls were empty. He found that odd. He didn’t have a good idea where everyone would be. Someone surely must be working. But the evidence all pointed to him being alone.
He had left his room about ten minutes ago, turned down a few hallways, descended a staircase, and now stood in a long corridor with barred doors on both sides. It looked familiar. He thought he had found the hall that Barton had him locked away in. It gave him hope.
He moved slowly and cautiously, peering into the near darkness ahead and straining his ears for any movements. He passed by two rooms that were empty. Silence fell over everything. 
Almost near the end of the hall, he saw that it branched to his left and right. He stood at its center for a few minutes trying to decide which way to go. He played his instincts and went left. More doors, more silence.
Then he heard something. It was faint; he couldn’t tell what it was.
Darryl stopped and froze. He could hear his heart pound against his ribs. He waited for a few moments in silence. Then he heard it again. He turned, realizing that he had went the wrong way. He moved quicker, knowing the noise was much further away. He still wasn’t sure what it was.
And then he heard a grunt—hard and terrible. It was filled with anguish and exertion. A fight, he realized. Adelle! He moved faster. The noise began to filter; there were several distinct sounds. A man’s voice, angry and violent, stood out above the others.
Barton!

Adelle rose from the floor. She checked herself for injury. She didn’t bother looking down; she knew they were all dead. She had made sure of that.
Even though she was not bleeding, she was hurt. Her left arm had been badly struck and she could do nothing but dangle it limply. But she was alive. The gleam in her eyes matched the fire within.
She backed away from the dead guards carefully. She needed to hide. She needed time to heal and recover. The rooms in the hall would all be searched, she knew. If she stayed, she would be found. Immediately she thought of Barton. If she could manage to get into the vent shaft again she could wait it out safely.
She walked back into the room and stood below the ventilation shaft. The grate lay at her feet as she stared up into the black opening. It was ten feet high, she thought. There was no table or chair to stand on either.
She sighed wearily.
“Barton!” she whispered.
No response came back. It was too risky to call him again.
It dawned on her that when the guards entered the room again and found the grate lying on the floor that the vent would have to be searched. 
Their concealment was in jeopardy. She had to find a way up into it again, and place the grate back. Then she would find Barton.
She picked up the grate, finding it was heavier than it looked. She grunted in pain from her injured left arm, but kept going. She could cry later, she told herself. Take it to the next room, or the room after, or the one after that, until she found a way up into the vent. Holding it in front of her, Adelle began to leave the room.

Darryl found the hall to be brighter than the previous, though it was still pretty dim. The reason for the light, he knew, was because work could not be performed in the dark. Barton was here.
He checked a few rooms, finding them empty, before he saw something in the hall. He stayed close to the wall as he moved towards it. He made out forms—bodies. The closer he came, the more evident it was. Four men lay dead, bleeding from deep wounds. His heart raced with adrenaline. His breathing quickened. His eyes searched frantically.
Then he heard a noise.
He pressed himself flat against the wall just inches from the doorway. From inside the room something moved. Someone was working. Barton, he knew.
Darryl heard steps then, getting closer.
Do it and do it fast. Don’t give him a chance.
At his feet, next to a cold, lifeless hand, laid a rod.

Adelle struggled to carry the grate, hoping that the room next door would offer a table to stand on. She moved as quietly as she could. It was going to be hard, but it was the only way. She needed to get back to Barton. She needed to wake him and get him to help find Darryl. She needed him to get them out of there.
Please, God. Please.
She was terrified of failing. The only thought running through her head was finding Darryl. As she stepped into the hall, she heard a grunt.

Darryl closed his eyes. Barton was stepping through the doorway. The iron rod was already swinging down. He felt it strike hard, heard someone yelp, and then heard the body hit the floor along with a metal object.
Darryl smiled with relief. He opened his eyes. Looking down, he saw a body underneath a ventilation grate. But he had done it. He had stopped Barton.
Adelle would be safe now, he thought. They all would be.
He reached down and took hold of the grate, lifting it up and tossing it aside.
His life drained out in a painful gasp. He dropped to his knees like a falling tree. His mouth stayed open in shock. He had not a sound to give. He could feel his heart twist and churn while it broke. He was going numb all over.
His hands swept the stray bands of hair off Adelle’s face. He had not a thought left.
So lost in disbelief, he missed hearing the eruption in the room, the slamming of wooden doors, the angry hiss of a man set loose.
“Adelle,” he sobbed softly. “Can you hear me? Adelle? I’m sorry.”
He was aware then of someone standing in the doorway. A voice said something, but it failed to register. In utter confusion, Darryl looked up. The last thing he saw was a large fist hailing down towards him.



Chapter 21



His heart beat slow and steady. His chest rose and fell in slight, relaxed motions; his breathing was calm. His body lay motionless, his mind lost in slumber, in a quiet peacefulness that had not existed to him in years.
His dreams were a mix of memories intertwined with fond happenings. He would have kept the illusion longer than it lasted. His wife was there. His kids were there. The past ten years did not exist.
Doctor Barton yawned deeply, his body stirring awake. He casually stretched his arms and legs as the dream faded. His eyes slowly opened. He blinked a few times to clear his vision, unable to see anything but the black wash surrounding him. But it was useless. Lying on his back, he turned his head to the side wondering if he was dead. The darkness in the vent blanketed him completely. Confusion turned to panic.
He abruptly sat upright, wanting light, wanting to see clearly, wanting to know what his surroundings were. But as his body turned, he felt the metal of the vent shaft enclosing him, and reality slowly set in. Then he noticed the thick, stale air. It brought consciousness with it.
Doctor Barton scrambled around, feeling like he was dangling from a noose, like he was trapped underwater, so far from the surface. He saw the light at the end of the tunnel; the faint rays of hope not yet diminished by the isolation drowning him. He stared through the vent, focused on the dim, blurry light offered far beyond where he sat.
But he couldn’t move. Instead, he cried. It was uncontrollable, hard, and painful. He curled into a fetal position and sobbed in anguish. His eyes squeezed shut so tight that it made his head throb. His nose bled. His body shivered. 
He prayed hard for it to be a dream, trying to will it to happen. 
Jesus, you can do it. Let it be a dream. Wake me up! Take me home!
For several long minutes it lasted. When he had no tears left to shed, he quieted, laying still, feeling sick. It was nearly thirty minutes before he moved. He wiped the snot and tears off his face and sat upright. He missed his wife and kids. The last day with them remained in his thoughts, replaying moments and conversations over and over. He began to rethink all of the decisions he made that day. He would have done so many things differently.
His eyes stung. He stared towards the dim light and thought about what he had missed in the last ten years. They would not be waiting for him to return, he knew. They had given up hope long ago.
The ache in his heart threatened to prevent him from doing anything but curling back into a ball and waiting for death to claim him. The pain was not physical, but everything else. He struggled for air for a few moments before he gathered himself and calmed. The pain did not leave. And the mountain before him said neither could he.
You can’t leave. You have no place to go. Whitmere’s voice whispered coldly.
He shook his head. His mind was made. He was leaving.
Barton began crawling towards the light. His chest was sore. He felt oddly strange inside. But he knew the transition was complete. The blood infusion overrode what they had done to him. He had succeeded.
His hand brushed across something. He carefully grasped it, feeling it, knowing it was the injection gun. He put it into his pocket.
Suddenly he realized that Adelle was not with him. He had no idea how long he had been out. She could have waited for hours before leaving, he thought. Where would she go? Why would she leave? Did they take her? But his questions had no answers. Surely she would know how foolish it was to leave the vent. If she were caught again, there would be no saving her.
But she wasn’t trying to save herself, he realized. It was him; her husband. She went looking for him. She would risk her life to save his.
He crawled for a while, until he reached the light source: a hole in the vent floor. The cover was missing. He could see down into the room below clearly. He saw no indication of Adelle. He did not even see the grate covering.
Barton frowned. He sighed heavily. He had a bad feeling. He knew he had to exit the vent in order to find Adelle. But roaming around while everyone was looking for him didn’t sit well in his already churning stomach.
He could leave and save himself. But even before the idea had fully developed he was dismissing it. He would not leave her to that fate.
He became mad then. Mad at the circumstances that allowed him to be in this situation. He moved closer about the opening, preparing to jump down into the room. He allowed his anger to boil, to fuel him, to push him towards the edge.
Then he saw two wooden doors fly open and watched a man crawl out of a cabinet. It happened so fast that Barton was stunned and didn’t move. He watched the man rush for the door. A second later, he heard the man yelling. It lasted a few moments, and then all was quiet.
Barton moved himself back a little from the opening. His eyebrows slanted downwards. He could hear shouts from other guards coming. Something had happened. He could hear some celebration in their voices. They found her, he thought. 
He felt a sinking in his stomach. If the girl had gotten herself captured, then they would be coming for him too.
Staring down into the room through the opening, he realized that the guards would look in the vent first. He had to move.
He scrambled away then.
Good luck, girl.

The summons came as he expected, though earlier than anticipated. Normally the Council would not call a meeting this early in the morning. Whitmere blinked slowly. It didn’t matter. Better to get it out in the open now.
He stole through the empty hallway like another shadow. The lights were dim. Most of the doctors and nurses were out resting; the guards were searching the lower chambers for the alien.
He entered through the double doors and began the walk through the hall leading into the Council’s meeting chamber. He expected to be scolded. He didn’t think they would give him much room to speak. They certainly would not entertain any notions continuing Barton’s allowance.
Whitmere shrugged. It was going to end anyway.
Time to face the music, he thought, walking into the dark chamber.
Grumbling hushed with his arrival. The room was circular with rows of seats high above him in the wall. The Council sat staring at him—old faces, stern and disciplined. The oldest and wisest. The ones who’ll decide his fate.
“Greeting, Council.” Whitmere began with a nod to them. Some responded in the same fashion. Others voiced their disappointment for being there.
“Doctor Whitmere, it is in our inconvenience that we have called you here at this hour. But our growing concerns for this matter have forced us to make a drastic decision.” An older male spoke with disdain. He was obviously annoyed. 
	Others in the Council whispered their agreement. Whitmere stood quietly.
“It’s been reported to us that your project has failed, that some of your patients have come up missing, presumably in the hands of the doctor you have created and is now out of your control. Is this correct?” a council member asked.
Whitmere thought of Jean right away. She had informed them. No matter, he thought.
Whitmere nodded carefully. “In part. I do not think things are as far out of reach as you have been told.”
“The alien is missing! How much farther out of control does it need to be?” shouted a member.
“What about your patients? Are they missing as well?”
Whitmere grunted. “Some patients were under his care. They will be found and examined. They are of no concern to us. They are already initiated and in phase one.”
“You should have given us council at the first indication of trouble, Whitmere.” another added.
The Council members began talking over one another, shouting their displeasures at Whitmere.
“This Council has decided. We are going to do what we should have done long ago. This project will affect our entire race and must be dealt with extreme concentration and no error. We are structuring change from this point forward. First of, Barton shall be found and terminated. We will decide later on whether or not you will continue to head up the research for this project.”
Whitmere grimaced. “There is no other that has experience. Putting another in charge would deviate our course. Barton will be found and removed from this matter. But I cannot see this continuing further under someone else’s direction.”
“You may not be continuing anything, doctor. Don’t forget your place.”
Whitmere kept his anger just at the tip of his tongue. His eyes burned like fire as he challenged each of them momentarily.
“We understand that this has been your project since the beginning, Doctor Whitmere. However, we will entertain all considerations at this point.” another stated.
“You will return to us when Barton is found.” someone else added.
The Council went quiet. Whitmere was being dismissed. He felt his face get hot. Barton had cost him. Barton had embarrassed him. Barton would pay dearly.
“I will return shortly then,” he said and then left.
Whitmere turned and walked out. The only thought running through his head was killing Barton.



Chapter 22



It was dark and sweltering where Steve Barton exited the ventilation system. He had crawled for as long as he could, making sure he was well away from the room where the guards would be looking before he kicked out an air duct opening and dropped down into a room. The air was thick and musty. The room was black with a steady thrumming from somewhere. Then he realized it was everywhere. In the darkness, he saw nothing.
Barton fumbled his way past tall pillars until he reached a wall. The wall ran for a great length before it reached a corner; Barton turned with it. Within a few minutes he reached a door and a light sensor. Waving his hand before it activated the lights to come on. Rows of lights slowly lightened against the ceiling. Barton’s curiousness kept him from dimming the lights and exiting the room. 
Before the lights could fully brighten the room, he was walking towards its center. Tall towers were everywhere, draped with thick chords, winding and overlapping. As the lights brightened, he saw the pillars clearly. He stopped walking, staring in awe.
Massive cylinder tubes ran to the ceiling, several feet in circumference, filled with a strange liquid. Barton pressed against the glass of one, peering into it, trying to discover what lay hidden within. The liquid offered little—it was dark and thick. Yet something moved within. For him, it was like looking into a microscope at some pond water, watching the tiny creatures within.
The more he focused on one area, the more he saw. Tiny, microscopic movements, squirming inside, moving quickly, worm-like, but unlike any worm he had ever seen. He was fascinated.
The room was vast, stretching for a hundred of yards. It was something important, he thought. The size of the tubes and the sheer thickness of the glass encasing the liquids made him think a leak of any sort would be dangerous.
Placing his palms against the tube, he could feel the vibration, the movement of the liquid inside, and the noise produced from it. The liquid was not being kept in the tube, he realized, but rather vesseled within. Staring up, he noticed that some of the tubes ran together, connecting, before disappearing into the ceiling.
Barton didn’t understand it.
He decided to trace one of the tubes, heading towards the center of the room.
Then he heard something. He hid behind a cylinder. The noise came and went in no particular rhythm or pattern. A tink here, a clank there, moments of silence in between. Then he realized it was metal objects moving against each other. Tools, he thought at once.
Someone was in the room.
He remained still for several minutes before he heard the small clinks of someone working. He risked a quick look past his protective post. He was right. Further away there was a man with some tools doing something to a metal box that housed a string of wires. He was working close to the door. Barton could not escape unnoticed. He pressed his body close to the tube again, allowing enough room to be able to watch the man. Better to know exactly where he is at all times, Barton thought.
For several long minutes Barton stood quietly, motionless against the towering cylinder, waiting, and watching the mechanic toil and tinker with a small electrical device, hearing the constant sound of the solvent moving through the tubes around him.
Then the man moved out of sight. Barton panicked. He moved to the other side and stole a glance but saw nothing of the mechanic. It could be that he left the room, but Barton thought against it.
He heard something move then, closer. He turned instantly. The man had just walked past a set of holding tubes when he spotted Barton. For a second, neither moved. The mechanic had a hand full of small tool-like objects and a face full of wonder. Barton had clearly caught him by surprise.
Barton turned full towards the shorter, narrow being, bald like the others, his face etched in annoyance. He would kill the alien before he could warn the others. Barton prepared himself.
Instead, the other nodded in a greeting fashion and continued about his business. Barton was stunned.
“Sorry, doctor. I thought I was alone.” the mechanic called out. His shoulder and head twitched every few seconds, stemming from a giant lump on his neck.
“Me too.” Barton calmed. “You’re working alone?”
“Always do.” The mechanic sighed audibly. 
“Sometimes that’s for the best.” Barton casually walked over to him.
“Maybe for you,” he replied to himself. He looked at Barton watching him closely and his annoyance escalated. “What exactly are you doing in here anyway?”
“I was just checking things over,” Barton smiled slightly. He needed to leave.
“You people have no idea what happens down here anymore.”
The mechanic finished his toilings, set his tools into a pouch, stood and turned to face Barton. He was mad. Doctors and those in higher ranks had little to do with the happenings of the ship. They never give him the due respect. Why should he give them theirs?
The mechanic continued with bitterness. “I know who you are. I know what you’re doing here. And I don’t care for it.”
Barton paused. The look the other gave him was nothing friendly. Barton took a deep breath and stepped closer.
“You know who I am?”
The mechanic spit. “I don’t care who you are anymore. You walk on my toes, I’ll walk on yours. You’re no more important than I am, than us, who are stuck down here doing the dirty work. You people forget that we’re even here, until you need something. Even then, we get treated inferior. But without us, where would you be? We take our work seriously. And yet here you are, inspecting on your own, looking over me as if I didn’t have a clue. But I’m not as gimp as you think. I know more about this than any of you up there.”
Barton kept his intense gaze. “I didn’t mean to offend you. I was merely curious.”
“They’re fine,” the mechanic stated as Barton turned away. When Barton turned back, he continued. “The coil problem we had was fixed. By us. Not that anyone was concerned. Not like we matter.”
Barton nodded. No need to add gas to the flame. He placed his hand on a tube and felt the vibration. “What can you teach me about this? What can you show me?”
The mechanic stared at Barton for a second, before he realized Barton was serious. He chuckled then, rolling his eyes. His head twitched for a few seconds, painfully.
“You’re serious. You mean to tell me you don’t even know what you’re looking at? You don’t even know what is holding this wreck together?” The laughter was gone. “It was your inventions! Have you lost your mind or something? Has it really been that long since your hands were dirty? Must be nice up there. Nice enough to forget what’s keeping us alive.”
Barton felt his body get hot. He held his temper. “I’ve been busy with other things. Maybe you can enlighten me?”
“Go back to doing what you can, doctor. We don’t need you down here.”
The mechanic wouldn’t budge. His bitterness went deep.
Barton watched the mechanic shake his head and thought for a second that he would twist his scrawny neck around until it came off. “Maybe I can help you in return? I could work on your neck, perhaps?” 
Barton stepped forward. The mechanic turned to the side, ashamed of his problem. His attitude was calmer when he turned back to Barton.
“What do you want to know?”
“Tell me everything. Anything. I want to know what you know.”
“Why?” the mechanic was now concerned for his job.
“I want to be able to help you by making things easier.” Barton smiled.
The mechanic took a few seconds to think it over. He sighed, then gave in.
“The solution was created to be a protective barrier around the ship. You all developed the machines inside to fill in any breaks, or uphold the cracks or prevent collapse. It is quite remarkable, really.”
Barton stopped within reach. The other’s eyes were wide with concern. “What machines?”
“They make up the liquid cerebrum. I don’t know what you call them…tiny machines, programmed for specific duties.”
Barton understood. He had seen enough of them. “What do you do with them?”
“You really don’t know?” The mechanic thought it wise to keep his tongue. Give him his answers and get him out of there. A scientist with no brain, he thought.
“The ship has an exoskeleton. In order to hold up the pressure against it, your machines were introduced into it. It’s alive now.” 
He made motions with his hands, one covering the other. “It’s jelled into one form which expands and contracts from the pressure to always hold. Without it, we would surely die. The ship would be crushed from the cold weight. My job is to ensure that the temperature remains stable. In a hot environment, the machines become dormant. They don’t work.”
He looked curiously at Barton. “That part you knew, right?”
Barton nodded. “I’ve never seen this before. Not firsthand, anyway.”
Silence followed. Barton stared into the solution, thinking dark thoughts.
He turned suddenly to the mechanic, as if he remembered the other was present. “How are you maintaining their temperature?”
The mechanic pointed to the base of the tubes. A coiled wire ran from a black box into the tube. “Heating coils. Controlled. Checked hourly, by me. They won’t fail.”
“And if the temperature changes dramatically, then they die and the system faults.”
The mechanic shrugged. “That’s a friendly way of saying we’ll all be crushed to death.”
“And where do you control this coil?” Barton turned back to stare at the mechanic.
“The main control unit. Down the hall.”
Barton smiled. He had an idea. “Thanks for your help.”
The mechanic leaned in, pushing the bulge on his neck outward, indicating to Barton that he needed to be paid for the information. Barton smiled and stepped closer to him.
The mechanic saw into Barton’s eyes and realized he had made a grave error in judgment. “Who are…?” He frantically reached for his tool, but Barton was quicker. There was no struggle.
With the mechanic dead, Barton began to remove his uniform.



Chapter 23



Darryl opened his eyes. His sight was blurry and the lights shining overhead did little to ease his throbbing head or clear his sight. He was in bed, tired, sore and weak. It was a different room, he noticed. There were more machines, more monitors and devices mounted against the wall than in his previous room. The hard bed felt the same though. He couldn’t get comfortable.
He rubbed the sleep from his eyes until his vision cleared. He yawned deeply. Though awake, he found himself struggling to remain so. He turned slightly towards the door and stopped almost instantly. A sharp pain in his side sent him back. He grimaced, groaning deeply.
He closed his eyes against the pain. It was in his chest and throughout his lower extremities. He grimaced and slowly opened his eyes. “What’s wrong with me?”
Doctor Whitmere appeared at the foot of the bed. His face was nearly expressionless.
“Doctor?” Darryl looked up at the old man. “What happened?”
“Where is he?” Whitmere asked sternly.
“What are you talking about?”
With eyes like burning coals, Whitmere swept down and pressed his body against the bed, lowering his face close to Darryl’s. Gone were the friendly eyes. Missing was the care and gentleness that seemed so evident before. It was a side of Whitmere that Darryl didn’t believe could exist.
“Doctor Barton. Where did you see him? Where is he hiding?”
Confusion masked Darryl’s face, fear held his eyes. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I never saw him. It was Adelle I found.”
Darryl drifted, remembering what had taken place. His face fell in sadness.
Whitmere had no sympathy.
“The guards found you in the lower cells. Four others were found dead. Now you’re telling me that Barton had no part in this? Did you and her kill them?”
Darryl shrank. “They were already dead when I found them. Then Adelle walked out of the room…”
Whitmere straightened. His arms folded across his chest. His eyebrows slanted down over his beady, angry eyes, beads of sweat formed against his bald head. “I’m running blood samples on you now. I’ll be back for tissue samples in a few minutes. Then I’ll know if you had contact with him or not. But it won’t matter. When I come back I’m going to begin intraphasing. Don’t get out of the bed.”
“I’m sorry,” Darryl replied. “I just needed to find her.”
“It doesn’t matter anymore. Time for all of this has expired. I need to prove to the Council once and for all that I am handling this project. Barton will be found and dealt with regardless. He cannot hide forever. The focus now will be on you two.” Whitmere turned away. “I’ve got work to do.”
“Wait. Where is she?” Darryl’s eyes filled with worry. “What happened to her?”
Whitmere turned back towards him. He glared momentarily, then pointed beside Darryl. “She’s spent a lot of time with the enemy. He’s changed her like himself. But I’ll make her right. Even if it kills her.” 
Darryl turned quickly, surprised to see Adelle in a bed beside him. He turned back to ask Whitmere questions, but he was no longer in the room. His head spun back to the side, staring at the girl he was in love with.
Adelle rested on her back not moving. Sweat covered her face and neck, shining over the dirty patches. A machine hovered over her, with thin tubes dangling from it, needles attached and waiting.
Darryl’s heart broke. He had caused this, he knew. He was so focused on Barton, that his emotions got the best of him. He had never suspected it was Adelle walking out of the room. Looking at her now, he wasn’t sure he could ever forgive himself.
“Adelle?” he whispered.
Nothing. She remained motionless.
“Adelle?” his voice was laced in regret.
The results were the same. 
Darryl sighed. “I’m going to help you in any way I can. Forgive me.”
Darryl stared at her for a long while afterwards. He studied her face until it seemed that he even saw it when he blinked.
“Hold still.” A man’s voice spoke suddenly and Darryl jumped. He had no idea someone else was in the room.
A male nurse pressed a small injection gun against his left forearm and gave him a shot. It was painful, but quick.
“Here.” He said in a fashion to make no mistake that Darryl had no choice.
Darryl opened his hand as the nurse dropped two orange pills into his palm. The nurse walked out without anything further. He didn’t need to. Darryl understood.
He stared at the pills for a second and almost took them. But he remembered Adelle’s warning. As he stared at her now, he couldn’t do anything but obey her plea. He crushed the pills into a powder and blew them off into the air.
“Adelle?” he whispered again. “I love you. Forgive me.”
Still nothing.
Darryl sighed heavily. Things in the room began to look wobbly. Seconds later his vision began to spin so violently that he shut his eyes and waited for it to lessen. It didn’t. Within a few moments, he was asleep.

Doctor Whitmere walked back to his lab to compare the blood samples from Darryl and Adelle. Barton had gotten to her, he knew. The evidence was obvious. The girl was no longer phasing; she was nearly as they found her. He knew what it meant. He knew what it took for the girl to be changed. Barton had found the cure; Barton cured himself.
As he walked, others cleared away. 
Darryl’s results would be in now. Just from speaking to him though, Whitmere didn’t think that Barton had altered him. There was truth in Darryl’s voice—he hadn’t seen Barton.
Whitmere rounded a corner and headed for his lab a few doors down and could already see something was amiss. The door to his laboratory wasn’t shut closed. No one would enter without his permission, he thought. No one should.
Reaching the door, he stepped in and saw no one. Instead, he found his precious work scattered and spilled, shattered and shredded, across his tables and floor. Everything he had been working on was ruined. All of his notes were torn in pieces. His serums, his antidotes, all of them were pooled together in a dripping mess across the table onto the floor.
Whitmere slammed his fists into the table and screamed. “Barton!”
Whitmere screamed for several long seconds. His face was red. His eyes burned with malice. He couldn’t contain his anger.
“Find it and kill it!” he screamed into the hall. “I want that thing locked on a bed, waiting for what it’s got coming!”
Jean heard and rushed to him. She entered the room and saw the mess. Her mouth sagged open, her eyes opened wide.
“Whitmere?!”
The doctor wheeled, glaring at her. “Look at what he’s done! It’s gone! Everything is ruined!”
“What happened?” Jean was in shock. She was suddenly afraid of the other, of what she saw in his eyes.
“He destroyed everything! I want everyone in this ward to search for him, Jean. Everyone!”
Jean nodded. Whitmere stormed past her, screaming and venting down the hall.
He was nearly out of sight when Jean smiled. She was proud of her work.
“Should have done it a long time ago,” she said to herself. She casually walked away.

Darryl stirred slightly in his bed, deep asleep. His face was shifting with lines of worry and hurt.
He was back at the house again. He was searching for the voice crying, the woman he had hurt. She was there, somewhere in the darkness of the room, hidden like a shadow in the night.
He stopped in the middle of his bedroom. The bed was a mess of clothes and pillows and balled up blankets. She was there, he knew. He could feel her.
His anger was boiling. It was time to go.
He turned to leave, tossing aside a lamp from the dresser—one he had bought for her.
“Wait!” she cried. “Don’t go!”
He paused. Don’t look back. Keep walking. Get out. Leave.
“Please, Darryl!” she cried harder. “Tell me that you still love me! I know you do!”
He stiffened. The desperation in her voice hurt. Somewhere deep within, she was right. Some part of him still did belong with her.
But not enough. I have to leave.
Darryl hardened his heart and continued.
Something shattered against the wall next to him. Glass. Another lamp, perhaps. He didn’t care. She could break it all. 
As his tears began to form, his legs quickened. 
“Darryl!”
He ran faster through the house.
“Darryl!” she called with more urgency.
He looked back and saw no one. But she was getting closer, he knew.
“Darryl!”

Darryl’s eyes opened. For a second he thought he was still running through the house. Sweat beads lined his forehead. His breathing was hurried. It hurt deep within him. He hated the dream. He hated the feeling she gave him.
“Darryl?” the voice called out again.
Darryl heard it and thought it wasn’t real.
“Darryl? Can you hear me?”
The voice was familiar. He turned quickly to see Adelle staring at him.
“Adelle?”
“I wasn’t sure if you were sleeping or not. I’ve been calling you.” She groaned then, her face twisting with an uncomfortable expression. “Are you hurt?”
“No. I don’t think so.”
“What happened? I remember walking out into the hall to get to Barton and then something came at me…in a blur. Next thing I know I’m waking up in here. And I see you.”
“I’m sorry about that,” he whispered. “I thought you were Barton.”
Adelle turned painfully, staring into his dark eyes. She smiled as she could. “What are you talking about?”
It hurt Darryl to say the words. “The blur…it was me. I hit you.”
Before Adelle could register what he was saying, she saw his eyes widen in panic and he was speaking faster than he could pronounce his words.
“But I didn’t see you until it was too late. I was looking for you everywhere and I knew that Barton had you. I just wanted to make sure he couldn’t hurt you. I wanted to make sure you were safe.” Darryl paused, drifting. “Then I struck you down.”
“You hit me?” Adelle was quiet for a moment. 
“I’d trade you places if I could, I swear.” He felt uncomfortable saying it out loud, “Barton changed you. Whitmere told me so. You’re like him, now.”
“I know,” she said back quietly. “Darryl, I need to tell you something.”
“What?”
“I was with Barton. He told me what was happening here. We’re in danger, Darryl. I remember everything. We need to get out of here.”
Darryl didn’t fully understand her. “Once they catch Barton, we’ll be fine.”
“No, we won’t. They’ll kill him.” Adelle groaned; she hurt everywhere.
“I think when Whitmere comes back you can ask him—”
“Darryl, we can’t let him touch us! Don’t you remember?” Adelle almost cried. “Darryl, I have to tell you something and you’re not going to want to believe me, but you have to. I would never do anything to hurt you. I would never, and have never lied to you.”
Adelle gathered herself, watching his eyes to make sure he was ready. Darryl nodded for her to continue.
“What is it?”
“Darryl, what do you remember about us? About the crash? About them?”
Darryl was silent for a moment. When he spoke, his voice was less confident. “Well, I remember the car crash and being taken here. I remember our meeting in the hall…and everything since.”
Adelle frowned. “Darryl, everything that has been told to us is a lie. There was no car crash. Not in the way we were made to believe, anyway. It was a lie.”
“What? Why would they lie about that?” Darryl was unsure. “I remember it, Adelle. I can see it in my head.”
“Think harder, Darryl. Think to before the crash. Think about what we were doing.”
“We?”
“Think hard. I was with you, Darryl. I sat right next to you, as I always have.”
Darryl flashed back to the incident. He saw himself being taken out of the car. The passenger side door was already open.
“Adelle, what are you saying? I don’t remember you. How could you be there?”
“You’ve lost your memory of me, Darryl.” She began crying softly. “But it’s not because of the crash. They’ve done this to us. They’ve taken our identities. They don’t want us to remember each other. But I was there.”
Her teary eyes found his and neither looked away.
“Darryl, I’m your wife.”
“What?” Darryl almost laughed. “Where’s our rings?”
Adelle saw the disbelief in his eyes. “We took them off…because we were getting a divorce.”
“Adelle…” Darryl shook his head.
Adelle was scared. If Darryl could remember they were married, he might also remember that he was leaving her. It was a risk she was willing to take. He needed to know the truth.
“Adelle?”
“It’s true. Every word. June fifth, two-thousand five…our anniversary. I know everything about you, Darryl. Think back, think hard. The night they took us, we were fighting. Our worst fight ever.”
“I don’t know what to say.” Darryl looked away then. It was so unexpected. It was a lot to take in at once. “How did you remember this? Is this what they told you—”
“No, Darryl. I have my memories back. All of them. Doctor Barton helped me. He allowed me to see things the way they are. I am me again.”
“Doctor Barton is an alien.” Darryl hushed the words in fear. “You can’t trust him.”
Adelle’s head shook. “We are the aliens, Darryl. You, me, and Barton—abductees.”
She saw the look in his eyes then. She was losing his focus. He was beginning to discard everything she was saying.
“Darryl, listen to me. I’m not lying. They took us, captured us, and erased our memories. Barton went through the same thing. He’s human. He’s the only one we can trust, Darryl. The others will kill us. They’ll change us into…things. Living things, but we’ll be dead on the inside; we won’t be ourselves. I think Barton said they’re trying to make us like them. But that is what’s going to happen if we don’t get out of here. Losing your memory is just the beginning.”
Darryl couldn’t hide his uncertainty. “Barton told you this? How did he get your memory back? How did you trust him?”
“He didn’t give me a choice. Just like Whitmere won’t give us a choice.” 
They were quiet for a moment before Adelle added, “I love you, Darryl. I hope you can remember that you love me too. Before it’s too late.”
Darryl rolled onto his back, not facing her any more. He stared up into the lights. Everything was spinning—the truth, the lies, all infused into one big mess. He cried silently. How could any of this be real?
“Darryl, trust me. Don’t let them touch you. We need to find Barton and he can help you. If you trust me, then trust him.”
Adelle knew Darryl was in disbelief. She knew how he reacted to things he couldn’t handle—he gets quiet and rubs his face, mostly over his eyes. Both he was doing now. She had to convince him. She had to help trigger some memory; something only he would know was real.
“Your father’s name is John. Your mother’s name is Joan. She’s been bothering you for years now about giving her a grandchild. Your first car was a blue Chevette; a stick-shift. You hated it.”
“Please, stop.”
Adelle was sobbing. “Your middle name is Michael. Remember mine? Remember what you used to call me when I did something funny? Can you remember anything?”
Darryl cried with her. He wanted to give her the answers, but he didn’t have them.
“Adelle…I can’t. Are you sure you’re right?”
“Try! Try harder! What was our cat’s name? Kurt, but you called him Pumpkin because we found him on Halloween!” Adelle cried hard.
Darryl wiped his tears and closed his eyes. He wasn’t sure about anything.
The door burst open then and a wild-eyed Whitmere stormed over to them. He was furious. Adelle screamed. Darryl shrank in his bed.
“Things have changed. We’re going to play a little game of our own.”



Chapter 24



A door into the hallway opened slowly and a man stepped out. He shut the door quickly before two other mechanics caught sight of him and curiously walked over. The man watched them get closer, as he clenched the tool bag tight in one hand, a bloody wrench in the other.
“Who are you?” one asked.
“I was called down to check on the system’s flow.” Barton said, putting his used weapon behind him. “Let’s go take a look at the main unit. I may need some help with it.”
Barton motioned for them to lead, but they didn’t budge.
“No one said anything to us,” the other said. “There’s no problems.”
“Whose orders?” his partner asked.
Barton became irate. “Are you serious? “Do you want the Council to come down here personally? I don’t have time for questions. Let’s move.”
“Okay, okay.”
“Around the corner here,” they said and led the way.
Barton smiled, walking slightly behind, keeping their hurried pace.
They followed the hall for a short distance then turned right, heading down for a few moments before a set of large doors brought them to a halt. Barton could hear the steady thrum from behind the wall, could almost feel the powerful vibrations.
The two mechanics threw open the doors and entered right away. Barton followed without hesitation. The room was massive with almost every inch obstructed with tubes filled with the strange liquid. The mechanics weaved their way through the tangled mess of motors and wires leading to the main unit. The giant, square, smooth-black machine at its center was vastly encased with cylinder-shaped ducts leading in every direction. It was huge, thundering loudly in a rhythmic pattern.
The two mechanics walked over to the controls, checking out the gauges for the coils. They looked at each other, then questionably at Barton.
“I don’t see anything—”
Barton’s wrench struck him before he could finish. The other barely made out a surprised yelp before he too was falling lifeless.
Barton checked over the controls. Switches, buttons and levers were in small groups everywhere, with gauges of level readings that he didn’t understand. He didn’t know what any of them meant.
Frustrated, he began to trial and error. With a lever here and the push of a button there, the enormous box grinded and pulsed, groaned and heaved, in correspondence. He saw no difference in the temperature though. The readings on the gauges didn’t move.
He found a series of small knobs and began to turn them. They didn’t have the affect he desired. He looked around. There was an outlet into the unit. He pried open a panel, removing it. Inside stood a massive mess of wires and what he thought were turbine engines.
If he couldn’t find a way to increase the temperature, he may be able to damage the motors in a way that would shut them down. If he couldn’t get it his way, at least they wouldn’t get it theirs.
He went back around the machine. He pushed all the buttons he could, pulled all the levers, and turned all the knobs. It took him nearly half an hour before he found the right set to get the unit to respond louder. The more it worked, the hotter it would make the coils, Barton thought.
He stepped back, listening to the machine roar, wiping the sweat from his face across his new uniform. Readings were skyrocketing. 
The sound in the room was nearly deafening now, forcing Barton out. He stood in the hall, still trying to formulate a plan that would seal the doorway. But he saw no locking mechanism, nor anything that would block the way in. He didn’t have much time.
Beep... Beep... Beep...
The alarm sounded throughout the hallway, loud and commanding.
No!
They would be coming now. He rushed back in and tried to find the source of the alarm. Red lights flashed against the ceiling everywhere. It would be impossible to shut them off. The heating unit was escalating out of the perimeters set. He cursed at himself for not thinking it would be otherwise.
Quickly he began to pull and yank cords free. If anything, he would damage it so it could not be repaired. He rushed his work, feeling the panic set in. They would be there soon. He needed to escape. 
With all of their efforts planted down here, the control room above would be vulnerable. Maybe even unwatched. Now was the time.
He raced his way through the maze for the door. Just as he stepped out into the hall, a series of mechanics were rushing towards him. He counted 4…6...9 of them as they ran. Too many to fight, he thought grimly.
“Help!” Barton screamed. He staggered, using the wall to hold him upright, shielding his face as best he could. 
“What happened?!” one yelled in questioning. Others shared his voice.
“I just arrived!” Barton staggered backwards through the crowd. They were checking him for injuries before quickly running into the room.
Barton slipped past them. He was dead if he lingered. Once they saw the dead bodies in the room, there wouldn’t be much room to escape.
More of them showed up. Barton hunched over, pointing into the room, coughing and gagging as they swept past him. From in the room, he could hear panic, desperate cries as they realized that their shield was in jeopardy. Barton smiled. Once in the clear, he bolted away.
He was down the hall, rounding a corner when he collided with another group. All of them went down in a tangle of arms and limbs. Guards and others that were coming to the aid scrambled with Barton to rise. Barton was outnumbered, standing in the middle of them. He pointed to the room behind him and gave a weak story quickly.	 	But it didn’t work this time. One of them knew who he was. The game was over.
Barton went down fighting. He held his own for a few moments, but he was too overwhelmed. He was taken hard to the floor, smothered with knees and elbows. The last thing he heard was an alarm ringing and voices screaming in panic.
The hands around his neck began to squeeze tight. His vision went black.

The hallway was bright when Barton came to. He could feel arms around his own, holding him firm. He was being held upright, his feet dragging. As he came to, he began walking on his own, trying to brush off his captors to no prevail.
They nudged him hard in the ribs, keeping him from moving further. He was being taken to a higher authority, he had heard them mumble. He would be disposed of then.
His captors complained about the damage he had done to their ship and the great risk certain parts of it were now in. Workers were trying to do what they could to fix it, but a few wards were already being evacuated due to pressure failure. If they could not get the system back up and running correctly, then entire collapse would be certain.
Barton’s eyesight began to clear and his senses came back. He was alert, and ready for the chance to escape.
A tall female nurse walked their way and the four guards escorting Barton stopped to talk to her. Their words were hushed. Barton listened closely. He could only make out that whoever it was they were taking him to, was now waiting in a room down the hall. The nurse left, walking back in the direction she came. The guards began to move Barton forward once again.
Time for escape was thin and fleeing. He couldn’t slip past their grip, let alone leave the hall without being seen. Whatever stand he was going to make, it would have to happen in the room with whoever was in charge.
The guards reached a door, two of them staying in the hall, the other two pulled Barton inside the room. Barton’s heart beat quickly. He tried to calm himself, to prepare to fight to the death, but as he entered the room he only found one person waiting. He stopped walking and stared ahead into her eyes. He hadn’t expected it.
“Jean,” Barton gasped to himself. It was bittersweet.
“Thank you,” Jean said to the guards. “Wait by the door.”
The guards walked back as she stepped closer to Barton. Her eyes were hard. “This is goodbye, doctor.”
Barton was nervous. “Anyone but you, Jean.”
“Anyone but me and you’d already be dead,” she whispered. She stood inches from him. She eyed up the guards and found them just far enough out of earshot. “You are to be handed over to Whitmere, who’ll turn you into his greatest patient. You’ll be tortured, no doubt, for making him look like the imbecile that he is.”
Jean smiled. She saw the confusion in Barton’s eyes. She walked slowly around him, speaking quietly as she did so.
“That is if he had any of his precious serums left. Which he doesn’t. And if he has you, which seems unlikely.”
“Jean?”
“How can I hand you over to him?” She looked sad, distant. “I knew it was wrong the first time.”
“Jean, what are you doing?” 
Barton saw the look she gave him. She was a mother, looking over her wounded child.
“You were my first; my first patient; my first test of my capabilities. I cared for you like no other. I was told over and over not to get attached, but it was far too late for that. Once they decided to use you, to create you in ways that I could not, I had tried to prevent it. I wanted no part in it. Whitmere saw it. He had me removed, partially so he could run the program alone. So I was cast out. But I never left you.
“My job was to remove your memory, to create in you something new. But I couldn’t do it. You had life in your eyes; you always spoke with a passion…you were more than just a formula on a piece of paper. I couldn’t go through with it. But I did help them change in you things. I am regretful of that. But also grateful that I had given you such weak doses, so to keep your memories, your personality, there, yet just out of their reach. I’m not like they are. It’s so clear to me now, looking back.”
“You were there…” Barton trailed off, remembering Jean back when he was taken. In a flash the memory was gone.
Jean stopped next to him, turning to whisper into his ear. She could hear his breathing. She could smell his sweat. 
“Looking back, I have made wrong decisions. Decisions I regret with all that I am. I am not alone, either. There are others here that believe as I do: that what they are doing to your people is wrong. We want to make up for our mistakes, doctor. We want to be healed from our pains.”
“Jean, you can’t help me. They’ll kill you.” Barton turned to the door, making sure the guards had not heard him. “It’s too dangerous.”
“No. This is my decision. I was there when you were taken.” Jean’s eyes watered. “I will be there when you are released.”
Barton swallowed hard. His pulse quickened by what he saw in her eyes, by the determination in her voice.
“You were always good to me, Jean. I thank you.”
Jean smiled sadly. “I could have been better. But what I have lacked in the past, blinded by my ignorance and my love for my own people, I will make up for. I will help you get home. I give you my word.”
“Jean…”
“Sh. Nothing more needs be said.” Jean stepped aside and motioned for the guards to come and claim Barton.
Barton turned towards her. He noticed she held something behind her as they approached. As they laid hands on him, Jean’s hands withdrew a weapon and shot them both. A sizzling sound emitted like rain on hot coals as they dropped to the ground. Instantly the door flew open and the other two guards rushed in. Jean pointed to Barton and again shot down the guards before they reached him.
“Jean,” Barton gasped, “they’ll kill you for sure! This is treason!”
“It is done! This has to end now!” 
Jean handed the weapon to Barton then reached into her pocket and pulled out a folded up piece of paper. “Here. Follow this. It will lead you to the escape pods. There are instructions on how to program them. You won’t have much time.”
“Jean…” 
“It will take some time to get used to your air.” Jean nodded with a smile. “Once you surface, open the hatch and breathe slowly. You will be fine.”
“Surface?” Confusion filled Barton’s eyes. “Where are we?”
“Deepest hole in your ocean floor. Have been for years. Though now I suppose things will be different.”
Barton looked over the map. He didn’t have the words. He put it into his pocket and stared into her sad eyes. “Come with me.”
“No,” her head shook, “I would die in less than a month. We cannot breathe your air. I must stay here.”
“I can—” Barton began, but she cut him off quickly, seeing he wanted to help her.
“You can take the other two with you. The male and the female are held in a room together. Whitmere has plans on transporting his blood into hers. He has no serums left to do the work. I think he’s clutching at straws, but he’ll do it, even if it kills them both. Besides, he has no choice. The Council will hand his project over to someone else in a few days if he can’t succeed.”
“The woman is healed. She remembers.”
Jean nodded proudly. “I saw her.”
“Where are they?”
“Patient’s ward. Operation room.” Jean pointed to a bed on wheels. “Lay down. I’ll wrap you up and take you there. I won’t be questioned.”
Barton stared into her eyes. She was beautiful. He would’ve hugged her tight, but she yelled and pointed, and he obeyed.
She placed a sheet over his body, and pushed him out of the room.
It ends today, she thought. No matter what.



Chapter 25



Adelle watched the device lower towards her face. She kept thrashing; she would fight until the end. But Doctor Whitmere had the straps on her body so tight she could barely move at all. Even the strap across her forehead prevented her from turning to stare at Darryl.
She screamed again. It was loud and terrible. But it didn’t wake Darryl.
“Don’t bother doing that again,” Whitmere said just before his hand swiped across her mouth.
It stung Adelle and she cried so. Looking up through her tears, she saw it lowering still. It was a mask-shaped mechanism lowering from the towering machine above her. Wires, tubes, and needles hung off it like hair. It would smother her head, she knew. It would be the end.
“What did he do to you?” Whitmere asked again. He was preparing the machine to do its work, lacing tubes with a gel substance, pressing buttons, and moving hastily—angrily. “How did he change you back?”
Adelle said nothing. 
“Keep your silence. He’ll be here soon and I’ll make him talk.” Whitmere’s angry eyes stared into hers for a moment. “I’ll get my answers from him, even if it kills him.”
Adelle closed her eyes. She could make out the faint cry of an alarm. She could hear voices in the hall rushing past, warning others about a problem with something. She didn’t know what it was, but it was serious, and she was hoping that Barton was behind it.
Barton, where are you?
Whitmere’s questions had overwhelmed her for several long minutes. Darryl had passed out and shown no signs of recovering from whatever they did to him. She was alone. She was scared.
“Darryl! Darryl wake up!” she cried again.
“If you loved him, you’d wish him to not wake from this.” Whitmere growled. 
“Let us go!”
“Too late for that,” Whitmere said.
“Darryl! Darryl!”
The device lowered just inches above Adelle’s face and stopped. She continued to scream for Darryl.

Darryl dreamt. It was night, blackness washed everything. He ran out of the house to his car. She was chasing him, he knew without looking back. He could hear her sobbing just behind him.
He reached the car and entered quickly. She stood at the porch steps. Her voice was like glass shattering. He fumbled through his pockets for his keys. He didn’t look at her. He didn’t want to see her eyes, or the mess her face looked now.
With the key in the ignition, he started the car with a thundering roar. He would leave and never return.
He looked back to the house one last time. She wasn’t there. She was at his window. Her blond hair covered her face. Her crying drown out the car’s engine.
“Darryl!” she cried.
“I have to go! Let me go!”
“Darryl! Wait! Listen!”
“I can’t anymore! Can’t you see that? We’re over!” Darryl yelled, still not seeing her face.
“We can change! We can go back and be how we were. It’ll be better this time! Give us another chance!” 
She cried through her words, forcing herself to finish what she had to say. “You said you don’t love me anymore. But I don’t believe you. You want it all to be easy. But it’s not. It won’t be. You have to work at things if you want them. And I can. But only if you stay. Stay Darryl. Let’s work through this.”
She was partially right. And as much as it hurt to go, he knew he had to. Someone else could love her more. In time she would see it.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry about everything. I’m sorry I’ve failed you. But I have. And I don’t think anything will ever change. I need to leave…because I know you won’t.”
Darryl wiped the tears onto his shirt, looked away as he saw her blue eyes, and threw the car in reverse. As his right foot stomped on the gas pedal, a strong wind swept over the yard. Trees shook. The grass swirled. He looked skyward. Something black hovered overhead, blocking out the stars. Something massive. Something out of a nightmare.
She screamed.
Darryl turned, frightened by her panic. Her head tilted back and a light began to shine on her. Darryl became frightened too.
“Get in!”
He kept his eyes on the monstrous thing in the sky as the passenger door opened and she jumped in. 
“Go!” she cried. “My God, what is that?!”
Darryl slammed on the gas and backed out of the driveway onto the road. He kept his gaze up as he sped away, feeling her body press against his, feeling her shiver and cry, feeling her terror. She was talking to him, but he wasn’t listening. He saw the trees around them begin to sway and the dirt on the road begin to rise.
It was coming after them.
A light hit the road in front of them. She screamed. He swerved. The car raced through some loose gravel, spinning out of control. The light blinded him. He closed his eyes. The car slammed hard into something. His head struck the steering wheel, glass broke, and she screamed anew. 
The car wasn’t moving any more. Neither was he. He didn’t know if he could. It hurt to find out.
“Darryl! Darryl get up! Darryl wake up! Darryl!”
Her voice turned in to one long, terrified scream. Darryl slumped back from the wheel, looking over to her. But the door was open and she was gone. Hands were pulling at him then, dragging him out of the car. He heard voices. Many hurried voices.
“Darryl! Help me! Darryl! Darryl!”

Darryl opened his eyes. It was pitch black. He could still her voice, screaming his name like a prayer that would save her.
But he hadn’t.
It hurt.
He had not ventured that far into the dream before. He had not seen her eyes before. As he lay in the bed, the event played out before him again and again. The darkness and the swirling fogginess were gone. Things were clearly evident. It wasn’t the dream this time, it was his memory.
Her voice cried his name. He saw her eyes through the car window. Slowly her face began to materialize.
It was Adelle.
Darryl stopped breathing. He swallowed hard. He remembered her.
He could hear the low and steady buzzing of the machine. He could feel it wrapped around his face, and the tubes in his nostrils went deep. He couldn’t move.
He coughed and choked when he tried to call her name. He panicked then. He felt as if something was wrong, as if everything was terribly sinking out of reach and he too would be lost. It was too late.
No!
Darryl thrashed and squirmed in failed efforts to break free.
“I have a series of needles attached to your main arteries. Lay still. It will be over in a few hours.” Whitmere said, standing over Darryl, preparing his machine to run.
Doctor Whitmere would extract his serum from Darryl, withdrawing it out of his blood and tissue, to mesh and invade Adelle’s. It was a primitive method, but he had no other time to create his formulas and now, he had not the care to do otherwise. The humans were nothing to him. He was tired of the false pretense he had shown for them. They would be changed, or they would be dead.
They would be his, he corrected.
The door buzzed. Doctor Whitmere frowned, grunting something unpleasant beneath his breath, and walked to the door. Opening it, he saw eyes filled with concern.
“You need to come with me,” Jean said. She spoke loud, allowing her voice to be thrown over the series of alarms in the distance.
Whitmere looked both ways in the hall, finding no other guards to offer her assistance. “What is it? I’m busy.”
“You’re going to want to see this. They found Barton.”
With nothing further, Whitmere quickly motioned for her to lead the way.
They were down the hall, turning away, out of sight, when a door across the hall opened and Barton stepped out. He looked both ways, and then entered Whitmere’s room.
He saw the two beds, saw most of the patients underneath the extractors, and knew he had little time. The tubes were not yet pumping blood, the bodies were still, not squirming in pain, so he knew the operation had not yet began. If it had, there would be no helping them.
Nothing outside of killing them before it was complete, rather.
Barton rushed over to the controls on Darryl’s machine. Incompletely set, he saw. He began to deactivate the timing sequence, shutting the system down, aborting its program. Once it began, he turned and did the same to Adelle’s.
Darryl screamed under the mask, feeling a terrible pain throughout his body as the needles and tubes began to exit up through his throat and mouth, off his neck, and chest. As the device cleared and began to ascend up into the larger unit, his voice shattered the stillness. His screaming cry lasted until Barton rushed over to him, firmly placing a hand over his mouth.
“Sh!” Barton whispered. “We don’t have much time. Can you stand?”
Darryl didn’t move. It was Barton. It was the alien. 
Barton didn’t wait for a response; he rushed over to Adelle. Barton leaned over motionless form. “Adelle, we are leaving. Hang on to whatever faith you still have.”
She said nothing. 
Barton turned back to Darryl. “Did you hear me? We have to leave now!”
Darryl stared at Barton. He wished Adelle would wake up and tell him that it was okay. Everything he had been told about Barton scared him.
No. That’s just what they wanted you to believe. He’s human, like us. It was Adelle’s voice Darryl heard in his mind. It was comforting.
“I think her body’s slipped into shock. I don’t have time to help her now. She’ll be fine, with us.” Barton stated. “Are you okay?”
Barton shook Darryl slightly, wanting a response. The fears Darryl had about Barton were being pushed aside as he saw Adelle in the bed. She wasn’t moving.
Darryl swallowed hard. “What did you do to her?”
“There’s no time for that. We have to get out of here. Can you run?”
Barton rushed to the door and looked into the hall, then back to Darryl. Darryl was sitting upright, testing his strength.
Darryl spoke. “She said you changed her. Healed her. You helped her remember. She told me to trust you. Can you help me too?”
Barton stopped what he was doing and stared at Darryl in pity. He thought for a second, and then searched his pockets for his tools, withdrawing his injection gun and needle. He worked quickly, taking his own blood instead of Adelle’s, knowing that hers had been compromised.
“This blood, mine, will change you. But it will render you unconscious for a while as it works. Right now, I need you. I need you to be able to run, and fight if we have to. But I promise, after we’re out of here, I will help you.”
Darryl nodded. “But what about Adelle?”
“She’s already fighting. We can do without her for a few moments.”
Barton found a white lab coat used by doctors and threw it at Darryl. “You don’t have a choice. Soon this whole place is going to be crushed like a tin can.”
Barton rushed over to Adelle and threw a bed sheet over her, draping down onto the floor on both sides. He would hide under the bed as Darryl pushed it down the hall. The sham wouldn’t last long, but they only needed to get to the control center. Once they were out of the doctor’s ward, he would not be so easily recognized.
“Darryl, listen carefully,” Barton began, watching Darryl put on the coat. “Take us down the hall to the left, all the way, then to the right. If anyone stops you, you’re taking your patient to the incinerator. Tell them that it is contagious and they had better stand clear.”
Darryl’s head began to shake before Barton was finished. “I can’t do this. It’s not going to work. They won’t believe me.”
Barton grabbed Darryl by the shoulders and pressed his forehead against his. “Listen to me—make it work! We have once chance on getting out of here and back home! Do you understand what I’m telling you? If they catch us, we are dead!”
Darryl swallowed his fear as Barton crawled onto the framework under Adelle’s bed and disappear under the sheet. 
He stared at Adelle. Her chest rose and fell slowly. Her face still had the imprint of the device on it. Her beautiful face, he thought.
It hurt everywhere at once then, nearly bringing him helplessly to his knees. The thought of his wife knowing for so long who she was, who he was and where they were, all the while he knew nothing and couldn’t help her, was crippling. He went to her and kissed her forehead, holding her hands within his own.
“I love you, Adelle,” he whispered in her ear. “I won’t leave you.”
He saw his tears fall onto her cheeks and he wiped them off gently. Her skin was soft, warm. He would do as Barton asked. He would make it work.
“Let’s go!” growled Barton from beneath the bed.
Darryl gathered his composure and began to push the bed to the door. He entered the hall unnoticed and followed Barton’s directions. He saw no one. The sound of an alarm filled the silence. As he moved, he thought he felt a tremor.
Let’s go home.



Chapter 26



Jean could feel the heat radiating off of Whitmere as he moved quickly beside her through the hall. He was so caught up in the notion of finding Barton that he would forget his other patients, she knew. They would have time to escape. She would have the redemption she sought.
She stared at him for a moment, not moving her head, only her eyes, then turned facing forward again. If anything were to happen, she thought, she would kill him too.
“What is that alarm?” Whitmere asked, his voice filled with agitation.
Jean didn’t look at him. “The shield has been compromised. They are working on it.”
Whitmere’s agitation intensified. “What? Do you know the risk of—”
“Here.” Jean broke off his belittling question.
Whitmere rushed into the room as Jean held open the door. He saw the dead guards immediately and a sizzling corpse amidst a pile of debris. Whitmere covered his mouth and gasped, staring in shock. Jean walked in and stood next to him. Whitmere was in utter disbelief. Beads of sweat lined his glossy face.
“What happened?”
“He attacked us,” she said sadly. “I had no other choice.”
“I didn’t want him dead like this.” Whitmere spoke to himself. “Not like this.”
“He’s dead. This is what you wanted.”
“No, Jean. I wanted to kill him myself. After I had my answers. Now I have…”
Whitmere bent and studied the corpse. The face was nearly burnt clean of identity. As was the clothing, and the rest of the body. The blood that had leaked and pooled around the chest and throat lay sizzling, bubbling. Whitmere ran his fingers through it, watching it drip off them.
He turned to Jean, smiling, his eyes hiding something. “You did this, Jean?”
“I had no choice.” She shrugged; her heart racing; the game just beginning.
“Really?” His voice laced in doubt, his eyes filled with suspicion. “You’ve never drawn a weapon on anything ever before.”
Jean didn’t care for how long Whitmere studied the scene. She grew nervous.
“I should go inform the Council,” Jean said. “You need to come with me.” 
Whitmere rose. He stared into her eyes. They were filled with sadness, and something else, something he could not identify. “I will tell them when I tell them of the success of the last two patients. There’s no need to rush off just yet.”
Jean looked away from his penetrating gaze and nodded. Barton needed more time, she thought. She had gone too far now to fail him. She had to delay Whitmere.
“We should take his body to the incinerator.”
Whitmere’s smile was hard. “It must have been difficult for you to end his life.”
“I don’t see them the way you do.” Jean’s eyes were distant, voice frail. “They have a life, as we do. They could be companions to us. Friends, even.”
His smile fled. “How close were you, Jean? Were you close enough with him to be blinded by what was happening here? By what would eventually happen? By what he was and what you are? Did you forget whose side he was on?”
Jean stared him down hard. He would not see the truth in her eyes. He would not believe anything other than what she was telling him. Besides, there was no lie in that. They were friends.
“I was closer to him than I am to some of us. We were alike in a few ways.”
“We created him, Jean!” Whitmere could feel the knife in his back twisting. “He was not one of us!”
“There is an admiration for something that you create,” she began with an edge. “Your heart has gone cold. I think it is you that has forgotten a few things.”
“They are nothing to us, Jean.” Whitmere’s glare burned with fire. “They are a dying race of greed and lust. You’ve seen it for yourself. There’s no honor or love amongst them. I’ve read their minds, I’ve seen their thoughts. They kill each other, Jean. They deserve their fates. They’re nothing like us.”
His head cocked to the side and he smiled at her. “Maybe you have more in common with them than I realized.”
Jean felt her throat tighten. She looked away from him. He was dangerous. “Maybe.”
Whitmere laughed, cold and heartless. “They deserve death. Their planet will be ours soon. They can all die beneath our feet.”
Jean wanted away from him. “You’ll have to excuse me, doctor. I have things to take care of.”
As she turned, a voice boomed out of the speaker system, stern and desperate. “Sector seven—evacuate immediately! I repeat, sector seven please evacuate!”
“Oh, no.” Jean gasped. “It’s collapsed. It’s failing. We have to escape.”
“No! That idiot will kill us all!”
Whitmere grabbed Jean’s arm, pulling her away from the door. “Why don’t you come with me, Jean?”
“Let go of me!” She pulled free but it didn’t matter. Whitmere had his hand against her back and began leading her out of the room and down the hall. Others rushed past, worry plastered on their faces, their voices panicked as they fled.
“I may need your help. Someone else may need to die.”
Jean swallowed her fear and kept his quick pace. Her stomach began to swirl. 
As they approached the surgery room, Whitmere saw the doors were wide open and two guards stood just inside. He saw the panic in their eyes and knew something horrible had happened. 
In his head, Whitmere thought that somehow both Adelle and Darryl had died. But as he rushed into the room and saw one empty bed and the other missing, he knew something else had happened.
“No!”
Jean pulled away from him, her face flush with fear. 
“What happened?! Where are they?!” Whitmere pounded his fists against the empty bed. He was furious. 
The guards wiped their sweaty faces on their shirt sleeves. They had no answer.
“Find them!” he screamed to the guards. They left immediately. 
Whitmere loosened his shirt, wet in a few places due to sweat. He screamed in frustration and hatred, “I want him dead! Dead!”
Whitmere turned towards Jean. He saw it then. It was in her eyes. She couldn’t hide it. He swallowed his anger, feeling his fingers shaking with fury. He could almost feel the warmth of her neck placed between his hands as he crushed it.
“You’ve crossed the line this time, Jean.” Whitmere snarled like an animal. “You’ve always thought that you were smarter than me. Better than me. You want the job I have. You’re jealous and pathetic. And worst of all—a traitor.”
Jean unconvincingly shook her head. She couldn’t bring forth any words to help her.
He walked slowly over to her. His eyes twinkled like burning embers. “When you said you killed him, I couldn’t believe you. But when I saw the blood, I didn’t have to. Theirs doesn’t singe and smoke like ours, Jean. But how would you know that? You’ve never killed one of them. Seems that you only kill your own kind.”
“You’ve lost your mind!” Jean stepped away, rushing for the door.
Whitmere was quicker. He blocked her exit, her escape, pinning her to the wall, pressing his body hard against hers. She struggled in vain for a few moments.
“What did you do, Jean?” Whitmere growled softly in her ear. “You killed your own kind for the sake of them. Them, Jean. Them!”
Whitmere spoke the words as though he hated and loathed them so much that the mere pronunciation of the word was too much to bear. As he continued, his voice grew stern, with more of a violent tone.
“We’re scientists! We were supposed to find a way to help our people, OUR PEOPLE, survive on their planet! What went wrong, doctor? What happened to you? Where’s your loyalty? Tell me where he is and I’ll make sure you get a quick execution.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. Maybe if you were smarter—”
Whitmere gave her a blow to the stomach. He lifted her chin up as she doubled over in pain, gasping for air.
“Oh Jean. You are such a disappointment.” Whitmere placed one hand around her neck and slowly squeezed.
Jean’s eyes watered. She found enough strength to smile. “He’s going home.”
“No, Jean. He’s already home. This is where he was made; this is where he will die. I will make certain of it.”
Whitmere grabbed Jean by the wrist and pulled her out of the room with him.
“Where are you taking me?” Jean screamed and cried. 
“We’re going where you told him to go,” Whitmere cursed back.

Two double doors stood before Darryl. They wouldn’t open. “Something’s wrong! They’re not moving!”
Barton crawled out of his hiding place to see what the problem was. “Push!”
The siren ringing at the end of the corridor was loud and uncomfortable. Barton and Darryl fought through it, working together, doing everything they could think of to get the doors to open, but nothing worked. Panic set in for them.
“Can we turn around and go someplace else?” Darryl asked. His fingers were twitching nervously. He stared at Adelle in bed, still motionless.
“This is the only way out of this place! We need to open them!” Barton screamed, thrusting his shoulder into the doors, only to bounce off of them. He looked at the map Jean had given him and shook his head in despair. “I don’t understand it.”
“Why would they be locked?” asked Darryl. His eyes were wide, his face sweaty.
“I don’t know! I trust Jean. She wouldn’t set us up. Look for a release. There must be a way!” Barton threw his fists against the doors. He realized then what was happening. His face fell in worry. “The shield! It’s been breached! They are shutting down sectors to prevent a total collapse! We’re trapped!”
“What? No!” Darryl cried. He didn’t know which way to turn. There were no other doors, no other way to exit. He looked into Barton’s eyes, finding the same fear.
“Back! There has to be a way out of here! Move!” 
Barton barked orders, not bothering to hide any more, taking the lead as Darryl pushed the bed beside him. The game was up and they needed to escape at any cost. They raced through the hall back to the corner. As they turned, the hallway before them stood empty. Save for one figure.
“Jean?” Barton whispered.
Jean stood alone. “Doctor Barton.”
Barton slowed Darryl, approaching her with caution, whispering to her with uncertainty.
“Jean? The doors are locked.” Barton was confused. “Is there another way? Can you lead us out?”
“Escape cannot be found here,” she said. She held his gaze, hoping he would see. 
As Barton and Darryl came within a few feet of her, Barton sensed something was wrong. He saw Jean’s tears running down her cheeks.
“Run.” She whispered so softly that Barton missed it.
“What?” Darryl asked. He saw the fear in her eyes. “Something’s not right.”
“What is it, Jean? Tell me. Is it Whitmere? Does he know?” Barton pressed gently.
Barton stood within a few inches from her when he saw it in Jean’s eyes. They were teary, but said more than her words.
“I’m sorry,” she gasped painfully. Her head motioned to her right. “Go.”
“Run, Darryl. Get out of here!” Barton yelled.
But it was too late. From both sides of the hall guards appeared. And in their midst stood Doctor Whitmere, aiming a weapon at Jean. 
“No!” Darryl screamed. 
“Move and she dies!” Whitmere stated.
“Run!” Jean cried. “Save yourselves!”
Darryl turned and ran back, pushing Adelle in the bed. She began groaning, but still did not wake. Barton looked at Jean, and then followed.
“This is the end of the line, my friend!” Whitmere yelled as Barton and Darryl disappeared around the corner. “There’s no way out!”
Whitmere led his group slowly in pursuit. He held Jean against her will, weapon still drawn.
Barton and Darryl reached the doors and began ramming the bed and themselves into the doors in a desperate, frantic attempt to flee. The doors didn’t budge.
“Surrender or your friend here dies now.” Whitmere called out, watching from the corner. He motioned to his guards to attack.
Jean cried. “He’ll kill me anyway!”
Whitmere turned and slammed her head into the wall. She fell motionless to the floor. He turned back to Barton, watching the guards closing in quickly.
“Leave her alone!” Barton turned to Darryl. “Get behind me.”
Darryl did as he was told. They stood in front of the bed. Barton withdrew the weapon that Jean had given him. Without warning, he opened fire on the guards, a heated light spraying into their midst.
Darryl dove onto the bed, covering Adelle as the guards opened fire with similar weapons, blazing red heated rays that singed the walls and floor around him. He closed his eyes for a second, listening to Barton scream his vengeance, hearing screams from the guards as they were either shot or they simply released their own hate-filled voices. The seconds were violent packed. 
Then Barton screamed.
As Darryl opened his eyes, he saw a blur of bodies yanking him off the bed, falling on him. He landed on the floor with a tangle of arms and legs with Barton on top of him. As Darryl’s head smacked against the floor, he saw the bed being pulled away. They were taking Adelle. Arms and hands grappled around him everywhere. Barton struggled to fight them, lying on top of Darryl awkwardly. Everyone was yelling. It was chaotic.
“Get up!” Whitmere yelled. “Or she dies!”
Barton could see Whitmere beneath a guard’s arm as he was pressed tight by two others. Whitmere held Jean by the neck, pressing a weapon against her head. Guards stood over Adelle, weapons drawn.
“It’s over.” Whitmere said. “Put your weapon down.”
Barton hated doing it, but he tossed his weapon. Bodies cleared off of one another then. Guards stood with weapons ready, pointing at Barton and Darryl as they sluggishly rose from the floor in a broken despair.
Darryl screamed for them to let Adelle go. But Whitmere ordered his men to take her away. It all happened in slow motion to Darryl, and yet so fast. 
“It’s not over,” Barton gasped. “You’re not dead yet.”
Whitmere walked closer to them, dragging Jean along. “After I kill Jean, there will be no one left to help you. What will you do then, friend? I’ll tell you. You’ll do everything I say. And you won’t remember any of it.”
Barton spit blood. “Let them go. I’m the only one you want.”
Whitmere smiled, watching Darryl begin to cry. “Sorry, old friend. This time you’re nothing special.”
“You’re a monster!” Darryl cursed.
“To the surgery room!” Whitmere shoved Jean along in front of him, keeping his weapon against her. It felt good to dispose of all his enemies in one fell swoop.
It was time to let them all see what happens when they disobey me. I’ve got something to show them. Even the Council will shiver at my name.



Chapter 27



Adelle opened her eyes wide. She felt sick. It took her a few seconds to gather her thoughts, to realize where she was. The last thing she remembered was Whitmere giving her a shot of something. His smile was cruel; his heart was even more-so, she had discovered. She hated him.
It occurred to her then that someone was talking. Her drowsiness cleared and she began to decipher the words. 
“Darryl? Is that you?” Adelle raised her head slightly off of the bed to see.
A few feet away, Darryl did the same. Through his worry-filled face, bore a smile. Talking to her had paid off; she was awake.
“Thank God, Adelle. I thought you were dead. I just kept talking to you, telling you I love you, telling you that we’ll—”
“What did you say?” she interrupted. “Darryl? Do you…?”
“Adelle,” he sobbed, “I remember you!”
Adelle wept deep and loud, talking through it, feeling her heart break in a different way. “Darryl! I didn’t think you would ever…remember me. I kept praying and praying…so hard…and you didn’t know me…and I knew you wouldn’t love me…”
“Adelle, I’m here. I do love you. I know that I do. I know that I did, too.”
“And I was going…to have him…take away my memory…so I wouldn’t remember that…I loved you and you…didn’t love me anymore.”
Adelle cried hard, her voice lost in tears and sobbing.
Darryl stuck his arm over the side of the bed, trying, hoping to reach hers. “Adelle, take my hand. Let me touch you.”
Adelle reached, stretching with everything she had. Their fingers touched and locked together.
“I’ve had this dream, this same dream over and over, where I was in a house, my house, and I was looking for someone crying, crying so painfully, and I knew I had caused it. But I could never see her. And now I know that it was you. Adelle I don’t know what had happened to us, but I am so sorry for making you feel like that. I’m so sorry that all of this has happened to us. If I would have just…”
“Darryl, this is not your fault. I’m just so relieved that you can remember me.”
They worked on pulling themselves out from their saddened states. Darryl sniffled; Adelle took deep, long breaths.
“I don’t know why, or what was happening between us, Adelle, but I know that I love you right now and I don’t want to lose you. Not like this. Not here. Not ever.” Darryl stated. He looked into her eyes and smiled. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever met. “I love you.”
“I’ve loved you from the day I met you,” she said back.
“We have to get out of here,” he said.
“Darryl, we’re not alone,” she answered. 
He followed her gaze, over his head and behind him. Two figures walked past; one went to her, the other stayed with him. Nurses, he saw. They began to configure the machine once again, punching in programs and pressing buttons. The machines hovering over them began to turn on.
“It’s happening again,” Adelle cried softly. She begged the nurses to let them go. No one listened.
Darryl joined in, begging for mercy, begging for them to at least let him kiss her goodbye. But the nurses kept working, silently, stone faced. The machines began to work then, slowly lowering the face mask down.
“No!” Adelle and Darryl cried in unison.
In desperate, panicked voices, they cried and poured out their love to one another. Adelle felt his warm fingers twitch against her own, grasping them tighter. She was losing him again.
She could feel a slight vacuum from the mask as it inched closer towards her face. She wished that she could just die and be free of it all. “Just kill me now! Just do it! I don’t care anymore!”
Darryl’s heart broke, listening to Adelle cry. He couldn’t see her face anymore. He could only hear her. It was just like his dream.
“I’m here with you, Adelle! I won’t let you go!”
A voice came over the speaker again, blasting with urgency. “Any one in sector eight, you need to evacuate immediately! Sector eight will be closing down, please move to the upper levels!”
The two nurses began speaking then, and one left the room in panic. The one remaining bent down close, in between Darryl and Adelle. Her face was nearly expressionless.
“What’s going on out there?” asked Darryl.
The nurse seemed unaffected. “Sealing off this side; all the wards.” Her brown eyes were dismal; her skin was tan like the others, her head covered in dark hair cropped short.
“In a moment, you’ll feel a pinching sensation in your nasal cavity. Needles will begin to extract her blood and the transfer will begin. It will be painful, but won’t take long.” She looked at Darryl. “I don’t understand what it is that you feel for her. But I wish I knew. I am envious.”
Darryl and Adelle gasped in shock. Darryl asked, “Who are you?”
“I’m going to reverse what Whitmere had planned. Her blood will mix with your own.”
“You’re not with Whitmere.” Adelle stated in shock.
“I take my orders from Jean alone.” She smiled to Adelle. “My understanding is that you are going home.”
The nurse walked for the door.
“Where are you going?” yelled Darryl.
She turned back to him. Her eyes were hard. “There’s one more thing we have to do.”
The nurse left the room. Darryl squeezed Adelle’s fingers.
“Do you believe in miracles, Darryl?” Adelle asked softly. “I do.”
“Yes. I do now.”
The black masks enveloped them then. Darryl heard nothing of Adelle’s voice as she cried. The pain came instantly, like the nurse had said. Before he blacked out, he wondered if she had told them the truth.

Whitmere held Jean and Barton in a room down the hall from his last two patients. He had ordered his staff to continue where he had left off with the transfusion in Darryl and Adelle. He would tend to them after his torturing of his enemies expired. Which would take a long time, he figured. Nonetheless, when he was done here, the other two would be in progression and he would deal with them then.
He finished tying the straps onto Barton’s hands to the bed. Jean was strapped to a tall machine by long chain-like fiber strands. Her arms were stretched wide at her sides with a series of small tubes running into her veins. She stood facing Barton.
“Why don’t you let her go? Do it, and I’ll give you what you want.” Barton spit. He tugged at his restraints, trying to find a weakness, but there was none. 
“You’re going to do that anyway.” Whitmere poured some colored liquid from vase-like containers into the machine near Jean. He was careful not to let any spill.
“My father served on the Council for longer than I care to remember,” Whitmere began, working as he spoke. “I was pushed into being where I am by my relentless efforts not to fail him. He was, hard to please.”
“Let her go,” Barton interrupted.
“But I never could please him. When we realized that your planet was suitable for habitation, the job was given to me to find a way to make it work. And it wouldn’t.”
Whitmere’s eyes were cold, bitter. He put a solution into an injection gun and stood by Barton.
“You see, when we landed here, our first attempts to blend in were in vain. Our race’s respiratory system cannot handle your air. This was not known right away, of course. Scouts died only after a few weeks on walking on the surface.
“The Council demanded actions. They demanded that a plan involving a change of our bodies to match that of yours. We could do it. We can mimic nearly anything. But first there had to be studies, there had to be changes. So we began using your people. We had to study you. We had to work to find a common thread; one that we could use to enable duplicity.”
“So you used us as guinea pigs fist, to see how we would survive if we were more like you?” Barton guessed.
“More or less.” 
“If humans could survive with our DNA structure, then we would adapt ourselves to—” Jean began. Whitmere turned on the machine she was attached to, filling her with pain, immobilizing her.
“Thank you, Jean. But I’ll take over from here.” Whitmere smiled. He raised the power to the machine, watching the levels of his solution drain into her system. He delighted in her screams.
“Leave her alone!” Barton yelled.
“She deserves no less!” Whitmere screamed back. His eyes were alive with hate. “It all began with you! When we took you and she discovered that you were a doctor with intelligence for what we were doing, she went to the Council and made sure that you were not made another patient. You were made to work with us.”
“He was smarter than you!” Jean screamed through the pain. Her eyes were faint, her veins protruding everywhere. “You hated him because without him you would never, ever have had any success! You needed him to make your ideas work! You were better suited checking the ship for leaks!”
“Enough!”
Whitmere turned the power on higher, sending volts surging throughout her body. She screamed, long and terrible.
“Stop it! I’ll tell you what you want to know!” screamed Barton.
“How did you change back?!” Whitmere screamed. “Show me!”
“Let her go!”
“Tell me!”
Jean’s screaming rose anew. Barton couldn’t look at her. “My blood! It’s in my blood!”
“No!” Jean cried.
“A traitor’s death!” Whitmere responded with vengeance.
Whitmere threw the lever, pushing the machine into maximum drive, sending the killing solution into her more rapidly than Jean’s body could sustain. Her screams drown out everything in the room as sections of her internal organs burst.
“No! Jean!” Barton yelled pointlessly.
He screamed helplessly, watching her body twist and churn in agonizing pain as blood began to seep out everywhere it could. Within seconds, her body fell limp, her eyes rolled back into bleeding sockets, and her voice whimpered dyingly silent.
“I’ll kill you for this,” cursed Barton.
Whitmere turned towards him. His smile was cold and vicious. “Not this time, my friend. When the Council hears that I killed you, only seconds after you killed Jean, they’ll be sad, but relieved. I’ll be granted what I need, what I wish. And just like the family you left behind, you’ll be gone from our memories quickly.”
Barton screamed, thrashing violently against his straps, rocking the bed across the floor. He wasn’t going to die there. Memories of his kids and wife flashed within his mind. It hurt, they hurt, and it drove him beyond his physical limitations. He wasn’t even aware of his actions as his mind went into a place of its own, a place of self-preservation, acting on adrenaline alone, giving him more strength than he could ordinarily muster. 
He never felt the deep tremor rumble through the floor and walls, nor the sound of explosion somewhere close. He never heard the door open, nor saw the two nurses rush in; their screams went unnoticed. He barely heard the bands snap at his forearms and chest. He was only slightly aware of the panicked scream Whitmere unleashed.
He held an image of his wife crying sadly, dressed black, hair unkempt, mascara smeared and running with tears, as he sat upright ripping free the last of his restraints.
“Get him!” Whitmere yelled to the nurses, backing away. He looked desperately for a weapon.
He saw a weapon then. It was pointed at him.
“You killed Jean. Get in the bed!” the nurse with the weapon said.
“What? We have to get out of here! The whole section is collapsing!”
Barton threw himself out of the bed and cornered Whitmere. There was a fire burning inside him. He would rip the doctor to shreds.
“Shoot him!” Whitmere yelled to the nurses.
“Get in the bed!” the nurse demanded. 
“You’re taking his side, over mine! Over your own!”
“Do what she said!” Barton shouted. His hands were trembling. He would grab the other by his scrawny neck and choke him down onto the bed. It would feel good.
Whitmere held the injection gun tight. “You’ll pay for this.”
The nurses motioned towards the bed again. This time Whitmere calmed, nodding slowly, giving in. He took a step forward. Barton kept himself between the door and Whitmere.
The entire room shook again, bringing the group off balance. Voices yelled through the hall to evacuate, that the protective layer had failed and parts of the ship were collapsing.
“You took my life. Now I’m going to take yours.” Barton said. “In the bed.”
Whitmere thought otherwise. He turned quickly, jabbing the nurse in the neck with his injection device, sending the poison fluid into her blood. She screamed and fell instantly. Whitmere dove for her weapon.
Barton was quicker.
Barton slammed his body down on top of Whitmere as he slithered his arms around, searching for the weapon. The other nurse rushed in to tend to her friend as the men struggled.
Barton slammed his fists into Whitmere’s head. “You took my dreams! My memories! My family! You killed me!”
Whitmere squirmed beneath him. Then the nurse screamed, and the weapon fired. Barton jumped in response, looking to his side to see Whitmere’s hand on the weapon and the nurse struggling to gain control of it. Barton continued his assault.
Then he felt a sting of a needle against his side. Instantly he slumped backwards, sliding off of Whitmere. The doctor smiled, holding the injection gun.
“You’re one of us, again!”
The nurse ripped her weapon from his hand and shot at Whitmere, burning a hole into his left shoulder. She stood quickly, standing over him, weapon drawn.
“You’re one of us!” Whitmere laughed deliriously.
“No!” Barton cried.
Barton looked at the injection gun in fear. His breathing stopped. He couldn’t go through it again. He couldn’t be one of them. His mind filled with panic.
And then he saw it. The gun was empty of a serum tube. Nothing had entered his system. Whitmere had failed.
“Look again, friend.”
Whitmere saw then what Barton noticed. He squirmed and struggled to escape as Barton grabbed him and slammed him onto the bed, tying him down hard.
Whitmere bled black through his shirt and lab coat, smearing it everywhere. He pleaded for his life, watching Barton take something out of his pocket and set it into the injection gun.
“Let me go, and I’ll get you out of here! I’ll make certain that you get home!”
“Somehow I don’t believe you,” Barton laughed. His idea in motion.
“Don’t!” Whitmere cried as Barton placed the gun against his neck.
“You want to know what it’s like to be human? Now you can find out. Now you’re one of us.”
Barton fired his blood into Whitmere. The other screamed and cried, thrashing his body as a fish out of water, as the nanomachines went to work in him.
“We have to go!” the nurse cried in panic. She tugged on Barton’s arm. “We don’t have time! Let’s go!”
Barton smiled, watching his mentor, his captor for so long, squirm in pain. The room rumbled again, the roar followed. Barton fell to his knees.
“Take my hand!” the nurse yelled to him.
Barton gave in to her and she helped him up. They moved for the door, looking back once to make certain that Whitmere was not able to escape. She opened the door, walking him out, locking it shut behind. He could hear Whitmere screaming, but didn’t care anymore. Death would find the doctor, he thought. 
“Jada,” he groaned. “Jada. I’m coming.”
The nurse led him quickly down the hall. Vibrations were felt with every step. Parts of the walls were eroding around them. The hall was vacant; the ward abandoned. She had to help him, them, she corrected, reach the transport area. It was what Jean had wanted. Jean, her longtime friend and advisor. She would make her proud.
“Hurry!” she shouted to Barton, pulling him along.
Barton nodded, seeing the fire in the other’s eyes. It was now or never. And for the first time in a decade, Barton prayed silently in his head. The hatred he had for God diminished, replaced with hope.
If you’re real…send me home!



Chapter 28



Darryl’s sight cleared slowly. His head throbbed. Something black dangled above him. He watched it for a second before he realized what it was. Then everything came back to him—like the roar of machines and structures collapsing from somewhere close by.
“Adelle!” 
Darryl sat upright. He saw her in the bed, rubbing her face. She was alive.
“Darryl?” she asked cautiously. “Did it work?”
“I don’t know,” he said. “I think so. I feel strange.”
The doors burst open and two bodies rushed in. Darryl and Adelle turned to see the nurse and Barton. They sighed in relief.
“We have to leave right now!” Barton yelled.
Barton saw the worry in their eyes. He helped the nurse get them out of the beds and on their feet. They were together, he noticed. They were normal.
He smiled. It brought him hope. They would make it.
Jada. Avery. Lorelai. Make it for them.
“We’re going home,” Barton said out loud.
“The escape pods,” the nurse said, motioning for them to follow her.
Barton looked at the nurse. “Jean was a great friend. You make her proud.”
The nurse nodded sadly. She raced to the door; Darryl grabbed Adelle’s hand and followed; Barton spit in disgust at the room and what it stood for, then followed them into the hall. 
“Where’s Whitmere?” Darryl asked.
“He’s discovering his new identity,” Barton smirked.
Barton drifted then. He saw bits and pieces of the hall as they moved, heard parts of words spoken in between his drifting, but felt none of it. As they followed the speedy nurse through the maze of halls and doors and stairs, his mind sent him home, back to his family.
The group encountered only a couple of others, all running for other sections. The voice on the speaker boomed out once, stating that section nine was closed off. They had made it out just in time. The nurse moved faster. She needed to save herself once this was finished, and she needed time to do so.
Sprinting up a spiral staircase, the group reached the transport bay. It was wide open, with monstrous doors leading to smaller ships and pods, ones used for surveillance, others for emergency. Machines were scattered along the walls, under the massive windows, towering above them like glass buildings. Barton hesitated when he saw the devices. They were meant for capturing, he knew. He hated them.
“There!” The nurse pointed to a section on the far wall where a series of doors lined the great wall. Seconds later, the room shook in waves, trembling with enough force to toss mounted units from the wall and nearly bring them all to their knees. The boom that followed left no doubt that something terrible was happening.
And it was getting closer to them.
The nurse led them to a door and opened it. Inside was a tunnel with another door leading into a tear-shaped pod, attached on the outside of the wall. She motioned to its door and began their farewells.
“I’ll go no further,” the nurse said. “I have to reach the higher levels.”
“We thank you,” Darryl said. He shook her hand; she looked surprised.
“We owe you our lives,” Adelle added. She hugged the nurse quickly.
“Go.” The other nurse motioned. Her face was saddened by her losses. “Go!” 
Darryl and Adelle rushed into the small tunnel and opened the hatch door. They looked back, realizing that a secondary door stood just within to seal their exit. They stood beside the pod opening.
“Barton!” Adelle urged. “Come on!”
“I can’t thank you enough,” he said to the nurse. “Go save yourself. We’re going home.”
Barton walked for his escape. It seemed like he was waking from a bad dream.
“Where are we?” Adelle asked.
Barton heard Adelle’s voice. It sounded like an angel speaking directly to him. Walking into the tunnel was dream-like. Everything was cast in an iron-looking substance. It was foreign; it was alien; he would never see it again.
“We’re at the bottom of the ocean,” he said softly. He saw the look she gave. He nodded to reassure her that she had heard him right. “All this time.”
Darryl opened the door into the pod. He looked into Adelle’s eyes and saw them sparkle. They stepped in; it was small, round with seats and small windows. They turned back to see Barton as he was about to enter.
In a blur behind him, the nurse ran, screaming.
Barton turned back, knowing something was wrong. He saw the nurse sprinting towards them. Out of the shadows, Whitmere came—his weapon firing everywhere.
“Close the door! Go!” the nurse screamed.
She raced into the tunnel. She had to seal the door before Whitmere was given the chance to stop them. She stood at the wall, pressing a series of buttons. Whitmere’s shots exploded into the walls around her, plastering her in debris.
“No one leaves me!” Whitmere cried.
Barton saw Whitmere coming. He saw the nurse bleeding from her side. She had been shot. He saw the look in her eyes as she dropped to the floor, just before the door she was trying to close. Whitmere came rushing, his shoulder sending blood down his arm, dripping off his fingers.
“Did you think I would let you leave?”
Barton rushed to the door controls. He hit a switch and a massive door began to descend behind Whitmere, trapping him in the corridor with them. Adelle and Darryl screamed for Barton to join them. Barton had to make sure they could escape, pressing buttons, not sure exactly what was happening. He needed the secondary door to close; he needed Whitmere locked away from them. As he turned, Whitmere struck him down.
“I’m not through with you!” 
Whitmere stood within the tunnel. The secondary door was closing just ahead of them now. “What did you do to me?!”
Whitmere began shooting his weapon at Barton, at the door, at the pod. Darryl and Adelle dove for cover, closing the pod door. Sections of the walls in the corridor began to crumble. 
“Stop!” Barton yelled. Without the protective shield, the ship had no way of repairing the wounds he was giving it. The pressure would be too great.
Barton crawled to his feet. He felt his life slipping away. Escape seemed like an impassible mountain. His hope faded quickly.
Cracks formed along the walls where Whitmere had shot. Small beads of water dripped from them, turning into steady streams. Barton saw them.
“You’re mine,” Whitmere coughed. 
Barton felt the weapon at his head. 
“Just do it,” he told Whitmere. “Just do it.”
Barton was tired. He had struggled for too long. He wasn’t going home. He had fought with all that he had, and he had lost. Better to save his friends, then to have them all die.
“Do it.” His voice barely made a sound.
“It’s not going to be that easy,” Whitmere spit, hissing in pain.
Whitmere pulled Barton back off of the wall. He would take him before the Council as proof that their race needed to be killed off. This time, they all die.
“Kill me!” Barton urged. His eyes were on the pod, walking backwards. The door before him lowering closer to the floor. “Go, Adelle!”
“They’re dead, too!”
Whitmere pulled his weapon off from Barton’s head to shoot into the pod when a stream of water broke into a vicious sweep, crumbling a part of the wall, sending Whitmere to his knees. 
Barton took control.
He turned quickly, striking Whitmere in the head twice, knocking him hard enough to break lose his weapon. Water poured in unchecked. Soon the entire wall would be collapsed, he knew. Like the rest of the ship. 
Whitmere reached for the gun, but Barton sent a blow into his wounded shoulder, knocking the other back into the rising water. Barton stood, walked over to him and stepped on his head, keeping him under.
“The door! Barton!” Adelle and Darryl both screamed.
Barton saw the secondary door would reach the floor in seconds. He held Whitmere where he was, making sure he could not follow. This was the end.
“I’m going home!”
Barton waited as long as he could, then dove under the water, under the closing door, and into the pod’s entrance. Barton ran to the pod. Whitmere’s screams died suddenly. As Barton shut the pod door, he looked back.
“It’s over,” he said to himself.
“Let’s go,” Darryl said.
Barton nodded.
Adelle and Darryl scrambled to get locked in as Barton sat at the controls. He read over Jean’s instructions.
“Hold on!”
The pod’s windows showed nothing but darkness. As Barton set the program, the pod shuttered, coming to life. It couldn’t move fast enough for them.
“Hurry!” Darryl pleaded.
“I can’t believe we’re leaving,” Adelle cried. “I want to go home.”
“Now!”
Barton yelled as the pod detached itself from the ship and began to speed up into the darkness. It shook and trembled; all of them yelling in response. Adelle and Darryl sat together, holding each other close. Barton looked away, not wanting them to see his tears. 
Within minutes, the darkness in the windows became lighter. Then they saw blue water. Soon they were surfacing.

Barton stood in the door and stared at the bright blue sky. The air was hard to breathe, and he told them to do it slowly. It was clean though, and it was theirs. A few white, billowing clouds floated freely in the slight breeze—one that could never feel more refreshing.
Adelle and Darryl stared out, too. Their arms were locked around each other, pressing close.
“We’re home.” Adelle said. 
“We made it,” Darryl added.	
Barton kept quiet. Words could not describe to them what he was feeling. Tears choked his vision.
He pointed in the distance. A large boat was coming. A cruise ship, he realized.
Barton laughed then. A cruise ship.

Lying on his bed, a plate of fresh fruit beside him, Darryl and Adelle freshly showered and robed sitting close by, Steve Barton felt a shutter. For a brief moment, he thought he was still back with them. As his heart settled, his smile was unmatched.
Commotion filled the deck and halls as the large ship swayed. Screams filled the airwaves then; voices yelling that something was rising from the deep. Adelle and Darryl swallowed hard, holding each other in wonder. 
Barton sat upright and looked out the small square window. It was night. Yet in the blackness, something darker yet rose from the water, something that dwarfed the enormous ship. It rose into the air, and in a blink, it was gone, disappearing into the sky.
Steve felt his heart pound. He took a drink and laid back down, resting peacefully as hundreds of voices screamed in terror.

It was early morning, the sun’s orange glow beaming across the water as Butch threw in his fishing nets. His father stood at the helm of the four-man craft, overlooking his son’s work.
“Dad! Over there!”
Butch pointed, and he looked. Something dark was in the water. He turned the boat, moving towards it. As they drew closer, his son yelled back to him.
“It’s a body!”
Butch wasted no time pulling it aboard. It was a man, old and wounded, but alive. Butch began to dress his wound with shirts he had ripped into rags. His father stood motionless. He had never seen anything like it before.
“Let’s get him back,” he told Butch.
As he went to the boat’s controls, the old man opened his eyes. They were scared, and filled with secrets.
“Are you okay?” Butch asked.
The old man rose gently, then wiped off his bald head and face with a shirt. “The air is thicker than I imagined.”
Butch had no idea what to think. “What is your name?” 
“Whitmere. Doctor Whitmere.”
“Well, doctor, you’re lucky you didn’t drown.”
Whitmere smiled. “You have no idea.” 


About the author

Sean McKenzie began writing screenplays shortly after high school. After working with independent film companies, he went off to work on his first novel, The Elf King, a fantasy fiction. Project Human was adapted from a screenplay that he and his wife had written.
Sean currently lives in northern Michigan.
 
You can connect with the author at:
https://www.facebook.com/AuthorSeanMcKenzie?ref=hl



