Desperate Rescue
Peggy Lea Baker

Published by Peggy Lea Baker at Smashwords
Copyright 2011 Peggy Lea Baker

All rights reserved.  This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, or events is entirely coincidental.  Actual locations have been used either with permission, or due to rights within public domain rules and regulations or law.


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.


Chapter 1


Leave her alone! Janet awoke with a start and in a panic.  She felt stiff and uncomfortable.  Staring straight ahead, she realized she was sitting in her car, in the middle of nowhere—if there really were such places.  Still trying to wake up, she peered through the windshield and realized she was parked at the side of a narrow, paved road, bounded on each side by weatherworn wire fencing clinging to misshapen and rotting fence posts.  
Groggily, Janet stepped out of the car to straighten up and work out the kinks.  Gazing ahead to the east and a rising sun, the landscape was stark and forbidding.  Distant hills interrupted the otherwise open and desolate terrain that supported only scrub brush and a few short and misshapen trees struggling to survive in the stark landscape.  
Turning around, she was immediately overwhelmed by the unexpected presence of towering snowcapped mountains behind her and to the west.  A chilly gust of wind emanating from deep mountain canyons tossed her mangled hair and she shuddered in response.  Pulling a thin sweater around her shoulders to get warm, she absently ran her fingers through tangled hair.  
Overhead, the sky was a sparkling blue and the mountain peaks glowed in the bright morning sunlight, some of them still capped in stubborn snow packs.  Momentarily, she was struck with contrast and stark beauty of it all as she struggled to organize her thoughts and remember why she was even here in the first place.  
Frantically driving through a dark and moonless night in pursuit of her best friend, she had given little thought about where she was going or where she would eventually end up.  All she could think of was rescuing her lifelong friend Sally.  As foggy thoughts cleared, and recollections of the previous evening flooded back, her resolve to find Sally returned with great clarity and committed defiance.  No one was going to get away with this.
It had all started with a nice dinner…just the two of them at a favorite restaurant.  Afterward, they were to meet up with a couple of guys they knew casually at a glamorous party in an exclusive and prominent hillside home.  She and Sally had been so excited!  To be able to rub shoulders with notable people was like a dream.  It wasn’t as if she and Sally were “party girls”, but when an invitation to an affair like this is offered, even by some casual acquaintance, you just don’t say no.  That would be unthinkable!
Although they never did find the guys who had invited them, they had not been disappointed by the atmosphere or the guest list.  It was like being Cinderella—sorta.  And they really hadn’t expected to be swept off their feet by any Prince Charming, but then, anything could happen at an occasion such as this, right?
Janet never considered herself or Sally to be especially naïve or unsophisticated, but when they were invited to join some others in a different room of the house, they both soon realized that there was a lot they were not completely prepared for.  Somehow, compared to what you see on TV or in a movie, the reality of what was happening at this very moment hit them both like a ton of bricks!  
Once inside the room, other guests were excitedly moving toward one particular area.  Two matching sofas faced a large glass-topped coffee table set in expensive carved oak.  On the table top were several neatly arranged short and narrow rows of white powder.  In an instant, both she and Sally knew exactly what was going on and what all the excitement was about.
Although this particular room would ordinarily feel grand and spacious, with the press of people it felt small and closed in even with the large glass windows on the opposite wall.  The darkness outside was barely illuminated with low wattage landscape lighting and the room itself was dimly lit…except for the coffee table.  A single canister lamp recessed in the ceiling overhead cast a bright glow onto the table top producing an eerie feeling.  It was almost like looking at a shrine or even an altar as a couple of people knelt down to partake of the addictive substance.
The group had grown in numbers, and so had the level of anxious anticipation.  Fortunately, with so many people crowding in, it allowed Janet and Sally the opportunity to ease their way to the back of the room and toward the door.  No one seemed to notice or even care.  The door opened again, and a couple of other people came in.  Janet and Sally took advantage of the moment and slipped out at the same time carefully closing the door behind them.
“My gosh!”  Sally whispered excitedly to Janet.  “Do you know what that stuff was?”
“Cocaine,” Janet had whispered back, looking around and hoping no one was paying attention to them.  “I don’t think I want to stay any longer, do you?”
Sally shook her head in response.  “So what should we do?”
“Let’s just leave.”
“Do you think anyone will care?”  Sally seemed a bit worried.
“I doubt it,” Janet replied dryly.  “With all these people in here, who’s going to notice us?  We’re nobodies.”
“But what about our sweaters and purses?”
“We’ll just go get them and then we’ll leave,” Janet answered matter-of-factly.
“Okay,” Sally agreed, sounding relieved.
The two of them had made their way to the room where they had placed their things when they first arrived.  Stepping into the room they headed for a sofa where everything had been piled.
“What a mess!” Janet was disgusted.  “Well, let’s start looking.”  Both girls began digging through the accumulated assortment of coats, sweaters, scarves, and bags.
“We shouldn’t have to dig too far since there were a lot of people here before we arrived,” Sally commented as she continued picking her way through the mess.
“That’s true,” Janet agreed.  “Oh, look!  Here’s your purse... and your sweater!”
“Great! What about your stuff?”  Sally was getting anxious.
“Here!  I’ve got them.  Okay, let’s go!”  Janet slipped on her sweater and clutched her small bag in one hand, tucking it up close.  Sally did the same as they moved toward the door.  Quietly, they stepped back out into the hallway.  It was empty so the two friends stood for a moment debating which way to go.  The music and conversation, coming from the main room, was as loud as ever.  An excitement was growing and intensifying, making the two friends even more nervous and eager to leave.
“I wonder if there is another way we could leave besides the front door,” Janet tried to whisper above the noise.
“Let’s find out,” Sally responded without hesitation.
They headed down the hallway and away from the crowd.  It made a right angle turn and continued for a short distance farther, ending at a glass-paned door that led to an outside walkway.
“Let’s hope we don’t set off any alarms.” Janet smiled wryly.  
"Who'd even notice?" Sally responded back.  
Janet headed outside with Sally at her heels.  They closed the door and heard it click shut then headed along the darkened walkway shielded by shrubs and a short brick wall.  They were skirting the pool and patio area where a group had gathered to drink and laugh at whatever idle conversation amused them.
A few steps farther and both girls stopped short.  The wall and shrubs had ended.  They could see a wrought-iron gate a few feet away which led to the street, but to get to it meant walking across an open space clearly visible to the group on the patio.  And who knew what amount of noise the gate would make as they unlatched it—unless it was locked!  Now that was something they hadn’t thought about until this very moment.  How odd, Janet thought to herself, that they felt the need to be so covert in their actions.
“Do you think it’s locked?”  Sally was first to verbalize their collective fear.
“I have no idea, and I’m not too crazy about trying to find out at the moment.”  Janet was wracking her brain trying to think of a solution.
“Maybe we should go back inside and try a different way,” Sally suggested.
A loud shriek of drunken laughter startled them both as they huddled together.  A couple had separated themselves from the rest of the patio group, and from the bits of conversation overheard, it was evident they were looking for a secluded place to spend some time together.
Janet and Sally wasted no time scurrying back up the walkway toward the door they had exited a few moments ago.  Quickly, they attempted to open it only to discover it was locked!  Standing in the shadows, they could see the silhouette of the couple at the other end of the walkway, fully embraced in a passionate kiss.
“Now what?”  Sally whispered.
“I’m thinking,” was all Janet could say as she tried the doorknob once again.  Suddenly it opened, and both women gasped.  
“Need some help?” a smiling and very handsome man asked, almost with a laugh.
“Um... we got locked out.  We didn’t realize we couldn’t get back in this way,” Janet stammered, trying to sound calm at the same time.
“Well, I guess I’m Prince Charming to the rescue!”  He did laugh this time as both women stepped through the door.
“Thank you,” they said in unison.
“My pleasure.  It isn’t often I get to rescue two beautiful women at the same time.”  Again, he smiled.  “So what can I do to make your evening unforgettable?”
“Well, actually, we need to leave,” Janet stated.
“Leave?”  He looked disappointed.  “The night is young, and the fun is just getting started!  You can’t leave yet.”  He kept smiling and doing his “charming” thing.  
Sally seemed suddenly mesmerized by his smile and good looks.  She giggled a dimpled smile back at him, “Well, maybe we could stay just a little bit longer.”  She was hooked!  
Janet immediately tried to get her friend to focus on their previous plan. “Um, Sally, I thought you said you needed to get going because you have an early day tomorrow, remember?”  Janet was desperately trying to urge her friend to reconsider her remark so they could just leave.
“What?”  Sally glanced at Janet for a split second and then back into those charming eyes.  “Oh, yes, well... I guess we really should be going.”  Again the dimpled smile.  She really needed to cut that out!
“How about a dance first.  Just one dance?”  His eyes were fixed on hers, and there was no way Janet was going to be able to break that spell!  He took Sally’s hand and led her back into the large room where most of the crowd was still in the process of working into an ultimate frenzy.
Janet followed at a discreet distance, not wanting to embarrass her best friend, but still trying to figure out a graceful exit for the both of them.  Meanwhile, Sally and her newly found “prince,” were quickly swallowed up by the crowd.  Janet struggled to keep an eye on her best friend, eventually losing that battle completely.  They had disappeared from view.  Janet was jostled and bumped from every direction as she attempted to work her way around the room.  A couple of times, she was encouraged to join in the dancing but shook her head and kept pressing through the crowd until she found herself at the foot of a sweeping staircase she had noticed when they first arrived that evening.  
Janet pushed and shoved her way until she managed to get halfway up straining to see the dance floor in the mix of colorful strobe lights pulsating to the rhythm of the raucous music.  Eventually, she managed to make her way to the top and stood at the balcony rail.  The dance floor was a crush of excited and fanatic people.  Janet was becoming increasingly agitated and very concerned for Sally’s welfare.  Something just wasn’t right.  She should be able to see her on the dance floor from this vantage point.
A muffled noise down a hallway caught her attention.  Taking a few steps away from the railing, she peered in that direction.  A man stood at the door of one room, obviously guarding it.  She heard the sound again, but this time it seemed more like someone struggling.  She began to move in that direction, until the man standing at the door gave her a look that sent a chill down her spine, and she froze on the spot, turning away.  However, she didn’t go far.  Trying to appear disinterested, Janet pretended to be enjoying the freak show below her but still kept her ears open for any other sounds.
Suddenly she had an idea.  With boldness, she turned and walked up to the guard at the door and asked a simple question, “Excuse me, but could you direct me toward the powder room?”
“The what?” he snapped at her.
“The bathroom,” she replied in a more droll tone and attempted to give him a look that indicated how stupid she thought he was.
“End of the hall!” was all he said with a jerk of his thumb and reassumed his stance.
“Thanks,” Janet mumbled back with a slight tone of disgust.  Though terrified inside, she felt she had pulled that off pretty well as she stepped into the bathroom, locking the door.  Okay, so now what?  After a couple of minutes staring into the large beveled mirror, she flushed the toilet and then ran the water in the sink, just in case anyone happened to be listening.  Taking one last look in the mirror, she said quietly to herself, “I guess I just have to go back downstairs and keep looking for Sally so we can get the heck out of here!”
Janet took a deep breath, unlocked the door, and stepped into the hall.  To her surprise, the guard was gone!  The door to the room he had been guarding was ajar, so she approached cautiously and glanced inside.  The room was empty, but the bed was in disarray.  She didn’t have to think twice about that.  She started to leave but something caught her attention.  Stepping inside, Janet picked up an object nearly concealed under the foot of the bed and gasped.  It was Sally’s handbag!  She spun around, staring at the door.  It was Sally that she had heard struggling with someone.
With angry determination, Janet headed for the stairs again, gripping Sally’s handbag along with her own.  Pushing and shoving people out of her way, she descended the stairs and made her way to the front door.  A guy stepped in her path and asked where she was going but, just as quickly, got out of her way at her descriptive threat of injury to his family’s jewels.  In her fury, she had no idea what she was going to do or where she was going—except maybe to the police.  Yes!  She would call the police and tell them about the drugs!  And when they arrived, they could help her find Sally!
Janet headed for her car hurriedly reaching for her cell phone when a scream a short distance ahead immediately caught her attention followed by the sound of a car door slamming shut and a car engine starting.  Janet ran in its direction to get a better look.  She managed to catch up to it just as it pulled away, but not before she caught a glimpse of the occupants—two guys in the front seat and Prince Charming in the back, struggling with someone.  As the car sped away, the face of a terrified and crying young woman appeared in the rear window.  It was Sally!


Chapter 2


Although refreshing, another gust of chilly air made her shudder as she wrapped her arms around her shoulders.  The thought of last night’s experiences weighed heavily on her mind.  Witnessing the abduction of her best friend had thrown her into a near panic, but determination to rescue Sally pushed her into action.  She had run full speed down the street to reach her car and managed to take off after the dark sedan carrying her friend, fumbling to fasten her seat belt in the process.  
In her desperate attempt to keep up, she lost sight of them a couple of times as they raced through city streets, but miraculously, she found herself not far behind as they entered a major freeway.  A hair-raising race ensued, which took her eastward out of town heading for parts unknown.  As traffic thinned out, she decided to maintain a more discreet distance and even once exited the freeway, having made a metal note of the style of taillights of the car, and then quickly headed up the opposite on-ramp hoping her maneuver would somehow throw them off, assuming they may have been suspicious of being followed.  Had she seen that done in the movies?  It didn’t matter, and besides, this wasn’t the movies!  This was real!
Hours later, however, and upon entering a small remote town hundreds of miles from home, Janet lost sight of the car and panic set in again.  She circled back and drove through the few streets of the town just to be sure they hadn’t turned onto a side street.  Exhausted from her vigilant all-night journey she had decided to park on a remote lane on the outskirts of town.  Determined to catch only a quick nap and try to collect her thoughts as the eastern sky was barely beginning to show the very faint signs of an impending sunrise, Janet knew she needed to rest—at least for a short while.
So here she was, alone in some remote place, facing a brand-new morning, in addition to being grievously anxious and concerned for her friend.  In other circumstances, it could have been a beautiful way to start the day and she might have actually been able to enjoy it.  But the tension she was feeling kept mounting as she frantically tried to decide what to do next.
“Find food, that’s what I need to do next,” she spoke aloud.  “And some gas for the car...then the Sheriff.” She drove into the little town looking for a gas station and a place to eat.  
Cold Creek wasn’t very big. A tiny post office, a couple of miscellaneous stores, a run-down motel, a gas station with a small country store, and Rosie’s Café.   Perfect, she thought to herself, pulling into the gas station and stopping at the single island with two pumps.
An older man stepped up to her car window offering to help.  She was grateful for the assistance.  “Nice day.” He smiled a wrinkled and leathery grin.
“Yes, it is,” Janet responded politely.
“You headed up north?” His question seemed innocent enough.
“Um, yes.  Yes, I’m headed north,” she answered, not really knowing what to say to him.  She really wasn’t interested in conversation at the moment.  Her mind was filled with what-ifs and what-am-I-going-to-dos.
“You been traveling all night?”
“Excuse me?”
“You been traveling all night, is what I asked.”  He was still grinning.  There wasn’t anything necessarily sinister about him or his questions, but just the same, Janet was uneasy telling a stranger too much about her situation.
“Why do you ask?” she asked.
“Well, ’cuz I happened ta notice yer car parked over yonder as I drove in to the station this morning, that’s all.” He grinned again.  “My name’s Andy by the way.  I help Pete and Jake out around here sometimes.”
“Oh, well... uh... yes, I just needed to catch a few winks.  I’m... uh... headed for my sister’s place up north.” She felt stupid telling such a goofy lie, but continued, “I got a late start yesterday and wasn’t able to get as far as I had planned.”  It sounded plausible.
“You could'a stayed at the motel over there.” He pointed at the run-down place she had noticed a few minutes before.
“I know, but I didn’t need a room for long.  Just a short nap.”  She smiled politely and hoped he didn’t have any more questions.  He gave her a quizzical look and finished filling her tank.  She paid him and then pulled out onto the main street and continued on, except she didn’t really know where to go.  Janet glanced in her rearview mirror and noticed the old man watching her drive away.  “I guess I’m heading north then,” she muttered out loud then noticed Rosie’s Café and decided to stop for something to eat first.
Entering the café, Janet was told she could sit wherever she wanted, so she chose a booth by a front window where she could see the street.  She was the only customer.  The waitress came over and offered her a menu. 
“Just passin’ through?” the waitress asked abruptly.
“Yes.”  Janet began looking at the menu.
“You look tired.”
“I am a little, yes,” Janet responded.
“Been driving all night?”  Again with the questions, Janet thought sourly.
“Yes,” she replied, still looking at the menu.  Geez, don’t these people have better things to do than poke around in other people’s private business?
“If you need some sleep, I can get you a good deal on a room at the motel next door,” the waitress offered.
“No thanks,” Janet finally looked up at the waitress.  “I think I’ll have the breakfast special, please.”  She smiled and handed back the menu.  
“Sure thing.” The waitress scribbled on her order pad then walked away.
“Thank you,” called after her.  Janet figured the woman was probably in her late middle fifties, having accumulated a few unwanted pounds over the years.  Her pale pink uniform clung to every curve and was a little too short, revealing thick calves and spider veins.  Her hair was a harsh bleached blonde, giving her skin a hard and sallow appearance.  Deep lines and a leathery complexion revealed an obvious addiction to cigarettes and alcohol, likely adding years to her appearance in spite of heavy makeup.
Breakfast arrived a few minutes later.  It smelled good and looked all right.  The waitress set a glass of orange juice in front of Janet with a smile.
“I didn’t order orange juice,” Janet said politely.
“I know.  I just thought it might taste good.  It’s on the house.” She smiled back and gave Janet a wink.
“Thank you” was all Janet could manage to say surprised at the sudden kindness of the woman.
“My pleasure.  My name’s Rosie.  I own this place.” She glanced around.  “So I can do what I want.”  She smiled again and asked if Janet needed anything else.
“No, thank you.  The meal is just fine and thanks again, for the juice.”  With that, Rosie wandered off toward the counter, wiping a few spots from tables as she went.
Janet ate slowly and pondered her situation.  She had no real idea where she was other than way out in the countryside and very far from home sitting in a small café completely alone and very worried about Sally.  In fact, she was terrified for Sally, and the agitation she was feeling kept growing.  
How on earth was she going to find her friend?  Where had that car gone?  What were they doing to Sally anyway?  Why did they even want her?  She hadn’t done anything to anyone. She liked people, was friendly, and fairly trusting—maybe a little too trusting sometimes—but even so, she wasn’t especially flirtatious, and she definitely wasn’t “easy.”  Sure she was very pretty and had killer dimples, but all that was just natural for her as well as her friendly personality.  And as for Prince Charming, who wouldn't be charmed by a handsome guy who simply asked her to dance?
Right now, though, she needed to think, but didn’t really have any idea what to think about.  How could she possibly find Sally?  Maybe she should just drive back home and call the police.  But then they’d wonder why she didn’t do that last night.  And with no real information to give them, what could they do?  She didn’t know what that guy’s name was nor could she tell them the license plate of his car.  In fact, she suddenly realized she might not have been following the right car after all!  Maybe they really did get away.  Maybe they never really left town.  My gosh!  It wasn’t like that car was so unusual in any way.  There are lots of dark blue sedans driving around.  What if she had been following the wrong car?  She started to cry silently as she sat staring out the window.  
No longer hungry, Janet just stared down at her half-eaten meal and shoved the plate away, looking out the window again.  She wiped her face and resolved to get control of her emotions.  Yes, she decided, it was probably best to turn around and go back home, if she could even figure out how to do that.
Janet started to get up.  Rosie came over and noticed the food left on her plate.  “Aren’t you going to finish your breakfast, dear?”
“No.  I’m not very hungry,” she replied.  “It was very good though.”
“I could wrap it up for you, if you like.  You could take it with you.”
“Well, okay.  Sure.  That would be nice, thanks.”  Rosie headed for the kitchen to put the rest of Janet's meal in a take-out container.
While waiting for her to return, Janet stood staring out the front windows of the café.  The town seemed quiet and peaceful.  It was as if no one had a care in the world, but then it was still early.  At that moment, two old guys came in and sat down at the counter.  They each acknowledged Janet with a “howdy,” then picked up the conversation they obviously had been having when they first came in.  
Janet didn’t pay much attention.  She just kept staring out the windows, although she did overhear something said about a big “to-do” that was happening soon. Then suddenly she stiffened as she watched a dark blue sedan drive by, slowing down in front of Rosie’s as it passed her car parked at the curb.  It picked up speed and continued on to the next lane turning the corner and disappearing from Janet’s view.  She was sure two men were in the car.
Within minutes, the phone at the counter began ringing.  Rosie had just returned with Janet's box then hurried to the phone to pickup the call.  “Rosie’s Café,” she greeted the caller.  Her side of the conversation was brief.  “Yes, that’s right.”  She glanced at Janet and smiled, then turned halfway and said something quietly to the caller, finally hanging up.
Janet suddenly felt uneasy and was anxious to leave in an attempt to find that blue car.  “How much do I owe you?”  She fished around in her bag for some cash and paid her bill.  As she started to leave, Rosie called her back.
“Say, are you planning to stick around the area for a while?  There are some interesting things to see around here.”
“No.  I need to get going.  But thanks just the same,” Janet responded politely then headed for the door.
“But there are some gold mines in the hills that tourists like to go see," Rosie called after her.  "Are you sure you wouldn’t like to see one of them?”  Rosie seemed somehow anxious for Janet to stay.
“No thanks.  I’m not that interested in mines of any kind,” Janet answered back as she headed out the door.  Suddenly her suspicions were becoming aroused.  How odd it was that Rosie was so anxious all of the sudden for her to stick around...ever since that call.  Janet quickly got into her car.  Glancing up at one of the windows, she could see Rosie on the phone and pointing in her direction.  Janet started her car and headed out of town—north.


Chapter 3


Leaving Cold Creek, Janet didn’t see any other road signs other than a weather-beaten one on the outskirts that read, “Quail Club,” with an arrow pointing east.  She glanced in that general direction, but as far as she could tell there was nothing of interest to see, other than another smaller range of hills in the distance.  The narrow road appeared to head for those distant hills and beyond, except to skirt around what looked like someone’s private property.  She guessed it was probably that Quail Club.
Other than that, the whole area was pretty much open range land with a few cattle grazing here and there, but not much else.  Janet wasn’t sure how much farther she wanted to drive.  She had glanced up the two or three other narrow streets in Cold Creek hoping to see the blue sedan, but didn't.  Deciding to keep going, she hoped another road would intersect with this one somewhere up ahead so she could avoid Cold Creek and head home.  But mile after mile, there were no other roads.  Just this one—all two lanes of it!  It wasn’t a busy road either.  She hadn’t seen another car coming or going since leaving Rosie’s Café, and she wasn’t sure how she felt about that.
An old makeshift gate and driveway appeared ahead at a small pullout.  Where exactly was she?  Janet decided to pull over and take stock of where she was and what she really wanted to do.  Besides, she was feeling very agitated and needed to stretch and collect her thoughts about Sally.  Feeling hungry again, she finished the cold breakfast of scrambled eggs.  Somehow, cold eggs just didn’t taste quite the same and the toast was now soft and chewy instead of crisp, but she ate anyway.  A bottle of water in the cup holder helped wash it all down.
The sun was now higher in the sky.  Soon it would be midday.  She needed to make best use of the daylight.  Once the sun dipped behind the tall peaks of the mountain range still looming to the west it would cool down quickly.  Hopefully she would find Sally before then and the two of them could find a place to stay for the night before heading back home.
The sunshine felt good on her face as she leaned back against her car.  A breeze still blew in gentle gusts as evidenced by the grasses periodically fluttering along the roadside as well as tossing her hair about.  Janet closed her eyes and breathed in deeply.  The smells of the outdoors were unique and strangely fragrant, helping to clear her head.  A call of a wild bird caught her attention, and she noticed it perched on a bleached fencepost across the road from where she stood.  It took off suddenly circled around in a southerly direction eventually disappearing from view.  Right now, to be a simple bird in flight sounded really nice.  No cares, no worries, just to be able to glide on the breeze and soak up the warm sun sounded pleasant. 
Janet gazed south in the direction she had come from and wondered again about the small town of Cold Creek and everyone's curiosity about her.  They must not get very many visitors, she decided.  Still scanning the landscape she was overwhelmed with the openness that seemed to beckon, almost as if saying, “Life is wonderful.  Enjoy the freedom of the outdoors!”  
Then something caught her attention on the road a couple of miles back.  Peering harder, she could see a vehicle had just crested the rise in the road and was coming in her direction.  “At last,” she said aloud.  “Maybe I can get directions from them, or at least find out where I am.”
She watched as the car got closer.  It seemed to be taking forever, but it was hard to judge distance out here—at least for her.  Then something odd happened.  The car pulled over and stopped—about a mile away, she guessed.  Shielding her eyes from the bright sunlight, she tried to get a better look.
“Why would they stop, I wonder?”  Janet said aloud and was getting ready to wave at them to get their attention when car doors popped opened on each side, and out stepped two people.  They stood alongside their car gazing in her direction.  Instead of waving at them, Janet continued to watch.  One of them leaned into the car, then stood up again and put something to his face.
“Binoculars!  Oh my gosh!  They’re looking at me, but why?”  Suddenly, Janet was struck with a very horrible feeling.  The car was a dark color, and both individuals appeared to be men.  A moment later, a third man got out of the car and reached for the binoculars.  Janet decided they had seen enough of her, and she most certainly had seen enough of them!  She jumped back in her car and pulled back onto the road, wasting no time to accelerate.  
Three men.  There had been three men in the car that had abducted Sally last night.  Could these be the same three men?  Not wanting to wait around to find out, she accelerated even more.  Glancing in her mirrors, it appeared they had also begun pursuit.
“This is not good!”  Janet voiced audibly now panicked and terrified, but she tried to keep her wits about her as she raced along the narrow country road, desperately hoping to get away from her apparent pursuers.
The sun maintained its steady march across the sky and had reached its zenith.  The road seemed to go on forever.  Much farther ahead, she could see a slight rise in the terrain and that the road disappeared over it.  It also seemed like the road was getting closer to the foothills of the mountain range.  She hadn’t been paying much attention to how long she’d been driving up to now, but glancing at her clock, she realized it was already past one o’clock.  “Really?” she questioned aloud and then glanced in her mirror again.  The other car was still following, but not gaining on her.  “That’s weird!”  Janet said aloud and then accelerate more glancing in her rearview mirror every so often to see if the other car did the same.  She couldn’t tell for sure other than they were still behind her.  Maybe a little farther back, but not by much.  She figured that they knew what she was doing and were slowly matching her pace.
As Janet’s little gray compact car scurried along the desolate road, she found herself thinking of Sally and being worried about her friend’s fate.  At the same time, she was beginning to wonder about her own fate!  This all seemed so unreal.  Several hours ago they were at a party expecting to have a fun and exciting evening, and now here she was in her car, in a desolate area racing for her life—or so she thought—and trying to figure out how to escape her presumed pursuers to find and rescue her best friend.
“Some rescue,” Janet mumbled to herself.  “This is all so bizarre. I don’t know what to think!”
Her car was beginning to work a little harder, and she realized she had reached the incline of the road.  Pressing her foot on the accelerator even more, the car answered with a burst of energy, and she finally reached the summit.  Ahead lay more road of course, but the terrain was definitely changing, and it was becoming more hilly.  With renewed hope of finding an escape, Janet wasted no time in speeding ahead, hoping to put more distance between her and the dark sedan following.
Every few seconds, she glanced in her mirror for signs of the other car.  Ahead was another small rise in the road, which then dipped down out of sight on the other side.  Eagerly, she pressed on, still checking her mirror.  Within a few moments, she caught a glimpse of the other car.  It was speeding down the first grade, but Janet was already approaching the next one.  Cresting it in record time, she darted down the other side suddenly noticing that the road was now taking on curves and trees.  The trees were great, but the curves were slowing her down.
“Dang!” was all she could say as she was forced to apply the brakes in a tight curve.  The narrow road now threaded itself through sparse evergreens, which grew denser with each mile.  
“I just wish I knew where I was,” she muttered absently, thinking how odd it was that she hadn’t seen a sign with any destination miles on it to the next town.  Driving now required more attention and concentration.  Rounding another curve, Janet noticed a small dirt road to the left as she passed by.  Without a second thought, she slammed on the brakes and put her car in reverse.  Backing up, she hesitated for about two seconds then pulled into the narrow lane, which dipped down and twisted away from the main road, eventually disappearing into a dense thicket of trees and undergrowth.  Although not knowing how much time she had, she carefully and very slowly negotiated the narrow dirt lane, hoping not to raise any dust that would give her location away to anyone else passing by on the paved road behind her.
Janet finally allowed her car to roll to a stop on its own and then switched off the engine, trying not to touch the brake pedal.  She lowered her window slightly to listen.  The trees created a buffer between her and the road behind, but she hoped she would somehow be able to determine if the sedan drove past.  Time crept as she strained to listen.  After what seemed like forever, she finally heard something.  It was a vehicle, she was sure, but it didn’t sound much like a sedan.  The sound, though faint, grew louder, then faded and eventually was gone.  She wasn’t sure, but it sounded like it had come from the opposite direction.  “Well, of course it did!” she retorted sarcastically.  “All this time I’ve been waiting for someone to come along who could help me, and the minute I leave the road, here they come!”  Janet was annoyed.
Still listening, however, she waited for the sound of the sedan driving by as well, but after several minutes, heard nothing.  She didn’t know what to think.  Sure, they could have driven by without being heard.  Sedans aren’t all that noisy.  Maybe they passed by at the same time the other vehicle did.  Or maybe, they quit following her and decided to turn around and go back the other way.  Or maybe, they were just waiting for her to come out of hiding.  But then, how would they know she was hiding? Or maybe they found this little dirt lane too! Or maybe I should stop trying to guess and just wait, she thought realizing she was becoming somewhat hysterical.  “I need to stay calm.”
Janet wanted to keep moving, but now worried about starting her engine.  Her heart was pounding!  Her hands were clammy, and her breathing was rapid and shallow.  So much for staying calm!  She was definitely on the verge of panicking, and she knew it.  After listening intently for a few more seconds, she gritted her teeth and turned the key.  The little car sprang to life.  Janet began to maneuver along the narrow dirt lane as it wound around trees and underbrush and farther into the hills.  
The roadbed was uneven and rocky as she bounced along trying to avoid large rocks and potholes.  It began to climb and change direction from west to north.  Finally cresting a ridge, the road dipped down into a small depression, then up again, and around another bend.  For the next half hour or so, Janet drove up and over, down and around, and higher into the hills.  Eventually, she dipped into another small depression and stopped the car.  Exhausted from emotional stress, as much as anything else, she needed a break.  
Leaving the engine running this time, Janet put the gear in “park” and set the parking brake. Stepping out, she nearly fell.  Her legs were weak and almost numb.  She hadn’t realized how tense every part of her body had become throughout this whole ordeal. She rubbed her legs and finally walked around to get the circulation going again.  
What a peaceful place, she thought, and how ironic.  In spite of her situation and mild hysteria, everything smelled good.  The breeze was still wafting around, brushing the treetops which sang in delight.  A bird chirped from nearby, or at least, she thought it was a bird.  It sounded different than most birds she’d heard.  A rustling in the branches of a tree above where she stood drew her attention, and she saw a squirrel run along a branch.  It stopped and made that same strange chirping sound.  
“So it was you!”  She laughed and ran her fingers through her hair and tousled it a bit to get some of the tangles out, then fetched the water bottle from the cup holder and took a long drink.  She was feeling hungry too, but decided to wait a while longer.  She didn’t have much in the way of food, just a few snacks in a bag in the backseat.  She generally kept something in her car for long afternoon commutes home from work.  Now, the snacks would probably come in handy, but she wanted to make them last as long as possible.
Although the sky was still blue overhead, the woods were getting darker and cooler.  The sun had made its way across the sky and from her vantage point had nearly reached the highest peaks of the high mountain range.  Deciding what to do next was her biggest challenge at the moment.
“Little squirrel?   Where are you?  Help me find my way out of here to someplace safe, will ya?”  She scanned the branches of the trees, but didn’t see the squirrel, or anything else for that matter—just trees and shrubs.  It was very still.  Janet continued to listen in silence for sounds of other vehicles or people or anything!  But she heard nothing.
“So do I drive farther up this road or stay here?” she quizzed herself aloud.  “It’s certain I’m not going back the way I came!  At least not right now.”  She even debated about whether or not to take a little walk around, but then decided not too.  “I’m not exactly dressed for hiking in the woods.” She smirked as she examined her attire.  Still in a party dress and dressy shoes, the thought of taking a walk made her shake her head in dismay.
Not wanting to stay where she was any longer, Janet decided to continue up the road a little farther.  Who knows what she might find?  Well, that was the problem, wasn’t it?  She really didn’t know, and it could be good or not.  Even so, the idea of just sitting in her car didn’t sound all that appealing either.  Climbing back into her car, she set it in gear and began the slow drive on up the dirt road, glancing at her car clock.  It read four-thirty.  
The ride was no worse than it had been, one twist and bump after another.  Although she could still see well enough to drive in the waning light, at this slow pace eventually, she would either have to turn the headlights on or stop altogether.  The headlights idea didn’t seem like a good one.  They might still be looking for her, so she decided that when it became too difficult to see for safe maneuvering, she would stop for the night.
“Good grief! I never thought about having to spend another night alone in my car!”  Well, there wasn’t much else she could do she surmised.  After another twenty minutes or so and only a couple of miles farther, Janet finally decided to stop and get ready for the night, but finding a good place to do that was also a concern.  She had just crested a small rise in the road, which then dipped down into another low hollow.  “I guess this is the place, then.”  The trees were dense, and the hillside began a steep climb to her right.  On the left, she could see more sky through the tree branches, and the hillside seemed to descend away from the road, but was not quite as steep she thought.
“This is good,” she decided.  Setting the emergency brake and shutting off the engine, Janet stepped out of her car and popped the trunk.  She fished around for whatever she could find that might make her night more comfortable.  Excitedly, she found two beach towels, an opened bag of cookies, a half-eaten bag of stale potato chips, and two more bottles of water.  “Ah!  I had forgotten about these things!”  She was glad she hadn’t completely cleaned out her car from a recent trip to the beach with Sally.
“Sally!”  Janet was depressed again.  “Where are you tonight?”  She just stood there for a moment, clinging to her few items and remembering last night all over again.  Tears came.  She got back in her car locking the door. Absently, Janet ate a couple of cookies and some chips.  She sipped her water, and then, set everything on the passenger seat.  Reclining her seat, she lay back, staring out the side window.
Exhaustion had finally taken its toll.  She rolled one towel up to make a pillow then used the second one as a blanket.  The car was already losing its warmth, but she didn’t care.  Sleep was what she needed.  Tomorrow would be a new day—same problems, just a new day to tackle them.


Chapter 4


Janet didn’t know how long she had been asleep, but was suddenly alert.  Having left her window opened a crack, she was awakened by the sound of a noise.  A rustling in the underbrush nearby made her freeze.  She didn’t dare move or turn to look in the direction of the noise.  She was terrified!  Her breathing became shallow and rapid.  She heard the noise again, only closer!  Janet wanted to scream, but held her breath instead.  What was that philosophical question?  “If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it fall, does it make any sound?”  Who the heck cares?  What Janet really wanted to know was, if someone screamed bloody murder in the middle of a forest and no one was there to help, would it make any difference if you screamed at all?”
More rustling.  She had to look.  Turning her head slowly, Janet rose up just enough to peer out her window in the direction of the noise.  It was still very dark out, but she could see a shadowy figure not far from her car.  Then she saw another one!  Suddenly gripped with terror, she wished this were all a bad dream!  She wished she could wake up!  She wished... 
Then she saw them—two deer.  They were making their way through the forest, stopping here and there to nibble at the smaller trees and undergrowth.  At once, though, one of them stopped and stared in her direction, its silloughette barely visible.  Obviously, a small gray car was not commonplace for these parts.  Both deer stood frozen in their tracks, sniffing and listening.  Cautiously, one of them took a couple of steps closer, pausing to listen and sniff some more.  Her throat suddenly dry from her rapid breathing, Janet coughed surprising herself and the deer.  Immediately, both deer darted off into the woods and out of sight.
Another cough, followed by a sneeze, caused Janet to shiver.  She was cold.  Unrolling the second beach towel she pulled it over her along with the first one.   A sweater and two beach towels weren’t much, but it was better than nothing at all.  Momentarily she thought about lying down in the backseat but dismissed the idea almost as quickly.  Uncomfortable or not, she’d rather stay in the driver’s seat in case she needed to make a quick getaway!
Then tears welled up in her eyes—soft, salty ones that began rolling down her cheeks.  Her defiance was all but gone.  “I don’t care,” she sobbed.  “Let them find me.  Maybe they’ll take me to wherever Sally is.  At least we’ll be together.”  The crying continued, but quieter.  She leaned back in her seat again.  First, the events of last night, and then all the weird stuff that had happened today kept running through her mind.  Even the old guy at the gas station, and Rosie, seemed weird.  What was going on around here?
Sleep overtook her again as she wondered about all of it.  Would tomorrow be any better?  Would she be able to find Sally? Questions, questions, questions... so many questions... no answers... no answers... what next?


Chapter 5


What’s going on?  What are you doing?  No!  No!  You can’t!  Leave her alone!  No!  Stop it!  Stop it!”
“No!” Janet awoke with a scream.  She was perspiring.  Sitting up straight with a jolt, she blinked in the dim morning sunlight.  Looking around, she had nearly forgotten where she was—but only for a moment.  Reality came back with a punch, and she moaned from the ache in her back.  Sleeping in a car all night didn’t contribute much to a good night’s rest.  However, before getting out of the car, Janet looked around at the new morning scene.
Everything looked pretty much the same. “But then, why wouldn’t it, dummy!”  Disgusted at herself for such a trivial observation, she stepped out of the car and stretched followed by a moan.  “I can barely move,” she complained and carefully stretched some more.  Leaning against her car, she looked straight up into the trees.  It was quiet and peaceful.  A soft breeze still blew and danced through the treetops stimulating their soft sweet song.  It sounded almost like gentle voices whispering to her that everything would be okay and not to worry.  But she did worry.
Again, the memories of the past two days were foremost in her mind.  Janet took a look at herself in the side view mirror.  “I look a mess!”  Like the day before, she ran her finger through her hair and tried to detangle it as much as possible.  “What the heck,” she finally said and gave up.  “It’s the best I can do.  The party’s over.”  At least she hadn’t completely lost her sense of humor.  Somehow it was keeping her from fully breaking down.  She knew she had to keep her wits about her and began taking stalk of her situation again.
“I need to be practical about all of this.  I have no ruby slippers, and besides, this is definitely not Kansas anyway.”  A good night’s sleep or not, she was definitely in a different frame of mind this morning.  She felt more in control of her emotions, although not necessarily so with regard to her situation. “I’m still lost,” she reminded herself, now wishing she had opted for a newer car with GPS capabilities.
Janet decided to look for something else to eat and sat down in her seat once again, rummaging through the things on the passenger seat.  As she wrestled with the potato ship bag, she thought she heard something and stopped…listening.  Suddenly she became aware of a faint sound.  It was an engine of some kind, but where?  She quickly closed her door and locked it but kept her window rolled down slightly to keep listening.  The sound was getting louder, and she readied herself to take off in a heartbeat.  Now she wasn't so sure if she wanted someone to find her after all.  Starting her engine, she continued to wait—checking her mirrors.  Then suddenly, a jeep crested the small rise ahead and skidded to a stop in a spray of loose dirt and gravel at the sight of Janet’s car.
“Now what?” she asked at the sight of the driver.  For a few seconds, they sat staring at each other.  Then Janet threw her car in drive and applied the gas.  “No one is going to get me.  Not even you, buster!”  Her tires spun in response with dirt and gravel flying everywhere!
“Hey, wait!” The other driver shouted for her to stop, jumping from his jeep waving his arms at her.
She slammed on her brakes and threw the gear in reverse, again applying the gas with more debris scattering in all directions.  Finally gaining some traction, the car flew in reverse and right into some thick underbrush.  Janet was now in a panic!  The stranger ran to her car and grabbed the door handle.  She shrieked at him to get away.  Her eyes were filled with terror and her face drawn tight.
Surprisingly, he did back up, holding his hands up in a gesture suggesting he didn’t mean her any harm.  His reaction surprised her, and she sat staring at him again.  He stared back.  If the whole thing hadn’t been so terrifying to her, it could have been rather funny—just the sight of two strangers engaged in a staring contest in the middle of a forest.  But this wasn’t some other time or place, and she was still terrified.
Janet kept her engine running, talking to him through her partially rolled-down window.  “Who are you!” she demanded.
“Well, who are you?” he demanded back.
“I asked you first!”
“Okay... okay, my name is Greg,” he answered, his hands still in the air.
“Greg?  Just Greg?”
“That’s enough, isn’t it?  Now it’s your turn.”  He was smiling but kept his hands slightly raised.
She hesitated then replied, without smiling, “Janet.”
“What did you say?  I couldn’t hear you.”  He stepped toward her car.
“Stay back!”  she demanded immediately.  He froze where he was and raised his hands higher.  My name is Janet,” she shouted back.
“Janet?”  He smiled again.  “Just Janet?  There was a tone of lighthearted sarcasm in his voice.
Janet smirked at him.  “Okay.  I’m sorry I acted so strange.”
“Strange?  Heck, I don’t see what’s so strange about some ditzy city woman out in the middle of nowhere driving around like a crazed fool and yelling at me, do you?” he responded loud enough for her to hear.
“What makes you think I’m crazy, or ditzy, or even a city woman, for that matter?” she shouted back at him, obviously angry, but at the same time realizing that’s exactly what all this looked like, plus he had no idea what she’d been through the past couple of days—or did he?
Greg began to chuckle and slowly put his hands down, but he didn’t move yet.  He didn’t appear to be all that dangerous.  And he certainly didn’t look like those guys from the party or even the men she had seen at a distance with their binoculars the day before.  Greg sported a closely cropped beard, wore dirty jeans and a red plaid flannel shirt, unbuttoned at the neck.  Even his mud-encrusted boots looked friendly, if that were possible.  Janet wanted to trust him.  She desperately wanted to trust someone.  And besides, he hadn’t been following her last night—not in that jeep of his.
“I don’t bite,” he called out to her.
Janet didn’t make any move to get out of her car or even shut off the engine. 
“Are you gonna sit there all day?”  Greg approached her again, slowly.  “Where are you headed anyway?”  He stopped about eight feet from her car and waited.
“I...I’m going home” was all she could think of to say, still talking through her half-opened window.  It sounded stupid as soon as she said it.  She was sure he thought so too.
“Just exactly where is home?” he asked, trying to keep a straight face.
Good question.  At this precise moment, she really wasn’t sure which way home was.  “I...I’m not exactly sure,” she finally replied.  “I think I took a wrong turn somewhere back there.”  She looked back in the direction she had so carefully driven the evening before.
His gaze followed then he looked back at her. “That was quite a wrong turn you took then.  You’re a few miles from the main road, you know.”  He cocked his head a bit. “Seems to me you would have figured out your mistake those few miles back.”  The tone of his voice had changed a little, and he wasn’t smiling anymore.  His eyes were serious, and he waited for her to respond.
Janet had to make a decision.  She either had to trust him or turn around and go back to the highway and take her chances with whoever had been following her.  Shutting off the engine, she opened the car door and stepped out.  Greg took a couple steps toward her, then stopped and said, “I won’t hurt you.”  His voice was calm with a hint of concern.  “I promise.”
“Okay,” Janet responded and then looked away for a moment.
“Are you hungry?  Why don’t you come back to my cabin and have some breakfast?”  His offer was tempting.  “There aren’t many fast-food places around here.”  There was that smile again.  “Then maybe we can figure out how to get you headed in the right direction.”
Janet felt embarrassed.  “Okay,” she said reluctantly.
“Good.  Just follow me in your car.” He started toward his jeep then turned and asked, “Are you stuck there, or can you get out?”  He carefully made his way around to the rear of her car, watching her the entire time, and took a look at her situation.  “I think you’re okay here.”  He smiled again and headed for his jeep.  Janet got back into her car.  She waited for Greg to get turned around then began to follow him farther up the dirt road with measured trust.  She could still turn around and go back the other way, she reasoned with herself—that is, if she wanted to.  But something was drawing her to Greg.  Obediently, she followed him toward his cabin.


Chapter 6


They drove a short distance up the road until it widened out into a small clearing.  A cabin was situated back in the trees.  It was probably a one-room dwelling, she thought, judging from the size of it.  A curl of smoke was gently wafting out of a stovepipe in the roof on one side.  There was a porch across the front, with a door on the right and a window on the left.
Curled up in the one slightly sunny spot on the porch was a large dog.  A Black Lab, she guessed.  He raised his head just enough to acknowledge the arrival of his master and then put it down again, only to raise it once more as he saw Janet’s car pull in behind Greg’s.  Rising to his feet with a stretch and yawn, he sniffed the air and descended the steps to greet Greg and check out this new visitor.
Greg hopped down from his vehicle and motioned for Janet to pull in beside his jeep.  That jeep.  It looked like it had seen every muddy side of every mountain in the area.  She did as he directed and turned off the engine.  The dog had jumped into the back of the jeep to get a better view of Janet and stood there wagging his tail and staring at her.  Great.  Another staring contest.
“Are you coming?” he called to her.
Okay, Janet, she mentally challenged herself.  Here you are.  You wanted help.  He may be able to do that.  So get the heck out of the car!
She stepped out, keys in hand, and shut the door.  By now the dog had jumped from the jeep and trotted over to her, his tongue hanging, and tail wagging with great enthusiasm.
“He won’t hurt you,” Greg assured her.  “His name’s Shad—short for Shadow.”
“Hi... Shad.” Janet was still cautious and, with some hesitation, patted the top of his head.  
Satisfied with this new visitor, Shad ran over to Greg and then bounded up the steps to the cabin door.  He turned around and gave an excited bark, tongue still hanging and tail still wagging.
Janet wobbled her way across the dirt and gravel in her party shoes and mounted the steps.  Greg watched with a measure of amusement.  She was definitely not dressed for the mountains.  He opened the door for her, and she stepped inside.  It was warm.
“Go stand by the stove, its warmer there,” Greg suggested.  She did so, gratefully.  “You’re not exactly dressed for the mountains,” he commented.  “Where are you headed again?”
“Oh, north,” she replied without really thinking.
“North?  So home is north?”
“What?”
“Home.  It’s north then.  You said you were trying to get home.”
“No... well, yes.  Yes, I am, but I need to go north first.” She was confusing herself.  “I mean, I need to see my sister first then I’ll go home.”  There was that little lie again.
“Your sister.”
“Yes,” she replied with defiance.  “My sister.”  She turned away from his gaze and continued to warm herself.
“You like pancakes?”
“Hmm?  Pancakes?”  She looked at him again. He was holding a bag of pancake mix and a big spoon.  “Sure.  Pancakes sound fine.”
“Good.” He smiled again and got to work.  
Janet took the time to survey his cabin.  It was surprisingly tidy.  There were two cot beds in one corner, neatly made up.  A small table and two chairs were in the middle of the small room.  A propane lamp sat on the table.  Greg was busy mixing up pancake batter.  He placed an iron skillet on a burner of an old gas stove to heat up.  Janet involuntarily shuddered.
“Are you okay?”  There was concern in his voice as he poured batter into the skillet.
“No.  I’m not.”  She looked at him.  No sense in trying to carry on some stupid charade, she decided.  She knew he didn’t believe her about going to see her sister.  Truth is she didn’t even have a sister, and she told him so.  “At this point, I really don’t know what I’m doing,” she confided.  “I’m confused and worried and scared and angry and starving and cold...I don’t even have a change of clothes.”  She was nearly in tears by now.
“So you are lost then.”
“Yes...and no...I don’t know,” she mumbled and walked to the front window.
Greg placed a pancake on a plate and set it on the table.  “Have a seat.  Eat something, and then we’ll see if we can figure out what to do.”
Janet walked back to the table and sat down.  The food tasted wonderful, probably because she really hadn’t eaten a good meal since breakfast yesterday morning at Rosie’s Café.
Greg joined her, and they both ate in silence for a few minutes.  Finally, he broke into her thoughts.  “So where were you yesterday?  Which way did you come from?
“Well,” she hesitated.  “I spent the night just outside Cold Creek…the night before last, that is.”
“You mean at the motel there?”  He looked puzzled.
“No, I slept in my car on a side road,” she said quietly.
“Oh,” he said simply and took another bite of pancake.  “You know, I’m sorry, but I think I’m really confused.”  He put down his fork and looked directly into her eyes.  “Are you trying to hide from someone?  Or are you in some kind of trouble?”
“Look.”  She stared right back at him.  “I don’t know who you are.  You could be one of them for all I know.”
Still looking back at her, he asked, “One of them?  Them who?”
“Okay, I really do appreciate you helping me and feeding me breakfast and all, but if you could just help me get back to the highway safely, I’ll be on my way.”  She pushed her plate away.
“Finished?”
“Yes, thank you.”
Greg cleared the table and began putting things away.  Janet wandered back to the front window and gazed outside.  The morning had ushered in blue skies and wonderful sunshine.  She stepped out onto the porch.  Shad followed and stood next to her, almost expecting to go somewhere.  The breeze had picked up.  It still had a nip to it but felt good nonetheless.  Janet wished she could float away on that breeze to somewhere far away and safe and just forget about her dilemma then she snapped back into reality again and chided herself.  “I can’t forget about Sally.”
“Who’s Sally?”  Greg was standing in the doorway.
Startled, Janet turned around.  “Sally?”
“Yeah, you said, ‘I can’t forget about Sally.’  So who’s Sally?”  He kept watching her.  “Can’t be that imaginary sister because you told me you don’t have a sister.”
Janet just stood there then started to cry.  Her body shook as she tried to explain all that had happened, though none of it was intelligible.  Amidst her gestures and animation, Greg listened until she ran out of steam and stood there, sobbing.  He led her back inside and sat her down at the small table, giving her a cloth to wipe her face.  Shad sat down at her side as if to say, “I’m here to help too.”  She absently patted his head as Greg draped a flannel shirt around her shoulders before sitting down too.  Janet had calmed down enough to speak more coherently but continued to suck in gulps of air in the process.  “I just don’t know what I’m going to do,” she kept saying over and over again.
Greg stared at the window for a moment then asked her, “So would you say your car is silver or gray?”
“W-what?” she sniffed and blew her nose. “My car?”
“Yeah, your car.  Silver or gray?”
“I...I...I don’t know, gray I guess, but what does that…”
“So do I,” he interrupted her.  Getting up, he walked to the front window and stood there, staring outside.
“Were you listening to anything I was saying?”  Janet was now exasperated.  She had just spent the better part of the past ten minutes pouring out her heart in great detail about the party and the men following her and the old man and Rosie.  Wasn’t he even listening?  “What does the color of my car have to do with anything?” she demanded.
“Maybe nothing.  Maybe something.  I’m not sure.”
“What are you talking about?”  Janet asked firmly.  “You know something, don’t you?”  Now Janet was standing, and she marched over to Greg.  “Tell me!”
“Everything will be okay, don’t worry.”
“Don’t worry?  Don’t worry!”  The tears were gone.  Anger had reared its head again, and she was in no mood to be placated.
“I’ve got a CB radio here in the cabin and another one in my jeep.”  His voice was matter-of-fact.  
"A CB?" she asked.
"Citizen's band radio…a CB."
"Oh," she replied, anxious to know where this sudden turn in the conversation was headed.  
Greg continued, “All day yesterday, I kept picking up some chatter between some guys.  They kept talking about a ‘Gray Lady.’ I didn’t pay much attention at first, but then a voice had come on later in the day that I did recognize.”
“Who was it?”  Janet wanted to know.
“The sheriff.”
“The sheriff?” she repeated.
“Yeah,” he looked at her.  “The sheriff.”  He stood there for a moment then headed outside and descended the steps toward his jeep.  “Maybe I should take another listen.”
“Why don’t you use the radio in here?”  Janet, still standing on the porch, gestured at the cabin.
“I’ll just be a few minutes,” he replied and stepped up into the driver’s seat.  “Just wait there.”
Shad had wandered outside and stood next to Janet, watching Greg intently.  He didn’t like being left behind if Greg were going somewhere.  But since Janet was still standing here, he seemed to be content to wait with her.  Janet, in the meantime, had pulled on the flannel shirt.  Even though the sun was up, she was still cold.  She had no idea what altitude they were at, but the brisk mountain air was giving her goose bumps.
The radio began to crackle with static.  Greg kept adjusting the frequency until he apparently found something to listen to.  Janet could hear sounds but couldn’t make out what was being said.  He had turned down the volume but was very interested in the conversation he had picked up.
“Rover One.  Rover One.  This is home base.  Do you read?  Over.”
“This is Rover One.  Over.”
“What’s your position? Over.”
“Taking the A-40 cutoff through to Pinewood.  We’ll circle back to the highway and head back south from the summit. Over.”
“Roger.  We’ll head north and meet you at the old mine road and go pay Danes a visit. He might have seen something.  Over and out.”
“10-4.”
Greg switched off the radio and hopped out of his jeep.  In seconds, he was back on the porch grabbing Janet by the hand pulling her inside.
“What’s going on?”  Janet asked, suddenly unnerved by his behavior.
“We need to get you outta those clothes.”
“I beg your pardon!”  She was incensed.
“Well, would you prefer to traipse around these hills in that party getup, or would you rather put on some warm clothes and real shoes?”
“Traipse around…”
He cut her off.  “We don’t have a lot of time to debate the issue.  You’ve got about thirty seconds to make up your mind!”
Janet stood frozen for fifteen of those thirty seconds while Greg dug through a duffle bag at the foot of one of the beds.  He yanked out a pair of dark green pants and some boots, looking much the same as his, and in about the same condition.  Further digging produced a couple of pairs of thick socks.
“Put these on,” he ordered and tossed the clothes at her.  “I’ll wait outside.  But you’ve only got two minutes and I’ll be back in to see how you’re doing.”  With that, he left the cabin, closing the door behind him.  “One minute and thirty seconds!” he hollered back at her through the closed door.  
Janet wasted no time getting out of her dress and into the pants.  She put the flannel shirt back on and buttoned it up.  Sitting down on the bed, she pulled on a pair of the socks and started to put on one of the boots, when Greg startled her by bursting back through the door.  
“Times up!  Let’s get moving!”  
“I need a belt or something.  The pants won’t stay up!”
“I’ll get you a belt.  Put on the boots.  Hurry up!”
“What’s going on?  What’s happening?” Janet demanded, hopping on one boot-clad foot.
“Stick around much longer and you’ll find out!”  Greg rummaged through the bag again while Janet struggled with the other boot.
“They’re too big.”
“Put on the extra pair of socks.  Come on!  Let’s go!”  He pulled an adjustable cloth belt from the bag and handed it to Janet who had yanked both boots off and hurried to get the extra socks on.
“I don’t have the boots on!”
“Bring them with you...and those party clothes too!”
Janet grabbed the boots as Greg yanked her to her feet and headed for the door.  She snatched up her dress and party shoes, running to catch up.  He took one last look around the cabin, then shut the door and headed for the jeep.
“Aren’t you going to lock it?”
“Nobody locks their doors around here.  Too suspicious if you do.”
“Huh?”
“Get in your car.”
“My car?  I don’t have my keys!”
Greg fished in his shirt pocket and tossed the keys at her.  “Follow me!”  He jumped in his jeep.  Shad was already in the passenger seat and ready to go.
Janet ran around to her car, fumbling with her keys, and hopped in.  Starting the engine, she pulled away from the cabin and began to follow Greg farther up into the hills.  The dirt road became narrow again and was getting more difficult for her little car to negotiate.
They had only driven about a quarter mile when Greg came to a stop and jumped out of the jeep, the engine still running.  He grabbed a canvas bag from the back and walked over to her car, motioning for her to get out.  
Janet obliged but demanded, “Now what are we doing?”
“We are going to hide this car of yours, that’s what.”
“Why?  What is going on?”
Without a word, Greg jumped into her car and drove it through some trees, disappearing from view.  Though the sound had become faint, she could tell he had shut off the engine, but he was definitely taking his time getting back to her.  In the meantime, she decided to get into the jeep with Shad, who was still waiting patiently in the front passenger seat.  He didn’t seem all that interested in giving it up, so she climbed into the backseat, turning around to watch for Greg.  She grew increasingly concerned about the time it was taking for him to return, but eventually he did with the canvas bag in one hand and a large branch from a pine tree in the other.  He was walking backward swishing it around here and there apparently to cover the tracks of her car.  
Flinging it beneath a large drooping pine tree, he tossed the bag in the backseat next to Janet and hopped into the jeep, putting it into gear.  With a jerk, they lurched forward and continued up the narrow dirt road.


Chapter 7


Eventually, Greg had to slow down.  Carefully, they made their way along the bumpy, little-traveled road.  It was steep in some places, and with the frequent bumps and jerks, Janet held on tight to avoid being tossed out.  All the while, Shad maintained his position in the front seat, hanging on for dear life.  Janet glanced at the bag Greg had tossed next to her.  It was bulging.  With one hand, she tried to take a look inside.  Managing to lift one edge of the opening, she could see her party dress and her stupid shoes—and to think she had spent four hours looking for those “just right” shoes for the “just right” dress that now lie wadded up in the bag.  At a glance, she could see that all the other items were things from her car.  He must have grabbed what he could see and shoved them in the canvas bag.  She saw her car registration and insurance papers and things from her trunk.  It was obvious he tried to eliminate as much identifiable information as possible from her car, including her license plates!  No wonder he had taken so long!
“You stripped my car!” she shouted above the noise of the jeep’s engine.
“Not nearly well enough though!” he shouted back.
Janet didn’t know if she should be afraid or grateful that Greg was hauling her farther into the mountains.  What if he was planning on doing something besides protecting her?  What if this was all an elaborate scheme to capture her and turn her over to those other guys?  What if...  
Greg pulled the jeep around so it sat crosswise on the trail then put the gear in neutral but set the brake.  He got out and stretched.  Shad jumped out too and ran for the nearest tree.  Janet just sat until Greg invited her to get out and stretch her legs.
“We have a ways to go, so you might as well stretch out the kinks and take care of any other business.”
“What other business?”
He just smiled and wandered off a distance out of sight.
Shad ran around marking a few trees then ran back to Janet, his tail wagging.  He barked once and she immediately told him to shush!  “No barking,” she instructed him, putting her index finger to her lips.  Then she smirked at the idea that a dog would know what that meant.
Greg wandered back.  “Are we all set?”
“I guess.”
“You sure?  We’re going to be driving for a while.  We still have a ways to go.”
“Well, in the first place, I’m not all that experienced at marking trees.” She gave him a “look,” to which he laughed.  “And in the second place, where the heck are we going?”
Greg walked around to the back of his jeep and rummaged through a few things, finally producing a small roll of tissue.  He walked back to Janet and handed it to her, which made her blush for an instant.  “As for your question, we are going to drive to the top of this mountain.” He smiled at her.  “We don’t have a lot of time, so I’d hurry up if I were you.”
Embarrassed, Janet wandered in a different direction behind a thicket of trees and undergrowth.  A moment or two later, she heard Greg rev up the engine, which she determined was a signal to get back.  She covered things up with pine needles and ran back to the jeep, finding Shad in the backseat this time.  He didn’t look too pleased, if that were possible.
Janet climbed into the front passenger seat, instinctively reaching for the seat belt…that didn’t exist!
“Where’s the seat belt?” she asked loudly over the roar of the engine.
“Oh, sorry about that!” he yelled back as he put the vehicle in gear.  “Just hang on!”
“To what?” she hollered back as the jeep lurched forward.  She grabbed at whatever she could to keep from bouncing out of the jeep.
He laughed at the sight of her, reaching for various parts of the vehicle, finally hanging on to the left side of her seat and the roll bar over her head.
“How much farther?” she hollered again.
“We have to get to the top of this hill!”
“Why?”
“To get better reception!”
“Why?” she asked again, to which he gave her a look indicating she needed to think twice before asking a dumb question.  Janet remained quiet for the next twenty minutes, hanging on as Greg continued to guide his jeep to the top of the hill.
They finally reached a crest, and Greg switched off the engine, setting the brake and leaving it in gear as an extra precaution.  Shad jumped out again and started to chase around the trees, doing his “thing,” but Greg remained in his seat and began to fiddle with the radio.  It crackled to life as he tuned it to a particular frequency. 
“…and A-40 is clear.  Heading south.  ETA, fifteen minutes. Over.”
“Roger.  Hey, did you talk to Danes yet?  Over.”
“Rover two is headed that way.  Over.”
“What’s his ETA?  Over.”
“About five minutes, I think.  Over.”
“Roger that.  Out!”
More static but there was no more conversation.  Greg switched off the radio.
“Who’s Danes?”  Janet hesitated to ask.
“That would be me,” Greg answered dryly.  Then looked at Janet.  “My last name.” 
“Oh,” she replied then hesitated to ask another dumb question.  “Who were we just listening to, and why do they want to talk to you?”
“Well, like I said yesterday, one of those guys is the sheriff.  I think I recognized another voice as one of his deputies.  As for the others I’ve heard, I have no idea at the moment other than they sound like kids.”  Stepping out of his jeep, he gazed out between the trees then motioned for Janet to follow, and together they walked through the trees to an opening where they could take in the vista.  Below lay a wide-open valley, mostly rangeland. She could see a cluster of little buildings in a couple of places, but not much else.
Greg pointed, and she followed his gaze.  “See those buildings down there?”
Janet squinted. “Yes.”
“That’s Cold Creek.”
“It is?  It looks so tiny.” Janet peered out again.  “So where’s the road?”
“It’s that line.” He motioned with his finger.  “Keep watching. You may see a vehicle on it.  It’ll just look like a tiny ant crawling along.”
Janet looked but couldn’t see anything.  But then she had driven on that road for several hours the other day and didn’t see any other cars then either.  However, she did see a skinny little line heading east out of Cold Creek.  “Is that a road too?”  She pointed to the road.
“The one out of Cold Creek?  Yeah.”  He seemed annoyed somehow.
“Where does it go?”
“The Quail Club.” 
Janet remembered seeing a sign about the Quail Club.  “What’s the Quail Club?”
Greg didn’t answer.  Instead he headed back to the jeep.  “We need to get going.  Come on, Shad.”  His dog trotted after him and jumped into the front seat.  “Get in the back, boy,” Greg motioned.  Reluctantly Shad did as he was told.
Janet hurried to the passenger side and got in.  “Now where are we going?”
“Hopefully someplace safe.”
“Someplace safe?” she queried Greg as he eased the jeep into gear.  “What exactly is going on?  Does this have anything to do with those guys that were following me the day before?”
“What guys?”  He slammed on the brakes, tossing Shad into the floor in the back.  “Sorry, pal,” he apologized to his dog.  Then looking back at Janet, he said, “You never said anything about being followed.”
“Yes, I did!” she insisted.  I told you everything that happened to me, standing there on your porch, crying my eyes out!  Weren’t you even paying attention?”
“Oh then.” He remembered her hysterical and unintelligible story. “Sorry, but I really couldn’t understand a thing you were saying.” He apologized.  “Tell me again, only more slowly, and just the basics.”
Janet made a face at him but recounted her previous days’ adventures the best she could, without too much unwanted detail, while Greg drove over the hillcrest and began heading down the other side.
“What color was their car again?”
“Dark blue.”
“How many guys?”
“Three!”  She was exasperated.  “Weren’t you listening to anything I just said...again?”
“Yes, I was listening.” The jeep bounced over a large rock, tossing everyone in the air momentarily.  “I’m just trying to piece some things together, that’s all.”
“Piece what things together?”
Greg didn’t answer.  He drove on in silence. It was obvious he was thinking about something, and Janet decided it was probably better to remain quiet, at least for the time being.  Just the same, she was becoming increasingly uneasy.  Although she had decided to trust Greg, to some degree, there was still something she couldn’t quite put her finger on.
They drove on in silence for nearly thirty minutes over the rugged terrain at one point losing the “road” completely…at least Janet thought so.  Greg, however, seemed to know exactly where he was headed because he never hesitated when making a slight change in direction from time to time.  Actually, there weren’t many options in that regard; even so, he never consulted a map or acted unsure of his whereabouts. 
Another bounce and they reached a more level area that had been cleared out.  Greg pulled up and shut off the engine.  “We’re here” was all he said.
“Here where?”  Janet was confused, looking around.  
Greg simply pointed ahead and up the side of the hill.  Janet looked and was astonished at what she saw.  A tiny shack clung to the mountainside, nearly obscured by trees.  It looked barely large enough for the two of them to stand side by side in, let alone hang out in for any period of time.
“Let’s go,” Greg said as he grabbed a few things and headed up the slope.  
“Are we staying up there?”
“Yup.  Grab that bag from the backseat.”
“But it’s just a shed!”
“Come on!” he called back to her.  “Grab your stuff!” he repeated.
Shad ran ahead and was already standing on the tiny porch, if you wanted to call it that.  Greg was close behind.  Janet struggled with the heavy canvas bag and followed.  It was steep, and she had to hang on to a couple of low-hanging tree branches to help pull herself up the hill.  Loose rocks tumbled down behind her in the process.  Panting from the thin mountain air, she finally reached the porch.  Greg offered his hand and helped her up, taking the bag from her.  Shad was wagging his tail and seemed completely happy with the adventure.  Greg then swung the door open, and Shad disappeared inside without hesitation.  Apparently he’d been here before, she thought.
Janet took a moment to catch her breath then turned around to take a look at the view over the treetops.  
“I’ve heard of mountain getaways, but this is ridiculous!”  
Greg laughed and then held the door for her and suggested she step inside and sit down.  
“I’ve been sitting,” she insisted.
“I know, but it won’t be quite so bumpy this time. Besides, the air is thin up here.  You need to take it easy for a while.”  He smiled at her as she stepped past him and through the doorway.  But what greeted her made her gasp!  Talk about illusion!  As her eyes adjusted to the dim light, she discovered that the tiny cabin was really quite spacious.
“Not bad, huh?”  Greg laughed and put the bag down.  Janet appeared to be in a state of shock.  “It goes back into the hillside,” he said simply and then walked over to a small table, much like the one in his cabin down the hill below.  There he lit a small lantern but kept it dim.  “It’s about fifteen feet deep and eight feet wide, I think.”
Janet now observed that the walls had been paneled in wood, probably pine.  Just like in his other cabin there were two cots against the back wall.  Between them was a door, probably to a closet, she thought.  A worn rug of some kind was in the middle of the floor and a wood stove was positioned up near the front door and next to a small window, the only window, so the stovepipe could lead outside to vent.
“It’s... interesting” was all Janet could say at first as she slowly walked to the table to sit down.
“That it is!”  Greg chuckled and then said, “I hope you like cold beans.”
“That’s fine,” she mumbled, not really listening still looking around.
“I’ll start a fire in the stove after it gets dark.  It gets cold up here at night.”
“Okay,” she responded absently.
Moments later, Greg placed a bowl of pork and beans in front of her and handed her a metal fork.  It had a bent prong on it, and he quickly traded it with his, apologizing.  Janet poked her fork in the beans and then asked, “I thought you were going to start a fire.  Couldn’t these be warmed up first?”
“Like I said, I am going to start a fire, but not until after dark, so... uh... no, we’re having cold beans for dinner.”  He just looked at her and waited for her inevitable response.
“Okay,” Janet plopped her fork down.  “What’s going on?  You have been very mysterious in spite of helping me... at least I guess you’re helping me.”  Janet stood up but continued, “I’ve been very patient with all of this sneaking around and wearing these horrible clothes and boots that do not fit!”  Now she began to pace back and forth. “It’s time you start telling me your story.  Who are you?  What do you do on this mountain?  Where do you work?  Or are you some kind of hermit that just lives in a stupid cabin, listening to a CB radio and getting a kick out of... out of... I don’t know... out of whatever it is you are doing!”  She was now nearly breathless but had one last thing to say: “Tell me what’s going on and tell me now!”  She slammed her fist on the table, making her bowl jump and Shad leap to his feet with a bark.
“Easy boy,” Greg calmed his dog and told him to lie down again.  Then looking at Janet, he said, “You need to eat your dinner.”
“I’ll eat when I’m good and ready!  First, you tell me what’s going on.”  She had calmed down, but not much.
“Eat your beans and I’ll tell you what you need to know.”  Greg took another bite of his and stared at Janet until she finally sat down.  But she didn’t eat.  “Fine,” he consented.  “I’ll start talking, but you still need to eat something.”
Janet picked up her fork and poked a couple of beans, holding them up and looking at them for a moment before easing them into her mouth.  A grimace and a frown brought a laugh from Greg and a glare right back at him from Janet.
“Okay,” he began. “Remember, I mentioned that the guys on the CB were talking about a ‘Gray Lady’?”
“Yes.”
“Well, I generally listen to the CB a couple of times a day, just to hear what’s going on around the area...kinda for kicks, you know?”
“Mm-hmm.”
“Well, two days ago, I picked up on some interesting conversation about a ‘Gray Lady’ headed north and how they lost sight of her near Cummings Summit.” He paused, looking at her, then continued, “There are a lot of little side roads all along the main highway before and after Cummings Summit, but I didn’t think much about the chatter until later in the day when they seemed to be getting a little desperate to find this ‘Gray Lady.’  But by then, it was getting dark, and everyone involved decided to give it a rest and start up at first light the next morning,” Greg stopped to take another bite as Janet remained silent picking at her beans but taking in every word.
Greg continued, “So I decided I’d check in again the next morning just to find out how their search was going.  And that’s what I did.  Except, over night the sheriff seemed to have gotten a whole lot more bothered by the fact that this ‘lady’ hadn’t been found.  His tone seemed more hostile than he usually sounds when I listen to his chatter.  Most of the time, he’s just a frustrated, bumbling, small-town sheriff,” Greg finished his beans and sat back.
“So anyway, I decided I’d head on out to the main highway just to see what was going on and where everyone was looking.  Maybe I could help.  That’s when I ran into you.  You were a ‘lady,’ driving a ‘gray’ car, and looking mighty scared.  Somehow, though, you didn’t seem like a threat to anyone, so... well, instead of checking in with the sheriff, I decided to find out what I could about you first.  And, well...you know the rest.”
“Yes,” Janet replied slowly.  “I know the rest, I guess.”  She paused and then asked, “So why haven’t you contacted the sheriff to tell him you found me?  You think I’m that ‘Gray Lady’ they’re all talking about, right?  What if it's some old lady with gray hair.”
“I suppose it could be, but I doubt it.”
“Why?”
“I just do, that’s all.”  Greg got up and took his empty bowl to a small washtub on the makeshift kitchen counter.  Janet got up and walked to the small front window.  Greg put her half-eaten bowl of beans on the floor for Shad to clean up and then joined her at the window.
“You’re not being completely honest with me,” she said without looking at him.  He stood close to her, and she could feel the warmth of his body as the room was getting colder.  She shivered involuntarily.
“Just a little while longer and I’ll get a fire going in that old stove.”
“Why are you protecting me?” Janet turned to look at him.  “Shouldn’t I want to talk to the sheriff?  I mean maybe he’s seen my friend, Sally.  Shouldn’t I at least try to find out?”
“In answer to your last two questions, probably not.”  With that, he walked over to a shelf and picked up a pair of binoculars…big ones.  
“Now what are you going to do?” Again a stupid question, she decided, with one look from him.  “Okay, what are you going to look at?” She rephrased the question.
He didn’t answer right away, but instead stepped out on the tiny porch and began gazing through the glasses, slowly scanning in a south-to-north sweep, hesitating a couple of times, and refocusing the lenses.  Then he slowly retraced his motion back to the south.  Finally, offering the glasses to Janet, he asked, “You want to take a look?”
She reached for the binoculars and had to grab them with both hands because they were heavy.  Trying to steady them, she attempted to do what Greg just did, not really knowing what to look at.  “I just see a lot of sky, and mountaintops.” Then dipping them, she said, “Whoa!  Big tree!”  Pulling them away from her face, she made a cross-eyed face and shook her head.  Greg laughed and then offered to help.  Standing behind her, the warmth of his strong body felt really good as he wrapped his arms around her to help steady the glasses.  
“Now what do you see?”
Janet swung the glasses as far south as she could.  Several shorter tree-covered hills were between their mountain and the far end of the valley, but at this altitude, they were able to see over them.  “Oh, uhhh...a couple of small buildings...no, several buildings...and a road.  Wait!  That looks like...a town.  What town?”  She lowered the glasses, waiting for Greg to answer.
He took a look and then answered, “Cold Creek.”
“Cold Creek?”  She was astonished.  “But shouldn’t it be farther away than that?”  She frowned.  “I mean, I drove forever, it seemed.  I only went that far?  That’s it?”
“As I recall,” he answered, gazing through the glasses again, “you took time to stop and get gas, eat breakfast, pull over to the side of the road a couple of times.”
“Only once,” she corrected him.
“Okay, only once, and then took a side road scenic trip up into the hills.”  He lowered the glasses but continued to stare out across the valley.
“I guess you do remember stuff when you want to,” she glared at him, but he didn’t notice.  “Can I look again?” she asked.
He stood behind her again and helped her lift the heavy binoculars.  This time, she looked in the other direction.  “Wow, I see smoke.”  She said with some concern.
“Really.  Let me take a look.”  Pulling the glasses from her, he stepped aside for a moment, and Janet moved over to give him some space.  “Interesting” was all he said then walked back inside and put the glasses back on the shelf.  Shad raised his head from his cozy spot on the rug, then lowered it again, but kept his eyes on his master.  
Janet was beginning to feel chilled.  “So is it still too early to start a fire in the stove?”
“Change of plans.”
“Excuse me?”
“Change of plans,” he repeated.
“But I thought…”
“Grab your stuff.”
“What?”
“Do I have to repeat everything I say?”
“No,” she shot back at him, “but you could explain things better to begin with!”
“I’ll explain later.”
“Oh, sure.  Later.”  Janet was sarcastic.  She walked over to her bag and picked it up, then started for the cabin door.
“Not that way.”
“What?”  She turned to see what Greg meant.  As she did so, he opened the closet door and stepped in.  “Now what are you doing?”
“Are you coming or not?”
“Coming where?  What good will it do to stand in a closet?”  She was exasperated.  “What is it, some kind of elevator that will whisk us down the mountain?”
“Not exactly, but I’d hurry up and make up my mind if I were you.”  There was a sense of urgency in his voice.
Janet walked to the closet and peered inside.  Greg reached up high and touched something.  She heard a faint click then the back wall swung inward.  She squinted and took a step closer.  Greg pulled out a flashlight and turned it on, aiming it through the opening.  Janet stood frozen as she stared into the cavity.  “A tunnel?”


Chapter 8


It was getting darker up on the mountainside, and the valley below was already in the shadows of the highest peaks, but Janet was unaware of the passing of time right now as she and Greg moved back through the mountain.
“Is this a natural tunnel?” she asked finally.
“Mostly,” he answered.  “Someone opened it up a little there at the entrance and built that cabin to conceal it years ago.”
“Who does this belong to then? You?”
“Not exactly.  Shad and I found it one time while we were out hunting.  It looked abandoned, so we cleaned it up and fixed it so we could use it from time to time.  Everything is always just as we leave it when we come back, so I don’t think anyone else really knows about it.”
“Nobody?”  Janet asked, stopping. 
“No, I don’t think so.  Especially not the tunnel,” he answered then added, “We have to keep moving.”
“I don’t think I want to.”  Janet began taking a step backward.
Now Greg had stopped.  “That wouldn’t be a good idea.  It’s dark, and you could stumble and fall or take a wrong turn and find yourself lost at a dead end.  It’s better if you follow me.”  He walked back toward her.
She took another step backward.  “Please take me back to the cabin.” She was frightened and had no idea how any of this was going to help her find Sally.  “I really need to find my friend.  She could be hurt.  Please,” Janet pleaded, “just take me back.”
“I can’t do that right now.” He walked back to her and took her arm.  “We’ll go later.  You have to trust me.”
“Why?  Why should I trust you?”  She stiffened.  “All you’ve done is haul me up to the top of this mountain and now you are taking me into the depths of it!”  She paused.  “You don’t answer my questions.  You haven’t told me what you do... in these mountains... all year long!”
“I haven’t always lived in these mountains, and I don’t live here all year long,” he countered.
“So where did you used to live?  What did you used to do then?”  She was demanding answers and wasn’t going to move until she got them.
“Okay.  Okay!” he snapped back. “If you must know, I used to be a partner in a law firm.”
“You?  A lawyer?  I’ll bet!”
“Yeah, a lawyer!”
“And now you live on a mountain.  Yeah, that makes a whole lot of sense.”  Janet wasn’t buying it.
“I got fed up with all the stupid issues... people looking to make money through all kinds of litigations...always having to answer to someone else, even though I was a partner...”
“Yeah, so why not open your own practice?  Why come live on a mountain with a dog and drive a dirty jeep?” She challenged him adding, “And dress in grubby clothes?” 
“I needed to get away and clear my head.  I needed a change.  Satisfied now?”
“Not entirely.  And it still doesn’t explain what we’re doing in a cave!” Her raised voice angrily echoed throughout the cavern.
“You don’t have to yell!” he yelled back, his voice also echoing.  “I will explain, but not here in the tunnel,” he responded in a quieter voice.  “There is a larger area up ahead where we can be more comfortable and get warm.  You would like to warm up, wouldn’t you?
Actually she would.  “Yes, I want to get warm, but I don’t think I trust you right now any more than those creeps out there,” she said, gesturing emphatically.  
Greg looked at her for a moment then simply said, “We need to keep going.”   With that, he turned and continued heading down the passageway.
Janet hesitated, but as the blackness quickly enveloped her, she hurried to catch up to Greg and his light, not knowing what else she could do at the moment.  His reasoning about getting lost was also another incentive since she had no flashlight of her own—and whose idea was that?  “Do you have an extra flashlight?”
“Yes, but not on me.  I’ll get you one when we get to the nest.”
“Nest?”
“You’ll see.”
“A nest is for birds.”
“A nest is for whoever needs one.”
Greg showed the light on the walls of the tunnel and the random wider openings, revealing interesting colors and patterns, cautioning her to duck here and there to avoid hitting her head on a low-hanging area.
“It’s hard to believe that nature did all this,” she remarked in a quieter voice.
“Well, it didn’t happen overnight.  Takes thousands of years to make a cavern and tunnel system like this,” he commented as he picked his way along.  “This is limestone.  Water comes from the surface and trickles down through the ground.  Carbon dioxide is dissolved in it and, combined with the water, makes a mild acid solution that eats away at the limestone.”
“How do you know so much about it?”
“A friend of mine is a spelunker.”
“A what?”
“A spelunker.  Someone who likes to explore caves as a hobby.”
“Oh,” she replied casually, but a few steps farther and around a bend, Janet said oh again but with more expression as she caught her first sight of a large chamber they had just entered.  “It’s beautiful!” It was all she could say as Greg shone his light around.  Brilliant reds and oranges met her eyes.  She was momentarily speechless.
“These are stalactites,” he said as he played the light on several large cone-shaped rock formations suspended from the ceiling.  “And these are call stalagmites,” he continued pointing out the cone shapes that had built up on the floor.  Janet was impressed.  “Over there is what they call flowstone.  See how it looks like a river of rock?”
“Uh-huh,” Janet replied with her mouth hanging open.
“Come on, it’s not much farther.”  Greg led her a short distance farther, circling the large chamber, along a narrow ledge, then continued deeper into the mountain.
Eventually, they turned and entered a larger tunnel, but it appeared to be man-made.  A few steps more it widened into a room and seemed to dead end.  “Who made this?” Janet asked.
“Not sure, but probably some miners did many years ago.”
“Miners?  Did they find gold in here?”
“Another question I don’t have an answer to.  If we didn’t have a few other things on our minds, we could look for some.”  He smiled, trying to lighten the conversation, and turned on a battery-powered lantern, sitting it on top of a plastic crate, adjusting the brightness. 
“No thanks.” She smiled back.  “I’d just like to get warm.”  She folder her arms across her chest.
“I can take care of that.”  Greg walked over to a footlocker and pulled out a large blanket.  “Here you go.”  He tossed it in her direction.
“A blanket?” she asked dryly. “That’s it?  I was hoping for another kind of heat.”
“I know, but that will have to do for now.  Sorry,” he apologized.  “In the meantime, I’m going to go back and listen to the radio.  I want to know what’s happening now.”  He gathered up the flashlight and his bag.  “You don’t mind waiting here, do you?”
“Wait?  Here?  Alone?”
“I won’t be long.”
“Why can’t I come too?” She started toward him.
“I won’t be long.  Shad can stay with you.”  He called to his dog, “You stay here, boy.  Just stay.  Good boy.”  With that Greg hurried back into the tunnel and disappeared into the darkness.  Janet stood watching Greg, and his light disappear down the shorter tunnel and into the main one.  She listened until she couldn’t hear his footsteps crunch-crunch on the graveled walkway any longer.  The quiet was deafening.  
Shad whimpered a little.  Janet stroked his head and called to him to follow her back inside the room.  He hesitated, still watching the passageway, obviously anxious to run after his master.  Janet called to him again.  Finally, he walked over to her and sat down as she picked up the blanket and wrapped it around her.  Finding an extra crate, she put it next to Shad and sat down too.  Together they huddled, Janet gently stroking his head and telling him repeatedly what a good boy he was.  At the same time, she took stock of her surroundings and began wondering why Greg would have put so much stuff back in this room if he hadn’t planned on using it.  There were several crates of items, some with cooking items, others with food packets and cans.  A case of bottled water was sitting on top of another crate.  
“So, Shad,” she quietly addressed the dog, “what does your master really do?  Hmm?”
Shad looked up at her after hearing his name.  Janet smiled at him and continued to stroke his head but decided to continue to keep up her guard, if that were possible.  She shook her head in a measure of disbelief as she wondered how she ever got into such a precarious situation.  
“How did I let myself get stuck in a mountain cave with a dog and a strange man?” she wondered out loud.
Time passed slowly for Janet and Shad as they waited for Greg to return.  She had no idea what time it actually was or even how much time had passed without a watch or her cell phone.  Her cell phone.  Where was it?  She dug around in the bag of stuff Greg had collected from her car, but couldn't find it anywhere.
Now she worried again and it seemed like Greg was taking far too much time getting back.  Shad had lain down but kept his eyes on the opening to the tunnel.  Every once in a while, he’d rise up and cock his head to listen then lie down again.  Janet became aware of a steady drip-drip that could be heard faintly out in the darkness.  It made a hollow, echoing sound.  Nature was still carving out the cavern—drip by drip.  During this time she had more time to think about her circumstances.  She kept wondering who those three men had been and if, by any chance, they were the same three guys that had taken Sally.  But why follow her?  If they were so worried about her showing up in that little town, why not just grab her?  They had opportunity, she thought.  Three guys against one woman.
“I’m, hungry,” Janet said aloud.  Shad lifted his head and watched Janet.  “You hungry too, boy?”  She stood up and walked over to the other plastic crates and began rummaging through them.  He stood up too, then turned around and walked back over to the opening, cocking his head, and listening.
Janet straightened up and looked over at him.  “You hear something, Shad?”
He looked back at her and whimpered a little, then stared back into the darkness.  Janet walked over and squatted down next to him, listening as well.
“I don’t hear anything,” she whispered to him.
He whimpered again and gave a little throaty growl.  
Janet was suddenly frightened.  “Come on back in here, Shad,” she urged him, stepping back into the room, but he wouldn’t budge, still letting out a quiet, low growl, now and then.  “Shad!” she whispered more sternly. Finally, Janet picked up the lantern and walked back over to Shad, squatting down again to listen.  He was still alert to something that she could not hear.  Impulsively, Janet turned down the lantern until it was just a dim glow, ready to turn it off altogether, if necessary, to conceal her whereabouts.  She just hoped Shad didn’t start barking!
He continued to whimper now and again and occasionally twitched as if ready to take off in an instant.  Janet took hold of his collar to keep him from doing just that.  Even so, she was afraid that his whimpering might be heard.  And there were absolutely no guarantees that it would only be Greg coming back.
“Ssshh,” she whispered gently next to his ear and stroked his head again, trying to keep him calm.  The steady drip-drip of water out in the cavern seemed to grow louder, although she knew it was just her imagination.  She strained to hear whatever it was Shad was hearing, still stroking his head.  He twitched again and shifted his hindquarters slightly.  Janet held tightly to his collar, but Shad seemed to be getting more excited and nervous.  She continued to listen with each drip-drip echoing its rhythmic beat.
Shad suddenly stood up and was completely alert.  He didn’t whimper, but Janet could feel his muscles twitch, and she expected him to take off at any moment, except he couldn’t see any better than she could in the inky darkness.  She did, however, think he could already hear something that she couldn’t.  He started to sniff the air but remained completely alert and ready to run, pounce, lunge, or whatever he was planning to do.
Janet waited and watched the dark passageway.  She thought she heard something herself.  If it were possible to listen harder, she did her best.  Then again, something.  Footsteps?  She kept listening, then yes.  Yes!  Footsteps!  It must be Greg coming back at last.  As the sound grew closer, she was certain it must be Greg.  His footsteps sounded different than before when he had left, but then most of the sounds she had heard in here sounded strange.  The steady crunch-crunch grew louder, and Shad grew more excited.  He whimpered some more and looked at Janet, almost as if to say, “He’s coming!  He’s coming!”
Janet kept stroking Shad’s head and whispered, “I know.  Just wait.”
At last they could see a faint glow growing brighter.  With relief, Janet blew out a breath of air and stood up, becoming just as excited as Shad to see Greg again.  The wait had been nearly unbearable.  The light and footsteps paused for a moment then continued, as someone headed straight for them.  


Chapter 9


Shad took off instantly and ran to greet Greg.  Janet waited for him to reach her and tried not to appear too eager to see him even though she was.  Shad could hardly contain his excitement, his tail wagging with great enthusiasm.  Greg gave his dog a good ear rub and repeatedly told him what a good boy he had been.  Shad stood looking down the passageway with a whimper and looked at his master.  Greg reached into his bag and produced a treat of some kind, which Shad devoured with great pleasure.  	“Good boy, Shad,” he said.  “Come on, boy.”  Shad took one more look at the passage and then followed Greg into the room.
“I think he wants to leave,” Janet remarked.
“Hmm?  Oh yeah,” Greg glanced back at the tunnel.
“Hey, I hope the wait wasn’t too bad,” he said to Janet.  “I brought some other things back for us too,” he said as he began to unload his bag.
“So,” she began, “did you hear anything?”
“Huh?”
“Did you hear anything?  On the radio?”
“Oh, uh...no, not much.”  He was placing the extra items in the crates and seemed unconcerned. 
“Nothing at all?” She sounded distrustful.  “Excuse me, but we are holed up inside a mountain, at your insistence, by the way, because there seems to be an apparent danger out there involving me!  I think you’d show a little more concern!”
“Look!” He turned to face her.  “There is an apparent danger out there, and I do think it involves you, which is why we are holed up, as you say, in this mountain!”  Now he was exasperated.  “I can’t predict when someone is going to be yakking on the radio, ya know!  They may be keeping radio silence most of the time.  I really don’t know!  You are either going to have to trust me or not.  If not, I will gladly take you back out to the cabin and you can go and do whatever you want.  You tell me.”
Janet was taken aback and then burst into tears.
“Ahh, geez,” he responded.  
Janet pulled the blanket around her shoulders more securely and walked past him to her crate and sat down, wiping her eyes and sniffing.  Shad came to her and placed his chin on her knee and sat down.  She patted his head and thanked him and said, “Good boy.”
“I am trying to help you,” Greg remarked.
“I don’t trust you!” she snapped at him, wiping her face with the blanket.  “I trust Shad.”  
“Well, what makes you think you can trust my dog?  I could give him an order and he could rip your throat out, just like that.” He snapped his fingers.
“Shad would rip my throat out.” It was a statement and not a question as she continued to pet him. 
 “Yeah, if I told him to.”
“Okay,” she challenged him, “prove it!”
“No,” he snapped back, looking annoyed.
“Yeah, like I’m so scared of Shad.  I’ll bet he would come to my defense before he’d ever think about ripping my throat out!”  She rubbed the dog’s ears and smiled at him.
“I just don’t have time to play games with you right now,” Greg defended himself.  “We’ve got other things to think about.”  He went back to his organizing. 
Janet wiped her face again and smiled, still petting Shad.  “You’re such a good boy.  You’d never hurt me, would you?  No, you like me.  In fact I think you love me, don’t you?”  Shad wagged his tail and licked her hand.  “Yes, you do.  You love me.”  She bent over and kissed the top of his head, then glanced at Greg.  He had been watching but quickly went back to his chore.
Moments later, he asked, “Are you hungry?”
“Yes.” Janet remembered she had felt hungry earlier, then repeated, “Yes, I am.  So what’s for dinner?  More cold beans?”  
“No.  I thought we’d have beef stew.  Can you handle that?” The sarcasm was thick.
“Yes, thank you,” she responded ever so politely, paused, then asked, “So do you come back in here very often?”
“Hmm?” Greg finished opening a can, without turning around.  He emptied it into a pot and then proceeded to set up a small propane camp stove.  
“You have all this stuff in here…the crates of stuff and extra food and water.  It looks like you were planning on being back in here for a while long before you brought me here.” She watched him, then continued, “Are you sure you’re not looking for gold or something?”  The question was innocent enough.  At least, she hoped it sounded that way.
Greg didn’t answer.   Instead, he asked, “Coffee?”
“No thanks.  I don’t like coffee.”
“Really.  I don’t think I’ve met anyone before who didn’t like coffee.”
“Well, now you have.” 
“How about some bottled water then?”
“Sure,” she replied.  
Greg tossed her a bottle.
“You still didn’t answer my question.” 
“Oh...well, yeah...okay.  Maybe I am going to do some looking around.”  A short while later, he announced dinner was ready.  The hot stew tasted good, and she savored every bite.  They ate in silence for a while until Greg asked, “You want some more?”
“No thanks.”  Janet sat quietly, still watching him.  “I’m sorry I’m on edge,” she finally said.
“That’s okay,” he said.  “I think we’re all on edge, even Shad.”  He rubbed his dog’s ears again.  “How about we get things cleaned up, and then we can go listen to the radio again.”
“We?” she asked, a little surprised.  “You mean all of us?”
“Sure, why not.”
Within a short while, Greg, Janet, and Shad made their way back to the tiny cabin.  The sun had dipped below the mountains and dusk had settled in.  They carefully made their way down the narrow porch steps without the use of flashlights.  Greg didn’t want to draw any attention to their whereabouts and thought that even a small pinpoint of light might give them away.
“Where’s the jeep?” Janet asked as she stepped off the porch.
“I moved it.”  Greg led Janet beyond the cabin and into some trees.  He turned on the radio, keeping the volume down.  Tuning it, he found a frequency with some chatter.  
“How can you get any reception here in the trees?” she asked.
“Ssshh,” he responded.  A conversation was in progress.
“…and found some tire tracks leading away from the cabin up into the hills.  Looks like two sets of tracks.  Could be nothing, but you never know. Also found a small packet of tissues.  I don’t think Danes uses little packets of tissues.  Over.”
“Sounds like maybe he has seen her, or at least she’s been at his place.  Was he home?  Over.”
“No.  Over.”
“He may have her with him.  Continue searching up in the hills.  Over.”
“Roger that, but it’s getting dark, and we won’t be able to track very well, even with the dogs.  Over.”
“Dogs!”  Janet whispered excitedly.
Greg motioned for her to be silent.
“Did you say you saw two sets of tracks?  Over.”
“Yes, sir.  Over.”
“She couldn’t have gotten very far with that little car of hers.  Keep looking for it.  We’ll start searching up in the hills tomorrow morning.  Over.”
“Roger.  Over and out.”
“They have dogs!” Janet whispered again.
“Yes, and a packet of tissues for a scent,” Greg added, then looked at her with a wry smile.
“Now what?” she asked.
“We wait for morning.”
“That’s it?”
“What would you suggest?”
Janet realized that there probably wasn’t much more they could do, as late as it was getting.  Then she had a thought, “Well, couldn’t we sneak down the mountain during the night and escape?”
“Sneak?” he asked.  “We’d have to walk to be sneaky.  My jeep makes quite a bit of noise, you know.”  
There was a glint of humor in his eyes, which she detected even in the growing darkness.  “Stop making fun of me!  I’m just trying to think of ways to help,” she defended herself.
“I know,” he replied with a little chuckle.  “Actually, it would be best if we got some sleep.  We will be able to think better in the morning.”
Greg switched off the radio, and the three of them walked back to the small cabin.  Momentarily, it crossed Janet’s mind that she could run and hide in the trees instead of going back into the cave with Greg.  Then he mentioned something else.  “You know,” he said, “they are aware that I have a CB radio.”
Janet stopped in her tracks.  “I never thought of that.”
“They might be giving out bad information just to throw us off.  It could be they are using some other frequencies too.  I may have to check on that.”
“Let’s go back then and listen.” Janet was eager.
“Let’s get some sleep first,” he suggested.  Then he added, “Maybe your idea isn’t such a bad one after all.”
Janet didn’t respond but was surprised at his comment.  Instead, she quietly followed Greg to their cavern room and got ready to bed down.  Greg picked up a couple of bundles of canvas and, in a few moments, had put together two army-type cots, and tossed a second blanket on one.  Janet picked up her blanket and draped it over the second cot, then sat down.  She watched Greg organize the crates against the back wall.  He then brought an empty one over and placed it between the two cots upside down, setting the lantern on it.
“There we go,” he seemed pleased with the arrangement then added, “I think one blanket should be enough for each of us.” He sat down on his cot unfolding the blanket.  “The actual temperature inside here is pretty comfortable to start with and will stay the same no matter how hot or cold it gets outside.” Then he looked at Janet still sitting on her cot.  “You gonna be okay?”
“Yes.  Yes, I think so.”  She lay down on the cot, covering up with her blanket, and tried to get comfortable.  Greg did the same.  He reached over to dim the lantern but didn’t put it out completely.
“Night,” he said and rolled over.
“Good night,” she answered back and closed her eyes.  But she didn’t go to sleep right away.  Greg, on the other hand, had begun to snore slightly after a short while.  She guessed he could sleep anywhere.


Chapter 10


“Did ya check the whole cabin?” Sheriff Wilcox asked impatiently.
“Yes, sir.”
“What about other buildings around here?  Are there any?”
“Not right here, but…”
“What about the tire tracks?  Show me the tire tracks!” the sheriff interrupted still impatient.  “Did they lead anywhere?”  The heavyset man with the badge was getting increasingly frustrated with the ongoing search.  “Dang it, Tommy, they had to go somewhere's!”
“Well, sheriff, sir, we found them over there in that loose dirt…sir.”  Tommy pointed.  He was a little slow at times but good at following directions as long as you gave them to him one or two at a time.
Walking over to the spot indicated, Sheriff Wilcox bent over looking at the tracks.  “That, there, looks like Danes' jeep tracks,” he muttered to himself.  He wasn’t necessarily surprised since they were at Greg’s cabin, and he did drive all over the place in that contraption of his.  But there was another set of tracks.  
Straightening up, he stared up the road that headed farther into the mountains.  It was mostly gravel and forest debris and not used much by others.  However, the chance of finding anything more significant would be slim, he surmised.  Still he turned and looked at the three young men who had gathered close by, waiting for further orders.
“Did any of you check up that way for any more tracks?” He pointed anyway.
Jake stepped forward a pace then stopped to answer.  You didn’t want to get too close to the sheriff when he was all churned up about something.  And he was definitely churned up about this.  “Um, well, we checked for about quarter of a mile.” 
Jake was the oldest of the three, at twenty-eight.  He shifted uncomfortably where he stood and continued, as the sheriff remained silent, still scouring the ground for any other tidbits of evidence. “And we looked as best we could from the main highway to here, but if there were any other tracks to find, they would’ve been wiped out by our own tracks.”  He glanced uneasily at his two companions, not sure what the sheriff’s reaction would be.
“Yeah,” the sheriff said, absently scratching his right eyebrow.  “Okay then.  Let’s keeping looking up this here road,” he pointed with a short thick arm.  “Keep yer eyes open for anything, ya hear?  Anything!”  He started toward his patrol car, then stopped and turned around.  “Seth!  Where’d you find them tissues?”
“Right about here, sheriff,” he hurried to the spot and pointed.  Seth was twenty-six and slightly shorter than Jake but bulkier.  He had a few freckles and dark red hair.  A former member of his high school wrestling team, he continued to work out and stay in shape.
The sheriff walked over, then bent down to look. “Here, you say?”
“Yes, sir, right about here.”
The sheriff looked up at him but didn’t say a word.  Instead, he began walking around the area, looking at the ground then called to Seth, “Come here, boy.”
Seth nervously followed, with Jake and Tommy staying at a slight distance equally curious and ready to back up their buddy.
“Careful!” the sheriff snapped.  “Come around this way.”  He drew a large arc in the air with his finger.
Seth did as he was told, and so did the other two.
“What does this look like to you?” He pointed to an area near the bottom step leading up to the cabin porch.  
“I...I’m not sure what you mean,” Seth stammered.
“This!” the sheriff hollered at him, adding a few expletives.  “Looky here!”  Again the sheriff pointed.  “What do you see?”  His fuse was definitely short this afternoon.  In fact the sheriff had been storming around all day, ever since sunup.  He had the whole county in an uproar with local volunteers participating in a manhunt for some woman he claimed had committed some kind of heinous crime.  They didn't know what, but when the sheriff was in this kind of a mood you didn't ask a lot of questions. 
Seth squatted down and took another look.  “A...A shoeprint?”  He looked up at the sheriff hopefully.
“Exactly!  And what kind of shoe?” he demanded.
“A very small one, sir.”
“Small!”  The sheriff looked disgusted.  “A very small shoe!  Take another look!”
“Well, sir, it...oh, wait.” Seth looked again.  “Maybe a woman’s shoe with a tiny high heel in the back?”
“There ya go, Seth.  See?  All ya gotta do is pay attention...and think!”  There was a slight tone of sarcasm in the sheriff’s voice.  He continued, “Now, then, who do you suppose was wearing that shoe?”
“The girl!”  Tommy seemed surprised at the sound of his own voice then stepped back behind Jake in case he was wrong.
“Why, Tommy!” The sheriff looked at him, his voice was silky smooth.  “What a genius you are!”  He glared at Jake and Seth.  “Of course it’s the girl!” he sputtered.  “And she’s probably with Danes!”  His face was red with anger.  “They are somewhere up in them hills, so find them!”  He stomped over to his patrol car and reached inside the window, jerking out the radio microphone.  
While he checked in with his deputy, Jake, Seth, and Tommy huddled together for a moment quietly discussing what they should do next until the sheriff hollered at them to get moving, which they did.  All three got into Jake’s dinged-up dark blue truck as the sheriff wildly motioned for them to head on up the road.
“How does he expect us to find anything more this late in the day?  It’ll be getting dark in a few more hours,” Jake remarked as he carefully maneuvered his truck over and around potholes, large rocks, and fallen debris.
“Yeah,” Seth agreed.  “What are we supposed to do?  Stay out here all night?”
“All night?” Tommy asked, sounding a bit worried as he pressed both hands against the dashboard trying to hang on.
“It’s okay, Tommy, we’ll be fine,” Jake reassured him, looking at Seth.  “We’ll stick together.  It’ll be fun.”
“Yeah, Tommy,” Seth reassured him, “we're a team and we stick together.”  Seth looked back at Jake, realizing that yes indeed, they probably would be spending the night in the forest.  Even so, he was much happier to be with Jake and Tommy.  He had spent most of the day with Sheriff Wilcox, listening to him bellow at everyone over the radio as they drove all over the place looking for some girl.  But it was a sure thing the sheriff wouldn’t be helping out tonight with any search.
“I bet ol’ Sheriff Wilcox will be paying Rosie a visit tonight,” Seth remarked and winked at Tommy.  He was familiar with the sheriff’s habits.  Everyone was.
“Probably,” Jake answered, not taking his eyes off the road.  
The boys rode on in silence as Jake skillfully guided his truck over the rough terrain, continually dodging rocks and larger debris.  It was slow going and they really didn’t know what to look for.  Danes’ jeep was all they figured or that girl but it was unlikely they were going to find some gal hiking in these woods wearing one high heeled shoe.
The sun was setting behind the mountain range casting more shadows in the forest.  It was definitely darker at ground level and becoming more difficult to see.  Jake turned on his headlights, which helped some but with the jostling and bouncing of the truck, even they didn’t help all that much.
“Should we turn on the CB?” Tommy finally broke the silence.
“Uh... I don’t think so, Tommy,” Jake replied.  “Do you really want to hear the sheriff holler at us some more?” He smiled and glanced at Tommy.
“No!”
Jake and Seth both laughed.  “Well, let’s just keep it off for a while longer,” Jake suggested.  “Besides, I really don’t think there will be anything to listen to until morning.”  
“Can’t we go home tonight and come back tomorrow?”  Tommy asked uneasily.
“Uh...well...no, buddy.  We’re probably gonna sleep in the woods tonight,” Jake replied, then added, “We’re gonna have a campout!  Just the three of us.  Pretty cool, huh?”  He tried to make it sound like fun.  But Tommy wasn’t so sure.
Actually, Jake wasn’t at all thrilled with the idea of spending the night in the mountains either.  He owned a filling station and grocery store in the town of Cold Creek, and being this far away from home was a concern to him.  He had purchased the business from his great Uncle Pete a year ago and liked the idea of owning his own place.  It even had a room with a pool table in it, which created a place for some of the local guys to come hang out.  His uncle still took care of the filling station, to stay busy, and helped the infrequent traveler with directions, but Jake was in charge of the grocery store…all the ordering, the stocking, keeping the books, everything.  When the sheriff requested his help, Uncle Pete had told him to go ahead, that he could take care of things while Jake was gone.  The problem was, though, that Jake had thought he’d only be gone for a few hours, not the whole day, and certainly not overnight!  His uncle would be worried, and there wasn’t any good way to get a hold of him to explain what was going on.
Explain?  Explain what?  Jake wasn’t so sure that he knew what was going on!  The sheriff had come into the store and asked if anyone had seen a young woman driving a gray car.  Uncle Pete overheard the question and stepped out of the poolroom long enough to tell the sheriff about the young woman he had watched his friend Andy help earlier that morning.  When the sheriff demanded to know which way she’d headed, Uncle Pete had simply said, “North,” then went back into the poolroom, obviously not interested in getting involved in any further conversation.  The sheriff then commandeered Jake stating he needed his help finding this woman.  The tone of his voice told Jake not to refuse.
Tommy was busy stocking shelves for Jake.  His parents were away on a two-week cruise to Mexico and had asked if their son could stay with Jake and his Uncle Pete.  Although nineteen, Tommy wasn’t as mature as most boys his age.  Jake was like a big brother to him and was happy to have Tommy stay with him.  Besides, Tommy was a good worker and liked hanging around with Jake and they could always use a little extra help around the store.  
Outside, Jake found Seth sitting in the sheriff’s patrol car.  He was closer in age to Jake and had been working at the Crocker County sheriff’s office for a few years.  The office was in Meyersville just over Cummings Summit, headed north, but the sheriff spent a lot of time in the southern part of the county.  Seth did odd jobs and cleaned up a little around the office.  
Seth’s father had left him when he was ten, and his mother had run off with some traveling salesman a couple of years later.  He had been on his own for quite some time and managed to keep out of any serious trouble, but at seventeen had tried to steal a tractor out of a farmer’s field.  The tractor ended up in a ditch, and Seth ended up in the sheriff’s office.  Instead of being turned over to the juvenile authorities, the sheriff agreed to let him work off the misdeed by helping out around the office and whatever else the sheriff needed done.  Seth had eagerly accepted.  No one wants to go to jail, but he realized too late that he was now in the sheriff’s “back pocket,” so to speak.  If he didn’t do what he was told, the sheriff threatened to turn him over to the court.
At first, Seth had been somewhat grateful that the sheriff had let him off, but over time, he had come to regret it.  There had been times he had been asked to do things he questioned, but due to the circumstances and ultimatum the sheriff had leveled, decided to keep his mouth shut and do what he was told.  This assignment, however, was different because it also involved his two friends, and he wasn’t sure if he liked that or not.  
The threesome continued to bounce and jerk their way along the dirt road.  Tommy, being wedged between Seth and Jake, continued to hang onto the dashboard.  He kept staring straight ahead not saying a word.
Jake finally broke the silence.  He looked over at Seth and asked quietly, “You worried?”
Seth hesitated for a minute then gave the expected answer, “Yeah.”
“Me too,” Jake agreed.
“You scared of the dark too, Seth?” Tommy joined in the conversation.  Then without waiting for an answer, he said, “Me too.”  His eyes remained fixed on the road ahead.
Jake and Seth exchanged glances.  No point in worrying Tommy just yet.  Jake hated to put Tommy in the middle of this, but with his folks gone, he really didn’t have much choice.  Uncle Pete liked Tommy just fine but didn’t have a lot of patience with him.  But then Tommy was Jake’s friend, not Uncle Pete’s.
Jake kept mulling over the sheriff’s comments about only wanting to talk to the driver of that gray car…just talk…no big deal.  But he sure seemed edgy about the whole thing, and he wondered why.  What was so important about finding this woman?  What had she done, really?  He also wondered how Danes fit into the picture.  He’d only returned to that cabin a couple of months ago, according to the sheriff.  Was the woman a friend of his?  Maybe she was his wife.
Jake didn’t see Greg Danes very much, but occasionally he’d come in to shoot some pool and talk to some of the old-timers.  As far as Jake was concerned, Danes was a city guy who liked to grow a beard, dress in grubby clothes, and hang out for weeks at a time at that cabin of his in the foothills.  Rumor had it that he was looking for gold in old abandoned mine shafts and caverns, but no one ever said he found any.  On a couple of occasions, Danes had been spotted driving around up in the hills with some other guy, but no one knew who he was.
The trio continued their trek deeper into the mountains.  There was no point in turning back now.  Even if they did, they were sure the sheriff was going to send them out again in the morning.  Jake hoped Uncle Pete would be okay, minding things at the store.  He also hoped the sheriff had at least let his uncle know what was going on and not to expect Jake to return anytime soon.


Chapter 11


Janet was restless.  She tossed and turned trying to get comfortable.  Her mind was actively recounting everything.  If she wasn’t awake thinking about everything, then she was dreaming about it.  Finally, she got up and walked to the opening that led to the short tunnel and out into the main part of the cave.
“Can’t sleep?”  Greg’s voice startled her, and she gasped.  “Sorry.  Didn’t mean to frighten you.”
“Oh...no.  That’s okay.  I’m just a little uneasy, I guess,” she apologized and forced a weak smile.
“I can’t say that I blame you,” he sympathized, walking over to her and draping a blanket around her shoulders.
“Thanks,” she said and smiled again.
Greg stood next to her, and together, they gazed into the darkness of the tunnel.  “There are lots of tunnels in here,” he began.  “Some of them are dead ends, and others exit the mountain in a couple of places.  But unless you know where you’re going, you’d undoubtedly get hopelessly lost in here.”
“So when will we be able to leave?”  Janet looked up at him.  He had never done or said anything to give her cause for concern. Still, she didn’t know that much about him.  Very little, actually.
“We’ll have to fire up the radio again in a couple of hours and see if we can get an idea of what’s going on down the hill.”  He sounded reassuring, sort of.  “Hey, are you still hungry?” The question caught Janet off guard.
“Hungry?”
“Yeah.  I am.  How about some oatmeal?”
“What time is it?”  Janet asked with a slight frown.
Greg looked at his watch. “Nearly eight.”
“In the morning?”  She seemed surprised.
“No.” He let out a laugh.  “In the evening.”
“I-It’s just hard to tell in here.”
“I know.”  He took her hand and led her back to her cot.  “Have a seat and I’ll whip up something.”
Janet sat down and kept the blanket wrapped around her.  She watched Greg as he pulled out some packets and a jug of water.  Lighting the small camp stove, he began heating water.  In short order, he had a couple of bowls of oatmeal ready to eat, including some hot cocoa.
“Mmm, smells good,” Janet remarked.
“Yeah, I’m a regular gourmet chef.  Give me a couple of packets of instant oatmeal, some hot water, and a sprinkle of sugar, and we’re living high!”
Janet giggled and sipped the cocoa.  “This is especially good,” she said quietly and closed her eyes for a moment, allowing the warm chocolate to slide comfortably down her throat.
“I thought you’d like that,” he smiled again and dug into his oatmeal, “since you said you don’t like coffee.”
“You’re not having any?”
“Naw, I’ll have some coffee in a minute.”
They finished their oatmeal in silence, with just the gentle hissing sound of the stove burner and the steady drip of water out in the cavern for background noise.  Janet sipped the last of her cocoa and set her bowl and cup beside her on the cot.
“You want some more cocoa?”  Greg stood up and offered to take her dishes.
“No... well, okay, maybe one more cup.”  
Greg walked back to the camp stove, and Janet stared at the tunnel opening again.  She just wanted to go home.  She wanted to find Sally first so they could both go home and forget all about this cloak-and-dagger stuff.  Janet was still tired but anxious to go listen to the radio again.
Greg was back with another cup of cocoa.  He sat down next to her as she slowly drank it.  Janet wasn’t sure about him sitting next to her but didn’t say anything.  Instead, Greg asked, “Feeling any better?”
“I...I guess.” She hesitated.  “I don’t know.  I’m very confused right now.  I just want to find Sally and go home.”
“I know,” he reassured her.  “You’ll find your friend and be able to go home.  I promise.”
“You promise?  How can you promise?”  Janet yawned.  The cocoa had evidently made her drowsy, and she was having a hard time keeping her eyes open.  She tried to get up, but Greg gently held her down.  “Just relax,” she could hear him say.
“But we need to…” she began to protest, yawning again.
“You need to rest.  Then we’ll find Sally.”
“Yes.” Her eyes were so heavy.  “Find...Sally.  Yes...”


Chapter 12


Jake, Seth, and Tommy had continued driving the narrow and now nearly invisible dirt road until they just couldn’t safely drive any farther, even with headlights.  Every once in a while, they would stop, get out and attempt to find signs of tire tracks from either Danes’ jeep or the gray compact car.  But both Jake and Seth were sure the little compact car wouldn’t have been able to make it this far. 
“See anything?” Seth had asked Jake the last time they stopped to look around.
“Not in this light.  We’re gonna have to wait until morning to be able to see anything significant.”  He looked up at the darkened sky through the high branches of pine trees.  Jake stood with one hand on the roof of his truck and glanced around.  “Let’s set up camp over there.”   He pointed to an area in a small clearing a few feet from the truck.
“You mean we’re gonna sleep out here tonight?” Tommy peered out the driver’s window.
“Remember what I said earlier, Tommy?  We’re gonna have a campout.  It’ll be fun.  You’ll see.”  Jake and Seth walked around to the back of the pickup and began pulling gear from the bed.  Jake always kept his camping gear in his truck.  He and Seth and a couple of other buddies, liked to camp on weekends, either to fish or hunt.
“Hey, Tom,” Seth called out.  “You wanna help us with this stuff?”
Tommy leaned out the driver’s side window a bit and asked, “Can I sleep in the truck tonight?”  There was a note of worry in his voice.
“Sure, Tom.” Jake smiled at his friend.  “You wait there and I’ll bring you a sleeping bag and some blankets.”
“Okay,” Tommy answered and pulled back into the cab.
Jake glanced at Seth who smiled back.  They understood Tommy and didn’t want to force him to do much more than they already had.  He was a good kid, and they both felt a great deal of responsibility for him.
Seth hauled a few things to the clearing, and Jake took Tommy his gear.  
“Can I keep the windows rolled up?”
“Of course you can.” He patted his friend on the shoulder.  “You get your bed all set up and we’ll bring you something to eat in just a few minutes, okay?”
“Okay.” Tommy smiled and eagerly began unrolling the bag and arranging his bed on the seat.
Jake rejoined Seth, and the two of them quickly set up a makeshift campsite for the night.  Jake unrolled sleeping bags while Seth put together a single-burner stove and began fixing a hot meal.
“Maybe I should radio in to the sheriff one more time before we bed down.”
“Yeah, maybe so,” Seth nodded.  Neither of them wanted the sheriff on their backs for not “staying in touch.”
Jake walked over to the truck and tapped on the window.  Tommy eagerly rolled it down.
“You want to sleep in here too?” Tommy sounded hopeful.
“No, Tommy,” Jake chuckled, “I just thought I should radio the sheriff one last time tonight.  That okay with you?”
“Sure.”  Tommy made room for Jake to sit on the seat so he could switch on the radio.  Jake grabbed the microphone and began tuning the radio.
“Hmm...that’s odd.”
“What is?”  Tommy asked.
Jake didn’t answer as he carefully scanned several frequencies.  All he could raise was static and was ready to turn it off when he happened on a conversation already in progress.
“Mountain Fox, this is Scout, come in.  Over.”
More static, then, “This is Mountain Fox.  I read you Scout. Over.”
“Time is running out.  Is your package ready? Over.”
“Should be.  I'll turn it over tomorrow at our regular place around two o’clock.”
“Understood.  Over and out.”
Static replaced the conversation, and Jake turned the radio off, hanging up the microphone.
“What’s wrong, Jake?”  Tommy noticed concern on Jake’s face in the dim light of the CB.
“I’m not sure, Tommy.  I’m just not sure.”  Jake stepped out of the truck and shut the door.  “I’ll bring you some supper, okay?”
Tommy’s face brightened at the idea of food.  Jake, on the other hand, walked back to Seth and related what he had just heard.
“So what do you think that was all about?” Seth asked.  “Do you think it has anything to do with this woman we’re looking for?”  He dished up three plates of canned stew.  “I mean, maybe it’s something else altogether.  Lots of people use CBs around here, you know.”
“Yeah, I know.  It just seems odd that someone would talk about some kind of package and meeting at a special place.   Why can't they just mail the package...you know?  I mean, what’s such a big deal about a package?” Jake didn’t feel good about that brief conversation or anything else that was going on.  He walked a bowl of stew over to Tommy who accepted it gratefully then headed back to the campsite to have his own.  Whether or not the conversation he overheard was part of this bizarre hunt they were on or not didn’t matter.  Those two men seemed secretive about their “package,” and he wondered what it was all about.  What he didn’t tell Seth was that he thought he recognized one of the voices.
Jake looked back at the truck one more time, checking on Tommy.  He could see his friend licking his bowl!  Jake laughed out loud and sat down to finish his own meal.
“What’s so funny?”
“Aw, it’s just Tommy.  He really enjoyed his supper, I think.”  Seth nodded his head and shoveled in another bite of stew.  The two friends ate in silence and then cleaned up.  They decided not to trouble Tommy for his dirty bowl.  It would keep until morning.  
“Ready to bed down?” Seth asked.
“Yeah, I guess so.” Jake sat on his bag and began to pull off his boots.  Crawling inside, he zipped it up, then propped his head up on his elbow and looked at Seth.  “Something’s going on.  This whole thing we’re involved in...doesn’t it seem strange to you?”  He waited for Seth to respond, but he didn’t right away.  “I mean, the sheriff’s on a short fuse to begin with...”
“The sheriff’s always on a short fuse,” Seth remarked.
“Yeah, I know, but this time it seems different somehow.  And the way he’s handling everything.” He paused a moment, then continued, “Tommy and I were told to look for a gray car and follow the driver, a woman in her twenties.  He even said not to turn on our headlights if it got dark, just to follow her and keep him posted on her whereabouts.”  Jake kept looking at Seth, who kept quiet.
“Did you notice all the supplies in the back of my truck?”  
“Yeah,” Seth answered, “but then you’ve always got gear in your truck.”
“I know that, but the sheriff put all that extra food and blankets in there yesterday afternoon.  I don’t keep that much stuff in my truck.  He said I might have to be up in the hills for a couple of days and nights.”
“He did?  Why didn’t you say something before?”
“I didn’t want to get Tommy all worked up.  He’s upset enough as it is.  I should have left him with my uncle.”  Jake lay down and stared up through the trees at the few stars he could see through the treetops.  It was getting chilly.  Seth had given them both an extra blanket, and he pulled it up around his chin.
“So what do you think we should do tomorrow then?” Seth asked quietly.
“I don’t know.  I guess keep looking, but it just seems unlikely we’re going to find any woman up here in the mountains...dead or alive.”
“Dead?”  Seth’s voice sounded uneasy.
“You know what I mean.  It’s just a figure of speech.”  Jake backpedaled. “All I mean is that I really don’t think there’s any woman up here to find.  It’s almost like we’re on a wild goose hunt, you know, like maybe decoys or something, while the sheriff is doing something else...I don’t know.”
“But why would he need to do that?  Have decoys for anything I mean?  He controls this whole county. ” 
“Oh, I don't know.  I'm just trying to figure things out.  I guess I’m too tired to think right now.”
“I know what you mean,” Seth reassured him.  “The sheriff’s always doing weird stuff, and he’s always acting like he’s sitting on a bed of hot coals.  I learned a long time ago not to ask questions, just follow directions.  No way am I gonna cross that man!”  
Seth continued, “Ever since we made that agreement after I got caught taking that tractor...” Seth’s voice trailed off.  He felt uneasy taking the subject any further and Jake had become very quiet.  Seth wondered if he was already asleep.
Unknown to them, Tommy hadn’t fallen asleep yet, but instead had decided to turn the CB radio on again on his own.  Suddenly, he was calling to them excitedly.
“Hey!  Guys!” he whispered as loudly as possible.  “Come here quick!”
Simultaneously, Jake and Seth sat straight up and turned to look at their young friend.  By now, Tommy was hanging out the open window and waving at them emphatically to come to him.  Shoving their boots on, they trotted over to the truck to see what Tommy was all excited about, realizing the CB was on, with the occasional squawk and static.
“What d’ya turn that on for, Tommy?” Seth asked.
“I was just curious, that’s all,” Tommy defended himself.
Jake asked them both to shush, and all three quieted down to listen as they heard the same two voices once again.


Chapter 13


I don’t want to go... I like my warm bed... It’s nice... so nice... But now... no.  It’s cold... I’m feeling cold.  
Tick-tick-tick.  The sound was steady, rhythmic.  Like a clock.  
But it isn’t a clock.  What is it?
Janet opened her eyes.  Maybe not.  Yes.  Her eyes were open, but why couldn’t she see anything?  She reached up to her face and blinked as her fingers gently felt her face to confirm her eyes really were open.  She sat up and strained to see something...anything.  It was pitch-black with not even a glimmer of light.
“Greg?” she called softly. “Greg?  Are you there?”  Janet reached over to his cot but couldn’t find it, so she swung her legs out and carefully stood up, taking a step, then reaching down to jostle Greg, enough to wake him gently.  Waving her arms back and forth slowly, she took one more short step and continued to reach for his cot, calling to him again.  She really didn’t think his cot was all that far away from hers.  And why couldn’t she hear him breathing?
“Greg?” she called out again, only louder.  Two more steps, still nothing.  Janet stopped and began to panic.  She backed up carefully until she could feel her own cot and sat back down.  Calling out to Greg one more time, she heard only the sound of her voice and the steady dripping of water coming from behind her outside the cavern room.  
“That’s odd,” she thought, trying to get her bearing.  “That drip should be coming from the direction of the foot of my cot, not the head.  Did I get turned around in my sleep somehow?”
“Shad?” she called to the dog.  Nothing.  “This isn’t good,” she told herself out loud.  Impulsively, Janet lowered herself to the floor of the cave and began feeling around for her boots under the cot where she had placed them.  No boots.  She ventured farther away from her cot until she found the wall of the room and then followed it carefully, still feeling all around for something, anything.  Her hand brushed against a narrow cylindrical object.  She grabbed hold of it and was delighted to discover it was a tiny pocket flashlight.
“Thank God!” she exclaimed in relief.  Flicking it on, she began to shine the small beam of light around, looking for Greg and his cot, as well as her boots.  To her amazement, her cot was the only one in the room.  There was nothing else, except she did find her boots near the room entrance.  Standing up, she walked over to get them but stopped for a moment.  The room seemed smaller than she thought.  And where were all the supplies?  And where was Greg?  Where was Shad?  And why were her boots near the entrance and not by her bed?
Janet grabbed the boots and sat back down on her cot, putting them on quickly.  She played the light around the small room one more time, confirming she was in a different place, before heading for the entrance.  Showing the light on the path to be careful where she stepped, she noticed some odd tracks on the graveled floor.  Suddenly, she realized that they had been made by the legs of her cot.  Greg had dragged it in here with her sleeping on it!  But why?
Janet walked a few steps to reach the main cavern area and passageway.  She examined the ground again, looking for anything that might give her an idea which way to go, expecting to see the drag marks from her cot, but there were none.  Now, confused more than ever, Janet continued to look at the ground for any clues to help get her out of the cave and back to daylight…well, that’s assuming it was daytime.  For all she knew, it could be the middle of the night…still.
She finally decided to turn to the right.  The passageway seemed to show signs of foot traffic, although not a lot of it.  Carefully, Janet made her way along, ducking from time to time to avoid banging her head on a low overhang or ceiling.  The sound of dripping water was getting louder, and she hoped that was a good sign, that maybe it was the same dripping water she had been listening to when she and Greg had first come into the cave.  Along with the dripping water, Janet listened for any other noises, especially voices.
Eventually, she came to a split in the tunnel passage.  “One of those many tunnels where I could end up getting lost,” she muttered softly to herself.  Even so, it seemed like her voice was loud and echoing.  She decided that all future conversations with herself should be silent ones.  
Janet examined the ground in each tunnel for footprints.  She noticed a slight movement of air coming from one of them and took a step in that direction hesitating for a moment.  Playing the light on the ground, she fervently hoped to find some clue to help her make up her mind.  A tiny glint caught her attention, and she stepped forward to take a closer look.  Bending down, she retrieved a wadded up gum wrapper!  “Yes!” she whispered out loud and then winced.  Deciding to continue down this passage, Janet let her thoughts wander as she speculated on how she had ended up in a different cavern room.  Silently she acknowledged she was a sound sleeper at times, but remembered she was having difficulty getting to sleep.  She remembered their simple meal of oatmeal and the warm cocoa. Two cups of cocoa.  She continued to work her way along the passageway, bending and ducking every so often.  “Two cups,” she repeated aloud then stopped for a moment and carefully straightened up, checking for ceiling clearance.  Still mentally discussing her situation, she wondered, Could Greg have put something into the cocoa?  And if he did, why?  Now, somewhat disgusted with herself, she muttered, “And I finally thought I could trust him...a little…I guess not.”
Janet continued on slowly but was determined to make her way out of the vast maze of tunnels and to freedom.  She was fed up depending on others to help her.  She was disgusted with herself for having even allowed herself to be persuaded to accompany a man she didn’t know to a cave, of all places!  She believed him when he suggested she was in trouble with the sheriff.  But as she was trying to put pieces of a strange puzzle together, he obviously was creating an entirely different puzzle, using some of her pieces to give it credibility, but really with an agenda of his own.  But what was his agenda?  He hadn’t tried to molest her in any way…or had he while she was sleeping?  No.  Somehow, she knew he hadn’t done anything like that, but maybe he was planning to.  Maybe he was just a very, very patient pervert!  
The more she thought, the angrier she got!  How dare he drag her way back into this mountain and then leave her there to die alone?  Her determination was more intense than ever and that was to escape and get some real help.  She’d go find that sheriff, Janet determined, and tell him about everything that had happened.  After all, he probably was trying to find her, to help her, not hurt her.  That’s what a sheriff and policemen do.  They help people.  They don’t drag them into caves!
The dripping water was definitely louder now, and Janet found herself walking a little faster.  She started to keep one hand raised over her head and slightly forward, holding the flashlight with the other as she went.  She had no idea how long she’d been making her way along, but suddenly the tunnel opened up into a larger cavern area.  Stopping for a moment to play the light around and look at the formations, she was awed once again.  It was beautiful, but not the same cavern she had seen before.  But time was of the essence, and she needed to keep moving.  
Up until now, Janet hadn’t thought much about what she would do if someone happened to be coming along the passage at the same time, but now she started to think about it.  What would she do if Greg or someone else found her?  Determined to keep going, she decided she’d just have to deal with that when it happened.
The passageway turned to the right slightly, and she reentered another tunnel.  Janet stopped to listen.  She was becoming a little uneasy.  Moving ahead slowly, she strained to listen, wishing she didn’t need the flashlight to guide her.  She didn’t want to give anyone advanced warning of her approach.  On the other hand, if anyone else were in the passageway, they’d need a light too.  Although not entirely reassured, she picked up the pace again and resumed her former posture of keeping one hand up to feel for low overhangs and ceilings.  The movement of air she had felt earlier had increased and that gave her hope that she was getting somewhere…at least somewhere she wanted to be, she hoped.
The passage turned slightly to the left, and she immediately flicked off her light.  There was a faint glow up ahead.  Standing still and listening, Janet was unsure what to do.  She took a couple of steps, trying not to make any sound, and then stopped to listen again.  The air was blowing at her, which was good.  If Shad were up ahead, he might otherwise have caught her scent and given her away.  But she didn’t hear anything.  No voices.  No dog.  Nothing.
Carefully, Janet continued, all her senses completely alert.  At one point, she stopped and flashed her light behind her...suddenly thinking that someone could possibly have been following, but no one was there.  She was tense and frightened, but continued to approach the lighted area cautiously.  At last, Janet reached its source.  It was the original cave room she had been in with Greg!  He had left the lantern lit at a dim glow. His cot and supplies were still there, but the room was otherwise empty.  No Greg.  No Shad.  Quickly she examined everything in the room.  What she did discover, though, and quite unexpectedly, were three coffee mugs.  One had the remains of her cocoa in it.  One was Greg's because she recognized the design on it, but the other also had cocoa in it but was only half empty.  Three mugs?  Why three? She only used one, she thought.  At that instant, Janet realized that Greg may have had another guest join him!  
A faint sound made her start!  She quickly walked to the end of the short entrance tunnel to the room and listened.  Then she heard it again.  A faint voice, she thought.  Yes.  A voice.  Then…two voices, she thought.  Someone was coming!  What now?  That what-if situation had finally presented itself, and she had to make a fast decision.  Go back the way she had come?  Or stay here and wait for whoever was coming?  Maybe start in that direction and meet them?  None of the ideas appealed to her.
The voices grew closer and yes, there were two...two men.  Still listening but working herself up into a real state of panic, Janet desperately wanted to know who it was but at the same time didn't want to be discovered.  Finally, she was able to confirm that one of the voices was Greg’s.  Greg!  He didn’t sound concerned or necessarily upset.  In fact, he sounded pretty calm and relaxed talking to the other person, definitely another man. 
“You sure, she’ll stay asleep?” the second voice was asking.
“She should be fine.  No one will find her in here.  Let’s get going.  We may have to move our timetable up though.”  That voice was definitely Greg’s!  But not only that, it was coming from the direction she had just come from!  They were actually behind her!
A terrifying chill ran down Janet’s spine.  In spite of the fact that it was obvious Greg had left her in here to die, he and his companion must have come from one of the other tunnels she had just passed.  She shut off her light but continued to wait and listen.  The voices and footsteps were getting louder.  So where were they going?  And who was that other man?  Janet realized she needed get out of this cave as soon as possible and was getting ready to hurry on along the passageway toward the small cabin when, in an instant, the unthinkable happened!  She let out an involuntary sneeze!


Chapter 14


“You think the sheriff’s up to no good, don’t you?” Seth asked Jake quietly after they had turned off the radio and walked back over to their sleeping bags.
“I don’t know, Seth,” Jake replied.  “It’s just that nothing feels right about all of this.  I just don’t get it.  Nothing seems right...” His voice trailed off as he stared out into the darkness at nothing in particular.
“I know.  I don’t like it either.”  Seth crawled into his sleeping bag and propped himself up on one elbow.  “So what are we going to do come morning?”
“I’m not sure.  I’ll think about it tonight and come up with something.” 
Seth lay down and stared up into the night sky.  He listened as the tops of the trees sang their soft song as a breeze gently danced among their branches.  Jake was getting ready to take off his boots and bed down when Tommy stuck his head out the window and called to them.
“Hey, guys?”
“Yes, Tommy, what do you need?”
“Nothing.  But I was thinking about what the deputy was just saying about the girl on the radio.”
“Were you?” Jake sat up. 
“Yup.”
“Well, I wouldn’t worry about it right now.  Just get some sleep so we can get an early start in the morning.”  Jake lay back down.  He was tired and just wanted to get some sleep.  The radio conversation they had just heard was concerning, but he really didn’t know what to do.  If the young woman was with Greg Danes, he sure didn’t know where they could have gone. Sure, it was a big mountain, and there were plenty of trails and fire roads Danes could have taken, but finding the right one was a challenge he couldn’t tackle.  “I’m just a dumb kid with a gas station in the valley.  What do I know about these hills?” he muttered to himself.
 “I was thinking about that old shack up on the side of Crocker Peak,” Tommy called over to Jake.
Jake sat up again, now very alert.  “What shack?”
“That old one on Crocker Peak, like I said,” Tommy repeated.  “It’s just an old shack that nobody uses no more.  Some old miner used to live in it; at least that’s what I heard.”  Tommy was surprised that Jake didn’t seem to know anything about it.  He thought that if he knew about the shack, certainly everyone else must know about it too.
“Where is this shack, Tommy?”  Jake was pulling on his boots, suddenly very interested in what his young friend had to say.
“Up on Crocker Peak! Like I said.”  Tommy was a bit exasperated.
“I know that’s what you said, but Crocker Peak is a big mountain.  Where exactly is this shack?”
“Up there.” Tommy pointed in the general direction of the mountain summit.
“You’re sure about this!” Jake demanded.
“Sure, I’m sure.  I’ve even been there a couple of times with my dad when we went hunting.” He hesitated a moment and then continued, “He won’t take me anymore ’cause he says I…”
“Tommy!  Do you suppose you could find it again?  Could you show it to us?”  He hurried to the truck, his eyes focused on Tommy.
“Sure, I think I could.”
“Right now?”
“Now?  In the dark?”  Tommy was not so sure about that.
“Yeah.  Do you think we could get to it from here?  What do you think, Tommy?  Could you do this? You could be the hero, if we find the girl.  Wouldn’t you like to be the hero?”  Jake was coaxing him.
“Sure, I’d like to be the hero, but it’s so dark outside.  I thought we were going to sleep first and wait for morning.” Tommy pulled back inside the truck and started to roll the window up again, but Jake put his hand on it after a couple of cranks.
“That girl needs our help, Tommy.  You’d like to help her, wouldn’t you?”
“Yeah, I’d like to help her, but I thought the sheriff was trying to help her.”
“Well, remember, he asked us to help too, right?”
“Y-yeah,” Tommy stammered.
“Okay then.”  Jake hurried back over to Seth and roused him.  He had already drifted off to sleep.
“What?” he asked groggily.  “What’s going on?”
“Time to go.” Jake was matter-of-fact as he hurriedly rolled up his sleeping bag and gathered up a couple of other items.  
“Hey!  What’s going on?” Seth demanded.
“We have a small shack to find.”
“A what?”  Seth was dumfounded.
“Tommy will explain.  Let’s get going!  Jake tossed his gear and other items in the back of the truck.  “Come on, Seth,” he demanded.  “Toss your stuff in the back.  We need to get going.  Now!”
“What's got into you?” Seth was irritated at having been awakened so abruptly.
“I’m not sure, but I have this gut feeling that if we don’t find that shack soon, it may be too late.”
Without further discussion, the two of them finished tossing all their gear in the bed of the pickup then hopped in the cab and resumed their journey higher into the hills.  The road, if you could call it that, wound around and between the trees, often obscured by rotted branches and thick layers of pine needles.  Even so, there was a slightly discernable trail that was wide enough for the truck as it labored along.  The headlights cut through the darkness like a knife.  Twice they startled some deer.  
Tommy gripped the dashboard once again, his eyes wide with anticipation and fear.  He was beginning to wish he hadn’t said anything about the shack.  How did he know that Jake was going to get all excited and decide to chase up the mountainside looking for the girl in the middle of the night?  It would have been much better to wait for sunup.
After about a half an hour of rough driving, Jake brought his poor old truck to a stop.  “We’re gonna have to hike it from here.”
“What?”  Tommy seemed incredulous.  “In the dark?”
“Yes, Tom, in the dark!”  Jake was getting exasperated with Tommy’s constant whining about the dark.  But he also knew his short temper was due in part, to exhaustion and quickly apologized.  “I’m sorry, Tommy, but we really need to find that girl.”
“I know,” Tommy said quietly.
Seth just stared at Jake.  He really liked and respected his friend, but he thought they were now taking this too far.  “Jake.  How do we know where to go?”
“We’ll keep following this trail.  If my truck had four-wheel drive, we could’ve kept driving, but it doesn’t, and the engine was beginning to heat up.  It just isn’t cut out for this type of terrain.”  He looked at his friends.  “I’m sorry, guys, but we really need to find that shack.  My gut tells me that girl is in real danger.  Don’t ask me why because I can’t tell you.  I don’t even know myself, but the feeling is so strong.”
“Okay, Jake,” Seth said.  “Let’s get going.”  He opened the passenger door and hopped out.  “Come on, Tommy.  We’ll be okay.  There are three of us.  Three men.” He tried to be reassuring.  “We can do this.”  Timidly, Tommy exited the truck while Jake quickly threw some items in a small backpack and put it on. 
“I’m glad you’re with us, Tom,” Jake said.  “You’re the only one who knows about the shack, so you are in charge, okay?”
“I’m in charge?”  He seemed pleased with the idea and perked up.  Zipping up his jacket and pulling a stocking cap from his pocket, Tommy took the lead as the three friends continued up the mountain trail, playing the beams of their flashlights on the ground and doing their best to follow the trail.
For the next hour, they trudged along in the cold night air, stepping over rocks and debris and occasionally stumbling on half-buried rotted tree limbs.  It was tedious going, but they kept at it, moving along in silence, listening and watching. 
Seth was beginning to think it was a fictional cabin.  Who would build a place way up here?  Jake was getting a little concerned too.  It was so late and cold.  And if they didn’t find something soon, it would be dawn, and they still would be nowhere. A new moon had climbed high in the night sky and was in position overhead.  Here and there, its very faint glow attempted to assist their flashlights but with little success.
At last, Tommy spotted something up ahead.  As they got closer, they could make out the shape of a roofline and stovepipe in the dime moonlight through a break in the treeline.  “There it is!” he exclaimed.
“Ssshh!” Jake and Seth said together.
“Keep it down, Tommy,” Jake cautioned.  The three of them had stopped and were playing their lights around examining the shack and the surroundings.
“Look over there!” Seth whispered excitedly focusing his beam.  “A jeep!”  Parked in the shadows between some trees they saw a beat-up jeep.  Seth stealthily made his way over to it and then hurried back.  “It’s Danes’ jeep.”
“Are you sure?”  Jake asked quietly.
“Yeah, I’m sure.  I recognize all the dings and mud.”
The trio looked up at the tiny shack clinging to the hillside.  “Doesn’t look like much,” Jake remarked quietly.
“I know,” Tommy agreed excitedly, “but just wait!”  He started toward the porch steps.
“Wait a minute!”  Jake whispered, pulling him back.  “You can’t just walk up to it…not yet anyway.  We need to check it out first.”
“Okay.” Tommy was obedient, suddenly remembering the situation they were in.  He stepped back and let Jake take over being in charge.  His job was done.  He had helped them find the shack.
Cautiously, they approached the steps leading to the tiny porch.  It was steep, and required careful placement of their feet on the treads in the process.  Finally on the porch, Jake tiptoed to the small window and tried to see inside, but it was pitch-black.  He tried the door and found it unlocked.  Opening it slowly, he waited for a sound of any kind, but heard nothing.  Seth and Tommy, in the meantime, had waited at the base of the steps until Jake motioned for them to follow.  Then stepping inside, Jake took a chance and flicked on his flashlight.  He was shining it around the room when his friends stepped inside.
“Wow!” Seth whispered in amazement.  “You’d never guess it was this big inside!”
“I told you,” Tommy seemed proud of himself.
“You’re a good man, Tom,” Jake complemented his friend, as he continued to gaze around in equal amazement.  “A good man.”  
Seth walked to the closet door and carefully opened it.  Inside were a couple of jackets hanging on nails on the back wall, but nothing more.  He showed his light on the floor, looking for anything else that might be a clue, and then called to Jake.  “Hey, take a look at this.”
Jake and Tommy joined him and looked at the floor where the light was shining.  “That’s interesting.  Why would there be dirt here but nowhere else?” Jake wondered out loud.  He bent down to take a closer look and detected a slight draft of air.  Standing up, he looked toward the cabin door.  It was still standing open.  “Hey, Tom, you wanna go close the door for us?  Quietly, okay?”
“Sure, Jake.”  Tommy did as he was asked, and Jake bent down again.  
Even though the cabin door was now closed, Jake still felt a draft of air coming from somewhere.  
“Either one of you have a match on ya?” he asked.
“Yeah, I do,” Seth handed him a book of matches.  Pulling one off, Jake lit it and then moved it around.  It began to flicker more toward the back wall of the closet, then went out.  “What’s going on?” Seth asked.
“There’s air coming from behind this back wall.”  Jake stood up and began to feel around the edges.  He pushed and pulled in various places, but nothing gave way.  “I don’t know,” he muttered.  “There’s just something odd about this.”
“Maybe there’s a key in the pocket of one of those jackets,” Tommy suggested.
“Uh...well...that’s a good thought, my friend, except I don’t see any lock to open with a key.”
“Oh” was all Tommy could think of to say.
Even so, Jake decided to take a look in the jacket pockets anyway.  There was an extra nail on the back wall, so he hung his flashlight on it to search the jackets, but in doing so, he heard a faint click, and the back wall moved slightly inward.
All three boys stood motionless for a moment; then Jake gently pulled on it.  It swung into the closet revealing a tunnel.
“Wow,” all three said slowly and quietly.  Jake hesitated a moment, then took his flashlight and shone it into the tunnel. It seemed to go for quite a distance.
“What do we do now?” Seth asked.
“Follow the passage and see where it takes us,” Jake replied as he stepped into it.
“Are you sure?” Seth asked with uncertainty.
“Well, it seems like this is the only real clue we have to work with.  How else are we going to find that girl?”
“Well, how do you know she’s in there somewhere?  I mean, maybe we should wait until it’s light out.”
“What difference will that make?  It’ll still be dark in here.”  He shone his light down the passage again.  “Come on.  We’ll just go a little ways.  We’ll keep our ears open for voices, and if we hear the girl, we’ll keep going.  If not, we’ll turn back.  How’s that?”
“I...I guess,” Seth replied.  “But what if we hear other voices?”
“Ah...good point.  Well, if we hear any other voices, we’ll just...get the heck outta here!  Okay?”
“Okay,” Seth and Tommy replied in unison.
Slowly, the threesome entered the passageway.  Seth decided to prop the door open just in case it started to swing shut.  He didn’t want to get stuck in here.  He found a small log near the old stove and used that for the doorstop, then joined his friends, taking up the position at the rear with Tommy in the middle and Jake leading the way.  Their feet made an eerie crunching sound in some places in addition to the fact that they found themselves shuffling rather than taking full steps.  
The tunnel was spooky and even though they had three flashlights, they still didn’t generate enough light to effectively brighten things up.  They continued on for about five minutes, ducking to avoid banging their heads on low ceilings, until they found themselves in a more open chamber filled with fascinating colors and shapes.  They were awestruck with the sight, but continued on in silence.  The light from their flashlights seemed to be swallowed up in the darkness as they entered another narrow passage. A couple of minutes later, they came upon a larger and smoother-looking tunnel.  This one had obviously been widened by someone or purposely made entirely.  It led to a small room with a cot and other things indicating that someone had been there and, judging from the looks of things, recently.
Uneasy with this find, they all decided to exit the room…the sooner the better!  Without a word, the trio hurried back out into the natural passage and stopped for a moment.  The decision was whether to continue deeper into the mountain or go back to the shack and hightail it back down the mountain to Jake’s parked truck.  In the quiet, all they heard was a steady drip-drip of water from somewhere nearby.  Then Jake held up his hand and motioned for them to continue being silent.  He took a step farther in the passage and listened.
“Wha…,” Seth began.
“Shhhh!”  Jake whispered back instantly.  He took one more step then turned to his friends.  “Seth, take Tommy and get out of here, now!”  His voice was a tense whisper.  “Go!”
Seth didn’t wait for a second invitation.  He grabbed Tommy and pulled him in the direction of the shack, not knowing what Jake was going to do.  
Jake stayed put until he couldn’t see them any longer, then slowly made his way farther along the passage.  He kept shining his light ahead and then would dip it down to examine the ground every couple of steps.  Then he stopped again and listened, thinking he could hear footsteps, but hurried ones, in the distance.  They continued to get louder until he thought he could also hear the heavy breathing of someone headed toward him.  He quickly went back to the man-made tunnel to step out of the way and flicked off his light, waiting.  His heart pounded, and his breathing became rapid.  “Calm down,” he silently told himself. “Just calm down.”


Chapter 15


It was bad enough to find out that Greg was behind all of this, but then to sneeze!  Sleeping people don’t sneeze, do they?  Well, even if they did, the point is she is ahead of Greg and his friend, not behind them.  If they heard the sneeze, they’d be coming to see who it was. 
Janet wasn’t sure how far away they were, but she was determined to get to the cabin before they could get to her!  She bolted from the room, with flashlight in hand; staying crouched down as much as possible to avoid smacking her head on something.  Even so, she kept bumping into the passage walls and scraped up the back of her hand a couple of times, wincing at the pain.  She could hear hurried footsteps behind her but didn’t slow down.
“I’m sure I heard something,” the other voice was saying.
“Yeah, but who?”  Greg wondered.  Their voices carried in the passageway. 
Janet became aware that their footsteps became muffled for a moment.  She decided they had checked the room she had been in moments before, which must have been the case because their footsteps resumed more loudly within a moment or two.
“Janet?” she heard Greg call out.
“We don’t know it’s her,” the other voice said, and their running steps stopped.  Janet became aware of the silence and instinctively stopped as well.
“Let’s go check the other room first,” the other voice suggested.  Greg agreed, and they could be heard retracing their steps in the other direction.  
Janet felt such a relief for the moment that she was actually able to calm down and start breathing more easily.  Now, she could continue to the small cabin and get out before they realized she was gone…at least she hoped so.  As she remembered, it didn’t seem to take all that long to reach the first room the day Greg first brought her here.  She headed on up the passageway using her flashlight, taking it slower, but not too slow.  A few steps farther and she was faced with another choice.  
A second passageway led off from this one.  She didn’t remember seeing it before, but then she was so distracted by everything that it would have been easy to miss, she surmised.  Using her tried-and-true investigative technique, Janet bent down to examine the ground for footsteps or other clues.  One definitely seemed to show signs of more frequent usage than the other, plus she could feel a stronger draft in the one.  Standing up, she chose that tunnel and continued at a quickened pace.  Where was that colorful cavern she had seen? she wondered.  Still moving quickly, the passage made a sharp turn, and Janet ran smack into the wall, letting out a moan that seemed to echo throughout the cave.  At the same time, she dropped her flashlight, and it went out.
“No,” Janet cried out softly.  Kneeling down, she groped around trying to find it without much luck.  And worse, she could hear voices again back in the cave.  Panic-stricken, she got up and began making her way along the tunnel wall.  The going was slow, but she had no other choice.  It seemed to go on forever.  The darkness was so intense that her eyes hurt from straining to see even one little speck of light somewhere.  She had totally lost her bearings.  For all she knew, she could actually be going the wrong way.  
“This is insane,” she heard herself saying and began to cry.  “Somebody help me.”  Tears began running down her face.  “I don’t want to die.  I don’t want to die.”  It was almost a desperate whimper.
With both hands out in front of her, she felt and groped her way along, listening for the voices behind and hoping for something helpful ahead.  She had just gone a few steps farther when in the darkness, she ran straight into someone.  Immediately, two strong hands grabbed her and held her tight.  Janet let out an ear-piercing scream that penetrated the entire mountain; then she collapsed.


Chapter 16


Seth and Tommy made it back to the shack and were waiting impatiently for Jake to join them.  They were getting ready to reenter the cave when they both heard a terrifying scream.  Scrambling back into the tunnel, flashlights lit, they soon encountered Jake struggling to drag a lifeless form with one arm while shining his light with his other hand.  He was grateful to see his friends.
“Give me a hand, Seth, will ya?”
“Sure thing!”  Seth hurried to help Jake with the body.  “Is this the girl?”
“Is she dead?” Tommy asked.
“Yes, I think it’s the girl, and no, she’s not dead,” he answered both of his friends, panting with exhaustion and a huge adrenaline spike.  “We gotta hurry!  Someone’s coming after her!”
Seth handed Tommy his flashlight and then helped Jake carry the girl out through the cabin and down the steep steps.  
“We should’ve blocked the closet door,” Seth suddenly thought.
“No time!”  Jake replied.
“Well, let me carry her over my shoulder,” Seth offered.  Carefully lifting her up, they all noticed how pretty she was in spite of cuts and bruises.
“That’s fine, but we’ll never get away on foot,” Jake remarked.
“Let’s run!” Tommy started off.
“Hold up there, buddy!” Jake called to him.  “We can’t outrun these guys.”
“Here, take the girl,” Seth unloaded her, and Jake grabbed hold.  Seth ran up to the jeep, and within moments, it sprang to life.  Easing it out of the trees and down the hillside a bit, he got it turned around and drove up to his friends.  Tommy helped Jake get the girl in the back then hopped in the front with Seth.
“Hot dog!  You hot-wired it!”  Jake was ecstatic. 
Seth smiled and let out a “Yaaaahoooo!” as he put the jeep in gear.  At the same moment, two men burst from the cabin and raced down the steep steps.
“Hey!” they both were yelling.  “Stop!” they yelled again, accompanied by a gunshot.
“They’re shooting at us!” Tommy yelled and ducked down in front.
Seth was also crouching down but continued maneuvering the jeep between trees and over rocks, causing the vehicle to lurch and bounce.
“Take it easy!” Tommy was yelling at Seth. “You’re gonna kill us!”
“Just shut up and let me do the driving!” he screamed back.  The adrenaline was pumping hard as the occupants of the jeep, fearing for their lives, tried to set a new record for descending a mountain in the dark.
“Turn your lights on!” Jake shouted, and Seth complied.
The jeep continued its bouncing and jerking pace down the mountainside.  All four occupants were growing confident that they had satisfactorily distanced themselves from further gunshots and stopped crouching.  The jeep bounced along for a distance when Seth came to a stop to catch his breath and calm down.  He left the engine running, set the brake then leaned back for a moment, breathing hard.
“Why’d we stop, Seth?”  Tommy wanted to know.
“I needed to start breathing again.  I think I held my breath all the way down,” he replied, panting.  His hands were still gripping the steering wheel however.  Then releasing his grip, he turned around to look at Jake and their new passenger who was wide-awake and staring at all of them in disbelief.
“Are you okay?” Jake asked her.
“I...I guess so,” she stared at him and then the others.  “Who are you guys?”
“Oh, well...I’m Jake.” He held out his hand to shake hers.  Mechanically, she obliged.  “This is Seth.” He pointed to their maniacal driver. “And…”
“I’m Tommy...er...Tom,” he said excitedly, then gave her a funny smile and looked away, embarrassed. 
“Nice to meet you, Tom.” She smiled back.  He was grinning from ear to ear but didn't look back at her.  “And you too.” She looked at both Jake and Seth.  “But what’s going on?” Janet asked, looking behind the jeep nervously.
“We’re rescuing you!”  Tommy was elated finally turning around again.
“Rescuing me?”  Secretly, Janet was glad to have rescuers but uneasy about trusting anyone anymore.   “What makes you think I need to be rescued?”
Jake gave her a curious look then said, “Well, in the tunnel back there, I thought I heard you say you wanted help from someone.  And the sheriff has been trying to find you...at least I think it’s you.”
“The sheriff?” she asked nervously.  “Are you going to take me to the sheriff?”
“No!”  Seth blurted out.  “We’re not.  At least not yet.”
“Not yet?” she asked quickly.
“What he means is we don’t know who to take you to for help just yet, so we’re going to take care of you until we do.”  Jake was matter-of-fact.  “Anyway, right now, we need to get moving again, Seth.” Then turning back to Janet, he said, “What did you say your name was?”
“I didn’t.” She looked at him.
“Oh...right.” He seemed a bit sheepish.
“But it’s Janet.”
In a short while, they had reached Jake’s truck.  Seth kept the jeep running while Jake, Janet, and Tommy hopped out.
“What do you want me to do with the jeep?” he asked Jake. 
“Hang on to it for now.  We don’t want Danes and that other guy to catch up to us.”
“Right!”
“Tommy, you can ride with me and Janet in the pickup, okay?”
“Sure, Jake.”  He headed for the truck as Jake helped Janet out of the backseat of the jeep.
“Come on, Janet.  You can sit between me and Tommy, and Seth’s gonna follow in the jeep.”
In a few minutes, both vehicles were headed back down the mountain.  The sky was starting to light somewhat.  It would be dawn soon.  Jake was hoping they could get all the way back to Cold Creek before the sun was completely.  The farther down the mountain they headed the less steep it became and the going was not as rough.  Jake debated about whether or not to turn on the CB but decided not to for now.  No telling what would be said, and he didn’t want to upset Janet or Tommy.
Even though they had taken their time heading up the mountain the day before, coming back down was different.  They weren’t looking for someone they didn’t know this time, and going downhill is always easier that going up.  They were getting closer to Danes’ cabin, and the sky was definitely showing signs of dawn by now, but sunrise was still about an hour away.  They finally came within about an eighth of a mile of the cabin where Jake pulled up and stopped his truck.  Seth pulled up beside him, and they had a brief conversation.
“Now what?” he asked Jake.
“Well, I think I want to hike down to the cabin and check around first.”
“Good idea.  You want me to come along?”
“How about halfway, just in case?  If there’s anything wrong, you can hustle back up here and take off with Tommy and Janet.”
“Where would I go though?”
“Back up into the hills, I guess,” Jake replied, not too sure himself.
Janet just stared at them, then asked, “Wouldn’t it be better if we all stayed together?”  Tommy was nodding his head in agreement with Janet’s plan.  “What if Greg and his...his...friend show up?”
“We got his jeep!”  Seth thought it was a pretty smart answer.
“Yes, you have Greg’s jeep, but what about the other guy?  How’s he been getting around?”  She made an excellent point.
“Uhh...well, I don’t know, but for right now, I think you and Tommy should stay here in the truck.  Seth will follow me partway down, and I’ll go on to Danes’ cabin and see what’s going on there.”  Jake had made up his mind, and there was no changing it.
Janet slumped back against the seat and shook her head in disbelief.  It did not sound like a rational plan to her!  Instructing Seth to park the jeep among some nearby trees, Jake and Seth took off down the road while Janet and Tommy watched in spite of her objections.  Janet decided to adjust the rearview mirror so she could see anything coming at them from behind.  Tommy figured she was just checking her hair and smiled at her.
“You look real pretty...even with the scratches.”
“You are very sweet, Tom.” She smiled at him and took his hand.  “I know you will protect me.”
Tommy blushed but agreed. “Yes, I will.”
Janet rested her head against the back window of the truck cab and kept her eye on the mirror.  Tommy just stared ahead watching and waiting for his pals to come back.
Jake and Seth hurried down the road, listening for anything unusual.  They tried to keep to areas with lots of pine needles to walk on to mask the sound of their approach and eliminate footprints in the process.  Jake finally indicated for Seth to stay put, which he did, crouching down.  Jake then went ahead listening and watching for anyone or anything.  
Jake finally came within sight of the cabin.  He didn’t smell any smoke from the wood burning stove and didn’t see any trailing wisps of smoke coming from the stovepipe.  He heard no sounds.  Approaching from the rear of the cabin, he crept around one side until he could get a clear view of the clearing in front of the cabin.  It was still fairly early and though still somewhat dark outside, he didn’t want to take any chances.  Seeing nothing, he retraced his steps around to the back of the cabin and over to the other side to check it out as well.  Nothing.  
Glancing around, he then eased around to the front of the cabin and mounted the steps to the porch and front door.  Carefully peering in a window, he couldn’t see anything for the darkness, but then he figured no one could really see him yet either.  He quietly tiptoed to the front door and tried the latch.  It released easily, and he carefully pushed the door open.
Seth was getting anxious and beginning to wonder if he should go find Jake or return to the truck when his friend returned to report that the cabin was empty.  Together, they headed back to the truck to tell the others.
Tommy squeezed Janet’s hand the moment he saw his friends.  She sat up straight and silently chided herself for having dozed off.  “What took so long?” she demanded.
“Yeah!” Tommy joined in.
Jake looked at Tommy somewhat amused and then glanced at his watch.  “We’ve only been gone for about twenty minutes.”  He said. “Besides, I had to make certain no one was at Danes’ cabin since we have to drive right by it.”
“Fine,” she acknowledged.  “Can we go now?”  Janet’s nerves were definitely on edge.  These last few days have been the worst she could remember.  She was cold, tired, hungry, and just wanted to find Sally, go home and forget all about mountains and caves and drips and dogs.
“What happened to Shad?” she suddenly asked.
“Who?” all three friends asked together.
“Shad.  Shadow.  Greg’s dog?”  Janet’s voice trailed off.
“Didn’t know he had a dog,” Seth answered then hopped into the truck bed on top of their sleeping bags.  
Jake climbed in the driver’s side and started up the engine.  They headed on down the road and past Danes’ cabin taking the same road she and Greg had traveled a couple of days before.
“My car!” she blurted out suddenly.
“Your car?”  Jake asked.  “Where?”
“Back up the road somewhere.  Greg hid it in some trees.”
“I’ll bet the sheriff has found it by now and probably towed it into town.  Besides, we don’t have time to go look for it now.”  Jake carefully guided his truck along the dusty road.  The sky was getting lighter, and he really wanted to get on the paved road and head for Cold Creek as fast as they could.   It wasn’t long before they reached the place where Janet had spent her second night in the hollow, where she had been startled by the two deer.  Everything looked different to her now.  She began to relax and rested her head against the rear window again, closing her eyes.  They were almost to the highway, she could hear Jake saying.  She smiled at the idea of getting out of the mountains and back to a town with a room somewhere with a hot shower and comfortable bed.  Even that run-down motel next to Rosie’s sounded okay for now.
The truck jerked and wobbled over potholes and rocks in the road as they headed around one more bend in the road.  Then Jake slammed on the brakes, and Janet sat up with a start.  Positioned in front of them were two patrol cars, the sheriff, and his deputy.  


Chapter 17


As the dust settled, the sheriff sauntered over to Jake’s window as his deputy approached the passenger side.  Tommy impulsively locked the door.  Janet knew locking the door was useless but didn’t say a word.  The deputy ordered Seth out of the back of the truck and to come around to the front.  Jake was also ordered out of the truck and asked to place his hands on the hood, “in plain sight.”
Seth walked up to the sheriff, who shook his hand.  “You’re a good boy, Seth.” The sheriff smiled smugly, slapping him on the back. “Yes, sir, a good boy.  Follows directions real good.”
Jake maintained his position but stared at Seth, who lowered his gaze to the ground.  Jake then looked at Janet through the front windshield of his truck.  She stared back at him.  So much for protecting her, he thought to himself, then shook his head slightly and looked away.
The sheriff invited Janet to step out of the truck, but she sat frozen to her seat.
“Now, looky here, missy.  It’d be best if you did what you was told to do.  I’d hate to have to make you do anything.  You hear what I’m saying?  I’d feel real bad if I had to hurt you or anything.  So why don’t you just slip on outta that there truck and be real nice about it?”
“I’ll get out.  But I won’t be nice at all!”  She was defiant.
“That suits me just fine since we’re not really looking for nice girls.  Just one’s that do what they’re told to do. Now, come on over here!”  The sheriff indicated that he wanted her to stand next to him.  Instead, Janet walked over to Jake and stood next to him.  “Well, I guess we’ll just have to teach you some manners, won’t we?”  The sheriff jerked his head at his deputy, who walked over to Janet and took her by the arm in a firm grip. 
“Let go of me!” Janet screamed, struggling.  Jake reached for Janet and tried to slug the deputy, without success.
“Seth!” the sheriff bellowed.  “Take the girl!  Put her in my car!”  Seth hesitated.  “Now, boy, or you’ll be sorry.  Do what you’re told!”  The tone of the sheriff’s voice meant business.
Seth reluctantly walked over to Janet and relieved the deputy of her.  Glancing at Jake and Tommy, he led her to the sheriff’s squad car and put her in the backseat.
“Seth,” she pleaded.  “What are you doing?”
“I’m sorry, Janet,” he spoke softly and apologetically, “I’m really sorry.”  He shut the door and walked back over to the sheriff.
“Now, that’s a good boy.  You go on over there and get in the deputy’s car.  And as for you, Jake, just be glad you missed Bernie with that swing of yours.  I might have had to lock you up for assaulting a police officer.”  With that, he laughed and walked over to his car.  Together, both officers started their cars, got them turned around, and headed for the highway in a flurry of dust and debris.  Janet turned around in her seat and stared back at Jake and Tommy, fear in her eyes.  
They disappeared from view, and Jake was left standing in the wake of their dust.  Tommy climbed out of the truck cab and came over to stand next to Jake.  “What happened, Jake?” He was totally confused by everything.
“I wish I knew, Tommy.  I wish I knew.”
Minutes later, he and Tommy were headed back to Cold Creek and his store and gas station.  Jake’s thoughts were in a whirl.  What did happen back there?  And what about Seth?  Why was he helping the sheriff with this?  “I thought Seth was on our side,” he said out loud.
“Me too,” Tommy replied quietly.  “I thought he was our friend...and Janet’s friend.”
“Yeah.”  
They rode the rest of the way in silence.   About four hours later, they were pulling into the town of Cold Creek and made their way down the street to the store and filling station.  It was about nine o'clock in the morning.  He pulled in around back to his house and parked.  He and Tommy got out and went inside.  Uncle Pete greeted them instantly, with concern written all over his face.
“Jake!” he exclaimed and hurried over to embrace his nephew.  “Where’ve you been?” He was so agitated.  “And Tommy!” He hugged him too.
“It’s a long story, Uncle Pete.  I think Tommy and I both need hot showers and some breakfast. Then we’ll fill you in on everything.”
“Okay!  I’ll fix breakfast, and you two go get showered up.”  Uncle Pete headed for the kitchen while Jake helped Tommy get ready for a shower, getting him a clean towel and clothes.
Half an hour later, both were sitting at the table having breakfast with Uncle Pete and filling him in on everything the best they could.  A lot of it didn’t make sense to them and certainly didn’t make sense to Uncle Pete either.
“What about them other two fellers up there in the mountain though?”  Uncle Pete was asking.
“I have no idea who they are or what they are doing,” he replied.  “Well, sure, we know who Greg Danes is, but I don’t know who the other guy is.  I don’t think I’ve ever seen him before,” Jake took another bite of breakfast.  “Oh, heck, Uncle Pete, maybe we have seen him around.  It was so dark up there.  I really don’t know.”
“It’s okay, son. It’s okay,” he reassured his nephew. “Just finish your breakfast and we’ll think about this some more later on.  You two need some rest first.”
“You’re right.  I am exhausted,” Jake agreed.
“Me too,” Tommy said with a yawn.
Uncle Pete cleaned up the dishes and ordered Jake and Tommy to go lie down.  They didn’t argue.   Even though it was early morning, both boys headed for bed and a much-needed rest. 

***

It was nearly five-thirty in the evening before either of them began to stir.  Jake was the first to get up and walked into the kitchen looking for Uncle Pete.  Not finding him, he stepped out the back door and headed around to the front of the property and the store.  A friendly ding-ding signaled to Jake that someone had either just pulled in for gas or was just leaving.  Rounding the corner of the building, he stopped short.  It was Seth.  He had pulled up to the front of the store.  Jake hesitated a moment and then decided to confront his former friend.
“What are you doing here?” Jake demanded, glaring at Seth, his arms folded tightly across his chest.
“Jake, just give me a chance to explain,” he started to say.
“Explain what?  You sold us out!” Jake’s anger was growing. He unfolded his arms, but his fists were clenched.
“Please!” Seth pleaded.  “Just listen.  Please, Jake.”
“Fine!  Explain!”  There was no mercy in Jake’s voice.
“I had no choice.”
“No choice?  No choice!  Yeah, like I can believe that.” Jake started to walk away.
“Jake!” Seth called after him.  “They said they’d kill my mom if I didn’t help them.”
Jake stopped and spun around, looking at Seth.  “Your mom?  Kill your mom?” Jake was not buying this story.  “You said she ran off with some jerk salesman!”  Jake responded, his arm pointing down the road.
“No,” Seth looked at the ground.  “She didn’t run off.  She’s been working for the sheriff.  A-a-at the Quail Club.”  He looked up at Jake.  His eyes were troubled, and his face was drawn with exhaustion of their recent ordeal.
“The Quail Club,” Jake repeated.  “What’s she doing for the sheriff at the Quail Club?”
“I... I... I,” Seth stammered.
“So where’s Janet?” Jake broke in.
“Same place.”
“The Quail Club.” It was a statement.
“Yes,” he replied.  “You know.  Where fellas go to...to relax...and stuff.”  Seth felt sheepish and awkward talking about the subject.
“I know what they do there!” Jake snapped.  “And that’s where they took Janet?”  He was furious.  “All of this running around and spending all night in the mountains was to grab Janet for the sheriff so he could take her...” He didn’t finish the sentence.  “Why Janet?  Heck!  There are all kinds of woman who’d sign up to work at the Quail Club.  She didn’t want any part of that!”
Uncle Pete overheard the commotion and came outside to see what was going on.  A couple of older gents stood in the doorway of the store to watch, pool cues in hand.  “Why don’t you boys go back to the house to talk about all this?”  He glanced in the direction of the store and their audience.
“Sure thing, Uncle Pete,” Jake said and took Seth by the arm.  They headed back to the house and into the kitchen.  Both stood staring at each other for a moment.  Then Jake spoke first.  “I just don’t understand you, Seth.  I thought you were my friend.  I thought I could trust you!”  He tried to keep his voice down so as not to wake Tommy.
“Look, Jake,” Seth began, “I wanted to tell you everything that’s happened for the last couple of years, but I was scared.  If I told anybody, the sheriff threatened to kill my mom,” he paused, “and me too.”
Jake took a deep breath and exhaled loudly.  “Dang, Seth.” He looked at his friend.  “Dang!” he repeated and took a step toward Seth.  “I...I’m sorry.  I’m really sorry.”
“I’m sorry too.”
“So okay, now what are we going to do?”
“About what?”  Tommy broke in.
“Tommy!” Jake looked up.  Tommy was standing in the doorway to the hall.  “Hey!  Did you sleep well?”  Jake tried to divert the conversation.
“What’s Seth doing here?” Tommy asked suspiciously.
“Uhh...well, it’s a long story, Tommy, but it’s okay.  Seth’s okay.  We’re…uh…just talking...about some stuff.”
“What stuff?”  Tommy still wasn’t too sure about seeing Seth.
“Well, nothing really, just…”
“About Janet?”  He looked at both Jake and Seth.
“Uh...yes, Tom,” he let out a sigh, “about Janet.”
“Are we gonna rescue her again?”  he asked excitedly.
“Well, we’re not sure, Tommy,” he replied.  “That’s what we’re trying to figure out.  We need a plan.”
“You’re not gonna rat us out again, are ya, Seth?”  Tommy asked sternly.
“Rat you out?”  Seth chuckled.  “No, Tom, I’m not going to do that.  I promise.”  Then he looked at Jake. “I don’t care what happens to me.  We need to find Janet.”  His tone was resolute.
“Okay, then let’s see what we can do.”  Jake stood in the middle of the kitchen with his hands in his pockets, obviously trying to think of something.  Seth and Tommy stood by waiting for him to say something.
“So, Seth,” he finally spoke, “have you ever been to the Quail Club?”
“Once, about a year ago.  But it was just for a few minutes while the sheriff talked to someone inside one of the buildings.”
“So what’s the layout?  I mean is there any way we could sneak into the place?”
“I...don’t know, Jake.” Seth hesitated.  “It’s pretty wide open.  Not many places we could hide as I recall, but then it has been about a year.  I really don’t remember it all that much.  All I know is that I wanted to leave.  The place gives me the creeps.”
“You say your mom is there?”  Jake asked carefully, now feeling upset with himself for being so angry with Seth in spite of how things had turned out.
“She used to be.  I really don’t know anymore.”  Seth looked away.  It was obviously a painful topic.
“Okay.  How about if we hop in the truck and take a ride up West Avenue to the pullout?  You know, where you can park and see the whole valley floor.  We’ll take binoculars and see what we can make out about the Quail Club.  What do you think?”
“Let’s do it,” Seth agreed.
“Yeah,” Tommy chimed in.
“You sure you wanna go, Tommy?  You don’t have to, you know.”  Jake didn’t want his young friend to feel obligated in any way.
“I wanna go!”  Tommy was determined.  “I wanna help Janet...and Seth’s mom too!”
Seth looked at Tommy and smiled. “You’re a good friend, Tom.  Thanks.  You too, Jake.”
They grabbed a pair of binoculars from Jake’s room and headed out to the truck.  Jake poked his head in the pool room long enough to tell his uncle that the three of them were taking a ride up into the hills nearby.
“Everything okay?” His uncle had asked.
Jake reassured him that everything was fine then joined his friends.  A short while later, they were headed up West Avenue out of Cold Creek, into the nearby foothills.  They had gone for about five miles winding up the two-lane road until Jake pulled over to a wide area and parked.  Below them lay the valley floor.  They could see the main road going through town and the few buildings there plus scattered homes here and there of the few town occupants.  They also could make out the road that headed east to the Quail Club. 
An afternoon breeze had picked up, and the sun was nearly to the crest of the mountain range behind them.  It wouldn’t be long before they’d be in the shadows, but the valley would remain lit for a few hours still.
Reaching for his binoculars, Jake focused on the narrow road leading to the club.  “Have you ever seen any quail around here, Seth?” he asked as he gazed through the glasses.
“Maybe once or twice I guess,” he answered.  “Not many though.  I guess there might be some out there away from town, though.”
“What do you see?”  Tommy was anxious.
“Not much yet,” he began.  “Wait a minute.  I see a car headed out that way.  A dark-colored car, but that’s about all.” 
“Let me take a look,” Seth said.  He took the glasses and began scanning the distant buildings of the club.  “Okay, I remember that one building because that’s where the sheriff went in.”  Looking some more, he continued, “And that looks like a recreation hall or something.  I don’t know about that other building, but it could be a place for people to stay.”  He kept looking then put down the glasses.  “I think I saw a guard gate or something like that at the entrance.”
“Keep looking.  Watch to see what that dark-colored car does.”
Seth held up the glasses once again and trained them on the car as it approached the club.  Pulling up to the gate, someone stepped out of the tiny building and stood next to the driver’s window.  A moment later, the car headed on into the club grounds and drove up to the first building Seth had mentioned.  “I think I see two guys getting out of the car.  No.  Wait.  There’s three of them.  Wait!” His voice got excited.  “They have someone with them.  A girl!  She’s struggling with one of them!”
“Is it Janet?” Jake and Tommy eagerly asked in unison.
“No,” he finally said in disappointment, “it was a blonde, with short hair, and she was wearing a dress, not pants.  It isn’t Janet.”  He handed the glasses back to Jake, who wanted to see for himself, but by now the three men and the woman had entered a building and were out of sight.
“We’re going to find a way to sneak into the grounds and try to find Janet and your mom,” Jake decided with conviction.  
“How?” Seth wanted to know.
“I have no idea.  I just know we have to...and soon.”
They all got back into the truck and headed back down the hill to the store and gas station.  Uncle Pete was starting to close things up for the day and looked up as Jake drove in and parked out front.  They hopped out and were still in the midst of excited conversation but waved to Uncle Pete as they started to head around back to the house.
“You boys have a nice drive?” he called out to them.
“Uh, yeah, Uncle Pete, we did,” Jake answered back.  
The three friends entered by way of the kitchen and sat around the table bouncing ideas off one another when Uncle Pete walked in.  
“Say, you boys seen the sheriff today?” he asked them.
All three looked at one another and then back at Pete.  “No,” Jake replied slowly.  “Why?”
He came by earlier while you and Tommy were sleeping, and I told him to come back later.  Then he came by again while you were out fer yer drive then took off in a great big hurry toward town.”  Uncle Pete looked at the trio for a moment.  “I jest wondered.”  He started to head back out the door when Jake called him back.
“Uncle Pete?”
“Yes?”
“What do you know about the Quail Club?”  Seth and Tommy both looked at Jake wide-eyed.  
“The Quail Club.” He stroked his chin then asked, “What d’ya want to know about it?”  He gave them an odd look.
“Well,” Jake hesitated, “I don’t know...I just...well, I thought maybe...oh, heck, Uncle Pete, we all know what goes on out there!”  He looked frustrated.
“Yup” was all Pete said, looking at each boy in turn.  “You mean you want to…”
“Heck no!  That’s not what we’re asking for!”
“Well, what then?”
“We just wondered,” he looked at his two friends. “Well, okay, I was wondering if you knew much about the place.  That’s all.”  He reddened and felt awkward, avoiding looking at his uncle.
“Maybe.”
Jake looked embarrassed, Seth kept his eyes on the floor, and Tommy just looked completely bewildered.  “I...I’m sorry I asked, Uncle Pete.  Just forget it.  We’ll figure something out.”
“Well, what d’ya need?  Maybe I can help ya some.”
“Okay,” Jake replied.  “What we need is to find a way to get into the property at the Quail Club without being seen so we can look for the girl, Janet.”
“Yeah!” Tommy blurted out, “and Seth’s mom!”  He understood that much of the conversation.
“Seth’s mom?”  Uncle Pete looked at Seth.  “I thought yer ma…”
“I know...e-everybody thought she ran off, but the truth is the sheriff forced her to work out there at the club.”  Seth walked out the back door and let it slam behind him.
Jake looked at his uncle. “Uncle Pete?  Is there any way we can do this?  Do you have any ideas?  Anything?”
“Well, let me think a piece.” He stroked his chin again then said, “Carl Teller goes out there nearly every afternoon to make deliveries to the kitchen.  Maybe you could hitch a ride with him.”
“You think he’ll be going there tonight?”
“Reckon so,” Pete looked at his watch.  “In fact, he jest might be pulling in to fill up his truck in a short while.”
“Okay.”  Jake’s mind was swimming with thoughts.  A delivery truck.  Yes.  They could hide in the back and sneak out once they go there.  “Okay!” Jake repeated with more excitement.  “We could hide in the back.  But Carl can’t know we’re in there.  We don’t want to get him in trouble, and we don’t want him to accidentally tip anyone off.”  He looked at his uncle again. “Do you think you can help us?”
“Yup” was all he said, but he smiled a big grin.  “There’s just one thing, though, that you fellas might want to know.”
“What’s that, Uncle Pete?”
“Carl drives a refrigerated truck.  It’ll be mighty cold back there.”  He checked his watch.  “You better get hoppin’.  Carl will be here pretty quick.”


Chapter 18


“Get ready?” Seth sputtered.  “We’ll need jackets and socks and gloves and…”
“Right!” Jake piped in.  “Go to my room and grab anything that looks warm.”  Seth took off down the hall.  “Tommy!  You can help me.”
“Okay, Jake!” He was excited as he followed Jake out the back door.
“You sure you still want to go with us?”  Jake didn’t want Tommy to think he had to go, but after everything he had already experienced the past few days, he didn’t think this could be any worse.
“Yeah!  I wanna go!  I wanna help Janet too!”
“Okay, buddy, let’s grab some gear then.”  Jake and Tommy hurried out to the shed next to the house.  They grabbed rope, wire cutters, and heavy-duty gloves.  He also grabbed another flashlight that had a stronger beam than what he carried in his truck.  In the midst of all this, Carl Teller rolled into the filling station, driving over the black hose that activated the familiar ding-ding.  “We gotta hurry, Tom.”  The two of them ran from the shed to the house to meet up with Seth who had dragged everything imaginable out of Jake’s room and dumped it on the kitchen table.
Quickly, the boys began pulling on thicker socks and sweat pants over their jeans.  Each found a flannel shirt to put on over their T-shirts, a stocking hat, mittens, and a warm jacket.  Living in snow country meant having cold weather gear, and Jake had plenty of it.  Grabbing up the supplies, they headed for the back door of the store and went in.  Uncle Pete had just come in to settle the tab for the gas and chuckled at the sight of the threesome.
“Okay, so what’s the plan, Uncle Pete?” Jake asked breathlessly.
“He makes five stops altogether. The club is the fourth stop,” he said casually as he rang up the bill.  “I’ll block his view while you fellas get in the back of his truck.  Take it easy, though, so’s he don’t wonder what’s going on.  Get in nice and easy like.”  He grinned at his nephew and headed for the door to take Carl his change.  The boys followed at a distance, grateful that Carl had pulled in for gas at the farthest of the two pumps heading away from the front of the store.  He wouldn’t be able to see them except for a brief moment in his right-hand side mirror.  They just hoped Uncle Pete could keep him distracted long enough so he wouldn’t see anything and give them enough time to climb into the back of the truck.
Waiting until they could hear Pete talking to the driver, the boys hurried to the back of the truck and unlatched roll-up door just a few feet so they could slide in.  Carl had started his engine as Jake climbed in last.  He and Seth carefully pulled the door down, then Seth looked at Jake and exclaimed in a tight whisper, “We won’t be able to latch the door shut!  If Carl finds it unlatched, he might suspect something!”
“We’ll just have to take that chance,” Jake began then they heard Uncle Pete.
“Hey, Carl!  Yer back door ain’t shut tight!  You want me to latch it?”
“Sure thing, Pete!” Carl hollered back to him.  
Pete opened the door slightly and looked at the three would-be rescuers.  “You boys be careful, you hear me?  Be mighty careful out there.”
“We will, Uncle Pete,” Jake assured him.
Pete pulled the door down and latched it securely shut.  He banged the truck twice with his fist, and Carl put it in gear.  The truck lurched forward and then rocked side to side as they pulled out onto the road.  Jake hadn’t thought to ask what the other four stops would be, but then maybe his uncle didn’t know.  All they knew for sure was that the club was the next to the last stop.
“It sure is dark in here...and cold. Tommy said, shivering already.
Jake turned on his flashlight and shined it toward his young companion.  “You okay, Tommy?”
“Yeah.  I guess so.”
“We might be able to sneak you out of the truck at the first stop if you want, you know.  You could hitch a ride home with someone.”
“Nope.”  He straightened up.  “I’m going.  I want to help Janet and Seth’s mom.”
“Good for you, Tommy!”  Seth whispered to his friend.  Then he looked at Jake.  “So what happens when he makes his first stop and opens this door?”
“I’ve been thinking about that,” Jake answered.  “We need to find places to hide in here.  Maybe we can move some of these boxes and make little cubby holes to sit in.”  The three of them stood up and tried to steady themselves as it bounced along.
“We’d better hurry,” Seth remarked, “since we don’t know how close his first stop is.”
They quickly squeezed past a few of the front boxes and managed to rearrange some others toward the back.  They didn’t want anything to look out of place and raise any concerns or suspicions.  Each settled into a small space to wait, sitting on boxes of mostly refrigerated and some frozen food.  They hoped Carl didn’t have to move much around to get what he needed at each stop.
Not much longer and they could hear Carl gearing down the truck and slowing down.  He pulled up and then began backing up to the sound of a beep-beep-beep.  They heard the driver door slam shut then the latch on the back door being released.  Suddenly, the door was shoved up and the whole truck was filled with late-afternoon sunlight.  Carl hopped in and shoved a few boxes toward the opening, then hopped down.  They could hear him stacking them on a dolly, and then it was quiet.  After several minutes, Carl returned and shoved the dolly back in the truck, closing the door and latching it tight.  Then they were off again.  He repeated this routine for the next two stops, and in each case, only needed a few things easily reached from the back.  Each time the boys sighed with relief after he left to make his delivery then tensed up with each return.
“Three down,” Jake remarked with chattering teeth.  “Next stop should be the club.”
The drive out to the Quail Club took longer, and they could tell when the truck left the main highway and turned onto the secondary road leading out to the club.  The boys would be glad to get there and get out of the cold, but at the same time, were worried they might get locked in or be discovered.  
“J-Jake,” Seth called out quietly.
“Yeah?” 
“If C-Carl pulls out what he needs and then closes the door and latches it, what then?”
“He hasn’t been latching it anyplace else.”
“I know, but our luck may be running out.”
“Yeah, but there’s still a lot of stuff in here.  He may have to make more than one trip, so he probably won’t latch it until he’s done and ready to roll to his last stop.”
“I hope you’re right.”
They could hear the engine noise changing again, and Carl gearing down.  This was it!  The truck rolled to a stop, and they could hear Carl talking to someone for a brief moment, then he drove in.
“That must have been the front gate and he was checking in,” Seth commented.
A few moments later, the truck pulled to a stop but didn’t back up.  The engine was shut off this time then the driver’s door slammed shut.  They could hear voices outside and some laughter then the latch was released and the large door rolled up.  There wasn’t quite as much light outside anymore since the sun had dipped behind the mountain range to the west.  
Carl was chatting with another guy.  “Yeah, I got your order.  Everything’s here.”
“That’s good," the other man said.  "We’re expecting a bigger crowd than usual this evening.”
“A big crowd, eh?”
“Yeah, a group of guys from the big city.  High rollers and big spenders I hear.  Good thing we got that new girl.”
“A new girl?”
“Yeah, she’s a feisty one too.  Wilcox says he’ll tame her hisself if need be.” There was a chuckle from both men.  “You need some help with this stuff?” the other man asked.
“Naw.  I can get it.  I’ll just make a couple of trips.”
“Well, let me catch the kitchen door for ya.”
“Thanks!”
Jake and his friends could hear the door rolled down partway and the shuffle of feet on gravel as the two men walked away.  “It’s now or never!” he whispered tersely to the others.  “Let’s get going!”
All three pushed cartons out of the way and scurried to the back of the truck.  Seth bent over and took a look outside. “Wait here and I’ll check around.”  He slid out under the partially closed door and was back in seconds.  “Come on!”  
Without hesitation, Jake and Tommy rolled out from under the door and crouched down next to Seth.  Using hands signals, he indicated for the three of them to make a dash to some shrubbery under a window of the building close to the parked truck.  Hearing voices, they didn’t waste any time making a beeline for the bushes and shoved their way behind them sitting on the ground.  In the dim light it would be harder for anyone to see them in the shadows.
Carl returned with his hand truck and began loading up more boxes.  The other man followed him out still talking about the big crowd coming in that evening.  “Guess I’ll have to make at least one more trip out here.  There’s a lot of stuff still in here, except for the few things I still have to drop off at Rosie’s place.”
“Too bad you can’t hang around here a while longer and have dinner.  The cook’s fixing a real nice dinner for everyone, ’cept the girls o’course.”
“What’s he feed them?” Carl was asking, obviously surprised they would get something different.
“Heck, I dunno.  I jest know they eat different, and in their rooms.”
“How many girls you got here now, Earl?”
“Oh, ’bout sixteen or so, I reckon,” he thought for a minute, taking a mental count and drawing imaginary lines in the air.  “Yep.  Sixteen, countin’ that new girl.”
“Don’t the sheriff ever worry about gettin’ caught?” Carl wondered.
“Naw.  Why should he?  Anybody complains, they’ll go to him ’cos he’s the sheriff.  He jest tells them he’ll look into it and that’s that.”
Carl made one more trip to the kitchen, then returned, latched the roll-up door shut and drove away.  It was suddenly very quiet outside.  All three boys waited in the shadows of the shrubbery.  After another five minutes, Jake decided it was safe enough to emerge from the shadows and take a look around.  By now, they had unzipped their jackets and removed the stocking caps.  It wasn’t nearly as cold outside as it had been in the back of that refrigerated truck.  Still, they were glad they had everything on to protect them from the prickly branches of the bushes.  
Darkness was settling in fast now, but they could still see pretty well.  There were several buildings close together and one other off a short distance to their left.  Jake thought it looked like the one he had seen earlier when they were at the lookout point on the western foothills above Cold Creek.  Now that they were so close, it looked almost like a dormitory.  The thought suddenly occurred to him that maybe all those girls were living in it.  A few of the windows were lit, but curtains were drawn.  There was a long porch that ran along one side and a main door.  It appeared the ground sloped away from the backside of the building.
Seth was getting fidgety. “What do you want to do first,” he asked.  But before anyone could answer, they heard the honk of a car horn around the side of the kitchen building.  Darting back to the shadows of the bushes, all three watched as two nice luxury sedans pulled into the compound.  They drove past the kitchen building and parked in front of another one a short distance beyond.  Seth snuck out of his hiding place just enough to take a look.  Four men climbed out of each car.  They were laughing and obviously ready for an exciting evening.  Entering the building, their laughing and talking became subdued but still audible enough to know they were talking to several others who had greeted them. 
Rejoining his friends, they turned their attention back to the compound in general. Jake and Seth quietly surveyed their limited options and began discussing what their plan of action would be.
“How about if we try to get over to that building and around the far end of it,” Jake whispered, pointing to the structure he thought was a dormitory.
“Okay, but we need to be sure we don’t get caught,” Seth replied.  “Where’s that gatehouse?”  Without another word, he stepped away from the bushes but stayed in the shadows to take a look.  The gatehouse was quite a distance away, but he could see there was someone standing in it.  He could also see other headlights in the distance approaching the club grounds.  Hurrying back, he motioned for Jake and Tommy to join him.  Still whispering, he suggested a plan.
“Let’s wait till just before those other cars reach the gatehouse, then make a dash for the end of the bunkhouse like Jake suggested.  The guard will be watching the cars, but we don’t want to get caught in the headlights.”
Jake and Tommy nodded in agreement.   Seth watched the gatehouse, and Jake kept his eyes open for any other signs of people moving about around the other buildings.  Jake informed Seth that all was clear and a moment later Seth whispered a terse, “Now!”  
All three boys bolted for the bunkhouse and around the far end, keeping as far away from everything else as possible.  The only other buildings close by appeared to be either storage areas or abandoned.  Catching their breath and trying to keep their adrenaline rush under control, they skirted around to the backside of the bunkhouse to take a look.  There were windows on this side as well, and some were still lit, but there was no way any of the boys would be able to listen very well, unless one stood on the shoulders of another.  
“Now what are we gonna do?” Tommy asked anxiously.
“I don’t know,” Jake said, beginning to feel discouraged as he glanced up at one dimly lit window.  “I really don’t know.”
The evening breeze had picked up, and a glow to the east signaled that the moon was rising.  It would be a little brighter tonight.
“We’d better do something pretty soon,” Seth remarked, “because the moon’s coming up and without a lot of trees around here, even a new moon can cast enough light to be seen.  It’ll be like a giant flashlight shining out here!”
Jake began walking along the base of the building, stopping under each window to listen and then moving on.  Seth and Tommy decided to join him and quietly listened as well, hoping to hear someone…especially Janet, and maybe Seth’s mom.  Only Seth, though, would be able to recognize his mother’s voice.  They had almost reached the end of the building when muffled voices could be heard under the next window.  A light suddenly flicked on, and an angry voice could be heard.
“You’ll do what I say, little missy!” they recognized the sheriff's voice.
“No one touches me!” was the defiant reply.  
All three boys looked at one another and whispered in unison, “It’s Janet!”
“I’ll do whatever I like!” the man’s voice bellowed again.  Scuffling could be heard, and something fell over, like perhaps a chair.  “I’ll tie ya down if I have ta!”
“You’ll have to catch me first!”
“That won’t be a problem!” The sheriff was still bellowing.  “I’ll git help if I need to!”
“Fine!” Janet yelled back, still defiant. “Bring ’em on!”
A moment later, a door slammed, and the room became quiet until they could hear Janet struggling with her window.
“Give me a boost!” Jake whispered to Seth.  “Hurry up!”
Seth helped hoist Jake up well enough to reach the windowsill.  Hanging on with one hand, he lightly waved with the other to get Janet’s attention.  He was met with silence.  Taking a chance, he tapped.  This time, a curtain parted, and he could see Janet’s silhouette against the windowpane.
“Janet!” Jake whispered as loud as he dared.  “It’s me, Jake!”  No response, and then the light went out.  Jake was getting ready to hop down from Seth’s shoulders when he heard a slight tap in return.  Looking up, he could see Janet again.  She was looking out the lower portion of her window and gave a quick wave and another tap.  Jake returned the tap and tried to talk to her again, but she shook her head vigorously and waved him off.
“Get away from here,” her voice was muffled, and he could hear concern in her voice.
“We’ve come to rescue you!” he whispered back.
“We?”
“Yes.  Me and Jake and Tommy.”
“You’re in danger!  You need to leave!  Now!”
“See if you can open your window!”
“It’s stuck!” Janet tried again.  Jake could barely make out in the dim light that the window had been painted shut at some point, but the paint was beginning to peel and flake off.
“Hold on!”
“We don’t have much time!  The sheriff will be back," she replied anxiously, "and I think he’s bringing help!”
Jake managed to reach into a pants pocket withdrawing a pocketknife.  Struggling to maintain his balance, he opened it.  “You okay, Seth?” he asked.
“Yeah,” he groaned, “but hurry it up!”
Jake frantically started to dig away at the paint with the blade, blowing on the flakes as he went.  Janet, in the meantime, kept trying to pull the window up.  Finally, it began to give way, and Jake was able to force his blade into the space to try to wedge it up some more, without much luck.  Carefully reaching up, he attempted to push up on the upper window frame of the pane to help Janet’s efforts.  She suddenly froze and glanced toward her room door.
“I hear someone coming!” Jake could hear the panic in her voice
“Pull harder!” he commanded her.  Together, they gave one more collective shove, and the window gave way rising up a couple of inches.  A few more shoves and pulls and the window opened up about fifteen inches more, but that was all.  It would have to do.  “You’ll have to sit on the sill, and I’ll lower you down to the ground.”
Quickly, Janet thrust one leg through the opening, followed by the other and began to ease her way out.  She kept a grip on the window frame to keep from falling out in the process.  Seth braced himself but winced at the added weight as Janet slid through and into Jake’s grasp.  Tommy stood by with his arms raised up not knowing what else to do.  Footsteps could be heard, and an angry voice obviously talking to someone else.
The door burst open as the sheriff was giving orders, “You grab her arms and I’ll get her feet!” he said to someone, then said, “Little missy, you’re in real trouble now!”  The light was flicked on along with a moment of silence until the sheriff realized his prize was missing.  “What the...” then seeing the curtains of the window fluttering in the evening breeze, he was at the window in an instant with his head stuck out.  “You cain’t get far,” he was yelling as he stood at her window gazing out at the field beyond.  “I’ll find ya, and when I do, you’ll be mighty sorry!  Yes you will!  Mighty sorry!”


Chapter 19


Lying in a heap, at the foundation of the building directly below Janet’s window, the foursome remained motionless hoping the sheriff and his goon wouldn’t see them.  A moment later, the light went out, and a door slammed shut.  Systematically, a few other lights went on in some of the other rooms, and eventually off again, but that was all.  No sounds were heard.  Untangling themselves, they wasted no time getting to their feet.
“Where to?” Jake asked Seth.
“Over there!” he pointed to the outer buildings a short distance away.  
“Wait!” Janet whispered tersely.  “Not without Sally!”
“Sally?” Tommy asked.
“My friend!  The one I came looking for in the first place!  I can’t leave her!”  She started toward the east end of the building, but Jake held her back.  
“We can’t do anything about her right now,” he began.
“I won’t leave her!”
“We’re not going to leave her, but we have to find a place to hide and make a plan.”  He pulled her in the opposite direction.  “Come on!  Before someone finds us!”
Reluctantly, Janet complied, and they all hurried to the west end of the bunkhouse.  Seth took a look around then motioned for everyone to follow, using the shadow of one lone tree part of the distance for cover.  
Reaching the first building, Seth checked the door, but it was locked.  Darting to the second building, he discovered it too was locked.  He waited and watched for a moment, then darted back to his friends who had taken cover on the shadowed side of the first building.  The moon had made its way above the nearby low hills and was beginning to cast its bluish glow on the surrounding landscape.
All four made their way around to the back of the building and waited in the shadows.  Across the valley to the west, the peaks of the towering mountain range were beginning to glow in the wash of moonlight.  Some of the small high-altitude glaciers glistened above the tree line.  A few lights from town were scattered along the main highway.  All four secretly wished they were each back in town sleeping soundly instead of waiting in the chilly night air of the Quail Club compound.  More cars arrived, and there seemed to be a bustle of activity in the guest lodge and kitchen areas.  Actually, as Janet explained, the kitchen was at one end of a large dining hall and that this evening was to be quite a big “to-do.”
“So we heard,” Seth remarked offhand.  Janet gave him a quizzical look but didn’t say anything.  He wasn’t looking at her anyway but instead was examining the back wall of the building.  “Now what do we do?” he whispered.
Before anyone could answer, they heard a soft crack behind them.  Stopping short, all four slowly turned around and found themselves facing two dark-clad figures wearing facemasks.  One held a rifle pointed directly at them.  Four sets of hands slowly went up.   Four hearts stopped beating for an instant and then sank to the pits of their stomachs.  They had been caught!
The two men never spoke a word but motioned for them to follow.  One led the tiny group around to the front of the building, the other followed with the rifle.  At the door, the first man quickly produced a key and opened the padlock.  He pulled the door ajar enough for everyone to squeeze through then closed and locked it again.  Jake tried to look through the cracks in the siding to see where they went, but without success.
“I wonder who they were?” Seth asked out loud.
“Do you think they’ll come back and let us go if we promise not to tell?”  Tommy spoke up, trying to sound hopeful.
“Tommy,” Janet spoke up.  “I just want you to know how much I appreciate you trying to rescue me...twice…all of you, actually!”  She glanced around at all three, then took Tommy’s hand and pulled him closer to her.  He obliged and held on tight, mostly out of fear.
“Well, I’m not gonna sit around here and wait for those guys to come back.  We have no idea who they are.  They could be on the sheriff’s payroll, for all we know,” he surmised.  “Heck, they could be going to get the sheriff right now!”
“So what are we going to do?” Janet was beginning to sound more anxious and less defiant.
Jake quickly shined his light around the interior.  There were metal paint buckets, some rusty, an empty gas can tossed in a corner, some sacks of compost that had split open spilling their contents; and an old wooden ladder leaning up against one wall, in addition to an assortment of ropes, tools, and other items either hanging from nails on the walls or lying around on the dirt floor.
“You might want to turn off your light,” Seth suggested.  “Someone might see the light through some of these cracks.”
Jake agreed and flicked the light off.  Heading toward the only door, he noticed a small knothole in it about three feet up from the floor.  Kneeling down, he was able to see through it well enough to watch for the sheriff or anyone else who might be approaching.
Seth, in the meantime, had walked to the back of the building near the spot where he had noticed some loose boards earlier when they were outside.  The faint moonlight helped define the individual boards of the building, and he found what he was looking for.  Pushing aside some of the clutter, he attempted to budge them enough to create a space big enough to squeeze through.  But the sound of rusted nails against weatherworn wood made him wince, and he stopped immediately, looking in Jake’s direction, who quickly took another look through the knothole, then signaled Seth to continue.  A few more pushes and he was able to dislodge two boards enough to create an opening about sixteen inches wide.  Giving a soft whistle, Jake, Tommy, and Janet stood ready to escape from their confinement. 
Leading the way, Seth wedged himself through the opening, a moment later reaching back through to help Janet.  Tommy was next, followed by Jake. 
“It sure seems quiet over there,” Jake remarked, pausing a moment to listen.  
“They’re probably having dinner,” Janet replied smugly, “getting ready for their big evening.”
“Yeah,” Jake looked at Janet, “some big meeting,” he began slowly then suddenly took a good look at Janet, exclaiming, “Your hair!  And that...that...dress!”  It was pink, too short, and easily fluttered in the evening breeze, revealing far more than she wanted any of them to see.
“Never mind about my hair and dress!” She glared at them.  “We need to get my friend outta there before all the fun begins!” she said sarcastically and started to head for the corner of the building.
“What are you doing?”  Jake grabbed her arm.
“I’m not going anywhere without Sally!” she responded, the defiance back with confidence.
Jake held tight.  “You can’t just sashay back into that bunkhouse, sidle up to your friend, and calmly invite her to accompany you off the premises!”
“Focus on what I’m trying to tell you!” she said sternly as the boys just kept staring in disbelief.  “Oh, good grief!” she was disgusted.  “Jake!  Give me your jacket,” she demanded.  “Now!”  He complied, and Janet tied it around her waist.  “Okay, now can I have your attention?”
“Yes,” Jake replied. “But let me explain to you one more time…”
“I’m tired of explanations!”
“Look!” He raised his voice.  “I want to get your friend as badly as you do.  No one should treat women this way!  Okay?  But we have to go about this the right way!  Storming into that bunkhouse right now isn’t going to help.” He paused long enough to take a deep breath.  Then lowering his voice, he continued, “We need to get away from here as quickly as possible without being seen.  We need to find an honest sheriff who can raid this place legally.”
Janet stood there for a moment, thinking about what Jake just said.  She knew he was right.  But at the same time, she was worried sick about Sally and what she might be going through.  Tears started to come.  She nodded her head in agreement then turned away so they wouldn’t see her crying.
“Hey, Janet,” Seth called to her gently, “I know how you feel.  I want to find my mom too.”
Turning around, she wiped her face and looked at Seth.  “Your mom?”
“Yeah.  It’s a long story,” he began.
“But we don’t have time for long stories right now,” Jake interrupted.  “We have to get moving…and now!”
Jake was worried that they had been standing around far too long as it was.  He couldn’t understand why someone hadn’t already been out actively looking for Janet.  But not wanting to find out at the moment, he glanced around the side of the building to get a look at the main buildings and the open area of the compound where several vehicles were now parked.  He hurried back to the group and suggested a plan.
“Let’s just start walking away from the building out across the open fields toward the lights of town.  We’ll try to use this building as a shield for as long as possible.”
“Sounds good!  Let’s go.”  Seth started out.  Tommy was at his heels without a word.  He had been taking everything in, wide-eyed and uneasy.  He really hadn’t thought about the risks or any danger they might encounter.  This was definitely intense, and the sooner they could get back to town, the better he’d like it!
“You coming?” Jake asked Janet as he started to follow the others.
“Yes,” she sounded defeated.  “I’m right behind you.”
“We’ll get help for your friend.  I promise.”  The two of them took off in the direction of Seth and Tommy, using the light of town as their beacon.
The going was rough.  The ground was uneven with rocks underfoot and wild grass brushing against their legs.  They hadn’t gone too far when Jake turned around to see how Janet was doing in her skimpy clothes and dainty shoes.  Even her shoes were pink, he had noticed earlier!  But what met his eyes now sent a jolt through his entire body.  Janet wasn’t behind him anymore.  She was back at the outbuilding they had just escaped from the peering around the back corner of it.  Jake called to Seth and Tommy to wait up.
“We have a problem!”
“What?” Seth asked looking around.
“It’s Janet.  She’s back at the shed.  I have to go back and get her.  You both wait here!  But stay down.  If we’re not back in twenty minutes, go get help as fast as you can!”
Seth and Tommy agreed and crouched down in the tall grass but kept an eye on Jake and Janet.  Jake took off running, trying not to trip and fall or twist an ankle in the process.  He was within a few feet of the shed and called to Janet.  She either didn’t hear him or didn’t want to because she started to move around the side of the building heading in the direction of the bunkhouse.
“Janet!” he whispered loudly, not at all pleased with her decision.
She froze for a moment and ducked back into the shadows of the shed staring out into the darkness of the field.
“Janet!  Wait up!”  Jake had now gotten close enough for her to see him.
“You didn’t need to come back,” she said stoically.  “I can take care of this myself.”
“Yeah, I can see that.” There was a tone of sarcasm in his voice as he finally reached her side.
“Well, I’m not going to sashay back to the building, as you suggested I would.  I am going to go get Sally though.” 
“So what’s your plan?” He just looked at her.
“If you must know, now would be a perfect time to rescue her because everyone is eating, even that stupid sheriff!”
“And you don’t think anyone will be guarding the bunkhouse?”
“I...,” she hesitated then replied, “No!  I don’t!  I think everyone is eating.  Why wouldn’t they be?”
“Right.  The sheriff knows you’ve already escaped, and he’s okay with that.  Sure.  Everyone is eating, and no one is looking for you!”  He was definitely not happy with her plan or her reasoning.
“Don’t tell me what to do!”
“Someone needs to!  This is crazy!”  He took her arm. “You’re coming with me and the guys.”
Janet resisted and pulled to get away.  Jake kept his grip and tried to pick her up to throw over his shoulder.  She started to fight back and screamed at one point.  Clapping his hand over her mouth, Jake whispered in her ear with as much authority as he could muster.  “Either shut up and come with me or I will leave you right here where they can find you.”  He had barely made his remark when voices could be heard coming from the other buildings.
“What’s going on?”  Janet asked.
“Oh, nothing much,” he remarked dryly, “other than you just alerted everyone where you are!”
“Oh my gosh!” she was trembling.  “If you had just left me alone, I could have handled this!” She attempted to sound convincing, but without success.
“Okay.  You have two seconds to make up your mind.  Stay here, or come with me!” his voice was terse.  
“He’s right,” an unexpected voice broke in.
Janet froze, and Jake whipped around to look at a dark-clad figure standing behind them.  An icy chill ran down his back.  They’d been found…again.


Chapter 20


Jake and Janet stood facing the man who had just spoken to them.  He reached up and removed the ski mask covering his face.  Janet gasped!  It was Greg Danes.  Her face displayed a mix of confusion, relief, and fear.  After all, the last time she saw Greg they were hiding out in a cave high in the mountains, and he had left her there, drugged and alone.  She stepped behind Jake and held on to him.  He, in turn, accepted the role of protector.
“Don’t worry,” Greg said.  “We’re not going to hurt you.  In fact, we thought we had all of you safely locked away in this shed.  We just didn’t figure you’d find a way out!”
“I don’t understand,” Janet said from behind Jake back.  “What are you doing here?”
“My job.” His answer was firm.
“Your job?  You mean you work for the sheriff and patrol his...his...place? Janet demanded.
“No, I don’t work for the sheriff.”  Greg reached into a pocket and pulled out a leather wallet, flipping it open.  Inside, the moonlight reflected off a badge.  Janet let go of Jake and approached Greg to take a closer look.  “We’re federal agents.”
“We?” Jake stated with a raised eyebrow.
“My partner and I.  We’ve been watching the sheriff and his cronies for quite some time now.  Seems they’ve been operating a rather lucrative business out here.  Illegally.  Time to shut them down.”
“But I don’t understand...the cave.  You left me there...”
“I was trying to protect you.” He chuckled.  “You know you are a very stubborn woman!”
“Tell me about it,” Jake agreed with a wry smile.
“I’ll explain later, but right now you and your other two friends need to get away from here before everything starts to hit the fan.”  Greg took Janet by the arm and began to lead her away from the building and back out to the field where Seth, and Tommy were waiting.
“But Sally…” Janet began to protest once again.
“Your friend will be okay,” he promised.  “You have to trust me.” Still holding her arm they walked a short distance farther when Greg added without looking at her, “Nice outfit.”
“Shut up,” she mumbled in disgust as Greg chuckled.
Jake followed, keeping an eye on Greg.  Maybe Janet felt comfortable with him, but Jake wasn’t so sure, at least not for the moment.  
A short distance farther and they rejoined the others, along with Greg’s partner, Frank, who had been waiting with them.  “Everyone accounted for?” he asked Greg.
“For the moment, yes.”
“This must be Janet,” he remarked.  “Too bad we don’t have time to get better acquainted,” he smiled at her, “but we have a date with some idiots.”  The smile left as he and Greg gathered up a couple of things and got ready to return to the compound.
“Okay, kids,” Greg began.  “This is the deal.  You make a beeline for those lights over there,” he pointed toward Cold Creek, “and don’t stop until you get there.  Is that clear?”
“Yes, sir,” Tommy and Seth replied.  He’d get no argument from them.  “Jake?  Janet?”  Greg looked at both of them.
Jake nodded his head in agreement, but Janet turned to look back toward the bunkhouse.
“Janet!  We don’t have time to play games!”
“I’m not playing games!” she retorted.
“Look! If you interfere in any way with this operation, I will personally arrest you and throw you in jail!”  He wasn’t kidding.  “I’ve been trying to keep you out of the way and safe ever since I found you on that back road to my cabin.”  He walked right up to her and stared her down.  “Do not go back there and that’s an order!”  His tone was sharp and commanding.
“Okay,” she agreed finally.  “I’ll stay with these guys.”
“Good.  Now, everyone, get going!”  As he and Frank headed off, Greg thought of one more thing and called back to them. “And don’t use any flashlights out there.  Just the moonlight.  That’s it.  Understood?”
“Yes,” they all replied and began their trek back to town.  Seth led the way, hunting and pecking his way along.  Tommy carefully stepped wherever Seth did.  Janet was having more difficulty due to her party shoes.  The air was chilly, and she finally untied Jake’s jacket from around her waist and started to put it on instead.  Hesitating, she asked him if that was okay, and he said it was.  He still had a T-shirt and flannel shirt on.  Watching Janet struggle in her flimsy shoes, he finally offered to carry her piggyback.  She gratefully accepted.  Once settled, Jake made better time, catching up to Seth and Tommy.  They finally reached a wire fence.  Seth decided they’d have to climb through it.  Taking off his jacket, he laid it across one of the middle wires.  Jake helped Janet to the ground.  They let Tommy go through first followed by Janet.  Jake went next and then held the wires apart for Seth.  The group started off again until they heard some popping sounds in the distance behind them.
All four stopped and turned to look back toward the Quail Club.  They could see the silhouettes of people running and then some shouting.  More popping.
“Gunfire!” Seth exclaimed.
“Oh no!”  Janet was anxious and took a step.
“Stay here!” Jake ordered her.  “Remember what Danes said?”
“I know...but Sally!”
Then they heard a small explosion, and women screaming.  Janet was tense…riveted to her spot.   “No...,” she whimpered in defeat, tears streaming once again as they all watched in horror as the bunkhouse erupted in flames.  “No...no...no...,” she kept repeating as her tears developed into hysterical sobbing.
“Take her!”  Jake ordered Seth.  “Stay here!”
“Where are you going?”  Seth called to him, but Jake had already taken off in a full sprint back toward the compound in spite of Greg’s warning.  
Panting heavily, he reached the wire fence and scrambled through, oblivious to any cuts or scratches.  Track and field had never been his athletic passion, yet here he was, making the dash of his life.  The moon was sufficiently high enough now to cast some decent light on the field, at least well enough to illuminate where he was going, even if he did miss seeing some of the potholes and larger rocks along the way.  
As he approached the vicinity of their previous temporary confinement, he stopped to catch his breath and survey the scene.  More shots rang out, and he dropped to the ground, lying flat, barely raising his head to see what was going on and where everyone seemed to be.  For once in his life, he wanted to do something significant.  Helping Janet find her friend was going to be his opportunity.  Even so, he was scared to death!  In fact, now that he had gotten this far, he didn’t really know what to do next until he heard someone coming.
Scrambling to his feet, he ran up to the backside of the shed and crouched down in the shadows, waiting.  He could hear the panting and footfalls of someone coming in his direction.  He also could hear the voice of a woman, pleading to be let go.
“You shut up!” a man’s voice was yelling at her. “Just shut up!”
“Please!” she was pleading again until Jake heard a slap and the girl’s whimpered response.  A moment later, a short stout man rounded the end of the building, jerking the young woman along with him finally thrusting her to the ground.
“You are nothing but trouble, missy!” Sheriff Wilcox snarled at her.  “Nothing but trouble!  You and that...that friend of yours!  She’s run off, and now you was trying to run off.  Well, this here’s the end of the line fer you!”  
Another explosion startled the sheriff.  He hurried to the corner of the shed to take a look.  More gunfire erupted.  Jake could tell the bunkhouse was completely on fire now.  The red and orange light it gave off was increasing, and he could smell the smoke swirling around. Jake pressed his body into the ground as flat as he could, hoping his dark clothes would help keep him camouflaged long enough for the sheriff to move on and not discover him.  The grass and weeds growing around the base of the back wall contributed some cover as well.  A few burning embers landed nearby.  He just hoped none of the grass would catch fire!
Evidently the sheriff got spooked.  He kicked at the woman where she lay lifeless and took off toward the open field and in the direction of Seth, Tommy, and Janet.  Jake hoped they were staying alert and watching for anything unusual because he was sure they were waiting for him and had not continued on to Cold Creek.
Jake counted to ten before he dared raise his head to look around.  The light from the fire had greatly illuminated everything around, and he could see the girl lying in the weeds nearby.  Crawling over to her, he tried to determine if she were dead or alive.  A slight moan gave him his answer.  He looked off toward the field but saw nothing.  In the distance, the lights of Cold Creek seemed almost unreal.  How he wished he were home in bed right now or having a late-night snack with his Uncle Pete and talking about the day’s events.  There usually wasn’t much to talk about, but that was all changing now.
Another popping sound caught his attention, but it wasn’t gunfire.  Jake stood up and looked at the shed.  The sound was coming from inside it.  Some wisps of smoke drifted from cracks between the wallboards.  The shed was on fire!  It wouldn’t take long for it to become completely involved.  Quickly, he picked up the young woman and struggled to carry her as far away from the burning building as he could get.  He remembered seeing a gas can thinking it was empty but and who knows what else was in there ready to explode.  He could hear more shouting, but he didn’t think anyone had seen him.  There was so much commotion going on.
Jake stopped for a moment to catch his breath and decided to reposition the woman over his shoulder.  His only thought was to head back out across the field and away from all the excitement and potential danger.  Minutes marched by slowly, he thought, as he continued his desperate attempt to escape the growing raging inferno and flying bullets.  At last, he reached the wire fence and sat the woman down on the ground.  He crouched next to her, keeping her propped up.  She started to moan again and finally looked up at Jake.
“Who are you?” Her question was weak and almost inaudible.
“My name’s Jake,” he replied.  “I’m a friend of one of the girls the Sheriff had locked up in that bunkhouse…Janet.”
“Janet?” she seemed bit more alert.  “You know Janet?  Where is she?”  The young woman tried to look around but still seemed dazed and confused.  Jake wondered if she had been drugged.
“She's safe,” he reassured her.  “In fact she’s nearby.  We need to keep going, though, if we want to catch up with her.”  He kept looking at her then suddenly asked, “Are you Sally?”
“Hmm?  What?” she blinked at him.  “Umm, yes, I’m Sally,” she answered groggily.
“Thank God!”  Jake stood up and pulled Sally to her feet.  “Do you think you can walk for a little while?  It might help clear your head.  Do you think you could do that?”
“Yes.  I’ll try.”
Jake pulled off his flannel shirt and laid it across one wire while pulling up on another so Sally could squeeze through.  Then he followed, grabbing his shirt.  He was about to put it back on when he handed it to Sally instead.
“Put this on.  It’ll keep you warm.”
“Thank you,” she replied weakly.
Jake took one more look at all the devastation behind him.  In the opposite direction, he could hear sirens and finally saw the flashing red, blue, and amber lights of fire trucks and other emergency vehicles racing to the Quail Club compound.  For sure, he and Uncle Pete would have plenty to talk about in the weeks ahead.
Jake and Sally walked for another fifteen minutes or so until they could hear some muffled voices up ahead.  They approached with caution, watching for any signs of danger.  
Sally seemed to be getting her wits back with the exercise and cold night air.  “What’s going on?” she whispered.
“I’m not sure, but we need to be as quiet as possible.”  Jake held her by the hand as they continued toward the area where he had left his three companions.  The muffled voices grew louder as he and Sally approached.  Finally, they could make out the voice of Janet.  It was obvious she was extremely agitated at someone.  
“You!  You underhanded snake!  You vile and putrid slime ball!  You disgusting, poor excuse for a human being!  You don’t deserve to live!  It would give me tremendous pleasure to kick your sorry…”
“Janet!” he heard Seth yell over her screaming tirade.  “Calm down!”
“Calm down?  Calm down? After all he has done?  He doesn’t deserve to live.  He doesn’t deserve to breath!  He doesn’t deserve to…”
“Okay!” Seth yelled again.  “I totally agree with you.  And if we could string him up by his…”
“Hey!  Guys!”  Jake interrupted.
“Jake!” Tommy ran to greet his friend.  “Jake!  You’re alive!  You…” Tommy stopped short when he saw the young woman with him.  “Who’s that?”
Janet spun around, hesitated for a moment, and then ran to Sally.  “Oh my God!  Oh my God!  You’re safe!  You really are!  You're safe!”  The two girls embraced with tremendous joy, tears of relief streaming down their faces.
“Who is that, Jake?”  Tommy whispered.  
“It’s Sally, Tom,” he answered in a tired voice.  “It’s Janet’s best friend...Sally.”  Jake walked over to Seth who was sitting on the pudgy body of a struggling Sheriff Wilcox.  “What’d’ya got there, Seth?” he asked smugly.  Then he bent down to look the sheriff in the eye.  “You are such a disgrace to law enforcement,” he said calmly.  I can hardly wait for the feds to get their hands on you.”  Looking closer, he could see that the sheriff had been hog-tied with Seth and Tommy’s belts.  “Nice touch,” he patted his friend on the back.  “Nice touch.”
Overhead in the distance, he could hear a different sound.  A helicopter.
“Everyone!” he called out.  “Grab a flashlight!  Shine it toward that helicopter coming in!”  Jake, Seth, and Tommy each flicked on a light and aimed it skyward.  “Wave them back and forth to get the pilot’s attention!”
The chopper passed overhead but kept going toward the fiery compound and circled it a couple of times before hovering.  Then moments later, it headed back in their direction.
“Keep waving your lights!”  Jake called out again.
By now, the girls were waving their arms and screaming for help.  The helicopter circled them and turned on its spotlight.  Everyone frantically waved and shouted as it hovered over them. The helicopter finally landed a few yards away, kicking up dust and debris in the process.  A side door slid open and two men hopped out, hurrying toward them with guns drawn.
“Keep you hands in the air!”
“Okay!” they all responded and did so.  As the men approached, one of them radioed to someone.  They could hear a crackled response but kept their hands high in the air.  Both men shone lights on the bedraggled group then one of them caught sight of the sheriff tied up on the ground.
“Who’s that?”
“Sheriff Wilcox,” Seth volunteered quickly.  “We caught him!”
Again, one of the men radioed to someone saying that the sheriff had been apprehended, along with five other individuals.
“Hey!” Seth began to complain.  “We’re not the bad guys!  He is!” He jerked his head in the direction of the sheriff.
“Yeah!” Tommy joined in.  “We were just on a rescue mission!”
“A what?”
“A-a-a rescue mission,” he answered more quietly, not wanting to get into any more trouble.
Shining the lights back and forth between all five companions, the men steadied their lights on Janet and Sally.  “Rescue, huh?” One of them chuckled.
“It’s not what you think!” Jake snapped at them.  “These girls were kidnapped... well, at least Sally was.”  He tried to calm down.  “Well, so was Janet.  She was trying to rescue Sally, but got caught too, so we decided...to...help...” Jake thought it was time to stop talking.  It all sounded too incredulous, even to him.
“Well, we’re going to have to make two trips to get all of you outta this field.”
“Are you agents too?”  Janet finally spoke up.
One of the men turned to her. “What do you mean?”
“Like Greg Danes.  You know...Federal agents.”
“You know Danes?”
“Yes.”  
One of the agents had already removed the belts the boys had used to tie up the sheriff replacing them with handcuffs.  He marched the sheriff over to the helicopter.  “Who else wants to go this first trip?”
“Me!”  Tommy called out.  “Can I put my hands down now?”
Without warning, laughter erupted, and an embarrassed Tommy turned away.
“It’s okay, Tom,” Jake reassured him.  “We’d all like to put our hands down.”
“Yes, you can put your hands down,” the agent said, “and yes, I’m a federal agent, like Danes.”  With a chuckle, he motioned for Tommy to head for the chopper.  Seth agreed to accompany him.  Moments later, the helicopter was taking off and heading toward Cold Creek.
“So,” Janet wanted to know, “what’s your name?”
“You can call me Agent Bradley.”
A brisk wind had picked up fluttering the short flimsy dresses both Janet and Sally were wearing.
“Rescue mission, huh?” Agent Bradley remarked again with a slight smile and walked off a short distance to make a call on his radiophone.


Chapter 21


Jake woke up with a start.  He had been dreaming…a confusion of images and people and flashing lights and chaotic sounds.  Sitting up, he looked around and realized he was in his own bed at home.  Sunlight illuminated the curtained window.  Stiffly, he got up and stretched.  His body ached in several places and he winced.  Walking to the window, he pulled aside the curtain and gazed outside.  The sky was blue, and a breeze was rustling the leaves of an elm tree nearby.  Memories flooded back, and he wondered how his friends and Janet and Sally were doing.
A short while later, he walked into the kitchen to find Uncle Pete standing at the stove.  “Morning, Uncle Pete,” he greeted his uncle, still feeling groggy.
“Afternoon’s more like it,” Uncle Pete turned around with a big grin.  “You hungry?” he asked.  “I thought I heard you gittin’ up.”
“Yeah,” he replied.  “Something to eat sounds like a good idea.” Jake sat down at the small kitchen table and gazed out the tiny kitchen window over the sink.  “How long have I been asleep?”
“Nearly all day,” he answered, walking over to the table with a plate of hot food.  “It’s about three in the afternoon.”
“Wow,” Jake responded and slowly began to eat.  “Have you heard from Seth?  And where’s Tommy?”
“Haven’t heard from anybody yet, and Tommy’s still sleeping in my room.”
“Your room?”
“Yeah, I took the couch.  Don’t you remember?”
“Yeah, okay...yeah, I remember.” He took another bite.  “It all seems like a bad dream.  I wonder how Janet and her friend Sally are.”
“Well, I did hear about that,” Uncle Pete went on.  “They were both airlifted to the hospital in the next county.  You know that big newfangled one.”
Jake smiled at his uncle, “That’s good.  I hope they're both okay.”  Jake finished the rest of his meal in silence, still thinking about the events of the past week and shaking his head in disbelief.  The phone rang and Uncle Pete walked over to pick it up.
“I reckon so,” he said to the caller.  “Okay,” he said, then hung up.
“Who was that?”  Jake wanted to know.
“That agent of yours, Greg somebody.”
“Danes,” Jake filled in.  “Greg Danes.  What did he want?”
“He’s coming over in about an hour to talk to you and ask you some questions.  I figured you might as well get it all over with as quick as possible so’s they can wrap this thing up and go home.”
“Wrap it all up?” he asked absently.
“Yeah, it’s been all over the news on TV.  There’s all kinds of reporters and TV crews in town, and we’ve been selling a lot of gas,” his uncle reported.  “That much is good anyway.”
Jake stared out the window again, then got up and took his dishes to the sink.
“I’ll take care of that,” his uncle offered.  “Why don’t you step outside for some fresh air and sun before it starts to get dark?”
“Thanks, I think I will.”  Jake headed out the back door and stepped off the porch when his uncle popped his head out the door.
“Might be best if you stay back here outta sight for a while, unless you want to talk to some of them nosy reporters.”
Jake nodded but wondered where he could go and not be seen.  He ended up just sitting on the porch steps listening to a bird chirping in a nearby tree.  The breeze was comfortable as he mulled over everything again and again.  He thought about his friends, Seth and Tommy.  Poor Tommy!  He sure hadn’t planned on a week quite like this one when his parents left for their cruise.  Jake was sure they wouldn’t let him hang out with Tommy ever again after this.
He heard some excited voices and looked toward the store and gas station.  Some reporters had caught sight of him and were coming his way in a hurry.  Jake jumped to his feet and ran back inside the kitchen door, locking it behind him.  He went into the living room to find his uncle peeking through the curtains of a front window and muttering something unintelligible, but Jake let him mutter and instead went to check on Tommy.  Poking his head in the doorway of his uncle’s bedroom, he found Tommy still in bed but staring at the ceiling.  Hearing Jake, he turned to look at him and then smiled.
“Hi, Jake.” He was still grinning.
“Hey, Tom.” He grinned back and sat on the edge of the bed.  “How are ya doing?”  He watched as his friend sat up in bed.
“Good!” he responded, his eyes wide with excitement.  “We did it, didn’t we?  We really did!” He was exuberant.  “We rescued Janet and her friend!  We did good, didn’t we, Jake?”
“Yes, we did,” Jake couldn’t help but smile at his friend.  What a relief. He didn’t seem to be upset.  “Did you sleep good?”
“Yup!”  He climbed out of bed and walked over to the window to peer outside.  “What time is it?”
“It’s a little after four in the afternoon.”
“Really?” he seemed surprised.  “When did you get up?”
“Just a little bit ago,” he answered.  “You hungry?”
“Yeah!  I’m starved!”
“I’ll go tell Uncle Pete you’re up.  Come on out when you’re ready.  We’ll have some food ready for you.”
“Thanks, Jake.”  Just then there was a tap on the front door.  “Who’s that?” he wondered.
“Don’t know.  Guess I’d better go find out.”  Jake walked down the hall to the living room and noticed his uncle had answered the door.
“Sure thing, come on in,” he was saying.  A moment later, Greg Danes stepped inside, along with a dog—a beautiful Black Labrador.
“Sit down, boy,” he directed his dog, then looked up and saw Jake.
“Good to see you, Jake.”  Greg walked over to him and shook his hand.  “I hope you slept well.  I got here a little sooner than I anticipated.  Quite a crowd of reporters out there.”  He jerked his head that direction.
“Yeah, I guess so, and yeah, I did sleep well.  Thanks.”
Uncle Pete directed everyone to sit down and get comfortable then disappeared into the kitchen.  They could hear him clanking around and opening and shutting cabinet doors.  Jake called out to his uncle, nearly forgetting that Tommy was awake.
“Uncle Pete?  Tommy’s awake and he says he’s starved!”
“I’ll fix him up,” his uncle called back.
“How’s Tommy doing?” Greg asked.
“Good.” Jake let out a little laugh.  “He’s all excited that we saved Janet and Sally.  I think he really likes Janet.”  Jake smiled and felt a little embarrassed looking at Greg.  
“I like her too.  She is quite...spirited...I think.”  He grinned then continued, “I needed to ask you a few questions…just routine stuff.  I’ve already talked to Seth.”
“You have?” Jake seemed surprised.
“Yes, well, Frank and I asked him to stay with us last night when we found out he lived alone,” he said.  “We didn’t think it was such a good idea for him to be by himself just yet.”
Jake nodded and was struck with the compassion Greg expressed for Seth and his circumstances.  “That was nice of you.”
Greg smiled then said, “Frank’s bringing him over in about twenty minutes.  We want to fill you boys in on some of the details of what’s been going on over the past few months.  We thought it might be more appropriate if you heard it from us rather than getting it piecemeal from the media.”
“Thanks,” Jake replied.  “It would be nice to know what the heck’s been going on around here.”  He hesitated then asked, “Is Greg Danes your real name?”
“My real name?” There was a slight smile on Greg’s face. “No.  It isn't.  But if I told you, I'd have to…"
"I know.  You'd have to kill me, right?" Jake grinned.
"Naw.  I'd just have to swear you to secrecy.  "Might as well keep referring to me as Agent Danes for now."  He looked at Jake, “Any more questions?”
“I guess not,” Jake replied.  He and Agent Danes spent the next few minutes going over some details of Jake’s participation of the previous night’s events.  Then, after Tommy had finished eating, Jake left the room and let Greg talk to him for a few minutes.  Eventually, Agent Bradley and Seth arrived, but came in the back door in an attempt to avoid the media.  Everyone took seats in the living room, anxious to hear what the agents had to say.
“First off,” Greg began, “Frank and I apologize for any misunderstandings that may have developed recently, but we had a job to do.”
Everyone nodded, indicating that they now understood.
“This case had been evolving over the past few years, actually, but we didn’t get involved until just a few months ago when some missing persons reports were brought to our attention.”  He paused for a moment then continued, “Local law enforcement agents in several states were beginning to notice a pattern of activity involving the disappearance of young women.  These gals would attend a party at someone's special invitation then suddenly disappear without a trace as to where they had gone.”
“You mean like Janet’s friend, Sally,” Jake volunteered.
“Exactly, and because it involved similar activity in more than one state, Federal agents were called in,” Greg said.
“Yes, except in Sally’s case, ” Frank picked up the story, “Janet was not only aware that something had happened but she managed to follow the kidnappers in her car, driving all night and ending up in Cold Creek.  Once in the area, however, she lost sight of the car, but you probably know the rest of that story.”  
Actually Jake and his friends really didn’t know all those details, but it didn’t matter now.  They just wanted to hear what else the two agents had to say about the Quail Club, in particular, and how the sheriff was involved.
Greg and Frank both shared details of the events that led up to them coming to the area and hanging out in the mountains.  Frank tried to stay out of sight as much as possible.  It turned out that he had actually become an infrequent visitor at the Quail Club in an attempt to get some inside information from any of the woman living and working there.  He was lucky to have met an older woman, named Claire, who had been at the club for quite a long while…several years, in fact.  At the mention of the woman’s name, Seth sat up straight and stared at Frank intently.
“Do you know where she is now?” he asked anxiously.
“She’s safe.  We had her taken to the hospital, along with the rest of the girls from the club…well, except for two who didn’t make it.  So there will be charges filed for those wrongful deaths.”
Everyone sat quietly for a moment, then Jake asked, “Who’s Claire?” but looked in Seth’s direction.
Seth looked at Jake.  “My mom,” he said quietly and exhaled, leaning back on the sofa, his eyes closed.
“That’s right,” Frank confirmed.  “After I met Claire, I showed up for ‘visits,’ explaining to the management that I often passed through the area on business.  Didn’t want them to get suspicious so my visits were about every four or five weeks apart and I always asked for Claire.  But she and I spent our time talking about what was going on out there.  She wasn’t happy and tried to escape a few times but always got caught, hauled back, and beaten up.”  Frank looked at Seth.  “I asked if she’d be willing to be an informant for us and she agreed.  She was our inside person.” Frank paused, waiting for Seth to say something, but he didn’t.  “We weren’t thrilled with the idea of her having to stay there and keep up appearances, but she said she’d do it if it meant breaking up the racket.”
Both Frank and Greg went on to explain that the Quail Club had become a trafficking operation, both in women and drugs.  They had become a part of a national network that sought out certain types of women and had them transported to the Quail Club and other similar establishments around the country.  They were even exporting women overseas via online auctions.  A lot of the women had become drug mules.  Those who cooperated were compensated with either money or drugs, whichever they preferred.  
Early on, Seth’s mom had been accepting money.  It was during one of his visits that Frank discovered that she was planning another escape and had been saving her money to help with that.  He looked at Seth again.
“I knew about the money,” Seth said.  “I used to sneak into the property late at night to meet my mom.  She’d wait until everyone was asleep and crawl out her window.  We’d meet at that old tractor that had been sitting in the field for a while.  She’d give me the money to hide and then hurry back to her room before anyone would notice.” Seth teared up a bit and quickly wiped his eyes.
“One night she didn’t come and I began to worry.  So I finally decided I should leave and that’s when someone came up behind me.  It was the sheriff.  It turns out that he caught my mom sneaking out and beat her bad.  She finally told him what she had been doing.  So he came to meet me instead.  He told me to keep my mouth shut, or he’d shut it for me…permanently.”  Seth looked at his friends who were quietly listening, completely dumfounded.
“He made a deal with me, that if I worked for him, he wouldn’t hurt my mom or me.  But I had to do whatever he asked.  And that if I didn’t, he’d kill my mom...and me too.”  He looked at his friends and pleaded, “Please don’t hate me, guys.”
“We don’t hate you, Seth,” Jake responded quietly.  “I just wish we could have helped you.  I wish you could’ve said something to us.”
The mood in the room was somber.  Another troubling piece was to discover that the authorities believed the bunkhouse and several other buildings had been rigged with explosives.
“The evidence so far seems to indicate that.” Greg was explaining.  “We suspect that the idea was to be able to destroy any evidence of their activities, including the women and some of the staff.  Dead people don’t tell tales.”
“That’s terrible!” Tommy finally spoke up.
“You’re right, Tom,” Greg agreed.   But we want to thank you for helping, in spite of the challenges you three presented us over the last few days.” He gave them all a wry smile then chuckled.  “And Janet.  That girl has a lot of spunk,” he chuckled.
“Yes,” Frank added.  “Plus, we were able to collect other evidence that will help us close down some or all of the other places in this network.”  He explained that several of the ‘guests’ who had shown up last night were also agents posing as interested buyers and dealers.  They were able to confiscate files, computers, and other information before the fire destroyed nearly everything that would help in the overall investigation nationwide.
“Heck!  This was some kind of a big deal,” Uncle Pete finally said, letting out a low whistle.
“Yes, a big deal indeed!”  Frank said.
Both men got up to leave.  Greg’s dog stood up too.  “Good boy, Shadow.”  Both men shook hands with everyone and started to leave.  
“S-so... uh... Gre…I mean, Agent Danes,” Jake stammered.
“Yes?” Greg looked at Jake.
“So where are you guys going now?”  He suddenly felt awkward asking.
“Home!” they both responded with a laugh as Frank walked to a front window.
“Home?” Seth asked, curious.  “Where’s home?”
“Idaho,” Greg answered.  “It’s been a long assignment.”  He patted Jake on the back and gave him a knowing smile.  “Frank and I will be out of here by tomorrow morning.”
Frank peered through the drapes at the window.  “Mind if we head out the back door? ” he asked noticing several news people had reassembled.
“Not at all,” Uncle Pete replied.  “If ya like, I kin distract them media folks while you get away.”
Frank chuckled.  “Actually, that’s not a bad idea, if you don't mind.  We’d prefer to stay anonymous, if possible.  I think everyone was inside the store getting coffee and donuts when Seth and I showed up a while ago.”
“Let them know there will be a news conference at the sheriff’s office in about an hour,” Greg told Pete.
Both agents headed for the kitchen and the back door, while Uncle Pete stepped out on the porch and started to talk to the reporters in his easy country way.  A few minutes later he stepped back in and locked the front door.
“Uncle Pete?” Jake asked, shutting the front door.  “Do you mind if we just hang out here for a while?”
“Not at all.  You boys jest stay inside.”
“Who’s minding the store?” Jake suddenly wondered.
“Oh, I got Andy to do that,” his uncle smiled real big.  “He’s feeling mighty important talking to all them reporters and getting his picture took and all.”  Pete wandered into the kitchen and left his nephew and friends to themselves.
“Wow,” was all any of them could think to say.  “I can’t believe all that has happened,” Jake remarked, slumping down on the sofa.  “How are you doing, Seth?” he asked his pal.
“I’m okay.  I’m just glad my mom is all right.  I worried that she was dead after the sheriff found me that night.  I hadn’t heard from her since then.”  He joined Jake on the sofa.  Tommy chose Uncle Pete’s old recliner and popped up the footrest. 
“So what are you gonna do when she gets out of the hospital?”  Jake asked.
“I don’t know,” he said quietly.  “I think I’ll let her decide what we should do.  I still have the money she’d been giving me, plus some of my own I’d been saving.  We’ll just have to wait and see.”
Jake looked at Tommy. “Hey, Tom.  How are you doing?”  Now that the whole story had been shared, he wondered if Tommy was still as excited as he had been earlier.
“I’m okay,” he said.  “I can hardly wait to tell my folks all about this though,” he added.  “They won’t believe it!”
“Well, I’m sure they will hear about it before they get home from their trip, what with all these reporters around here.”
“Oh...yeah,” he seemed a little disappointed that he wouldn’t be the first to tell them.
“Well, you can fill them in on the details, Tom.”
“Yeah!” He pushed down the footrest and hopped out the recliner, heading for the kitchen, asking Uncle Pete if there was anything else to eat.
“I wonder how Janet is doing and her friend, Sally?” Seth asked Jake.
“Me too.”  He reached for the TV remote and flicked on the set, selecting a network station.  It was just about five o’clock, and he wondered if maybe there was something about the girls on the news.  The events of the previous evening were the top story with all kinds of stories from reporters in various locations gathering what scraps of information they could.  There were promises of a live news conference coming at any moment.  Tommy had returned with a plate of oatmeal cookies, which he passed around, then hopped back in the recliner, and settled in to watch too.
“Hey, Uncle Pete!  Come see this!” Jake called out to his uncle.
Pete hurried in just in time to see a quick live interview with Andy in the store.  He was beaming with pride, acting as the spokesperson for Jake and his uncle.  Everyone had to laugh as they watched Andy mug for the cameras.  He was living this moment up!
“He’s got no idea what you boys have been through,” Uncle Pete remarked.
“That’s okay.  Let him have his moment.” Jake smiled.  The levity actually helped ease the strain of the afternoon.
They also discovered, via the reports, that a sheriff from the next county was standing guard outside the house to keep reporters from bothering all of them.  
“Sounds like you boys might all want to jest hang out here for the next couple of days,” Pete suggested.  Each one agreed.
They spent the rest of the evening clicking from channel to channel, hoping to hear something substantial about the girls, other than they had been admitted to the hospital for observation, along with all the other women.  Seth had hoped to catch a glimpse of his mom, but everyone had been whisked into the hospital and no cameras were allowed inside.
Late in the evening, the phone rang.  Uncle Pete answered, then walked over to Seth and said it was for him.  He gave Uncle Pete a curious look then went to the phone.  Then they heard him exclaim, “Mom!”  Turning away from everyone, they could tell he was crying.  The conversation didn’t last long, but when he returned to the sofa and sat down he smiled and said, “She going to be fine.  They’re going to keep her for a couple of days though.”
“That’s great news, Seth,” Jake responded and gave his friend a pat on the shoulder.
Uncle Pete left the room and came back later with an old army cot and began putting it together.  “I reckon I can sleep on this so Seth can have the sofa.”
Seth began to protest, but Uncle Pete said Seth deserved to have a soft bed for a couple of days after all he’d been through, even if it was just a sofa, and there’d be no arguing about it.  Seth gratefully accepted and thanked Uncle Pete.
They ate a late dinner and watched some more news until Tommy began to yawn and rub his eyes.
“Ready for bed, Tom?” Jake asked.
“I guess I am kinda tired,” he said.
“I think we all are,” Jake agreed.
Within an hour, everyone had gone to bed, including Uncle Pete, who seemed completely content to sleep on the old cot.  As each drifted off in their own world of thoughts, they wondered what tomorrow would bring.


Chapter 22


“Ah!  What a shot!” Seth moaned with a grin.  He and Tommy had just joined Jake at the store, and they all decided to rack up some balls in the pool room.  It had been nearly a week since all the excitement had taken place.  Most of the media had left town in search of new stories to pursue, and Cold Creek had, once again, become just a speck on the map.  The townsfolk were glad things had settled down after all the frenzy of cameras, microphones, and law enforcement personnel everywhere.  They preferred their quiet little town, although everyone was still buzzing about the events that had unfolded.  If nothing else, it had provided them with a lot of things to gossip and visit about for quite some time, as well as generating some unexpected revenue to boot.
“So, Seth,” Jake began then took another shot.  He sunk a ball and walked around the table to take aim on another one.  “Have you and your mom had much time to talk yet?”
“Yeah, but she doesn’t feel real comfortable getting out right now.  People stare at her and avoid speaking to her.  She figures they all think she’s a tramp of some kind.  They just don’t understand things.”
Jake stopped in mid-aim and stood up looking at this friend.  “Do you think you’re going to move then?”
“She wants to, but I don’t know where...except she has a sister living in the Midwest and thought we might at least go for a visit, just to get away for a while.”
“That might be a good idea, Seth, especially after all she’s been through...and you too.”  Jake took his shot and missed.  “Your turn, Tom.”
While Tommy lined up a shot, Jake walked over to Seth and gave him a pat on the shoulder.  “I’d sure miss you, but things can’t always stay the same, can they?”
“Nope.  They can’t.”  Seth blew out a breath of air and watched as Tommy sunk a ball with great delight, then asked Jake, “Have you heard anything about Janet or her friend?”
“Not a word,” he replied, then congratulated Tommy on sinking another ball.  
Uncle Pete poked his head in the doorway.  “You boys want something to eat or drink?
They each asked for a soda, and Uncle Pete said he’d bring them something right away.  The little bell at the front door to the store rang indicating a customer had come in, so Pete hurried back out.  
Tommy missed his next shot, and it was Seth’s turn again.  He lined up his cue and sent the balls scurrying all over the table.
“What d’ya call that?” Jake laughed.  He laughed even harder when two balls dropped into opposite pockets.  “Geez!  Maybe I should try that!”  All three laughed heartily.  It felt good to laugh.
“Do you think she’ll ever come back?” Seth asked Jake.
“Who?” Tommy wanted to know.
“Janet,” Jake and Seth said in unison.
“Did I hear someone mention my name?”  All three boys whirled around and stared at the doorway.  There stood Janet, struggling to hold on to four bottles of cold soda.  “Someone wanna help me with these?”  They quickly walked up to her each grabbing a bottle.
“Wow!” Seth exclaimed.  “Look at you!”  He let out a low whistle.  “You’re all... all...”
“Cleaned up?”  Janet laughed and opened her soda, taking a swig.
“Well, y-yes,” Seth stammered, “but you’re so...so...pretty!” he finally blurted out.  Everyone laughed, and Seth felt stupid.
“Why thank you, Seth!” she replied and smiled at him.
“How’s Sally doing?” Jake asked, trying not to stare at Janet, but Seth was right.  She was very pretty.  Her hair was fixed nicely, and her clothes were definitely better looking than what she was wearing a week ago.  Even so, he thought she was pretty even then.
 “She’ll be fine.  They kept us both in the hospital for observation for a couple of days and ran a lot of tests checking for...well, you know, for stuff."
Jake understood and nodded.  “So where are you off to now?”  He tried to sound casual.
“Uh...well, we’re all flying home first thing in the morning.  Sally’s folks and mine are all here.  They came as soon as the authorities got a hold of them.  They were all quite worried, you know.”  She took another sip of her soda and slowly walked around the room, looking at the miscellaneous posters and other odd assortment of items tacked to the walls.
"You know, we don't even know your full name," Jake said then suddenly felt embarrassed, almost ashamed of his place, now that Janet was standing here.  “Hey, why don’t we all step outside in the fresh air?”  He motioned to the door.  Everyone agreed and walked to the front of the store and out to the graveled lot where Janet had parked.  “They found your car?”
“No,” she replied offhand.  “This is just a rental.”  Now she felt a bit awkward.  “I told my folks that I needed to come back here long enough to say goodbye and thank all of you, again, for all your help…I mean with Sally and all.”  She looked at the ground for a minute.  “I mean...you guys saved my life and Sally’s too.”
“We know!” Tommy stepped closer and grinned.  “We’re heroes!”
“Yes you are!” She leaned over and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek.  Tommy touched his cheek and grinned real big.  
“Wow!” He was pleased.
“You all are!”  She gave each of them a hug and stepped back, but she looked at Jake.  “You really are...”
“You wanna have dinner with us?” Tommy asked, still smiling.
“I wish I could but I have to go.”  Reluctantly, she walked to her car and opened the door, standing there for one last moment.  “Bye, guys.” She started to climb in behind the wheel then stopped long enough to say, “It's Feldman.  Janet Feldman.”  
All three boys stood still and watched her disappear down the road.  No one spoke for several minutes, each playing with their own thoughts.
“Do you think she’ll ever come back?” Seth finally asked Jake once again.
“Oh...you never know,” he replied.  But deep down, he doubted he’d ever see her again.  She was a pretty city girl, who was used to bright lights and excitement.   And he was just a backward county boy who owned a little county store and a filling station in a little town that was a tiny black dot on a map.  With a loud exhale, Jake looked at both his friends and smiled. “You guys hungry?”
“Yeah!” they replied together.  
“Well, what d’ya say we all go up to Rosie’s for some supper.  My treat.”
“Sounds good to me!”
“Me too!”  Tommy grinned.
“So, Tom,” Jake began, “you say your folks were proud of you?”
“Yup!  They said they couldn’t believe I was so brave and everything!”  Tom bubbled on about his parents’ reaction to everything while they had been away.  Actually, Jake had already had a long talk with Tommy’s folks, trying to reassure them that he hadn’t ever intended that Tommy, or any of them, for that matter, would have gotten involved in something as dangerous as what had happened but that things had just kept getting more and more complicated.  
Tommy’s parents had taken their turn trying to reassure Jake that they knew he wouldn’t have intentionally put their son in harm’s way and were actually very grateful to him for protecting him as he did and very relieved with the way everything turned out.  
Seth and Jake walked along with Tommy, happy to listen to his chatter and grateful that he was still allowed to hang out with them.  The sun was beginning to dip behind the looming mountain range to the west.  A slight breeze had picked up, and the few streetlights in town started to flicker on.  A lone local vehicle drove past.  The driver honked his horn and gave a big wave.  The boys waved back.  They would be celebrities for a while longer until the excitement would finally wear off.  Jake was hoping it would be sooner rather than later.  Even so, it sure was good to be home again.

###
