THE STINGRAY
by
Joseph C. Mangilaya

Copyright 2013 by Joseph C. Mangilaya
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition
1. STEALTHILY


It was a moonless night and dark clouds covered the sky. Captain Salac’s boat cruised at fifteen knots heading northeast. It was confirmed that the area was patrolled hours ago, but this time he had not seen any patrol boat yet. He consulted his map and found out that he needed few more miles to position his boat to an ideal vantage point. As the boat cruised, he went inside his cabin and opened the bag that was given to him by his superior. It contained a night vision telescope and a long range infrared camera recorder. Captain Salac was ordered to spy on the naval exercise that will be conducted by the South Sea Fleet of the PLA-Navy.
He picked up the telescope and focused it outside, he made a little adjustment, and slowly the dark night became dull green. While scanning the area where the exercise will be held, something appeared on the horizon. He focused the telescope on it. It was a fast boat, a patrolling hydrofoil.  It was heading toward a different direction. He was not bothered. He knew that the boat’s radar can’t find them.  He knew that his boat a Balangay-type spy craft   is a stealth boat and can’t be detected by radar especially at long range. He scanned the whole area and found out that there was no activity yet. He was briefed that the start of the exercise will be timed base on the passing of the American military satellite. He was told that the Chinese was hiding from anybody something of great import that should not be carelessly left to the probing eyes of the American spy satellite. He patiently waited for any sign of activity until he noticed a faint light appeared at the area. He was convinced that the Chinese were now starting the exercise. He bolted the thermal camera on a secured tripod few inches away from window. He saw that the camera has unobstructed view of the area. After he was through, he switched the camera and it produced a soft whirling sound
He was briefed by his superior, days ago that the PLA-Navy was developing an advance attack flying boat. There was a speculation that the flying boat was already on its final phase of testing and evaluation. It was confirmed in the intelligence report that it was assembled in the South Sea Fleet base in Zhanjian. It was assumed that the flying boat will be tested as an integral part of their naval exercise. Captain Salac was also informed that the PLA-Navy had published a report for worldwide release that they are in the process of upgrading their antiquated flying boats. The report was credible and convincing until the U.S. military intelligence   operatives discovered that one of the military factories of the PLA-Navy was churning a different kind of flying boat airframes and components. Added to this, was the discovery of a shipment of powerful jet engines not suited for fighter plane. The impression by the operatives regarding about the shipment was, it was a power plant of a new type of bomber but further evaluation indicated that China has no program to build any type of bomber. So the jet engines that were imported by the Chinese from Russia were intended to be use on their new type of flying boat. It was concluded by the operatives that Russians were cooperating with the Chinese in designing the flying boat, for they knew that Russia is the leading country in flying boat technology.
Captain Salac scanned the surrounding waters and caught a moving light heading toward them. He focused his telescope on it. It was too far to be seen.  He maximized the range of his telescope and saw a thermal image triangular in shape. But the light arched and veered away from their position, negating him to observe the image at close range. For many hours he had observed the appearance and the fading of lights on the horizon as well on the air, but all he could see were flicks of lights with out any definite shape. He just trusted his thermal camera can interpret what he witnessed on that night. After the exercise was terminated, Captain Salac ordered his men to return to Pag-asa Island. The small stealth boat dashed at high speed toward the Kalayaan Group of Island.
General Bane sat beside the computer operator. They were looking at the video image generated by the thermal camera that was placed on Captain Salac’s boat the night the South Sea Fleet of China conducted their military exercise.
“Look at that flickering dot, officer. Can you give its speed?” asked General Bane.
 The operator keyed a button and the program designed to interpret the input answered the inquiry.
“It was traveling at subsonic speed, at 600 knots, Sir, “said the operator.
“Low flying naval plane,” commented General Bane.
“It was firing missiles now,” said the operator as he saw two fast moving lights separated from it.
 Then the camera captured a sudden flash of explosion.
 “It hit the target!” said General Bane.
“General, the target is stationary. The missiles don’t have a hard time looking for it,” answered the operator.
The camera completed its 180 degrees swipe on the area as it was programmed, it automatically returned to a backward sweeping movement in repetition. As the camera returned to the area where it captured the flickering dot representing a naval plane, the dot was gone.
“We lost the plane,” commented by the operator.
“It might be just somewhere,” said General Bane.
Then the camera captured another flickering dot, moving on the horizon.
“What is that light, officer?” asked General Bane.
“It‘s an aircraft, General. It’s hugging on the surface.”
“It seems to me that it was too fast for an aircraft. It might be missile.” The operator was astonished after the speed was imposed on the screen.
“It’s moving at 400 knots, Sir! Just above the waves. It’s an aircraft, Sir!” announced the operator.
General Bane was astonished. He can’t believe what was stated to him. He knew that Chinese flying boat do not fly at that speed and on a leveled flight. He knew that their flying boat hugged only the water for a limited time and that happened when it took-off or landed. When the camera captured the craft moving on the water, the general asked again the speed of the craft.
“Sir it’s traveling at ninety knots on the surface.” said the operator.
“What a craft!” commented General Bane, “It was so fast above the water and it can also fly. It hugged the waves for a steady flight for a longer time. Where on hell the Chinese got this kind of technology?”
Base on the data gathered by the camera, the existence of a new type of flying boat was confirmed by the Armed Forces of the Philippines. The data gathered will be shipped to the U.S. for thorough evaluation and analysis.
2. REVELATION

The Popular Technology Magazine came out with an issue of a military related story bannered on its cover a title of STEALTH FLYING BOAT OF CHINA with an accompanying painting of a flying boat. The painting was done in the perspective of an observer floating on the water. The pose of the flying boat was taking-off, exposing its thin V-shaped hull. It has wings similar to that of a devilfish and under it wings laid four torpedoes, two in every wing at equal spacing. There was also an outline of round opening on both sides of its hull. The craft’s body contour was smooth its overall appearance. The control cockpit was a half ellipse bulging from the flat body   fusing seamlessly with the wings making its shape to appear to be an all wings configuration Atop the wings, located the two air intakes, rectangular in shape and rising just slightly above it before it tapers off as it runs parallel to the length of its body. There’s an article written about it in the inside page.
The article reads as follow.
Somewhere in the Pacific Ocean, two hundred miles southeast of Taiwan an American aircraft carrier and its supporting ship were cruising speedily under strict emission-controlled environment. Their destination was the Taiwan Strait which was put under control by the Peoples Republic of China naval forces. They had set up naval blockades with   mines on certain areas. The Taiwanese democratic government asked the United States of America government to intervene against the Peoples Republic of China hostile action in the Taiwan Strait as well as in South China Sea. The U.S. government without any hesitation sent its Seventh fleet to the area. The scenario reminded them of the early 50’s when the Nationalist was threatened by an all out invasion of the mainland Communist government. The U.S. sent its mighty Seventh Fleet crossing the strait that silenced the threat of invasion. At this time there was no threat of invasion, but only naval blockades against Taiwan, but still the U.S. government sent its military forces to the area. This was done to protect its interest and of its allies in the region. The U.S. government decided to project its military power in the region by sending its Seventh Fleet, not only to defend Taiwan against the mainland but also to allay fears of its allies, which are now nervous about China’s aggressive action. Its secondary purpose is to contain the crisis not to spill to other part of Asia. Despite of Chinese warning, that U.S should not intervene on domestic problems, still the U.S. disregard the message.
As the days passed by, the tension escalates because the U.S. military forces exerted so much pressure on China. The United States of America does not recognized the claim of China that Taiwan was a renegade province and it was proper for the mainland government to impose its authority on them. Added to this, the U.S. also restricted the movement of Chinese forces in the area by imposing a no-fly zone of one hundred miles away from their forces in the area.  China was angered by the arrogance shown by the intruding forces and issued its ultimatum to the U.S. government. The U.S. forces must leave the area without any condition.
The tension grew and all the patience and restraint they were holding suddenly snapped when a Chinese bomber provoked the U.S warship by ignoring the exclusion zone. Instead the bomber came nearer into it and challenged the warship’s warning. The ship perceived it as an attacking plane and in self defense, it shoot down the provoking bomber.
After the incident, China condemned the action of the Americans and issued a stern warning- China will retaliate in defense of their sovereignty which was trampled by the U.S In the scenario of posturing  China cordoned the  U.S. Naval forces in the area. Most of the warship of the Americans was just around the vicinity of Taiwan. In this kind of situation the China got the edge. It has a secret weapon unknown to his enemy- the stealth flying boat. The craft was so advance that it was presumed that it can penetrate the carrier formation without being detected. The flying boat was advance in its design and its stealth technology could be compared to the technology of the U.S B-2 bomber. The craft was low- observable at close range and it could not be detected at long range because it has a small cross-section aided by its radar absorbing skin and paint. It has low infrared signature too because its main engine was enclosed in layered metal jacket with fluid running on it that absorbed the generated heat.
The electronics carried by the craft was superb. It has low- wattage radar that emits signals weak enough to be picked-up by enemy’s electronics support measures. It can also run passively without emission yet it can still monitor its surroundings by using long-range infrared detection system. And when it comes to explosive power, it has an awesome wallop that can knock out anything that crosses its path. Its main weapon- nuclear armed torpedoes. It was wire-guided with a range of twenty-four miles.
The night was dark, an ideal setting for the flying boat to stealthily attack its unsuspecting target. Guided by the coded signals of their own version of AWACS plane, the flying boat crept on the waves undetected. It passed by an escort frigate eight miles to its starboard unnoticed, twenty minutes later it acquired the aircraft carrier through its infrared sensor. The hulking carrier was an easy target for the flying boat. It was a lumbering behemoth, with straight-running course, with no capability for evasive maneuver. The craft prepared for attack. Revving hard its main engine, the craft gained speed. Another boost of power, it slowly took-off from the water. But instead of continued ascent, the flying boat leveled its flight after fifty feet of altitude. It gained speed at that height until it speed reached 300 knots. The craft chalked up the distance easily that separates it from the carrier. Few minutes passed it continued its closure still undetected. At close range it released its torpedoes with four minutes of time to impact. The signatures of the incoming torpedoes were picked up by the carrier’s sonar trailing on its wake. Scramble and panic occurred at the control room. They knew that there was no maneuver that can evade the torpedoes. The carrier threw out its available sonar decoys to lure the torpedoes away. The torpedoes angled toward the decoys, hundred meters on its wake. The torpedoes homed onto it and exploded.
But it was a nuclear explosion!
Awesome force bombarded the carrier. The area around the carrier was bathed with blinding flash, followed by instantaneous destruction within the radius of half mile from ground zero. Most of the carrier’s escorts who were not affected by the impact suffered damaged on its electronics equipment.
 After the explosion the flying boat left the area unaffected for it attacked its target from a safe distance. It simply turned back and headed toward the direction   of its escape.
This scenario was incredible and cruel but this could happen if the U.S. government does nothing about this threat. China has the capability to build this kind of weapons. This scenario was based on the accounts of various eyewitnesses who actually saw the existence of the said flying boat and bolstered by the intelligence compiled and analyzed by the espionage network. Based on the facts gathered, our sources summed up  these specifications.
The shape of the flying boat resembles to that of the stingray. It has a very thin V-shaped hull. Its wing span presumed to be 136 feet in length with overall body length of 63 feet. It has an assumed weight of 79,000 pounds. And when loaded, it is capable of carrying stores up to 110,000 pounds. To counter its weight it was designed to carry two powerful jet engines with individual thrust of 49,000 pounds. It also assumed to possess an auxiliary drive, a water jet coupled to a lightweight turbo-prop engine. Its strategy was to run silently above the waves until it reached the position where it can fire its weapons effectively, while concealing itself from its enemy’s sensor because of his stealth characteristic. Above the water, its structure protrudes to only ten feet, and the rest of its body submerged underwater. In order to support the craft’s stealth characteristic, its electronics components must also be impervious to detection by the enemy’s electronics support measures. With regards to these matters, the assumptions were; the flying boat has an advance infrared tracking system, it has also passive sonar device and the most important is its low-wattage radar system that emits signals that were weak enough to be detected.
The threat of stealth flying boat was plausible and could not be simply ignored. It was a direct threat to the U.S. forces in the region as well as to its allies. The U.S. government should be in the position to counter this new threat. The flying boat warfare countermeasure has not been the priority of the U.S. Navy, nor does it have the plan to conduct exercises against flying boat attacking tactics even the threat comes from the outdated models.
 How much more if it was facing a more advance flying boats?
The U.S. military was ignorant about this kind of war machines. They may possess a little knowledge about it, but this little knowledge was too obscure to be trusted.
The article ends.
3. ENCOUNTER

Darkness of an early evening night blanketed the whole of Pag-asa Island. It has been a week since the last time Andro went out to the sea. Continued rain and bad weather prevented him to go out fishing. Now, the storm has gone. Andro has been living in Pag-asa for many years. He left his family in the island of Palawan, more than two hundred miles away. The opportunity to earn a living in Pag-asa was considerable compared to that of his hometown. There were many civilian residents living in Pag-asa and some of them brought all their family members with them and settled on this island they called, the Promised Land. There were military troops stationed on the island. The military fortified the island, developed an airstrip, deep water pier and established a logistics depot, serving the whole Philippine held territory.
Pag-asa Island is the biggest island of the Philippine held territory called Kalayaan Group. The other islands were smaller and scattered. Some islands have no fresh water. The Kalayaan Group also forms part of the group of islands, islets, cays and reefs most widely known as          The Spratlys.  The Philippine government claimed that Kalayaan Group is not a part of the Spratly chain of islands because the Kalayaan Group of Islands is much nearer to the main island of Palawan than that of the center of the Spratly.
Diego, a diver by occupation was one of the permanent residents of Pag-asa. One of his lucrative sources of income comes from sea cucumbers, which abound the surrounding coral reefs. Andro was ahead of him in their stay on the island. He recruited him from his hometown in Cavite. He enticed Diego to come to the island because of good opportunity offered by the bountiful sea. Diego agreed and joined him. Now he had proven that it was indeed rewarding to work on this remote island of their country. He left behind his family but they have comfortable lives compared to the other residents of their village whose main occupation were fishing.  Diego even sent his children to a private school.
The permanent stay of Andro, Diego and together with all the civilian residents was one of the many reasons why the government garrisoned the whole island of Pag-asa. They were told that they were legitimate citizens of the Republic of the Philippines; together with the islands they must be protected. Since Pag-asa island is a sovereign territory of the Philippines, the residents also voted on the last held presidential election complete with media coverage to show to the international communities that the citizens of the island were doing their sacred right as a citizens of a democratic country.
After reaching their destination, Andro stopped the boat. He looked around then looked back at the island. It was not visible anymore. The only visible landmark that can be seen from their position was the steel tower, a private communication antenna with a blinking red light atop of it. They have no navigation instrument that is why a landmark is essential in their navigation. They would simply target the blinking light in heading toward their home base. Just a simple straight route is what they need in going home.
A battery powered lamp glowed steadily. It was the only visible light in a wide expanse of darkness. A Philippine flag floated in front of the boat, attached to a meter long pole. The flag was their identification to what nationality they belong because sometimes when patrol boat of other claimants happened to passed by on them and saw the flag, they simply passed by.
There was an overlapping claim of territorial sea. Between Philippine held Kalayaan Group and the Chinese occupied reef. The Philippine government observed this unsettled claim by not intruding the disputed area. But the Chinese showed arrogance.  They blatantly patrolled the waters of Pag-asa Island.
The two prepared their gear. They used hand line in fishing for frigate tuna that abound the area. Then from the horizon, they saw a light appeared.
“Ship approaching,” cried Diego pointing to the direction of light, heading toward the island of Pag-asa. “Could it be our ship?” asked Andro.
“It might be. It was so slow. Considering that kind of speed, it is our ship. No doubts about it” commented Diego.
Later, the ship passed by few meters away from them, revealing its marking. It was a Philippine Navy ship, a World War II vintage landing tank ship. The crew of the ship noticed them and they flooded their boat with searchlight upon seeing the flag. They blinked their light and sounded their horn in acknowledgement.
Andro was bothered by the sudden arrival of the ship. All those years of their stay in Pag-asa the ship always arrived on schedule, in exact monthly intervals. Now the ship changed its routine. They never knew the reason of the unscheduled visit but felt that the situation had changed.
“The ship was loaded with construction materials,” commented Andro. “They are constructing again. Maybe they will build another bunker for us.”
“With these things coming, I could smell that trouble is brewing in the area.” added Diego.
“There might be. Our soldier might have knowledge about this. If not, why are they not allowing us anymore to venture to our former fishing ground which was claimed by the Chinese?”
They decided to sail home when they found out that all the foam boxes they brought were all filed. Then, from the east, Andro noticed a different kind of craft slicing the water violently. It was fast. The craft’s shadow resembles that of a speedboat and it was creating enormous waves on its both sides.  In front of the craft waters splashed upward few meters above the height of the craft. The direction of the craft was toward them.
“What kind of craft is that?” asked Andro.
“It might be a Chinese hydrofoil,” guessed Diego. “They used that kind of craft in patrolling their territory before. I’ve seen a lot of them.”
Later they noticed that the craft did not alter its direction. It was directly heading toward them and it was closing rapidly.
“It was too fast. It’s going to ram us!” exclaimed Andro in controlled panic.
Diego staggered upon seeing the fast approaching craft.
“Start the engine now!” shouted Andro to Diego who is much closer to the engine.
Diego obeyed him nervously. He grappled on the body of the boat as he searched for the ignition key. The craft was steadily closing on them, and they can hear now the muffled roar of its engine.
“Diego, by gosh…. Start the engine now! What are you doing?” shouted Andro in panic as he rushed toward Diego.
The engine started and roared to life. Diego immediately revved hard the engine and the boat leaped and rushed away from the path of an unknown craft that was speeding up toward them.
Their boat was tossed as it felt the surges of the wave created by the passing craft just few meters away. The two grappled hard on the boat as it swayed dangerously.  The craft almost overturned the boat.
“Devilfish!” exclaimed Diego. “It’s a devilfish boat!”
“What a powerful craft!” commented Andro as he shook his head. “It almost sinks us.”
Andro focused his handy searchlight toward the passing craft and caught its dark-colored skin reflecting in the dark.  The shape of the craft resembled to a devilfish, a kind of stingray with sharp triangular body shape and pointed nose, unlike the ordinary stingray with rounded body and nose. When the craft was too far away to be acquired, he switched off the light. They looked at each other, wondering about the nature of the craft they had encountered. Each one has a question on its eyes.
“Is it our craft, Andro?” asked Diego with mix feeling of fright and panic.
“I don’t know. I haven’t seen this kind of craft before, “said Andro calmly. “Probably that was a Chinese flying boat,’ he added.
“Look at it now, Andro,” said Diego as he pointed the distant craft. “It’s slowing down. I think it’s going to stop.”
The craft stopped. Its occupants knew that somebody had seen the craft at close range. That somebody had seen their secret flying boat on a secret test mission- stalking a Philippine Navy ship in the open sea. The occupants knew that they were in enemy’s territory and the boat they encountered accidentally belongs to the enemy. They knew that it must be silenced to preserve the secrecy of their craft.
The craft maneuvered back and headed toward the boat.
“It’s turning, Andro.  It’s coming back to us!” shouted Diego.
“Shit! They saw us. They are enemy,” cursed Andro. “Hold on! I’m speeding away,” shouted Diego.
Diego throttled the engine and the boat speeded away, creating a lot of displacements because they were loaded now. Andro hugged the boat to secure himself from the sudden burst of speed. Andro looked back; the craft was closing on them like a predator chasing its prey.  He knew that they were the prey. “Turn to hard right!” Andro ordered.
Diego shifted the rudder in sharp angle and the boat arched violently from its straight course and nearly capsized. The pursuing craft overshot past them like an arrow lost its target. Unable to anticipate their move, the craft lost them momentarily. The boat now was speeding, and heading toward the direction of their island. The craft decelerate, turn to the direction of the boat and prepared for another attack. Its engine roared as if it was in anger chasing the evading prey.
It’s coming again! It’s very fast!” exclaimed Diego
”Shit!”  cursed Andro. He knew that their boat’s speed was no match to that of their attacker. A hard turn to either left or right will veer them away toward the wrong direction, much farther away from Pag-asa. And in danger like this, their only protection is the refuge of the island. He was also thinking of a straight course to lessen the distance that separated them from the island but he was also exposing them to be an easy prey for their assailant. Then he thought of the grenade that he brought, that was safely kept inside the boat’s wooden compartment. He knew it can help them. Then he thought of a possible maneuver to position the boat to an attacking angle. He decided to go zigzag but still toward the direction of their island. Sensing the zigzag maneuver the pursuing craft slowed down in anticipation of their next move. Its speed was slowly chalking up the distance that separates them.
“Damn you, devilfish. Come closer to me now!” cursed Andro.
 This time he was prepared.  He has only one alternative on his mind. He wanted to fight back.  He ordered the boat to slow down.  As they slowed down the craft at their back gathered speed upon sensing its opportunity to rammed them. But it didn’t know that its would-be prey has a violent preparation. The craft caught up with the boat, now almost at its grasp, without any means of escape. It was akin to a whale, open-mouthed, where its prey was almost at the tip of its tongue. All it needs to do was to close its mouth and swallowed the prey in whole.
Then Andro threw the grenade forcefully to the rushing craft. The grenade exploded at the nose of the craft, and shattered the glass of its cockpit. They saw its shards scattered in all direction. Andro and Diego leaped in exultation. They hit the craft and it staggered then stopped. Later it turned back to them. The two sensed their opportunity to escape and immediately speeded toward their sanctuary, the distant Pag-asa Island.
4. TRIPWIRE TO WAR

The oil tanker Rajah Lakandula, a Philippine registered ship was navigating the Spratly loaded with oil from the Persian Gulf. It was heading toward the island of Luzon where a refinery is located. Without the crews’ knowledge, the ship had been marked up as target since it entered the area. A propeller-driven flying boat called the Shuinghong is shadowing it and tracking its movement. The flying boat can easily attack the ship for it was unescorted, but the situation does not called for.  The tension in the area had been steadily building and specter of war pervaded in the area since China occupied again a Philippine claimed Ayungin reef. The flying boat knew that their strategist has another plan for the intruding tanker. It must be sunk in a classic way, in a passive action like mines. They knew that mines had been successfully employed in Persian Gulf, wreaking havoc on international shipping as well as on modern U.S warships operating in the area. And the strategist found out that the U.S. government did not directly retaliate because they had been warned in advance yet they ignored it. Since mines were passive weapons, reacting onto it by   directly bombing the perpetrator could only be interpreted that you are responsible for starting the shooting war. Now, the scenario was repeated again in South China Sea. There has been warning to the international community that China placed mines on strategic location of their claimed area in South China Sea as part of the forward defense of their territory. The tanker did not alter its course because to abide to the dictatorial whim of china can only be interpreted as submission. The tanker has been ordered to continue traversing its former route, the open water between the Chinese held Subi and Gaven reefs, where they construct manmade islands on both of it.  The gap between the two reefs was heavily mined by the Chinese. The mines they used were encapsulated and bottom-dwelling type. The mines were also linked to underwater cables with control stations situated on both of the island.
When the tanker came nearer to the gap, the flying that shadowed it, called the nearest control station informing them that the tanker enters into their laid trap. The nearest post of the Subi-Gaven defensive line of China relative to the bearing where the tanker was heading was activated. The pre-positioned sonar placed on it goes active and the information it gathered were received and determined. Then the station worked for a firing solution and fed it back to the encapsulated torpedoes of that post. Two torpedoes received the fed and immediately its guidance system goes active. Two torpedoes   burst from its encapsulation and headed directly to the target guided by wire. When the two acquired the tanker on its own sensor the wire was terminated and the torpedoes homed at the tanker. The tanker exploded after being hit. It did not survive the attack. Massive oil spill engulfed the surroundings as the tanker sank, releasing its cargo as it went down.
Few hours passed after the incident, China issued the official statement to the world, covered by all segment of mass media and was destined for international consumptions.
The official statement:
The government of Peoples Republic of China regrets the sinking of a Philippine tanker in the vicinity of our Chupi-Pi Chiao Island.  Rescue teams were immediately dispatched to help and had picked up some survivors which are now taken cared by our qualified personnel based on the island of Chupi-Pi Chiao.
The tanker had strayed into our defensive zone and hit the mine. All the countries that use South China Sea had been sufficiently notified and warned about the danger of mines on various strategic locations. The commercial shipping community abided to our warning without any question because our act of defending our territory is a sovereign duty of every citizen of our Motherland.
As a peace-loving people, we abide to the code of conduct which we both ratified. As evidence to it, we never sent any of our naval craft to intercept the tanker because we do not want to violate the code even the tanker posed as a dangerous threat to our naval establishment. But the tanker went too far for a commercial ship without ulterior intention. The passage assigned to commercial shipping is the natural navigational route with respect to the nature of underwater terrain of the area.
The Philippine tanker disregarded our warnings and blatantly violated our territorial sovereignty. We fear that the real motive of the tanker is intelligence gathering as manifested by the electronics equipment it carried. We urged the government of the Republic of the Philippines to rein the action of their shipping and refrain from any combative posturing so as not to create incident conducive to eruption of conflict.
They must abide to the request of Peoples Republic of China if they are sincere in seeking peaceful solution in the Nansha.
The statement ends.
 The Philippine government issued also their official statement regarding about the sinking of the tanker.
The statement:
Attacking innocent civilian shipping on international water is an act of terrorism. The international waters belong to the human race. It has been there before any countries existed.  Our ancestors sailed on this sea before, and we continued using it until now because the sea will always be there for the benefits of the human race, and not just as an exclusive domain of Communist China. Our civilian shipping had been  sailing on this route for many years without any untoward incident until China began its creeping invasion in the Spratly, until they proclaimed to the whole world that the reefs they occupied  by the use of military might was rightfully belongs to them. The sinking of the tanker had brought no marvel to our government as well as to the citizens of the Republic of the Philippines because Chinese government had shown before to the whole world their modern brand of cultured brutality. Now, they’re using it again. This incident is fearsome, to Republic of the Philippines as well as to the international community who uses the water of South China Sea. The Philippine constitution denounces war as an instrument of national policy, but the government of the Republic of the Philippines was mandated also by our highest law to protect its citizens from any act of terrorism.
The statement ends.
The corvette BRP Iloilo and the fast attack craft BRP Basilan that was armed with four torpedoes were trailing the wake of mine hunter boat BRP Bangued. Their mission is to keep the Balabac Strait open to international shipping. The former route that was used to traverse the center of South China Sea was shunned by the shippers favoring the safer passage through Balabac Strait, and then traveled through the inland sea of the Philippines before heading toward their destination. BRP Iloilo was one of the modern warships acquired by the Philippine Navy. It was small, fast and compact. It can perform anti-submarine warfare and was also armed with anti-shipping missiles. It can defend itself from any air threats. The ship suited well to a Third World county like the Philippines where the cost of acquisition always depended on the   availability of the budget. The corvette fits the requirement of the Philippine Navy. The navy had ordered twelve of it and the delivery was in progress, after the completion of four units. BRP Iloilo also carries anti-submarine warfare helicopter on its deck. It was the Lynx helicopter that carries two lightweight torpedoes. It also carries dipping sonar for its antisubmarine work.
The other ship, the BRP Basilan was a hydrofoil, designed by British compny and was constructed locally. It was armed with lightweight MK-46 torpedoes. The craft could be employed as submarine chaser in tandem with the corvette hence the corvette possessed an advance sonar that can direct the hydrofoil towards its target. The corvette together with the hydrofoil and its attending helicopter can project an effective anti-submarine network in a definite area of operation.
The mine hunter boat was sailing leisurely at ten knots, followed by the corvette, a mile away, which was also trailed by the fast attack craft in a single file formation.  After crossing the imaginary boundary with Malaysia, the mine hunter boat slowly arched toward South China Sea, then headed back toward the direction of their base in Ulugan Bay in Palawan. They were sailing unaware that the Chinese mined the area. Then, something hit the hull of the mine hunter. It exploded in an instant ripping the metal skin of the boat and the inside structure. The blast was so powerful that it broke the keel of the boat.
Below the surface of Balabac Strait a Chinese submarine cruised silently. Its battery was fully charged and was armed with torpedoes. Its mission is to patrol the area that serves as an entrance to the South China Sea, which the Chinese considered as their inland sea. The submarine was positioning in advance even though war had not yet started. It was guarding the entry point of South China Sea where a possible Philippine Navy coastal submarine might used in order to enter the area.  It acts like a sentry guarding the entrance of a cave, in order to intercept any intruder who wished to enter their domain. The submarine occupants heard the distant explosion. They knew that one of their newly laid defenses had found its target. It was an explosion of mine and not a   direct attack or handiwork of any war machine. They have every reason to put the blame on the intruder who trespassed on their territory. China had given them ample warning that any vessel who is going to transit the area must ask first their permission so that their vessels will be directed to a safe passage. They have sufficiently informed the international communities that the Peoples Republic of China has the right to establish any defense network on its sovereign territories to protect its boundaries and safeguard the interest of the state. But there are entities that didn’t heeds to its warning and violated its sovereignty.  The trespasser stumbled on one of their defensive weapons, the advance torpedo mine.
BRP Iloilo received the distress massage of the mine hunter and immediately rushed to the site. It went active with its sonar while the helicopter took off and headed toward the area in advance. It dipped its sonar in search pattern around the vicinity of the incident. It did not   take a long time for the helicopter to get a contact. Its sonar picked up the signature of a submarine patrolling nearby.
“Rafter I’ve got contact on bearing two five zero,” radioed the helicopter to the corvette, BRP Iloilo.
“Trail your contact, Spearhead I’m heading to the area. Charger will assist you in due time, “answered the corvette. I’m heading toward the area. Charger will assist you in due time,” answered by the corvette. The hydrofoil attack craft BRP Bangued, called Charger arched toward the position of the now sinking mine hunter. After throwing its available rescue equipments to the survivors, it went offensive. It lashed its sonar. It picked up the position of an unknown submarine.
But the helicopter got it first.
“Rafter I got for bull’s eye,” said the radio.
“Sink it Spearhead! Sink it,” ordered by corvette.
“Roger Rafter.”
The Lynx helicopter hovered above the waves; its dipping sonar is lashing the escaping submarine. Then it shuddered as it ejects its two torpedoes. The torpedoes splashed on the water and dashed in straight line toward the target below. Its guidance is the echo return of the active mode of the sonar before it shifted into its own sensor after gaining sufficient range. The submarine tried desperately to lure the torpedoes away from them but the lock-on of the torpedoes can’t be fooled. It homed on its trget and exploded violently.
“Rafter, I hit the target!”
“Yes, Spearhead, good work. Search for more and secure the area.”
After scouring the area and found nothing is around, the helicopter returned to the deck of the corvette, BRP Iloilo which is now active in assisting the hydrofoil in rescuing the survivors of the sunk mine hunter boat. The corvette after thorough search of the area for any possible survivors  for many hours, and convinced that no more survivors to be rescued,  decided to sail back to their home base together with the hydrofoil, for further possible mission to be conducted.
After the incident the Philippine government issued declaration of war against the Peoples Republic of China, with international press covering the press release.
The declaration:
The government of the Republic of the Philippines condemns the treacherous attack of our naval vessel in our own territorial sea by an intruding Chinese submarine.
In this incident, China has committed an open act of aggression. Their inherent policy of reliance on the use of force in solving the disputes is very dangerous. Their egocentric behavior shows their lack of neither respect nor conformity to the principles of international laws covering our seas.
The Peoples Republic of China should have stopped their military adventurism and precisely the creeping invasion long time ago if they are really sincere in seeking peace, stability and cooperation in the region. But what they have shown is deception. They have pretended to seek peaceful solution but deeply harbored a motive of claiming the whole South China Sea by the use of force.
The government of the Republic of the Philippines will not allow this deception to flourish. It will not allow China’s creeping invasion goes unhampered. The act of treachery that resulted to the lost of innocent lives and property could not be justified anymore by a mere dialogue that was devoid of sincerity.
The Republic of the Philippines declares war against the Peoples Republic of China. The Armed Forces of the Philippines stands ready to protect its citizens, defends its sovereign territories and pursue its national interest.
The statement ends.
Hours later, China also declares war. The Chinese Foreign Minister announced it in his press conference with international press covering it.
The Peoples Republic of China has the right to deploy its defenses through out its sovereign territories. Any military movements within its boundaries are a defensive action and its sovereign rights. Pre-positioning of its military forces is essential to the defense of its territories.
The sinking of PLA Navy submarine patrolling our territorial waters is an act of war against peace-loving citizens of the Peoples Republic of China. In this incident, our sovereignty was grossly violated in aggressive manner, without respect to our undisputable claim to the whole of South China Sea which was internationally recognized.
The armed forces of the Peoples Republic of China belong to the people; their duty is to safeguard the gains of the people’s revolution no the achievements of national construction, and to defend the sovereignty, territorial integrity end security of the country.
This constitutional mandate to our armed forces is sacred.
The Peoples Republic of China declares war against the Republic of the Philippines.
Our government warns any foreign nation not to intervene in this regional dispute that has no bearing on their own national interest because the armed forces of the Peoples Republic of China will defend its sovereign territories against any illegitimate claimants as well as those countries which were promulgating false assertions.
The statement ends.
5. FIRST FORAY 

“Synergism tactics,” said Gou Xing, the head of South Sea Fleet Maritime Special Warfare Command. He was standing at the center of rectangular table inside the conference room. Seated facing him were the crew of the flying boat called the Stingray and the personnel of its supporting elements. He briefed the group about the special mission that they are going to carry. It was considered special because the outcome will influence the next war plan to be promulgated by the strategists. It was a test, a probing to the system of defenses employed by the enemy who is now controlling the vicinity of a major choke point of South China Sea, the Balabac Strait and the surrounding waters.
“Officers, let me refresh your awareness about the incident east of Balabac Strait.  As we all knew, one of our submarine was attacked and sunk by our enemy in our own water.  It was hard for us to accept this kind of information but that is the truth. It was sunk by a single torpedo fired from a helicopter that was stationed on the deck of the corvette which was escorted by a fast assault craft where a mine hunter boat cleared the course. As you can see their defenses were interlocking. Each one protects the other. But the corvette got a major role in the group. In this incident, Synergism tactics is well implemented because the vulnerability the less capable craft was compensated by the corvette while its detection capability was expanded by the capability of the helicopter. So, gentlemen the priority of our mission is to take out this modern corvette out of our territory. Once it was taken out, our fast attack crafts will take care of the rest of the members of the group. The helicopter will become worthless because it has no landing platform to rely on. Considering its limited endurance in operation, it will simply retreat towards on one of their islands for sanctuary. If not it will crash on the sea for lack of fuel.”
After the briefing the crew of the flying boat prepared the craft.  The flying boat called the Stingray was now fully armed and equipped. It was now ready for its first attack mission. The Stingray was the product of their long research about the possibility of applying the theory of wing-in-ground effect to a flying boat. The Stingray is the first Chinese flying boat to put into use the wing-in-ground effect theory successfully. At three hundred knots speed, at standard sea level pressure, the lift generated by the wings of the flying boat is nearly equaled to the total weight of the craft, thereby creating a steady altitude course-hugging the waves like a gliding stingray. When the Stingray is loaded with weapons and fuels, its own computer calculates its intended speed to counter the added factors.. The primary purpose why the Stingray was developed is to counter those high-technology warships of Taiwan and the U.S. who has vested interest in the region. These nations have warships that possess sophisticated sensors that can detect incoming enemies at long range. These warships can also effectively track the enemy and engaged them before they can come nearer into their position.
Now, the Stingray came into its existence. Their counterforce has arrived and the playing field became even. The Stingray that was capable of hugging the waves at high speed, with a very small radar cross-section, was impossible to be detected at great distance. This characteristic creates in element of surprise making its enemy unaware of its presence. Its image can only be detected at short range. At the range that it will presumably acquired by the enemy, the makers of the Stingray have assumed that the craft can attack its enemy with greater efficiency compared to them. And in the cases that both target and the attacker fire with each other in exchange at close range, the target will suffer most hit. The probability of hitting the Stingray moving at high speed on the near surface has yet to be tested and proven. Most of the anti-ship missiles hit its target because the ships are lumbering targets and they are bigger to be acquired by the missiles’ sensor.  The Stingray is very different from those common sea crafts.  It is stealthy and it can dash at high speed in escape by hugging the water. All these capabilities made the Stingray an elusive target but a potent attacker.
The Stingray slowly emerged from its hardened concrete hangar. All eyes were trained on it. The spectators looked at the craft with admirations. Its poise was superb to them as the light flooded the entranced of the structure as well as the driveway leading to the runways of the South Sea Fleet base. For the first time the Stingray was revealed outside the confines of few individuals who made the Stingray. Now the flying boat was exposed to different individuals but its secrecy will be preserved for these selected persons came from the high hierarchy   of the PLA organizations representing various commands. The Stingray followed the path toward the common runway in slow pace. When it entered into the runway it accelerated as the spectators glued their eyes in silent applause. Upon seeing how it performs. As the Stingray accelerated, slowly it lifted its body, barely touching the ground now. It retracted its wheels in orderly fashion as its enormous wings angled to a climb. Few minutes later it was completely airborne. In high altitude its silhouette is like a U.S. B-2 bomber, prowling the dark night seemed like looking for its prey. “Stingray, this is Dragon Eyes,” radioed the AWAC, a reconnaissance and communication plane that was based on Ilyushin aircraft, is one of the many high technology weapons acquired by China from Russia. With this kind of plane, China can now monitor the wide area of South China Sea for any possible intruders before it can reach the mainland territories.
“Yes, Dragon Eyes,” acknowledged the Stingray.
“Stingray, your target is nine-five-three miles bearing one-nine-five. Proceed to engage your target,” radioed the plane.
“Roger. Stingray is executing now,”
Then Stingray gathered speed like that of a plane and reached its maximum speed at higher altitude. It flew like a loaded bomber, lumbering at cruising speed. But the Stingray is not a bomber. It is an attack flying boat designed to attack high-value maritime targets. The Stingray carries assorted types of weapons. In its body in separate bays settled the two wire-guided torpedoes, with heavy warheads. Other lightweight torpedoes, enclosed in pairs were located on each wing. Incorporated to its wings shoulders are series of eight tubes containing different types of missiles. Four of them housed the medium range radar-homing missiles and the other four contained the dual-seeker missiles that use both the infrared and active radar signals to home on its targets. All the warheads of the missiles were lightweight. These warheads are capable of damaging the upper deck structure but could not inflict a major damage on the hull especially those ship with tough steel hull. The main objective of the lightweight missiles is not to sink the ship but to cripple it electronically by destroying its sensitive sensors which are located in the upper structure. After the ship lost its sensors, the flying boat will move in and attack the using the heavyweight torpedoes at close range.
The Stingray flew toward the Spratly at half of its maximum subsonic speed.  There was a relax mood of the crew inside the craft’s cabin. There was a steady hum of electronics equipment but the radio was silent. They are under strict emission control so as not to reveal their position. The Stingray reached the Fiery Cross Reef in the Spratly by non-sop high latitude flight. It’s fully loaded tank of fuel were almost consumed.  But the crews were confident that the Stingray can refuel once they reached the area. There is refueling facilities on Fiery Cross Reef on the other nearby islands which belongs to China. The Stingray reduced its subsonic speed as it slowly dived to a lower altitude. It continued descending until it was just few meters above the water. Above the water, its enormous wings created a great lift that made it impossible to touch the water at its present speed of three hundred knots. At this speed its wing configuration was constructed so as not to produce a lift capable of making the craft to soar.  It will only make the craft to level its flight at the current altitude. It will hug the water like the gliding flight of the stingray fish. Then the flying boat slowly reduced its current speed. It slowed down, the lift generated by its wings were reduced thereby bringing the craft to glide downward. The craft’s body only partially touched the water but still its acceleration was too fast. Then the craft switched off the main jet engine and it slowed down on the water creating a splash of displacements. After touchdown with few meters of acceleration the Stingray stopped and settled on the water like boat, gently rocked by the waves. Fiery Cross Reef is a Chinese occupied territory. It serves as a small naval facility of their forces operating in the Spratly area. The manmade island has fuel depot. It has also repair facilities for ships as well as for the flying boats and helicopters. It has also storage facilities for foods and fresh water. It also serves as communication center. The Fiery Cross Reef facilities was designed and built for the purpose of war. It was solidly built. Massive concrete buildings up to four-storey high dotted the reef formations. Some are clustered together, while others were scattered on the large expanse of the reef. The buildings have stored missiles and guns in it. Other buildings have landing platforms for helicopters, the Z-9 naval helicopter armed with torpedoes and missiles.
The Stingray landed few meters away from one of the structures.  A flat-bottomed boat came to its position and settled on its side.  From under the wing of the Stingray a tube emerged. It elongated sideway toward the direction of the boat.  Halfway toward the position of the boat it stopped. Then from the end of the tube a valve opened. It was now ready to receive the fuel.  From the boat a feeding tube craned toward the extended tube of the Stingray. After few adjustments the two tubes coupled and the feeding started. The boat fed it with fuel until its requirements were met. Then the two tubes detached from their coupling automatically. The Stingray’s receiving tube retracted and slid back to its concealed position, buried under one of its wings.
The Stingray’s mission is to attack and sink the Philippine corvette patrolling the shipping route that leads to Balabac Strait that was used by the international shipping as a passage before heading to their destinations. The heart of South China Sea was avoided by the commercial shipping for fear of being caught in the crossfire. They also fear the dangers of mines that were laid on strategic locations. The Philippine corvette with attending ASW helicopter in tandem with the hydrofoil torpedo boat are not a small fry targets, those are decent warships employing advance armaments end sensors. The Stingray was very eager to test its capability on these new warships. Inside, the crew of the Stingray were busy updating the various information about the corvette. They found out that it was still roaming around its patrol zone, one hundred sixty miles away from their position. The Stingray prepared for take-off. Its two jet engines growled to life. The Stingray slowly moved away. It gathered speed for few minutes. When its engines came into full throttle the craft’s sharp V- shaped hull sliced the water violently. Then few minutes later its humongous wings immediately acquired the necessary lift to propel the craft to take –off from the water. The Stingray took-off from the water but it did not soar. Instead, it leveled its flight after reaching fifty feet altitude, cruising at two hundred knots.
The BRP Iloilo corvette patrolled its assigned zone, the area between Rizal Reef and Balabac Island. Together with BRP Basilan, a torpedo-armed hydrofoil, they patrolled the area in radial pattern while the Lynx helicopter of the corvette patrolled the inner zone of the radius.  The patrol was implemented so as to insure a safe passage of international shipping from any naval attack, either it be carried by submarines or surface crafts of the enemy. The purpose of the patrol is to safeguard the Balabac Strait that serves as entrance to the inland sea of the Philippines. The patrol denies enemy’s submarine access to the inland sea where inter-island shipping routes lies. The other entry points of the inland sea, located north of Palawan were all patrolled and guarded by the newly squired submarines called the SWATS.  SWATS is an acronym for shallow water attack submarine because the inland sea was secured, it mode the inter-island shipping impervious to attack. Unhampered domestic shipping facilitated the movements of basic goods and also goods with strategic military value.  In war this movements are critical to the defense of the country. Inside the BRP Iloilo corvette, Martin has just completed his duty. While lying on his bed he fell into reverie. He reminisced the past and the progression of his life. He traced it with emotional terrain seemed like a slow ride on a boat, battling the summer waves way back to his childhood days. Then his memories dwelled on it, as time froze on his thought. Having grown up in a typical fishing village, Martin had witnessed   tragic death brought upon by the sea. Drowning of fishermen due to bad weather almost occurred yearly in the village. The incident seemed like a natural occurrence and the frequency it happened had desensitized his sympathy. He does not want to be an ordinary fisherman mired in poverty. Hopelessness made him to leave the place in search of better life other than fishing, the only thing that the village could offer to him. Now, he belongs to the navy. For his love of the sea and adventure, the navy satisfied his ambition.
Tonight he felt differently. His body rhythm betrayed him of inconvenience. He can’t sleep and his thought was slipping toward his past. Memories of drowning incidents he witnessed kept flashing on his thought He assumed that it was just a spark of wild thought. He did not want to entertain that the flashback was a morbid warning. Later he felt asleep.
The Stingray acquired the corvette on its radar as well as the hydrofoil traveling at leisurely pace. They have no knowledge that they were being observed by the enemy.
“Corvette is 17 miles bearing 046,” announced by the electronics officer.
“Bring the Stingray closer to it. We will attack using the torpedoes,” ordered by Captain Sun.
The corvette sonar operator was alarmed. There’s a faint echo return registered on their short range sonar while going active for short duration of intermittent sweeping. On passive mode, there was nothing in the area He thought that there might be an elusive submarine lurking beneath the waves and waiting for the right moment to attack. He informed his officer about it and was acted immediately by sending the Lynx helicopter to confirm the contact.
The incoming helicopter was picked up by the Stingray.
“Aircraft incoming,” alarmed by the radar operator.
“Enemy!” rattled the Captain Sun. “This craft can find us if we stayed long enough. Prepare to launch the torpedoes,” ordered Captain Sun.
“Torpedoes are ready, Captain,” said the weapon officer.
“Fire one.”
“Torpedo one, fired.”
“Fire two.”
“Torpedo two, fired.”
“Prepare to take off after termination of guidance.”
“Yes, Captain.”
Martin woke up abruptly. The ship’s alarm was in full blast. They were under attack. He ran to his assigned station, the 76mm naval gun. All the personnel manning the gun rushed in and readied it.
The two incoming torpedoes were picked up by the corvette’s sonar like a ghost materialized out of nowhere. They reacted by firing the gun on its direction but it could not pin down the fast moving torpedoes. The corvette was a doomed target. The first torpedo struck in the bow and the one tht followed struck amidships. Instantly it crippled the corvette and all of its power sources were destroyed. The waters flooded the ship easily. The compactness of the corvette is its drawbacks. For it easily succumbed to torpedo attack even of those lightweight warheads
 Few minutes later, most of the crew were on the deck as the ship continues to take water. When they found out that it could not be save anymore, they were ordered to abandon the ship. Many rafts were released on the water as the crew donned their life jackets. Martin could not believe what had happened. Few minutes ago, he was sleeping soundly, now he is facing the open sea. He was starring blankly upon the water while his buddies were yelling at him to jump. Martin jumped on the water and struggled to get out of the sucking motion generated by the sinking ship. But it was too late. Even how hard he swam his effort was futile. He could not get away from the full of the sinking vessel. He trashed his feet vigorously hoping to propel him past from the force but he felt that his energy was instantly drained. He is in top shape he could not understand why. His comrades had swum away easily but he could not as if a mysterious force was dragging him downward. The ship went down after few minutes, together with Martin.
The crew of the helicopter that had taken off long before the corvette sank were stunned to hear the last message from the vessel that radioed that they are sinking now and needed help. The crews of the hydrofoil BRP Basilan were also stunned upon hearing their messages. All of a sudden, without any sign of its approached something attacked the corvette at short range. They knew that it could not be a submarine; the active lashing of their sonar produced nothing. They hinted out that it might be an advance bottom dwelling mines that hit the corvette. The hydrofoil took caution as it headed toward the scene to rescue its survivors.
The helicopter was now in hot pursuit, to avenge the attack on their corvette, reached the area where the contact was pointed by the corvettes sonar but it found nothing. The Stingray had scampered away at high speed before they arrived. Darkness masked its escape from enemies’ eyes that were scanning the surroundings for targets. The Stingray simple vanished on the horizon.
 6. POSITIONING

War didn’t prosper after the first confrontational clash of both opposing claimants, China and the Philippines. There was ongoing dialogue sponsored by the ASEAN hoping to find a solution to the ongoing dispute. The Philippine armed forces is weak, so the  Filipino strategists believed that being weak, they must be holed-in deep in their hardened fortifications of their islands and wait for the invading forces to land on their shore before engaging in a frontal  clash. In this scenario the Filipino strategist believed that the advantages were on them. They were secured and protected while the invaders were exposed.  In order to weaken the strength of the invaders, the strategists call for a surgical strikes against valuable assets of the enemy and then evade, avoiding a direct confrontation which is suicidal because the might of the enemy is overwhelming. And when the war stretched for a longer period, the strategists will pressure the United States of America to take side with the Philippines invoking their Mutual Defense Treaty of 1951.
Typhoon Shield calls for a layered defense of the Philippine held Kalayaan Group of Islands by means of combined surgical air strikes with naval confrontation in limited scale against the invading force. The solid defense of the islands lies on the fortifications boosted by artilleries in hardened bunkers. Planned air attack against the invasion force has added significant advantage in the defense of the Kalayaan Group because the defensive air cover of the invading force is inadequate due to the lack of nearby airbase to support the operation. The nearest airbase of China in the area is on Paracel Island. The airbase on the island could not project any air power against the lowly enemy because the distance is a great obstacle to be overwhelmed. The Philippine advantage lies in the proximity of its bases to the Spratly area, which are the naval and air bases on the Palawan island, just two hundred miles away.
The United States of America is an ally of the Republic of the Philippines bounded by their Mutual Defense Treaty of 1951. The treaty calls for the U.S. to defend the Philippines if its metropolitan territory is invaded. But in the case of Chinese  invasion of the Philippine claimed  Kalayaan Group, the treaty does not put automatically the U.S forces to defend  the Philippines because the U.S. government does not recognized the claim of the Philippines over the Kalayaan Group. Although the U.S. does not yet enter the conflict directly, still she supplied the Philippine armed forces with vital information, military intelligence and updated satellite data monitoring the enemy’s movements.  Sharing of military intelligence information is stipulated in the treaty. Based on this supplied information of the Americans the Filipino strategists had managed to put up a credible defense plan against the invading force.
General Bane stared at the two big maps imposed on the plexi-glass and colored coded. One map shows South China Sea that encompasses the South China provinces and the Palawan Island of the Philippines. The other map shows only the Spratly; its islands, islets, sand cays shoals as well as large coral reef formations stetted in varying depths. Two days ago, he attended the National Security Council meeting held in Malacanang informing them the declaration of war against China and the reserved behavior of their ally, the United States of America.
A U.S. supplied information showed that there were conspicuous naval activities on their major base in Shanjiang that can only be interpreted that they are readying for a massive military confrontation. On their airbases also on Hainan and Paracel islands indicate that they are engaging in preparatory activities related to a major war scenario.
Although, there was no solid assurance from the U.S. government to back-up the Philippines in her defense of the Kalayaan Island Group, the government of the Republic of the Philippines declared war against the most powerful country in the region.
General Bane led the command of the combat operation called Typhoon Shield. After the strategy for the defense had been drafted and approved for implementation, General Bane now possessed the full authority to command the combined land, air and naval forces involved in the defense of the Kalayaan Island Group territory. Situated in one of the underground rooms buried underneath of Pag-asa Island is the heart of the communication of the operation called Typhoon Shield. The room is called Combat Operation Center. There’s a large display console at the room that was linked to various computers and signal processors that control search radar and radars that direct the different weapon systems. It has also communication links with the other islands, the bases in Pzlzwzn as well as their naval assets in the sera. The Combat Operation Center has also direct link and has authority over aircrafts involved in the operation.  Inside the room, display monitors crammed the place. Each of it was vigilantly attended by single operator
“Officer,” said General Bane. “I want our patrol aircraft to verify the information furnished by the U.S. satellite stating that a powerful Chinese flotilla had sailed from their base with a direction heading toward the Kalayaan.
“Primer is the closest aircrafts relative to that area, Sir,” said the communication officer.
“Call Primer to head toward that direction,” ordered General Bane
The operator radioed the plane on their secured system.
“Calling Primer this is Seaside base,” radioed the operator.
Seaside is the call sign of the operation center on Pag-asa Island, the controlling agency of all the forces involved in the operation called Typhoon Shield, headed by General Bane.
“Go ahead, Seaside. This is Primer,” came the answer.
“State your posit. You have a new mission.”
“Two miles to orbit point, zero one six degrees east of Seaside.”
“Proceed to bearing two-eight-four from radius nine-zero. Verify the contact.
“Roger, Seaside.”
Primer is the call sign of F-27 maritime patrol aircraft assigned to patrol the northern zone. It is a propeller driven aircraft used extensively for the maritime reconnaissance. It carries search radar with a range of eighty miles and also carries FLIR detection system with a range of fifteen miles. The F-27 reached the area and detected the presence of the first flotilla at long range. The aircraft shadowed it at safe distance but when it was told by the base that enemy aircrafts were heading to its position the plane headed home.
The controlling agency in Pag-asa Island received the latest update from the U.S. regarding about the composition of the flotilla. They told their ally the Philippines, tht the Chinese flotilla consist of sixteen vessels of various types sailing in combative formation complete with air cover and heading toward the direction of Kalayaan Island Group.
The formation of the invading force was revealed to them by the U.S. intelligence. The group was led by one patrol boat of Jiangnan type, ahead of the flotilla by four miles.  Following the patrol boat were three columns of mixed type of vessels. The center column was composed of two missile gunboats of the Hegu class, leading the group, and then followed by a frigate of Chengdu class. Then a Luda class destroyer followed, on its rear is the Jiangu class destroyer with two Shanghai class patrol boat followed its wake. The file stretched up to three miles in length. At the portside of the center column  a mile away with a straight formation extending up to two miles were composed  of;  two patrol boat, one frigate and one fast attack missile  craft of Huangfen class. Between them and the center positioned a minesweeper boat. The third column on the starboard side of the center formation was composed of; a missile gunboat followed by two large hydrofoil patrol boat of Sichuan class.  Logistic support vessel followed the flotilla on the rear, many miles away.  Between the center and the third column a mine hunter vessel sailed alone
General Bane slumped on his seat upon reading the report. He knew that the flotilla’s force projection is dreadful. Its combined destructive power is awesome. He bowed his head and think deeply. The approaching invasion force is genuinely frightening to be confronted, a formidable force to contend with. Although they have already prepared as strategy to attack invading force using their naval forces, but based on the latest information of the U.S., confronting the flotilla frontally using their limited warships can be considered as a suicidal act. General Bane compared them to as motorcycle head-on collision with a big truck. Then he thought of the alternative plans that were already drafted. The aerial mining followed by an air assault is the best option.
General Bane reviewed the various data regarding about the nature of the underwater terrain of the area where the Chinese flotilla was heading. The compilations of data were gathered by their intelligence operatives that were combing the area for more than three years. This group had thoroughly studied and familiarized the underwater terrain of the surroundings. Based on the data gathered, it pointed that there is one specific area suited where to lay the mines, relative to the direction where the flotilla wiz’s heading. The mines must be laid on the deepwater passage est. of their Parola Island.
General Bane summoned Captain Salac, the head of the intelligence operating in the area, to hear a first hand account of their studies regarding to the nature of the underwater topography of the Spratly.
Captain Salac lectured the general about his findings.
“Forty miles northwest of our Parola, the coral formations restrict the navigable passage to its narrowest. The deepwater passage constrict to only five miles. This gap extended easterly. It is like a gate, five miles wide and twelve miles in length, before it slowly expands to become open water without any shallow parts. After twelve miles any types of ships can sail to any direction toward the heart of the Spratly without danger of being grounded,” told Captain Salac.
The two were discussing on the subject standing, facing a white board where the map was projected.
“Does the Chinese know this narrow gap?” asked by the general.
“I believed that they have no knowledge about this area, Sir. This gap was fully patrolled by our boat and no Chinese vessels had ever come nearer to this area,” told Captain Salac.
“Good. We will surprise them at this point. Aside from this, our enemy was fully convinced that we have no capability for aerial mining. “
The Philippine Air Force had modified four C-130 transport planes to accommodate and dispense aerial mines many years ago before the situation in the Spratly flared up. Added to these assets were the two amphibious planes also capable of aerial mining. These two types of aircrafts were a big help to the defense of the Kalayaan Island Group.
The coordinates of the area were furnished and the mission was implemented. Four C-130 planes together with the propeller-driven amphibious planes took-off from Puerto Princesa airport on Palawan. The flight was not escorted so as not to arouse suspicion that the planes were executing a different mission. Their movement, if ever observed by the enemy will be interpreted as a regular supply and replenishment mission for the Kalayaan. The fighters will only escort them on their return trip after they have completed their mission.
After initiating the mission General Bane told the National Security Council about the strategy.
“This is the scenario, gentlemen,” told General Bane in the electronics conference. “Chinese flotilla will enter the Spratly as a single projection of force that no Third World country can confront without being crushed. At this time our naval forces that were composed of modified World War 2 vintages and newly acquired ships were positioned near the vicinity of Patag and Lawak islands. But these ships will not challenge the flotilla frontally. It was a qualified suicide. We must remember that battles is not always a matter of hard fighting  We  will engages them  in a battle of positioning by  negating them to use the narrow passage. Without this passage I believed that in this preliminary battle we will win by positional advantage. But how much we will gain from the aerial mining? Gentlemen, by this, we will gain precious time. Time that was needed by our ally the United States of America to prepare and send her forces to defend our territory by virtue of our Mutual Defense Treaty. This territory that was rightfully belongs to us is now slowly gnawed by our enemy.  I assure you my fellow countrymen, in this initial confrontation, our enemy will suffer a setback.”
The Chinese flotilla reached the narrow passage northwest of Parola Island. They were confident as evidence of the scattered formations of their warships as they traverse the narrow gap leading to the heart of the Spratly.  The lead ship, a mine hunter cruised without operating its sonar. Then suddenly it hit the mine. The explosion wrecked the lower part of the bow of the ship. Instantly, deluge of water rushed in from a wide gaping hole. The crews were shocked at the explosion. Then panic settled in upon them as the ship dived because the running engine   plowed the bow in forward motion taking tons of waters that hastened its sinking. Few minutes later the ship vanished in the dark of the night. The rapidity of the incident made the flotilla to slow down to almost a halt. Then they execute a single file formation as the remaining mine hunter speeded ahead of the formation to sweep the area of mines. To their astonishment, the result indicates that the area was heavily mined. The mine hunter can only clear a limited space at a certain time, needed for their safe passage. But it will take time to fully clear the entire length of the narrow passageway. The flotilla decided to ovoid the area. They turn around and sailed westerly.  They cancelled their original invasion route. They will re-enter the heart of the Spratly using the passageway called Fiery Cross-Central Reef gap before heading toward their objective. They will use the gap because they knew that it was a safe passage because the area was patrolled by their naval ships stationed on the two islands.
But to traverse the gap requires additional fuel supply for the flotilla as well as other adjustments for their combat air patrol because the scenario was not included in the war plan. The problem the flotilla encountered was a minor one, but it was a significant one. They have lost a decisive advantage over their enemy as they regroup to hatch again another war plan.
7. FRACTIONAL STRIKE
                    
The Philippine Air Force had acquired squadrons of Bronco planes from the United States through foreign military sales. The primary mission of the planes was reconnaissance but it was upgraded and retrofitted for maritime attack. This was done due to the scarcity of funds to finance the acquisition of modern maritime attack aircrafts.  These upgraded Bronco planes provided the Philippine Air Force modest maritime aircrafts which the air force are lacking due  to the priority for planes ideal for air defense of the country. Except for a squadron of F/A-18 Hornet dedicated for air interdiction with as secondary role for maritime attack, there are no other aircraft the Philippine Air Force possessed suited for this type of mission. Because the Bronco has a mission range of 560 nautical miles, the military planners believed that the aircraft was best suited for the operation in the Spratly.  Two squadrons of Bronco operating in the area were a big boost to the defense of the Kalayaan.
As originally built, the Bronco was configured to carry a three-barrel 20 mm cannon on its belly. This was retained by the planners. The cannon can be used against helicopters or flying boats that the Chinese possessed. The sponson mounted hard points under its body designed to carry ground attack ordnances was reworked to accommodate lightweight torpedoes.  It has also hard points under its wings designed to carry Sidewinder missiles were redesigned to carry Sea Skua anti-ship missiles. Most of the electronics goodies of the Bronco were retained. These are the forward looking infrared sensor and the automatic video tracker with a powerful zoom capability. Sea surveillance and targeting radar was installed as an added modification. As originally designed, the Bronco possesses a survival instinct.  It has a modified exhaust system that directs the heat emitted by the engines rearward for a low infrared signature. It was also equipped with chaffs and flares dispensers, used to defeat radar-guided missiles as well as heat-seeking missiles. Since the Bronco has a speed of 320 knots, the military strategists knew that the plane can dash out of the Spratly area before the enemy fighters arrived to intercept, considering that the nearest airbase of China on the Paracel Island is hundreds of miles away. The strategists calculated tht the Bronco can attack maritime targets in the area and still have enough loiter time before dashing out. Spratly is too far away for Chinese fighters to intercept on time. The strategists believed that after a successful attack, the Bronco can escape before enemy’s interceptors arrived.
Lieutenant Commander Valdez, the commanding officer of the Maritime Strike Squadron 86 led the two flights of Bronco to attack the flotilla.
“Seaside this is Barter flight lead,” radioed by Commander Valdez.
“Go ahead,” acknowledged General Bane.
“Barter is a flight of over- one- zero, and carries  sixteen light pounded, and eight swath for mission number two-zero-zero one,” said Commander Valdez. The leader informed the controlling base that the flight carried an ordnance load of sixteen Sea Skua light anti-ship missiles, eight sidewinder air to air missiles as specified in their mission order.  Commander Valdez thought of the Barter flight, consisted of four Broncos and their load of missiles and torpedoes. He knew that they are going to attack as well defended surface target, the Jiangu class destroyer. He knew that their missiles can’t sink the destroyer but it can render it electronically crippled.  And base on the assumption that the first wave of attack crippled its radars, the target could not put as decent air defense the Dagger flight will home for the next phase of attack using the missiles with much heavier firepower together with the torpedoes in a close range engagement.
Dagger flight was composed of four Bronco planes that carry a much heavier load. All of the four planes carried two torpedoes on their sponsons. Each plane also carried two Gabriel anti-ship missiles and full load of ordnance for the cannons. Dagger flight is in coordination with the Barter flight on the attack, led by Commander Valdez.  Barter flight will engaged the flotilla first, attacking only a single target, the Jianghu destroyer then Dagger flight will follow suit attacking again the same target in order to sink it.
“Seaside this is Barter flight led approaching Sangley point,” called Commander Valdez.
“Roger, Barter flight,” acknowledged General Bone. “Initiate combs spread formation for condition Bravo.”
“Roger Seaside.”
“Seaside this is Dagger flight lead, approaching Szngley point,” called the leader.
“Roger, Dagger flight. Initiate condition Bravos. Proceed to maneuver to besting two-nine-zero. Target updated is on bearing zero-one-one, five-three miles from Sangley point,” ordered by General Bone.
“Dagger flight lead, copy.”
“Barter end Digger flight, Seaside is shifting tactical for condition Bravo.
The two flight leaders acknowledged the shift of their communication frequencies predetermined in their mission orders.
The initial phase of the attack has just begun. Two flights of Bronco planes had just reached   the imaginary Sangley point which is the vicinity of Parola Island. Condition Bravo is an attacking phase that requires the two flights to separate after reaching Parola. From this point, barter flight will intercept the destroyer frontally while the Dagger flight will attack from the rear of the flotilla after maneuvering away from the flotilla’s radar range.
“Where is now our air cover the F/A 18?” asked General Bane.
“Hammer flight is airborne and approaching Poro Point. Estimated time to arrived at the station at twenty minutes,” told by the tactical action officer.
‘The Broncos?”
“Barter flight is descending into attack formation, while the Dagger flight is maneuvering to the rear of the flotilla,” answered by the officer.
Then the radio came alive.
“Seaside this is Barter flight lead,” called by Commander Valdez. “Go ahead Barter lead,” answered by General Bane.
“We are now at Lamitan Point, altitude of one-five zero feet. Our target is three-five miles and tracking our flight path. There’s a heavy jamming on our electronics suits,” reported by Commander Valdes. Lamitan point is an imaginary distance between the aircrafts and the surface targets where in the flight is entering into the presumed range of the air defense missiles of the target
“Latest report from U.S. satellite, frigate on its rear is closing on the target ready to assist for air defense. Continue with the closure.  Proceed to attack as stated in Plan Pag-asa Zero-One” ordered by General Bane.
“Barter flight lead copy.”
Commander Valdes then called his subordinates.
“Execute attack formation Plan Pag-asa Zero-One,” ordered Commander Valdez to the group in their inter-plane frequency.
The members acknowledged the message.
Commander Valdez, the leader of the Barter flight dropped his plane to one hundred feet above the water and leveled his flight at that altitude. The three Bronco planes slowly fell one by one at the wake of the lead plane until they arrived at a single file formation, dashing at two hundred and thirty knots speed.
“Barter flight, this is Seaside base,” called the radio.
“Go ahead Seaside,” acknowledged by Commander Valdez.
“There’s a combat air patrol of four high speed bandits on your ten o’clock as confirmed by U.S. AWACS. Proceed to attack immediately and return to base via the prescribe route. Hammer flight will cover your egress. Bandits will be intercepting your move  anytime from now!”
“Roger, Seaside. We’re tracking now.”
Commander Valdez felt like doused with cold water upon hearing the message. They were entering a trap. High speed fighters of the enemy were coming into them armed for air attack against their lumbering planes without any air-to-air missiles to depend on. But the target was already in front of them. All they have to do is pressed for the attack. They have the opportunity to inflict the first blood even if it means-annihilation of the Barter flight.
“Seaside this is Barter flight lead.  There’s an electronic jamming on our firing solution. We continue on our closure.”
“Press for the attack, Barter. Bandits are estimated to arrive with in ten minutes. Dagger flight is withdrawing and seeking protection from Hammer. Hammer is in route fifteen minutes ETA.”
Fifteen miles away from the target at an altitude of one hundred feet, the single file Bronco flight was picked up and locked by the Jianghu class destroyer. Its fire control radar trained its missiles onto them as well as all it anti- aircraft guns.
The destroyer fired its first two medium range missiles.
Barter flight anticipated its move.
“This is Barter lead. Release chaffs and break!”
The four Bronco ejected their chaffs simultaneously creating glittering clouds on their wake as the single file Bronco planes arched to the starboard side.
The supersonic missiles hit the chaffs and exploded.
Barter flight survived the explosion at the nick of time. Commander Valdez pressed for the attack. He called his men to regroup again and maneuver for a firing solution. It the distance of nine miles toward the target with an altitude of seventy feet zbove the sea, Barter flight got a clear shot. All the Sea Skua missiles have a lock-on on one single target- the Jianghu destroyer. But the destroyer also got a firing solution against them.
“Fire when ready!” Commander Valdez told his men on the radio.
Then he told the base about the situation.
“Seaside, this is Barter lead going for the attack.”
The four Bronco headed toward the target in spread out formation skimming just above the water. Then simultaneously, they fired the missiles. The missiles streaked toward the destroyer while the Bronco continued their closure to guide the missiles by the planes’ radars
As the missiles streaked toward the destroyer, its air defense system as well as that of the assisting frigate pounded the assumed flight paths of the missiles by their anti-aircraft guns as evidence by the heavy flak formations above their airspaces. But the guns cannot pin down the missiles. The Sea Skua missiles traveling at supersonic speed while skimming the waves are very hard targets to be shoot down. The missiles continued its closure until it acquired the destroyer on their own sensor, targeting the upper structure of the destroyer.
The destroyer fought back by firing its four missiles against the Bronco planes. Its close-in weapon system blazed end spewed its deadly bullets on the incoming missiles but it only managed to shot down two missiles.
The remaining missiles hit the target and exploded in rapid succession wreaking havocs on the communication and electronics equipments housed on the upper structure, rendering the ship electronically blind and crippled.
Commander Valdez knew that Barter flight succeeded in their mission. He felt elated and relieved. But only for a moment, his radar showed that four missiles were coming on them fired by the destroyer before the explosion. He was rattled again upon knowing the missiles were already on their own autonomous guidance, diving from a high altitude.
“Full chaff release now!” he ordered his men
Then he maneuvered his plane for escape.
“Break for egress!” he yelled again.
The members followed the arching maneuver of their lewder to escape from the missiles.
The missiles of the destroyer, does not have the sea-skimming mode. After it popped-up from the canisters it will sour it high altitude flight before diving at high speed toward the target. But its sensors and its guidance could not follow the high speed dash of the planes near the surface. Instead its sensors decided to choose the stationary formations of glittering chaffs. All the missiles exploded harmlessly.
Barter flight continued its escape by skimming above the waves. Few minutes later they were in a safe range away from any possible attack from its enemies. “Seaside this is Barter flight lead. We’ve completed a successful attack on the target. Barter flight is engaging in egress run based on Plan Pag-asa Zero-One,” called Commander Valdez.
“Good move, Barter. But it’s not yet over. Immediate warning, Barter flight, Bandits were spotted by the U.S. WZCS sixty miles from you and closing. Drop to sea- skimming mode in full power. Hammer flight will cover your egress on the some flight corridor. Sessile is shifting tactical.”
Roger, Seaside,” acknowledged by the leader.
 Commander Valdez ordered his group to drop again to sea-skimming mode where their chances of surviving an attack from a supersonic fighter were better than being caught lumbering at higher altitude.
The Bandits were four SU-27 supersonic fighters which were based on Paracel Island. These aircrafts were on station and served as a combat air patrol of the flotilla. Spratly was beyond their fuel range but this deficiency was remedied by their military strategist by having an airborne refueling tinker at strategic locations. The fighters were late to react and were not able to intercept the attacking Bronco because the flotilla detected the   planes only at short range with less time to rest.
After a brief chase, the four fighters closed-in on the Bronco planes like bats chasing slow moving insects. But the four SU-27 were still at high altitude formation while the four Bronco skimmed the surface. Added to this, all the SU-27 do not posses a more advance radar that can effectively deal with fast moving targets near the surface.
Barter flight knew this weakness of the fighters that is why the plan for the egress they opted was the fuel consuming maneuver- sea skimming. They relied on their air cover of F/Z-18; thinking that in due time their protector will arrive to confront their attackers. Precious ticks of time were wasted by the attacking SU-27 fighters. They have no effective surface-moving target tracking radars.  On their radars their computer could not separate sea clutters from their targets. They were looking for a firing solution for their radar-guided missiles but they could not find it. The fighters decided to attack using the short range infra-red homing missiles.
Trailing the Bronco from high altitude, the fighters began to dive, steadily decreasing their altitude, following the wake of the Bronco at slower speed.
Commander Valdez anticipated the move of the attackers.
“Barters flight this is lewd,” he called in their inter-plane frequency. “Bandits are bracing for IR attack! Prepare the flares!”
“Roger, lead,” came the answers.
The SU-27 lead pilot got a lock-on and fired his missiles. He saw his two missiles streaking toward the formation of the Bronco. His lock-on was directed to the last two planes of the flight. Suddenly he saw   simultaneous flashes floating above the formation. Then burst into maximum brightness as the missiles streaked into it. The infrared-guided missiles were easily lured. Their sensors acquired the bursting thermal energy of the flares and headed toward it. The missiles exploded in succession but the Bronco planes were out of harms way. The SU-27 lead pilot staggered in disbelief.  Antiquated aircrafts had fooled their advance missiles and escaped. Out of anger he ordered for an all-out gun attack. He called for a one-on one situation where each member of his group has an enemy plane to deal with. He looked at the Bronco planes as a helpless flight of slow-flying birds ready to be swooped down by them –the hungry predators.
The supersonic fighters overshot the low-flying Bronco. The group arched in unison making a circle maneuver as it dived toward the Bronco, still skimming above the waves.
“Hammer flight, this is Barter lead,” radioed by the leader.
“Go ahead, Barter lead.”
“Say your ETA. We’re under attack! The Bandits are bracing for a gun attack run!”
“ETA is four minutes at high speed.”
“Request to attack at long range! We’re in danger!”
“Roger, Barter led. Hammer will attack at long range.”
The fighters after completing the turn around descended gradually at slow speed, steadily cutting the altitude differences of their targets. After gaining the right altitude each fighter selected their own target.  This time it is a one-on-one situation. The fighters now   aimed their guns on the tails of the Bronco planes, a slight downward angle from their position.
Commander Valdez ordered his men to shake-off the attackers but it won’t work. The attackers were on their back matching their speed. They were ready to crush them any moment from now. Then hope flashed on his mind- they can outmaneuver the fast flyers.
“Barter, execute reverse move now!” he yelled on the radio.
The group understood the command. Barter flight arched to the right for a full circling maneuver at low altitude. Sensing that targets were abruptly changing their direction the attackers opened fire on them even without   accurate aim. Barrages of explosions trailed the wake of the Bronco relentlessly for few minutes. It only ceased when   the attackers overshot the Bronco, with out any hit.
Having the advantage of slow speed, the Bronco can turn around on a short radius compared to their attackers. Within a radius of eight hundred yards the Bronco completed their circling maneuver while skimming above the waves. The supersonic fighters overshot them and kicked speed again to a higher altitude. They struggled to get another attacking position using their guns. Barter flight had bought precious minutes. They were still alive but they didn’t know how long it will last. Hammer flight, their savior was not yet around but the attackers were positioning again for the final shot.
The fighters had acquired again the Bronco on their gun range but in a higher altitude.  They were not attacking yet, nor in a hurry to dive but simply overcastting the planes, calculating their next move.
But suddenly somebody had shot one of the fighters from nowhere. It was blasted in the air and it plummeted ablaze.
“Barter flight, I got one of the Bandits blasted!” exclaimed by the voice on the radio.
“Pulverized them, Hammer!” countered by Commander Valdez.
“They have no room to hide, Barter. Every one is on the firing range to be executed.”
The blast brought the remaining fighters to realize that they were under attack from long range.  The SU-27 fighters banked to the left and rolled. While evading, they simultaneously release the chaffs on their tails. One of the SU-27 was not able to react swiftly and was immediately locked by one of the missiles. The fighter managed to jinks and then released its chaffs trying to fool the missiles- but it didn’t bite the bait. The fighter was blzsted above the airspace of the skimming Bronco.
Barter flight watched the grand show on first class seat. They have seen the blasting of their two attackers that threatened their very own existence few minutes ago. Now they were gone. Their saviors have arrived and they got a sense of relief.
The remaining SU-27 decided to confront the unseen enemy. They swiftly climb toward higher altitude and faced the direction where the missiles came from, even though their radars have not yet picked up anything on its range.
From their position Commander Valdez observed the fading silhouettes of the SU-27, and then he noticed two fast-moving fiery objects goes head-on collision course with the two fighters.  The fighters didn’t alter course. Seconds before the impact, the fighters quickly rolled into opposite direction leaving a wide gap at the center of their course where the missiles passed through and exploded. The fighters escaped unhurt from the blasts.
Then from a higher altitude Commander Valdez saw the silhouettes of their F/A 18 fighters in descending flight, nose pointed it the lower SU-27 fighters. Sensing danger the SU-27 banked and rolled as they tried to break the lock-on desperately. But it was futile; the F/A 18 had already released their missiles with a solid lock-on. Seconds later the missiles found their individual target.
Barter flight members witnessed the explosions above them.  Their attackers were shattered into pieces. They rejoiced. They have won the aerial battle.
“Barter flight, this is Hammer lead. We smoked the Bandits! You’re safe now.”
“Thank you, Hammer.You save us on time.”
At the Seaside base, General Bane received all the reports about the missions conducted by their air assets against the enemy’s warship and he was delightfully convinced with the outcome. Though they got the upper hand in the initial confrontation, he was still deeply bothered by the might and immensity of the enemy that was looming somewhere beyond the unseen horizon. The reports enumerated their accomplishments.  Hammer flight wiped out the air cover of the flotilla without any damage. Barter flight managed to destroy the upper structure of the Jianghu destroyer, wrecking the electronics sensors as well as the communication equipments situated on it. The attack paved way for the Dagger flight to attack the same destroyer and sank it without encountering effective air defense measures from the target. Dagger flight used torpedoes in attacking the destroyer at closer range. All the aircrafts suffered no damage from their respective mission and have returned to buzzes on Palawan Island.
Latest report from the U.S. that General Bane received, confirmed that the flotilla they attacked still traversed the same original course, still heading toward the direction of Chupi-Chiao one hundred and seventy miles away. Another report confirmed by the U.S. spy satellite that a squadron of fighters took-off from their airbase on Paracel Island for a possible air cover for their flotilla or any interdiction mission.
General Bane felt relieve with the tension that was building on his mind. He knew that the flotilla was withdrawing toward as defensive position in the protection of their fortress island before planning their next move. The Chinese had changed their plan after they were hit badly, thought General Bane. Now they realized that the weakling was capable of attacking them successfully not by direct frontal all-out clash but by means of chop and run tactics. The stick left them still physiczlly fit to launch the invasion but deep inside their force we inflicted small wound, which was bleeding and needed attention.
 8. THE TURNING POINT

After the initial fierce confrontation between two warring claimants; Philippines and China, the U.S. military forces decided to challenge the Chinese invasion force by directly hunting down their submarines on their very own waters. Two P-3C patrol and anti-submarine aircrafts were dispatched from Agana Naval Air Station in Guam to directly patrol the area near the vicinity of Hainan Island., particularly the waters that surround one of China’s major submarine bases in Sanya.  The mission was hatched by American strategists to lure the Chinese to attack their forces, which was still considered neutral. The Orion aircrafts were in guise of transiting the area which was legally recognized as international waters.
Although, Chinese government issued warnings to the international communities not to traverse the area without approved permission from them, the Chinese emphasized it as a safety measures due to hostile environment brought by war with the Republic of the Philippines. But the U.S. government does not recognize the Chinese authority over international waters of South China Sea. Instead the U.S. lambasted the Chinese action in the Spratly.  They believed that the closure of South China Sea by the Chinese is an act of aggression to the international communities which uses the free passage in the international waters of the area. Because of the restriction on the free and innocent passage, the U.S. was very anxious to show its muscles and its big stick to whack the bully, now terrorizing and grabbing territories in the neighborhood, which they believed is their economic domain as well as of its allies in the region.
The American strategist believed that China is challenging the role of the U.S. in the region because the U.S. stance on their claim on the whole of South China Sea was ambiguous. They rely on the assumption that the U.S. will not intervene in the conflict which it is not directly affected nor its major allies; Japan and South Korea. The only ally of the U.S. that will be affected by the Chinese aggression is the Philippines, which the U.S. considered only as minor ally, because of its weak armed forces, that could not contribute big enough to support U.S.   interventions. Though they have mutual defense treaty since 1951 still this did not deter China’s expansive action nor does it have explicit condemnation on the aggression in South China Sea. Because of its slow action the Chinese interpreted it as; that the U.S. government will not gamble its immense economic interest in China in exchange of defending the claim of its ally over the disputed area. Aside from this the U.S. openly declares that it did not recognized Philippine claims in the Spratly as well as that of China’s outrageous brag  of historical sovereignty over the whole area dating back to time  when  sea-going boat   does not yet exist. The U.S. strategists believed that the objectives of China’s aggression over the area were limited in perspective. First, they wanted to control the whole area by means of force at the very least time, before international communities could react. If the first objective was not achieved, the second choice is to abide to peaceful negotiations where it can dictate conditions advantageous to its side. The other objective was aimed to show their military strength in the region so as to instill fear and respect from its neighbors.
The two Orion aircrafts refueled after reaching the Philippines. The Visiting Forces Agreement between the U.S. and the Philippines enabled the host country to service the requirements of the U.S. forces, and refueling is one of them. From the facilities of the Armed Forces of the Philippines in Ulugan Bay in Palawan, the Orion refueled for a night mission of Anti-submarine warfare near the vicinity of Hainan Island, where China’s submarine base was located. The Orions reached their mission area without being intercepted because they follow the flight corridor of the Manila-Hanoi commercial air route. Only then when the Orions started to deviate from the international air route alarmed the Chinese air defense operating agency and immediately contacted their nearest airbase on Paracel Island for proper action to be done.
 Two SU-27 aircrafts took-off and headed toward Hainan island with a mission of interdiction of unknown intruders. The fighters caught the Orions in international waters but its nearness to their major submarine base is a security threat. They knew the Orion planes were potent antisubmarine aircrafts.
“Unidentified aircrafts on course 149, this is Peoples Republic of China air defense unit. You are entering our restricted territorial waters. You are posing as military threat to our forces in the area. You are now subject to our defensive measures. Alter course now immediately to 051,” warned the interceptor.
“China air defense, this is U.S Air Force Orion planes. We are on our maritime patrol routines. We are traversing legally in international waters, as stated by our global positioning system .We have violated no sovereignty. Your order is an act of harassment to our peaceful and innocent passage in the area. We will not alter course,” said the Orion.
“U.S Air Force Orion, you are intruding into our irrefutable sovereign territory. Alter course now! We are preparing to shoot you if you get any closer. We have the right to attack you.”
“China air defense, your understanding about international waters is a distorted one.  This area is not your territory. We will only alter course after we have completed our mission. Stay clear out of our path. You’re endangering our flight.”
“U.S. Orion, alter course now! We are ordered to attack you.”
“China air defense, you have no authority to attack aircrafts in international waters, If you attack us, you’re provoking war against the U.S.”
“I have my order Orion; you have fifteen seconds to change your mind. Alter course now!”
“We have our own orders too. Stay out of our trail, we warn you.”
The mission order for the Orion planes in this kind of scenario had been pre-planned by the U.S. strategists before the planes took-off. This was designed to confuse the enemy thereby making him susceptible to erroneous judgments.
The Orions were ordered by their authority to dispense abruptly all their sonobouy stores automatically and in rapid succession. It was pre-planned move to surprise the enemy aircrafts that were trailing their wake. This was done in order to for them to commit decisive move based on the situation where no time available to request from the higher authority permission to fire, upon the intruders.
The SU-27 lead plane that was trilling the last Orion was caught by surprise when a barrage of missile-like tubes showered its flight path. He was caught off-guard and his first instantaneous reaction was to pull the trigger of his gun. His decision was based on the existing order that allowed him to attack if fired first by the enemy. The lead pilot interpreted the Orions’ move as direct attack upon them.
The lead Su-27 immediately fired his cannon and quickly bunked to the left to avoid hitting the cluster of free-falling tubes that the Orions had ejected. The other plane followed his move.
One of the explosions caught the left wing of the lead Orion, now making evasive turn.
“Shadow Blue this is Radius flight lead. We are under attack! Lead suffered left wing tank damage. I’m leaking fuels. Request for escort and protection,” called the Orion lead to their AWAC plane orbiting nest the Palawan Sea.
“Roger, Radius lead. Contacting base now,” said the AWAC
After the AWACS got the reply from the higher authority the plane contacted the Orions.
“Radius flight, abort the mission now! Proceed to besting 175 for emergency landing on Pag-asa Island. Interdiction flight is on the way,” radioed by the AWACS.
After the initial burst of his cannon, and now positioning himself on the portside of the Orion, the lead SU-27 pilot realized that the Orion he was trailing was not attacking him but only dropping its stored sonobouys.  It came lately to his senses that it was a clever move designed to confuse him and he decided hastily. Now it was too late, he thought. He hit the Orion. Luckily it was not shot down, if so he will be held liable for starting a shooting war against the United States of America. He immediately communicated with his higher authorities and informed them of his unauthorized action against the clever provocation of the intruders. They understood the situation and instead of blaming him of his action, his officers instead commended it. His order was still the same-drive the intruders away from their territory.
After the Orions changed their course and were confirmed to be leaving out of the area a heading toward the direction of Philippine territory, the SU-27 planes returned to base to be relieved by another flight of air patrol
In Pag-asa Island, in the bunkered room of Combat Operation Center, General Bane was informed by their U.S. ally that one of their Orions will have an emergency landing on the airstrip of the island. It will temporarily stay there until the damaged on the plane has been repaired. There will be U.S. Air Force helicopters coming on the way too, to ferry technicians as well as vital aircrafts parts needed for the repair. He was also told that the other Orion headed to Japan after inland refueling in Philippine airbase in Palawan.
9. FORTRESS ISLAND: PAG-ASA ISLAND

General Bane and his staffs situated inside the Combat Operation Center, buried under the massive concrete fortification of Pag-asa Island in the Spratly received the latest report of military intelligence furnished by the U.S. confirming the presence of China’s naval forces near the area. The flotilla was positioned southwest of Pag-asa, eighty miles away. This put Pag-asa and the nearby Philippine islands in the area within a striking distance of their long-range missiles. The general ordered the air defense system of the island be prepared by bringing out the bunkered close-in weapons system; the 30-mm Gatling gun with a rate of fire of seventy rounds per seconds. The air defense system of the island was installed as an integrated part of the bunker complex with weapons and sensors turrets mounted on top of the circular bunker while the electronics and automatic ammunition loader facilities housed under thick concrete cover. The turrets were also protected by retractable dome housing made of thick solid steel capable of protecting the system from outside barrages of explosions.
General Bane was expecting massive bombardments of missiles coming from the invaders directed toward all the islands they occupied, especially Pag-asa Island, their most important base in the area. He was also anticipating an invasion force ready to assault and occupy their territories after the strike. But General Bane was optimistic too. He was fully convinced that Pag-asa can survive the attack. The island has decent defensive fortification aided by guns and missiles of medium and short range of firepower. The island has missiles against ships, planes and landing crafts. All the rapid-firing guns were enclosed in hardened bunkers. They have machine gun nests ringing the island together with mortars of different caliber. Pre-positioned mines littered the shallow water around the island. He knew that it would be suicidal for the enemies to penetrate their defense that is why he anticipated heavy bombardments to soften up their defenses, before the enemy sent the troops to capture and occupy the island.
It has been known to the Philippine government as well as to its ally, the U.S. that  China has a great ambition over the whole of South China Sea The Chinese have been preparing decades ago for a possible  military confrontation in the disputed Spratly area. It easily routed Vietnamese naval forces in the area decades ago because of their superior armaments. Now China was fully prepared.  All the territories they occupied in the area were all garrisoned complete with stored armaments and have fuel depots.   All their islands have hardened bunkhouses for their troops and were stockpiled with war materiel as well as spare parts for their naval assets operating in the area. Their bigger islands have repair facilities for its ships and flying boats. Another preparation made by China, is the development of armaments well suited for the environment of the Spratly. One of them is them is the hovering landing craft designed to traverse shallow corral reefs and sand bars.  Another important preparation is the development of land-attack missiles with heavy warhead designed to blast hardened fortifications. These missiles were deployed on their major worships as well as on their garrisoned islands.
An important message was handled to General Bane by an aide.  It was generated by their automatic data processing instrument connected to the communication center of Western Command based in Palawan, which received the message via satellite communication furnished by the U.S. coming from U.S. Defense Pacific Command.
The message:
DETECTED AND TRACKED+++FOUR MISSILES FROM LUDADESTROYER+++BEARING 319 HEADING PAG-ASA+++
General Bane knew that defending the island against missiles using their close-in weapons system is not effective. Compared to aircrafts, missiles were small, fast and capable of skimming above the water. He decided not to confront it for fear of exposing their defensive assets and damaging it prematurely. He wanted to preserve their fighting capability at this time. He was waiting for proper condition to arrive, before he will order to bring out their equipments from their hardened shelter to engage the forces of enemy.
General Bane called the soldiers manning the system.
“CIWS, this is General Bane. Missiles attack is expected at any moment. Secure the gun in their storage and activate blast protection immediately.”
He also ordered to shelter their radars, FLIR sensors and other communication equipments. Most of the armaments on Pag-asa were movable. They were mounted on wheeled platforms and can be sheltered in short notice inside their hardened bunkers. Solid steel blast doors protect the entrances of various bunkers scattered around the island.  After the complete withdrawal of the defensive assets,   the only things left exposed as targets were top of the bunkers, runway pavement as well as steel communication tower of the island.
There was silence inside the Combat Operation Center room. The radio temporarily ceased its traffic; while the data processing computer lost its link after the satellite disc was concealed and switched off. But Pag-asa Island was not totally isolated. It can still communicate to the outside world via their submarine cables interlinked to the seven major islands in the area. General Bane told the Western Command that Seaside base is going to be attacked and all major communications will be channeled through secured submarine cable link. In doing this, he sent first the message to Lawak Island then its facilities relayed the message to the base in Ulugan Bay in Palawan.
Two missiles, one trailing the other in high altitude, suddenly dived toward Pag-asa Island without any opposition. The missiles were accurate as it homed on the elevated rooftop of the hardened bunker in the central part of the island. Powerful blast bombarded the structure and the nearby area around. The blast caught and toppled the steel tower of the island.
The second attack was worst.  Missiles slammed again the same area where the first attack occurred. The second series of explosions punctured a crack on the hardened roof and debris of concrete slabs burst inside the bunker scattered in different directions.  Billows of smoke end smells of explosives invaded the interior of the bunker. The fan that supplied fresh air inside the shelter was damaged by the blasts, making the soldiers  to gasped for their breath as the oxygen were diluted with smoke.
After the initial shock brought by the attack, bottled oxygen were distributed as well as gas masks. War has just begun, the soldiers knew. The initial destruction did not ruin their will to fight but instead fueled their fervor to defend the island until the last breath of their life.
When General Bane received the message that no more missiles were fired from the Chinese warships, he decided to bring out their air defense weapons.
“Air defense officer,” he called in the inter-bunker communication.
“Yes, Sir. This is Air Defense Unit.”
 “Officer, bring out the Starburst missiles out of its hole and place the whole system below the extended runway.”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Position also the Stinger vehicles at the foot of the runway,” added General Bane.
The officer acknowledged the command.
The laser-guided Starburst Air Defense Missiles System was mounted on wheeled vehicles. Two of the vehicles emerged out of the blast door of the main bunker followed by two LAV-25 air defense vehicles carrying Stinger missiles in canisters, housed in four. Each vehicle carried eight missiles and 25-mm cannon as added firepower.
General Bane ordered also the full activation of all their fixed-positioned weapons. The CIWS popped out from its hole after the steel blast cover retracted. Its radar antenna extended upward and started to scan the surroundings. Also the machine gun and Vulcan anti-aircraft gun bunkers that ringed the island were readied as its roof shield opened and the muzzles were trained toward the airspace.
Another message was received by General Bane informing him about the incoming second wave attack of the enemy, using aircrafts.  It was classified by the U.S. satellite that the composition consists of eight Z-5 Qantan fighter–bombers, four HB-7 maritime attack aircrafts escorted by two SU-27 and eight J-8B fighters. The aircrafts were tracked   since it took off from their airbase in Paracel and were now heading toward the direction of Kalayaan Group of Islands.
 Based on the superior strength of enemy’s forces General Bane ordered the combat air patrol, not to intercept them. He knew that the air cover was overwhelming. He can foresee that they will be routed if ever they tried to engage with them. He ordered all the units belonging to air defense, to fire at any attackers who came within their weapon range.
 The radar of the CIWS picked up the first batch of the attackers. The low-flying A5-Qantan planes in close formation heading toward Pag-asa Island were painted. At twelve miles, the CIWS radar started to track it and fed its computer with its gathered data to be used for firing. At a distance of seven miles away from the island, the planes spread out, then climbed until it reached a sufficient altitude. The Starburst as well as the Stinger vehicles was tracking the intruders but they could not have locked-on on the targets. The radar-guided CIWS got the first lock-on on the nearest plane and steadily tracked it. Within the range of five miles, the CIWS spewed its wall of steels upon the incoming intruder.
The lead plane banked but it was slow. It was caught by the deadly barrages of steel. The plane spiraled downward in flame.
After seeing the danger of enemy’s air defense, the remaining A-5 Qantan chose to attack at long range. Six missiles streaked toward Pag-asa, a pair coming from each plane. The pilots terminated immediately its guidance, as they maneuvered to avoid being hit; even without assurance tht their missiles will not alter its course. The missiles were difficult to be shot down. Its diving maneuvers were difficult to be tracked by the CIWS. Its simultaneous closures left the other missiles without tracking solutions because CIWS radar can only prioritized one target at a time, leaving the five missiles unattended. The LAV-25 vehicles’ guns managed to fire at the incoming two missiles but   hit nothing.
Four missiles rammed the foot of the runway and exploded. The two LAV-25 vehicles were blzsted on their positions and its occupants instantly died in the explosions that deeply cratered the concrete pavement of the runway. Only two missiles were shot down by the CIWS.
The A-5 planes managed again to attack from a safe distance by employing their long range missiles. The air defense of the island spewed out its fire upon the swarm of missiles but all were fully guided and controlled by the planes so it steered out of harms way. Awesome explosions rocked the island that silenced its air defense. The CIWS was smothered as well as the Vulcan guns and the machine gun placements.  All protruding bunkers were leveled to the ground. The runway was cratered big and deep. The island was in flame too. The explosions damaged the underground fuel storage of the island. It seemed that the whole of Pag-asa froze in time. Eerie silence covered the island.
Then under the shadow of the bridge-like extended runway that stretched up to the edge of the water, emerged the Starburst vehicles. This is the only remaining defensive weapons that survived the attack. When the occupants knew that they are going to be attacked they managed to shelter the vehicles under the bridge-like structure of the extended runway.
After the attack the A-5 aircrafts left the area leaving the whole island of Pag-asa smoldering in ruins.  Their escort fighters, the SU-27 and the J-8B seemed like rejoicing upon the outcome as it flew around the area unchallenged. The last phase of the attack was carried by four HB-7 bombers called the “Fighting Leopard”.  The plane was comparable to the capability of British Tornado fighter-bomber plane. The planes flew at normal attack altitude, carrying heavy free-fall bombs for the purpose of destroying the solids fortification of the island, as if the enemies were so obsessed of obliterating the whole Pag-asa Island in South China Sea.
There were no tracking signals received by the approaching bombers and they presumed that the island’s air defense weapons were plastered to the ground. All they can see from their position were thick smoke and fumes shrouding the face of the island. They conclude that air defense was dead. They were wrong. The Starbursts vehicles were intact and operable. Silently without emitting any electronics signals, the crew of the vehicles waited until the bombers entered into their effective range
The planes, heavy with bombs were lumbering targets. The defenders prepared to fight back. Two laser-guided missiles streaked toward the approaching bombers that caught them unprepared. The missiles hit two targets and blasted it in a flash.  The bombers got no time to react upon the swiftness of the events.  As the two bombers continued its dive toward the island, it released its load of bombs then climbed to escape. But before the bombs could hit the ground, another volley of four missiles was fired and locked on the evading bombers. The bombers were blown to pieces by the explosions instantly. Seconds later the ground below trembled as the heavy bombs released by the bombers detonated.
The attack caught the attention of the Combat Air Patrol that escorted the bombers. They sensed danger. The island have still credible air defense, they concluded. They hurriedly left the area for fear of being fired upon.
 They didn’t know that it was the last breath of island’s air defense.
In their initial foray into the island using air attack, the Chinese suffered major casualties. They found out the hard way that it has credible air defense. They never expect that the battle will be fought that way. But they stuck on their war plan. There was no turning back. They must take the island at any cost.  The first objective of the Chinese is to seize the heavily fortified Pag-asa Island. After taking control of it, they will simultaneously assault the nine other major islands in the Kalayaan Island Group.
Hours later the Chinese renewed their attack on the island. Land attack cruise missiles coming from Subi Reef installation bombarded Pag-asa relentlessly. The defenders could not fight back nor defend the island anymore. All elevated structures were blzsted and leveled to the ground but the underground central bunker hold on.
Inside the Combat Operation Center, General Bane was preparing their next move. The defenders were still intact from their holes under the ground ready to repel the invaders who will come ashore.  They were ready to die defending Pag-asa Island, defending the flag and the country. Streams of information coming from the U.S. arrived at Seaside base, relayed through submarine cable link. Base on the updated information the general drafted his next move.
 

