
The
SECOND AMENDMENT #1
Legal Thriller by John Matthews
–
Published by John Matthews
–
Copyright 2012 by
John Matthews
–
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced without written permission, except for brief quotations to books and critical reviews. This story is a work of fiction. Characters and events are the product of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.  


The Second Amendment:
A well regulated Militia, being
necessary to the security of a free State,
the right of the people to keep and
bear Arms, shall not be infringed.


“If Vince Flynn and John Grisham got together to tackle probably the most controversial issue of the past two decades—Gun Control—this is what they might come up with. Hair-trigger suspense all the way. Electrifying.”
 – Crime Ink.

“The FBI and Capitol Hill go head-on against the far-right and self-appointed militias in this no holds-barred thriller. Amongst all the bullets and mayhem, the thorny issue of gun control is also handled sensitively—but don’t expect much time to draw breath between the two. A ‘loaded’ issue in more ways than one.”
- Books, etc.


The Second Amendment #1
76,000 words.
The Second Amendment #2
95,000 words.


Prologue

November, 2006
This was the hardest part. Connecting the C4 fuse wires without killing yourself.
Blake Koenitz had done it without incident countless times before, but still the moment raised the hairs on the back of his arms, brought a bead of sweat to his forehead. He held his breath as he slotted the wires in position: eight decoy wires, three of which were red, connecting to four micro switches. Then the two wires which would actually carry the ignition charge: one blue, one green.
Koenitz didn’t expect the bomb to be discovered, but he’d become used to setting elaborate challenges for BD experts. He’d trained enough of them in the army. He made quick work of the decoy wires, then with a steadier hand and tighter concentration started on the final two wires. One slip – touching virtually any wiring beyond the bridge circuit – and the bomb would be activated. He’d set only a five second delay once the bridge circuit was completed; he would barely make it to the far corner of the warehouse. He’d still be caught in its blast.
This time they’d planned well. After Oklahoma, it was important to send a more precise message to the ATF and Capitol Hill. It was now almost ten months since they’d infiltrated a computer supply and maintenance company which supplied to the Treasury and ATF. At first, it had just been an intelligence operation: copying over anything left on hard disk when computers came in for repair. But there had been little of interest. Either they’d been unlucky enough only to get the more mundane, day to day treasury files, or anything sensitive had already been wiped.
Three weeks back they’d finally decided on the bombing. They were getting virtually nothing from the files; little would be lost by the action, and there would be precious few other opportunities to make such an incisive inside strike. 
Koenitz met with their contact, a young computer engineer called Peter Nyman, told him he wanted to plant a bug inside one of the computers. It took a heavier bribe of $20,000, and predictably Nyman had been nervous about planting it himself. Koenitz had placated that he didn’t need to. Just tell them which computer was being shipped back into the ATF offices next and how to avoid the alarms, leave the rest to them.
There was a day care nursery on the ground floor, but the bomb would take out only the ATF ninth floor offices and perhaps part of the floors each side. Unlike Oklahoma, the message this time would be clear: this was no longer a rag-tag brigade, they could strike anytime and anyplace. And take out only those they chose. Something to give the President pause over breakfast.
The only windows to the warehouse – a high strip eight foot by one foot just below ceiling height – had a circuit alarm which Koenitz had bridged with a wire. The next obstacle had been the alarm which picked up any movement, but Nyman had told him about a blind spot in the far left corner of the warehouse. As long as he kept low, he would be out of its range. He’d practically crawled along the ground, ducking quickly behind the second work bench row. As arranged, Nyman had placed the computer on a shelf below the bench. Koenitz could reach it without tripping the motion alarm.
Still, he had to be careful not to raise his head above the work bench height, and crouched low as he made the connections. Three or four minutes more and he’d be finished, could head off for the meeting with Nyman. The blue was connected, now the...
Koenitz froze. He could hear a car approaching. The only sounds to reach him so far had been the background drone of traffic and occasional distant barge horns breaking the mist on the Potomac. This was a factory and warehouse estate, usually deserted at night – who could possibly be driving around? He could hear the thrum of its engine, the slow spin of its wheels. It seemed to have slowed down to only five or ten miles an hour as it approached. Possibly the estate’s security service, Koenitz thought. 
He stayed motionless, every nerve end jarred tight as the car lights hit the side of the building. He felt a tickling on his forehead from some beads of sweat forming. He couldn’t risk letting go of the wires to wipe it off, so tilted his head in closer to his body – and after a second, watched a droplet slowly fall onto his arm. That too he had heard of among the horror stories over the years: sweat droplets falling on delicate circuits, making the connection.
The glare of the lights shone starkly through the high strip windows. Koenitz’ pulse pounded as they panned slowly down the side of the building, his eyes fixed on the open window at the end and the wire still in position – silently praying that the lights wouldn’t pick it up.

‘Come on, Daniel, come on. Hurry. We’ll be late.’
Josette Horvath knocked back the last of her coffee, looking on impatiently as her three year old son struggled with the last of his cornflakes. There couldn’t be more than four or five spoonfuls left in the bowl, but suddenly he’d gone into slow motion.
Another spoonful and his big eyes looked up. ‘Full, mommy. Full up now.’ His voice was squeaky and pleading.
She looked between the bowl and Daniel. That wide-eyed look and he could get away with anything. And he knew it. She felt guilty because the morning rush was invariably her fault: shower, make-up, getting Daniel’s clothes ready, making coffee, breakfast on the table. There never seemed enough time to get everything ready and leave when they should. The joys of single motherhood. She kept telling herself to get Daniel’s clothes ready the night before, but she was nearly always too tired after work. In the end, a compromise. She ruffled his hair and smiled. ‘Look, just one more spoonful – then we gotta go. Okay.’
Daniel returned the smile dolefully as he took the last mouthful. Josette grabbed keys, bag, hers and Daniel’s jacket – her eyes darting around for anything she might have forgotten: stove off, iron, coffee percolator, lights. 
She turned quickly to the hall mirror, pulling her hair back and through a maroon cloth band. It was still dry and crinkled from being washed the day before, but at least she could grow it just over shoulder length before it became too frizzed; the one legacy from her Italian mother. In most of the rest of her face, her father’s negro features predominated: wide nose, but large eyes and generous mouth that became the focal points, compensated. Beyond her reflection, she could see Daniel scampering down from his chair.
She crouched down and smiled as she put his coat on. ‘Hokay, big boy. Let’s move.’
Halfway to the front door, Daniel suddenly wheeled around. ‘Girry, Girry! I forgot him.’ He darted back as she looked on helplessly.
Josette opened the front door and was halfway down the porch steps when Daniel re-appeared seconds later with the toy giraffe. Gerry the giraffe. Daniel had happily agreed her choice of name, but still pronounced it Girry. The most recent present from his absent father. Sent from Mombassa or Addis Ababa or whatever was the current resort stop-over for photo journalists in war-torn Somalia or Rwanda. All she had was the number of the news agency and the last Holiday Inn he’d bothered to phone from. 
Josette’s breath showed on the chill November air as she got in the car. They hadn’t divorced yet – the same excuse which had largely led to their break up: no time with his hectic globe-trotting work schedule. But they’d been separated now for almost a year, and it looked permanent. She resolved to bring the subject up again and get some papers into motion next time they were in the same hemisphere.
Daniel jumped in the back and she dumped her shoulder bag on the passenger seat. She started up and headed off. Ford Taurus, standard FBI issue. Twelve minutes later she hit the normal jam approaching the New Hampshire Avenue junction. She tapped her fingers on the steering wheel, anxious that she might be late dropping Daniel off with Louise.
Bzzzzzzzz-click..... bzzzzzzzzz-click. In the back, Daniel played with Girry. In her rear view mirror, Josette could see the giraffe’s motorized neck snake to one side then, as it clicked in position, its large lidded eyes would blink twice; another press on the blue button at its side and the neck would snake back to the other side: click, two more blinks. Josette found it annoying. Daniel had played with it almost incessantly since the package arrived from Africa two weeks back. Eight thousand miles away and Sammy still managed to irritate her. 
The traffic started moving ahead. In the end, she was only three minutes over the arranged 8.10am drop-off time. A quick peck to Daniel’s cheek, a ‘Thanks’ to Louise – ‘I’ll pick him up from your place later’ – and she headed off. Louise ushered Daniel and her own son Jordan, only a few months younger, into a battered Civic Shuttle. The Civic followed behind for almost a mile, and the last receding image in Josette’s mirror was it turning into Irving Street.
Josette kept straight on Georgia Avenue a hundred yards more, then pulled over, took the gun and holster out of her bag and looped it onto her belt. The same routine each morning. She was always careful to keep the gun out of Daniel’s sight. The current fashion within the agency was men’s suit jackets for concealment, but she preferred long, loose dress shirts with waistcoats or bolero tops. More stylish, but the individualism was more important to her; it was easy enough to feel like a feebie clone without following bureau fashion trends. 
She re-joined the traffic, picked up speed. The city flashed by her window, the decay gradually receding. As if the massive cultural dose at the Capital’s core, like a benevolent mushroom cloud, could only spread so far. The tenements, chipped paint houses and boarded shops gradually gave way to more solid brownstones, townhouses and office buildings. Architectural staging towards the city’s cold, monolithic heart.
Her cell-phone started ringing. She waited for the upcoming junction lights before fumbling in her bag: filofax, business card folder, make-up bag. She got it on the fourth ring. ‘Yeah.’
‘Are you heading out on a case or coming in this morning?’ Tony Anderson, her section head. 
‘Coming in. I should be there soon.’ The urgency in Anderson’s voice made Josette alert. ‘Why?’
‘We’ve got news coming in from New Orleans. They’re pretty sure now it was a bomb.’
A truck rumbled across the intersection in front of her. The lights changed, but she was slow moving off. A horn beeped from behind. Six days since the plane had gone down, and the wait meanwhile had been tense, especially with the intense media speculation: an accident? A bomb? Arab terrorism? Home grown? The Scribe? The last Josette found hard to swallow. To date, the Scribe had been responsible for only one fatality, why would he suddenly down a planeload? ‘Any tell-tale signs as to who?’
‘Nothing concrete yet. We won’t get a full report till sometime tomorrow when they get the final lab analysis – but I’ll be speaking to Gaskin later. That’s why I called. Can you bring me your past files when you get here. I want to start running some comparisons.’
‘Sure. With you soon.’ Ringing off, Josette’s thoughts churned with the news. There was precious little in her files apart from the World Trade Center bombing and the Scribe: Unabomber successor and now the prime target of FBI counter terrorist units nationwide. Often she wondered about Tony Anderson’s main motive for putting her on the Scribe: something to mark her thirtieth birthday, the fact that she would be the only female agent in his section working it, or her ethnic heritage? Ultra-right bombers tagged as little more than modern day Ku-Klax-Klanners. For any true blooded African-American, surely the grand prize. 
But it had come at probably the worst time for her home life. Supported a continuing argument with Sammy about her absorption with work. With Daniel’s birth, she’d suggested that Sammy take more home assignments; he’d responded that she give up the FBI and stay at home. As if it was some sort of trade off. She’d protested that their situations were different. Her work was a few blocks away, his took him halfway across the world. 
Sammy opted for home assignments for almost a year, but was restless, moody. He missed the buzz and excitement of covering foreign hot spots. Then when she started with the ‘The Scribe’, Sammy took a long term foreign assignment within the month. Payback. Only two brief home visits over the next six months, and they both decided to make the separation official rather than just continue drifting. Sammy wasn’t settled at home, and never would be.
She swung into 9th Street. The bright and pastel shades of shop signs and doors zipping by gave way to more somber tones. Last remnants of boarded shops. Remnants of her marriage.
But she couldn’t help feeling partly to blame for the break-up. Had that been the choice? The Scribe and her career or Daniel and her marriage? And she’d chosen the Scribe.
Though she knew deep down that if Daniel looked up at her with those big eyes and asked her to stay at home with him, he didn’t want to go to the nursery any more – she’d give it all up tomorrow. She wondered what his days were like there. She’d only been inside a couple of times; once when she’d first made the arrangement and once when she’d left early and picked up Daniel herself. Daniel and Louise’s son Jordan apparently played well together, and Louise worked in a government manpower division on the third floor.
The only other part of the building Josette had visited – while gaining background information on ‘The Scribe’ a few months back – were the ATF offices on the ninth floor.

‘So. What do you think?’
Tony Anderson had been on and off the phone to Gaskin heading up the crash investigation for much of the morning before finally calling Josette back into his office. Anderson smiled; Viva Zapata moustache with a wry twist. ‘I think you should catch the first flight to New Orleans and come back with a full report as soon as possible.’
‘But what do the early signs point to?’ Josette pressed. As always, Josette found the smile both endearing and infuriating. As if Anderson was saying: ‘Really, I’m a nice guy. But if I show it too much, you’ll take advantage.’
‘That’s the problem - it’s too early. They’re not sure yet.’ From what Gaskin had told him on the phone, all the signs were there; but a rush reaction from Josette would serve no purpose. Besides, Gaskin might be wrong. 
Not sure? Josette eyed Anderson keenly. ‘Gaskin’s found something, hasn’t he?’
Anderson sighed. The phone started ringing at his side. ‘He has, but he doesn’t want to speculate. Neither do I. That’s the whole point of sending you. Now just grab a travel docket and let’s get the show rolling.’ Anderson picked up the phone. 
The background hustle and clatter of the adjoining general office drifted in beyond his phone conversation. Average ‘trench’ morning: six or seven clerks at their computers, handful of agents milling around. She stood up to leave. Anderson wasn’t going to give anything away. As she was by the door, Anderson broke off with one hand over the mouthpiece. 
‘Phone me from New Orleans as soon as you know something. Let me know when we’re past the speculation stage.’ 
‘Is Dave going down there with me?’ Dave Haffner was her usual partner and had the strongest knowledge of explosives in their team. 
‘No, he’s in Wisconsin today: Sheboygan. Burridge case. This is just straightforward note and file stuff with Gaskin. You’ll be okay alone.’
‘Thanks, Tony. You’re such an open-hearted, warm guy.’ She blew a kiss and patted her butt with the same hand.
Anderson smiled and resumed his phone conversation.
Halfway to Washington National Airport, Josette hands-free-phoned her mother’s house in Annapolis. She’d tried twice just before leaving with no luck. This time it answered. Josette asked if her mother could pick up Daniel at the nursery and baby-sit that night. ‘You can stay over at my place.’
‘Yes... I think I can.’ Flicking of paper, a diary or calendar being checked, then: ‘Yes, that’s fine.’
An arrangement they’d made many times before and Josette practically knew her mother’s schedule off by heart: English lit tuition three mornings a week and theatre groups two evenings. Three years of hardly venturing out after their father’s death, and now for the past fifteen months, entering her sixties, her mother had discovered a new lease of life. Her diary was busy again. ‘Thanks, mom. Can you get there just before four-thirty, otherwise Louise will head off with him. She doesn’t know you’re coming to fetch him.’
‘No problem. I’ll be there. They working you too hard again?’
‘Something urgent come up in New Orleans. I might make a late flight back. But if I stop over, I’ll phone later to let you know.’
‘I warned you about these government jobs. Your father had a bellyful.’
Josette chuckled. Different league. Her father’s spare evenings had been swallowed up with ambassadorial receptions in Rome or Caracas, or wherever he was stationed, family duly in tow. Not poring over chunks of plane wreckage in some dank New Orleans warehouse. 
They discussed briefly what was in the fridge for Daniel to eat, what time he should be put to bed, and with a ‘Thanks again, mom,’ Josette rang off.
Traffic was heavy approaching the airport and Josette was late checking in. 2.16 pm. Just over forty minutes to boarding. Waiting, the shriek of a young girl playing close by made her look up momentarily from Gaskin’s last report, and a faint shiver inexplicably ran through her. Something she’d forgotten in the rush? Guilt perhaps at spending another night away? No, Daniel loved spending time with his grandmother; he was in good hands. 
Though as her boarding announcement came and she joined the gate passage flow, it struck her what might be disturbing her. Anderson knew something, but wasn’t telling. Yet there were only two reasons for her being involved: Arab fundamentalists, due to her research work on 911, and the Scribe. 
Initially, Arab fundamentalism had been by far the biggest concern, but the Scribe was fast catching up, had planted eighteen bombs in the past three years. So far they’d aimed at maximum damage without loss of life, all meticulously planned with little trace. He’d be as hard to track down as the Unabomber, if they ever found him.
But what if he’d suddenly changed tack and started aiming for body counts? Josette shuddered, the stark black and white photos of the New Orleans wreckage flashing briefly through her mind... then suddenly the smiling face of a stewardess was before her, welcoming her on board.

The face was stark white, a few inches below the surface of the dark river. Then suddenly the eyes opened wide. Fear, bewilderment. The mouth opened to say something, a silent plea marked only by rising air bubbles. The body started thrashing slightly, causing ripples, hips and thighs struggling against the ropes binding them and tying the hands behind the back. The only movement remaining. Eyes wider now. Pitiful. Receding slowly into the darkness as the body sank.
Blake Koenitz stirred the sweetex into his coffee, and the last remnants of the image swirled and faded with it.
Everything had gone well the night before. The car had passed without stopping, and it took him only minutes to finish up and head off for the meeting with Nyman. He’d managed to distract Nyman as planned, claiming he heard some movement in the nearby bushes – then had floored Nyman with a brisk pistol whip to the back of the head. It had taken only a minute more to tie Nyman with rope, legs bound and linked in turn to his hands behind his back. The last part of the rope looped through three fifty-pound barbell weights Koenitz had in his holdall. It was vital the body wasn’t discovered for a while, if at all.
He’d dragged the body the few yards to the edge of the river, then rolled it in. Perfect. Except for Nyman’s eyes popping open at the last moment. Nothing left to do but smile and wave. Bye. 
Such a dummy. Nyman had even asked him what was in the bag and he’d answered semi-honestly: ‘Some weights. I’ve just come from training.’
‘They look heavy.’
‘Heavy enough.’ Wry smile. 
Almost as amusing and ironic as when Nyman had complained about the riverside meeting in Anacostia. ‘I know it’s quiet and deserted here. But it’s such a dangerous area. We could get mugged or killed.’
‘Don’t worry, you’re with me,’ Koenitz had assured, patting his windbreaker. ‘And I always carry.’ If a local crack dealer or tramp had happened by while he’d roped Nyman’s body, he’d have happily popped them at the same time. 
‘You wanna’ donut with that?’
The voice broke into Koenitz’s thoughts. He looked up at the florid black face across the counter, tight curls graying each side. Unlike the mid-West, Washington was full of them. Koenitz glanced at the indicated donut: on a platter alongside a Danish left over from the morning’s trade. ‘You trying to shift that because it’s the last one left, or because you think I really need it?’
The waiter had taken the measure of the man as he’d perched up on the counter stool. Not too tall, five-eight, five-nine, but broad and stocky. Almost as wide as he was tall. A Stormin’ Norman type. Yet trying to look casual with a Pringle poloneck beneath his windbreaker. The eyes unsettled him, an imperceptible color somewhere between green and pale grey, staring straight through him. But this was his serving counter, he ruled the roost here. ‘I jus’ thought you look like a growin’ boy. You could do with the nutrition. But if you don’ want it, no problem.’
Koenitz concealed his inner flinch at the ‘boy’ behind a stone-cool glare. Some cheek. Some of them were now even infiltrating Capitol Hill and close to getting their hands on the reigns of power. At least this one was where he should be: behind a counter, serving. And Koenitz didn’t want anyone recalling him unduly. 
‘Yeah. Only problem is, I’m growing out this way.’ He smiled, holding one hand out by his stomach. ‘But you’re right. Coffee don’t seem quite right without it.’ 
The waiter put the donut on a plate with some tongs and slid it across. Koenitz dipped it in his coffee and glanced at the wall clock as he took a bite: 3.19 pm. Fourteen minutes to go.
He’d chosen the diner because of its position: at two blocks away, close enough on 14th St to hear the explosion, but not so close as to be caught in any resultant police cordon or questioning. 
Koenitz could visualize the scene: the boom and the rattle of the diner’s window from the air rush. Perhaps one or two windows shattered in direct line further up the street. Then people would start spilling onto the sidewalk, looking towards the source of the explosion.
He could have sat at home and watched the newscasts, but he wanted to know straightaway if the op was successful. The night before he’d kept turning over the many things that could go wrong: the C4 discovered by a last minute check, the computer not shipped on time, or it going to the wrong floor or even another building. It could turn up in practically any Treasury office on the same supply and maintenance rota. How reliable was Nyman’s docket information?
Koenitz nibbled a bit more donut, sipped some more coffee. His hand was steady on the cup – long years of setting fuses under pressure – but inside his stomach was churning. He should have felt boosted after the success of the plane strike six days ago. But that had been a covert operation aimed to appear as an accident. This was different. An open strike which said ‘we’re here’. And after Oklahoma, we’ve learned our lessons well.
Koenitz smiled inwardly that the people around him were oblivious to what would soon happen, in particular its affect on American society at large. The street diner with its burger, fries, shakes and short-order counter; a slice of American life virtually unchanged in thirty years.
Yet Koenitz knew that in the wake of the bomb there would be a cold wind of change. The second stage of America’s innocence would be lost. Oklahoma had been the first, had opened the nation’s eyes to terrorism from within. Then had come 911 and Iraq and that threat had been all-but forgotten. It was time for a reminder. 

Josh Lorimer was on file fifty-three. An hour after the Pentium D had come back in, he’d transferred files from the slower Pentium 3 he’d been working on pro temp and continued his search. 3.31 pm. Two and a half hours before lunch and now almost as long after, and he still hadn’t found what he was looking for. Excise duty discrepancies between a liquor distributor and a store chain with outlets across the Carolinas, Virginia and part of Kentucky. 79 files in total. 26 more to go. Most were only a page or two long, columns of figures with brief summary comments, but some ran for five or six pages and took time. 
Pretty much a standard day. File and search. Compile, file again. Report. Brief annotations where required, and on average five cases a month which would get passed on for fuller investigation. Of those, perhaps one in forty might leap out from the pack and result in a search and seizure raid. Lorimer had activated only two the past year, and his department total was eighteen. Nothing dramatic. No resistance, no guns fired in retaliation. Nobody hurt. Most of the ATF’s work these days was plodding and paperwork, reflected by the employee complement on the 9th floor: five agents supported by twelve researchers and clerks, of which Lorimer was one.
But Lorimer knew he wasn’t missing anything. The glory days of prohibition were long gone, and attempts to re-kindle the limelight by taking a strong stance against the growing rash of right-wing militias had only resulted in fiascos like Waco. Back room files were far safer ground. 
Lorimer finished scrolling down the columns in file fifty-three. Nothing there either. He double-clicked on fifty-four. 
Flash of white screen, a split-second sight of text. And then the white again, bursting out suddenly – a blinding, searing light that cut straight through him. 
Five others within twenty feet were killed instantly by the immediate blast, their shattered bodies carried on the relentless outward wave of the explosion. A wave that shattered desks, computers and glass, and ripped plaster and concrete chunks from the floor and ceiling – a maelstrom of debris scything mercilessly through all in its path.
The arc of that outward blast reached over a hundred and fifty feet, taking out all the windows on the ninth floor and over half of those on other floors and in buildings directly across the street and adjoining. Some windows were shattered up to two blocks away. Only four people on Lorimer’s floor survived the outward spread of debris, though two others on the floor above were killed by the upward blast and three on the floor below, mostly from falling debris. A gaping eighteen foot hole had been blown through the floors each side. 
But within that eighteen foot was something Koenitz had not considered: two of the building’s main column supports on the east facing side. Both were severely damaged, concrete stripped bare and more than half the steel strands within sheered through. They were holding, but barely.
Yet the space around them was at that moment a vacuum created by the blast, and the full weight and stress would only be brought to bear once the vacuum was again filled. A mass of debris that a second ago had been spewed out was relentlessly sucked back in to balance the laws of physics.

Bzzzzzzzz-click..... bzzzzzzzzz-click.
In the ground floor nursery, Daniel was drawing a house. It was larger than the one they lived in, with a garden and a giraffe with its head reaching up to an upstairs bedroom window. The last time he’d drawn a giraffe, the teacher had asked if it was a dinosaur. He was being careful this time to keep the head small.
The second time the sound came, Daniel turned and looked across the nursery. A group of eight around him drawing and painting, and another five or six in the center of the room running around and playing noisily. It took him a second to spot Steven playing with Girry at the far end of the room.
He remembered his mother’s words, anxious at him taking Girry to the nursery for the first time a few days back: ‘Be careful with him. Other children might play with him and he could get broken. Are you sure you want to take him?’ He said that he wanted to show his teacher so that she knew the difference between a giraffe and a dinosaur. He’d taken it every day since.
But now he was worried that Steven might break it. He leapt up and ran across the room. He stood before Steven defiantly and held out one hand. ‘My mom said that I mustn’t let anyone else play with it. It could get broken.’
One more buzz-click and Steven handed it back. But he looked hurt.
Daniel started to turn with Girry, but then Steven’s expression gave him second thoughts. Perhaps a moment more wouldn’t harm. He held it out again. ‘Well – just a few minutes more. Then let me have it back.’
At that second, the flash and boom came from nine floors above. 
Both children looked up and around, startled. Two girls playing at the room’s center screamed.
Above, as the air-rush vacuum was filled, four tons of debris from the surrounding floors and walls came to bear on the already weakened ninth floor. The remaining steel strands in the two severed support columns strained and creaked under the additional weight. A suspended moment, and then they finally buckled and gave way.
The five floors above on that east-facing side collapsed like an imploding concertina. They ploughed easily though the ninth floor, then paused on the eight where support columns were still intact. But finally the combined weight was too much and the floor there too was breached.
Daniel had pulled back Girry slightly, as if protecting him from the sudden bang, and both boys looked up questioningly. The only warning was a low ominous rumble as the mounting tons of rubble crashed through successive floors, crumpling them like a falling deck of cards, the deluge gaining momentum as it hurtled towards the ground floor and the nursery.


Chapter 1

The first news broadcast of the bombing came fifty minutes into Josette’s flight. 
She had a row of three to herself and hadn’t switched on her seatback screen, deciding to leaf through a Newsweek from the section rack. Two screens were on directly across the aisle – the bomb newscast and a daytime soap – but Josette was heavily engrossed in an article about the President: Weimann, eighteen months after re-election. Backdrop of scandal. Health care. Welfare reform. Gun control. Tough battles with Congress. Economic turn-around. The same buzz words which had marked Weimann’s first term of office except, the article suggested, Weimann’s first year back in office had been so strongly dogged with fighting past scandals ‘...that only in the past few months has Weimann started to get fully to get to grips with the forefront issues of his re-election campaign. Tindall is at last primed and ready for battle. Mark Tindall, Josette recalled, was the new Attorney General appointed by Lawrence Weimann for his second term in office, in expectation of tougher battles with Congress.
Tindall was a tough Texan DA who had been recommended by Vice-President Andrew Landry. Weimann had been an Akron, Ohio Senator and Landry had traveled a similar White House route from Monterey, California. Weimann expects the strongest opposition to the next stage of the Cullen Bill on gun control now before Congress to come from America’s open-range States - Montana, Texas and Wyoming. Putting one of their own in the front line of attack is seen by many as a ploy to deflect claims of the initiative coming only from liberal, bleeding-heart States. But does Tindall have the necessary to take on Congress and shape a Bill which will see an easy passage?
Josette scanned a few other items before her attention waned. She’d been eager to scan through Gaskin’s earlier file before boarding – but picking through photos of wreckage with neighboring passengers looking over her shoulder hadn’t seemed such a good idea. Little of it was probably now relevant. Gaskin’ earlier report pointed to it being an accident, and now Anderson was saying it was a bomb. 
Was that creating her unease now, being on a plane? Or was it what flying had come to represent in her life: dislocation, change.
Each time she’d flown as a child had been when her father had taken on a new embassy posting: Venezuela, Denmark, Switzerland, Italy, finally Jordan. Just when she was finally settled in at school and established some friends would come the upheaval. For her father it was a new challenge and often a promotion as well. But for her and Bernard, it merely meant disruption: new school, new friends, new neighborhood. She’d cried when they left Rome. Eighteen at the time, they’d been there since she was thirteen. She’d had her first date there, survived the transition from adolescence to adulthood and learned to drive. Still it held her fondest memories, and it had also been her mother’s favorite posting. An almost ‘coming home’ a generation after her own parents had left Italy.
Eleven year’s younger, her brother Bernard’s memories of Italy were more vague. The only benefit of all that traveling and disruption had been languages. Both her and Bernard had fluent Italian and Arabic, and she also had passable Spanish and French. Her Arabic had secured her first job in the same embassy as her father: backroom researcher reading the local journals from Jordan and neighboring Syria and Palestine. Returning to the US, it had also gained her an easy passage into the FBI’s Counter-Intelligence division and in turn Counter-Terrorism. Though up until the Scribe assignment, she’d practically been stuck in the same niche: the FBI’s backroom expert on the threat of Arab-fundamentalist terrorism within the US. 
Bernard had used his languages to further his education. Two languages tagged to a study course of International Politics and Law suddenly made him a good ‘all-rounder.’ The main criteria, along with strong grades, for Rhodes selection. Her mother couldn’t have been prouder. Bernard was one of only four African-Americans accepted that year on the scholarship, and to the same university, Queen’s, where twenty-nine years ago Lawrence Weimann had taken a two year post graduate course after Harvard.
Often it seemed strange to Josette thinking of Bernard now at Oxford, priming himself for a career following in her father’s footsteps or with the State Department’s foreign affairs. The image that stuck most was of Bernard as a toddler and her as a teenager baby-sitting while their parents attended another embassy reception. Happy days.
‘Coffee?’
Josette looked up. ‘Yes, thanks. Cream, no sugar.’
The stewardess poured the coffee and handed over two creamers. As she moved to attend the row behind, the newscast images across the aisle played directly in front of Josette’s vision. But it was a close up shot of a fire-chief being interviewed, with only a partial view of the background: the back of another fireman, two medics with a stretcher, the side of an ambulance. It could have been a fire or emergency situation anywhere in America. Nothing of any significance registered. 

Fire Chief McLoughlin studied the building and the activity around it.
Fifty yards each side had been cordoned off on 14th St. An assortment of ambulances, fire trucks, emergency vehicles, black and whites and unmarked cars – mostly FBI and ATF – a bomb disposal truck, and a small excavator brought in an hour ago to help shift the avalanche of rubble which had spilled across half the street.
The succession of vehicles had changed in the two hours since his arrival. The first there had been black and whites before the feebies and ATF started arriving. And the bomb disposal truck still there must be someone’s idea of a joke. ‘Checking in case there’s another bomb,’ according to one of his men.
‘Presumably to knock down the rest of the fucking building,’ he’d muttered under his breath. 
McLoughlin was angry. Forty-seven dead and still rising, and he felt more like a ringmaster at a circus than in control of the bedlam around him. Beyond the cordon, the crowd gathered, network vans jostling for position, and cameras clicked and whirred. Four units had been let through for an interview just over an hour ago, then pushed back again. Next interview in another hour, if he so decided. The cordon was the only thing over which he had control. Within, it was Hades’ chaos and he was the Devil’s chief registrar. Nothing left to do but to count the bodies as they were picked from the rubble.
He noticed a stretcher approaching with a girl in her twenties. A medic was holding an oxygen mask to her face. A beacon of light among the endless procession of body bags.
‘How many’s that now found alive?’ asked McLoughlin. ‘Eleven or twelve?’
‘Eleven. But we lost two on the way to the hospital, and we might lose as many again over the next few hours. They’re in pretty bad shape.’
McLoughlin nodded solemnly and looked up at the building. Fourteen stories high, the ninth floor had been almost completely blown out, was just a shell of concrete supports. But most of the fatalities had come from the collapse of the building’s east wing. The November light was fading fast, the stark remains of the building a ghostly silhouette in the twilight. 
The rubble from the collapsed east side had slued like a ski slope away from the building, sixteen foot high at its apex. A team of at least twelve picked among the mountain of rubble, throwing the debris clear, and the first helmet lights had now been switched on. The excavator only moved around the shallow base of the mountain where the fresh debris was thrown and they could be sure there were no bodies.
Damn. Where was Incoccia? He’d been in the building over ten minutes now. Their first safety survey had been to check that chunks of what remained of the building wouldn’t suddenly start peeling off to fall on the emergency teams below. Fifteen minutes later Incoccia had emerged with his team and given the thumbs up. The twelve had gone to work on the ski slope of rubble.
The second survey was to judge the likelihood of any air spaces or trapped chambers beneath the mountain of rubble. Driven mainly by drastic hope. On the ground floor of the east wing had been a day-care nursery with sixteen children inside. Four small bodies had already been taken from amongst the rubble, with another two children found barely clinging to life. Incoccia finally emerged. He looked thoughtful as he approached, half turning as he pointed back at the building. 
‘Until we get to where the first floor joins the main columns, it’s going to be difficult to tell if it gave way or stayed in one piece on that far side.’
McLoughlin nodded. The only hope of any possible internal trapped chambers. ‘How long before we might know?’ 
‘An hour, two maybe. There’s still almost five foot of rubble before we get to that point. But hopefully the ground radar might pick something up beforehand.’
They’d been regularly running ground radar sweeps, but the confusion of rubble and steel support strands allowed no more than a few feet clear reference. 
‘And if the first floor has been breached cleanly, what are the chances then?’
Incoccia shrugged. ‘Any section of the first floor which might have sheered off unbroken, got jammed on rubble beneath and created a gap. But we’ve got another problem then.’
‘What’s that?’
‘Time. Any gap would probably only be a few foot high at most. At this rate it could take anything from nine to twelve hours to reach it. Unlikely there’d be enough air to sustain anyone that long.’
McLoughlin’s hands clasped tight. He’d never forgive himself if they found a clutch of small bodies trapped and unmarked in a gap at the bottom, only to discover that they’d starved of oxygen just an hour beforehand. The last body had been cleared from the ninth floor over forty minutes ago; they should be finished their floor by floor search by now. He took out his walkie-talkie and made contact with Hockham, the team leader. Hockham crackled back that they were almost finished on the third floor.
‘Wrap it up as soon as you can,’ urged McLoughlin. ‘We need more help on the ground.’ 
At least the thermal sensors might now give more accurate readings. At first they’d also shown the dead as well, the sensors picking up residual body heat. Now the dead would be cold and the sensors would hopefully pick up only those still alive.
McLoughlin’s breath showed on the night air. With the last daylight fading, a chill pall of desolation washed over him. It looked like it was going to be a long and cold night, with only body bags to mark the time. McLoughlin focused in on the mound of rubble and the helmet lights flickering across it, as if his mind’s eye might sear beyond and give him a fleeting snapshot image of what lay at its core. But no image came. Nothing to ease his sense of desolation. Could anyone really still be alive beneath there?

The blue lights pulsed across Maria Tanner’s face three rows back from the police cordon.
She’d lost her place at the front of the cordon five times now: twice to visit the makeshift incident room set up, a consumers and regulatory office sixty yards away, and the three phone calls to Josette. No answer yet on her cell-phone. We are unable to connect your call at this moment. Please try again later.
How long before Josette was free from her meeting in New Orleans? But another part of her had felt strangely relieved at getting no answer. Her hands had been shaking on the handset each time she’d dialed out. What was she going to say? How would she even start to break such news? That there had been a bomb, and her beloved Daniel was one of the children still buried beneath the rubble. Or perhaps she’d embellish the truth, say that a number of children had been found alive and she was heading to the hospital that minute – hopefully Daniel would be one of them. Provide a glimmer of hope so that she didn’t have to hear her daughter break down, wail and protest as she herself had with the first stark details of what had happened.
As they’d been delivered by a policeman who had already no doubt done the same with a succession of distraught mothers and relatives – the bomb, the collapsed building, yes, unfortunately it has mainly affected the side with the nursery ‘...We’re doing absolutely everything we can’ – she’d clung to disbelief. Daniel couldn’t be among them. He’d gone out to the corridor to the washroom, had left the nursery for some reason for a moment. He’d appear at any minute, unharmed.
But the long minutes then hours of waiting had bit by bit broken through her numbness, her disbelief. Only two found alive so far, they’d said. She’d been asked if she had a photo of Daniel, and fished one out of her wallet with trembling hands. Daniel at his third birthday party. A quick consultation with a female officer and a medic with a register behind. ‘No, your grandson’s not one of those found alive, I’m afraid.’ Tight smile of re-assurance. ‘But he’s not one of those found dead either, so there’s still hope. Check back with us here every hour or so, or if you wish you can wait in a seat over there. There’s some hot coffee and chocolate being served.’
She’d decided to go back to the cordon. She could see each time they found a fresh body. The raking through rubble would halt, others would look over to the point of discovery and then quickly group to start helping remove the remaining rubble. Medics would be called and beckoned over, and then the body would be loaded onto a stretcher and carried away. As it came closer to the ambulances, she could tell if the body was small or not.
Jack would have known what to do. Would have barked orders and taken control and had the Police Commissioner himself digging with his bare hands, if necessary. Her, she just felt washed along with the tide. Her only grandson buried under tons of rubble and probably dead, and she was just another powerless, concerned face among the crowd.
As the tears streamed down her cheeks, she pushed forward to regain her position at the front of the cordon. 

Silence. Tony Anderson found it unsettling.
Only four other people in the central control room, that was probably why. Normally the room was filled with activity and bustle. Now most of his team was four blocks away, picking through a half bombed-out building.
The control room, known as ‘the trench’, was thirty foot square and flanked on three sides by the small cubicle offices of nine of the agents working directly under him, and his own office: two cubicles wide and the only one with a window looking out onto the control room. Six researchers and clerks worked in the central control area, though the agents also often used the facilities: five spare desks, each with PCs and dumb terminals linked to the central mainframe on the ground floor. 
Beyond was the maze of the ‘puzzle palace’ – the in-house nickname for FBI headquarters on Pennsylvania Avenue. Its endless corridors and doors had reminded Anderson of the introduction to the 60s TV series, ‘Get Smart’. He’d got lost repeatedly his first month out of training from Quantico.
Most of the building was research and admin, but in departments handling ‘sensitive’ information, agents often visited directly or traveled to liaise with local field offices. Counter-Terrorism, CT, was one of those departments, and at any one time anything from twenty to forty percent of his agents would be out on assignment. Now with the bomb activity so close, almost every cubicle was empty.
‘Do you want me to try Josette’s number again?’
Anderson looked over at Betty Meineck, one of the control room clerks. She’d tried Josette’s cell-phone an hour before with no success. Josette would probably by now be deep into her meeting with Gaskin. 
‘No, it’s okay. Leave it till later.’ He was more anxious now to hear news from his team on 14th Street. On the last call twenty minutes ago, they’d still been waiting for the all-clear from the fire and safety team to get up to the ninth floor – now confirmed as the source of the explosion. 
The plane bombing six days ago had been bad enough, but this was different. This was on their own doorstep, less than half a mile away. If his office had been at the front of the building, he’d have probably heard the blast directly. 
They’d already gone on red alert. All the puzzle-palace tourist excursions that day had been cancelled, and probably would be for most of the next week. Until they got to the bottom of just how someone had planted an inside bomb.
When he spoke to Josette, no doubt he’d get the benefit of her intuitive insight. Two years back he’d hardly noticed her, and now she was one of his main confidantes. Her work on the Scribe had been outstanding. Often she was first to decipher his veiled poetic or literary messages in the personals: always the Washington Post or New York Times. But then would self-effacingly claim it was more her mother. ‘She’s an English literature tutor and her knowledge of poetry is far stronger than mine. We work it out together.’
Anderson smiled. Five people in his immediate department, another twenty or so in various CT and CI departments answering upstairs to Frank Weaver, dozens of researchers and clerks, countless hours of computer time – and Josette and her mother nearing pension age often came up with the answer first.
Anderson sensed that half of the Scribe’s pleasure came from throwing FBI departments used to stats and hard science into a netherworld of rhyme and romanticism. Complete anathema. Degrees in literature and knowledge of poetry were one of their last hiring criteria. But the Scribe would have laughed even louder if he knew how most of his clues were being solved.
Once when describing her to a friend – ‘Beyonce with a dash of Terri Hatcher. And she’s got this wild hair, flowing yet crinkly’ – the friend had commented: ‘Sounds like you’ve got a bit of a thing for her?’
‘Nah. She’s just a pleasant break in the landscape of stay-pressed shirts, sweat and beer pots around here.’ But he wasn’t sure he’d sounded convincing, even to himself.
When he’d heard about her separation, he’d sympathized and shared his experience from his own divorce four years ago. But as he sensed their relationship might verge into something else, he’d stepped sharply back. It would be a bad career move; one of them would end up having to be shifted to another department. Besides, he was almost ten years older and probably wasn’t her type anyway.
 Anderson looked across. Meineck was waving frantically. His pulse leapt. No doubt Jefford and the rest of the team had got clearance from fire and safety to go up to the ninth.
‘It’s Josette’s mother – Maria.’
Anderson was puzzled. She’d never before phoned to speak to him directly. Perhaps some update message on one of the deciphers from the Scribe. He reached for the phone.

Koenitz hit Washington National Airport at 5.14 pm, fifty-two minutes to boarding for his flight to Tampa. After checking in, he headed for the washroom to freshen up.
Predictably, his cell-phone had rung only minutes after the first news announcements. Steve Rowe: subdued, flat tone: ‘Obviously we’ve got to meet. Things didn’t go quite as we planned.’ Insecure phone line, Rowe was careful not to give anything away. They arranged a time and Rowe rang off.
Had he read an undertone of smugness in Rowe’s voice? Rowe, the ex-FBI man and planner, priming him for what was to come. Rowe would no doubt sit thoughtfully in the background while Cagill delivered his dressing down. 
How should he play it? Sit as the fall guy while Rowe tried to score brownie points with Cagill, or deflect: stick to his guns that the charge set had been right to take out only the ninth floor. The building must have had some structural problem, and since Rowe had provided the main building plans, that was more down to him.
Koenitz finished washing his hands and splashed some water on his face. His eyes in the mirror ahead looked startled, the pupils dilated. Anger more than guilt in his eyes, but still it could be read wrong. He should try and calm himself more before the meeting with Rowe and Cagill.

Josette wondered why she felt cold. An hour after sunset and the Gulf Coast temperature was probably still close to 16º or 17ºC, practically a heatwave after Washington. But still she felt cold. Perhaps the damp.
It was raining heavily when she took the taxi from New Orleans airport, subsiding to drizzle by the time she reached the stretch of bayou beyond Lafitte. The taxi driver would have had difficulty finding the deserted warehouse set up for the crash investigation – the closest large covered building – if the site hadn’t already become something of a local landmark. The crash had dominated national and local news the past days, and on the weekend past crowds of sightseers had descended to watch the NTSB and FBI trudge and trawl through the mud and shallow swampland for bodies and wreckage.
Most of the bodies had been retrieved within the first twenty-four hours. But the deeper swampland had been harder to trawl and search, and still the occasional body was found days later. Gaskin related the activities of the past few days as they paced the cavernous warehouse.
Dampness. Dampness and mist permeated everything looking from the taxi window: dripping from tree branches and catkin tendrils, damp mist rising from the swampland, moss like laden sponge carpeting tree trunks and rocks. And in the warehouse, long deserted, it showed in dark spore spots on the walls, some of them now a rich green mould. Where the roof had rotted through or suffered storm damage – at least five places that Josette could see – water dripped down onto the plane wreckage being identified and sorted twenty foot below. Josette felt the dampness permeating through to her very bones. She shivered.
‘A team of twenty or more has been working virtually around the clock,’ said Gaskin. ‘Eight or nine NTSB, four in my team, and an assortment of local police and state troopers – mostly those with some diving experience. It’s been hard going because almost half the wreckage was under water or buried in mud.’ Gaskin grimaced. ‘We’re still missing twenty percent of it, and I doubt at the end of the day we’ll find it all. Never do. There’s always a few bits we can’t find.’
One of the FBI’s leading explosives experts, Gaskin was invariably called in to work alongside the NTSB with any plane crash where a bomb was suspected. In his early fifties with thinning sandy-brown hair, he wore a light brown raincoat over traditional feebie black suit, dark tie, white shirt. Darker brown spots showed on the raincoat from the leaking roof.
Josette followed Gaskin’s gaze along the fragmented line of debris, the first stage of the skeletal re-construction of the aircraft. ‘How long before they finish?’
‘Four or five weeks. If there’s a lot of pieces missing, possibly longer. We’ll have to work round the gaps.’ Gaskin was lost in thought for a second. Six large floodlamps on makeshift gantries lit the area, and two diesel generators hummed each side. Most of the workers busy sorting had kept on raincoats or oilskins because of the steadily leaking roof. 
‘But this time we were lucky,’ Gaskin remarked. ‘We didn’t have to wait long into the re-construction to strike gold.’ Gaskin paced to the far side of the warehouse. Josette followed.
Gaskin pointed to a large curved metal sheet with an assortment of smaller pieces around. ‘This is what initially made us believe it was an accident. Outward bending and fragmentation on these pieces, inward on those immediately facing or adjoining. We thought we’d found the cause straightaway. Exploding fuel tank. Rare, but it can happen with an almost empty tank and a build up of vapors. There’ve been some problems with 747s and vapors in empty tanks igniting, but not so much with 737s. That’s why we kept looking.’
Gaskin went over to two similar pieces of metal and held them up. ‘And finally discovered this: burn marks and discoloration on the outside of this bit of tank.’ Gaskin joined the two pieces together, and the burn wisps knitted perfectly. ‘This proved that the burn marks occurred before the explosion, not after. So we knew that a fire outside set the tank off, but still we didn’t have its source.’ Gaskin paced over to a black plastic groundsheet with three lengths of metal pipe.
Josette could see Gaskin’s excitement mounting. This is what he lived for: the chase for clues and solutions. All Josette could think of, looking at the scattered wreckage, was the horror. The stark photos flashed again through her mind. The bodies had already been removed, but still some ghostly reminders were evident in the background: a handbag, an item of clothing, a child’s doll. Josette shuddered.
Her eye had picked out the background detail, in the same way that Gaskin looked beyond for his clues. Except each of them had seen something different. Josette focused on the small length of pipe Gaskin held up.
‘Quite ingenuous,’ Gaskin remarked. He ran a finger around the jagged edge of the pipe. ‘This is part of the fuel line between the engine and tank. This break indicates that it blew before the tank, so I sent the other end to match this for analysis. The results came back confirming what I suspected: small trace of nitro.’
‘So it was nitro that downed the plane?’
‘Not exactly. The nitro was just to break through the fuel line and ignite the fuel. The resultant fire than finally blew the tank. Whoever planted this didn’t expect it to be discovered. It was probably just a minute ampoule of nitro taped to the fuel pipe. An inch long at most.’
‘What about a timer or radio-link detonator?’
Gaskin smiled. ‘This is where our bomber got clever. Nitro-glycerine has a freezing point of thirteen-point-three centigrade. Below that it’s stable. So he pulls it down below that and tapes it in place in its frozen, crystallized form. The plane’s flying from St Paul, Minnesota. At this time of year, rarely above five centigrade. Flying at altitude, the temperatures are again low, the nitro stays frozen. But as it starts its descent into the Gulf Coast, it’s mid-afternoon and temperatures are close to twenty-one centigrade. It would have hit thirteen-point-three at about four or five thousand feet. The nitro becomes liquid, the molecules start rubbing together – and boom!’ Gaskin studied Josette’s reaction for a second, then: ‘Remind you of anyone?’
So this was meant to be the significance: why Anderson had been so secretive and insisted on her personally visiting the crash site. ‘You mean the Scribe?’
‘Can you think of anyone else who relies so strongly on natural elements to set off his devices?’
But the theory didn’t sit comfortably with her. ‘His only victim so far has been from a heart attack due to one of his explosions. And suddenly he decides to kill a hundred and forty. I don’t buy it.’
‘It was your department that analyzed his last newspaper clue, not me.’
Errors? There have been far greater errors of vermilion breathlessness, like shapeless smoke. Their shapes are torn across the paper sky. Hope no more than a blinding skyward light. But could it have signified an exploding plane? Only part was from the original verse: James Kirkup’s Ghosts, Fire, Water, inspired by the Hiroshima panels. The additions were the Scribe’s, the whole suddenly seamless, the Scribe for a day giving himself immortality alongside the grand masters of verse. Shared glory. 
Josette shook her head. ‘The skyward reference could have meant anything. And as far as I remember from your reports, the Scribe has never used nitro.’ 
‘No. But he’s used everything else: MEKP, mercury fulmonate and lead stiffinate. And I’m damn sure he’d have used nitro if it fitted the bill. Only it hasn’t – until now. The common thread is that he’s a master at combining common elements and unstable substance reactions. No timers, no radio or micro-switches. Just raw nature. The Unabomber kept railing against technology taking over, yet every bomb was set with a timer or micro-switch detonator. Sort of hypocritical, wouldn’t you say? Anti-technology bomber using technology to make his point.’ Gaskin smiled wryly. ‘In comparison, the Scribe’s a class act. No crude and clumsy parcel bombs for him, and not a wire or bit of mechanism in sight. Just the elements outside – and those within.’
Much of Josette’s crash course in explosives terminology had been courtesy of Gaskin’s reports the past months: Ingenious. The acetone evaporated between 48 and 96 hours, leaving the MEKP dry and unstable. The logo on the letter was a porous mastic mix – once it dried out, the mercury fulmonate beneath ignited. The scenarios were invariably the same: a letter impregnated with a solution that would become unstable within four days. Nearly all of them had ignited while filed away. Eight fires had been small with damage only to the immediate cabinet, four moderate and three extensive – the most serious gutting three entire floors of a Treasury office. Only one life lost so far. Until now.
Josette bit her lip. She found Gaskin’s perverse admiration hard to reconcile with the destruction around her. ‘If it wasn’t for the loss of life, I might buy it. But that part just doesn’t fit.’
Gaskin held one hand up. ‘You’re the guys who do the psychological profiles. I just thought with his last newspaper reference – and certainly if we’re looking at a profile purely from the explosives view – we have a match. The rest is up to you.’
But having resisted, Josette began to wonder: the people sifting through the wreckage, the water dripping from the roof, Gaskin shrugging, the stark photos of the crash – all of it seemed to press in on her, and suddenly her mind leapt beyond: to the flash in the sky, to a young boy she recalled from one of the Hiroshima panels looking up in stark surprise, his face reflecting the harsh reds and whites of the explosion... and then the bodies and debris falling. Drifting through the mist into the swamp-land below. Gaskin’s cell-phone ringing broke her thoughts. 
He answered it and spoke for a second, then held it out to her. ‘It’s your mother.’
It felt somehow surreal, part of her previous reverie, and why not to her own phone? Then she recalled that she’d switched it off for the flight; obviously she’d forgotten to put it back on.
As she reached for the phone, she felt uneasy. Probably nothing: just the chill damp of the warehouse and her own brief dark contemplation. But her initial gut reaction that something was wrong for her mother to call her like this overrode. Her hand was trembling even before she heard her mother’s first words.


Chapter 2

Vice-President Andrew Landry busily sorted the day’s e-mail. First his own, then he came onto the President’s: 46 items! Almost twice his own e-mails, and that was just the President’s direct, personal messages. The President’s secretary would probably have received twice as many again.
Landry started through the files. It was a system Landry had helped devise: e-mail number for general correspondence, separate e-mail for direct and personal messages or those with a high security classification. The direct e-mail number was held by no more than fifteen Senators and a handful of State Governors, and stature and importance both within the White House and beyond was often delineated by who received the direct number. Most first world heads of state had the number, third world invariably went to his secretary, unless it was a current political hot spot.
When the President was away, the messages would be re-routed to Landry, who would then sort accordingly: immediate attention by himself or other, appropriate Chiefs of Staff; to await President’s return or be re-routed to the President’s personal communicator; non-sensitive, to be passed to the President’s secretary – in which case Landry would immediately re-direct the e-mail and delete from his own PC. Invariably seventy percent would be passed on and deleted. Today was no different.
Most were condolence or support messages in the wake of the bombing. The President certainly chose his moments to be away, Landry brooded. The past two hours had been a deluge of calls: Secretary of State, National Security Advisers, Press and PR aides.
When the first calls had come through, Landry had brought the President’s schedule up on screen, scanning quickly down: London, Chequers, Oxford Union address... Bonn, Berlin... then Rome for the G7 conference. Six day tour. He could see that at that moment the President would be on Air Force One bound for Bonn. Landry had spoken to him briefly early that morning, and Weimann had been more excited about being able to sneak a drink with his old Oxford soulmate Terry Kenyon than meeting the Queen and the usual round of state receptions. 
Mark Tindall wasn’t available immediately, so Landry had set up a conference call with himself, Secretary of State William Mankiewicz, National Security Adviser Henry Calder, and the President on Air Force One. Twenty minutes of updates, opinions and delineation of duties, and the conclusion was drawn that the President would have to make an announcement. The sooner the better.
Weimann established that he would only take calls for the next half hour with updates. Then he was going to be busy with press aides and speech writers to knock something into shape. ‘That is, after the problem of commandeering a back room at the Bonn Parliament and getting it to look like the back parlor at the White House.’
All messages after that half hour to be e-mailed to the AF1 computer. When Weimann left AF1, it would route automatically through to his personal laptop. He would check it regularly for messages.
Landry looked up as his phone buzzed and flashed: line 3, his PA Jennifer. He picked up.
‘Mark Tindall on the line,’ she announced.
‘Okay, put him through. Then hold everything for the next forty minutes, unless it’s the President, Mankiewicz or Calder. I’ve got more files to sort through than I expected.’
The Attorney General came on the line. Soft drawl, somewhere between Albuquerque and Maine. ‘Terrible business this, terrible. You start to wonder just how far these hotheads will go.’
In a year of heated reference to right wing militias, never rednecks, Landry noted. Tindall had spent much of his life – at university and serving in office – outside of his native Texas, but perhaps that might bring it too close to home. 
As Tindall continued with his diatribe – ‘Only the ninth floor was the plan apparently... but it went wrong. Can’t do even that right. That’s the problem with having two right feet.’ – Landry half switched off. He’d heard little more for the past two hours. He continued opening and scanning the President’s e-mail as he ‘ummed and yeah’d’ at the right moments.
‘... At least there’ll be one compensation.’
Landry paused momentarily on the keyboard. Unfamiliar line and angle. ‘What’s that?’
‘Terrible that it should come from something like this – but it’s going to help us Thursday week in Congress.’
Trust Tindall to find a bright light from the disaster, thought Landry. The latest extension of the Cullen Bill on gun control, by far the toughest so far presented, would hit the House of Representatives floor for votes in two weeks, having spent the past months fighting through Hearings and Rules. Support had been rallied in every quarter possible, but Tindall still feared it might go marginally against them. Though Tindall was probably right: even the most ardent hard-liners would be softened by the sight of a stream of small bodies carried from the rubble. Grand strategy politics: what tears for eighty-four dead when the lives of thousands might be saved by the Bill at stake? But with the blood so freshly spilled, Landry couldn’t bring himself to share Tindall’s enthusiasm; especially since the bombing had probably been in retaliation to the proposed Bill extension. All he could muster was, ‘I suppose so.’
‘Yes, well.’ Tindall’s tone faltered, perhaps picking up on Landry’s apathy. ‘It would be nice if at least some purpose and good came out of all of this for those poor souls and their relatives, never mind the rest of us. Some rhyme and reason beyond the senseless loss of life.’
‘Certainly, it would be nice to think that.’ Only Tindall would be able to convert sacrificial lambs to martyrs to the cause in the same sentence. Tindall’s ability to make legal terminology almost lyrical was legion. Hopefully it would work similar magic with Congress next week. 
‘At least this first stage should hopefully see an easy passage.’
‘Yes.’ The main underlying concern: though the voting in the House of Representatives might be aided, the final Senate vote – in which a higher majority of three-fifths was required – would be months away. Would the incident have waned by then, political opinion’s hardened again? ‘Even before this incident, I’m sure we had enough support to ensure walking both floor votes. Sit back, Mark, stop worrying. The Bill’s sound, it’s passed through the committees with minimal modification, the support’s there.’ Landry continued opening, scrolling and sorting e-mails: Japanese Prime Minister, sympathy and support. Ohio State Governor, condolence. Both for the President’s Secretary. Washington Police Commissioner, latest on manpower deployment on the bombing, core investigative and search areas: re-direct to Bonn. 
‘The NRA are throwing everything they have at this. We know the more obvious areas of support they’ve rallied. But it could be just the tip of the iceberg.’
‘Sure, the ride will be rough, we knew that from the outset. But you’ve done your bit. From hereon in–’ Landry’s voice trailed off as the next item came up on screen. From Clifford Druille, FBI Director, announcing the uncovering of evidence that the Gulf Coast airlines crash was a bomb. ‘...We had planned initially to make an official press statement tomorrow morning. But we fear there may have already been a leak to the Press – possibly the NTSB staff on site –’
‘...We could see filibustering and amendment calls of all manner arising.’ With the silence from Landry’s end, Tindall prompted. ‘Are you okay, Andy?’
‘Yes, yes... fine.’ ‘–so announcements or speculation could come earlier. Signs have also been found of a possible link with the Scribe, which again might have been passed onto the press. In the circumstances, I thought you should be advised promptly.’ Landry felt sweat beading on his forehead. If the item had leaked, it could be on the evening news. And then the President would come on immediately afterwards, uplinked from Bonn, and would talk at length about the scourge of terrorism at home and abroad, and the shock, horror and atrociousness felt by every true American at that afternoon’s bombing. The 147 dead only six days ago wouldn’t get a mention. It would be a PR disaster. Open season for the press and opinion polls for months ahead. ‘Look – Mark. I’ve got to go. Something urgent’s come up. I’ve got an incoming from the President in Bonn on the other line... catch you later.’
Landry checked his watch as he hung up: 5.23 pm. 11.23 pm in Bonn. AF1 would have landed over an hour and a half ago. If Weimann hadn’t already started the announcement, he would at that moment probably be busy with cameramen, make-up and final props. Even if he caught him, would there be time for speech writers and PR aids to work it in? Landry bit at his lip as he made the e-mail transfer.

Queen’s College, Oxford 
‘So what is the latest extension to the Cullen Bill?’
‘Calling for a statutory five year sentence for felons apprehended carrying firearms.’
‘And what were the previous extensions?’
‘Banning felons from carrying firearms, then getting it upgraded from a misdemeanor to a felony.’
‘What else?’
‘Banning of assault weapons such as fully automatics, and outlawing of cop-killer bullets: bullets which can pierce body armor and bullet-proof jackets.’
Bernard Tanner watched the debate swirl around him, with answers winging from various parts of the room. Most of the ground had already been covered by their lecturer, Terence Kenyon, during past PPE tutorials. This was now one of Kenyon’s famous animated seminars. If the group had grasped the subject well, Kenyon felt that they should not only know its every nuance and angle, but have started to form their own opinions – be able to argue vehemently from that angle if need be.
Seminars were Kenyon’s preferred arena to allow the right level of inter-active debate: tutorials were too personal, lectures too remote. On average, Kenyon held eight or nine seminars a month.
‘And which lobby group will present the strongest opposition to this latest extension?’
‘The National Rifle Association.’
Kenyon had previously brought home to them the sheer ludicrousness of the NRA’s lobbying power, with a higher PAC* spend than the National Education Association or the Association of American Trial Lawyers. ‘...If you are left with any doubt as to the importance of the gun in American society, then just remind yourselves that the NRA lobby spends more than the main lobby representation of the entire education or legal establishments. Certainly in lobby terms at least, guns are more important than education or law!’
‘Who else will throw up opposition?’ Kenyon asked.
‘Gun Owners of America. The Committee of Seventy-Seventy-Six. Citizens Committee for the Right to Bear Arms... various right-wing militia groups.’
‘And the list goes on.’ Kenyon waved one arm dramatically. ‘American Firearms Association - an offshoot hardline faction of the NRA. Citizens Against Legal Loopholes... Preservation of Firearms Ownership. All of them more reactionary and right wing than the NRA, but thankfully with far less lobby funding or muscle. Their opposition is mainly visible through blogs and messages on the Web and demonstrations.’
Kenyon was in full flow. Wild and wavy red-blonde hair and beard, now heavily tinged with grey. Of all Bernard’s PPE studies, International Politics with Kenyon was his favorite. American domestic or international politics were every three lessons: Constitutional Law, Congress, Supreme Court and current reform debates: health care, inner city rejuvenation, welfare, abortion, now gun-control. 
Kenyon paced more deliberately as the debate started to gain momentum. ‘Okay – who’ll be spokesman for the more liberal American viewpoint?’ A few hands went up, but Kenyon ignored them, fixing on Bernard. ‘Tanner – you look like a liberal American to me. And representing America’s good ol’ apple pie right wing... Howell, you look like you’d make a good mad dog militia member.’
Chuckles from most of the room. Jeremy Howell couldn’t have been further from that image. Howell was slim, asthmatic, studious, wore wire frame glasses and spent most of his time on his dorm computer. But Bernard could quickly see why Kenyon had made that choice: despite his mild manner Howell could be outspoken, was invariably one of the most outraged by abuses of civil liberties and, because he spent an inordinate time on the Internet, had more exposure to America’s right-wing hate bombardment: church fires, pipe bombs, UN conspiracies, advise on how to kill ATF investigators... ‘only head shots, to avoid their bullet-proof jackets.’ Jeremy Howell had become one of Bernard’s closest friends during his two years at Oxford. 
The American view? Bernard was one of only two Americans in the room of fourteen, but still he felt uneasy when lecturers honed in on him. He’d spent only four years in America before Oxford, the rest of his life spent embassy hopping with his family.
‘Let’s start with the liberal viewpoint in support of the motion,’ Kenyon said.
Bernard got to his feet so that his voice would carry. ‘This extension was long overdue. Before we had a weak-kneed situation whereby felons had been outlawed from applying for or carrying firearms – but few teeth to back up that threat.’ He levered on his hands rested on the desk top as he surveyed the class. ‘What was one more crime to a felon already with a string of convictions. Only those on parole would have felt its affect. And at the outset, when it was just a misdemeanor, it was hardly better than a parking ticket. Every criminal sector escaped unscathed. But even this now, I fear, is only a halfway house to what we should see – a total ban on handguns across America.’
(*Political Action Committees).
Howell rose to the bait, was quickly on his feet. ‘Ridiculous! My colleague shows a complete lack of knowledge or respect for the history of American civil liberties. Something which many Presidents – and this one in particular – have ignored to their cost.’ Howell cited other classic civil liberties infringements, counting them off on his fingers: internment of Japanese Americans after Pearl Harbor, McCarthyism, black segregation in the sixties. ‘And if we go further back – trying to stop the negroes from voting. It’s a never ending catalogue of disasters.’
The last raised muted boos and mumbling from the class. Right wing militias were historically anti-Communist and anti-black, but had taken recently to muddying civil liberties issues in an attempt to clean their image and gain ethnic support. A JFPO – Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership – had even recently been launched on the net. Howell suppressed a smile. He was having fun; highlighting the ridiculousness of America’s right wing by throwing up their more extreme arguments.
‘Isn’t a fundamental civil liberties issue life itself,’ Bernard countered. ‘How can my colleague even dare utter the term when we have scores of young men, women and children gunned down every day. Almost twelve thousand killed each year in America due to handguns. And in Great Britain as in the rest of Europe – that handgun death toll is no more than twenty-five annually.’ The statistics were courtesy of Kenyon’s past lessons: 22 last year in the UK, 68 in Canada, 87 in Japan, and a staggering 11,719 in the U.S. Kenyon had catapulted from recent fiery gun control debates in the UK and New Zealand into direct comparisons with the USA. A catalogue of mass murders, drive-by shootings, gang shoot-outs and neighborhood arguments ended with Saturday night specials – unparalleled anywhere in the Western world. America was under siege. 
Yet as Kenyon soberly pointed out – the gun was so strongly embroidered in American society and history, underwritten in the Constitution, the trusty companion of every true-blooded pioneer who’d fought back the early frontier barriers, and endorsed by every American hero from Davy Crockett to John Wayne. ‘...That even if America could shake itself loose of its Constitutional legal shackles, those representative images would still remain. For many Americans, you might just as well try and take away their cars. Progress will be slow and difficult.’ 
Bernard took part of those stats to nail his point home: ‘If my colleague would really have us believe that this abnormally high homicide rate has little or nothing to do with the proliferation of guns in America – then what are we left with: that Americans have far poorer social conditions or are naturally more violent and unbalanced than their European counterparts? Ridiculous! They can’t have it both ways – it just doesn’t wash. I know my colleague would strongly argue the first – but the second’s more difficult when you’re such a prime example.’ Bernard waved one hand theatrically towards Howell. ‘No doubt violent if provoked and certainly unbalanced.’
Mild cheering from the back. Howell smiled wryly as Kenyon held one hand up. ‘Let’s try and keep it within the confines of normal political debate. Valid point – but perhaps stronger without the closing personal barb.’
Howell threw back more statistics, pointing out that States introducing tough handgun restrictions had in large taken them out of the hands of law-abiding citizens. ‘The criminals have kept their guns and have had freer range to run havoc, knowing that levels of protection have diminished. A recent University of Chicago study shows that without these recent restrictions, since 1993 as many as eighteen hundred murders and three thousand rapes would have been avoided.’
‘Then how do you explain that States with the highest rates of violence also have the laxest gun control laws,’ Bernard countered. ‘In Texas or Louisiana we have the ridiculous situation where gun deaths now exceed automobile fatalities, yet in places like Vermont with low guns per capita, we find low murder rates to suit. And then take Vancouver and Seattle, two cities similar both culturally and geographically – with one big exception: the stricter Canadian attitude to handguns. Which might explain why the gun murder rate is ten times higher in Seattle.’
As they hurled statistics at each other, Kenyon paced and gesticulated like an excitable referee. ‘Good, good. This is exactly the sort of thing brought into play by both sides.’
Bernard brought up the 100,000 convicted felons prevented from having handguns by the Cullen Bill; Howell countered with the fact that gun ownership was leveling out naturally, ‘Without government interference.’ Trying to bring things back to a civil liberties infringement issue. 
Bernard pointed out that some people needed their civil liberties protected by others, ‘Particularly children’, and raised the effectiveness of gun-free zones around schools. 
Howell argued that yet again this was another strong civil liberties inequality. ‘Many people within that half mile radius have little or nothing to do with school activities. Their rights are being infringed.’
It became a game of tennis, and Kenyon was loving every minute. This is what he lived for: not just pumping students with information, as many a lecturer would settle for, but firing them up with enthusiasm and setting debates in motion which would hopefully emulate the floor motions and wrangling in Congress or Parliament. What better preparation for a future in real-life politics? 
Although he knew that less than eight percent of his class would ever make that transition – a gulf poignantly underlined for Kenyon each time he saw his old classmate, Lawrence Weimann, on newscasts. They’d both studied under Professor Aitchison, one of the leading international politics lecturers of that time, when Weimann was on a post-graduate Phd course from Harvard. Kenyon had gone on to emulate Aitchison, Weimann had joined the real world. 
Kenyon was the only one Weimann had maintained contact with from his Oxford days and, watching Kenyon’s enthusiasm now with the debate, Bernard couldn’t help wondering if he was more fired up than normal after Weimann’s recent visit. Word on campus was that after the Oxford Union address and dinner, Weimann and Kenyon had sneaked off with half a dozen secret service agents and commandeered their old local pub, ‘The Crown’, for an after-hours drink. 
Bernard’s and Howell’s arguments started finally to lose steam, and Kenyon interceded. ‘Okay. What are the main points demonstrated by this debate?’
Comments started winging in; Kenyon honed in on one. ‘Yes, the desperation of the far right. That’s why they’ve now gone to the Supreme Court to try and dilute the sweeping federal powers of the Cullen Bill. But remember: Supreme Court. This is the end of the line for them on everything already passed through Congress. They can’t go anywhere else. And if they lose – which I think they will – the same path with future Cullen Bill extensions is going to be definitely muddied.’ 
Kenyon fenced a few further minor points before someone raised what he was looking for. He clenched his fist for emphasis, pulling the point from the air. 
‘Exactly! What should have come out strongest from the arguments is not just the strong gulf between the liberals and the right – but how both look at the very same facts and interpret them differently. And thus the strong underlying message: this is a debate on which there will be no meeting ground!’ Kenyon started pacing. ‘But far more worrying is while you might think it easy to discount the more extreme, right-wing views – confident that in the end the liberal viewpoint will hold sway because its a stronger representation of mainstream America – think again.’
Kenyon stopped and looked long and hard at the class. ‘In states such as Texas, Wyoming, Montana, Arizona, Louisiana – the gun is as much a part of everyday life as the pick-up truck. So while we might wish the President and his office all the best next week with Congress – don’t forget that the battle will be long and hard, with progress measured in inches rather than miles. And even if successful, next week’s extension might be the last seen for some while: perhaps the furthest that this administration feels it can go in curbing guns in America. I’ll be taking this same class in three years time with a fresh set of faces and political hopefuls, and probably still talking about eleven or twelve thousand gun deaths that year in America.’ Kenyon smiled tightly. ‘Nothing too much will change.’

The shapes glowed pinky red with pale green tinges among the grey background on the small screen: three in that one area. The operator shifted across. And another one there! He called out excitedly. ‘Mike, I think I’ve found something.’
Wratten left off from his own scanning and came across. Of the two Fire department heat sensor operators, Mike Wratten had the stronger experience. 
Wratten studied the single shape, then went back to the others. ‘I don’t know, that one on the left certainly looks too large to be a body, and that one too small. The other two, maybe.’
With the calling out and activity, McLoughlin was attracted. He looked over Wratten’s shoulder at the scanner. ‘So two maybes. And the others – what do you think they are?’
‘At the center of the explosion, chunks of rubble and metal cabinets and desks would have become superheated. Then they’re buried amongst a pile of rubble and plaster, packed in tight. The heat’s retained.’ Wratten moved his hands as if smoothing the top of a bowling ball. ‘Pretty much the same principle as an Hawaiian mud-bake.’
McLoughlin nodded and grimaced. Graphic description, but with them sifting bodies from rubble in near zero temperatures, probably the last image they wanted was Wratten’s luau bake out from his last summer holiday. ‘So, what would you recommend?’
‘More concentrated digging towards the two shapes that could be bodies. But monitor them closely throughout. If the pink areas reduce in size, then they’re also simply chunks of superheated rubble or metal. We’re looking for pinky-red epicenters which remain constant to be sure that they’re bodies.’
‘How far down are they?’
‘Six foot, maybe seven.’
McLoughlin stared hard at the two pink glows on screen. In the past hour, they’d dragged out nothing but bodies, and a girl of four so badly injured that he heard she’d died on the way to the hospital. McLoughlin’s spirits had sunk deeper with each black bag zipped. Two pink glows. Two glimmers of hope in a night of desolation. He wondered.
‘Of course, there is something else that would indicate they’re bodies,’ Wratten said. ‘If they move. Rubble and Hawaiian mud bakes don’t move.’


Chapter 3

‘Andy. Thanks for the message. You’ve saved the day. I’ve got a couple of speech writers working on it right now.’ President Weimann nodded somberly as Landry at the other end of the line in Washington ran through some of the condolence messages which had come in.
‘What time’s the broadcast?’ Landry enquired.
‘We’re aiming to run everything in thirty, forty minutes. Hopefully we’ll get it in one take. But if not there’s twenty minutes or so spare for re-takes and edit. As long as we hit the evening news at home.’ President Weimann sat in a large ante-room to the office where the broadcast would be made. Around him spun the activity of camera crew, technicians, make-up, his speech writers and aids. He sat to one side of the room, cut off from the activity, a resolute and lonely figure. If nothing else in his five years in office, he’d learned that when disaster struck, the advice came thick and fast – but in the end the decision was his. When the cacophony of voices built, he never felt more alone. 
He’d finished make-up ten minutes ago, the pale earthy tones contrasting with his stone grey hair. The past years of office had taken him from salt and pepper to almost totally grey, though he was sure that the news of the past hours had added a few grey hairs, an extra worry line. He’d felt the same after 911, had got used to dealing with terror and atrocities regularly in the international arena. But now, like Oklahoma, knowing that it was also a threat from within – that factions of his own people were so strongly divided that they’d take hundreds of lives to make their point – left a sourer taste in his mouth. And with this latest news now from Landry, possibly twice in only days. What in God’s name was happening out there?
‘I had Mark Tindall also on earlier,’ commented Landry. ‘Saying how at least this should help us with Congress next week.’
Weimann snorted. ‘Sad reflection that it takes something like this to shake people up – but he’s right. Even the old hardliners are going to be afraid to go up against such tough public opinion. The main thing all of this has shown us is that we’re not going nearly far enough with this latest extension.’ The thought had sparked shortly after his meeting with Kenyon. He might as well share it with Landry now than let him be hit with a fait accompli after the broadcast. ‘I think we’ve been handed the opportunity to make a stand now that might not arise in quite the same way again.’
‘In what way?’
‘Well – some of this stems from my recent visit with Kenyon.’ He explained how Kenyon had reminded him about one of their first trips to London from Oxford as students: how alert, agitated he himself had been as they walked through Hyde Park, often looking over his shoulder. When Kenyon had asked why, he’d defended that he’d got used to it from trips to Chicago and New York. Just normal vigilance while in a big city. ‘Kenyon reminded me that London was a totally different ball-game, with a murder rate of only ten to twenty percent of most American cities. But you know, it took me more than a year to relax in England, to realize that guns and violence play such a small part of everyday life that it hardly matters. And in my final days at Oxford, I felt safe. Really safe. Of course, I’m the President now, so I don’t feel safe anywhere.’ Weimann chuckled briefly. ‘But over a beer the other night, Kenyon reminded me of those days and commented: wouldn’t it be nice if I could make America that safe? Few people would forget my term of office. I countered with what had been done with the Cullen Bill, which he applauded – but felt didn’t go nearly far enough. And finally he got to the point of the Constitution and right-wing militias. The ludicrous situation that the right to bear arms they quote at every opportunity is drawn from an amendment drafted originally to help preserve national security. The very same security now being threatened in their bid to keep their precious weapons.’
‘What would you propose to do?’ Landry couldn’t see how this ideological debate with Kenyon, however cleverly it had spotlighted this anomaly, would play a part in a Presidential announcement.
‘I think we’ve got to make a stand now, while public opinion is fired up against them. Make right wing militias aware that by their very actions they could lose their arms. In the same way that the second amendment states the right to bear arms is “necessary to the security of a free state” – those threatening national security may lose that right. The exact wording hasn’t been worked out yet, the speech writers are still busy with it – but right wing militias could find themselves suddenly categorized as no better than felons on future extensions of the Cullen Bill.’
Speech-writers playing with words of the Constitution? Landry felt a twinge of apprehension. ‘Wouldn’t it be best to spin it by Mark Tindall first? Put it to the acid test from a legal standpoint.’
‘You and I both know Mark. He’d mull over it for days, and even then wouldn’t give a firm indication either way. Would leave the final decision to someone else – probably me. And we don’t have the time. We need to make our mark now while the whole thing is hot in the minds and consciousness of America. But it won’t be an absolute. There’ll be plenty of time for Mark to tweak wording before this gets anywhere near Congress. We’re just laying a pipe for now, a hint of what’s to come as a warning shot across the bows for militias.’
Landry still felt uncertain. Concern for some constitutional blunder made in haste, or fear: over two hundred dead the past week. What would they do if heavily challenged – kill more? But no administration ever admitted to fear of terrorism, and so for Landry in that moment it translated into fear of the unknown. ‘I’m just concerned that such an action might be hasty. We don’t yet fully know who or what we’re dealing with with these bombings; a few more days might help establish that. And give Mark Tindall and others time to iron out any potentially problematical wording. As usual, not just a question of who’ll you’ll please – but who you might upset.’
Landry’s caution. The main difference in their political styles, Weimann reflected. His own background had been purely political: Harvard and Oxford political degree and doctorate, then various positions within the Ohio State legislature, mostly chairing divisional committees, before becoming Ohio State Governor. Then finally head of the Democratic party’s DLC before running for President. Landry, a year younger at fifty-four, had been in the Navy after Yale and a short spell with a computer company. Later he’d joined Naval Intelligence and was heavily involved in code breaking and cy-ops. His political career didn’t start until he gained a seat in the House of Representatives and served almost two terms before returning to a security role as Executive Secretary of the National Security Council. 
Weimann felt that his own grasp of how to please a broad electorate was therefore stronger, whereas Landry’s security background invariably shone through with how fringe groups react: lobbying, demonstrations, media manipulation; or now, with recent events, something more extreme. They usually proved a good foil for each other, but at this moment Weimann was convinced the broader view had to hold sway.
‘I think most stateside broadcasts tonight will already be making some pretty strong assumptions,’ Weimann said. ‘ATF offices and rumors about the Scribe. Speculation will be rife. If I get on national TV straight after without even a mention of right-wing militias, I’m going to look pretty foolish. But point taken: the words will be carefully chosen, we’ll put the escape routes in the speech first in case we have to backtrack later.’ To one side, Weimann could see one of the speech-writers looking over and lifting a hand. ‘Got to go now, Andy. Looks like it’s showtime.’

Terence Kenyon poured himself a half tumblerful of scotch from his study drinks cabinet and made his way down to the ‘information’ room. Converted ten years ago from a study room adjoining the library, students used it regularly for research from journals on disk, microfiche or the Internet.
But it was the satellite and cable linked TV in the corner which drew Kenyon’s attention. He switched on, settled back into a chair, swirled his scotch and flicked the channel selector to CNN.
Weimann had phoned him from Germany just over an hour before. ‘... Enjoyed our talk the other night. You might recognize part of it if you tune in to CNN tonight. The first broadcast is set for 9pm eastern seaboard time, so 2 am in England.’
It had been nice to see Weimann again and catch up. Their last meeting had been four years ago, a half-hour grabbed in the Red room when Kenyon had taken an afternoon off from a Washington promotional tour for his book, THE GREAT DIVIDE - ‘Changing Presidential/Congressional power in the post Watergate era.’ Weimann had just finished his first frustrating and largely ineffectual year in office, and fittingly the book focused on how three decades of Presidents had been increasingly thwarted by Congress. 
The broadcast came on. Short introduction from the CNN studio, then it shifted to the President. American flag in the background one side, Emanuel Gotlieb Leutze’s Westward the course of Empire taking its way (Westward Ho!), the other. Early pioneering spirit.
The opening of the speech was predictable: atrociousness of the bombing, a dark and sad day for the nation. ‘.... The hearts and souls of every American I’m sure is with those who have lost loved ones in the bombing...’
Then only ten months after that Washington meeting with Weimann, his wife of eighteen years left him – taking custody of their only daughter, twelve at the time – and he was thrown into the largest crisis of confidence of his life. She blamed his work, his books, the drink, the after lecture debates which invariably too ended up in the pub and so became an extension of all three; his family had been put last. And she was probably right, though it took him most of the year after to admit it. At the depths of his depression, he started to see himself as a sad Mr Chips figure, condemned to bachelorhood forever, his devotion to his work and his student’s admiration the only remaining twilight years beacons.
‘ ...And then earlier today there was strong speculation that the recent Gulf Coast plane crash was also caused by a bomb.’
Kenyon sat forward. Something new, not mentioned in last night’s conversation – but was that why Weimann had asked him to watch?
Finally, fifteen months after the break up, he’d snapped himself out of his gloom and brightened his image with some new clothes and a sports car, a Jaguar XK8. Suddenly he discovered that some of the young students found him attractive. Eighteen months and three relationships later, despite the rejuvenation and boost to his confidence, he didn’t feel either fulfilled or that he was being honest – to himself or his fleeting partners. Then he met Barbara, a classics lecturer at Oriel, at thirty-four still far younger, but at least not young enough to be his daughter. Soul mates both intellectually and in their general views of life, gone was the uneasy feeling that his predominant appeal was as a guiding mentor, a father figure. 
Kenyon swirled the scotch, took a quick slug. Weimann was hitting his stride.
‘... Upon my return, I will be meeting with security advisors. And if it transpires that this wave of bombings is once again the responsibility of home bred militias, then I will be personally calling for the strongest possible resolutions against them. In particular it comes to my attention that these groups continually cite our nation’s Constitutional Second Amendment that, and I quote ...“a well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.” 
‘This was an amendment drafted by this nation’s founders to preserve and protect the security of the State – not see it threatened from within by the sort of atrocities we’ve seen this week past. And I intend to see to it that this amendment is adhered to as our founding forefathers intended: that those protecting the security of this nation shall preserve the right to bear arms, but equally those attacking our nation’s security shall forfeit that right. Any group which supports or incites violence among its members against the State, its recognized agencies, the ATF, FBI or any arm of the police or military, or indeed against the public at large – we will seek to ban from carrying firearms in future extensions of the Cullen Bill. If by the actions of this week it has been the aim of militia groups to try and preserve their right to bear arms – then perhaps it’s suitably ironic that it will end up having exactly the opposite affect.’
Kenyon noted Weimann’s expression as the broadcast closed: hidden, enigmatic smile, perfect blend of irony and gravity. He took another slug of scotch and raised his glass in salutation to the screen: You did it at last. You made a stand! 
Aside from Barbara, what had helped shake away his past crisis of confidence had been all the bright hopefuls tutored through the years who might one day aspire to political greatness, practice what he’d preached. In one way at least, he had a foot in the real world. 
But this was different league: the seed of an idea planted one day, regurgitated on national TV the next! The normal cause and effect which would take years through his students suddenly condensed to twenty-four hours. For the first time he got a jolt of what it was like to actually have a finger on the pulse of the world outside: from a small back study room in Oxford, in his own small way he’d actually reached out and influenced a key event! Though perversely it also made him brood: is that what had been missing all these years?

As the President’s broadcast finished on Josette’s seat-back screen, she closed her eyes briefly. Strong words. Strong stuff. Just a shame it hadn’t come earlier, before...
Josette bit her lip. The tears were close again. But she didn’t want to cry now on a busy plane, surrounded by people she didn’t know. 
She’d held back her tears when parting hurriedly from Gaskin. But then they’d hit after only minutes in the back of the taxi to the airport. Tears running unashamedly down her cheeks almost in time with the rain trickling down the side window, the grey mist outside matching her mood. She knew now how the relatives of the airline crash must have felt – before shaking the thought quickly away. No. Daniel would be found alive.
And in clinging to that hope, guilt had become the strongest emotion. Guilt that she hadn’t been there – her mother had been the first to face the horror, hear the news. Josette had tried Sammy’s number in Africa from the airport, but it went into message. She didn’t leave one, didn’t have the first clue how to break the news: our son’s buried under tons of rubble. I’m heading there right now. 
And if she couldn’t raise Sammy soon, she’d end up having to phone his parents. Leonard and Mitsy Horvath from Wellsboro, Pennsylvania. Now both in their seventies. Salt of the earth. And that would be as bad, if not worse. They doted on Daniel. 
Josette noticed a young boy about Daniel’s age two seats ahead across the aisle with his parents. And as the boy sensed her eyes on him and turned, she got a sudden image of Daniel emerging from the rubble and reaching out for her – only she wasn’t there. She looked away as the tears stung her eyes. Even when she got an image of hope to cling to, her own guilt was center-stage. She should have been there.


Chapter 4

Edwin Lee Cagill looked out into the night through glass sliding windows: a floodlit swimming pool and adjoining Jacuzzi, a formal dining area in white rattan under a green and white striped open marquee, soft green lights picking out plants and shrubs at intervals for two hundred yards beyond. Then a short stretch of darkness: mangroves leading down to the small beach and jetty, a half moon picking out faint dapples on the Gulf waters.
Four hundred miles north-west at the Gulf’s mouth were the oil refineries and oil and gas turbine engineering plants which had built his wealth. But all of that had long since stopped driving his ambitions, and was even further from his mind now. The activities of the past months had at last brought some focus to his broader political ambitions; and now sharper focus with the President’s speech an hour ago. Everything hinged on what was decided now.
Behind him, Blake Koenitz’s voice droned, trying to delay or throw back more questions rather than take responsibility. ‘Too early to tell, could have been anything: positioning of the computer, weak building structure perhaps not picked up. Certainly the charge set was right.’ 
Steve Rowe had said little throughout, as they’d planned before Koenitz’s arrival. Cagill could see both of their reflections through the glass. He’d purposely moved to the window. Koenitz’s already strained voice had to stretch further, and Koenitz couldn’t see Cagill’s expression.
‘So to summarize,’ Cagill said, his back kept turned. ‘The charge set was correct. The fault must lay somewhere else. You accept no responsibility.’
‘Not exactly.’ Koenitz shuffled uncomfortably in his seat. He glanced briefly at Rowe. ‘I had as much a part to play in this as anyone else. It’s just that whatever might come out later, I wanted it clear here and now that it wasn’t due to any misjudgment with the explosives.’ 
‘What do you think will happen now?’ Cagill asked flatly. ‘What will the repercussions be?’
‘Not good. There’ll be a lot of outrage and finger pointing, same as Oklahoma.’
‘Anything else?’ In the long pause that followed, Cagill realized, as they’d suspected, that Koenitz hadn’t seen the President’s announcement; he’d been either in flight or boarding at the time.
Koenitz’s eyes searched the floor. Surely that was enough? The fall out from Oklahoma had been drastic, its shock-waves only receding with the advent of 911. Koenitz honed in on the main difference to Oklahoma. ‘Except this time they won’t know where to point the finger. There’ll be no trace back to us or other groups. Everything with Nyman went cleanly.’
‘Don’t you think the fact the bomb was in an ATF office will give a clear message who was responsible?’
‘Not necessarily. With Oklahoma, their first thought was foreign terrorism. It wasn’t until they arrested McVeigh and Nichols that they pinned blame.’
Cagill took a long breath, still thoughtfully surveying the floodlit gardens and the bay beyond. ‘That will help, will it? The fact that they won’t know exactly who to blame. That will compensate for the enormity of the screw up.’
Koenitz rubbed his forehead. It wasn’t going how he’d planned. ‘It will create some confusion, at least. The same as the plane bombing. They won’t be sure who to blame.’
Cagill smiled thinly. Koenitz was scrambling: first Nyman, now the plane bombing; trying frantically to divert with his few minor successes. He turned slowly from the window. 
‘So, the President and administration are going to be angry. But it won’t be so bad because they won’t have anywhere in particular to direct that anger. Is that more or less how you read it?’
‘Yes, I suppose so,’ Koenitz said hesitantly. But at least Cagill’s tone seemed to be winding down. The worst was probably over. 
Cagill contemplated Koenitz directly for a long, silent moment. He nodded imperceptibly to Rowe.
Koenitz watched numbly as Rowe got up and slotted in a video cassette, pressed play. And as the tape rolled with the speech from the President, Koenitz felt a hollow sinking in his stomach as he realized that there was worse to come. Much worse.

Darkness. Dust and darkness.
Daniel could remember another moment earlier when he’d been awake, sudden panic as he realized he was entombed, clawing desperately at the solid dark walls around. Beyond the dust, rock and concrete. Impenetrable. His hands were still raw and grazed. He wondered how long ago that had been. Colder now. Far colder. He shivered.
He could feel the dust catch in his throat as he breathed, a film of it now on his lips. He wiped at it with the back of one hand. The other arm was pinned beneath him, difficult to move, and both his legs were trapped. He’d never known anything so dark. So dark it made no difference if his eyes were open or closed. And silent. The only sound his own breathing in the confined space. 
He whispered ‘Steven’ into the darkness, but still there was no answer. He reached out and touched Steven’s body. He shook Steven again, but still there was no response or movement, and something else now... coldness. Unlike before, no warmth coming through as his hand pressed against Steven’s small chest.
He’d found a cat in the garden the year before, cold to the touch, his mother scolding him when he told her he was trying to get it to wake up. He knew what Steven’s coldness meant. His tears welled, gasps for breath catching harder in his throat with the dust thick air. Tears for Steven, but also of fear. A more clawing fear than before. Now he was alone.
He thought of his mother and grandmother, trying to picture them clearly so that it felt as if they were with him now; then his father – which reminded him of Gerry – the last image before the darkness. He traced one hand across Steven’s chest, along his arm, until he came to the toy giraffe still in Steven’s hand. He went to take it, but Steven’s hand was gripped tight. He left it there. 
He stayed still and silent for a moment, breathless as he listened for sounds outside. Something faint and distant, but too muffled to discern. And a slight trembling in the ground at intervals.‘Help... help! Help me! he screamed as loud as he could, his lungs aching from the effort then subsiding into racking coughing as they drew in the dust filled air.
Darkness swam again at the back of his eyes, the sensation that his body was spinning down... falling again from the tree branch, the warm summer air bursting into his nostrils with the shock, the sky and leafy branches spinning above. Then the solid thud on his back and head, the air leaving his body in a rush...
He shivered, jolted quickly wide awake again. Silently expectant, the sound of his own breathing suddenly comforting. Fearing in that second that if he slipped again into the darkness, he might never awaken. Like Steven. 
The sounds outside hadn’t changed: distant, muffled drones, a faint vibration at intervals. No indication that they’d heard him. 
He remembered once hiding in his mother’s wardrobe, tucked behind her dresses and clothes. And the warm feeling it brought of being cocooned in his own private hideaway, the smooth satin and cotton against his skin, the smell of his mother’s perfume still lingering on the cloth. He clung to that memory now, tried to imagine that he was back in her wardrobe, safe and warm. Pushed away the cold desolation surrounding him.

The excavator shunted back and forth, shifting the rubble thrown clear from the mound by the team of searchers. 
Mike Wratten was scanning for fresh heat sources when he thought he saw some movement. He stopped and panned quickly back, honing in closer on the pink glow. Nothing now, not even a flicker of movement. Perhaps he was seeing things; the same pink glow he’d seen on and off for the last two hours, but now much smaller. Obviously an area of super-heated rubble, fast cooling over the last few hours.
He studied it a moment longer. But with still no sign of movement, he moved on.

Koenitz was sweating, his eyes closing momentarily as the President came to the main part of his speech about the Constitution. Probably saying a silent prayer or wishing that the ground would swallow him up, thought Rowe.
But it wasn’t just his own perverse pleasure at seeing Koenitz’s swaggering about how professionally he’d planned everything brought down to earth, or Cagill’s need to vent his anger. They both knew they would have to strongly subjugate Koenitz to get his ready compliance on what the situation now called for. 
They were an unlikely combination, Rowe contemplated. The odd trio.
At last count, Cagill was listed as the 73rd richest man in America. Starting out with oil pump manufacturing, a Texas company founded by his father, Cagill had spread the company’s wings to encompass oil and gas turbine manufacturing and a chain of refineries across Texas, Louisiana, Southern Mississippi and Northern Florida.
To the press, Cagill gave the impression of being all-caring, claiming that nature and conservation were close to his heart, one of the reasons why he’d chosen his home in an area renowned for its natural breeding and nesting grounds for flamingos and sea turtles. He regularly gave to Gulf water conservation funds. When attacked over oil spillage and pollution issues, Cagill was keen to point out that his refineries had one of the best clean and safety records in the industry. Cagill was as pristine as his sandy-white hair and trademark white evening jackets worn at Washington receptions. 
But it was in other areas where Cagill started to appear not so pristine that had brought Rowe to his door. Over the years Cagill had invested in a number of companies, but two – a Virginia gun manufacturer and a Texas gun club and firing range – were owned by known right-wing militia members. Cagill was also one of the largest NRA fund supporters. Not publicly known information, but it had turned up on FBI files. 
Back room files were Rowe’s specialty. A long-time admirer of Hoover, he gained a sense of power seeing the secrets of America’s great and good hidden on file. A power that he’d finally abused, plying a trade of selling information within the upper echelons of business and politics for almost seven years before being found out. 
The Bureau asked him to resign or face a full enquiry, no doubt letting out a deep breath when he chose the former. A section-head selling information for so many years undetected was deeply embarrassing. He’d been running his own private agency for two years when he first approached Cagill. 
Koenitz had already been with Cagill three years serving as bodyguard, security ‘organizer’ and liaison with right-wing militias and gun groups. 
Cagill was impressed by Rowe’s approach. And surprised that out of over eighty companies he was involved with, two had been singled out on FBI files. Rowe showed Cagill how to shield his links with the NRA and right-wing militias through a series of buffer companies, while at the same time increasing his involvement. Cagill hired Rowe freelance for six months before taking him on permanently as his ‘Security Adviser’. Within another eighteen months, Cagill was heavily involved in funding nine major militia groups in addition to his NRA funding: Gun Owners of America and the 1776 Committee. Yet not a trace appeared on any FBI file.
It was Rowe’s skill at manipulating files and ensuring secrecy combined with the backlash from the Oklahoma bombing that had finally led to the formation of the CRA, Co-ordinated Response Arm. Three weeks after Oklahoma, as the full scale of the fall-out was realized, Cagill and Rowe called a meeting with the heads of the nine main militia groups.
Cagill chaired, and quickly took control to rally the militia’s support. They agreed. Such an indiscriminate strike by two renegade members should never be allowed to happen again. The nine militia heads put their ranks under strict instructions, and the final structure of the CRA was hammered out over a series of meetings. Nobody outside of the nine and Cagill, Rowe and Koenitz were to know of its existence. All future strikes were to be carefully co-ordinated, with any final decisions to be taken only within that tight group; all the rank and file would know was that an action had been farmed out independently. Rowe was insistent on secrecy throughout. The CRA must remain totally faceless. 
But with the Washington bomb, the nine heads would rightly argue that all the careful planning and layers of secrecy had been to no avail. The strike had ended up almost as clumsy as Oklahoma. And now with possibly far wider repercussions.
Rowe had sensed Koenitz’s resentment as Cagill delivered his dressing down and played the tape. Rowe knew that Koenitz had never liked him, and could tell now by Koenitz’s references to the charge set being correct and ‘weak building structure perhaps not picked up,’ that he was trying to deflect blame. Rowe had supplied the original building plans for the ATF offices. In particular, he was sure Koenitz resented his ability to manipulate information, to play secret shell games which outwitted the FBI and government agencies.
But it was now those very skills that would save the day, and Koenitz’s neck along with it. One secret file which he remembered from almost twenty years ago. One file which could tear down an entire White House administration, give them the leverage they would now so desperately need. The only problem was where the file was held. 
The tape came to an end. Rowe pressed ‘stop’ on the remote, 
Cagill commented: ‘You see the magnitude of mess we’re in now?’
Koenitz’s eyes were searching the floor for answers. ‘I had no idea that things would–’
‘That’s obvious,’ Cagill cut in. ‘But have you got any good suggestions, or simply more questions and complications to add to the pot?’
Koenitz’s face was a picture: desperation, a vacant plea for help. Rowe left him a moment longer before throwing the lifeline. 
‘I think there is something that might help. But it’s going to mean you doing a bit of traveling, Blake.’
‘Where to?’ Koenitz asked. Hopeful tone; glad of any options at this stage. But when Rowe told him, his expression as quickly fell. ‘What is this, some kind of joke? Or your warped idea of punishment because I fucked up?’
‘Neither,’ Rowe said flatly. ‘It just happens to be the only place where we can get the file we need to get us out of this mess.’
Rowe outlined the plan. Cagill listened and nodded at intervals as if he too was hearing the information for the first time. He quickly offered his support.
Koenitz’s eyes were back on the floor. He still looked unsettled.
Rowe was first to break the silence. ‘Don’t worry, it’s changed a lot the last few years.’ Rowe smiled dryly. ‘I hear it’s much worse than it used to be.’

‘Where were you at the time?’
‘New Orleans.’
Short silence at the other end of the phone. Then: ‘How did you first hear?’
‘My mother. My mother phoned me. She was the first to find out – when she went to pick up Daniel from the nursery.’
Another silence. No reprimands, no ‘you should have been there’s,’ as Josette had expected. Just silence. And now in a way she wished they had come, the silence was far more awkward. 
As if reading his silent admonition, she muttered, ‘I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have been away. Shouldn’t have left him!’ She clenched her eyes tight. But no tears now. She’d cried on the way to the airport, cried in the back of another taxi from Washington National, cried when she’d first embraced her mother and gained the latest on the search. Now there were no tears left; just anger, frustration. ‘I’d do anything to change things. If only–’
‘No, don’t. Don’t. There was nothing you could do. If you’d been in Washington, it would have been the same.’
‘It was a terrible for my mother to have to face it alone. I should have been there. You know, it was almost two hours before she was able to reach me.’
More silence. And then she realized: she wanted the punishment! She’d envisaged a conversation with Sammy attacking and her defending. And now that it hadn’t come, she felt the need to self-reprimand.
Her eyes darted around the hotel lobby, suddenly conscious of the people around. Five or six people by reception, but none of them looking in her direction. The excitable conversation and laughter she’d heard had come from a cocktail lounge beyond. 
She’d purposely sought a pay phone well clear of the cacophony on 14th St; she didn’t want to have to strain to hear Sammy in Africa above the wailing of sirens and frantic shouts from the search and rescue teams. She headed half a mile away to the Madison Hotel on 15th St. But it was hardly better. Above the sound of laughter and clink of glasses from the after dinner crowd in the cocktail lounge came the strains of a piano player’s instrumental version of ‘Mandy.’
‘I’m going to fly out,’ Sammy said. ‘Although I’m not sure when’s the next flight – it could be as much as seven or eight hours.’
‘Are you sure? That’s just the period when there might be some news. You know I’d phone you the moment I heard anything.’
A deep sigh. ‘I know. I just feel I should be there. I feel guilty because I haven’t been there for you and Daniel for much of the past year. And now I don’t even know if I’ll see him again.’
Josette could hear Sammy’s voice breaking at the other end. That was why he hadn’t reprimanded. He felt guilty too. 
Crackling came across the line between Somalia and Washington with another long silence. She pictured Sammy in his hotel room, probably tired and sweaty after a hard morning’s photo-shoot; now crumpled, defeated, head in hands with the news she’d brought. Two absent, guilty parents suddenly bonded by the portent of their crushing loss. Despite the distance, she felt an empathy and closeness with Sammy she hadn’t felt since the early days of their marriage. 
‘There’s still some hope,’ she said. ‘We can’t give up.’ 
‘I know.’
But what hope was there? After two found alive early on and only one more out of the last five, there’d been nothing now for over an hour. She’d made so many bargains with God the past few hours that Daniel was found alive, and although she thought the well had been dried and it was the last place she’d planned to – in this hotel lobby with its constantly changing cast of strangers – she burst into tears again.
‘Don’t, don’t,’ Sammy soothed. ‘That’s it. I’m catching the next flight. I’ll be there... I’ll be there.’

Mike Wratten took the polystyrene cup his search team mate, Dalziel, had brought from the corner diner. The creamer was separate; Wratten tipped it in and stirred with a plastic spoon. The steam from the cup and his breath showed on the night air. Suddenly he stopped, staring thoughtfully at the black and cream swirling together into brown.
‘What is it?’ asked Dalziel. ‘They got the order wrong?’
‘No, no. Just reminded me of something,’ Wratten said absently. A large pink glow with a thin oblong gap at its center. He tried now to picture in his mind what he’d seen on screen. It was the wrong shape for a body, but he’d wondered at the time about the dark oblong shape.
Wratten took a sip of coffee, nodded at Dalziel. ‘Come and look over my shoulder for a second. I want your opinion on something.’
Wratten put down his coffee and picked up the sensor scanner, swiveled and searched until he found the area. ‘See there. Originally it was a larger glow with an oblong gap at the center. Because of its shape, I put it down to some super-heated rubble, with the heat from the explosion not quite reaching its center. But look now – the pink’s faded just from one side. Why not evenly all around?’
‘I don’t know. Maybe one side of the rock got more heat from the blast than the other.’
‘Possibly. But I seem to remember the glows being pretty much even all around. Now picture something else: two people huddled close together, just an oblong gap between them. And one of them dies. Now look again.’
The realization hit Dalziel. ‘Jesus!’ He saw what Wratten had suddenly visualized stirring his coffee. ‘But there’d have to be a good air gap to sustain them both. It’s now five hours they’ve been there.’
‘I know.’ Wratten looked frantically towards the ground radar gantry. Maybe it was a flicker of movement he’d seen down there twenty minutes ago. He took the heat sensor with him to match readings.
With the renewed activity, McLoughlin came over. ‘What is it?’
‘Possibly another one alive down there.’
‘Child or adult?’
‘It looks quite small. Child, I’d say.’
‘Why wasn’t it picked up earlier?’
‘Long story,’ Wratten said. He was busy matching calibrations with the ground radar operator, Saunders. ‘One twelve across, two eighteen down. Okay... have you got it yet?’
‘Almost... just swinging down now. Two seventeen... eighteen. Yep – got it clear now. There’s a gap there.’
The varying shades of grey and black on screen meant little to McLoughlin.
Saunders started measuring calibrations for size, making calculations on a piece of paper to one side. He looked up finally. ‘Two point nine, maybe three cubic meters at most.’ 
‘How long would that give them?’ McLoughlin asked.
‘Seven, maybe eight hours.’
McLoughlin looked relieved. That meant there was at least two hours of oxygen left. Still a tough task given the five or six feet of rubble in between, but achievable.
‘The problem is, I think originally there were two of them in that same space,’ Wratten said. ‘One of them’s now dead.’
‘For how long were there two of them?’ Saunders asked. 
‘I’m not sure. But probably at least the first two or three hours.’
Saunders shrugged. ‘Now we’re talking about five hours, six tops.’
McLoughlin’s eyes darted desperately between the screen and the mountain of rubble. He wished now he hadn’t known. It had been frustrating and soul destroying enough watching the succession of lifeless bodies dragged from the rubble, marked off on his register and then bagged for the morgue. But it was quite another thing to know with certainty that a small body lay alive down there. And know with equal certainty that there was no way they could reach it in time.


Chapter 5

1950s. Nothing in this part of Moscow seemed to have progressed since the fifties, Koenitz reflected. Nor in much of the rest of the city from what little he’d seen. That’s what communism’s done for you, he sneered. Time warp.
The Chaika turned off Komsomolsky Prospect, then after only a hundred and fifty yards they turned again. Dull turn of the century brownstones lined each side, with a backdrop of monotonous rows of grey ten storey apartment buildings. It reminded Koenitz of Detroit or Pittsburgh project housing.
Milo, his contact and driver, waved one arm expressively. ‘An exciting time for Russia, the last few years. A turning point. Good for business.’
Koenitz couldn’t have agreed less. Seventy years in the dark ages, forty years of catch-up ahead. Shambles. Fifties shambles. But he said nothing, didn’t want to encourage Milo who at first he had been relieved had good English, but was now starting to get on his nerves.
‘... Like Chicago in the thirties. Lot of change. Lot of money changing hands.’
Koenitz stayed quiet, smiled towards his side window. Milo’s idea of excitement. Ex-KGB, now partner in a private security firm, trading old files and favors and getting kickbacks from the newly burgeoning mafia. Milo had probably earned more since perestroika than in a lifetime for the government.
Milo pulled the car into the curb. ‘Right place at the right time, and fucking bingo! Tha’s what it’s all about.’ He looked around briefly. ‘Now we wait. Five or ten minutes, no more.’
One of the few questions Koenitz had asked was where Milo had learned his English: Liverpool. ‘Regular stop off for a merchant boat I was on at the time. Three years when I was only seventeen.’ The rest must have been picked up from American gangster movies, thought Koenitz. With the heavy Slavic undertone, Koenitz found the combination unsettling. A gold bracelet rattled on Milo’s wrist and a similar chunky necklace hung around his neck over a thick polo neck. As if he watched Kojak re-runs and thought this is what Americans still wore to look cool. Lanky with a heavy beer pot and close-cropped dark hair, Milo’s long side-burns were trimmed to a point to almost join an equally neat, trimmed moustache. His full name was Milankovsky, but everyone just called him Milo. 
Milo kept the Chaika engine running, the heater on full blast. The windows misted slightly after a moment, and he rubbed the windscreen for a clearer view, adjusted the heater. ‘I did some work for the FBI not long ago. Late last summer. How long you know Rowe?’
‘I’m ex-army, not ex-FBI. But already I’ve known the asshole too long.’
Milo smiled. Koenitz’s taut smile in response and the way he stared stonily ahead told Milo it was another conversational dead-end. Koenitz didn’t want to elaborate. Milo checked his watch: eight minutes.
Koenitz was glad of the silence, but as Milo’s glances at his watch became anxious with the passing minutes, his previous apprehension returned. The bleakness of the brownstones and slush-washed streets starting to close in, remind him just how far away and where he was. Russia. The last fucking place he’d expected to be on this cold November night. A nightmare come true. And Rowe knew it; was probably at this moment poolside in Tampa, sipping a chilled marguerita and smiling, gloating.
The memories for Koenitz were still painfully vivid: his father’s frantic nightmares and daytime fits after Korea, most of his remaining years spent in and out of the mental wing of a veteran’s hospital, his mother struggling to cope meanwhile. And then his own two years at the end of the Vietnam war, little more than a fresh-faced nineteen year old praying to see twenty. A prayer not answered for so many of his platoon.
And all the arguments about ‘different type of communism’ and ‘it’s a completely different ball game now,’ just didn’t wash for Koenitz. Rowe knew damn well how he felt from his secret files, knew that his hatred of communists had been one of the main reasons for him joining the militias, knew that...
‘You’ll have to come with me,’ Milo said.
‘What–?’
‘The arrangement with Mikhail was ten O’clock. It’s almost ten-fifteen now. He’s not showing. And, anyway, if we wait longer we’re going to miss the time slot with the guard shift change.’
‘I can’t come in with you.’ Koenitz stared at Milo incredulously. Nerves building steadily on the flight over... raw, bubbling panic by the time he reached customs. He’d downed three bourbons at the hotel bar straight after to steady his hands, telling himself repeatedly: all you have to do is sit in a car, pay some money and take a file... all you have to do!
‘I told you – it’s a two man job inside.’ Milo’s chunk chain rattled as he waved his wrist. ‘There’s a window to hold, a corridor to watch. I can’t do it on my own.’
Koenitz bunched a fist tight on one knee. ‘When’s the shift change the same again?’
‘Four days.’ Milo shrugged. ‘But by then the file could be back at Lubilayanka Square and it’ll be impossible to get. Security’s too tight there.’
Impossible choice. Wait four days in a city where he felt nervous spending an extra minute, and risk screwing up the entire mission. Or break into a KGB building, the very bastion of all he’d come to loathe and fear through the years. He closed his eyes momentarily, shook his head: he couldn’t do it! Then turned to look long and hard at Milo. Though Milo would never admit it, Koenitz was sure this was one of Rowe’s little surprises. Get him out to a cold and desolate Moscow back street, then drop the bombshell. Hit him with the dilemma of a lifetime. He could almost imagine Rowe raising his glass by the poolside.
‘How many guards inside?’ Koenitz asked.
‘Four. One on the main desk watching the screen monitors. Then one guard for each two floors. Our man will be there, but looking the other way. And he’s put in video loops for the three monitors covering where we’ll be. No problem.’
‘Do I get a gun?’
‘Sorry, ‘fraid not. I’ve only got my own, and Mikhail would have brought his.’ Apologetic shrug and smile. ‘No point, since you were just meant to wait in the car.’
Koenitz stared steadily ahead. A light snow had begun to fall, frosting for the slush. He had to be mad. He closed his eyes again, letting out his breath slowly, evenly, trying to calm his growing nerves and tension. ‘Okay, let’s do it,’ he said finally.

Josette stood at the edge of the cordon with one arm around her mother, both of them staring resolutely towards the mound and the search activity. Sadness, tiredness, defeat in their faces; but their eyes still held hope. Blind hope.
‘Do you want more coffee or soup?’ Josette asked.
‘No, it’s okay.’ Maria shook her head.
Josette could have flashed her badge and gone inside the cordon, got closer to the activity. But her mother had stood alone in her vigil long enough already. ‘Anything new while I was gone?’
‘Two more bodies brought out, both adults. Both bagged, I’m afraid.’
Josette gave a tighter hug with her arm for a second, grimacing.
After a moment’s silence, her mother asked: ‘How was it with Sammy?’
She almost said, ‘Well at least we didn’t argue.’ But it would just be flippancy to push away the crushing grief and pain she’d felt coming in silent waves over the line. ‘Too numbed really to say much. Except that he’s coming over.’
Josette turned slightly from Maria’s sharper gaze. Josette had told her before the call that the last thing she wanted at this moment was half the world around her. When she’d phoned Bernard, he’d understood when she pressed. One out of two wasn’t bad. 
Josette was distracted. She could see Tony Anderson’s car snaking through the far side of the cordon, blue light flashing. He pulled in and got out, his attention fixed on activities on the rubble mound ahead for a moment: Fire chief McLoughlin with two other men by a gantry. Animated conversation, the three staring intently at a square metal box.
Josette pressed her mother’s hand. ‘One moment.’ She ducked down under the cordon, flashing her badge, took a couple of steps forward from the crowd and waved for Anderson to see her.
He pulled his attention away from the scene ahead and came over. ‘How are you?’ he asked. He braced one hand on her shoulder, staring meaningfully into her eyes.
‘I’m coping, just.’ Her voice cracked slightly. She swallowed back the lump in her throat, bit her lip. ‘Sammy’s flying out.’
Anderson grimaced tightly. ‘You can do with the support right now.’ He brought the hand from her shoulder and touched her face gently. ‘Josey. Oh God, this is all so crazy. But if there’s anything I can do?’
She met his eyes directly for the first time: warmth, compassion... the emotions he so carefully hid in the office. It felt strange, somehow out of place, made her head swim slightly. Almost as surreal as the nightmare swirling around her. And beyond, something else in his eyes...
He looked away slightly, flustered, suddenly vulnerable. He took the hand away. The shield went back up. ‘I, er... I had to stay and co-ordinate everything for a while. Play the message boy.’ Constrained smile. ‘Weaver, State Department... everyone’s been calling. I came as soon as I could.’
‘How many working the case?’
‘I’ve got nearly all the team throwing the net out for early leads. Maybe I’ll pull a few back later. And seventy percent of the trench has been busy with nothing else.’ Anderson was half distracted by voices behind calling excitedly back and forth. ‘Weaver has probably got almost half his staff deployed, and outside of that maybe–’
Josette was looking past his shoulder at the activity, and Anderson turned too. Eight of the team on the mound were massing, concentrating their digging in one spot while McLoughlin and another man barked orders and directed.
‘Something’s breaking,’ Anderson said. They went over. 
As they approached, Anderson flashed his badge. McLoughlin nodded at the two of them. Josette had earlier introduced herself to McLoughlin, gained the low-down: only six found alive out of fifteen so far pulled clear, and the odds were getting worse; in the last hour only one found alive out of five found. And now two more bodies in the last half hour.
‘Found something?’ Anderson asked.
‘New heat source we didn’t pick up earlier. Looks like it could be a body.’
‘Can you tell if its a child or an adult?’ Josette asked.
‘Probably a child.’ McLoughlin looked thoughtfully towards the search team frantically picking out rubble and throwing it clear. ‘But I don’t know if we’re going to make it. The air space we picked up on ground radar – there’s probably hardly any oxygen left. And we’ve got at least an hour’s digging before we reach there.’
Josette surveyed the area. ‘Why don’t you use the excavator?’ 
‘Not practical,’ said McLoughlin, looking back towards Saunders and the ground radar screen. 
Josette eyes darted frantically. ‘My son’s one of the children down there. That could be him. And you’re telling me you’re not willing to do whatever’s necessary to get him out because it’s not practical!’
McLoughlin looked at her sharply. Anger more than guilt, as if he’d purposely been trapped. She’d introduced herself earlier as FBI, no personal involvement. She’d wanted hard facts, not sympathy or McLoughlin fluffing around any details he felt might be too painful.
‘Well then maybe, lady, if that heat source is not your son – you’ll be understanding when the bulldozer slices through him on the way to whoever it is.’ McLoughlin gestured towards the cordon. ‘And perhaps the media will be equally as understanding when they capture the whole thing. Or maybe they’ll just go with the headline: ‘Fire chief bulldozes survivors.’ 
Josette’s jaw set tight. All she could think of was that the heat source was Daniel; perhaps the only remaining hope. 
‘So now its not just practicality. Now its media sensitivity as well. But if it helps your decision any: I doubt the press will be any more understanding if that is my son down there – and in interviewing me tomorrow, I have to tell them how you let him die for the sake of practicality and what the media might think.’ She arched an eyebrow. ‘Bit of a dilemma, isn’t it?’
McLoughlin contemplated the excavator, then the mound again, weighing up his Hobson’s choice.

Muffled city rumbles. A deeper, more urgent rumble. Closer. Daniel could feel its vibrations through his body, adding to his shivering from the cold.
And it felt as if his chest was bursting. He could hear his own wheezing in the confined darkness, a strange whistling, rattling sound. His lungs gasped desperately, but each breath pulled in as much dust as air – lining his mouth, his throat and sinking down. It felt like dry sand was coating his lungs. 
He coughed and spluttered, spat out another mouthful of dusty phlegm. Tightness in his throat too; he coughed and coughed, spluttering helplessly – his lungs drawing in again immediately after, a desperate vortex sucking. But no air... no air!
Then darkness, warm darkness... his eyes slowly close as his head goes under the bath water. He can feel his mother’s hands still softly massaging his scalp to swill away the shampoo. His mouth closes, eyes tight shut, losing himself for a moment in the warmth of the water and the soft, tingling caress of her touch, soothing... 
But as he opens his eyes again there’s no light, and as his mouth bursts open – no air! He clutches out desperately at his mother, the water thrashing all around... 
Raw stinging in his bleeding fingers as he snapped back out of the dream. Last faint echoes of his own gasping and scratching. He’d been clawing unconsciously at the rock and dirt. He settled back again, listening. Silently expectant. Nothing but his own labored breathing and the rumble in the background.
The dream had felt nice; warm, re-assuring. His knew that he should stay awake – but a part of him felt drawn back. And as another fit of racking coughs hit him, his lungs on fire as they gasped at the dust filled air, he felt an inner light drawing him in, felt himself sinking into its lure. So warm, so comforting after the coldness. A welcome release.

Milo made a pushing signal for Koenitz to stay by the door as he started his way along the middle row of computers. He indicated the one he’d be working on. Koenitz left only an inch crack in the door to give a view of the corridor and the frosted glass door at its end. Beyond the glass door was the central vestibule. Wide at first, then tapering down leading to two similar corridors running parallel to their own. They’d let themselves in through a window at its end; its inside latch had already been turned and the guard tripped the link for that floor’s alarms. 
A faint glow flickered on the walls as Milo switched on the computer and it booted up. Milo’s key taps started to bring up screen pages with text and photos.
Koenitz’s breath caught as the shadow of a shape came into view through the glass pane. The changing light of the screen changes flickered from behind, a faint remnant playing through the one inch gap, and Koenitz was suddenly fearful that it might be seen. He closed the gap tighter, squinting through no more than a centimeter – but at that moment the figure moved, turned slowly and walked away. He relaxed again. If all went according to plan, the guard for that section wouldn’t even come into their stretch of corridor.
Koenitz glanced at his watch: 10.46 pm. Fourteen minutes before the shift change. He looked over at Milo. ‘How’s it going?’
‘Searching now. Shouldn’t be long.’
Koenitz’s nerves jumped. The shadow was back beyond the glass, with another now alongside. The two figures milling, muted mumbling.
Koenitz closed the last fraction of door, blocking out any remnants of flickering. The guard was in their pay, but not the second man. The voices were more muted now, difficult to judge distance. They could have opened the glass-paned door at the end and be walking closer – and he wouldn’t know. He strained his hearing, trying to judge their distance. 
And listening to the lilting guttural tones, brought him back to where he was: in the cold dead of night, deep inside a KGB building. If they were found, he’d be spending the rest of his days in some Godforsaken Siberian labor camp. A cold sweat broke on his forehead. He still couldn’t tell if the voices were still the same distance away or closer. 
And now Milo’s voice from behind, hoarse whisper: ‘Is everything alright?’
‘Some voices... end of the corridor. ’ Straining, listening again. ‘Just hurry, okay!’
‘The file section’s up now.’ Milo’s hands flashed on the keyboard, text and pictures scrolling rapidly down. The PCs were all Ethernet linked to a mainframe in the basement. User ID and entry codes to match the computer he’d used. 
Fifth page through in the set, he hit it: Andrew Landry, born 14/8/47. Education: Yale. Bachelor degree in Science, second of Economics. DGC Microtech, Asst. Finance Director (1969-1970). Naval duty, Second Lieutenant, Vietnam: 1971-1972. Naval Intelligence, San Diego based: 1973-74. Annapolis: 1975-1979. Responsible areas: Computer records and ciphers, Black Sea and Eastern Mediterranean. Milo scanned quickly down: elected to House of Representatives for Northern California, 1986-1990.... Executive Secretary of the National Security Council: 1991-1998... running mate for Vice-Presidency in 1999...
‘Shouldn’t be long now.’ Milo kept flicking rapidly through. 
Three floors above, two clerks were on a late shift, sorting through files to be copied for the CPSU and Collegium by the next morning, silently cursing the earlier downtime which had forced them to stay late. One hundred and twenty-two files so far. Just forty-six to go. Sergei Okolovskaya waited while the last file was copied over, found the next, double-clicked. Barely paid attention to the opening message, clicked again, scrolled down.
Sergei had flicked through the first four screen pages before the relevance of the opening message hit him. He went back to check, then stared long and hard at the date and time. Strange, he didn’t remember already doing this file. Yet it showed a last access time of 10.49 pm. Just three minutes ago.
He looked across at his companion. ‘Yuli, have you already checked file section HZ 494679?’
Yuli looked down a list at his side. ‘No... it’s not on my roster.’
Sergei stared back numbly at the file access time.
Koenitz could hear the voices fading, moving away, then silence. He risked inching the door back a fraction, looked out. Nobody in sight, no shadows beyond the glass pane. He slowly eased his breath. Behind him, anxious mumbling from Milo.
‘What is it?’ Koenitz asked.
‘I see notes here about two sub-files as well.’
Koenitz checked his watch: 10.56 pm. Only four minutes left. ‘We don’t have time to check them. Just load them straight onto the stick as well.’ 
‘Okay.’ Milo made a note of the two file references, then searched through to find them. 
 Sergei decided to check ID entry codes to see who’d last accessed the file. A single white line flashed up under his request after a second: VK539628/S49. He swung across, checked on the floor plan register pinned on the wall to one side: Room B28. Three floors below.
‘Do you know of anyone else working the late shift tonight?’
Yuli shrugged. ‘Not that I know of.’
Milo had located one sub-file and copied it onto the stick with the main file, but was having trouble finding the last file. ‘Must be in one of these last two directories.’
Three floors above, Sergei found his section guard in the next corridor along and told him his concern. ‘Probably nothing, just another mug like us kept working late. But you never know.’
The guard started along with Sergei towards the stairs.
‘Okay. Found it!’ Milo exclaimed. 
But as he copied it across, there was a clatter of footsteps and voices drifted from the central vestibule – Koenitz suddenly looking more anxiously through the door gap.
‘Somebody coming,’ Koenitz snapped. The shadows of three people beyond the opaque glass door further along. Voices pressing closer. ‘For God’s sake – let’s move it!’
Milo’s eyes darted anxiously between the corridor outside and the file transfer progress on screen: 60%... 78%. There were obviously photos or videos in the files too; it was taking longer than expected.
Milo could hear the voices clearer now, could tell that someone was pressing to check their section and the guard in their pay was arguing that he’d already checked not long before, purposely raising his voice – warning them!
94%... File transfer complete. Milo took the stick and shut down. ‘Okay, let’s go!’
But as Milo came alongside, they both saw the door open, transfixed as the faces showed through the gap. 
Quizzical expression from the front guard as he spotted them: ‘Doreshkni!’
Milo quickly assessed, saw that it was too late to run the three doors towards them and try and make it back through the window where they’d entered. ‘This way!’
Koenitz followed, fell in step behind Milo, the two of them at a sprint within a few steps. At the end of the corridor was a large glass window looking onto a side-street. Another urgent shout came from behind.
‘We’re going to have to jump,’ Milo shouted. ‘It’s only one floor.’
‘What?’ Koenitz was disorientated: climbing into the neighboring building and then dropping, he’d lost track of what floor they were on. Beyond the glass window, snow drops fell. 
A shot rang out, echoing loudly in the narrow corridor, reminding Koenitz where he was. It shattered through the glass ahead.
‘It’s our only chance,’ Milo hissed.
Koenitz still felt uncertain. But as another shot sounded and he felt the jolt and searing pain in the small of his back, almost knocking him over – frantic, stumbling steps to stay upright – he knew Milo was right. It was their only chance!
More shots, this time from Milo: four in quick succession, weakening and shattering the window-frame ahead.
Another from the guards, its air burst whistling close by.
Both of them were at full tilt now, breathless, a brief faltering hop as Milo jumped out – and Koenitz was only a pace behind, his bulk crashing through what little was still intact of the frame and glass, the cold night air bursting sharply into his lungs as he felt himself sailing free, falling... 

McLoughlin knew it wouldn’t be that simple. Bring in the excavator and cut the digging time down by half. Sure. Apart from possible bodies in between, they’d had to move cautiously to avoid disturbing the support around the air gap. They’d shaved at most twenty minutes from the time. McLoughlin doubted it was enough.
Incoccia had pointed out on ground radar what they faced with the air gap: ‘A large concrete slab on top with a strut or column laid flat supporting one side, a mixture of loose debris and rock the other. The column will probably hold, but the loose debris around it and the other side could be a problem.’
Closer to the air gap they’d resumed more hand digging. Incoccia hoped the strategy he’d laid out for McLoughlin would work: rubble removed by hand to expose the lip of the slab. Then the excavator moves in, levers up the slab – and the search team reach in and grab the two bodies. Simple, if all went according to plan. His main worry was if any of the rubble or the supports fell away as the slab levered up. It must weigh a ton or two, would easily crush the two bodies below.
Incoccia glanced towards the ground radar screen. It was difficult to make out shapes distinctly. Incoccia looked sharply towards Wratten as the thought hit: fiber optic!
‘Mike, the cameras! I think we could use one now.’ Two feet. Probably close enough now to feed in.
Wratten nodded and waved to two men by a grey van. Incoccia moved in closer as they returned and set the camera up.
An anxious moment as they hit an obstruction, a bit of pushing and snaking around before the picture was finally there. The operator adjusted the focus: grey-green light, fish-eye perspective.
Incoccia could see the slab, a flash of grey and white above as the fiber twisted, and then a body, grey and dusty: a small boy! Eyes half closed, the figure looked inert, lifeless.
‘Move the camera to the left and back a bit,’ Incoccia directed.
Part of a leg, a shoulder... another small body came bit by bit into view. But it was only a profile, Incoccia couldn’t see the eyes. He watched intently for a second, seeing if the body moved, even the minutest movement that might indicate inhalation. He consciously held his own breath as he looked, but nothing! Not a flicker of movement. A sense of hopelessness started to descended. 
‘Move across a bit!’ he snapped. A background flicker of movement from the other body, but he couldn’t be sure. The camera shifted back, panned with a jolt across the face – eyes still half shut, but he thought he saw the chest moving fractionally. He stared hard at that one spot, saw the gentle rise and fall, felt his own chest fill with elation. One of them was still alive!
He looked up: sudden flurry of excitement as the digging team uncovered the edge of the large slab. He shouted across at them: 
‘Let’s get at least eight inches showing for sure leverage. And some more cleared on top.’ 
He looked back through the camera, honing in on the faintly rising chest, the only thing now driving him on. He froze, his mouth suddenly dry. He stared hard, thinking for a second that he was looking at the wrong body, the camera tube had swung across – before realizing that it was the same boy. But now the chest wasn’t moving!
Could he have been seeing things before, wishful thinking, or the vibrations of the excavator a few yards away had caused the movement? No, he had seen the chest rise, the boy breathing. The boy had died while he watched on camera! Too busy putting into place the final stages of his marvelous, strategic plan. 
Suddenly the thought struck: if the boy had just stopped breathing, how long before the rest of his body wound down. One minute, two?
Incoccia looked over sharply. ‘‘Okay, clear away! We’re going for it.’ Four inches leverage under the lip of the slab; it would have to be enough. He waved the excavator in. ‘Get under the lip and shift it now! There’s no time left.’
As the excavator shovel caught under the lip, Incoccia looked back through the camera, watching the slab lift up an inch, two inches.
‘Any minute! Get ready to reach in and drag those two out!’ 
He didn’t look up as he shouted. Sweat beaded on his forehead as he watched the camera view: three inches, four. But something else now: the support column on the far side was shifting slightly, debris and dirt slipping away. 
Six inches... seven. Loose debris trickling away harder now, the column shifting almost in time with the slab lifting. Incoccia could see that it was about to give way.
‘Get ready to move in!’ he shouted. ‘There should be enough gap.’
Mike Wratten and two helpers shone their torches in the gap, playing across the two bodies. Enough room to get their arms in, thought Wratten, but not enough for their shoulders or to lift the bodies clear. ‘We need another couple of inches!’
The excavator’s groan deafening by his side, it shifted a fraction more. 
‘Okay... okay!’ Wratten cried out. He reached in, the helper alongside going for the far boy. Two sets of arms grappling at the bodies, turning, starting to lift. But at that moment Incoccia could see the column beneath shifting, giving way. 
‘Get them out now!’ he screamed. But it was too late. He watched with horrified fascination as the column slipped away, the slab falling back down.
Mike Wratten had one hand bracing around the small chest, the other gripping at what felt like a sweat shirt, when the slab hit. All the sensation suddenly went from his arms as they were jammed against the rocks beneath, the shock like a lightning bolt up through his body. ‘Jesus!’ Only a tingling numbness now where his fingers gripped the body beneath.
The other six team helpers clutched at the slab, trying desperately to hold back its full weight while the excavator moved to get its shovel back under the edge of the slab. It connected, pushed up, motor straining wildly.
Incoccia’s attention was fixed back on the camera, his breath frozen. He could see the column and rubble beneath shifting again into another slide.
Wratten’s pulse ticked off each millimeter of the slowly opening gap, enough... just enough. He swung the body up as the slab slipped again in that instant, feeling it brush against his arm and the small body, fearing for a second that it might be torn from his grasp.
Josette stood eighty yards back as part of McLoughlin’s agreement to bring in the excavator. A sense of hopelessness had descended over the first half hour as she realized it was taking far longer than she thought. Then she was quickly buoyed again with the increasing activity: the urgent shouts and screams and the final lifting of the slab.
But as she saw the two dusty, lifeless bodies lifted clear, all hope slipped away again. Cold, cruel fate dashed what few jaded emotions remained. 
‘No... no!’ she screamed, surging forward. 
Tony Anderson’s arm wrapped around her, holding her back, her vapoured breath on the chill night air feeling like the last air and life in her. They’d reached them too late. Daniel was dead.


Chapter 6

It was bad enough coming in through customs, but Koenitz was dreading going back out.
The pain from where the bullet was taken out was still excruciating. It had lodged in his lower back, just where it joined his left buttock. A few inches higher or to one side and it would have ripped through vital nerve tendons, left him paralyzed. Instead of how he felt now, only half paralyzed.
He shuffled forward in the Aeroflot check-in queue, struggling to hide his limp. Sheremetyevo-11 Airport was one of the few modern structures he’d seen in Moscow. But crowded. Check in queues and long waits everywhere. Obviously built not anticipating the international traffic surge after perestroika. Forty minutes now he’d been waiting in the queue. 
Koenitz grimaced, shuffled another step. Only a few people now between him and the desk. The fall hadn’t helped. There’d only been a two inch covering of snow on the sidewalk below, but thankfully the other side had taken most of the impact. Strained right calf and a badly bruised hip were the only injuries, but could have been much worse, much worse – two more shots from the guards at the window had kicked up the snow close around as they’d scampered quickly up and around the corner. At least it balanced out his shuffling limp. Strained smile at the Aeroflot girl, biting back the pain as he hoisted his small case onto the scale.
Pretty, rose-cheeked brunette. Passport and ticket checked, back part ripped off. Curt smile. ‘Hope you have a pleasant flight.’ 
Koenitz forced a smile in return, quickly dying as he turned and walked away, his pain resurging. The KGB guard had probably seen the bullet hit, and Milo’s urgent commands to jump had been in English! If the guard had overheard him, the alert could already be out for someone wounded with an American or English passport.
Some seats a few paces ahead. But sitting was almost as painful as staying on his feet. Koenitz spotted a bar thirty yards to his right; a compromise. He shuffled over, perched one elbow on the counter to take some weight off and ordered a Jack Daniels to soothe his nerves.
He closed his eyes for a second after knocking back the first slug. Pure velvet after Milo’s Valadir vodka. He could still feel the rotgut swilling about his system, half a bottle of it down his throat before he was delirious enough to allow Milo near his ass with the knife. The thinnest, sharpest Milo could dig out his kitchen drawer.
Crazy, but it had been the only option. Milo couldn’t find a discreet doctor at such short notice, and Koenitz couldn’t risk going through the airport’s metal detectors with the bullet still in him. Milo had picked up iodine and bandages at a local pharmacy and just before plunging home the knife asked him to nod twice if it was hurting too much. Fucking Rusky joker. If I shoved a knife in your ass and started twisting it around, would it hurt?
But despite the blinding pain, Koenitz didn’t nod or flinch, simply kept as much of a bleary sideways eye on Milo as he was able through the vodka haze and with his undignified position slumped face down over a kitchen table.
Milo’s face straining as he turned the knife – Koenitz had felt it grate and grind against bone and muscle, Milo’s teeth gritting as he pressed harder for more purchase – 
‘Sir – are you okay?’
Koenitz focused on the barman looking on concernedly. Realized that he’d been staring blankly almost directly at the barman, his hand gripped tight around his tumbler. 
‘Yes, fine. Fine.’
He knocked back the rest in one, looking up at the check in board as he headed away: Aeroflot A4238 to Frankfurt: 13.10. Still forty minutes till boarding. From Frankfurt he’d take a United Airlines flight to Tampa. The same route he’d flown in. More discreet.
In his side vision, the barman’s eyes stayed on him for a second before looking away to serve someone else. The barman. The check-in girl. People catching his eye at intervals as he pushed through the crowds. As if they knew. It’s that foreigner, the one that caught a KGB bullet last night.
His gaze swept across the crowded terminal to the customs gate and guards. If any message had come through, it would be there. He should try and go through soon, get it over with. But he wanted a moment when the gate was crowded, the guards too harried to pay each person much attention.
Koenitz went over to a news kiosk, browsing, glancing towards the customs gate at intervals. He didn’t pick up anything to read, didn’t want to overtly appear an American from a distance. More people at the gate now, but still not enough.
He ambled across to a group of bench seats and closed his eyes for a second, trying to calm his jaded nerves. Clear his thoughts. After a moment he heard voices close by.
A young couple with rucksacks had sat at the end of the same bench seat, the boy having a mumbled conversation in Russian with the girl in between bites on a salami filled roll. A tannoy announcement sounded abruptly, drowning out their voices.
He got up sharply. The tannoy, the strange voices all around, the guards, the milling crowds and the occasional eye that fixed on him. He had to get away. Reasonable crowd by the customs gate. Four guards, each at separate counters. 
He chose one with about fifteen people ahead. Two queues were longer, but the guard ahead was young, looked less surly than his comrades and was partly distracted talking to a guard behind. Only half looking at passports, waving people through quickly. In no time the queue had shrunk to eleven, ten.
But suddenly the guard stopped, studying a passport more intently, then up sharply at its owner. More pages turned, the guard questioning, pensive as the answers came.
Koenitz could see now the gold wings on navy blue. An American passport! The guard last night had heard their voices, an alert had gone out. They were singling out only English speakers in the line! The guard spent a full two minutes with the American – though it seemed like a lifetime – before waving him through.
Koenitz looked around hastily to see if he could sneak out of the queue – but there were already five or six behind him with two more now joining. The next two were waved through quickly – too close to move now without being noticed. His gaze fixed straight ahead again. Just nod, smile: ‘Yes, quick business trip. Frankfurt, Moscow.’ He hoped he remembered correctly the two Russian gas turbine clients Rowe said to mention if quizzed. What could go wrong? 
But still he worried that the guard would pick up on his faint limp, or an awkward question he couldn’t answer, or Milo hadn’t got all the metal out of his ass and the detector would go off like a siren, its blare merging with the tannoy and the strange voices all around. And then the guards would move in to take him to where he’d spend the rest of his life surrounded by voices he didn’t understand, breaking rocks and supping cold gruel.
He blinked and focused on the young guard suddenly in front of him, smiling, holding one hand out. 
‘Passport please.’

Bernard Tanner looked thoughtfully through the pub window at the rushing waters outside. One of their favorite haunts: ‘The Trout.’ Last time here they’d sat on the terrace by the river, but it was too cold to sit out now. The November light was fast dying by the small bridge above the sluice gates.
Bernard looked up as Jeremy Howell set their pints down at the table. ‘There you are.’
They sat in silence for a moment. Normally they came here just in the summer, but Bernard had wanted somewhere peaceful, restful, away from campus. Away from anyone else who might come up and pat him on the back: ‘Sorry, I heard.’
Out of respect, Howell hadn’t said much on the drive over, knew that Bernard had had a bellyful. He wanted time with his own private thoughts.
Bernard sipped at his beer, staring back at the rushing, frothing water as it burst through the sluice gates beneath the small bridge. On one of their first visits here, Howell had mentioned it used to be a 17th Century nunnery, with a graveyard for the nuns just beyond the river. Life, death. Bernard shook his head, was slow in focusing back across the table. 
Howell took it as a cue to finally speak. ‘Are you going to fly out?’
‘I’m not sure yet.’ On the first call, Josette had asked ‘please don’t.’ She wanted to be alone. Then on his last call, he was asked to ‘hang on’ for news.
Always the last to know. Josette’s problem with an early boyfriend, the various embassy moves and home upheavals. Muted background mumbling, then he’d be let in on it only at the last moment. Too young, protect his delicate sensitivities. Eleven year age gap between him and Josette, she was already dating while baby-sitting for him. Often he still thought of her more as a second mother than a sister. Young Daniel had felt more like the brother he never had. Bernard snapped out of it, realized he wasn’t being very good company for Howell. 
‘Quite a challenge Kenyon has set us.’
‘Let’s just hope we’re up to it.’ Howell sipped at his beer. ‘Any thoughts yet?’
‘Not really. I think Kenyon’s principal argument is right – too discriminatory. It will take a long time and be hard fought through Congress to finally see the light of day as a Bill. And even then it will only have teeth with a minority.’
‘Good press, though. He made a stand when it was needed.’
‘Yeah. I think that’s what Kenyon was saying. Good press, bad legislation. But I’m not sure what’s a good alternative, if there is one.’
‘That’s the challenge.’ Howell smiled and raised his glass.
Kenyon had started the seminar with his condolences, he’d heard how the recent events in Washington affected Bernard personally. If Bernard wanted to be excused, Kenyon would perfectly understand. Bernard had opted to stay. Kenyon proceeded by playing a tape of the President’s speech from the night before, then invited comments: brave move; making a stand at last; just band-standing, wouldn’t follow through. 
The class was split on the President’s sincerity, but Kenyon quickly guided to what he was most interested in: if the President followed through, what opposition would his proposals meet, and from where? And what would be the likely outcome? NRA, 1776 Committee, right-wing Republicans in the Senate... all the standard trench lines for any anti-gun Bill before someone hit on the key vein Kenyon sought: 
‘Yes, it’s discriminatory. That’s the main problem it will face. It singles out one particular group, and Constitutional laws are meant to be for everyone. Common-spirited. That’s why, however brave and well-meaning, it will probably be doomed to fail. And even if it finally makes it through as a Bill, by then it will have been watered down to affect only those who actually take direct action against government. So, hooray, it might nail a handful of bombers, but not the militias they’re associated with. And the militia’s opposition to government will be argued as being protected by free speech. If we’re going to take guns away from all those who are anti-government, then we might as well strip all Republicans of guns each time the Democrats are in power, and vice-versa. A fundamental Constitutional right is to be able to oppose and to freely voice that opposition. These are the sort of arguments that will be put forward, and a lot of them will unfortunately stick. Nevertheless we can but applaud the President for what he’s tried to do – because certainly someone had to make a strong stand.’ 
Kenyon had surveyed the class more directly at that point, sweeping slowly across, and Bernard had the feeling that Kenyon’s eyes had settled on his a second longer. ‘So that will be your set piece thesis for two lessons time: with the Second Amendment wording as foundation, a draft Bill which just might work...’
‘I suppose you didn’t get much sleep last night,’ Howell commented. ‘You look pretty wasted.’
Bernard simply nodded with a pained smile. He’d been studying till almost 1 am, then the call at 5 am.
‘If there’s anything I can do to help?’
Bernard nodded numbly. Howell concern was palpable. They looked so different physically: Howell slim, bespectacled and asthmatic; himself broader, more gregarious and athletic. A new generation of Hollywood stars and pop idols had adopted round wire framed spectacles in an effort to look ‘swatty’ and intellectual. But Jeremy Howell was the real thing. Looked like he’d been born wearing glasses. 
The main initial bond between them had been dislocated childhood’s. Howell’s father had been an oil company executive, with his childhood spent uprooted between various Gulf countries, Nigeria and Mexico. Bernard discovered that Howell had been in Abu Dhabi at practically the same time he was in Jordan. The rest of their friendship developed through a common interest in political studies and Howell’s superior knowledge of computers and the Internet. Howell was a master at reaching obscure files and information Bernard couldn’t find.
But this seriousness now between them felt morbidly maudlin, out of place; Bernard felt the need to lighten the mood. ‘What, you mean like letting me sleep with your girlfriend?’
Howell stared back. It took a second for him pick up the twitch of a smile on Bernard’s mouth. He smiled slowly. ‘I don’t have a girlfriend.’
‘Well – easy for you to make offers then.’ They chuckled briefly, then Bernard became more serious. ‘I thought you had a thing with that Angela something. All those late nights in your dorm.’
‘Angela Tulley.’ Howell shrugged. ‘Nothing much happened. Bad as you, Bernard. She was just after me for my Internet links.’
‘So you didn’t get plugged in anywhere else?’
Howell shrugged, shook his head. Too private, thought Bernard. Even if anything had happened, Howell wouldn’t admit it. Would protect Angela’s maiden’s honor to the last.
Silence again, Howell looking up briefly at some people passing. But the mood was better now, more relaxed. One of the things Howell liked about Bernard: the ability to make light against all odds. But Howell could tell now that it was mostly bravado for his own benefit. Inside, Bernard was destroyed. His eyes were still distant and lost as he’d smiled and laughed. 
‘When do you hope to hear more from the hospital?’ Howell asked.
‘I don’t know. An hour or two maybe.’ The call from his mother had been scant on detail. All he knew was that Daniel was still in emergency. ‘There might even be a message when we get back.’
‘If you want to talk later, just let me know. Whatever the hour.’
‘Yes. Thanks.’ Bernard stared thoughtfully back at the river. Raw, surging, frothing life. Being careful not to lift his eyes to the death just beyond. Push it from his mind.

Koenitz straightened up from being sick in the small sink and looked in the mirror: almost totally bloodshot cornea around his pale grey-green eyes, dark circles underneath, his skin flushed. He looked a wreck, could hardly remember feeling worse in his life.
Practically the first time the seat belt light had been off and he’d been able to get to the toilet. Short flight, just two hours. But rough. Turbulent for most of the last forty minutes. He’d just about found a comfortable angle to get the weight off his wound when the pounding started. 
Perhaps with just the drink and the turbulence, he’d have got away without being sick. But the Russian customs ordeal had tied his stomach in knots. Only a minute of perfunctory questions before he was waved through, but it had felt like a lifetime. Trembling and queasiness still gripped his gut as he strapped in for take-off, then the turbulence.
He blamed Row for it all going wrong, but he’d save his rebukes until they were all in front of Cagill. Keep his powder dry.
He’d been asked to call Cagill from a pay-phone when he got to Frankfurt, and found one fifty yards from the washrooms. But Cagill’s butler, Hansford, informed him that Mr Cagill was out right now.
‘Golf morning. But Mr Rowe is here and expecting your call.’
Before Koenitz could protest there was a click and then Rowe was on the line. ‘How did it go?’
Koenitz wondered what or how much to say. He simply repeated his previous thought. ‘Went well – but no thanks to you.’ 
‘Why’s that?’
‘Milo’s friend didn’t show.’
‘But you got the disks with the files?’ Edge of concern now in Rowe’s voice.
‘Yes, I’ve got your precious disks. But by the skin of my teeth. We were lucky to get out alive.’
‘We?’
‘Yeah, I had to go in there with Milo. It was a two man job – you damn-well knew that.’ Koenitz stopped himself. He was saying more than he wanted. Save the main ammunition for in front of Cagill. ‘Look, I don’t want to go into this now. I got the disks, I pulled a rabbit out the hat from the nightmare fuck-up you arranged – that’s all you need to know now. We can go into the details when I get back.’
‘Sounds to me pretty much like the last time. I set everything up perfectly. Then you screw it all up.’
Rowe’s condescending tone brought back his anger. ‘Look, Rowe, it was screwed before I even got there. Milo and his greaseball Rusky friend – who I never got the pleasure of meeting – were your choice, not mine. When he didn’t show, I should’ve been out of there. Come straight back, told Cagill: Rowe fucked-up. One of the contacts didn’t show. But I decided to go in with Milo – God knows what I was thinking – and save the day. And, incidentally, your scrawny ass along with it.’
‘That must have been exciting for you – inside of a KGB building. Whatya do - post God’s a Republican stickers around while you were there.’
Koenitz snorted. ‘Your idea of a joke, huh? Get me inside a KGB building. Only trouble is, it all went wrong – the guards almost caught us. And I caught a fucking bullet for the privilege!’
‘You think I planned this whole thing?’
Koenitz didn’t answer, was still pondering Rowe’s incredulity when another question came.
‘Where were you hit?’
‘What – Oh, uh... just below my back.’
‘Just below.’ Mocking tone. ‘If you mean your ass, why don’t you just say it. Shot in the ass by a Rusky. From Russia, with love.’ 
Koenitz’s hand gripped tighter on the receiver. ‘If you must know, it was the top part, just before it joins my back. A few inches higher and to one side and I could have been paralyzed.’
‘Yeah – and a few inches lower and it would have cut your vocal chords.’
A small pulse muscle pumped at the side of Koenitz’s temple. Raw acid anger boiled beneath. Hold on. Don’t give Rowe the satisfaction.
But Rowe was on a roll now. ‘You want we arrange a doctor and a soft cushion for when you get back?’
‘It’s already done. The bullets out.’ Flat, contemptuous tone. ‘I couldn’t risk going through the customs metal detector with it still in.’
‘Of course. How forgetful of me. Here’s you thinking you’d never let a Russian near you. And now you’ve had a Russian doctor halfway up your ass. Without realizing it, you’ve probably just been inaugurated in the Communist party.’ Rowe chuckled. ‘Full card-carrying member!’
‘You smarmy fuck!’ Koenitz lost it for a second, quickly bit back. ‘It was your smiling friend Milo with his Happy Days haircut, if you wanna know. We couldn’t risk going to a doctor.’
‘Nice to know you let our little Russian friend in on the enjoyment. You didn’t keep all the fun to yourself. Must’ve been real cozy. And he got to see two American assholes in one day. Did you tell him no tongues?’
Koenitz finally lost it then, smashed the receiver sharply against the pay-phone. As he brought it back, a low, menacing tone. ‘Listen to me, fuck-tard. First off I’m going to give you the dressing down of your life in front of Cagill. Then I’m going to decide, very calmly, whether to–’
But with the sudden buzz on the line, he realized he was talking to a dead line.

Ironic. The last time they’d been in a hospital together had been when Daniel was born.
Sammy hugged her on arrival, wrapped her tight with her head pressed against his chest. Tears, questions. Latest news, doctors reports. ‘How long before he’s out of surgery?’
Sammy kissing her face breathlessly, cradling her jaw and looking deep into her eyes as if willing home a silent strength, gently wiping tears from her eyes with the back of one finger. Then calming gradually, questions that went into more detail.
Both her mother and Tony Anderson had been there when Sammy arrived. Tony Anderson left half an hour later, her mother soon after. As if she was suddenly intruding: leave the two of them to talk privately, catch up. 
The silences in the gaps gradually became longer. Almost a microcosm of their relationship, thought Josette. Breathless, frantic at first; then calming, slowing, awkward silences growing increasingly between them. Distance. 
Probably she was being unfair. The silences were as much because having covered everything about Daniel’s progress, all else – the various snippets of personal news during their eleven month separation – was trivia. Felt out of place, wrong for them to discuss at such a time.
But with the more intense silences, starting to pique the agonizing wait on news – Josette felt the desperate need to touch on some lighter topics. She knew she’d have to be first to cross the line. Sammy wouldn’t; afraid that the absent father focusing on anything other than his son’s welfare at that moment would appear insensitive. 
‘How are you?’ she asked. How’s work? Africa? Still with the same agency?
Fine. Busy. Yes. Stilted answers at first, gradually expanding. ‘I’d planned to stay in Africa no longer than another few months anyway. With this now, I’ll probably come back earlier. Stay in Washington a while.’
Daniel again. Guilt. Awkward as soon as she moved away from the topic; everything quickly dove-tailed back.
‘Met anyone nice on your travels?’‘ she asked.
Sammy smiled at how deftly she’d broached the subject. ‘There’s this girl, Janice, part of the set-up crew. But it’s only been the past few months. Nothing too serious yet. And you?’
‘No, nothing really. Too busy.’ At least nothing worth mentioning. Three or four dates, the longest lasting five weeks. The shortest, Claude Barelli from CI, only ten days. Mistake. She’d vowed never again to date within the Bureau.
‘You should get out a bit more.’ Brief challenging smile.
‘Not so easy on your own.’
‘I know.’ He looked down for a second. He changed the subject. ‘How’s your mom been?’
Fine – until now.’ Pained smile, her eyes flickering away for a second. ‘Her social life’s busier than mine.’
‘And is Bernard coming over?’
‘No. I told him to stay for now. With too many people around, it’s difficult to cope.’ She bit her lip. ‘Maybe in a few days I’ll feel different. Once Daniel’s out of the woods.’ Say it clearly and confidently. Will it to happen. If Daniel made it, she knew could barely pass her lips without starting her crying again. Unacceptable.
Sammy picked up on her mood, his gaze drifting again along the corridor towards the emergency room. 
The last news had been forty minutes ago. Daniel’s left lung had been re-inflated successfully, but it would be another two hours to complete the operation on his legs and lower back vertebrae. Two hours before they knew if Daniel was paralyzed, crippled or – then another CAT scan. Concern that the vital minutes without oxygen before resuscitation might have caused permanent brain damage. So many obstacles, so many plea bargains with God. 
And so it was best to push it away. Not hope too hard. Not dwell. Return to the safety of trivia. ‘Would the agency find local assignments for you if you returned to Washington?’ 
‘They’ll find a bit. But they’re stronger on foreign work. There’s this other agency though that’s good for local and eastern seaboard assignments. Maybe some stuff as far down as the Carolinas and Atlanta.’
She nodded thoughtfully. He looked well, she thought. Wavy dark hair, light brown eyes, a few more lines, but looking healthy, the African sun bringing out a few faint freckles on his forehead. She only remembered noticing that a few times: their honeymoon in Bermuda and a day’s sailing at Annapolis when she was sick and later discovered she was pregnant with Daniel.
‘How’s Bernard?’ Sammy asked.
‘Fine. Second year now at Oxford. Way he’s going, he’ll end up the next Andrew Young.’
‘Bright boy.’
Josette asked about his parents. How were they? When was he going to tell them? Was he planning to go up to Wellsboro?
Sammy appeared to relax more as they spoke. His mom was fine, but his dad hadn’t been well. Hip operation that wasn’t mending as quickly as the doctors hoped. 
She shook her head sympathetically. ‘I’m sorry. I hope everything turns out alright.’ 
‘Probably I’ll stay up there for a while. A few days, at least.’
She was reminded how easy she felt in Sammy’s company. But that had never been the problem, she thought. The constant wanderlust and time away had been the problem, or when he was there, the feeling that he felt somehow trapped, that his soul had already left for some war-torn field in Bosnia or Somalia.
Soul somewhere else? She could relate to that. The light conversation had hardly helped. Hers was still with Daniel two floors below, holding his hand and willing him to be brave as the surgeons probed, cut and stitched his small body.
She nodded and smiled at the right moments as Sammy talked. And silently risked another prayer.


Chapter 7

Vice-President Andrew Landry hadn’t long returned to the beach house when the call came through. It was Mark Tindall.
‘What the hell’s going on, Andy? I didn’t catch up with the announcement until this morning. And I’ve been trying to get hold of you most of the day.’
‘That’s why I come down here, Mark. To get away from Washington.’
‘Sorry. But you know I wouldn’t call you there unless it was urgent.’
A few small yachts vied across the bay through the picture window behind his desk. In the five years since Landry had bought the house, it had increasingly become a weekend and summer refuge. Four miles south of Cape Charles, the white-board colonial classic commanded one of the best views of the southern apex of Chesapeake Bay. The extension for an extra family room and office had been in the same colonial style, except the large picture windows to each. The other non-conventionalism was that the glass was eight millimeters thick and bullet proof.
Within two hours of the President’s speech, Landry had seen the build up of messages through his staff and on his e-mail. He didn’t want to respond until talking again with Weimann, so decided to escape. A day out with the family: coffee and muffins at the Kiptopeke Café, walking the dog on the beach, checking the progress of their yacht’s sanding and cleaning in preparation for next season’s coat of paint. Now Tindall had caught up with him. Outside of close friends, family and the President, only a handful of White House staff had his Cape Charles number.
Landry sighed. ‘I know what you’re going to say, Mark. He should have consulted you first. And I agree. I told him exactly the same. But he was deadset on making an announcement straightaway. Felt that it was best to hit the public while they were fired up. You shouldn’t take it personally. This was mainly a media and public opinion tactical move, not one driven by sound legislative principals.’
Tindall was quiet for a second. ‘You wouldn’t believe some of the calls I’ve been getting.’
‘Why do you think I dived away from the front line. I want Weimann to respond first on this. And if later I have to make comment, I want to know exactly what line he intends taking. This is his baby.’
‘Is that what you’re saying to me now, Andy? You can’t comment until you’ve spoken to Weimann.’ 
‘Of course not, Mark. I just don’t want to make any public or official comment – or for that matter say anything to half the Senators and Congressmen assaulting my e-mail since the announcement – that might end up in the press. Which narrows it down to a pretty small group, let me tell you. Pretty much the same group that have this number. So what do you want to know, Mark?’
‘Have you been through your e-mails?’
‘No. I scanned the first five or six, packed my bags and headed for the door.’ Landry felt the first twinge of alarm. ‘Why, is there one in particular I should be looking for?’
‘No, it’s more the general – or should I say underlying tone.’ Tindall paused. ‘If yours are anything like mine, more questions and curiosity than venting opinion. I had to call a few back to get that. I was particularly interested in the marginals we’ve buttonholed on this latest Cullen Bill extension. Three had e-mailed, four phoned, and I picked out another few to call back that I felt I could get away with disturbing on a Saturday morning. Not good. Not good.’
Landry was puzzled. Last time they’d spoken, Tindall thought that the bombing would help. ‘What’s happened? I thought that the bombing and all this right-wing militia outrage was meant to give Congressmen more assurance of strong constituency opinion behind them.’
‘With the for votes, yes. They’ll be even stronger now. But not with the marginals. Different ball game.’ Tindall described the level of horse trading that had gone on, much of it sold on this latest extension being the last in the line. ‘So, as you can imagine, last night’s announcement has gone down like a stripper at a Mormon convention.’
Landry immediately saw the problem, appreciated the urgency behind Tindall’s call. Eighty percent of their effort to ensure the safe passage of this latest extension had been with the marginals. 37 Congressmen and 5 Senators on Tindall’s list, 29/11 on his own, 19/14 on the President’s, and 58/22 on Pat Cullen’s to rally support from GOP marginals. The remaining twenty percent with pulling strings through Hearings and Rules through Erwin Peterson, Chairman of the House of Representatives Hearing Committee who had sponsored the Bill. 
Landry stroked his forehead. ‘Surely there’s a way of separating the two to our advantage. Putting a different spin on it.’
‘You tell me how. I’ve been contemplating just that the past eight hours. But it might be too late. The main trust’s probably already gone.’
Landry was silent, still mulling it over.
‘In your California constituency or in Maine, or right here in DC, no problem. But these Senators and Congressmen from Arizona, Montana and my home Texas – you have no idea what they face.’ The exasperation came through in Tindall’s voice. ‘Keeping guns from criminals and felons, okay. They can relate to that. But start to spread the net, and the dividing lines get muddied. Militias? Extreme they might be – but outside of a madcap handful that is usually confined to their views rather than their actions. Most of them are law-abiding. And now they’re more widespread: an increasing number of constituents know someone that’s a militia member. Some freckle-faced young cousin who looks like he wouldn’t harm a fly. These people see it as no more than weekend army practice, and they’re extremely patriotic. Eat blueberry and apple pie between each round fired. Suddenly they’re dubbed as no better than common criminals. Of course they’re going to protest to their local Congressman!’
‘Have they had many calls yet?’
‘The three early morning, no, didn’t mention it. But the others later were getting their lines jammed. Some PACs, but a lot of constituents. It’s starting to get busy out there.’
Landry closed his eyes briefly. A mess. A goddamn mess. ‘Surely if they’re re-assured that this is not a broad sweep against militias in general, Weimann was only aiming –’
‘I know, I heard it: militias who take, or incite, violent action against the State. Back to common criminals again. Those who take action adds nothing to the pot, since we can only enforce it after the event, same as now. And incite – now there’s a lovely, loose word. One that could have us wallowing in the statute books for the next decade.’
‘Exactly my words. You don’t need to tell me.’ Landry exhaled slowly. Tindall had the right to be angry. Five months of pulling favors, cajoling and ass-kissing to see the Bill to this stage, and it could have all have been thrown away. ‘As I said, Weimann’s just gone for the mainstream on this one. That seventy percent outraged by the bombing and screaming for urgent action, now. He’s been fishing for media sound bites and a rush public reaction rather than dotting his legislative i’s. No doubt you’ll get that pleasure later – if there is a later on this one. Unfortunately, he’s just looked at the upside, not the downside.’
‘Well, I can have the pleasure of telling him that too. While I’m dotting the i in shit.’ 
Landry chuckled edgily, cleared his throat. ‘Have you spoken to Cullen or Peterson?’ 
‘No. Cullen phoned this morning, left a message with my secretary. But I didn’t want to talk to him until I’d spoken to you. I’m surprised he hasn’t contacted you directly.’ 
‘He’s probably tried. Peterson too. I haven’t been through my messages yet. I’ll check as soon as we’re through.’ Eleven years now since Pat Cullen, GOP press secretary, had been crippled by an errant bullet aimed at his President. Now firmly entrenched as the ‘Ironside’ of gun control politics, every gun control Bill since 1996 had carried his name. ‘Pat will probably be getting an even stronger reaction from his Republican marginals.’
‘No doubt. I’m sure if he could raise from his wheelchair, that’s exactly where he’d like to give the President a swift kick – in the marginals.’
Landry risked a more open laugh; Tindall’s anger was obviously fading. ‘Why, he doesn’t need to when he’s got his wife at his side to do it for him.’ Grace Cullen had increasingly shared the campaign spotlight with her husband, no longer just pushed his wheelchair onto the rostrum. ‘What’s the downside on this? What are we facing?’
‘Out of six I managed to speak to from the eight, three are still solid, one’s definitely fallen out of the fold, and the other two are wavering. I fear we might have lost them too – but feel awkward telling me straight out. Want to let me down slowly.’
Landry did a quick calculation with a pen on pad to one side. Tindall was right. Not good. Not good. They might, if they were lucky, just scrape through the House of Representatives, but would stand no chance with the Senate where the higher three-fifths majority was required. 
The only remaining beacon of hope out of the mess of the bombings had been the additional support leant to future gun control legislation. Now that too was fast slipping away. All he could hope was Tindall had hit on an unrepresentative niche. The trend wouldn’t be widespread. 
‘Why don’t I make a few calls and see what my marginals are thinking. And if we are facing a problem, in the meantime see if I can come up with any bright ideas to turn it around.’
As Landry hung up, a flicker from a sail in the bay came through the window, reflecting a brief burst of winter light. Quickly gone, the grey blanket of cloud covering again. Fading hope. That was politics for you, he thought. One statement, a few words out of place, and the whole nature of the game changed.

Josette spooned half the tin of cat food onto the saucer. Zen, their grey Persian, rubbed affectionately against her calves as she crouched. Daniel doted on Zen; one of presents for his second birthday from her mother. Josette gently stroked Zen as he began to eat. 
‘Don’t worry, he’ll be home soon.’
Activity in the house the past two days had revolved around ensuring the cat was fed. Her mother had fed him the first night and the following morning, then the rest of the time Mrs Geisler upstairs.
Mrs Geisler had been a brick ever since they moved in just over a year ago. Touching seventy, blue-rinsed, twenty years widowed and uncertain on her feet – though obstinately refusing a walking stick – when they’d first visited to rent, the upstairs had been on offer. A mock colonial house built in the late 1940’s, the entrance to the first floor was separate; an outside narrow staircase snaked up the side from the ground floor veranda and then six steps to the small front garden. Because the land sloped slightly, the ground floor led out flat to the back garden.
Mrs Geisler had handled their first meeting as if Josette was applying for a job: what was her work, how many years, when was she separated, what made her look in the Silver Spring area, where did they live at present?
She’d kept the flat in Georgetown she shared with Sammy. It was fashionable, but expensive. She wanted to move further out so that Daniel could have the benefit of a garden. An area with more space and parkland. 
Double French windows looked out onto a quarter acre of immaculately flat lawn ringed with a mix of camellia and hydrangea; a spreading willow was the garden’s centerpiece. A gardener came every Thursday to tend and trim, Mrs Geisler explained. But Josette had noticed Mrs Geisler staring thoughtfully at the garden for a moment. 
Then a week before Josette was due to move in, Mrs Geisler phoned and offered her the downstairs, saying that she wanted young Daniel to have the full benefit of the garden. 
‘And I’d never forgive myself if he fell over on those steep side steps.’
Josette resisted, arguing that it would be equally difficult for Mrs Geisler. ‘Daniel will be fine, was much surer on his feet now.’ But Mrs Geisler was insistent. 
‘It’s already done. My things have already been moved upstairs.’ It was an early lesson that when Mrs Geisler had set her mind on something, there was no shifting her.
Every other week Mrs Geisler would tell her of somebody new and suspicious in the neighborhood. Josette was never sure if it was due to her work, something she was meant to note, or just part of Mrs Geisler’s one-woman neighborhood watch duty.
Home. Mrs Geisler, most of the furniture from the split with Sammy, a garden with a willow, a cat called Zen and... Her hand trembled as she put the half empty cat food can back in the fridge. A trembling which steadily gripped her whole body, and this time the tears came freely. Heart racking sobs rolled in waves through her, the first real catharsis. 
Her previous tears had always been with someone present: taxi drivers, her mother, Sammy. This was the first time in the past forty-eight hours she’d been truly alone, and as that solitude hit her – the empty house without Daniel – she finally gave vent freely, wholeheartedly. Crumbled under the cold grip of that emptiness and the flash memories: Daniel hugging the cat or running in the garden, his squeaky, high-pitched laugh as she tickled him and tumbled him playfully on the bed. The pent-up nerves of the past hours, the anger and frustration, the exhaustion – hardly any sleep the past two days – finally spilled over, her breath coming short as the sobbing gripped her harder.
Compound fractures, vertebraec misplacement, possible Grade 2 paralysis – the medical prognoses of the past hours still spun in her head. All she could think about was how she was going to negotiate the six front steps with a wheelchair. 
Two months in the wheelchair for the bone fractures and pins to sufficiently set, then another month on crutches. Whether or not Daniel was left with a permanent limp would depend on later re-constructive surgery and physio-therapy. The past thirty hours had been bad enough, and now months lay ahead of surgery and physio torture chambers.
Yet she knew she should be thankful. Only six out of the eighteen children had survived, and some of those had suffered far more horrific injuries than Daniel. One was still in a coma. 
She straightened up from leaning on the fridge, dabbed at her tears with the back of one sleeve. But what had started to burn through the pain and confusion was who, who? She’d spent the past years tracking bombers, mad-cap terrorists and militias, but all of it had been at arm’s length: cold facts in reports and on computer screens. Even the stark photos of the New Orleans wreckage had a faintly surreal, distant quality; they’d touched her without really reaching inside. But this now had crossed the boundary, reached deep inside her, ripped out her guts and trampled them on her own doorstep. 
Tony Anderson had told her to take at least the week off with compassionate leave. But she knew that after a night’s sleep – if she was able to sleep – and another hospital visit the next morning , she’d be back in the office by the afternoon. Sat at her desk and computer, eager to join Anderson’s team busy with hardly anything else the past forty-eight hours. Part of fifteen, and that in turn part of over two hundred deployed in Washington and beyond: the part she would play was small.
But she wanted to do this as much for herself. Personal vindication. She hadn’t been there when the bomb hit, had left Daniel alone in a nursery the past two years so that she could run off chasing bombers. The least she could do was try and make good on that part of her life: find whoever had done this to Daniel.

‘And everything’s here on this flash-stick?’ Cagill confirmed.
‘That’s it. All the files we want are there according to Milo. Plus a lot more we probably don’t want. All Andrew Landry’s past sins.’ Koenitz smiled briefly as Cagill tapped the stick thoughtfully. ‘Where’s Rowe?’
‘In Washington. There’s been a bit of backlash reaction to the President’s speech that’s worked in our favor. He’s in the NRA offices – a bit of networking to ensure it’s milked for all it’s worth.’ If all went well, they might not even need to use the stick-files till later. Insurance. ‘Despite the problems, you won through. That’s good.’
Koenitz looked back keenly. So Cagill knew, but there was no trace of a smile. He shrugged. ‘Seen tougher.’
Cagill cast his eyes down a fraction to where Koenitz sat, his expression concerned. ‘You want someone to look at that for you? I’ve got a couple of discreet physicians on call.’
‘No, it’s okay. I’ve got my own man. Thanks.’
‘Is he discreet?’
‘Yeah. He treats a lot of ex army and green berets. Some of them have crossed the line, pick up a bullet or two where they shouldn’t.’
Cagill nodded understandingly, then got up and went over to a drinks trolley to one side. 
‘Care to join me.’ He lifted out a bottle of Jack Daniels. ‘Your poison, I believe.’
‘Don’t mind if I do.’
Cagill poured three fingers each, passed Koenitz’s across, and sat back down. 
They were under a candy-striped outside awning. Smooth tabled lawn meandered gently down to a strip of mangroves and scrub pines. And beyond, the deep blue Gulf waters. In gaps between the mangroves and pines, Koenitz caught brief pink flashes of flamingos strutting in Cagill’s man-made lagoon. Halfway up the lawn, two peacocks fanned and preened. Cagill’s idea of heaven on earth. Gatsby, Florida style.
Cagill was wearing lime green slacks and a pink Lacoste polo shirt. Either he’d not long finished golf or he was trying to blend in with the lawn and flamingos, thought Koenitz. Sixty-two years old, Cagill’s original sandy hair was now almost completely silvered. Some age liver spots intermingled with the freckles on the back of his hands and arms. His sharp blue eyes always seemed to be focused on something distant; even when fixed on you Koenitz felt that they were searching for some point beyond or deep inside. Cagill scanned the horizon briefly before settling his gaze back on Koenitz.
‘Now that’s a bit more like it.’ Cagill watched Koenitz take the first swill. ‘I bet that–’ He faltered, realizing that a comment about it being better than rotgut vodka would give away how much Rowe had shared with him. It was important he put Koenitz more at ease. ‘–Well, I just bet that you’re glad to be back.’ Cagill looked around and raised his glass. ‘Civilization.’
After a brief silence, Koenitz asked: ‘When does Rowe get back?’
‘Couple of days maybe.’
Koenitz nodded. He was sure Rowe had kept away mainly to avoid a confrontation. ‘While telling you about the mess up in Moscow – I don’t suppose he happened to add that it was his fault?’
‘Not in so many words.’ Cagill leant forward. ‘But don’t worry. I’m an old fox at reading between the lines. I understand that one of the contacts didn’t show. Now that’s his responsibility. I told him as much, straight out. I don’t want any repetitions of that sort.’
‘Rather convenient that he isn’t here now to face me.’ Koenitz took another slug. His hand gripped tight around the glass. ‘Explain himself.’
‘Don’t worry, I think enough came out with me that he was embarrassed. Between you and me, I think he went to Washington with his tail between his legs.’
Cagill saw the trace of a satisfied smile cross Koenitz’s face, the first since his arrival. Cagill had laughed as much as Rowe at hearing the saga in Russia. But it was important that this situation between them didn’t escalate.
Chalk and cheese. The conflict had been there from day one. Rowe neat and dapper, with fresh ivy league looks except for a hook nose and deep hooded eyes from his Armenian father. The original family name was something unpronounceable with a Ro at the beginning and an iyan at the end, had been changed by deed pole by his father three decades back. Fitting in. Tall and elegant, almost six-two, Rowe was invariably immaculately turned out in Armani or Calvin Klein. Koenitz in contrast was broad and squat, a crew-cut teddy bear with not a soft edge or nuance in sight. T-shirts and bomber jackets or drill shirts with too many pockets. Koenitz never looked far from an assault course or firing range. Cold grey-green eyes which in some lights looked dull and lifeless, in others sharp and intense.
Washington activity or not, Cagill would have suggested that Rowe take a few days away. He didn’t want anything else – any hint of confrontation – distracting from the glory of the memory stick he now held in his hand. A collection of files which could crumble the White House. He might just as well have the Vice-President’s balls in his palm. 
Certainly, Koenitz appeared more at ease now. Cagill held up the flash-stick.
‘I’m sure you’re as keen as I to see what’s on this. Why we went to so much trouble.’
They went into Cagill’s study to look through the files on the stick. The ninth screen page brought up what Cagill was interested in, a color picture which almost filled the screen.
Koenitz was looking over Cagill’s shoulder. It took him a moment to recognize one of the faces: a young Andrew Landry from at least twenty-five years ago, lying in bed asleep, naked, with another young naked man at his side with one arm and a leg draped across Landry’s body. Cagill flicked forward and another similar picture appeared, slightly different angle and bodily positions.
Koenitz smiled slowly. This was good. Made the whole nightmare worthwhile. He obviously wasn’t the only one to have got it in the ass in Russia. 
‘Whose the handsome young stud?’
‘Russian naval recruit, from what I understand.’
Koenitz was mesmerized to the screen as more pictures scrolled down, warm gratification rising. He’d experienced a similar feeling only once before during the nightmare episode: bleeding over Milo’s car seat as they’d spun past Red Square, the stick firmly in his pocket. Looking thoughtfully at the onion domes of the Kremlin and contemplating not only what he’d achieved, but for the first time appreciating the benefits of perestroika. Ex-KGB doing business with the American far right. Unthinkable two decades ago.


Chapter 8

‘Is this all the marginals here? How many in total?’ Rowe asked.
‘One fifty-six. But there’s always anything from twelve to twenty who waver so much you can never tell. They tell our people, yes, we’re with you on this one. Then go the other way. Then there are all the no comments and non-committals. If we hit eighty percent and hit them effectively, we’re happy.’
Rowe looked down the list. Fairly even spread. The only States he couldn’t see represented were Montana, Arizona, Wyoming, Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Connecticut. Too committed one way or the other.
They were in a back room at the National Rifle Association’s Capitol Hill office on Ist St. Behind his desk, Carl Lennard scanned the same list with tamer interest. Produced two days before by his team, it was already indelibly imprinted on his mind. Lennard was a federal advocate heading the NRA team of five lawyers at 1st St. Six more were at their Fairfax head office, backed by another seventeen lawyers with varying skills: Constitutional and State law, regulatory and licensing, safety and standards. In turn backed by 81 lobbyists. A curious mix of seasoned PR specialists or industry lobbyists, law and political studies graduates, along with some of the brightest and best from regional NRA offices and rifle clubs.
Lennard’s army waging war against gun control legislation and the Cullen Bill.
Lennard knew nothing about the CRA and Cagill’s more clandestine activities. It was Cagill’s $800,000 annual NRA contribution that guaranteed Rowe an audience with Lennard anytime, anyplace.
‘How many have you won over?’ asked Rowe.
‘We’re just over a third of the way through the list, and the success rate so far is between forty-two and forty-six percent.’
‘And if that carries through the rest of the list, will that be enough to swing it?’
‘Close call with the House of Reps, could go either way. But we should have enough to crush them in the Senate. That’s the most important thing to keep sight of, that–’
A knock came at the door and a head peeped in. ‘Sorry to interrupt you, Carl. But I thought you’d want to know straightaway. We’ve won over Congressman Brindall, and Davies is swaying heavily. I think he’ll come over too.’
‘No, that’s okay. Thanks Mike. That’s good.’ Two die-hards Lennard didn’t think would budge. Things were looking better by the minute. He patted one hand on his desk. ‘Shall we join the battle-field?’
Rowe followed him out into the general office. The noise and commotion hit him as a solid sound wave. Thirty voices on the phone at the same time. An indecipherable babble at first, Rowe focused on a few close by. Some were straightforward, simply laying out the facts, other sickeningly fawning. Brown-nosing at fever pitch.
‘...I know. I quite agree. But what concerns us is that this latest extension will by no means be the last in the line. That next time...’
‘...I fully respect that. But I think what has to be looked at is what lies behind the President’s speech. Because when the last Cullen Bill extension came up, we were told...’
Lennard went over to an intercom with three headsets. Looking around briefly, he tuned into the conversations and picked one out. He flicked a switch and nodded for Rowe to pick up a headset. 
‘This should be interesting. Congressman Wyatt, Louisiana.’
‘...and if this latest extension is let through, then in future there’ll be nothing to stop future extensions. It’s setting far too dangerous a precedent. If we can halt that tide now, then–’
‘I know full well what you’re worried about,’ Wyatt’s gruff voice cut in. ‘And I appreciate it. But I’m afraid I’m not going to go with you on this one. We got twelve and thirteen year old murderers out there, and if I had my way the little fuckers would fry. But the bleeding hearts won’t let me do that, so the next best thing is to take their guns away.’
‘Always fun. Always colorful.’ Lennard smiled. ‘He’s also more irate than normal because a police officer in his home constituency was gunned down by a young offender. Needs to take a line to fit in with his band-standing planned for straight after the funeral.’
‘I absolutely see your point, Congressman Wyatt,’ the lobbyist fought back. ‘But with all due respect, the Cullen Bill is going to do nothing to take guns away from twelve-year old criminals. The minimal legal age in Louisiana has always been eighteen, but criminals will still as always get them through their own networks. But what it will do finally is take guns away from the rest of us trying to defend ourselves against the criminals – twelve-year olds or whatever.’
Wyatt chuckled. ‘I think I bought a used car from someone like you once. But where your argument falls down is that this latest extension specifically targets the criminal element.’
‘But is it going to stop there? Criminals, misdemeanors, now the President’s talking about a broad sweep against militias. These people trace their roots back to the Constitution and the very birth of the fight for this nation’s freedom and independence. If he can so callously target such a group, then none of us are safe. Whose next? Some religious sect perhaps or–’
‘Wouldn’t be such a bad thing. And not all the militias in my constituency are such boy scouts, let me tell you...’
Bravely fought, but Wyatt wasn’t budging. Rowe pulled off his headphones.
‘Is that your main argument?’ Militias now, tomorrow who knows?’
‘More or less.’ Lennard leant across another desk and passed across a flyer. It was headed: WE WERE RIGHT ALL ALONG!
A punchy three paragraph statement, it mirrored what Rowe had just overheard: militias first, next religious or political fringe sects, finally the average citizen. ....If this current extension is passed, next it will spread to misdemeanors and anyone who has a parking ticket. What’s becoming rapidly clear is that the widespread stripping of gun rights which has always been our concern will be implemented in stages, so as not to cause alarm...
‘That’s our lead home page on the net,’ said Lennard. ‘And we’re also e-mailing and faxing it to everyone we can. We’ve got responsibility here for most of Congress, and back at Fairfax they’re sending this to every gun club and regional NRA office, asking them to send it to their members. They’re in turn being urged to e-mail their local congressman or the Speaker of the House direct. And don’t forget, there’s a lot of other groups out there doing exactly the same. Gun Owners of America, 1776 Committee...’ Lennard smiled. ‘It’s going to take Jud Garnham and his staff till next Christmas to wade through it all.’
‘Three more!’ Mike shouted from across the room. ‘And one more hopeful.’
‘Great. Thanks.’ Lennard held a hand up. Mike was collating results from every caller as they came in and feeding it into the computer, Lennard explained. 
Lennard leant over a nearby terminal, tapping at the keys. ‘Now let’s see what that gives us overall and feed in Fairfax as well.’ Lennard grinned slowly as the figures came up. ‘Forty-three percent hit so far. And the success rate’s gone up to fifty-one percent. At this rate we won’t even have to wait for the Senate for a result. We’ll knock ‘em dead in the Reps next week.’
Rowe smiled and nodded. The buzz and excitement of the small room for the first time gripped him. One room fighting for the hearts and minds of America over gun control. The first spark in a chain of electronic messages spreading its tentacles far and wide across the nation. Heady, unreal. Six years of consistently losing their oppositions to extensions of the Cullen Bill, and now at last a victory was in sight. 
Rowe stayed another twenty minutes with Lennard, then phoned just before lunch to check progress. By then, fifty-two percent had been hit and the strike rate was up at fifty-six percent. They were on a roll. Hardly anything could stop them winning now.
The only twinge of disappointment about the impending victory was that now they probably wouldn’t need to bring Landry’s Russian files into play. Shame. He’d been looking forward to that.

‘Will my legs be okay?’
‘They’ll be fine, but it will take a while.’
‘But I can’t feel them now.’
‘That’s because of last night’s anesthetic. And this one now is in a cast. But you’ll feel them later.’ 
‘Will I feel them tomorrow?’
‘Yeah. For sure.’
Cute smile. So trusting.
And then when he’d asked how long it would take for him to walk again, and would he walk normal or ‘funny’ like Leon – a boy in their old Georgetown apartment block with a club foot –
‘You’ll be in a chair for a couple of months. Then crutches for a short while before everything’s fine.’ She left out the possibility of a permanent limp. His expression clouded slightly at the mention of chair. ‘Just think, you’ll get pushed everywhere for a while. We’re getting a special ramp put in by the front steps. We can whiz up and down, it’ll be...’ But she’d stopped herself short of saying fun. Another ‘...fine.’
That trusting smile back again. The first glint of light back in his soft brown eyes.
Minutes later she’d gone into a rest room cubicle, banging the side repeatedly. Anger more than tears. Raw. Burning. Anger. Lying to a three year old! But she knew that the truth would be too much for him. Operations, tests, x-rays, physio. Too complex. Even she didn’t know the whole truth. And the doctors were by no means sure. 
That was yesterday afternoon, and now it was another cold November morning. Another hospital visit. Josette headed downtown. Only three days since she’d taken the same route with Daniel in the back, playing with his toy giraffe. And again her thoughts drifted – as they had increasingly with the long hospital vigils or at home alone. Since seeing Sammy the day before, often the images in her mind were of the three of them together. Laughing and running at Rock Creek Park or along Virginia beach. Sammy swinging and twirling Daniel or playing baseball with him. At the park, at the beach. Running and laughing. And then her thoughts shifted to looking on at Daniel from the bedside after his ops. Still. Thoughtful. No more laughter. Soft tears ran down her cheeks as she drove downtown.
She stopped on Massachusetts Avenue before turning for the hospital, and picked up a Washington Post at a news-stand. She took the first few paces away slowly, browsing mechanically, skimming.
Then she remembered the personals, and flipped quickly to the back. She was halfway through her second scan of the page when she saw it: third column, seventh entry down. The first message in almost three weeks! Her heart pounded. She looked around for the nearest phone kiosk.

Vice-President Andrew Landry hit the phones at full tilt Monday morning.
He’d already phoned three Congressmen he knew well enough to disturb on a Sunday. Two were still with him, one was swinging over. The first indication of the fall out Tindall had flagged. But before he started panicking, he wanted to make a few more calls.
He gave a list of Congressmen he wanted to speak to directly to his PA, Jennifer, then split the rest of the list between his two main aides, Koupman and Bowers. Then he phoned to ask Tindall to continue working through his own list and they’d compare notes later.
Line 3 flashed on his intercom. Jennifer. He picked up.
‘Congressman Morley on the line for you, Mr Vice-President.’
‘John! Andy. Nice to speak to you again. You know we spoke a few weeks back about this latest extension to the Cullen Bill. We’re just having a final count of votes, and I understand from what you said that it was likely you’d be with us next week. So, shall I mark that down as a yes.’ The same assumptive stance as with his previous calls. He waited expectantly.
‘Yes, of course. I’m with you all the way.’ Tone as if quizzical why Landry had troubled to phone. ‘As I have been on all the previous extensions.’
‘Thanks, John. Good to know.’ He moved on to the next call. Three lights on his intercom were now flashing.
He confirmed two more yes’s before hitting a problem. Congressman Pendleton, Kentucky. 
‘We would both be kidding ourselves that the President’s little announcement last night hasn’t put a different light on everything.’
‘In what way?’ Landry played dumb. 
Pendleton stated that as far as he knew, the militias within his constituency were both law-abiding and strongly patriotic, so being dubbed as ‘criminals’ had caused obvious problems. 
‘And now the sports hunters and gun clubs are starting to panic. My e-mail and fax has been jammed solid the past twenty-four hours.’
‘But the two are separate issues. We don’t even know if what the President announced the other night will get near being proposed as a Bill. But what’s at issue now is a Bill that is clear-cut in hitting out only at convicted felons – nothing to do with militias whatsoever. A Bill that has already been through the milling process, and I might add hasn’t changed one iota since we last spoke and you offered your support.’
‘I’m sorry, Andy. But I was always borderline on this one. A lot of my constituents were already complaining about this being the thin edge of the wedge for future measures. And whatever the President’s final intentions, at first call it looks like he’s just confirmed that fear. I’m sorry to turn turtle on you, Andy, but I’ve got to go with what I believe to be the majority within my constituency. That’s what I’m in Congress for.’
Landry felt deflated. Two more yes’s lifted his spirits, but then he hit another no followed by a non-committal. Could swing either way.
He phoned Koupman, Bowers and Tindall to see how they’d progressed. Their fall-out rate was even higher: 39%, with 21% non-committal.
‘And the strike rates getting worse,’ Tindall lamented. ‘The NRA and every pro-gun group from here to Seattle’s been busy. Real busy. And it’s starting to have affect. We’re losing it, Andy.’
‘I know. I know.’ But there had to be something they could do. 
He did a quick calculation: 24% margin swing to lose it in the Senate, 43% in the House of Reps. His main worry over the weekend had been losing in the Senate in six to eight months time; but that margin was now well passed, practically out of reach. Now they only had to get a quarter of the non-committals swinging the wrong way, and they’d lose in the Reps. They could lose the vote next week!
The next few calls did little to raise his spirits. One yes, one non-committal, two no’s. By the third no, he was punch-drunk. He felt a dull pain at the back of his neck, and rubbed his forehead as the voice at the other end droned on about the marvelous lilly-white militias and gun sportsmen in his community. 
Eight years of sailing through Congress with the Cullen Bill, a few words out of place, and now it looked as if the whole tide might change. A precedent that would no doubt put heavier pressure and scrutiny on future extensions, might even sway the current Supreme Court ruling.
Congressman Oulton or Froley? He’d almost forgotten who he was speaking to. Asshole one or two? Patriot militias. Forthcoming extension worries. Constituency fervor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But halfway through the voice droning, the seed of a thought at the back of his mind suddenly leapt to the forefront. 
‘That’s exactly the point, Congressman Froley. I totally agree. Most of the militias in your constituency, as with so many other States, probably are true and law-abiding patriots and do not incite or promote criminal activity. But what we have to face is that there’s also an increasingly worrying fringe: people who’ll take those extreme views a stage further. Not only inciting violent action through circulars and the Internet – but by actually putting it into practice. As has been demonstrated by Oklahoma and now this current bombing in Washington. And it’s this element that the President wants to strike out against. He wants to make an example of them not just to send a clear message that criminal and terrorist actions, in whatever form, will not be tolerated – but so that this element don’t muddy the good name of other militias nationwide.’
‘Well...’ Froley faltered, was clearly caught off guard. ‘I suppose you have something of a point there. I’d never really thought of it quite–’
‘The last people the President wants to strike out against are true patriots,’ Landry pressed home. Seize the advantage while it was still there. ‘God knows, there are few enough of them. Dying breed. But what he wants to do is make a clear delineation between patriots and those who practice and preach terror under that banner. For the benefit of the true patriots as much as anyone else. And your constituents, I might add.’
Froley raised a few minor points, but it was mainly face-saving so as not to appear to about-turn too quickly. Landry phoned Tindall immediately. 
‘I’ve just swung Froley back.’ He explained the tactics he’d used. ‘It’s the spin we’ve been looking for: a pro rather than anti-patriot initiative, and less generalized. I’ll send something through before you speak to Pat Cullen and the President.’
Twenty minutes later he’d finished polishing it: four succinct paragraphs headed TRUE PATRIOTS? He gave copies to his aides and faxed Tindall, Pat Cullen and the President. Then he phoned Cullen and the President straight after and explained how their current dilemma had led to that proposed solution.
Under his instruction, the letter started winging out by e-mail and fax to every Congressman on their marginals list, 143 in total. Then the phones were hit again.
Out of the next five potential fall-outs, Landry pulled back three. He checked back with his aides and Tindall. They were finding the same. It was starting to swing back!
Within two hours, he was able to add input from Cullen and the President’s aides busily phoning out. He did a quick calculation. The no’s were down from 38% to only 21%. And non-committals from 21% to 12%. Landry’s hand trembled on the keys as he punched in the final numbers. Jeez, this was fun: politics on the wing. Kicking the NRA’s butt from here to Tallahassee!
By the end of the day, the no’s were just 17% and non-committals 9%. They’d done it! What that morning had looked hopeless had been dragged by its heels from the edge of the precipice. Landry looked thoughtfully beyond his desk: sixteen place mahogany conference table, portraits of past Vice Presidents and civil war heroes lining the wall, blood red carpet. Fitting battleground. 
But Andrew Landry was exhausted. His tie had been loosened halfway down his chest hours earlier, then tied around his head like some Cherokee warrior as he’d argued with a particularly obstinate Congressman. Now it was draped over the arm of his chair. He picked it up and dabbed at his brow. What a day.

The first wave of alarm hit Lennard’s office just after lunch: 57% to 51% in just twenty minutes! But he waited an hour just to make sure the new trend wasn’t just a temporary blip.
In that time, the hit rate had dropped another 8%, and falling! 
He fished out Rowe’s cell-phone number and frantically punched it out. It went into message service. He asked Rowe to call him back urgently, but with still no call back after half-an-hour he tried again. Still message service. 
Lennard glanced back at his computer screen as he hung up: 41%... 39%. He cradled his head in one hand.

‘Have you seen today’s Washington Post?’ Josette was still breathless from the short run to the phone when Tony Anderson came on the line. ‘Looks like another message from the Scribe. Does the code match?’
‘Yes I have, and it does,’ Anderson confirmed. Ten month’s ago the Scribe had provided a list of codes to prevent possible copy-cats. ‘We’ve been working on little else the past hour.’
‘What, without any assistance from me and my mother. How on earth yer’all going to cope?’
‘Look, you can cut the mock folksy. You know that’s too close to the truth for sarcasm. But I’ll make sure to drop Weaver a note that every new recruit is asked if he’s up on his Longfellow and Yeats.’ Anderson paused. ‘You sound better, at least. How’s everything?’
‘I slept. That’s about it.’ Her tone dropped, matching Anderson’s. ‘What else can I say.’ Then after a second: ‘Seriously, I think you can do with my help on this.’
‘I don’t want you even thinking about the office and work. You need time to yourself. Besides, we’re getting some help from CI.’
‘What sort of help?’
Anderson sighed. ‘It wasn’t my idea.’
‘What, Weaver’s?’
‘Yeah. He’s got some nerd developing a computer programme. Some wonder system that will cross-reference poetry lines. Literature reference has been left aside for now: too cumbersome to build an effective database. The kid’s been in the trench since first thing this morning.’
‘Computers and poetry? Sounds like an oil and water mix to me.’ Brief pause. ‘That’s it. You need my help. I’m coming in.’
‘Don’t you dare! You stay right where you are.’
‘Is that coming from Weaver too?’
‘No, that’s my order. Dr Anderson’s.’ His voice softened. ‘You know I can’t officially force you to stay away. But you need the time, Josey. I’m asking you as a friend, not your boss.’
She recalled the solitude of the house the night before. After three or four hours again at the hospital with Daniel, what was she to do? Return to the house and sit alone, dwelling. But probably to Anderson it seemed wrong her even thinking of work while Daniel lay half-crippled in a hospital bed. 
‘I can’t help him that way,’ she said. ‘I’m not a doctor. Sitting around at the hospital, I feel redundant, helpless. And it’s even worse at home. Everything around reminds me of Daniel – everywhere I look. Having watched over the carpenter to make sure he builds the ramp properly for Danny’s wheelchair, what do you want me to do, Tony? Watch endless game shows and soap operas? You think that’s going to help me?’ Her hand gripped tight on the receiver. ‘If I was there, I could help. I could really help. And even if I couldn’t, it would be part of the routine I’m used to. Something that didn’t remind that my life has suddenly been turned upside down.’
A slow sigh from Anderson. ‘You’re too close, Josey. If it was just for the routine, fine. But you need some time for perspective on this. Don’t you see that?’
‘A week? Perspective? Daniel’s going to be in and out of hospital and physio for months, and I probably still won’t have perspective a year from now. But I’m only talking about a couple of hours each day. Just a touch of routine and seeing the same old faces after spending most of the day at the hospital. Daniel at the hospital – alone at home without Daniel – I need something to break that up, Tony.’
‘Okay, okay. But just a couple of hours.’ Tired exhalation. ‘Probably a big mistake. I’ll get some asshole from counseling on my back about entering you into therapy. And do me a favor. Start tomorrow. Give yourself at least one day off.’
Josette deftly changed the subject. ‘Did you find anything at the computer company?’ 
The day before Anderson had told her they’d traced the source of the explosion to a computer recently out on maintenance. They’d started checking with the company used, CM Datasys in Anacostia.
‘No trace of a break in or tampering with their alarm system. But one of their technicians, Peter Nyman, has gone AWOL the last few days. We’ve checked with his family and friends. Nobody’s seen him.’
‘Could be something.’ Nyman? At least a name she could start with. ‘But let’s talk more later. See you at about four o’clock.’
Anderson was a beat slow responding to the sudden shift. ‘No, tomorrow! I don’t want to see you today.’
‘I don’t want to see you either, Tony.’ She chuckled. ‘But you’ve got me all intrigued with this new system. I just can’t wait to see it.’
She hung up before Anderson could respond. Routine to break her pre-occupation? All she could think of was getting into the trench to start tracking. But who was she fooling more: Tony Anderson or herself?

Steve Rowe had left his cell-phone in the changing-room locker while he had a swim and sauna at his downtown club. It was ringing as he approached the locker. He opened it and answered. 
‘I was trying to get hold of you earlier,’ Lennard said. 
Rowe started fishing his clothes out with his free hand. ‘Why? What’s wrong?’
‘Not long after we last spoke, things started slipping away a bit.’
‘What do you mean, a bit?’
Lennard explained the disastrous sequence of events. ‘By mid-afternoon we’d lost over half those who’d originally swung across.’
‘And now?’
‘Sixty-five percent fall-out. Maybe seventy.’
Rowe felt his stomach sink. Seventy percent swing in just a few hours? When he’d phoned earlier, victory had been firmly in sight. ‘How’s that possible?’
‘Late morning, somebody in the White House put a different spin on the President’s speech. And then they got busy. An hour or so ago one of my men managed to get hold of the fax they’re sending out. I’ve got it in front of me now.’
Minutes later Rowe was in a taxi heading to his hotel to pick up the fax. He closed his eyes briefly as the city flashed by, his pulse pumping at his temples. But at least he knew now what he’d probably have to do. Part of which brought a slow smile to his face.

The call came through on Landry’s direct private line. Probably the President or Tindall again. Everyone else that day had come through the main switchboard line. ‘Yes.’ 
‘Mr. Vice-President. What a pleasure.’
Landry didn’t recognize the voice at the other end. ‘Who is this?’
‘I simply want to say one thing: stop right now! Stop the activity to try and save this latest Cullen Bill extension.’
‘Who is this?’ Landry repeated.
‘I thought you were known for your quick wit and intelligent conversation. Is this the Vice-President I’m talking to, or a recorded message?’
Slow exhalation. Impatient. ‘Okay, get to the point. What do you want?’
‘What should be clear is that if I have this direct number, I know more about you than I should. A lot more.’ Rowe paused heavily. ‘Which brings me to my second point: the incentive for you to stop your initiative on the Cullen Bill: Moscow, March, 1978. Ring any familiar bells, Andy baby? Is that what your Russian friend used to call you?’
Landry went ice cold. Nobody could possibly have that information. He’d been assured it had been buried long ago. Never to re-surface. It was either a bluff or a joke. 
‘What is this, one of my old navy buddies put you up to play a prank? Because whoever you are, I don’t have the faintest idea what–’
‘Oh, but you do. You do. And I’ve got the flash-stick with the photos to prove it. Quite a cutie, that Russian cadet. Well toned, nice butt. But then you didn’t look so bad yourself, then. Way before all those deal-making lunches started spreading your waist line.’ Rowe waited a beat for it to sink in. ‘So shall we cut the crap, Mr Vice-President, and get down to business. Stop your people rallying support for next week’s vote – or the photos go public.’
Landry’s mind spun. He was still grappling with who and how, let alone balancing the fall-out of the demands against the threat. 
‘I can’t do that. It’s too late. Most of the support has already been rallied. If we phone back now and start back-tracking, it just wouldn’t–’
‘I don’t care how you do it. Just do it! Or wake up to pictures of you and your boyfriend in the Washington Post.’
The line went dead. Landry gently put back the receiver, his eyes lifting to the framed photos of his wife and three children at the end of his desk.


Chapter 9

Peter Nyman. Josette squinted closer as his loan details with the Bank of Virginia came up on her computer screen. 
Five days spent tracking. Most of her time the first days had been spent in the trench, but bit by bit she withdrew more to her own private cubicle. Today she’d spent nearly all her time there. Home strait.
Account No: 132-49687-561. Defaults: 3/1/96, 6/1/96, 8/1/96... Josette traced a pen along the screen: four more successive monthly defaults, then the dates for credit agency referral, loan foreclosure and court action. Trouble. 
Beyond her cubicle glass partition, Jason Ennis was still busy in the trench feeding in poetry – only 9,000 tomes to go – but was attracting less attention now. Betty Meineck talking to Myers and Vanderwert, Gerry Franklin in with Tony Anderson, Dave Haffner at a computer with two clerks; McInnes, Roffey and Mazzone the far end, and Linda Fulton in her cubicle. Quieter now after a hectic early afternoon.
Her view was clear through the glass except for some office papers and family photos blue-tacked in one corner: five with Daniel, three with her mother and Bernard, one with Sammy. As if arranged by importance. Some agents covered their glass partitions with maps and charts for more privacy, on others the amount of paper changed from week to week. Busy caseload or just more privacy weeks, it was difficult to tell. 
The condolences had come thick and fast her first day back, but particularly heartfelt from Gerry Franklin and Dave Haffner, her two closest section colleagues. 
Haffner had been her main team partner the past two years, and Franklin had been the first black face to greet her. Still now they were the only two Afro-Americans out of fourteen, and Franklin had been keen to point out why. Afro-American potted history of the FBI: how Hoover, partly due to his phobia about black protest groups – the Eldridge Cleavers and Malcolm Xs of the 60s – had kept the FBI lilly-white. Only 28 black agents out of a total complement of 6,014. Females, he pointed out, hadn’t fared much better: only 6% of the total workforce. Both were better represented now: 17% Afro-American, 19% female.
‘But it’s been hard fought, and in some areas we’re still considered the ‘tokens’. Just there to make things look evenly balanced. You bust your butt for that promotion, and then some bright ass comments that you only got it because you’re black. They need a minority to stick on the pedestal just to make things look right. Make up for lost time.’
Double disadvantage. At times Josette had felt its crushing weight. The concrete bunker facade on Pennsylvania Avenue, and then the many internal concrete bunkers, politic and protocol levels. Perhaps why she’d fought so hard to dazzle where she could: first languages and experience of foreign cultures, and now, with the help of her mother, superior knowledge of literature. Almost a cry for help: don’t pigeon hole me, slot me away.
Dave Haffner had been far less political. A gangly six-three with short wire brush brown hair and square steel rimmed glasses, serious internal comment invariably made Haffner head for safer general ground: Washington social scene, Creole cuisine, latest news items. Often insightful or humorous, she noticed Haffner had the habit of touching his glasses just before coming out with anything profound. 
Haffner was also the only one in their section to have direct bomb experience, having had three years as a BD expert with the FBI’s rapid start team before transfer: a detonator had ignited and removed half of a finger. Haffner was at that time recently married and his wife pregnant; the Bureau jumped quickly for excuses to shift married men from BD duty. 
Josette flicked down to the next page on screen.
Peter Nyman’s marital complications. Married at nineteen, divorced at twenty-three. Three court orders for back maintenance, demands from VISA and AMEX followed by card withdrawal and court action dates. A trail of financial disaster.
All cleared in the four or five months leading up to the ATF bombing.
She’d gone out with Haffner to Nyman’s office and warehouse, CM Datasys at Anacostia. No, Nyman didn’t have any unusual or extreme right-wing allegiances as far as they knew. Though he was quiet, anything was possible, the technical manager conceded. No signs of recent break-ins and the alarm system and security-cam surveillance was 90% effective.
‘What do you mean, ninety percent?’ Josette picked up.
He pointed out two minor blind spots. ‘But a fresh intruder would have no idea. Only those working here know.’
They’d checked on the computer for any right-wing or militia links with Nyman. Any hint of anti-racism or anti-communism. Any gun or rifle club memberships? Probably too easy a find: Nyman linked to a militia group, then hitting gold with their more extreme members. But they’d found nothing. Nyman didn’t even have a gun personally registered.
Through the glass partition, she was aware of someone looking at her, and focused: Ennis. She’d been staring blankly ahead. Tight smile in response from Ennis as she nodded and looked back down.
They’d made peace now. When he’d first demonstrated his wonderful system for cross-referencing poetry lines, she’d given him a hard time. Romanticist, Modernist, Renaissance, Augustan, Deconstruction, Post-Movement, Imagism, Vorticism – over half the list was yet to feed in. ‘And what about the nuances and underlying interpretations?’ 
Ennis had looked at her quizzically; either trying to grasp the relevance or unsure whether they were two fresh category headings. 
She wasn’t being difficult. The way the Scribe mixed half-lines with his own text or relied on allegory or subtle word inter-plays – it would be hard to pick up on a straightforward computer search.
Predictably, the latest entry from the Scribe hadn’t shown up. Ennis looked perplexed. 
‘Is it Romanticist, Renaissance or Augustan, do you reckon? I haven’t entered many Augustans yet. I’ve only been able to get a small part of them on CD.’
‘I think I’ve seen something at K-Mart. George Burns reads your favorite Augustans.’
A few hours later she’d felt guilty and brought Ennis a coffee as a peace offering. Realized she’d felt threatened by the possible side-lining of her own input as much as railing against the system’s absurdity. Besides, it wasn’t Ennis’s fault. Part of Weaver’s new technical support army thrust into battle on his latest whim. Something not working? Throw in an extra network or search system. 
By the end of the day her mother had tracked the reference and come up with an interpretation. She didn’t want to revive any antagonism with Ennis, so went straight to Anderson. 
‘I think it means that he’s screaming innocence. That we’ve got it wrong connecting him with these last two bombings.’ Josette went through the verse over Anderson’s shoulder:
Yet for all that a stormy blast
Had overturned this goodly day;
Unjust, unjust. As with the wake of Boleyn.
 Look not here for the wrongdoer.
‘The first two lines are from the original, Sir Thomas Wyatt’s. The second two have been added by the Scribe. But only if you know about Wyatt’s personal life do they take on some significance. He was falsely accused and imprisoned for having an affair with Anne Boleyn.’
‘And do we just accept the Scribe’s word, or wait for a sign from God?’
They didn’t have to wait long. The sign came at 6.14 am two days later: a letter bomb in the ATF offices in Phoenix, Arizona. The Skyward Building. Same MO as before: letter bomb with a delayed reaction, no death or injuries, extensive paperwork and file damage only. It looked likely that ‘blinding skyward light’ wasn’t a plane bombing reference after all. They’d probably got it wrong linking the Scribe to the New Orleans bombing.
And so now Josette was back in front of her screen. More tracking. A computer technician in hock and a poetic bomber protesting that he damaged property, not lives. Not much of a start.
But overriding was the thought that while little of value had so far come up, whoever had targeted Nyman as an ideal soft option for a bribe had probably followed much the same trail as them. They were obviously good at tracking files and uncovering background details.

Andrew Landry walked into the House of Representatives forum with his PA Jennifer and aid Koupman. His two Secret Service shadows were left by the guards at the entrance to Congress.
Busy morning. Important vote. Landry quickly scanned around the semi-circle and saw few absentees. Probably 420 to 425 present.
Speaker of the House Jud Garnham was also present, he noted. Surprisingly anti-gun for a Tennessee’n, Landry had expected his presence. Garnham had voiced his stance too strongly in the past to duck out at the last call.
Landry took a seat at the end of row 11, with a clear view of an electronic voting screen in the aisle. 44 voting registry terminals in total, the Congressmen’s ID cards would be slotted in, yes or no pressed, and the screen would automatically display the running totals. Fifteen to twenty minutes to get all the votes in, some final checking by the tally clerks, and then Garnham would formally announce the result. 
All too familiar to Landry, not only from the four years he’d spent in the House, but because of the not dissimilar process in the Senate, which he Chaired. Months of battling through Hearings and Rules, the thousands of phone calls and e-mails, a mountain of manpower and dollars spent on rallying support or lobbying against – and suddenly everything funneled down to twenty minutes of frantic voting. Life or death. Only Landry now was praying for death, yet nobody knew it.
He glanced anxiously at the tally screen: 48 yes, 34 no. Too early to judge any serious trend. He watched the votes clicking up: 50 yes, 51, 52, 54. No’s: 35, 36... 38. Then sticking while the yes’s raced ahead. Things didn’t look good.
Confusion of activity as Congressmen milled around, slotted in their cards, voted, huddled conversations in small groups mostly around the tally terminals. A few smiles in response from Landry as familiar faces nodded across or lifted an acknowledging hand.
The tally screen flicked irrepressibly up: 68, 69 yes; 47 no. Landry closed his eyes.
After the call, Landry had simply stopped canvassing support. He hadn’t called anyone back to try and reverse their decisions yet again; simply couldn’t think of a way of doing it convincingly. But he hadn’t canvassed any more no’s. Those out there would hopefully still be there. And when Tindall had called and mentioned eleven on his list were proving difficult to get hold of, he’d commented, ‘I think we’ve already done enough to swing it.’ 
He wasn’t sure if Tindall had continued or not. But how could he have pressed the point stronger and stayed credible? And now he feared that that passive stance just wouldn’t be enough. They’d probably already swung the vote back. He opened his eyes slowly.
124 yes, 125. 111 no, 112. He did a quick mental calculation. The no’s were starting to creep back! 113, 114. For the moment the yes’s were remaining static.
‘Andy. See you’re here for the kill.’ Landry’s view of the terminal was suddenly blocked. A hand on his shoulder. Pete Washbourne, Idaho; one of the yes’s who’d stayed solid throughout. ‘Witness the coup de grace of all your good work. Hear it was a bit of a scramble last week.’
‘Yes. It looked close at one point.’ But all he could think was, move! Move! Couldn’t one of the thinner Congressmen have come by to congratulate him? Washbourne’s stomach spilled in folds over his trouser belt. Landry tried vainly to look round him. Washbourne moved slightly. Landry caught a glimpse of no’s at 122, but couldn’t see the yes’s before Washbourne shifted back.
‘Something troubling you?’ Washbourne’s expression fell slightly. ‘I thought you’d be grinning and champagne popping by now.’
‘No, no, it’s okay. Just an anxious moment, seeing which way things will swing. Anything can still happen.’ Landry forced a smile.
‘Why, stop worrying. Looks like it’s going to be a roust.’ 
Landry saw the yes’s up at 172, no’s at 128 as Washbourne stepped back and held one arm out like a game-show compare. Landry’s stomach sank, but still he held the same tight smile as Washbourne grinned and nodded. 
‘See.’ 
‘Yep, looks like it,’ he said.
The no’s rallied a bit, moving rapidly up to 150 as the yes’s notched up the next ten votes slowly.
‘Done your vote yet, Pete?’ Congressmen Frith by the voting terminal. As Washbourne shuffled across to talk to him, thumbs up from Frith towards Landry. ‘Going well, Andy. Looks like you did a good job on more than just me.’ Frith was one of those he’d fought hard to convince.
Landry wished now he hadn’t come. Familiar faces, colleagues, a few he might even term as friends. A place where he normally was comfortable, at ease, felt suddenly hostile. The room started to press in. The noise. The clamor. The voting cards slotting in, each button pressed signing his death warrant. 
191 to 158. Only 80 or so votes to go. It was practically all over. The no’s would have to notch up at least seventy percent of that to stand a chance. 
The photos would appear in the Washington Post the next morning, and his career would be finished. Eighteen years in politics, four years of it spent daily in this very room. Ironic. His eyes drifted to the high-domed ceiling, recalling his first day of walking in the room, a fresh and idealistic thirty-eight at the time. The feeling of warm gratification that had washed through him; a sense of having arrived, belonging. And now it was all to end tomorrow. Now the bustling activity no longer felt exciting, but clamoring, confusing. Alien. He wondered how many of those smiling and nodding acknowledgement would still be smiling when they saw the photos. He rubbed his forehead. A dull ache gripped the back of his neck, the clamor of the room seeming to echo around him. 
204 to 164. Hardly any chance of reprieve now. He loosened his tie a notch. His palms were damp, beads of sweat massing on his forehead. He was suddenly hot all over, his shirt clammy against his skin. His head was spinning. The heat. the noise. The votes clicking up, up – he had to get away!
He stood up abruptly. Jennifer and Koupman quickly fell in step behind. 
More nods and smiles, pats on his shoulder as he made his way briskly through the throng.
‘Well done, Andy.’
‘Aren’t you staying for the final count-up and announcement, Andy?’
‘No, no. Got to be somewhere else, I’m afraid. But looks like it’s in the bag anyway.’ His smile now aching, threatening lockjaw.
209, 210... 212. He tried not to see, but still he caught glimpses from other voting terminals between the people he pushed hurriedly past. His eyes drawn back against their will, morbid fascination as he watched the countdown to his own demise.

Tony Anderson didn’t pin any photos or papers to his glass partition. He wanted a clear view of the trench at all times. Papers were pinned to a bulletin board, photos neatly framed by his fishing trophies on top of his desk side cabinet. A keen sports fisherman, every year Anderson went down with some buddies to Key West. Two weeks pulling hard on an anchored rod from the back of a speeding boat, cheroot perched in the corner of his mouth like some latter-day Hemingway. Among the family snapshots, some photos were also of Anderson’s fishing expeditions: proudly holding up a yellowfin tuna stretching from his shoulder to his ankles while a smiling friend tipped a can of beer over his head. 
Josette heard that Anderson’s divorce four years ago had been brutal. Still, three photos of his ex were intermingled with those of his two daughters, nine and thirteen. Despite the macho image, he was obviously more forgiving than herself, she thought.
‘Do you think it will work?’ Anderson asked.
‘My instincts say, yes. But we’ve got little to lose if it misfires. And if it works, it could give us the breakthrough we’ve been looking for.’
Anderson fingered his moustache. ‘But what if we lose the Scribe. If he decides not to play, he might frighten off. Stop sending messages altogether. We’ll end up with nothing on both fronts.’
‘But we’re not getting anywhere with the Scribe anyway.’ Josette leant forward, as if to ensure being heard above the muted hubbub from the trench through his office glass. ‘He just feeds us some lines every few weeks or months, then sits back and smiles while we try to unscramble his clues before the bomb goes off. It’s a game to him. He never gives anything away about himself; with each clue we learn nothing new. If we changed the rules, pushed him in an unfamiliar direction, he might give something away about himself at the same time. A double whammy.’ 
Anderson was still thoughtful. 
The thought had hit Josette while working on the Scribe’s latest message: using the Scribe to try and track the second bombers. Set a thief to catch a thief. After weighing the pros and cons, she’d shared the idea with Anderson. She quickly supported her argument before Anderson’s enthusiasm waned. 
‘He’s upset that he’s been confused with these current bombers and labeled a murderer. That comes through clearly in his last message. And if there’s any chance of capitalizing on that, it’s now!’
‘What makes you think he knows anything, or cares. Now he’s made his point, he might just ignore the whole thing and continue with his own campaign.’
‘That’s the risk we take. And perhaps you’re right – he knows nothing. But he cares. Oh, he cares. Tracking him now these past eighteen months, I’ve got to know him better than at times I feel comfortable with. And while he’s busy showing us how much he cares, it will at least give pause in his own campaign.’
‘What if he gets upset at being questioned, tested. Goes the other way. Escalates his bombing.’
‘Unlikely.’
‘–Or what if these second bombings are him. Then of course he’d go along with us – send us in the wrong direction.’
Josette could tell it was a curve ball. Anderson was testing every angle. She doubted Anderson really suspected the Scribe was responsible for the second bombings. She just smiled.
Anderson opened out his hands. ‘You believe him, don’t you?’
‘Yes, I do. And I think he’ll be upset when we make out as if we don’t believe him. He’ll feel as if he’s lost an ally. More outrage. We can feed on that.’
‘Ally? That’s not exactly the word I’d use.’
‘Think about it, Tony. He’s so meticulous: delayed reaction explosions, the letters by that time neatly filed away so that nobody gets hurt. And then someone else comes along, and boom! Messes it all up.’ She glanced to one side for the right anomaly. ‘It’s like when you were a kid and you’d set out a board game neatly. And then your brother or a friend spoil it all, don’t play properly, scatter all the pieces. And worse still, when your mother comes in, she blames you for the mess. That’s what the Scribe feels like now. As if someone else has come along and messed up his neat little board game. And that’s why, right at this moment at least, we might, just might stand a chance of him helping us pin who it is.’
Three internal profiles so far. Loner. Right wing allegiances; but probably in thought and spirit only. Not part of any organized group. Experienced chemicals and explosives technician. Interest in literature and poetry; yet his own inventiveness is equally as important. Rubbing shoulders with the famous and immortal, becoming part of their work. Possibly a frustrated poet and writer who has never gained the acclaim he feels is due. Sensitive. Renaissance intellectual: trying to prove how clever he is on different fronts; both technically and as a wordsmith. Or is the poetry, as with the Unabomber, some hint of a bygone age. Reminder of things lost in the new technical age? 
But she’d also developed her own feel for the Scribe with each new verse deciphered. The time and trouble he put in. Small, obscure companies chosen from whom the ATF or Treasury might expect excise correspondence. The delay reaction chemicals infused in a logo or the letter itself. Then the verse carefully selected and his own words seamlessly interwoven. 
‘He’s caring,’ she said, and saw Anderson raise an eyebrow. Strange description for a serial bomber, but suddenly it felt right. ‘All the trouble he’s gone to not to harm people – and suddenly two hundred and fifty are killed within a week. The new barbarians on the block. Three years spent cultivating a specific stance and image, and suddenly it’s threatened. That’s why if we make out we don’t believe him, that we think this is the new Scribe – he’ll fight back for that image. He’s invested too much to just let it go.’
Anderson shrugged. ‘But you’ve read the profiling. He’s a loner. He might be so far cut off from any right wing groups that he simply doesn’t know anything. Can’t give us any clues, even if he does want to play ball.’
‘He aims only for ATF offices, that much he’s got in common with militias and right-wingers.’ She held out a palm. ‘Maybe we’re wrong: he is acting for a group, or at least belongs to one and this is some side-freelancing. Or perhaps he was part of a group early on before deciding to break away and do his own thing. Who knows? Point is, he’ll be keen to play. And we’ve got nothing to lose.’
Anderson looked at her levelly for a moment before letting his gaze drift to the trench beyond his partition glass. Had she done enough to sway him?

Probably just a hoax, a bluff. The only thought to have helped Andrew Landry remain sane the past twenty hours. But now he would know for sure.
His hand trembled as he opened out the Washington Post. Sat in the back of the stretched black Lincoln, he glanced cautiously at his driver ahead as he leafed through: page one, nothing. Page two, three. Nothing, nothing. Four, five, six, seven. Still nothing. By pages eight and nine, he started to feel the first wave of hope that perhaps it wasn’t there. But still he flicked frantically through the remaining pages, checking and scanning, before finally closing the paper and folding it over again. He let out his breath slowly, closed his eyes. Felt his racing nerves start to settle back. 
Normally he waited till he got to his White House office before reading the papers. The Post would be there with the Herald, the New York Times and all the other majors, alongside his morning mail.
But other people could have seen the story first. He couldn’t bear the thought of walking along the corridor to his office with all those knowing, lingering looks and subdued coughs. He’d asked his driver to stop off at a news kiosk; something urgent he wanted to check before the office.
If it had been there, he’d have asked the driver to head off somewhere else. A park maybe, the Lincoln Memorial, a moment’s reflection by the Reflecting Pool. Quiet thoughts, fresh air and interminable pacing while he worked out what he wanted to do with the rest of his life.
He’d successfully avoided any calls the day before and asked Jennifer to carefully monitor everything. He gave her the same instruction when he arrived: 
‘I won’t be taking anything directly again today. Take all names and numbers. If anyone hangs up when you ask, let me know. I’ll phone back anyone that I need to speak to.’
The day went well. Nobody suddenly hanging up, nothing suspicious – until mid-afternoon. His call back to Senator Eberle. ‘Tim, what can I do for you? You called earlier.’
‘Not that I recall.’
‘One of your aids, your secretary perhaps?’ Landry tried to keep the surprise out of his voice.
‘No, they wouldn’t have called without my instruction. And I’ve given none.’
Landry felt a chill run down his spine. He covered quickly, saying that it was probably his own secretary’s mistake; then briefly discussed a recent troublesome Senate debate and whether he might be attending a golf tournament Eberle was organizing before signing off.
Perhaps the photos had been sent by post rather than messenger, only arriving today for tomorrow’s paper. And his caller had decided to pose as Eberle when he couldn’t get past Jennifer. 
His nerves were back on edge again, and for the rest of the day the minutes dragged. He found himself clock-watching, pacing. Wanting to know, not wanting to know.
His wife Maggie was picking up the kids from school and heading straight down to Cape Charles for the weekend. Perhaps he’d leave early as well. Escape. Each call announced by Jennifer set his nerves jumping. What if it was another false name, but this time with the rogue caller’s own number or some anonymous phone-booth. 
He started asking Jennifer, ‘Are you sure that’s Senator so and so’s number?’ Before realizing how ridiculous he sounded, the depths of his paranoia. He stuck it out till 4.40 pm before packing his briefcase and heading for the door.
He took his cell-phone but kept it off, and instructed his driver that he was taking no calls either on the car phone. He had some important papers to work through en-route. But he sat for most of the journey with a folder on his lap, unseeing. Scanning without hardly taking in a word. He looked up only briefly as they crossed the bridge to join the Anacostia freeway, wondering whimsically if that might be his last view of the city for a while.
If the photos did appear the next day, perhaps he’d head straight out on holiday somewhere. A month away in Indonesia or the South Seas while the dust settled, his resignation sent by fax from some beach resort. It was easy to think there was nothing to worry about while wearing shorts, the warm sand beneath your feet and the sound of gently lapping waves. Then he came back sharply to the cold Virginia night, the only brightness from oncoming headlights picking out raindrop pearls on his limousine’s side window.
Gail, only seven, was the first to greet him excitedly, jumping up into his arms. ‘Daddy, daddy!’ He swung her around and kissed her on the cheek. Blonde hair tied in bangs at each side, big green eyes like her mother. Adam came up to his side and he gave him a hug and ruffled his hair. Eleven now, too big and grown up to swing around and kiss. 
‘You want coffee? It’s freshly made ten minutes ago.’ Maggie’s voice from the kitchen.
‘Yes thanks.’ He put down his briefcase, then Gail with a last kiss, and stood by the doorway as she poured.
White shorts, pink halter top. Corn-blonde hair not quite as light as Gail’s. But she still looked so youthful, he thought. Her figure trim, the only hint of her age a few lines around those piercing, knowing eyes. Good strong, dependable Maggie. She’d have known what to do. Only he knew that he could never tell her. 
Thirteen years younger than him, they’d originally met at a Washington charity ball during his third year in Congress. Second marriage, she’d dusted him off and put him neatly back together after the four year disaster that was his first marriage. His first family, a son, was already in his last year at Princetown.
‘I’ve got a few papers to work through this weekend, so I’m not taking any calls unless they’re absolutely urgent.’ He gave her the same screening process as Jennifer, and turned away just as he saw an eyebrow raise. Didn’t want to get caught up in explaining.
Safety of his study. Door closed. Phone unplugged. More files opened and papers scanned without hardly registering.
Just over an hour later, Maggie put her head around the door. ‘More coffee?’
‘Thanks.’
He hardly looked up from the papers in front of him as she set the cup down. But sensing her hovering, curious, he eased a sigh.
‘Sorry, I’m not good company. Complex couple of Senate debates next week, and I’m behind on the paperwork.’ He pinched the bridge of his nose. ‘I’ll break the back of it tonight so that most of tomorrow’s free. We can head off somewhere.’
‘That’s okay.’ She touched his shoulder, and he felt the gentle stroke of the back of her hand against his face. ‘No calls yet, anyway.’
He still felt the tingle of her touch lingering when she’d gone. God. He closed his eyes, felt the weight of the nightmare pressing back in. Hiding among his papers was hardly helping. He forced himself this time, tried hard to focus and absorb the words before him. Bury himself in the mundane and familiar. Forget. 
Deficit financing debate. Treasury report on bond financing and indirect taxation. At length, the turning pages picked up momentum.
‘Telephone, Dad.’ Adam standing by the doorway.
A while must have passed since Maggie had come in; the quarter cup of coffee he’d left was now cold. ‘Where’s your mom?’
‘In the conservatory.’
Her new obsession with cacti and tropical ferns. Obviously she hadn’t heard the phone from there. ‘Who is it?’
‘The President.’
Landry’s heart sunk. His caller probably knew it was one of the only names that would get him through. As he realized he was staring at Adam searchingly, and the boy’s lost look in return, his anger rose. Damn him! Now it was starting to involve his family. 
‘Yes?’ Questioning tone. Poised to slam the receiver down.
‘Is that your young boy? Sounds quite grown up.’
Landry eased his breath as he recognized Weimann’s voice. Landry said that he was eleven now, just started High school, which invited some comment from Weimann about his own two boys and how quickly they grow up, before getting to the meat of his call: the recent Cullen Bill announcement. 
‘I hear my speech ruffled a fair few feathers in some quarters. But it’s gone down a treat with the liberals, and I think we should start building on that.’
Typical, thought Landry. Looking only at the upside. Everyone around him had hardly finished sweeping up after the last disaster, and already he was heading for the next. But he was the President; his prerogative. ‘In what way?’
‘I want us to look closer at what we fell down on and where we scored. I was planning for say, next Wednesday or Thursday with yourself, Pat Cullen and Tindall for initial tabling and assessment. I’d like everyone to come with independent notes. I want three different, fresh views on this, not a line of heads all nodding and agreeing on the same points. I think that’s the only way that–’ Weimann’s voice faded, muted ‘yes, yes’ in the background. ‘... Sorry, Andy. Something I’ve been waiting on incoming. I’ll phone you straight back.’
Landry waited by the phone. Gail in the far corner watching TV, but no sound; Adam had respectfully turned it down as soon as he’d walked in. Adam looking between the on screen pictures and a book: The Lost World. Light on in the conservatory beyond: Maggie still watering, preening.
It rang again. Less than a two minute gap. ‘Hi, Larry. You were saying.’
‘Nice to hear I’m worth such a familiar greeting. But never did like that name. Larry?’
Landry went rigid. He recognized the voice instantly. ‘What do you want?’
‘Sounds reminiscent of our last conversation. What’s next: who is this? again. Can’t we start having a more meaningful relationship, Andy? We’re friends now – you should ease up a tad, unclench those ass cheeks. Try and talk more freely.’
Landry didn’t respond. His hand gripped tight on the receiver; part of him wanting to slam it down, part held by the voice. Curious. 
‘I thought we had an understanding.’ The teasing tone was suddenly gone. Flat, cutting. ‘I warned you, laid it all out for you, but you just wouldn’t–’
‘I tried,’ Landry cut in. ‘I started making calls back, but it did no good. We’d already swung things too far the other way.’
‘Obviously you didn’t try hard enough. And I did my bit. Gave you fair warning. We missed last night’s print deadline, but tonight’s another matter. Tomorrow morning you’ll–’
‘No, no... don’t do that! I’ve told you, there was nothing I could do.’
‘Too late. They’ve been sent. The Post’s editors will already have the photos in front of them. No doubt getting a few laughs from their office staff and secretaries before letting the rest of the nation share the joke.’
Landry felt himself crumble; the pent up nerves and hope-against-hope of the past long hours finally slipping away. It was over. His mouth suddenly dry, he was unable to respond to his caller’s mocking sign off: 
‘Now you have a nice day tomorrow, yer hear.’
Lifting his eyes from the dead receiver, he was aware of Adam looking over concernedly above his book, and realized he’d probably raised his voice at one point. Gail was still watching the silent TV, oblivious.
Landry patted the table by the phone and forced a smile. ‘Politics,’ he said.

Landry hardly slept that night, three hours at most. Slipped out of bed at 5.48 while it was still dark, made coffee, and by 6.30 was down as the news kiosk by the boatyard picking up the Washington Post.
Repeat of the previous morning, flicking frantically through. Nothing, nothing, nothing! Then the final, overwhelming relief. Though this time he laughed out loud, a solitary figure by the deserted boatyard in a Navy Seals jacket bellowing defiantly against the cold wind whipping up from Chesapeake Bay.
The thought that it was all a bluff, a hoax, resurged. Though stronger now, before it had just been a vague, desperate hope. Two days with nothing: now it was a definite possibility. The only other possibility was that the photos had arrived but the editor was busy conferring with the paper’s lawyers, measuring all possible repercussions before going to print.
But this time, unlike the day before, he couldn’t wait to know which. The few hours out with his family, he kept his cell-phone on. And when back at the house, he stayed mostly in his office. Waiting, expectant.
The call didn’t come through till nearly eight o’clock.
‘Exciting, isn’t it? Getting you to pick up the Washington Post every day.’
‘How do I know you’re not bluffing? That in fact you might not have any photos’
‘Or that I might be working for the Post’s subscription department.’
Muted chuckle from Landry, despite himself.
‘But good point,’ Rowe said. ‘Give me a secure mail number and I’ll send you a copy.’
The voice sounded confident; the hope of it being a hoax started slipping away again. Secure mail numbers. His Cape Charles number. How much did this man know about his own and general White House activities? He gave his Naval Observatory address and a number that would ensure the package came straight to him rather than being checked first by the Secret Service.
‘But that’s not the reason the photos didn’t appear,’ Rowe said. ‘We decided to give you another chance. Show you that we’ve got some heart. Now here’s what we want you to do...’


Chapter 10

Josette followed the imaginary line of Dr Gary Ebdon’s pen on the backlit X-rays.
‘The main problem we’ve encountered is here, between these two vertebrae, L3 and L4, and these nerves – the obturator and the lateral cutan.’ Ebdon faltered, noticing Josette’s eyes mist at the technical descriptions. ‘These two nerves here. These are vital.’ Ebdon tapped the area on the X-rays for emphasis.
Josette nodded. Ebdon continued. 
‘The operation on Daniel’s legs went well, and in a couple of months new bone tissue should have successfully knitted around the left femur and fibula on the right.’ Ebdon patted his own leg. ‘Upper left thigh and right calf. But with the vertebrae sections we weren’t so lucky. L3 is okay, but can you see the slight slant here on L4?’
‘Yes, I see it.’ Josette sat up. Sudden unease that unlike her previous four meetings with Ebdon, this wasn’t purely instructional, it was heading somewhere.
‘We had hoped that re-construction would have fully corrected it. And the slant isn’t a worry now or in the coming months. Even in the next year or so, if we’re lucky. But at some time, with continued movement and pressure, it might collapse and impact on these two nerves. And if that happens, Daniel could be paralyzed. What we hoped to avoid by initially opting for re-construction.’
Josette cradled her head in one hand for a moment. Eight days now of charts, X-rays, scans, prognoses. The nightmare seemed never ending. 
‘What would you propose?’
‘That’s the problem this time. There really is no clear-cut solution. All I can do is lay out the facts, and let you decide.’
Josette blinked slowly. There it was: the difference. In all their previous meetings, she’d just nodded numbly to Ebdon’s chain of medical descriptions. The passenger. A few questions for clarity, and then she’d get Ebdon’s final prognosis. Now suddenly she was in the driver’s seat. It didn’t feel comfortable. 
‘But surely there’s some preference. Something that looks the stronger option.’
‘I’m afraid not. If we leave things as they are, there’s a chance that the vertebrae won’t hold with time, and Daniel could be paralyzed. But that might be months or even years from now, hopefully never. But if we operate, we have the same problems we initially faced – why we couldn’t probe as deeply as we’d liked for a full re-construction: the risk of damaging surrounding nerves. The operation itself carries similar risk, could also cause paralysis.’ Ebdon looked across levelly. ‘Really, it’s up to you.’
Josette felt suddenly light-headed. The emergency team at the bombsite, the long hours of pacing the hospital corridors. Hoping, praying, screaming at God. But all the time she’d just been washed along on the nightmare; no decisions for her to make. She’d railed strongly against that, hated the sense of redundancy. The feeling that she was doing nothing to help Daniel. 
Yet now suddenly with a decision before her, the power firmly in her grasp – she’d give anything to trade with her previous role. Push it away again. Hide back in her work, her prayers, the endless pacing and coffees in the hospital canteen. She shook her head. 
‘But there must be some indication.’ Last operation, Ebdon had given her a percentage risk breakdown. She asked.
‘I really don’t like putting figures to it like that.’
‘Please,’ Josette implored. ‘I need some guidance. Something.’
Ebdon had seen her different moods: The tough FBI agent, resilience to push back the trauma. The loving mother at Daniel’s bedside when he’d looked on. And in their meetings, sometimes frantic, concerned; at others, lost, distant from his explanations. As if it was all happening to someone else. But this was the first time he’d seen her plead, look so helpless. 
‘Well, if it will help at all. Perhaps thirty to forty percent risk of the vertebrae impacting at some stage. Though as I say that could be many years from now. And with the operation, possibly slightly less risk: say twenty percent. But that risk is here, now. Immediate.’ Ebdon opened his hands out. ‘In the end though, it has to be your decision.’
Josette’s mind spun. Phone Sammy. Her mother. Pray to God. Toss a coin. Then what? If those judgments didn’t tie in with what she felt in her heart, she knew she wouldn’t go with them. Ebdon was right: the decision was hers.

‘They’re trying to use the Scribe to track the Washington bombers.’
‘Where’s the initiative coming from?’
‘Tony Anderson’s department, a CT section head under Weaver. Controls a team of fourteen.’
‘But are you still getting feeds?’ Sudden concern from Rowe. Information was his lifeline. And this particular lifeline to Pennsylvania Avenue would be more vital now than ever. ‘Would you get all the information?’ 
‘On this, yeah. It’s too big. We only get some of the stuff on the Scribe – thirty, forty percent if we’re lucky. But on the Washington bomb everyone’s sharing everything.’ 
‘What’s their angle?’
‘The last message from the Scribe, he seemed outraged at being linked to the Washington and New Orleans bombs. They’re trying to play on that. Reluctance to believe him. If not you, then who? We want to believe you, but...’
‘That is, if he knows anything.’ Rowe was thoughtful. He’d seen two FBI profiles on the Scribe, and run one of his own. Mostly ATF bombs, some Treasury. Strong knowledge of chemical explosive mixes. Could be a link with a past militia group, but he tended to agree with the Bureau consensus: too much of a loner to attach for long to any organization. He probably knew nothing. ‘And is the Scribe biting?’
‘They don’t know yet. They put something in the Washington Post four days back – pretty much the same style of verse he uses. But they’re still waiting on a response.’
‘Holding hands and playing rhyming couplets with a bomber. Always knew I got out of the Bureau just in time.’ Rowe chuckled. Killed it quickly. ‘But it could be worth watching. Let me know how it progresses.’
‘Problems?’ Cagill asked as Rowe flipped shut his cell-phone. They were at opposite ends of Cagill’s twelve seater dining table under his gazebo. Late afternoon Colombian with Jack Daniels chaser. Rowe swilled down his coffee just with Perrier. Touching 80ºF, his throat was dry.
‘No, nothing really.’ Rowe explained the situation, concluding: ‘If anything, it’s a positive sign. Shows the Bureau’s desperation. They’ve got nothing concrete.’
But Rowe was thoughtful again as minutes later he sat at the computer in Cagill’s back office. 80 gigabits hard drive with another 300 gigabits network linked from his Redington Beach home, Rowe prided himself on storing every Bureau file of note.
It took him only two minutes to bring up Pennsylvania Avenue Personnel. He narrowed it down first to Weaver’s section of 84. Then, using Anderson as the keyword find under Section Head, he brought up the fourteen names: Anton Czarnecki, Gerald Franklin, Linda Fulton, David Haffner, Josette Horvath, Stephen McInnes, Vittorio Mazzone...
Rowe tapped again, started bringing up background personal details. He leant closer as he read and made notes.

‘We’re wasting our time. Going around in circles.’ Bernard rubbed one hand brusquely through his hair and took another quick gulp of wine. 
‘Come on, don’t give up now. We’ve made good progress. We’re probably closer now than you think.’ Jeremy Howell looked contemplatively at the folders and papers strewn around the floor.
‘Good progress? You know what will happen, don’t you? It’ll take hours more, and even if we do hit on something, Kenyon will destroy it in minutes. A bit of tame praise and head-pats where due, and then he’ll start cutting and slashing. Kenyon the barbarian. Laying our hard-sweated theories to waste along with the rest of the group. Then he’ll magically open his little folder and tell us what we should have hit upon.’ Another gulp. ‘Waste of time.’ 
Bernard nodded slowly, rubbed his head. Two hours, a bottle and a quarter of wine, and still it seemed they were little further ahead.
They were in the attic ‘rest’ room in the house Bernard and Jeremy shared with five other students in Oxford’s Headington. ‘Rest’ meant study, playing music, reading, or any other activity that required getting away from the main bedlam of the house and the TV two floors below.
Second Amendment. Its component parts were spread around the floor like a stripped car: Jefferson, Shays rebellion, Blackstone, Salina v Blakely, US v Oakes, Presser v Illinois. Bills, statutes, appeals, Senate and Supreme Court rulings. Howell had even numbered them so that they didn’t get confused. Legislation by numbers. I’ll swap you a number seventeen for a number three. Bernard shook his head. What had he expected? For two hundred years the top legislators and courts had tried to assemble these same component parts into a vehicle to accommodate the conflicting factions of American society, and had failed miserably. The arguments were as strong and divisive now as when the Amendment was first drafted. What dent had he and Jeremy hoped to make, their senses now dulled by wine. 
Let’s see what we’ve established so far,’ Jeremy prompted. He looked at his notes. ‘The main contention is that one camp, the ‘federalists’, claim the Second Amendment refers to militias as a protective arm of the state or nation – therefore a collective right. Whereas gun supporters argue that it refers to the people, who are sovereign, and thus it is an individual right. Anything that can be build upon there?’
‘No, too polarized. The two sides will never agree. Any solution’s got to aim to please both. Oh, and the President’s recent speech could be interpreted as extreme even from that federalist view.’ 
Bernard reminded himself of one of the first key points they’d hit upon. Even in arguing that people shouldn’t have guns, the federalists agreed that militias should. The contention then became whether militias meant the Army, state troops and National Guard or the newly burgeoning self-appointed militias. Each word and phrase ignited a myriad of interpretations. 
‘And if the President tries to shift away from a general sweep against militias and focuses in on individual groups or sectors – what brick wall will he hit?’
‘Discrimination.’
It was a high brick wall for many an American Statute, but particularly for gun control. Historically, gun control had often been discriminatory, its roots three centuries deep in English Law: the poor, Catholics, serfs – practically any group outside of the Protestant landowning gentry were curtailed from having guns. Thereby assuring the gun pride of place alongside religious and ethnic discrimination when the Founding Fathers landed in America. The gun had in part become a symbol of that discrimination. 
‘Bound to be a problem,’ Bernard remarked. ‘Constitutional law based on outmoded discriminatory traditions which didn’t even relate to American society at the time, let alone now. Borrowed law.’ Bernard shook his head. ‘But a lot of discriminatory case histories for the opposition to throw back. From trying to strip negroes of their guns shortly after the Civil War to–’
But suddenly Bernard could see that Howell wasn’t paying attention. He was holding his chest, fishing around in his bag frantically with the other hand, the inhaler finally in his grasp.
‘Are you okay?’ Bernard asked concernedly.
Howell just nodded, eyes wide as he put the inhaler to his mouth and pressed twice.
Bernard watched anxiously as Jeremy’s face slowly flushed from fighting against the constriction. Bernard panicked, stood up: unsure whether to shake Jeremy, pat his back or call an ambulance. 
Jeremy held one hand out, a stopping motion. Another press, and his breathing appeared to start easing.
‘Are you alright?’ A sharp edge to Bernard’s voice.
Quick nod. Then as the air flow eased and he caught his first breath: ‘Yes, yes... I think so.’ Jeremy indicated the papers on the floor, his breath finally settling back into rhythm. ‘I think it’s the dust from the files and the carpet.’
Minutes later, for Jeremy it was as if the incident had never happened, though Bernard was still slightly rattled: it was only the second of Jeremy’s attacks he’d witnessed, but it made him think of the many attacks Jeremy no doubt suffered alone.
Jeremy picked up where Bernard left off, pointing out that history was repeating itself: gun taxes and licensing requirements were slammed by the right as measures mainly to keep Saturday night specials out of the hands of the poor.
Bernard nodded. ‘Good point. Along with their claim that the privileged few – the Rockefellers, Cabots and Bloomingdales – readily gain gun licenses even in strict licensing areas. Some of them tough anti-gun advocates. They want guns themselves, but want the general populous restricted. Another them and us argument from the right.’
Howell sat forward, suddenly animated. ‘Now we’re starting to get somewhere.’
Bernard sipped some more wine, not so confident. All he could see they’d established was that in all of two hundred years, the arguments had hardly shifted. Still they were back to the same high brick wall: discrimination. Bernard couldn’t see how any President was going to surmount it.

‘Discriminatory? Whichever route we take, that’s how you fear it will look. Am I reading you right, Mark?’ President Weimann stared hard at Mark Tindall. Weimann was at the end of the conference table, the only one of the eleven in the East Room standing. 
‘Yes. I’m afraid so.’ He’d tried as best he could to dress it up. But the bottom line was still a lame duck. Nothing more he could do.
‘And just how did we get backed into this dead end?’ Weimann looked round; the question now aimed generally, not just at Tindall.
Landry sat two places from Tindall with Jennifer and Koupman each side. The President was flanked by two aides and a secretary, Tindall’s legal secretary was to his right, and Pat Cullen sat opposite with an aide. Silence. Nobody wanted to say it flat out, thought Landry: ‘It was your stupid speech, Mr President. You know, the one we advised you against making.’ But as Weimann’s gaze settled again on Tindall, Landry threw down a lifeline. 
‘It was a difficult situation. Once the NRA and other pro-gun groups started giving your speech the spin of a broad sweep against militias, we had no choice but to narrow it down. Separate the–’
‘I understand that,’ Weimann cut in. ‘We went through that chapter and verse last week. And, yes, Andy, you read it right, and thank God everyone rallied well and finally saved the day. Well done.’ Weimann glanced from Landry to Pat Cullen and Tindall. ‘But what I’m finding hard to understand is that having successfully narrowed it down, why we can’t now move forward.’
‘That’s the problem,’ Tindall offered. ‘It’s too narrow a group. Too finite. We narrowed it down purposely to deflect from any broad constitutional arguments. But its legislative power is at the same time diluted. By focusing purely on only those militias who step foul of the law, we’re not going to net many more than under current legislation. And even then, after the event. Practically the same handful of madcap bombers we’re already aiming for.’
‘But can’t we broaden that slightly? Keep the same clear separation from militias in general, but at least target the more extreme groups. Aiming for them as groups, rather than just individuals.’ Weimann’s voice carried a hint of desperation.
‘I don’t see how,’ Tindall said. ‘McVeigh and Nichols were successfully prosecuted for Oklahoma. But the Northern Michigan Militia they belonged to still thrives. They’d acted alone. And even if they hadn’t, it would be hard to attach to a group as a whole. A militia figurehead might perhaps have been nailed at the same time, whoever supposedly put them up to it – but the group itself would just roll on under a new leader.’
‘What about clear incitement of violence. All the crazies who get on the radio and flood the Internet with messages about pipe bombs and attacking ATF and FBI officials?’
‘Again just a handful who happen to make a splash. Difficult to attach to a group – even if we could cut some legislation to straightjacket them. And then there’s the thorny issue of free speech. In a way we’d only be...’
Landry tuned it out. He’d heard it all the week before from Tindall. After the call of four days ago, Landry knew where he wanted this meeting to head: nowhere. But it seemed to be getting there nicely without his help. And so for the first time in four days he relaxed. His nerves constantly on a knife-edge which had made him pick at his food and only grab a few hours sleep each night started slowly settling. He sat back and watched as the President reached expectantly for each fresh legislative door, only for Tindall to deftly close it again, and lock it.
But he couldn’t help feeling sorry for Weimann. Appearing a lone and desperate figure, clutching out vainly for solutions while marauding bands of militias and terrorist bombers laid waste to the nation around him. It was all etched in his face: the pain, the frustration, the hope and naive optimism of his early days in office day by day worn away. Surrounded by advisers, the top political, legal and academic minds in the nation, and the world’s most powerful army at his call. But now, as so often before, he felt powerless.
The irony might have been amusing if it wasn’t so desperately sad. A terrible indictment of the legislative ropes that tied the hands of the most powerful man in the nation. Rendered him so often ineffective.

The second bottle of wine had led to a third, not their own: a bottle of Romanian Merlot someone had left in the fridge; they’d replace it later. Then they’d started on the beers. Bernard was on his third Belgian white, Jeremy just finishing his second lager.
They’d worked intensely for another hour, swapping notes and files, looking for the key that might unlock their theses due for Kenyon in three days: ‘With the Second Amendment wording as foundation, a draft Bill which just might work...’ Debating, pacing, brainstorming. More notes. So contradictory, thought Bernard. He’d crossed out more notes than he was left with. And at some stage, as the drinks began to bite, they’d lost it completely. 
Bernard scratched his head thoughtfully. Belched. ‘That’s the root of the problem, right there. Outmoded law. Obsolete. Written in 1787, and we’re still trying to apply it today. Ridiculous! Where are all the laws for horse-drawn buggies and the Pony Express, huh?’ 
Jeremy shrugged amiably, smiled. 
Bernard gestured with his beer can. ‘Long gone, let me tell you. But not the good old Second Amendment, nooooo. That’s written in the Constitution. We’re stuck with it, my man. Fundamental right. Forever.’ Bernard looked ahead blankly for a moment, searching for the right words. Jeremy had put on some music in the background: Marvin Gaye. Bernard got to his feet. Suddenly it felt right to be standing. Pontificating.
‘Fundamental. Now there’s a good word. ‘Fundamental. It’s our fundamental right to shoot and kill each other. Oh, yesirree. But more than that – according to the Founding Fathers who wrote the rule book two hundred years ago and yet still know better than us.’ Bernard made a mock salutation with one hand. ‘–It’s fundamental because the gun symbolizes freedom. Freedom from oppression. Freedom from discrimination. And power. Power to protect your family against Red Indians and marauding carpetbaggers. Power to defend your land, your goods and possessions. And let’s not forget – though these parts they conveniently left out – power to end that argument when all words have failed. To pack as a trusty companion when robbing that 7-11. Or to blow your neighbor away because he’s playing his radio too loud. Give your wife the message you don’t love her anymore: Sorry, honey, no flowers today. Or wipe that pretty, sweet smile off the McDonalds girl because you didn’t like the way she said, “Have a nice day.” Oh, yes. God given right. In the Constitution.’ 
Bernard looked down for a moment, took another slug of beer. He could feel the room swaying gently around him, but didn’t care. He was on a roll. Somewhere between Othello and Eddie Murphy. Serious oration meets the absurd. Perfect mix for gun control. 
‘And if you take all those symbols of freedom, of family protection and power, melt it down for two hundred years and stir – can you see now why the far right don’t want to be parted from their guns? Do you know what to them it feels like you’re trying to take away?’
Jeremy shrugged. ‘I don’t know. Their cars, their civil rights perhaps.’
‘No, no, no. Think about it. All those symbols: freedom, protection, power.’ Bernard looked intently at Jeremy a moment longer, but Jeremy simply shrugged again. ‘Their manhood. Their dicks, man! That’s what it’d feel like you’re taking away.’
‘Their dicks?’ Jeremy squinted disbelievingly.
‘Yeah, yeah. These guys, it’s not some sports car with a long bonnet that does it for them. But a gun. That long barrel in their hands. All that freedom and power rolled into one. Nobody to tease them any more. Nobody to tell them how dumb they are. Nobody to threaten their land or property or take more taxes than they’d like. Because right there in their hands they have what will end all problems, all arguments. No more impotence. ...Right here, right here, I don’t need to search no more,’ Bernard burst into song. He smiled crookedly. Wrong song. Marvin Gaye was still playing.
Jeremy shifted from an incredulous leer to more serious. ‘Okay, you’ve convinced me. We’ve finally got it taped. It’s their dicks! That’s the problem. But how are we going to work that into our papers for Kenyon?’
Bernard was a beat slow picking up that Jeremy was joking. Saw Jeremy’s smile slowly ease again. They both burst out laughing at the same time.
‘Shush, shush. This is the one.’ Bernard cut his chuckling short. ‘You put this on deliberately didn’t you? ....Father, father, we don’t need to escalate, see... war is not the answer...’ Bernard closed his eyes as he sang along, swaying. ‘What’s to follow: Coolio’s Gangster’s Paradise. Rapping live from east LA, mood music for gun control?’ Wry smile as he glanced back at Jeremy, raised his beer. Eddie Murphy does Marvin Gaye. What’s going on, what’s going on... what’s going on... Bernard chuckled briefly. ‘Yeah, we’ve hit the answer right there. No dicks! The guns are all they have left. Would feel powerless without them. Impotent. And so they get frightened, cling on – start fighting back.’
No answer from Jeremy, sensing the sudden edge in Bernard’s voice. More maudlin, serious.
‘And so they start lobbying and complaining. Writing and e-mailing and pestering their congressmen and senators. And joining militias and bands of freedom fighters. And then they start bombing, and now. Now...’ Bernard stopped swaying. Stock still. Sudden surprise that he’d spun back to the thought, wondering as he looked down at the floor, slowly blinking, just how he’d arrived there. After the first two days of talking about little else, he’d vowed the last days not to bring it up again.
Jeremy picked up on the mood, felt suddenly guilty that the debate had reminded Bernard. ‘I’m sorry. If I’d realized, I’d have suggested we do something else.’
‘It’s okay.’ Bernard shook his head, took another swill of beer. ‘I’m going to have to face it all soon enough.’
‘When are you going over?’ Jeremy asked.
‘Week after next. Thanksgiving. My sister thought it best I see Daniel once he’s out of the hospital, over his operations. He should be out by then.’ Bernard wondered what this year’s family gathering would be like. His mother’s standard turkey fare with antipasti to start. Daniel half-crippled, smiling bravely. 
Jeremy nodded. Now it made more sense. Bernard avoiding the subject, burying himself back in studies and the drink – Bernard had drunk half as much again as him – the jokey, elaborate sermonizing. Catharsis: Bernard’s way of dealing with what had happened to his nephew.
Now it was back again. Family tragedy. Sudden, personal immediacy put to the files scattered around them. No longer purely an ideological, distant debate. It hung heavy in the air for a moment, a conversational shroud. 
Bernard was first to break it. ‘Don’t worry, the feebies will find them, kick their asses. My sister will make sure of that.’ 
But it was still too personal and close, the silence quickly back. Bernard dived for cover again. ‘What was that summary line I wrote?’ He scrambled among the papers on the floor, picked up his pad and read: ‘People – and by this I mean all the people – let’s be generous and take the anti-federalist line. Militias. And preservation of a free state.’ Two lines of clarity among the countless paragraphs they’d crossed out and re-drafted. ‘Now if we can come up with something that will satisfy all three, we’ve cracked it.’ It sounded easy saying it like that, fuelled by the wine and beer. Belied the fact that for two hundred years the best legislative minds had tried and failed. 
‘And stop militias feeling as if they might be losing their dicks?’ Jeremy said, raising his glass.
‘Yep. Got it in one.’ Bernard smiled.

‘Perhaps some sort of licensing arrangement,’ Pat Cullen offered. ‘A definition of rules for militias. At least if we lay out the parameters of what militias should do, it’ll be easier to control what they shouldn’t.’
Weimann turned immediately to Tindall. ‘Do you think it might work, Mark?’
‘Could do. Could do.’ Tindall was pensive. ‘It wouldn’t be the easiest bit of legislation, but it has one plus: it would at least appear that we’re on the militias side by lending some official endorsement. And the writing in of the plus points would at the same time distract them from the sub-text.’
‘How long would it take to pass through something like that?’ Weimann asked. 
‘We could have it drafted and through all the stages probably within the year. Perhaps eight, nine months if everything went well.’
Landry felt the first twinge of alarm. He’d thought it was all over: Weimann boxed into a corner, all legislative doors closed. But Weimann had fought back, had grasped frantically around the table for fresh options, berating that he could hardly believe there wasn’t a single bright idea among them. And finally Pat Cullen had come up with something.
Landry knew he’d have to step in before it started gaining momentum. But steering carefully, not making his opposition too obvious. Ring any alarm bells. 
‘I don’t know. Won’t any official endorsement just bring confusion with our state troops. And in any case the militias wouldn’t want to consider themselves part of that. In the past they’ve built too much of an independent, anti-state case to cross that line now.’
‘Good point,’ Tindall agreed. ‘We’d have to make the delineation clear. Emphasize the term ‘free’ or ‘independent’ militia to avoid confusion or make them feel they were in any way coming in under the state’s wing.’
“Free’ militia. I like that, ‘Weimann said. ‘Supports their image of preserving freedom.’
It was still slipping away. All he’d done was help them embellish a point. A bit more on the rudder. ‘I just don’t think they’re going to be suckered in,’ Landry said. ‘They’ll see it a mile off for what it is: state control under a friendly guise.’
‘Don’t worry,’ Tindall said. ‘We’ll sneak the ‘unfriendly’ stuff in at the end. We’ll pepper the front end with so much freedom and glory stuff – they’ll hardly notice.’
‘I like it,’ Weimann agreed. ‘We’re getting somewhere at last.’
Landry looked around the table, panic setting in. It was quickly becoming a bandwagon out of control. Here’s what we want you to do. He laid a hand flat on the table. 
‘I still don’t feel comfortable with it. Something doesn’t feel right.’ But his mind was still frantically searching for what? He could feel the eyes around the table on him. Expectant. ‘We’ve just scraped through one nightmare with this recent Bill extension. And it simply feels like this could be out of the frying pan and into the fire. I think we need time to think this one through, see if it sits right.’ Time. The only card he could think of playing.
Weimann’s eyes rested on Landry. Thoughtful concern. ‘I know that that particular episode probably agitated you more than anyone else here, Andy. You were first to really get to grips with the brunt of the opposition. And the first to hit a real solution to the problem, and put it into action. No doubt you’re feeling some of that same agitation now. We can give it time to settle by all means. I’m all for that. But I think it’s pretty clear already that this is something with strong chances of winning through.’
Agitated? His nerves were racing, his throat dry. He smiled tightly. Weimann only ever did catch half the picture. He reached for the water pitcher, topped up, took a sip. 
‘You’re worrying for nothing,’ Tindall supported. ‘If we get it right, the militias will be too glory drunk on the spirit of 1776 to notice the back end.’
Tindall too was now looking at him concernedly, probably thinking: I thought you’d be with me on this. I’m usually the cautious one. What’s wrong? It was vital he masked his main aim, yet how was he now going to shift this debate without making a strong stand? 
‘Probably you’re right,’ he conceded. 
All that was left for now. Retreat. Deflect their suspicions. He doodled absently on his pad; it helped quell the trembling in his right hand. The debate continued around him.
Weimann was smiling, animated; stark contrast to his mood of forty minutes ago. He commented how it would also help build on positive reaction to his speech. 
‘I feared that having fired everyone up, I might be letting them down. Of course, most of this support has come from the liberals, as was expected. But the marginals and far right could obviously be more problematic. Especially from recent lessons.’ Weimann nodded towards Landry, then looked around. ‘What readings there?’
‘Don’t see much problem with GOP marginals,’ Cullen offered. ‘As long as it doesn’t aim to penalize militias in general, I don’t see any problem with targeting the extreme fringes. And as for the far right, I don’t think we’re going to please them whatever we do. Never have done in the past.’
‘I think the key word is that we don’t displease them,’ Tindall said. ‘Give them anything which they could turn to advantage to try and swing the marginals again. As long as we can keep clear of that trap, I think we’re home dry. Safe.’
Landry feared there was nothing he could do now to stop the momentum. As Weimann turned to him, all he could do was re-phrase his previous concern. 
‘I still worry it could backfire. These groups are so used to picking up the downside from gun control bills, they’ll focus on the sub-text and bring it to the forefront however carefully it’s hidden. Find an angle, and beat the marginals and us over the head with it, same as last week.’ But now it sounded lame, empty. One voice swimming against a tide which had already washed past him. Unstoppable.
The call would come in a day or two, and he’d have to tell them he’d failed. He’d tried, but in the end there was nothing he could do. The photos would appear, and he’d...
But another part of him – the part that in Vietnam had dragged a platoon colleague half dead from a landmine two miles to the rescue chopper; who’d campaigned around the clock to save the day at the last primaries; who last week fought to swing back the vote; the survivor – still grasped desperately for a solution. 
Weimann was saying to Tindall: ‘When do you think you could get a first draft proposal to me?’ 
‘Six, eight days. By the end of next week at the latest.’
Landry jolted. Sudden buzz as a possible solution emerged from the grey shades at the back of his mind 
‘Official endorsement!’ he blurted out. ‘That’s what I don’t like about it. It’s going to look as if we’re officially endorsing all these independent militias.’ All eyes were suddenly on him, and he quickly shored up his point. ‘With many militias, I accept that we’re on reasonably safe ground. But the extreme fringes are also going to get caught in our net. People will find it hard to differentiate. How’s it going to look when it appears we’re lending official endorsement to McVeigh and Nichols’ Michigan Militia?’
‘That’s the whole point,’ Tindall defended. ‘A set of rules which in itself makes it clear who is behaving and who ain’t.’
‘But as you said earlier – the sub-text needs to be buried so that the far right don’t cry wolf. And if it’s buried that subtly, it’ll go straight over the heads of most people. They won’t see the difference either.’ Landry watched the realization hit around the table. Cullen nodded and grimaced quickly; more reluctant acceptance from Tindall and Weimann. ‘It’ll just look as if we’ve temporarily lost it – lent tacit endorsement to militia bomb groups responsible for almost two hundred and fifty dead the past ten days.’
Tindall put up a bit more resistance, but Landry knew already he’d won it back. It had been close. Too close. And along with the relief, guilt: seeing Weimann’s fresh hopes dashed, the first in years, hit him hard. Betrayal. 
Watching Weimann by the North Entrance Hall window looking thoughtfully over the White House lawn as the rest of the group walked ahead, Landry knew one thing: he couldn’t go through it again.


Chapter 11

Josette studied the five lines on screen for the twentieth time:
Gallop the boundless deserts you unroll.
Fulfill your doom, disordered minds and fly
The infinite you carry in your soul.
Seek not in me but where I guide.
Seek the truth in horror’s middle name.
Six days after their own entry, the Scribe had finally responded. Within the hour, her mother had identified the author and the poem: 
‘Baudelaire. It’s entitled ‘Damned Women’. The first three lines are original Baudelaire, the last two additions. Boundless deserts, disordered minds and infinite? I might be wrong, but I think he’s hinting you could spend a lot of time with pointless searches. Especially if you seek him directly. But then some guidance is offered – with the clue in the last line: horror’s middle name.’ 
Josette had pressed for interpretations, but her mother could think of none. 
‘Exactly what horrors he’s referring to will probably be down to your own files.’
Innes too, praise where due for his new wonder system, had quickly found the Baudelaire link. But he’d floundered at any deeper interpretation. And now they were all stuck on that last line: horror’s middle name.
The only horrors Josette could imagine the Scribe meant were the Washington and New Orleans bombs. The Washington bomb had been in the Brookland Center, 1128 14th St, the bombed flight en route from St Paul, Minnesota to New Orleans. She juggled the sequences around a few times and ended up with: Orleans, Minnesota, 1128–
‘How’s Danny now? Any more progress?’
Claude Barelli from CI by the half-open door. She hadn’t even registered him knocking and opening it.
‘Yes, a bit better now. At least he’s smiling.’ Smiling? The only part that was true. Daniel had been smiling. No, he’s not okay. Later he’s facing an operation to determine whether he’ll be paralyzed for the rest of his life. But she didn’t feel like sharing that with anyone right now, let alone Claude Barelli. 
‘As soon as I heard, I couldn’t help thinking about it. I only met Danny that once – but you know that picture stayed in my mind.’ Barelli looked down awkwardly. ‘You know how it is.’
Josette looked back more intently. She’d forgotten that on their few dates together he’d met Daniel one night when picking her up at home. ‘Yes, I know. Thanks.’
‘If you want to talk about it at any time, don’t hesitate. I’m there.’
‘Thanks, Claude. I’ll remember that.’
Barelli still hovered, looked thoughtful. ‘Maybe a beer sometime. Look at me as an old drinking buddy. Drown our sorrows together.’
Josette smiled tightly. Genuine concern, or was Barelli pitching for another date? ‘Maybe I’ll take you up on that – as soon as I’m off the prozac.’
Slow, hesitant smile from Barelli as he realized she was joking. Barelli nodded towards her computer screen. ‘And if you need any help from CI, just let me know.’
‘Thanks.’ She went quickly back to the screen as Barelli turned away: Brookland and 14th were the only other effective keyword searches. New, Paul and Center brought up too many matches. 28 effective matches on the other five, most of them Brookland. She split the list with Dave Haffner, and mid-afternoon it was narrowed down to 11. Now, after another hour, she was left with just one lead on her list: James Brookland, a mere sergeant in the Kansas Militia, not a strongly active group, grade 3 on the computer. She went to see how Haffner was getting on.
The trench was hectic: phones ringing, files passed back and forth, computer keys tapping, people in motion. She closed the door to Haffner’s cubicle at the far end and looked over his shoulder at the computer screen. Muted quiet again.
Haffner pointed to two lines towards the bottom. ‘That’s the only one that looks anywhere near hopeful so far. Brookland Camp, training ground for the South Wyoming militia. But they’re only grade two.’
The system had been devised shortly after Oklahoma. Finder Utility: Confederates and Enlistees of Militias. FUCEM. Just about summed up the department mood after Oklahoma. Though it was toned down when sharing with outside departments to FUMM: Finder Utility for Militia Members. Concern that if the name leaked it might lend credence to the sort of gung-ho spirit that led to Waco. But to everyone in Anderson’s department it was still FUCEM.
Once all the militia groups and known members had been fed in, they were graded. Grade 1 was active and extreme. Grade 2, active but not viewed as extreme. And grade 3, neither active or extreme; small membership, normally under 50, and a post box.
So, they had a grade 2 which needed narrowing down to key individual members and a grade 3 sergeant. Didn’t look good. But then, Josette reminded herself, McVeigh and Nichols were both just sergeants, and before Oklahoma the Michigan Militia would have only been graded 2.
‘I’ve got three more searches to complete,’ Haffner said.
Josette looked anxiously at her watch. Sudden alarm that with her absorption she’d lost track of time. She had to leave soon to make it to the hospital before Daniel went in for his operation. ‘Would you be finished in twenty minutes?’
‘Close. But should make it.’ Haffner touched his glasses and started tapping more urgently.
It took twenty-eight minutes. Josette already had her bag over her shoulder as she grabbed the single sheet from the printer and bolted for the door. 
‘Thanks Dave.’ In between, she’d decided to take Barelli up straightaway on his offer of help: could he run the same keywords through CI’s terrorist find programme? The ATF link screamed militias, but it was best to cover all options.
Josette was at a run by the time she hit the corridor outside.

Douglass Academy, Annapolis. Second grade high school class. A select school of only 228 pupils, most were the sons and daughters of high ranking navy officers or Washington bureaucrats who commuted daily the thirty miles from the naval town.
Maria Tanner surveyed the class of twenty-three. ‘And who is Pip brought up by?’
Eight or nine hands went up. She picked out Janet Sollis, second row back. 
‘By his half sister and her husband, Joe Gargery. The village blacksmith.’
‘And where does Pip think his inheritance has come from?’ She picked out one of five this time: Dale Barwood.
‘From Miss Havisham.’
Maria had been taking this particular class for fourteen months now: English literature, three mornings a week. She’d chosen Great Expectations as an introduction to Dickens because hopefully twelve-year-olds would identify with the central character, Pip. It had either been that or Oliver Twist. She picked out a different hand each time as she went through the main points.
‘Yet who in fact is Pip’s real benefactor?’
‘Magwitch, the convict who went on to make his fortune in Australia.’
‘And just what are the expectations referred to in the title?’
‘Magwitch wonders if the money he’s left will make a difference to Pip’s life. Whether Pip will become a gentleman, make good with opportunities that Magwitch didn’t have.’
‘Yes. Any others?’ Some hands went down. Maria picked another two.
‘Miss Havisham’s relatives expecting an inheritance after her death.’
‘What Pip hopes to make of himself from the money left. And who he expects it’s from.’
Maria looked round. No more raised hands. They’d done well, she reflected: three interpretations. There were many more, of course: Estella’s expectations of becoming a noble dame; Pip’s friend Wopsle hoping to become a great actor; Herbert Pocket’s plans to become a powerful industrialist. None of them realized. Dickens’ condemnation of a society where the desires and main driving force of so many were fuelled by illusion. But she wasn’t sure if this class of twelve year olds, most of them from comfortable families, were ready to grasp that deeper underlying message – however much it still held true today. Countless wannabes chasing a handful of icons.
‘And what is one of the strongest moments of horror and surprise in the book – almost out of place with what follows?’
Several hands this time. Maria picked out one on the far side.
‘When Pip as a young boy is surprised by Magwitch in the graveyard.’
But Maria only half registered the answer, her thoughts suddenly somewhere else. Horror? My Goodness! Only a moment’s flash thought, but suddenly she was sure.
Her eyes shifted to the wall clock. Twelve minutes to the end of class. One advantage of repeated syllabus, she thought: she could run through it mechanically without anyone guessing her thoughts were half elsewhere. She dialed Josette’s number as the class filed out. It answered on the second ring.
‘Poe,’ Maria said. ‘Edgar Allan Poe.’ Dickens and horror together had suddenly reminded her: Poe was one of Dickens’ strongest contemporaries. ‘Baudelaire was Poe’s translator into French, helped introduce Poe to the French market. And I can’t think of any other prominent horror writer with three names.’
Horror’s middle name: Allan? Sounded as good as anything else they’d tried. ‘Thanks, mom. Could be the one.’
Maria could hear background traffic noise. ‘Where are you now?’
‘On the way to the hospital. I should have been there by four.’
Maria remembered from their earlier conversation that the operation was at 6.30 p.m. and would last two to three hours. ‘I’ll be there later.’
‘It’s a long way for you, and Sammy has promised to be there by seven. You don’t have to.’
‘No, but I want to.’
Last operation, her mother had turned up with a hot thermos of minestrone and they’d sat sipping it on a corridor bench like two trench soldiers waiting on news from the front line. 
‘Okay. See you later.’
She dialed straight out to Dave Haffner and asked him to feed in the keyword Allan.

Andrew Landry explained how the meeting went and how he’d got over the problems encountered.
‘You did well,’ the voice responded. ‘Particularly the way you swung everything at the last moment.’
‘That’s the problem. It was difficult to swing, and already they’re probably suspicious. I don’t think I can do it again.’
‘Sure you can,’ Rowe said flatly. ‘You’re just warming up. You’re a natural, and didn’t even know it.’ 
Landry cradled his forehead in one hand. His private White House number, Cape Charles, his cell-phone. Now the call had come through on his personal back line at his official Naval Observatory Park residence. They’d made a strong point: they could get hold of him anytime, anywhere. But still they weren’t listening. 
‘You don’t understand, so let me lay it out clearer for you: I can’t do it any more, and I won’t. Even if I had the inclination, it just wouldn’t work another time. I did it for you this time, but that’s it. No more.’
‘Great speech, great speech. But you know, it really has nothing on your last speech. That was definitely one of my favorites. Where are we now: favorite White House speeches.’ Rustling and movement in the background. Finally. ‘Here it is.’ Clattering and a click against the mouthpiece, then a tinnier voice:
‘...A number of gun control debates are likely to come up over the coming weeks and months. We want you to not only keep us informed of their progress, but where possible block or change the track of any anti-gun initiatives.’
‘I’m not sure I’ll be able to do that.’
‘If you don’t, then it’s the Washington Post again. Time for the nation to see your Russian boyfriend.’
‘I didn’t mean it like that. I told you – I’m willing to help. It’s just I don’t know how effective I’ll be. I’m just one voice against the President and a whole team of senior staff and advisers. If the mood’s that strong against, it could be tough.’
‘You swung the Congress vote last week, you can do it again. We’ve got faith, Andy. You don’t mind I call you that, do you? I think you’ve got a lot more power and influence than you make out. You set your mind to it, I think you could win the day for us every time.’
‘I’ll do my best.’
‘Your best? That’s all I ask, Andy. But my boss, he’s less understanding. You don’t win through for us, and he’s going to swear you didn’t do your best. You’ll be waiting for my call so that you can explain how you tried but it just didn’t work out – but he’ll have already cashed in his chips. Sent the photos. Just so we’ve got everything clear.’
Abrupt buzz as Rowe had hung up.
Landry felt the same icy chill as when they’d had the conversation. Moment’s silence from the other end, no doubt letting the implications sink home.
Fresh breath. ‘Whole mess of possible charges there, I think: Conspiracy to trade state secrets, fraud, treason. No longer just another politician bent the wrong way. With that little collection, you could find yourself bent the wrong way at Virginia State Pen for quite a well, looking over your shoulder while some smiling fat drug lord tells you how he always did want to get into politics, even if it was by the back door.’ Rowe laughed, quickly subsiding. ‘Oh, and I’ve taped our little conversation today where you’ve told me clearly how you’ve already swung the debate. We don’t take part time recruits, Andy. You’re aboard for life.’
Landry felt like screaming. Wished that he could reach down the phone and shake his caller, his torturer, by the throat until he woke up to how obstinate and determined Weimann was on this issue. That Weimann would keep banging hard against the same door until he gained a result.
‘You simply don’t understand...’ How to put it across effectively? But knowing the conversation was being taped made him suddenly inhibited. And by the time he’d thought about it he was holding another dead line.

‘Try Allen with an e – maybe there’ll be something there.’
‘Okay,’ Haffner said. ‘I’ll call you back.’
Haffner’s first call had come while she was heading down the hospital corridor to see Daniel before his operation: ‘No matches on Allan.’
She’d felt immediately deflated. After her mothers call and putting Haffner on to search, her hopes had built: it somehow felt right, one final jigsaw piece she could see slotting neatly into place. Now with no match, all the pieces were scattered again. Back to square one.
She said that she’d call back later; she didn’t want to think about it at that moment, wanted her mind clear for Daniel. Stroking his brow, calming, soothing. 
‘It’ll be okay, don’t worry.’ She had no idea if it would be okay or not: only Ebdon’s percentages to cling to. ‘I’ll be here waiting all the time.’
Then the thought had suddenly hit: Allen? Probably a more common spelling of the surname. Alan would bring up too many keyword matches. And as her eyes became more distant, thoughtful, Daniel asked, ‘Something wrong, mommy?’
‘No, it’s okay.’ She felt the lump like a rock in her throat. ‘Just you keep your chin up for me.’
That trusting smile again. Looking on helplessly as he was wheeled away for his operation, her waving and his small hand waving in return. Tears blurring her vision as he was finally gone from view. She bit her lip. Even those few moments between them she hadn’t kept sacred. Part of her mind was still elsewhere, tracking bombers. 
Long, slow breath before she made the call to Haffner. Moment’s grace.
Then she waited on his return call and news on her son.

Haffner’s call came through twenty minutes later.
‘We’ve hit something: two matches. The first, Thomas Allen, is just another Sergeant. Utah 7th. Not particularly active. But the other’s more interesting: Clayton Allen, second in command in the Virginia militia. One of the more active groups: 800 members and growing fast. Heavy lobbying and Internet activity. And guess what was one of Allen’s key areas of expertise when he was in the army: explosives. He was an explosives expert. No doubt now just compiles their pipe-bomb home page to keep his hand in.’
‘Sounds strong. What else is there on him?’ 
Josette’s excitement mounted as Haffner filled the gaps. Allen’s age, past regiment, current work as a maintenance engineer for a trucking company, home address: Belmont, Virginia. 
‘Less than eighty miles away. We could have a swat team on his doorstep before he’s finished supper.’
Josette was distracted. Sammy had arrived, was heading along the corridor towards her. And as his eyes met hers, again she felt a stab of guilt. The operating theatre was less than twenty yards, but she might as well be a million miles away. Trying to put a face to the name Clayton Allen, imagining him settling down for an evening with hamburger or meatloaf to watch Rambo or Baywatch re-runs, while outside a SWAT team massed, ready to kick down his door. A million miles from where she should be. Here. Now. With Daniel. 
But this was surely different: no longer just an extension of her work or a convenient distraction. This could be the man who’d planted the bomb. This was for Daniel. But each time that echo in her mind sounded emptier.

Haffner went in to see Anderson straight after hanging up from Josette, and it took only another twenty minutes to set everything into motion. 
The nearest FBI station was at Charlottesville. Anderson spoke to the station commander, Lynott, and arranged two agents and three sharpshooters to go in an unmarked van and position discreetly within sight of Allen’s home. 
‘But they’re to do nothing but observe until my men get there. Unless the suspect is seen leaving, in which case they should follow at a discreet distance and radio back for further advice.’ Anderson expected his team of three agents and a sharpshooter to be there within two hours. ‘Haffner, Dave Haffner will be leading and your liaison.’
Lynott said that his own men should be in place within forty minutes.
Haffner put his head around the door as Anderson hung up. 
‘I’ve grabbed another sharpshooter from the CT pool. We could be facing some heavy firepower.’
‘Where’s Josette?’
‘At the hospital. I promised I’d phone her back as soon as I knew what was going down.’
‘Is she expecting to join you?’
‘Don’t know. Don’t think so. I think it’s just to keep her up to date.’ Haffner looked over his shoulder as Vanderwert shouted across, pointing to a flak jacket. ‘Yeah, three. They’ve got their own.’ Then back towards Anderson. ‘You know, courtesy because it was her lead. But I’ll ask her now on the phone.’
‘No, it’s okay. I’ll phone, fill her in. You get rolling. Time’s tight. I’ll tell her you’ll phone again in half an hour or so while on the road.’
Anderson dialed out. Haffner turned away towards Vanderwert and grabbed the proffered flak jacket. But Anderson had purposely fluffed the last few digits and, when Haffner was out of sight, he hung up. He decided to wait fifteen minutes before he made the call. Just to be safe.

‘The Scribe’s pointed to Allen. Clayton Allen in the Virginia militia.’
‘When was this?’ Rowe sat up sharply. He was on his cell-phone on his terrace at Redington Beach.
‘They’ve been working on it most of the day. Just hit on the connection half an hour ago.’
Rowe wondered if Allen knew anything. He was only a number two, and they’d been particularly careful with secrecy: only the heads of each of the nine militias knew of their existence. They’d been strictly instructed not to consult with anyone else in their organization, regardless of how trusted. But the fact that Allen was so high ranking in one of those nine made it too close for comfort. It wasn’t worth risking finding out. 
‘What’s their plan?’
‘They’re going to pull him in. Two teams are heading out right now. First one from Charlottesville aims to be on his doorstep in only twenty-five minutes. That’s why I’ve called now.’
‘Thanks. You did well. I’ll take care of it.’ Rowe hung up and went inside to his computer. Accessing his database, he scrolled down to head of the Virginia militias, Duerden, and dialed.

‘No, I wasn’t planning to. I’m stuck at the hospital. Daniel’s got one of his main operations.’
‘I’m sorry,’ Anderson said. ‘I didn’t know.’
‘Why did you ask?’
‘It’s nothing. Just it seemed there was some urgency in Haffner phoning you back. Thought you might be planning to join up with him.’
‘He said he was going to phone. What happened?’
‘He had to get rolling quickly, so I offered. Then a couple of urgent calls came in, so I couldn’t get hold of you till now. He left about twenty minutes ago – said he’d call after half hour or so on the road.’
Urgent calls? Twenty minutes gap so that Haffner was safely on the road? ‘Would it have mattered if I’d wanted to join Haffner and the team?’
Second’s silence from Anderson. ‘Look, it doesn’t matter now. You’re at the hospital. He’s already heading out there. It’s immaterial.’
‘Not to me, Tony. What’s happening? What’s wrong?’
‘Nothing’s wrong.’ Slow exhalation from Anderson. ‘And even if there was, you don’t need to hear it now. You’ve got enough on your plate with Daniel. Let’s talk tomorrow.’
‘No now, Tony. Let’s talk now. What’s happening?’ Josette saw Sammy and her mother look across. She’d paced a few yards away for privacy, but now they’d heard her raised voice.
Anderson rubbed one hand through his hair, cursing the timing. Of all the nights to let her know. But she wasn’t going to let him off the hook. He sighed heavily. 
‘They don’t want you going out in the field on this one, Josey.’
‘They?’
‘Weaver mostly.’
Josette was numb. ‘I don’t understand. I’ve been working on pretty much the same thing now for over eighteen months.’
‘I know. That was why I was able to swing you staying with handling files and data. But just the backroom stuff – they don’t want you near the front line.’
Josette would have asked why, but she already half knew. Part of her had feared as much when the bomb hit with Daniel. And so she stayed quiet, the numbness settling deeper as Anderson scrambled to explain: personal involvement. Too close. Fear of revenge motivation.
‘...And however much I often disagree with Weaver, he’s got a point this time. In a tight situation with shots fired and a bombing suspect going down – how’s it going to look if it’s your gun that brought him down? Internal investigations, media hype, comparisons to Waco – problems all round. It could end your career, Josey.’
‘So it’s just back-room stuff. Files and searching,’ Josette confirmed resignedly.
‘That’s all I was able to argue for you. And even that was difficult. They’re worried that you could too easily become obsessed with all this – that your judgment will be effected.’
Obsessed? Sammy and her mother were looking over at intervals again. Is that what they were thinking too? Talking on the phone tracking bombers when she should be sat next to them, focused only on Daniel. And now it was being bounced between departments at work: Josey the obsessed. Her hand was shaking on her cell-phone – but was it Daniel’s operation or because she knew at that moment a SWAT team were heading to kick down Allen’s door? 
‘It’s not so bad,’ Anderson said. ‘So you don’t get to confront any of these assholes with your finger on the trigger – so what? You can take out all the revenge you want tracking on the computer, and so far that’s been invaluable.’
She knew Anderson was simply trying to make her feel good. Perhaps it was the sense of powerlessness. Endless hours of pacing and praying while the doctors decided Daniel’s fate – so she’d dived for refuge in what she knew, where she had some control. Now again she was being pushed into the back seat. 
Though equally this hadn’t been easy for Anderson to broach, she thought. She sighed.
‘It’s okay. I understand. When Dave calls, I’ll ask him to keep the line open when they take Allen down. At least it’ll feel as if I’ve got a ringside seat.’

Hi, Clayton. How are you doing?’
‘Fine.’
‘How’s the family?’
‘Everyone’s fine.’ But already Allen was wondering why Ralph Duerden was calling him this Tuesday evening. Duerden was a creature of habit. He normally only phoned on Friday night’s to discuss the weekend’s schedules for meetings and training.
‘Look, Clayton. We got ourselves a problem.’ Duerden repeated the substance of Rowe’s call minutes beforehand.
Allen was incredulous. ‘But I don’t know anything beyond what you told me: that some secret group was planning something spectacular. I didn’t know who – still don’t.’
‘That as may be, Clayton. But even that might be too much. And from you they could get to me – and I do know probably more than I should. Unless you want to spend the next days between a holding cell and interrogation room and risk getting slapped with a conspiracy rap – I suggest you high-tail it out of there quick.’
‘How quick?’
‘Now, Clayton. They’re on their way now. You got no time to lose. Just pack a bag and say bye to your wife and family for a while.’
‘For how long? How long should I stay low?’ Already Allen was in a cold sweat. Now? A wiry and muscular five-ten, the eagle and dagger tattoo on his forearm flexed as he carried the phone two quick paces to the window, peering through the nets. 
‘Maybe as long as a month or two.’
It looked clear outside: no strange cars. His brow knitted. 
‘But I’ll lose my job staying off that time.’
‘That’s why they’re dropping you thirty thousand to stay low for the month. Another fifteen thou if it runs into two months. Plus expenses for an out of town motel. I’ll meet you at the Elmwood Inn in forty minutes, explain the rest of the details. But you got to move now, Clayton.’
‘Yeah, okay. Read you.’
Minutes later he was frantically throwing clothes in a suitcase. His wife and daughter were in the kitchen, his youngest boy was in the back playing ball, his eldest nowhere to be seen. Probably out biking or skate-boarding with friends. His wife Annie had obviously noticed his urgency as he passed the kitchen, and now came up behind him, her eyes on the case.
He knew the argument was coming, but cut it short. Got to the thirty thou plus fifteen as quickly as possible. No time. No time. Suitcase finished, closed. Kit bag opened, shoes thrown in, washbag, a towel. 
‘Almost a year’s salary in one drop, Annie. ‘I’ll send you eight grand straightaway.’
Guns grabbed from the bottom of his cupboard, thrown on the towel: Colt AR-15 carbine, Ruger sawn-off and a Springfield 9mm. He zipped up the kit bag and kissed his wife on the cheek. 
‘Got to be careful with phone calls too. I’ll call in a few days, but won’t stay long on the line.’
Bag in each hand, pulse pumping a double-beat to his lengthening stride down the hallway. But as he took another quick peek through the front window, his heart froze: grey van, thirty yards down on the opposite side. He was already too late.

‘We’re just passing through Remington, about halfway there now. Got the turn off for route fifteen coming up soon...’
‘...Sign for Unionville: eight miles ahead. Just heard from the Charlottesville team. They’ve been in position for the last fifteen minutes now. No sign of the target, except from a registration check it’s his car parked in front. Only sign of activity so far has been a teenage boy returning on his bike eight minutes ago.’
In the background, Josette could hear the thrum of the engine and the wheels turning, a truck passing close the other way. The calls were at intervals – Dave Haffner had promised to keep her posted on their progress. But only brief messages each time; Haffner said that he didn’t want to hold her up long knowing her purpose that evening in the hospital. Why she couldn’t be there with them.
‘It’s the closest I’ll get to any action on this case,’ she commented. ‘Anderson’s afraid I might get trigger happy.’
‘Don’t worry, Josey. Even if you were with us you wouldn’t get a look in. Donagh here, he’s the most trigger-happy guy I know. Soon as Allen looks out the front window, he’s gonna give him an extra eye.’
Josette smiled. ‘Just bring him in. I want to face this guy, even if it means sitting at the back of the interrogation room.’
The calls marking their progress – the sound of the wheels on the road, the image of Haffner hemmed in each side by marksmen with rifles at the ready – gave Josette the feeling that she was almost there with them. Almost. Pacing the hospital corridor impatiently in between, her thoughts dragged back to where she should be. Daniel. 
The two going on at the same time was almost unbearable. She should have listened to Anderson, stayed away the past week. Her nerves grew tauter with each passing minute.
‘Almost two hours now,’ Maria commented.
Next to her Sammy just nodded somberly, his hands clasped anxiously together. He looked again in the direction of the operating theatre.
Josette felt more comfortable on her feet; she’d spent only half the time sat with them. Her nerves wound even tighter sitting down. Immobile. Back seat. Powerless. At least when she was pacing, moving, she could feel that she was partly with them, willing them on. 
Her cell-phone rang again. Haffner. She moved a couple of paces away, held a hand towards her mother and Sammy. ‘Sorry.’
‘... Just rolling past the house now. Bungalow, green clapboard. Suspect’s car in front, dark blue Dodge Sprint. Still no sign of activity or movement according to the Charlottesville team. Probably he’s inside, but no way of knowing for sure.’
Sound of their van rolling slowly past. Josette closed her eyes, shut out the hospital corridor. Put a picture in her mind of Allen’s house, his car; Haffner and the strike team looking on expectantly.
‘...Past now, we’ll turn at the end, head around the block. The Charlottesville team will head off in a minute, then there’ll be a thirty second gap without sight of the house before we roll into position just past. Not a good idea to have two vans in front. They’ll head round the block and then take up position sixty yards back, out of sight. We’ll take the lead from there.’
That picture now almost complete in Josette’s mind. Haffner filled her in on small details as the team sat for a few moments observing: nets with beige floral curtains at the front of the house, hardly any lawn, the drive paved wider to allow for an extra car, bumper sticker for the Virginia Militia: Historic Rights and Wrongs. Your Rights, Government Wrongs.
Then Haffner announced: ‘Okay, we’re moving in.’ Mumbled directions to the rest of the team, only part of which she caught; brushing of clothing against the mouthpiece, rustling, van doors opening, closing, rushing footsteps. And Josette felt her adrenalin suddenly pumping, as if she suddenly was there with them. Her hand trembled on her cell-phone.
Haffner’s breathing staccato now: ‘One marksman, one agent – going around now to the back. Two of us here for the front door.... we’ll be covered by the other team moving into place’
‘Be careful, Dave.’
‘Don’t worry. One marksman will be trained just on the front of the house. Any flicker of movement or gun in sight, he’ll take them out.’
There with them. Adrenalin pumping. Sharing Haffner’s excitement, his tension and fear. The rush of footsteps, the house jolting in his vision as he approached. The door knocked loudly and the bell rang. Rustling movement, struggling to control their labored breathing as they waited for it to open.
Sammy and her mother looking over. Perhaps because of the length of the call this time, or noticing her sudden tension and excitement. Guilt again. She closed her eyes, back with Haffner at the front of the house, waiting expectantly. 
And suddenly she thought: if that image was clear, then why not what was most important to her at this moment: Daniel on the operating table, his small, frail body inert as Ebdon fought to repair the vertebrae that would prevent him being paralyzed. But there was no image, no picture in her mind. Just the stark hospital corridor and Sammy and her mother’s anxious looks. 
Haffner’s voice again, announcing they were FBI. ‘We have reason to believe illegal explosives and arms are being kept here. We have an arrest warrant here for your husband and a search warrant for the house.’
Woman’s voice answering that he wasn’t there. ‘Hasn’t been for the past almost two hours.’
‘We still have to check and conduct the explosives search. Thank you, mam’
Sound of feet on the corridor, Haffner directing Donagh to check the back of the house. 
Rushing, light banging. Allen’s wife shouting something muffled in the background. The images for a moment were unclear, Josette wondering what was going on. 
‘Be careful, Dave. Careful.’
Blinding skyward light. Flash images of the wreckage: a handbag, a child’s doll. Seek the truth in horror’s middle name. 
‘...Careful!’
‘It’s okay. Some movement out the back. Just going to see... ‘
Gaskin holding up the length of metal pipe. Her racing in a squad car behind the ambulance taking Daniel from the bombsite, blue flashing lights filling the night. Horror’s. Middle. Name.
But still she couldn’t picture Daniel now in the operating theatre. Only the stark hospital corridor stretched out ahead, the voices of people passing now with an echo, distorted. 
‘Something... sommm.... Oh Jeez!’
More rustling, then the sound of two gunshots, startlingly loud before a heavier clatter and a thud. Then a buzz and the dialing tone.
Josette stared hard at the dead line. A pall of despair swilled her stomach, made her feel queasy. And she wished now that the images of her ringside seat hadn’t been so strong, so clear.


Chapter 12

It was raining heavily but still a warm 76ºF, the humidity high.
Cagill had always liked the grandeur of Southern style facades, so when his house was built eight years ago, although he’d mostly followed his architect’s recommendation, his own personal stamp had been put on the facades: covered terraces both sides, deeper at the back than front, with white columns stretching two floors to the roof gables. The architect had maintained some integrity by insisting that the columns weren’t ornate in any way, no cornices or architraves, just smooth, round white to match its modern lines: flat white walls and acres of tinted glass.
The backdrop to where Cagill now sat under the back covered terrace with Rowe and Koenitz. Ahead was the pool area, half obscured through sheets of misty rain. Late morning, Hansford had served coffee and was laying out a selection of snacks prepared by Cagill’s Mexican chef. Hansford offered each fresh plate around directly it came out the kitchen before leaving it on the table.
Cagill nodded thoughtfully as Rowe explained the saga with Clayton Allen and Duerden. 
‘And your man feeding the information is reliable?’
‘Absolutely. He told me only days before that they were trying to use the Scribe to track down clues. And before that their uncovering the plane crash was a bomb.’
‘Any more progress on that front?’
‘No. They have no idea who or why. Or that there might be a connection to the Washington bomb. And the press speculation we saw last week about the Scribe, much of that originated from the bureau. You know, when they made the link because no timer was used, just raw explosives.’
Cagill nodded, looked at Koenitz briefly. When they’d first heard the FBI was sure it was a bomb, Cagill had grilled Koenitz: ‘I thought you said it wouldn’t be uncovered.’ Then a day later the reprieve; the lack of timer providing a useful detour to the Scribe. Happy accident. But Koenitz now was only half paying attention, was picking at a fresh plate Hansford proffered: prawns in chilli seasoned breadcrumbs. 
‘And once the Scribe was in the frame, that was what gave them the idea of using him,’ Rowe said. ‘Playing on his outrage that his good name had been muddied.’ 
‘Do you think the Scribe really knows anything?’
‘Unlikely.’ Rowe had pondered little else since the problem arose. He explained his thinking: only fifteen militias considered as extreme and potentially volatile, so odds of a strike among the nine CRA members were high. Explosives experts among the hierarchy narrowed it down more: six names, four of which would have caused them similar alarm. ‘I think he’s fishing. Just struck lucky.’
‘Do you think he’s part of any militia group.’
‘Probably not. Might have been earlier, but not now.’ Rowe recalled the bureau’s report. ‘His style’s too independent. Let’s face it, none of this information’s that difficult to find,’ Rowe shrugged. ‘Allen’s not exactly low profile. He and a dozen others regularly compile pipe bomb home-pages. The Scribe could have find out through anyone: a friend or cousin in the militias.’
‘And Duerden hasn’t said anything to Allen?’
‘He says not.’
Cagill’s blue eyes glinted sharply at Rowe a second longer, then settled back. But Rowe knew that look well. Cagill probably contemplating whether any preventive action might be needed against Allen or Duerden, before deciding against it. One of the militia hierarchy suddenly hit might make the others start running for cover, doing deals with the feds. Rowe wondered if that was why Cagill had invited Koenitz: instant input if a hit had been deemed appropriate. Koenitz’s presence so far had been redundant. There just to make a dent on the snacks Hansford laid out.
‘So, how are we doing with our main prize?’ Cagill asked. ‘The illustrious Andrew Landry.’
As Rowe brought him up to date, Cagill nibbled at a tamale, grabbed some pecans. Cagill became more serious as Rowe related his last conversation with Landry. 
‘Do you think he’s telling the truth? Or is it just a bluff to get off the hook?’
‘Bit of both. He desperately wants out. But it’s also probably true that Weimann’s built up too strong a soap box on this to let go. The right idea comes up, support will snowball quickly. Landry will just be one voice swimming against the tide. He might swing another debate or two, but eventually he’ll strike out.’
‘That’s a shame. I was hoping he might be our main ticket.’
‘We could have a good run with him, though. Push this constitutional crusade of Weimann’s back some. Perhaps if we’re lucky, Landry running enough interference to swing this latest Cullen extension when it hits the Senate.’
‘So. A season’s run.’ Cagill grimaced. He looked out through the rain and mist, thoughtful, as if searching for something indiscernible. Then his eyes settled back on Rowe.
‘Not quite the same though as having the permanent keys to Capitol Hill. Shame he’s not in the driver’s seat.’
Rowe smiled slowly. ‘Couldn’t dig up any of Weimann’s old boyfriends, I’m afraid.’ 
But Cagill didn’t smile, his gaze remained constant, unflinching. And suddenly the realization hit Rowe like a thunderbolt: Koenitz’s presence, and now that cold, determined look which he knew so well. Cagill had probably been weighing up this since their first conversation about Landry: ‘He’s willing to play, but concerned how effective he might be. He can only influence, not make the running.’ And now Cagill had all but made up his mind: he wanted Landry in the driver’s seat!
‘Then we really would have achieved something,’ Cagill said.
‘Yes, I suppose so,’ Rowe agreed emptily. As Cagill nodded and lowered his eyes, a final pressing home that Rowe understood – Rowe looked away. Searching too for answers among the mist and rain. The view petered out beyond the swimming pool gazebo, the lawn receding rapidly into grey mist, the last markers two palm trees. The damp of the mist touched him for the first time, goose bumps running up his spine. He shivered. A sudden image of a similar small group of men sat four decades ago to plot Kennedy’s death. 
Cagill would no doubt brief Koenitz, now or a bit later, and the dye would be cast. Another chapter in history forever re-written. But Koenitz remained oblivious to the sudden change of path their conversation had taken.
He picked up another leg of chicken escabeche, happily chewing. ‘Real good, this. Real good.’

Bernard wondered what had made him so anti-gun. It wasn’t a sudden thing, had been built up in layers over time.
His first clear memory of guns were the duty guards on the few occasions he was with his mother when she met his father at the embassy. And outside of that the police: few memories of the public with guns, except the farmers and weekend hunters with their shotguns in Italy. Denmark, Switzerland, Italy, even in Jordan the gun death rate was low; pre-Iraq most of the extremism and terrorism was confined to Lebanon and Israel. But most important was how Bernard had felt during that childhood: safe. Crazies running about with guns was something he just hadn’t thought about.
Nor did he have any reference then that America might be any different – until his father received the letter about Michael being killed. Michael was his father’s best friend from university, a successful coffee trader who spent half his time jetting between New York, Costa Rica and Colombia. He’d visited them only the year before in Italy. Had he been killed in violent, drug ridden Colombia perhaps? No, his car broke down late at night on a New York freeway, and while changing a tyre he was mugged and shot. It happened every day.
Only nine at the time, the incident had a profound impact on Bernard. Though only a flying visit, Michael had struck up an almost instant camaraderie with Bernard – a year younger than his own son, Brad – playfully ruffling Bernard’s hair as he perched on the present of a New York Dodgers cap. Bernard wore it habitually for two years after, until it wouldn’t fit any more. Michael’s death left a strong and vivid impression: of America as a dangerous and hostile place where desperate people with guns roamed free, and good people like Michael were killed regularly. And young boys like Brad, little more than his own age, were left without their fathers.
As children often do, he’d asked naively: ‘Why do people have guns?’ And his father, after stumbling hesitantly through a few lame answers, finally shook his head. ‘There really are no good reasons.’
And then when Bernard was fourteen, he’d met Darren Clemey. Bernard’s first experience of a true redneck. Bernard’s pet names for him changed from week to week: the Alamo asshole, the Dallas dummy – though both were miles from Clemey’s home town of Kingsville. Bernard couldn’t think of any Texas towns to alliterate with Neanderthal or redneck.
Clemey was twenty-two going on twelve, and ran the local English language video shop in Jordan brought by his father, an oil-field geophysicist. The shop was popular with embassy staff and the local American oil workers. Clemey talked of college and happy days in Kingsville, but rumor had it that he’d done a short spell in prison for being an accomplice in a car theft – and so his father had spirited him away to run the video shop to keep him from slipping further into bad ways and the wrong crowd.
Clemey’s true colors quickly became transparent through his film recommendations: strong preference for military-ops and Rambo films. Anything which had a body count of less than fifty in the first half hour lost his interest quickly. The ‘Mississippi Burnings’ was biased, ‘Glory’ over-glorified, holocaust films were mostly inaccurate, and those in any way condoning gays and lesbianism, disgusting. A true John Bircher, Clemey’s dislike of blacks wasn’t so openly hostile that Bernard felt awkward visiting – just condescending. Bernard’s payback was continually ignoring Clemey’s recommendations, though not through spite; he picked up quickly that whatever films Clemey hated, the Tanner family would probably love.
And then one day discussing a film they hit on the subject of gun control, and the debate became quickly heated. Clemey trotted out all the classic lines: ‘It’s not guns that kill people, its people.’ ‘I was taught to have respect for guns – it would never even cross my mind to point one at another human being.’ ‘The gun’s part of our national pride, our history. Do you realize that if we were ever overrun by communists, all of those gun owners out there constitute the largest private army in the world.’
Now the threat of Communist invasion had long gone, but others had taken their place: various conspiracies of the US government or United Nations forces invading. Anything to argue clinging to their guns. No doubt when those threats lost steam, they would join forces with the UFO doomwatchers to defend against impending invasion from Pluto or the outer Borealis, ready to fire salvos of rounds up the ass of ‘Independence Day’ style spaceships.
Bernard shook his head. The whole thing was pathetic. He hadn’t argued much with Clemey at the time: too young to find his own voice on the subject. But at sixteen they’d left Jordan for Washington, and he’d since come across several Clemeys. A year before leaving for Oxford, one high-school pro-gunner slightly more informed than the average Clemey had pointed out that most Swiss males were issued guns as part of the nation’s ‘on call’ militia, and it hadn’t caused problems there. But Bernard couldn’t see much mileage in plumbing the psychological difference in gun attitudes between the Swiss and Americans for Kenyon’s thesis.
 He looked back at his headline notes, mostly punchy keywords to hopefully prompt some inspiration: Discriminatory: must aim to be common spirited. One law for all. Clear definition of militias. Free State. Security? People: collective or individual right?
After two hours, all he’d ended up with was a messy three pages of crossings out and re-drafts. Possibly only two or three paragraphs showed some promise, looked as if they were heading somewhere. And he was tired, his concentration fading. He polished a few words and phrases, but with nothing fresh or innovative after another half hour, he headed for bed.

Tony Anderson mulled over Josette’s suggestion. It made sense, but the logistics could be a nightmare. 
‘Do we stop sharing altogether? Or do we still share with all CT departments, but draw the line with CI. That could be harder to control – more people involved.’
‘I think we’ve got to cut everything off outside our department. Just keep it within our fourteen and the trench clerks. Twenty-three people. Easier to control, more effective, and stronger safeguards.’ Josette watched Anderson grapple with the dilemma. After the fiasco with Clayton Allen, surely he could see that something had to be done. 
Haffner had apologized for giving her such a fright, but the situation had called for speedy action. He’d seen Allen’s teenage son bolting for the back door and feared the sharpshooters might fire at a quickly emerging target. Haffner bolted after him and, realizing he wouldn’t catch him, fired two warning shots into the air – a second before stumbling over in his haste. His cell-phone smashed, his gun flew out his hand – but it had the desired result. The boy froze. Haffner called Josette back a few minutes later on Vanderwert’s cell-phone to explain.
From talking to a neighbor, it appeared Allen had left the house only minutes before they rolled into position. The Charlottesville team claimed they’d been discreet, nobody had stepped outside the van, and it had no unusual markings which might have alerted Allen. Only one conclusion: Allen knew they were coming.
Anderson was pensive. ‘If Allen knew we were coming, why didn’t he get out of their earlier?’
‘By the time it came down the line from us to other departments, Allen probably had very little warning that a team was on its way.’
‘But the Charlottesville Station knew earlier. So if a leak came from anywhere, it was probably from there – they’re on his doorstep. Good ‘ol local boys sticking together. Closing ranks on our operations here might not help.’
‘Is it worth the risk, Tony? If the leak is from this building, each time we get close it’s going to get pulled from under our noses. And next time someone could get hurt. Allen could have just as easily decided to fight it out. Spent the ten minutes greasing his guns, preparing ammo and phoning for reinforcements: some of his militia buddies with grenades and rocket launchers. We could have had another Waco on our hands.’
Anderson stroked his chin. ‘If we shut down sharing with the rest of CT and CI, the same could work in reverse. I go to Weaver with this and he could argue why in turn should they share with us? The leak could be right here in our team. And while that might be the only way to isolate the problem – if none of us are sharing information, progress is going to be slow.’
Josette could see the dilemma of this call etched on Anderson’s face: battling through departmental barriers with Weaver balanced against the daunting reality of a traitor within. Nobody wanted to admit that, and no doubt Weaver too would parry and resist. Then, quietly and cleanly, he’d do something about it. Otherwise that cancer of distrust could quickly spread. 
Josette had felt it weighing heavy on her shoulders in those first hours of knowing. Hushed whispers with Haffner, both of them looking around anxiously at colleagues, her shielding part of her computer screen from Franklin as he’d walked in her cubicle. 
Instant paranoia – but it was the one thing they all feared most. Mistrusted, resented and sometimes shot at by the world outside, and they shrugged it off. All part of the job. But betrayal by one of their own was unacceptable.
The news that Daniel’s operation had gone well – they’d know more in twenty-four hours – had come not long after the relief that Haffner was okay. Then she was winded again with the body blow of the internal betrayal. She glanced thoughtfully towards the trench: people she’d always felt she could talk to, trust. She wasn’t sure how she’d adjust to this new situation of constantly looking over her shoulder.
Or to the new element now introduced: uncovering that betrayer would become almost as important as finding the bombers.

In the dream, Clemey was the bomber. That same stupid smile as he put the explosives in place: It’s not guns that kill people, it’s people.’ 
Then Bernard was looking at the mountain of rubble, much the same as he’d seen it on newscasts, and he didn’t realize Clemey was standing only a few paces away until Daniel emerged and started pointing at him. 
Caught up with the joy of seeing Daniel walking, Bernard was slow in turning to see Clemey. A light mist obscured and, as it cleared, Clemey was no longer there and the crowds had thinned. Still people milling, but somehow different: a square. And Bernard too was pointing. 
Not much older than Daniel was now, holding his father’s hand in Vatican Square, pointing to the Swiss Guard. But as his father started to explain the history of the Swiss army and why they guarded the Vatican, Bernard was distracted: he could see Daniel coming across the square towards them in a wheelchair. 
Bernard was confused. He’d just seen Daniel walking!
The images were still indistinct, Bernard couldn’t see who was pushing the wheelchair. His father’s voice fought for dominance, as if it was vital he listen at that moment. ‘Most Swiss males are issued guns as part of their ‘on call’ militia, and it hasn’t caused problems there...’ 
The figure behind the wheelchair was finally clear: Josette, distraught, tears rolling down her cheeks: ‘Look what they’ve done to Daniel. Help me, Bernard. For God’s sake, help me!’
He reached out a hand, but the hand that gripped back was sticky with blood, pulling him close. And the face was suddenly Clemey’s. 
‘Fooled again. I told you: It’s not guns, it’s people!’ 
Bernard woke up with a jolt. He was sweating, breathless, but suddenly it was all there with startling clarity: Swiss Guard, ‘on call’ militia. He blinked slowly at his alarm clock: 5.24. a.m. But he feared that if he fell back asleep, the clarity might fade. He got out of bed and went to his notes.

The call came through on Landry’s private line at the White House. Landry recognized the voice instantly. Two days since the last call.
‘I’ve been thinking about what you said last time. And perhaps you have a point. There’s only so much you can do from your position.’
‘I see.’ Bland, non-committal. Landry’s nerves were immediately on edge. His PA Jennifer was hovering at the side of his desk with a folder. He nodded to the desk and she put the folder down.
‘And so we’d like to offer our support more, try and help.’
Jennifer’s footsteps slowly receding. Door finally closing. 
‘In what way?’
Rowe smiled to himself. By killing the President. Wasn’t the sort of thing you dropped as a by-the-way, or tried to bury under a hasty cough. And besides, that wouldn’t give them the sound bite they now wanted. 
‘Let’s just say we’ve picked up on all your past inferences, and we’re finally going to do something about it.’ With the following silence, Rowe added, ‘Come on, Andy. You think you’re our only political option. We got other irons in the fire. But we gotta be discreet here, not compromise your integrity. I mean you wouldn’t like it if we told some other Senator in our pocket about the grip we’ve got on you.’
Landry stroked his forehead. His caller was usually so direct; this new ambiguity was out of place, unsettling. The only people Landry could think might help were others at the heart of the debate – like Tindall and Cullen. But this vague inference was probably to a fringe Senator or two in their payroll. 
‘What, you really think some tame Senator’s going to help?’
Not what they wanted, thought Rowe. Landry was still being guarded. He wished now he hadn’t told Landry about the conversations being taped. 
‘Come on, Andy. You insult my intelligence.’
‘Just that I don’t see how it can help unless you’re going to influence someone at the heart of this debate.’
‘Exactly our sentiment.’
‘A key player.’ 
Landry left a gap, hoping his caller might fill it. Some clue. Something so that at the next debate he didn’t have to try and guess from subtle winks or mason’s handshakes the other player. The thought of two of them in the same tight group, both knowing there was another traitor but not who, made his blood run cold. 
‘You don’t mince words, do you Andy. Key player. You want to make doubly sure that we take the action you’ve guided us to these last few calls.’ Rowe glanced across the room to Cagill listening in on the second phone, hanging on every word. ‘But at the same time I’m sure you fully appreciate us continuing to protect your integrity, keeping you clean and clear.’
Landry shook his head. Around in circles. But as they’d said, he wouldn’t like someone else knowing about the grip they had on him. Might even be a total bluff. 
‘Look, I don’t care.’ He sighed. ‘Do whatever you have to. Just don’t expect me to swing too many debates from the position I’m in, because as I’ve told you before, it’s difficult. If not impossible. I can only do so much.’
Cagill smiled, pinched together his forefinger and thumb in a perfect O. 
Rowe nodded. It was probably the closest they were going to get. 
‘I know, Andy. We get the message loud and clear, even though it’s difficult for you to say straight out. We understand that. But we’re going to do something about it, don’t worry. Just so you’re clear when it goes down – it was all for you.’ Rowe hung up.
Landry looked quizzically at his phone for a few seconds after. But at least the pressure for the moment was off him doing anything. They’d taken the ball back in their court.
Cagill lifted the receiver, dialed straight out again. ‘Okay, let’s get Koenitz back in. Give him his final briefing.’


Chapter 13

Josette picked up one side of Daniel, wrapping one arm around his back and the other supporting his upper thigh, following the direction of the hospital orderly Daniel’s other side. She could feel where the thigh muscle had atrophied, the skin soft and loose to her touch. She bit back the sudden pang of pity, just wanted to smile for him at this moment, reassure. They lowered him gently into the wheelchair. 
Two hospital orderlies had offered to lift him in, but she’d wanted to do this for herself. To touch Daniel, something physical to mark his transition from hospital to home. And over the next weeks and months, when either the nurse or her mother wasn’t there, she’d have to get used to caring for him, lifting him in and out of his wheelchair. 
Barry Conaghan looked on concernedly, asked if he could help. 
‘No, it’s okay. Just if you could bring the van around so that it’s in the right position to wheel Daniel straight in.’
Barry smiled tightly, nodded and headed off. Josette thanked the orderlies and wheeled Daniel out into the corridor, by which time Barry was at its end. She looked after him fondly.
The week since Daniel’s operation had been frantic: more charts, X-rays and prognoses; three training sessions for her to learn the basics of home-care physio, overseeing the carpenter building the ramp, organizing an ‘outreach’ home-care nurse, making sure the check list of medications and bandages were in the house. She didn’t know how she would have got through it without Barry.
She’d met him at the second home physio training session. He’d been through it all before almost two years ago with his fifteen year old son: motorbike pillion passenger accident. Both legs broken, possible spinal complications. His son had recovered well, but just ten days ago had suffered a relapse from muscle strain. 
Barry was divorced and his wife had coped last time. But because his son would spend four of his next eight weekends with Barry, the home care sessions had seemed a good idea. The last thing he wanted to do was phone his ex to ask how to cope and which bandages to change.
Josette took to him straightaway. Not just the common ground of their sons’ injuries, but his easy manner and looks that were easy on the eye too: just over six foot, dark wavy hair, hazel-green eyes. 
Barry was a design draftsman with an engineering company, liked his job, but felt that family life came first. The divorce wasn’t his idea, even though he’d found out first about his wife’s affair rather than her admit it. He would have happily kept the family together, felt that they’d let their children down by divorcing.
Crippled child. Reluctantly separated. Pretty much like herself, she thought over a drink after their last physio training session. But most of all Barry came across as caring, sincere: here was a man who had been through it all already with his own son. Who knew how she felt, what she could expect and might experience. Then quickly pinched herself at that thought: he was surely more than just an emotional crutch? 
Josette looked up as the elevator pinged. Barry had already raced ahead with the elevator before, anxious to get the van into position for when she came out with Daniel.
Over their next two dates together – another drink and a dinner – he filled in the gaps: Thirty seven years old, originally from Dayton, Ohio, his mother was also Italian. More common ground. His father was Irish, worked his way up from the warehouse floor to senior management with a large construction materials chain.
After their third date at i Richi, an Italian restaurant on 19th St, she took him home and they ended up in bed – though looking back, at the outset of the evening it certainly hadn’t been pre-planned, nor could she recall the moment she’d made the conscious decision. Just happened. The soft lilt of his voice, the laughter and sparkle in his eyes, compassion when the subject turned to Daniel or his son Mark. But in the end it was probably the thought of being left alone in the house that night – the last before picking up Daniel. Sudden empty feeling. Knowing that once again she would dwell, stay awake much of the night: the thought of somebody else to cling to was suddenly comforting, warming. And it had been so long. So long.
But the pleasure was almost too intense, and straight after her orgasm hit so had the tears. Rolling away from Barry as she sobbed out the pleasure of the past minutes, the pain of the past ten days. 
‘Everything alright?’ Barry beamed from the van. He leapt out and opened the side door and flipped down a small ramp.
‘Yes, fine.’ Together they wheeled Daniel in, then lifted him onto a seat and flipped down the wheelchair. Converted Spacewagon. Daniel looked excited at the prospect of riding in it. 
For the first minutes of the drive, Barry talked to Daniel: Was the food good in the hospital or was he looking forward to getting back to his mom’s cooking? What was the first thing he was going to do when his legs got better: running, basketball, skateboarding? Going to show Michael Jordan a thing or two was he? Daniel smiled and giggled as Barry joshed him. 
While they talked, she checked her cell-phone messages. Still nothing on Clayton Allen. Five days now since Tony Anderson and Weaver had set up a ‘buffer’ section to protect against internal leaks, three of which she’d been away from the office, finally taking Anderson’s advice. She’d needed the time to prepare for Daniel’s homecoming: the ramp, final arrangements for the homecare nurse, stocking up on groceries and medication. 
Then just that morning came a possible breakthrough on Ralph Duerden: past Virginia militia member who’d left on bad terms and might have something useful. Josette had been waiting anxiously on update news.
Barry picked up on her anxiety, put one hand over hers. 
‘You should forget all about it, at least for today. Leave today free just for Daniel.’
She nodded. He was right. For Daniel. And not for the first time she had the thought about Barry Conaghan: he was good for her.

Koenitz raised his bottle of Singah beer to Milner, and they both took the first slugs. The ‘Mole’ as he was known from their Vietnam days together: the platoon expert at uncovering Vietcong foxholes. Jesus, had it really been thirty-five years? 
‘How much did you say?’ asked Milner.
Koenitz was sure Milner had heard it clearly the first time. Perhaps he just liked hearing the figure or hadn’t quite followed the payment breakdown. 
‘Cool half million. Two fifty straightaway. Fifty each year for five years.’ 
Milner nodded thoughtfully, half smiled, and took another slug of beer.
Koenitz felt the soft warm breeze play across his face as he squinted against the sun, contemplating the broad sweep of Patang bay. More travel, more dirty work; but at least this time it beat the hell out of Russia. The bar’s open terrace was a small wood jetty supported a few feet above the water on rough wood poles. Koenitz could remember sitting at a similar bar in Pattaya with Milner, ten days R & R after Vietnam. 
‘Not bad for an afternoon’s work.’
‘Yeah.’
Koenitz was sure Milner would take the plunge. He’d seen the glint in Milner’s eye when he first mentioned the figure, and it was there again now as Milner too looked out across the bay. His backyard view the past nine years, but probably now looking at it in a slightly different light: what life would the half million bring him here; a yacht bobbing out in the harbor perhaps, or would he move on somewhere else?
When Koenitz had made it clear he would need a three man team for the op, Rowe’s criteria had been strict: ex-pats, but with no past form or problems. ‘They move in cleanly – and move out again equally cleanly and quickly. No trace. No links.’ Apart from professional aptitude, which Rowe left to Koenitz’s judgment – ‘you’ll have to work with them’ – a need for the money and no love lost for the government were also seen as pre-requisite.
Government disillusionment among his old Vietnam buddies was an easy find, but John Milner was the only ex-pat with the right skills he could think of. The other had to be found closer to home: Max Neale. Tracked down to a car body shop the back end of Anaheim. But Neale had spent almost ten years in Mexico and Koenitz recalled Neale talking fondly of Puerto Vallarta, of perhaps making his way back there one day. Koenitz’s hunch was right: Neale didn’t have too much to stay for. 
Now Milner. Koenitz knew that Milner had had his share of ups and downs: a scuba dive shop in Pattaya that went bust, a spell with some strong arm and protection work. Koenitz knew that the cash would change Milner’s life. 
The President? Milner had been incredulous at first at the plan. They’d been leaning over the railings at the end, out of earshot of the barman, both looking thoughtfully into the clear, shallow water. Vietnam. No love lost. Eighteen years away now.
‘Half million, you say?’
Koenitz nodded, smiled, took another slug.

Tapas at Jaleo on 7th St, a block over from Pennsylvania Avenue.
Josette, Dave Haffner and Gerry Franklin ordered two favorite dishes each, then they shared around. Haffner and Franklin were curious about her new boyfriend. ‘What’s he like? How long now? Ten days... uhm. What’s his work?’ They ordered more dishes in between. Curious, but trying not to appear too prying, personal. Franklin pointed a crab’s claw. 
‘You’ll probably find Sammy’ll start sniffing around, getting interested again. Always the way. Didn’t you tell me he’s relocating to a newspaper here now. I thought you said that’s something he’d never consider.’
‘Yeah. But he’s doing it for Daniel, not me. Suddenly he’s feeling guilty with all the time spent away; that what’s happened with Daniel is partly his fault.’ Josette shrugged. ‘Besides, he’s stuck on some new girl. Happened way before I met Barry. She’s re-locating here too in a week or so.’
Franklin nodded, looked down, spooned some rinones onto his plate.
Haffner was thoughtful. Taut half smile. ‘So, the same thing happened a while back with his own son?’
‘Yeah.’
‘Maybe just what you need now. Moral support. Bit of medical advice thrown in. Can he cook too? Is he ecologically concerned? Could be a millennium-man nomination here.’
Josette saw Haffner’s smile broaden, and she pushed his shoulder gently. ‘I’ll let you know. Next time he comes around, I’ll ask his view on the rain forests. Then pass him an apron, chicken breasts, peppers and a kitchen knife, and say: “Surprise me”
‘Isn’t that what someone said to Dahmer,’ Franklin jibed. ‘Big mistake.’
Haffner coughed and laughed at the same time. ‘Please?’ He patted his chest, looked back at Josette. ‘Does your mom like him?’
‘Yeah. Fell for him straightaway. He heard that she was Italian and taught literature part time. So last time around when she was baby-sitting Daniel – he brought her a ‘Three Tenors’ CD.’
‘Uh... uh,’ Franklin said. ‘Looks like this guys serious. Presents for your mum.’
‘Yep,’ Haffner agreed. ‘Life-time sentence. Once your mom likes him, there’s no way you’re going to get off the hook.’
Josette raised an eyebrow. Mock sternness. ‘Give us a break, huh?’
Haffner smiled, raised his fork in submission. They were silent for a moment, eating. Magdalena was playing from behind the bar. The barman to their side swayed and gyrated to it as he poured drinks.
Josette reflected that at least among close colleagues, the stifling pall hanging over their section with news of an inside leak had lifted quickly. But outside of that work comments were still stilted, guarded. 
‘You like him, don’t you?’ Haffner was looking at her directly. A mellow, concerned look; all the tease had gone.
She felt safe answering honestly. ‘Yes, I do. Very much.’
‘Well, that’s all that matters then. Our memories of the first bloom of love are about as clear as Reagan’s over Irangate. Take no notice if–’ Haffner broke off as his cell-phone rang. After a second: ‘Yeah... Okay. When can we start following up? Yeah.... Okay. Yeah. Lucky for us he does play that way now and then. I know. I understand.’
Haffner tucked his phone back in his jacket. ‘Anderson. That lead on Duerden just came in.’ Haffner filled them in on the details.
Franklin nodded, signaling for the bill. Minutes later they were heading for the door, a third of the tapas left untouched.

Bernard paced. Stopped. Wrote a line. Paced again. Bent over his notepad. Three lines this time. Quick sip of coffee. Stared hard, thoughtful. Tapped his pen. Rubbed his forehead. Think.... think! Up again abruptly, more pacing. Another line. Pacing. Coffee. Back. Two lines.
Bernard was desperately afraid of losing the flow. The thoughts were clear in his mind, the problem was getting that clarity down on paper. 
Switzerland. On call militia. It worked for them, so... but control and security would need to be different. A simple induction and then a gun in the cupboard was too easy. Bernard could imagine the objections winging in: Too much temptation. Many might not abide by the rules, start using the guns for other purposes. And they could be stolen. More guns in circulation in the wrong hands. Defeats the object.
Another gulp of coffee. He massaged his temples, half closing his eyes. The key had to be there somewhere. It satisfied every other criteria: militia. Common spirited: one law for all. Adhered strongly to the wording of the Second Amendment. 
Bernard glanced back over what he’d written. The core spirit of those links was almost there. Almost. A bit more polishing and re-drafting: 6.52. Over an hour now he’d been working on it. Now this one last hurdle. All he had to do was adapt it to American society, build in those final safeguards. He clenched one fist, willing himself on. All he had to do…

I’m the only one,’ Josette pressed. ‘Nobody else can do this.’ 
Once again she was in Anderson’s office, pleading. But this time he looked decidedly more uncomfortable. He got up, started pacing.
‘I don’t know. I still don’t like it.’ He looked back directly, visibly weighing Josette. ‘There’s too much risk. And the whole idea was to keep you away from the front line – not throw you in like this.’
‘But that was mainly fear of me firing off a hasty shot. I won’t be armed. Just a hooker up at the end of the bar chewing gum.’
Still Anderson wasn’t convinced. Too much could go wrong.
Duerden’s secret life. Like Allen, he’d gone to ground. No trace, and his wife said she had no idea where he was. ‘Could be months away for all I know. Or care.’ Then they’d tracked down an ex-Virginia Militia member, Jack Lomas, who’d left on bad terms. ‘If he’s away from his wife, he’s bound to show up one of these places sooner or later.’ A hooker’s bar and two motels Duerden frequented with pick-ups. They’d gone straight to the motels: nothing. Now it was down to staking out the hooker’s bar.
The problem was Duerden had ducked out of the system long ago: the last police file photo was from a grievous assault charge eleven years ago, and Duerden’s wife hadn’t been forthcoming with any new photos. ‘He don’t look like that any more,’ Lomas pointed out. ‘He’s a lot fatter and had a beard and moustache last time I saw him a year or so back. Might have shaved it off now. But anyways – you’re going to have trouble recognizing him if that’s all you got.’
Little choice. They would have to put someone on observation inside the bar picking up on conversations: the barman or friends calling out Ralph. Wasn’t that common a name. Between a half identification and the name called, they’d have him. But Lomas pointed out that the bar was mostly a no-go area outside of regulars and recommendations. 
‘Sandy sent me type of thing. Aside from the hookers, there’s too much going on below the counter for them to take the risk: drug deals, guns, you name it. Newcomers are greeted with silence and hard stares. The only bit of changing scenery that don’t raise no eyebrows are the hookers. New girls working the downtown, sooner or later they start swinging around to Tooley’s.’
‘I’m ideal for it,’ Josette supported. She glanced towards the trench. ‘And who else is there? Come on. I’d make a great hooker.’
Anderson half smiled, looked Josette up and down appreciatively. But he bit back his first thought; might get him into trouble. His expression clouded again. 
‘We can’t send you in there armed with no more than a smile and a slit dress. The place is a real snake pit. Duerden will be heavily armed, along with half the assholes in there – some of them his buddies. You smile lopsided, and suddenly you’re going to be facing the business end of a dozen gun barrels. It’s too risky.’
Josette sat forward. ‘But if we’re still keeping this just to our section, as we agreed, there’s only the two of us – and I don’t think Linda would pull it off as a hooker. Even if she could – the risk would be the same for her. As you said, no guns. Just what a hooker might normally have in her purse: some mace, a small flick knife perhaps. Cell-phone and bleeper. That’s the main protection right there.’
Bleeper. Almost laughable, thought Anderson: hookers these days like doctors. Essential services, on-call twenty-four hours – many of them with cell-phones and bleepers linked to message switchboards for their adverts placed. But this would be no ordinary bleeper. One press would signal the swat team in an unmarked van outside to storm in.
Anderson ran one hand roughly through his hair. Josette was probably right. Having put the buffers in place, letting this outside their own section would endanger the whole operation: only Weaver would know, the SWAT team would only be alerted at the last moment and wouldn’t know their final destination and target until actually rolling. No Allen repeats. And narrowed down to just two women, the risks be the same for Linda Fulton – even if she could, by any stretch of the imagination, look convincing in hot pants. 
He noticed the coffee he’d left forgotten for a moment on his desk, and sat back down, sipped at it. The details from the officer who’d handled Duerden’s grievous assault were fresh on his mind. ‘He slashed the guy’s face so hard with the hunting knife that it shattered the cheekbone before ripping clean down. If it wasn’t for the obstruction of the jawbone, he’d have probably sliced straight through the jugular as well.’ Anderson shuddered. The coffee offered little warmth against the chill that ran through him. 
‘I don’t know. I don’t like it... I just don’t like it.’
But as in the past – through her spats and final break-up with Sammy, then just the week before hearing about her new relationship – he had to think outside of any personal feelings he might have for her. It was the only way he could reach a rational decision.

‘Work Freedom Convention’. Rowe liked the irony of the ‘freedom’ tag, particularly given the message this bullet for the President would have on it. But it might as well have been called ‘ethnic’ or ‘minority’ work/opportunity convention, or any other title that smacked of ethnic do-gooding and self-congratulation. 
Eugene Lang, John Johnson, Antonia Pantaya.... Rowe ran his finger down the list of speakers, and sneered. Three years running they’d invited Weimann, and this time his advisers had no doubt pointed out the vote-catching strength of supporting ethnic work and education programmes: ‘We get the blacks and Hispanics and the low-income white blue collars – who think that if ethnic jobs are on the up, things must be better all round.’
The pretentious title – Work freedom – the right speakers, the choice of Philadelphia to no doubt further underline ‘freedom’, and now the final endorsement of the President. So now they could pat each others backs soundly, loudly proclaim mutual praise and bright hope for the future, and – hey, ho – consign two centuries of slavery and civil rights abuse to history as they proudly stood shoulder to shoulder and sang the national anthem, imagining the two Washingtons – George and Booker T – whistling and holding hands as they skipped into the sunset together along the yellow brick road.
Bullshit. Rowe didn’t subscribe to a fucking word of it. But the hard facts – all he ever, with anything, took any notice of – bode well: Trade rather than political convention. No other world leaders present. Low security priority. Seven ideal buildings opposite the convention hall. Out of town security – lot of personnel not known to the regular Secret Service complement: local police, FBI, HMMWVs, USSS special agents. 
Nor, if he was brutally honest with himself, did he particularly adhere to Cagill’s line of bullshit, his cause. With his part-Armenian background, a racist agenda was the last thing he’d attach himself to. But guns and freedom were a different issue. As his father often reminded him, if Armenians had been better armed their history might have been different. 
Yet at this stage in his life probably any cause would have done. After eleven years with the Bureau, out in the cold often meant freezing. So, if he couldn’t succeed within the system – he’d make his mark outside. But Rowe knew the cause was primarily a vehicle for Cagill’s broader ambitions; he doubted if Cagill either really believed in it.
For Cagill, it was power. First and foremost. Cagill typified that fine, noble breed of Southern gentlemen who had never really accepted being on the losing end of the Civil war. Displayed through generations of ignoring or resisting the dictates of central government: ‘Those Washington politicos might know what’s good for them – but we know what’s good for us.’ 
But Rowe saw from the outset that Cagill wouldn’t be happy for long just cajoling and swaying events from the sidelines. Eventually, he’d want to make them happen – and gun control had provided the ideal vehicle. A freedom and constitutional issue and more interference from the North all rolled into one. With the upsurge of home militias ‘...almost a private army if corralled and played the right way.’ Cagill had it all mapped out. 
Political influence. Lobbying. Bribes. Rallying militia leaders. Finally terror. A whole planeload downed just to remove one Senator who’d turned traitor and Cagill feared might lead to the exposure of the CRA. Rowe had seen Cagill’s thirst for power grow day by day.
Killing the President? Rowe shook his head. Eleven months? Insane that it had reached this far this quickly. But he should have seen it coming. He’d always prided himself on reading character, predicting what people would do next given certain circumstances. Playing the files. He should have known as soon as he brought up the limits of Landry’s influence, Cagill wouldn’t be able to resist going that extra step on the power rung. 
And so now it had fed down the line to Koenitz – the soldier. He was probably the only one of them who truly believed all the militia bullshit: Communism, freedom, tangled conspiracies between central Government and the United Nations. Conveniently fed Koenitz’s mistrust of Government after three decades of fall out over Vietnam. His own differences with Koenitz had this time been buried by their intense focus on planning: one USSS guard replacement, one Bell maintenance engineer, one office worker. Small explosive charges set further down the street to distract. The body-armor piercing bullets...
Madness. Rowe gently closed his eyes. The power-monger, the tactician and the soldier. Not too different to most hierarchical structures when caps were set on changing history, he mused. He eased his breath as he opened his eyes again. Calm. Calculated: 1.18pm. Soon they would be getting into position for the President’s 2pm arrival.
Milner posing as a police officer joining the USSS agent and them riding the elevator together, Koenitz joining it on the 11th floor. The elevator stopped between the 14th and 15th floors on the pretext of a security check, the switch made with the USSS agent and Koenitz climbing through the top hatch onto the elevator roof. Then it continuing on up to the top…


Chapter 14

Koenitz felt the strong air-rush swill around his body as the elevator shot upward. Once he’d shut the hatch back down on Milner, it was dark. Pitch black. Hurtling through darkness. Koenitz sucked in his breath, clung on tight. 
With the lack of light, doubtful there were any cameras in the elevator shaft. The only possibility was perhaps one for maintenance linked to an emergency light. But Koenitz had decided not to take the risk by using a flashlight. He would have to wait for his eyes to adjust to the darkness and make out the maintenance ladder to the roof.
Lift slowing, stopping. Soft ping. Doors opening. Milner below him would head along the corridor towards the emergency exit and the two flights that led to the roof.
Soft mumble of voices now below. Two people, possibly three. Door’s closing. Second’s pause. And then the lift plummeting down.
Koenitz felt the air rush billowing his jacket as the floors flashed by – faint light gaps below the doors marking each: five floors, six, seven. Slowing... stopping. Somewhere between the 18th and 22nd floors he guessed. He glanced to one side, strained his eyes, focused: the ladder! Faint dull shadow, but he could just make it out now. Steel rungs which ran a yard to the side of the elevator from the floor to roof.
Some people exiting, others entering from the murmur of voices just below. Koenitz kept still, his breath shallow. While the elevator was stationary, any movement on the roof might be heard. 
‘All clear up here. Nobody around!’ Koenitz’s nerves jumped. Milner’s voice sounded deafeningly loud through the earpiece. A mouthpiece snaked from the same headset, but Milner wouldn’t expect any response until Koenitz was clear of the elevator roof.
Silent. Shallow breathing. He looked back at the ladder. But he was too far down now, would have to wait for the elevator to rise up at least another eight floors. Which probably meant having to wait it out all the way down first.
Now also clearer, disconcerting, was the body a few feet away: USSS agent Jeff Pascoe – whose identity Milner had now assumed.
Plummeting again. Koenitz’s stomach dipped, his breath catching in his throat –but it only dropped four floors this time. Then three.
Just down to him and Milner now. Neale would probably be miles away, thinking about spending his half million in Puerto Vallarta. Neale’s Bell uniform had been authentic, his explosives put in place four hours ago: two dime-sized plastique charges high up on telegraph poles twenty yards apart. 
‘Bit of a crowd below looking through the binoculars – but people in place more or less where they should be.’ And now Milner on the rooftop. Progress reports. The air-band should be secure, but they’d agreed on vague, general descriptions just to be safe. Comments that might pass between any of the security personnel in place. 
The elevator was rising again. Four floors, six... eight. It slowed, stopped at about the twelfth floor, Koenitz guessed. He raised up on one knee, his eyes fixed back on the ladder.
The next ten floors went up in short hops. And then as it started to rise again swiftly, zip through the floors, Koenitz stood up fully, steadying his balance as the air rush billowed around him. He gritted his teeth, shifting to face the ladder more squarely, ready for the jump off.
‘Nothing out of the ordinary so far on the other rooftops... or panning down below. Secure. Thirty-one minutes now to the President’s arrival. Normal crowd and vehicles you’d expect at this stage.’
Koenitz’s jaw tensed. He was more conscious now of the weight of the briefcase strapped to his back; he needed both hands free for the jump. He’d only get one chance at it. Once the elevator stopped again, next it could be plummeting back down. Only a few seconds gap in between.
Only a yard away, but suddenly the ladder seemed much further. The gap a yawning chasm into the darkness below, the wind rushing up, playing against his face. Ice tingles ran up his spine. He shuddered, tore his eyes away. Focus. The jump would have to be firm, confident. No hesitation. Koenitz shifted another few inches to the edge of the elevator roof, balancing. It was slowing. He held his breath. Stopping....
‘Still secure up here. Pretty cold though – the wind’s whipping up a treat.’
He waited out the ping, waited for the first rumble of the doors opening – and jumped! Gripped tight with his hands first, cold steel against the sweat of his palms, feet scrambling and finding purchase a split-second after. And clung on. He held his breath, silently praying that the doors opening had drowned out any sounds he might have made.
He looked up. He was about six floors from the top. The elevator went up three more floors, then started down again. Koenitz waited for it to sweep past him, then started his way up – only the sound of his faint steps on the steel rungs and the swish of the counterweights echoing in the dark chasm of the shaft.

Josette had never seen such a happy, smiling SWAT team. The normal tension en-route to a strike mostly gone. Overlaid with a mixture of sexual innuendo and humor.
The bright red spandex dress she wore looked like it had been sprayed on. It fell to mid-thigh but had a slit up one side almost to the high cut waistband of her panties. A foot of bare flesh showed between there and her stocking tops: black lace to match her black panties and half cut bra, rounding and straining her breasts against the low cut dress top. Her nipples were just out of view, but from the nods, smiles and surreptitious glances from the six SWAT men riding along with Vanderwert, Haffner and Franklin – Josette felt as if she might as well not be wearing a dress. The effect would probably be no less alluring.
‘You look... real nice,’ Haffner commented. Nervous swallow, touching his glasses firmer onto his nose. ‘Very appealing.’
‘Yep,’ Gerry Franklin agreed. ‘Extremely fu... fu... fu... fu... fun to be with.’
Josette arched one eyebrow sharply. Ripple of laughter amongst the men at the barely concealed fuckable. She smiled wryly; no point in making them feel uncomfortable. Everyone had enough to worry about. Especially her.
The sexual frisson was a welcome release valve. Helped her forget what she would soon be facing. She might feel half-naked, vulnerable now – but at least she was among friends, people she knew. Soon she would be walking into a room full of strangers. Cold stares, leering, questioning. If she couldn’t cut it now, build her confidence – she’d have no chance then. 
She rustled in her clutch bag among the beeper and mace, teased her hair, sprayed some more perfume, glossed her lips. Pouted as she lapsed into a tinkly Bronx accent. 
‘So, do I get yer’ ‘proval, Gerry baby. Or ‘s that just a rolled-up magazine in yer’ pocket?’
One of the SWAT men rolled his eyes dreamily. Franklin smiled, tipped a finger against his brow and looked thoughtfully through the tinted back window of the van. Outside it had started drizzling, faint billows of roadside mist caught in the headlamps from behind. Brief flicker of concern crossing his face for the first time – but she couldn’t be sure. 
You smile lopsided, and suddenly you’re going to be facing the business end of a dozen gun barrels. 
She’d be okay, she told herself. No gun. Feeling half-naked, exposed. Vulnerable. But her oozed sexuality would hopefully also be her protection. Her talisman. She’d blend in. 
Eight minutes later, as their headlamps swung across the sign TOOLEY’s TAVERN and the van nestled into a dark corner of the car park – all the sexual frisson and light banter had gone. Only the raw tension beneath remained. No smiles. Checking guns, communication links, earpieces, going through final details and timing.
Josette closed her eyes for a second, pushed away the last remnants of apprehension before exiting the van. Showtime.

Echoing footsteps. Koenitz’s breath fell short and heavy as he reached the top. 
‘Should be in position soon now,’ he said. His first words through the mouthpiece.
‘Fine. Twenty-seven minutes to the President’s arrival. Still all secure here.’
Vague descriptions. No mention of where or which rooftop. The elevator shaft and air-conditioning housing and duct. 
Koenitz looked towards the air-conditioning housing, and his heart fell. On the plans it looked only two yards – but it was much further. Almost four yards. The link ropes would be more than long enough, but having to swing that far down and pull himself back up – all his weight meanwhile suspended by just a couple of small metal prongs – gave him pause for thought. He looked back down into the dark chasm of the shaft, sweat beads popping on his forehead. 
He swung the briefcase from his back, opened it. Some papers and a folder took up the top two inches, and Koenitz deftly unclipped the false bottom to the deeper compartment below: rifle and sight in three sections, drill with saw attachment, steel bolt gun with ropes attached, gloves.
Koenitz slipped on the gloves and took out the bolt gun. He tensed his jaw tight. Concentrate on the mechanical, push everything else away. Away. Careful to keep his eyes from the sweeping chasm below, he swung the bolt gun around, steadied, measured – and fired.
Heavy clunk as the bolt pierced the metal of the air-conditioning housing. A few inches below where he’d have liked, but it would do. Koenitz held his breath for a second, waiting, listening. The clunk had sounded ominously loud echoing off the shaft walls. But from the counter-weights swishing not far below, Koenitz guessed the elevator was near the bottom. Nobody had heard.
He pressed a button his end, a signal ran through a wire threading through – and the bolt’s end sprang out into three flanges. Koenitz pulled on the rope to secure the flanges, then fired the second bolt a foot to the right and did the same.
Securing a harness around his shoulders and chest, he fed the ropes through metal loops each side, and pulled again – testing if the flanges were holding firm and would carry his weight. If they were going to give, better now than when they were all that was separating him from a three hundred foot sheer drop. They seemed firm. 
One last pull, hard with his full body weight, still with one foot on the railing, a resigned exhalation – and he let go, swung away from the ladder.
He poised his feet in front to brace the impact, but halfway the rope twisted – brief disorientation with the darkness spinning around him – and he crashed into the metal duct, taking the impact on his thigh and flank, winding him.
‘Everything okay... you alright?’ 
Milner’s voice, urgent. He must have heard the banging metal and Koenitz’s sudden exhalation through the mouthpiece.
No, fuckhead, I’m not. I’ve just had to swing four foot more than planned, my kidneys have taken half the impact and I’m dangling on two ropes above a drop into oblivion. 
But out of deference to possible line eavesdroppers: ‘I’m fine... just slipped a bit here, that’s all.’ 
Still slightly breathless, he swallowed, looked up. And started to climb – pulling a foot of rope in turn through each harness loop. Zig-zagging his way up slowly.
‘Twenty-four minutes now.’
I know. I know. ‘Okay. I’ll be back in touch again in six minutes. Not before.’ Koenitz’s way of saying don’t bother me in that time. I need to concentrate.
Milner listened a moment more to Koenitz’s labored breathing, faint rustling and hollow thuds on metal as Koenitz clambered up the ducting. Then he switched to the general USSS waveband. 
‘...you’re in position now?’
‘Yes. Finally got hold of the security manager with keys for the roof...’
Carlisle Building, an older fourteen storey building sixty yards along, Milner guessed. The only one not in place when he’d responded to a general position check twelve minutes ago.
He’d kept tuned to the USSS waveband for most of the past half hour, only switching to the private band with Koenitz when he wanted to communicate or listen in. He went to the roof’s edge, careful to keep his cap pulled down tight and binoculars in place.
Koenitz’s shot would fire less than a few yards to his right. But one of the last places to come under suspicion would be a rooftop where a USSS agent had just given the all-clear, and was still claiming: ‘Position secure. No one in sight. And the shot sounded at least fifty yards away – certainly not from up here.’
Another voice now over the waveband. ‘... that second registration check you called for – it’s a supply and catering company, Brianson’s. You mentioned a blue Cadillac too. Got the license plate now?’
‘No, it’s okay. It’s moved on. Only stayed a minute...’
USSS agent Vecchio, vehicle checks in front of the convention center. He flicked back to Koenitz: high pitched buzzing. Koenitz was sawing through the duct. He checked his watch. He should have been through by now! They were running behind. He looked through his binoculars at movement below. Increased flurry of activity: more cars, more caddy’s, at least eight press with cameras and mikes, two TV vans, more dark suits with communicators and earpieces.
Jeez, it was cold up here, thought Milner. The wind cut right through him, chilled him. He stepped a few paces back from the edge.
‘... have you all copied that new ETA - nine minutes earlier now...’
And froze mid-step.
‘The President will be arriving now at 13.51. That’s our new ETA.’
Milner flicked back to Koenitz. Still the high-pitched whining.
‘Listen up... changed ETA!’ The whining kept going. ‘Listen up for Gods’ sake – the ETA’s changed!’
Koenitz stopped sawing. ‘What?’
‘It’s nine minutes earlier now. He’s arriving nine minutes earlier.’
Koenitz glanced at his watch. They’d originally left at least fifteen minutes clear, but he’d lost vital minutes with the extra climb. Now they might have two or three minutes clear at most. He resumed sawing. 
‘Look. I’ve got to keep going here. But fill me in – what’s been happening?’
‘The news came through just a second ago about the change.’
 ‘But what do you see in front now?’ The saw vibrated heavily in Koenitz’s grasp. Just seven or eight inches more to finish cutting the hole.
‘Three suits... two of our own, one monitoring van. More guests arriving, lot of press activity too now.’
Koenitz deciphered: Suits: FBI or Secret Service. Own: USSS. Only five inches more now! Straight edge cut along the bottom. Bit left in one corner for the square to hinge back – then the padded lip slotted in place so that he could lever over and through; without it the metal edge would be like a razor. Sweat drops massed on his forehead, a droplet now running down one cheek. 
‘But is there still a clear passage through for new people arriving?
The vibrations of the drill ran through his arm. But unseen they were also slowly shifting the right hand bolt a few inches below where he was now sawing. One of its flanges had shifted close to a jagged part of the hole where the bolt had shot through.
‘Quite a good gap still, but more people gathering by the minute. Could be tight when the time comes.’
Four inches more. Sweating, straining. A bit more and he’d push the square down, slot the padded lip in place. Vibrations. The flange turned another notch, only a millimeter from the gap. 
‘Grey Brougham just arrived.... two more suits joined the action.’
Three inches! Koenitz pulled out the saw, pushed – and it gave, hinging back. He pushed it all the way down until it was past 90º, then reached round to his briefcase to put the drill away, take out the padded lip and...
The movement twisted the flange around the last millimeter. It eased through the jagged edge, out and free…
....Swaying... falling...
‘What... the!’
Koenitz reached out on impulse, clutched with his right hand at the metal lip. The razor edge cut into his glove and, with his weight, quickly through to his skin. His breath hissed sharply. As he grabbed tight at the brief case with his left arm, the drill fell – sailing into the darkness below.
‘Are you okay?’ Milner’s voice, urgent.
Fuck... fucking shiiiiit! But he bit his lip at the last second from screaming out loud. 
‘Yes, fine... fine!’ Breathless. Another sharp intake of breath as he felt the metal slicing deeper into his hand.
Faint, distant clatter from below as the drill hit bottom. Chilling reminder. 
Koenitz swallowed, felt his heart slip back down his throat – and risked a look up as the swaying righted. His right glove was filling with blood, sticky and damp inside, now running down onto his wrist. The first droplets spilled past him into the darkness below. And inadvertently his eyes followed them down.
He’d shut out the fall below to concentrate, but now it was back with him full force: a sickening black hollowness, seeming now to pull at him, draw him in, chill air venting up across his body – cold against the blood trickling down his arm.
‘Are you sure?’ Milner again, not convinced.
‘Yes... yes. Give me a minute.’ For God’s sake, Focus! In clutching the briefcase tight, he’d managed to prevent the rifle or anything else from falling. But he knew he couldn’t hold out much longer – the pain was excruciating, the edge cutting in hard. Pretty soon it would slice into nerves and tendons – render his fingers useless for pulling a trigger or anything else. But if he let go, he doubted the single rope and bolt left could hold his weight.
Sailing down into the darkness below, following his blood droplets....
He clenched his eyes tight, shut out the image. Only a minute, he told himself. Maybe only fifty seconds. Just enough to get the briefcase open, get the padded lip out and in place.
He looked frantically between his hand, the briefcase and the blood droplets falling ever faster past him. And as he followed them down one last time, his eyes drawn against their will into the black hollowness below, he heard the soft swish of the elevator coming up towards him. Pascoe on its roof caught in the faint light spilling in from the hole cut. Eyes bulging, his mouth twisted in a frozen grimace. Now you, buddy. Now you.
Decisions. Decisions.

Chill air. Josette felt it cut straight through her as she swung open the tavern door. 
She’d wrapped around a calf-length ultra-suede coat for the short walk through the car park, but now took it off and draped it over one arm: maximum effect.
Not sure if she felt cold because of the cavernous extremity of the room – long bar stretching almost forty foot straight down one side – or the sudden cold stares that turned towards her. Or what she knew she was there for? She eased a smile. Fuckable. Slipped into rôle, swayed in.
Mostly men at the bar and the five or six occupied tables. Girl to her left in hot pants and halter gave her a brief look. But thankfully she was in mid-conversation with a man at her side – probably a John. Josette had picked up a few stock lines – ‘New in from Richmond. Just started working the downtown the last week now. First time here...’ But she felt more comfortable on her own, not tied up trying to explain. She took a seat a third of the way down the bar, fifteen foot and five people from the girl.
The only other girls were a waitress and two biker groupies: one in leathers, the other in a sloppy pullover. Josette knew that her entrance had made a stir; some men were still looking over. She laid her coat over the barstool.
‘Yep?’ Barman in front of her. Heavy set, graying beard and pony-tail. 
The other hooker was drinking something rose-colored in a tall glass, most of the men beer straight from the bottle. She went in between. 
‘Buds. Tall glass. Thanks.’
The barman poured and she paid, took her first sip. She was conscious of her hand shaking as she raised the glass, and she gripped it tighter. Good ol’ hooker drug habit to anyone looking on. She smiled at a guy four down that caught her eye.
She looked away as quickly, took a quick scan: mostly a collection of zz-tops like the barman, bikers and blue collars. No Duerden ten years on immediately registered. Van Morrison’s ‘Brown eyed girl’ played in the background, and in the corner was a small stage with stenciled posters announcing erotic dancing Friday nights and live music Saturdays. 
‘Everything okay?’ Haffner’s voice through her earpiece. She reached up, toyed absently with her earlobe and tapped twice on her earring: silver hoops joining three black onyx ovals. From the back of the top oval a small earpiece looped, and the second oval was a microphone. Two taps: everything’s okay. Three: He’s here, but don’t come in yet. Four: Come running, now! Or she could press the beeper. 
A flicker of movement caught her eye at the end of the bar; someone moving back with their beer to a table, a fresh profile suddenly in view: black wavy hair, grey tinged, heavy-set face. Could it be? Far removed from the mug-shot, but something that struck a chord, something...
‘Haven’t seen you in here before?’ The guy four down that had caught her eye was suddenly at her side. Sweat shirt with an Elijah Craig motif, jeans, clean shaven, hair gelled back, pinched features and an annoyingly smug smile. 
‘Now that’s an original line.’ She took another slug of beer and looked past his shoulder to the far end again – but as he leant in closer, resting his elbow on the bar, the view was gone. ‘Just here a week or so up from Richmond,’ she said.
‘I thought so. I sure woulda noticed you if you’d been here before.’
‘Is that him? Is that asshole talking Duerden?’ Haffner’s voice crashed in.
No signal for simply no. ‘What’s your name?’
‘Tim. Tim Kealan.’ He smiled, she smiled, and they shook hands. His eyes flickered over her. ‘You sure look nice. I definitely would have noticed you.’
She took her hand back. ‘Thanks.’
Small shift from Kealan, straightening – and suddenly the view was there again. Facial definition was hard to pick out with the thick beard. The jowl certainly looked heavier, so she tried to picture it thinner, sharper defined. And the shape of the eyes and their color? Something. 
‘... What?’
‘I said – whatya drinking? You want another?’
She looked at her glass. It was almost half full. ‘No, it’s okay. Thanks.’
‘Is Duerden there?’ Haffner. ‘If so, you should try and shake this guy, get close to him.’
I know! Perhaps she’d get lucky and overhear the barman or a friend calling out Ralph. But the conversations were too distant, muffled with the background music. There was only one way: she’d have to get closer. 
‘Look, Tim – I’ll see you later.’ 
She touched his arm lightly and picked up her beer. His face fell. 
‘What – you don’t like my company?’
She shook her head, smiled. ‘No, nothing like that. Just seen someone I know, that’s all.’
She took a step away, but Kealan shifted with her, gripped her right arm as he looked past her. ‘What – one of those guys over there?’ He looked past her. ‘They’re well past it. Only use it to re-cycle their Buds – even if you could find it under their beer pots. You’re far better off stayin’ with me.’
Josette prayed that Kealan and his stupid smile didn’t attract their attention – but too late! The man and another alongside were looking towards them. And suddenly she was sure: something in that direct, piercing glare that for a second matched the ten year old mug shot.
‘...He slashed the guy’s face so hard with the hunting knife that it shattered the cheekbone. If it wasn’t for the jawbone, he’d have probably sliced straight through the jugular as well...’
Josette shuddered, went to pull away. She had to get closer. You’ve got to be right next to Duerden when we burst in, so we know where to point our guns. We come in pointing the wrong way, and he could get the drop on us, start squeezing off shots.
Another step, but Kealan gripped tighter, leering. 
‘I know a nice motel close. King size bed, vibrating. Satin sheets.’ He leant in close. ‘We could have a good time.... a real good time. Know what I mean?’
‘Look! I told you – not now. Maybe later.’
‘You in trouble, Josey?’ Haffner. ‘You need help?’
Duerden was suddenly distracted by the barman, talking, taking another slug of beer. Kealans’ eyes darted, slowly backing down from the warning in her eyes, his grip easing. She lazily toyed with her left earlobe, tapped the second oval three times.
‘He’s there!’ Haffner confirmed, as much for Franklin and the team in the van. ‘Okay – try and lose this creep. Get into position.’
Kealan’s grip was now no more than a few light fingers, she’d get away any second. But suddenly past Kealan’s shoulder Duerden was nodding to the barman, moving from his barstool – he was getting ready to leave! She panicked, went to move away again, and instantly realized her mistake. Kealan’s grip tightened, his eyes meeting hers defiantly. 
‘You were putting out to me earlier, givin’ me the come on. Was written right across your face.’ His voice fell low, menacing. ‘So don’t you be giving me the brush off now, yer hear.’ He smiled, leant closer. ‘Put it this way – I ain’t known as tiny Tim. Know what I mean?’
Final nod and a few words between Duerden and the barman, one hand lifted in acknowledgement. Duerden started to move away...
‘Josey?... are you okay?’
She had to do something. But she felt suddenly disorientated with everything happening at once: Haffner’s voice screaming in her ear, Duerden on the move, Kealan’s sour whisky breath in her face, his grip on her arm. 
‘Look, fuck-brain! I told you – later!’
She went to wrench away – but his grip tightened, fingers digging hard into her arm. He was strong. She wasn’t going to get away.
Duerden stopping briefly for a few words to a friend at the end. Quick pat on the back before moving on again. 
‘No nigger bitch gives me the brush off like that. Comprendez!’ Kealan’s other hand snaked into the slit in her skirt, onto the bare flesh beneath. Fingers wrapping around, he dug hard into her buttocks. 
‘Josey!...’
A few regulars at the bar were looking over curiously with her and Kealan’s raised voices. And now Duerden too looked at them directly again as he moved closer. 
She fumbled with her free hand in her shoulder bag. Make-up, comb...
Kealan saw the mace then – quickly grabbed her left forearm. Vice-like. She couldn’t move it.
‘Josey!... What’s happening?’
‘Try to mace me, would you!’ Kealan spat the words into her face. His cheeks flushed red, his other hand rising and massaging her right breast. ‘Well – what you going to do about it now – nigger?’
But some play in her wrist was still free, fumbling. Mirror... bleeper!...
‘Huh... nigger?’
Duerden was fast approaching. She pressed the button, smiled. 
‘Well, I jus’ don’ know now.’
‘Okay – were moving in!’ Van doors opening, closing, clatter of footsteps across the car park. ‘We’re right there!’
Duerden was almost alongside them now: wry smile at her and Kealan’s awkward tableau.
Kealan looked perplexed for a second by her confidence – then the bar door burst open.
‘Freeze... Stay right there... Nobody move... Keep those hands in view!’
Frantic shouts, nine guns suddenly trained on them.
Kealan looked at them in horror, then back to his offending hand on her breast. He hastily took the hand away.
One of the zz-tops by the bar commented: ‘Now that’s what I call a fucking pimp service!’
The shock on Kealan’s face was a picture. She smiled tightly as she brought her knee up sharply into his crotch. 
‘So long, Tiny!’
But Duerden was already alert, taking a step back and reaching into his jacket. Josette grabbed the mace as she lunged past Kealan’s groaning, foetal body – not sure if she was pointing for the benefit of the SWATs or hoping to mace Duerden before he swung his gun round.

You want to make doubly sure that we take the action you’ve guided us to these last few calls...
Vice-President Landry tried to concentrate on the report in his lap as the limousine cruised along. The conversation had re-played in his mind over the last two days.
Aftermath of the American Free Trade Agreement. Landry glanced at his watch: 8.42. He’d already put in over an hour ploughing through a mountain of files from groups representing American farmers and the automobile, textile and electronics industries in preparation for a 10.30am White House meeting with key trade delegates.
He looked up thoughtfully as the limousine swung around Dupont Circle.
We get the message loud and clear, even if it’s difficult for you to say straight out. We understand that.
Every other call had been precise, had a clear direction leading to a specific demand. This last one had been ambiguous, rambling, and its lack of purpose nagged at his mind. 
The answer didn’t hit him until almost three hours later, towards the end of a tedious presentation from a textile industry spokesman who was pressing home his point stronger to grab waning attention. 
‘Because if we don’t take action quickly, it can only get worse. And I can foresee a situation within the next year or so whereby...’
But we’re going to do something about it, don’t worry. Just so you’re clear when it goes down, it was all for you.
Action? Landry sat up sharper. The textile spokesman looked suddenly animated, hopeful that he’d finally struck a chord. When it goes down... it was all for you. They were planning something, yet his tacit approval was somehow important? And as it all finally gelled with his previous comments – I can only do so much working from my position.... If the President’s that strong against – a sickening sensation washed through his stomach. 
His first impulse was surely not? A sheen of sweat felt suddenly cold on his forehead, beads on his top lip. He took out a handkerchief and dabbed. Nine concerned faces looked back at him.
‘Are you okay, Mr Vice-President?’ Veitch, Treasury adviser to his left.
‘Yes... I’ll be fine. Thanks. Excuse me one minute please, gentlemen.’
Jennifer was in with the nine, and the two remaining secretaries and a clerk in the adjoining office looked up curiously as he headed for the corridor and the washroom.
Surely not... surely not? His pulse pounded almost in time with his footsteps. 
His legs felt unsteady as he reached the washroom door. Long, slow exhalation as he closed it behind him. Nobody else was inside.
He looked hard into the mirror: guilt, fear? If he feared right, he had to do something. But what? Phone Berwyn, Weimann’s secret service right arm to say that some men were blackmailing him over an alleged homosexual incident twenty years ago, and as a result the President’s life might now be in danger?
He shook his head, leant over the washbasin and splashed some water on his face. If he was wrong, just becoming over-paranoid – all he’d achieve was blowing the whistle on himself, destroying his own career and life. Doing the job for them. He might just as well cut his own throat over the sink now, bleed slowly to death while the nine in the boardroom tapped their fingers and looked at their watches impatiently for his return.
Surely not? He splashed more water on his skin, hoping for clearer thoughts.

Falling... falling into the darkness. Pascoe rising up swiftly past him.
No choice finally but to let go of the duct edge – sway sickeningly on the single rope above the drop below, each passing second like a stone thud against his heart as he fumbled in his briefcase for the padded lip, one eye on the bolt flange straining hard against the metal, imagining it giving way at any second, letting him sail free into the darkness.
Koenitz pushed the thought away, tensed his finger on the trigger. His nerves were still racing in the aftermath, but he needed now to be calm, concentrate. As it was, he wouldn’t be able to use his main trigger finger, the nerve had been sliced through. He’d have to use his middle finger. And even a fraction of trembling and his shot from this distance would swing yards wide.
‘Two minutes forty to arrival time.’ Milner through his earpiece.
‘Okay. Everything secure here now.’
Secure? Now he was hanging over a similar sheer drop, this time the main air duct. The building’s air-conditioning unit thrummed deafeningly to one side. But he was strapped firmly in place, two ropes looped around two thick steel strands in the front grill plate. He was high up in the intake grill to get the right angle, and the inch of rifle snaking through grill would go undetected. 
‘Two minutes to arrival.’
‘Okay. Patch in.’
Already his thoughts were turning to getting back out. The grapple hook should connect easily with the ladder, but his right hand was in bad shape for the swing across. His shirt front was also heavily blood-stained. He’d have to change with Pascoe’s shirt before going back through the elevator roof: the only solution to making it back through the building as a normal office worker without drawing attention.
‘...CP five – copy. Moving into position with six and seven.’
Koenitz watched the black Lincoln come into the circle of his rifle sights. Milner had successfully patched into the Secret Service waveband. They knew each Cover Position, CP, from codes provided by Rowe: 
Koenitz watched the vanguard CPs directing the police, FBI and USSS guards to push back the press and crowds more, make a clearer passage. Eyes searching the crowd, then a broader sweep of the street and the buildings around – one of them for a moment scanning upper windows and rooftops. His gaze drifted past Koenitz’s position without falter.
‘CP five to one. Everything clear here.’
‘Copy. We’re on Vine just crossing eighteenth. Should be with you soon.’
Quick hiss as Milner switched to the USSS band. 
‘Pascoe. All secure here. What’s the ETA now?’
‘Eighty, ninety seconds.’
Then immediately back to the private channel with Koenitz: ‘You catch that?’
‘Yep. Loud and clear.’ 
Koenitz’s finger tensed firmer on the trigger, steadying his sights on the steps. A bead of sweat trickled into his eyebrow, and he brushed at it hastily with his cuff, focusing again.
Milner as quickly switched back to the secret service channel.
‘.... in front? And how many are press?’
‘No more than twenty-five, thirty onlookers. Plus ten or eleven press.’
Koenitz phased out the back and forth intercom voices, his figure tightening on the trigger as he saw the Presidential limousine come into view.
It drifted finally to a stop, and after five seconds which felt far longer, two men in dark suits exited. Then the President – the two closely shadowing, moving up the steps. Another limousine close behind, two men and a woman getting out. But Koenitz stayed with the President.
His finger paused on the trigger. Killing the President? Final moment’s reconciling in his mind. He thought of Vietnam. Of thirty years of Government betrayal.
Honing in closer. Weimann’s shoulder, his head – then quickly gone. Dark arm and shoulder moving across, blocking all vision. Some press moving in. Microphone pushed closer. Girl in a beige jacket. Weimann leaning in. The dark suit moving back...
And there again. Clear for a second. Moving his cross-hairs across Weimann’s profile.
Thirty years of betrayal. Betrayal!
On his cheek, his temple. Weimann turning a fraction – a question asked by a news reporter to one side.
Koenitz squeezed – and in that frozen second of watching the bullet connect, the image of two of his Vietnam squadron falling replayed – face down in a rice paddy at the jungle’s edge, muddy water trickling into gaping mouths. Weimann superimposed, falling back, a gout of blood bursting from his skull.
Panic, confusion, secret service agents clustering around. Screams, people surging, some ducking, running. The ploy had worked. The agents scanning frantically for direction of fire had cast their eyes to the left – towards where the telegraph-pole explosive charges had been radio-activated by the trigger. 
But it had been so quick, Koenitz wasn’t sure if he’d seen skull fragments. He began to panic how cleanly he’d hit; conscious of a last second nerve jolt through his hand which might have thrown his aim. His cross-hairs doggedly followed Weimann’s head as it sunk down.
But too late – a shoulder and another back covered Weimann’s prone body – Koenitz watched his final shot power through the service agent’s shoulder and into Weimann’s chest.
‘Cover that left side... Cover. Move.... Move!...’
All eyes turned left again with the second charge exploding twenty yards further on. USSS and FBI had now joined the service agents, forming an impenetrable barrier. 
Koenitz packed up the rifle. Snapped his brief-case shut. Ropes pulled back. 
‘All clear here! Nothing in sight.’ Milner had switched to the USSS channel. ‘Shots sounded from further along the street.’ 
‘Nothing here either. Sounded lower down – almost street level.’
Koenitz clambered back through the hole he’d cut. Grapple hook attached, he swung the rope out towards the ladder.
‘I’m going down to check the lower floors.’ General USSS band announcement in reply from Milner. But it was also the signal for Milner to commandeer the elevator, empty it and stop it in position on the 29th floor for a security check.
‘Lot of bleeding here. Trying to stem it. Corner of twenty-second, you say?’ 
Sound of blaring sirens in the background. The hook caught on the second swing. Koenitz pulled on the rope, tested it was firm. Brief glance down into the dark chasm below.
‘What about up the buildings up towards Race Street? Any signs there? Okay.... okay! Check the buildings across the street as well.’
Dark chasm. It looked even more foreboding than before. Koenitz shivered; part fear, part adrenalin rush. Nerve spasms burned through his damaged hand. He worried that he’d be able to grip properly for the swing across. Rising air from the chasm below played gently across his body.
Buildings across the street... Jesus! They could be inside any minute. He’d have to move. He pulled again to test the rope and said one last silent prayer as he went to swing across.

Chapter 15

‘How long have they been living together now?’
‘Almost two years. But they look good together, don’t you think. Balance out. She brightens up the dustiness, smoothes the rough edges.’ Jeremy looked across and quickly back again. 
‘From this angle, definitely Sandra Bullock. Definitely.’ Bernard sipped at his beer. ‘Though I’m not totally sure what she sees in Kenyon.’
‘That brain. That great intellect.’ Jeremy opened out a hand in emphasis. ‘Irresistible.’
‘Don’t get carried away now. We feel worn out from being on the receiving end of that great intellect only a couple of lessons a week. Might not be as endearing as you think.’ Bernard took a heavier slug of beer, smiled cheesily. ‘But you’re right. They look good together.’
Bernard and Jeremy were in the ‘Turf Tavern’, a series of small low-beamed rooms and courtyards that made up Oxford’s oldest pub. The November air was cold, only a group of five had braved one courtyard, and the inside was jammed to capacity. Bernard and Jeremy had forged their way clear of the bar when they spotted Kenyon and Barbara Quinlan through the throng at a corner table.
As Bernard glanced over at them again, Kenyon looked back, caught his eye. Kenyon beckoned them over with one hand.
‘Uh, uh,’ Jeremy said. ‘I think he knows you were talking about him. Didn’t tell you that he could lip read, did I?’
Bernard fired Jeremy a quick ‘shut-up’ frown as they pushed through the crowds towards them. Kenyon made the introductions while Bernard and Jeremy beamed awkwardly. 
‘...Two of my leading politics students,’ Kenyon ventured, as if explaining why they’d been graced with an introduction.
Barbara Quinlan shook their hands. ‘Pleased to meet you.’
A second’s more awkward silence, her perfume for a moment reaching them, overlaying the smoke and beer.
‘I hope he doesn’t try and bully and intimidate you too much,’ she commented.
‘Sometimes,’ Bernard said. Then quickly turned it into a complement: ‘But then that’s what he keeps telling us is the first lesson of good politics. Confrontation. Intimidate the opposition.’
‘Doesn’t work so well in the kitchen or bedroom, though. Not that he ever dares try.’ She looked playfully into Kenyon’s eyes for a second, touched his nose. ‘But far be it for me to ruin his tough guy image by telling you what a teddy bear he is at home.’
Kenyon shrugged embarrassedly. But beneath, Bernard could tell that Kenyon was lapping it up: respect of his students, affection from Barbara. Tough guy in the classroom, teddy bear at home. Man for all seasons. Jeremy was right. She was good for him. Bernard liked her.
‘The tough guy image is just bravado,’ Kenyon said. ‘Hides all that pent-up frustration. Trying to change the world from the classroom – who are we kidding? We know it’s all theory. Play-acting. Preparation for real-life politics. So that one day these two can stand in real life Congress or Parliament and say their bit. And–’ Kenyon swept one hand dramatically towards Bernard and Jeremy, pausing for emphasis. ‘– And be equally as ineffective.’ Kenyon chuckled. 
Bernard and Jeremy laughed too, hesitantly. Not just the joke swinging round on them, but the feeling that Kenyon’s humor masked a deeper seated frustration. 
‘Yes, yes. That’s what I do.’ Kenyon raised his glass. ‘Prepare students for real-life ineffective debate. So they know when they get out there, that’s what it’s all about: a lot of talking, gesticulating and posturing – but in the end, bugger all gets done. Politics.’ 
They were all silent for a second; not sure how to take Kenyon’s suddenly maudlin overtone. Barbara was the first to break it.
‘Well, my sweet. If anyone knows how to argue ineffectively – it’s you.’
Bernard and Jeremy laughed more openly. Kenyon smiled, held one hand up. 
‘Then suddenly amongst all the dross comes a flash of brilliance, and I invite a couple of my students over for a drink.’ He looked at them directly, eyes gleaming. ‘Those theses you turned in were pure magic.’
Bernard and Jeremy were caught off guard by the turn around: it was only two days since they’d handed them in, and still five days to the seminar in which they’d be discussed. They were surprised that Kenyon had already read them, let alone this uncharacteristic praise. Their smiles rose hesitantly.
Kenyon stood up, peeled off a ten pound note. ‘What are you having?’
Their glasses were still over half full. Bernard would have declined if Jeremy’s nudge and smiling eagerness didn’t tell him clearly that a drink on Kenyon was a rare treat not to be missed. Bernard said just another half, Jeremy a pint. Kenyon held the note out. 
‘Howell, do you mind doing the honors.’ As Jeremy reached the bar, Kenyon turned to Bernard. ‘It was obvious the two of you worked together, because the main differences were only in the end assumptions. Nothing wrong in that. But I’m intrigued: who came up first with the core theory?’
Bernard shrugged. ‘We both hit on it together, really. Pretty much the same time.’
Kenyon nodded thoughtfully. He seemed to recall vaguely that some of Bernard’s previous schools were abroad and that he spoke Italian. ‘Were you ever in Switzerland with your family?’
‘Yes, I was.’ Kenyon had guessed. ‘But I–’
Kenyon touched his shoulder, stopped him. ‘I understand – you don’t want to take all the credit. Very noble.’ Kenyon smiled past his shoulder. Howell was returning with their drinks. ‘Sterling stuff. I was very impressed.’
Jeremy handed Bernard his drink. 
‘Bit of tidying up before the whole thing might swim – but the core theory’s sound. And particularly exciting how it turns past convention on its head. Attacks everything from a completely fresh angle. I liked it.’
‘Well, I suppose we had to take it from a fresh angle,’ Bernard said. ‘Everything else seems to have been tried.’
Kenyon nodded. ‘So much so, that what I’m proposing is to smooth out some of those edges myself. Then spin it by someone who has more than a little vested interest in this issue right now.’ Kenyon stared the message home, briefly relishing their expressions – then held one hand up. ‘But let’s not get ahead of ourselves. Those edges might not smooth so easily, or there might be a major stumbling block I’ve overlooked at first sight. It’s going to be a question of watch this space the next couple of classes.’ 
Kenyon raised his glass at them and glanced back at Barbara. They were a beat slow catching on, Bernard just ahead of Jeremy. Kenyon wanted to be alone again. 
‘Oh, okay. Yeah,’ Bernard said hastily. ‘I’m just glad you liked it. And thanks for the drinks.’
They nodded and said their goodbyes to Barbara. 
As soon as they were out of earshot, Jeremy commented: ‘Do you think he meant who I think he meant?’
‘Nah... doubt it.’ Weimann might be an old close friend of Kenyon’s, but Bernard found the idea hard to grasp. ‘Probably just some stuffy Harvard professor working on a new paper.’
But twenty minutes later, as Kenyon and Barbara left the pub, Jeremy raised the subject again: ‘I mean... did you see that look he gave us. Kenyon doesn’t give his contemporaries that sort of significance. He takes them too much for granted. I think he was trying to tell us without telling us.’
Bernard began to wonder. Not sure if the warm glow he felt was from the beers and the pub atmosphere, the glory basking from Kenyon’s rare praise, or the heady possibilities suddenly aired. 
The news item came on the radio seven minutes into Kenyon’s drive home. 
Barbara was flicking through her diary, checking something on her lecture schedule for the next few days, and Kenyon was mumbling the Sammy Davis Jnr tune on just before... ‘and the devil he said get down... get down and stop rocking the boat.’ His thoughts were mostly on the theses, how best to knock them into shape. It took a moment for the newscast to register.
‘... with the President taken to nearby Thomas Jefferson hospital.’
Slowing, foot suddenly off the accelerator – staring hard, disbelievingly at the radio. Barbara stopped flicking her diary pages. And as the shock fully hit Kenyon and his arms started trembling, he pulled over.
‘Forty minutes now since the incident, there are still no update reports on the President’s progress. Except that he is currently undergoing emergency surgery...’

‘Reports are inconsistent. Two shots or three. Was there one head shot in addition to the body shot, or two?...
‘No fresh news as yet here outside Thomas Jefferson. No indication as to the extent of the head injuries...’
Six TV sets playing all at once. Different stations, but all except one covering Weimann’s shooting. Another eighteen sets sat on the three rows of shelves, not switched on. Their lifeless black glass reflected the cluttered room: second shelf unit full of TVs, three more with computers, then the central work benches with a mixture of cannibalized computers and TVs. The man working over them was slim and tall with lank brown hair which fell over his face, partly blocking his vision. His face was broad and flat, plain, only a partly-angled broken nose providing relief, standing out. His eyes were dark and intense, darting as he concentrated.
Same as Kennedy, the man thought as he slotted home the mended chip board. Head shot, emergency treatment, no firm official news. A lot was happening out there. Too much. Two bombs notching up over two hundred dead in just a week, and now the President shot! 
The theories would fly thick and fast. But coming hot on the heels of the President’s strong stance against militias, that link would no doubt get pride of place. 
One thing was for sure: he no longer had center stage. His own bombings were practically forgotten news, outside of the recent false identity links. Not exactly the most imaginative move. Just pick the most notorious, high profile natural substance bomber out the hat. Had they learnt nothing the past three years about how he operated?
And then a voice had come out of the dark: we believe you, or rather, we want to believe you. So he had some friends at FBI HQ. Bright enough to look beneath the surface. He didn’t kill people, in fact quite the opposite: he saved people. That was what it was all about. 
He’d read through the ruse straightaway: want to. They already believed him, were just trying to feed on his outrage, draw him out. But he’d gone along with it because, yes, he was outraged – but most of all it made him feel useful, put him back center stage. Certainly there was little point in planting his own bombs with all this mayhem going on. Like farting at Hiroshima.
He screwed back the computer casing and went into the adjoining room.
‘A full block surrounding the Convention Hall has now been cordoned off, and the police and FBI have been busy with searches and interviews for almost forty minutes now. But no news as yet on possible perpetrators.’
‘.... still seems to be some confusion as to exactly where the shots were fired from. Most eyewitnesses claim to have heard shots fired from my left.’
‘One secret service agent also died in the gunfire, and a USSS agent has been found dead in an elevator shaft in the Penn-Bryce Building directly opposite.’
A smaller room, fourteen foot square, only a work bench and the shelves on two walls were cluttered with computer and TV parts. The other two walls were mostly lined with books. Pretty much how it was during his father’s days of running the store – even though there’d been three other owners in between. They’d gone the same way as his father: beaten into submission by the large Osprey-Mart on the edge of town.
But it had allowed him to get the store back at bargain price, and his own trade was already well established and didn’t rely on passing custom. Osprey-Mart posed no threat.
His fingers ran along the shelves: Keats, Shelley, Longfellow.... Milton. The room was the closest he’d been able to get it from memory. The only remaining homage to his father. All that was left. Just one small man in one small town trying to do some good. A hero. 
His finger stopped at Tennyson and he took the book down. With Weimann’s shooting, another message would hit the button right now, put him back center stage. Helping them catch the killer bombers and the President’s assassin. Another hero.
The FBI were no doubt trying to cross match a chemistry or physics background with literature and poetry. He’d studied pure math and electronics, the chemistry had been only a keen hobby. And he’d never been part of a militia group; though he knew everything about them, tracked their every last move over the Internet and GOA newsletters. Targets of the ATF and Treasury were all they had in common – though for totally different reasons.
He flicked through the Tennyson, looking for the right reference. Allen had probably been as good a feed as any of five key militia bomb experts he could think of. But this was different: killing the President? Pure outrage, retaliation for Weimann’s strong stance – or more of a power angle, a kingmaker’s bid? 
It took him another twenty minutes to decide on the right angle and reference. He tapped it out on the computer, then checked his wallet. He’d taken the day’s maximum out the cash machine earlier for groceries, but still enough there. For maximum impact, he should send it straightaway. He’d drive three hundred miles across the State line that night and post the letter from St Louis, Missouri.

Josette lunged with the mace, saw Duerden’s gun swinging around – uncertain if she was more worried about Duerden firing off a shot or the volley of fire that would hit him if he got close to leveling his gun.
The mace hit, catching the side of his face. Another swift burst which hit him fuller in the eyes. But the gun was still swinging towards her – and a shot came from behind, a splay of red appearing on Duerden’s shoulder.
Duerden swayed, his eyes stinging. A frozen split-second, then the gun was swinging up again. She watched in horror as it leveled at her, not the SWATs behind, and the trigger was pulled. She heard the bang after the bullet hit her, felt it ripping, burning deep inside. 
And then suddenly Tony Anderson was at her side, gripping her, stopping her from falling – one hand clutching at her stomach, stemming the blood. 
‘Oh Josey... Josey. I told you not to come.’
But despite the pain and horror, it was somehow pleasant, faintly erotic: Anderson’s hand sliding with the blood on her stomach, his cheek against her sweat-drenched neck, the smell of after shave mixed with cheroot tobacco.
But what was he doing here? He hadn’t been in the van. She wanted to push him away, collect her thoughts. But it felt good.... too good. And Anderson was whispering in her ear: ‘Have you heard – the President’s been shot. Isn’t it awful.’
‘Have you heard...’
Josette woke up with a jolt. Eyes adjusting, assimilating in the semi-darkness.
Beyond her bedroom door, Ms Geisler was talking to Brenda, Daniel’s home-care nurse.
‘... It was on the news just now. Hardly been anything else. I could hardly believe it.’
In the background, the TV suddenly switching from the cartoon channel.
‘Still bedlam in Philadelphia’s city center. Both here outside Thomas Jefferson hospital where we still await news on the President’s condition. And four blocks away outside the convention center where police...’
Josette leapt out of bed. She ran across, opened the door.
‘...Particularly the Penn-Bryce building and all the buildings in line up to a hundred yards towards where most eyewitnesses claim to have heard shots fired.’
She ran one hand brusquely through her hair, mesmerized, still shaking herself out of sleep. Wondering for a moment if this cute little scene with Daniel, Brenda and Mrs Geisler switching from cartoons to newscasts of the President’s shooting was a continuation of her nightmare. Then: ‘Any calls?’
‘No,’ said Brenda. ‘The phone’s been quiet.’
She glanced at the clock as she dialed on her cell-phone: 3.08 pm. She knew why they hadn’t called. The part where her nightmare had separated from reality was when Duerden was hit in the shoulder. He’d promptly dropped his weapon – but they had to wait three hours for his treatment at the hospital before starting questioning. By then it was past 1 a.m, and seven grueling hours of cat and mouse interrogation followed. 
‘What made you high-tail it so suddenly away from your home?’
‘Wanted some time away from my wife. Been going through a rough patch recently.’
‘What – you and Clayton Allen?’
‘Yeah. It’s that time of year.’
‘Had nothing to do with you both knowing you’d be hauled in for questioning over the Fourteenth Street bombings?’
‘Nope.’
Franklin led the questioning, with Anderson and herself looking on. They went around in circles for over an hour, then Duerden was taken to the cells to sweat for two hours while they waited on news of searches at his home and raids on the militia headquarters. 
Nothing to link in with the bombings was found at either: no C4, timers, detonators or nitro. They’d found only pipe bomb material in Allen’s garage two day’s before. Enough only to pressure over a minor charge – if they could find him.
They hauled Duerden back up. They tried bluffing, but he seemed to know already they’d found nothing. They pressured on Allen’s whereabouts, on accomplices or other explosives locations – but Duerden was a stone wall. Another hour in the cells to cool his heels, then a last fifty minute session before throwing in the towel. 
Josette finally crawled into bed at almost 9 a.m. She wasn’t due in till 6 p.m for a half shift, and practically Anderson’s last words were that he’d make sure she wasn’t disturbed meanwhile.
That was why nobody had called. 
Betty Meineck answered.
‘Betty. It’s Josey. I’ve just seen the news. Is Tony there?’
‘No. He’s upstairs right now. But Dave Haffner or Mike Vanderwert are close by.’
Upstairs meant Weaver. ‘Okay, put me on to Dave.’
Haffner quickly brought her up to speed: Panic at Philadelphia FBI the past hour, but only part of it spilled over so far to the puzzle palace. 
‘We’ve only sent two people up to Philly for now: Mazzone and Fulton. Input on any possible terrorist-bombing connection. Tony’s with Weaver right now – no doubt hearing his grand strategy plan. So pretty soon the rest of us should know.’
‘And the President? Anything beyond what’s on the news right now?’
‘No. What they’re putting out is all we’ve got. One head shot, one chest. Condition critical – but nothing more yet from the hospital.’

The intermittent subway tunnel lights flashed past Koenitz and Milner. Two city travelers among the throng.
They’d left the Penn-Bryce building separately, as they’d come in: Milner as a policeman, Koenitz as an office worker in suit and overcoat. Koenitz changed with Pascoe’s shirt, and their spare clothes were left on the elevator roof. Koenitz kept his gloves on to hide the blood, but nobody paid them much attention amongst the bedlam outside. Most of the police and service agents had headed towards the two explosions further up the street.
They re-grouped in an underground car park four blocks away which was the agreed drop-off point for their hire car. On the way Milner picked up bandages at a pharmacy and a set of gloves one size too large. Koenitz’s hand was bandaged and the gloves put on, Milner changed from his policeman’s uniform to casuals from a suitcase in the hire car trunk, and then they walked a block to the City Hall subway station.
The ropes and grapples had been dropped down the lift shaft: untraceable. The rifle was folded and packed back in the false bottom of the briefcase. 
Koenitz mopped his brow with the back of one sleeve. They’d just pulled out of the 22nd St station; next stop 30th St, then the Amtrak down to Atlanta and on to Tampa. No airport weapons x-rays. The rifle would be melted down in Tampa. 
Hopefully they’d planned well. Desperate assassins tried to jump roadblocks or catch the first flight out. They were taking the more staid, leisurely route – along with the day-trippers, pensioners, school parties and businessmen not in a rush. One man with a briefcase, one in casuals with a suitcase among the milling hundreds. It was unlikely they’d be stopped.
But still Koenitz felt uneasy. His blood was left everywhere. He had no criminal record, but he started to wonder about military files.
And the train journey would be long: fourteen hours. Already his nerves had leapt with each passing policeman or train guard. 
‘Could you tell me – what is in that briefcase?’
Koenitz’s heart pounded hard. He closed his eyes. Only the intermittent lights playing across them broke vaguely through. Thin bands of light marking each floor flashing past... hurtling through darkness. The exploding gout of blood, the final swing across – the air draft from the chasm below seeming to pull at his body.
Koenitz shuddered. His eyes opened sharply as the brighter lights of the 30th St station flickered like strobes across his eyelids.

Present around the conference table were Secretary of State William Mankiewicz, National Security Advisers Henry Calder and Gerald Dyson, Head of the Secret Service, Bradley Edrich, Mark Tindall and Andrew Landry.
Landry had convened the meeting at short notice in the Red Room. After a frantic hour of calls between them and various secret service agents, FBI and Presidential aides in Philadelphia – Landry thought it was time to condense their findings. Faster and stronger progress would be made with them all in the same room at the same time.
They spent the first ten minutes quickly running through the ground already covered by phone. Then they got to what had been discovered since.
‘We’ve just got news of fragments of two small radio detonated charges found on telegraph poles further along the street,’ Calder commented. ‘Which explains why most people thought they heard shots coming from the left. And brings our focus back to the Penn-Bryce building. 
‘When should we get news of the blood samples found there?’ Landry asked.
‘They’ve run type already: O positive. Pretty common. But we should have a full DNA analysis within the hour.’ Calder turned a page in the folder before him. ‘And some ropes, hooks and a drill have also been found at the bottom of the elevator shaft there. We’re running manufacturer traces now.’
At the end of the room, CNN news images played silently across a large screen TV. A news reporter by a cordoned crowd in front of Thomas Jefferson hospital.
Landry turned to Dyson. ‘And what’s the latest on the President’s condition?’
‘We now know for sure there’s been no visible fracture or incursion by the bullet to the skull – but possible internal damage and trauma won’t be known till the scan. The chest injury though has been more problematical, it appears...’
Landry nodded sympathetically at the right moments, the words still stinging through his mind: Just so you’re clear when it goes down, it was all for you. Maybe they’d meant something else. Surely not this? His jaw set tight. Hopefully picked up as concern more than anger as Dyson continued with his account.
He could have done without any calls the past hour, or seeing anyone now. Time to sort out the mess in his mind. But he had to act normal. Normal? What would a Vice-President do in such an emergency? Show strong resolve, hold the fort, try and filter some clarity through all the panic, establish clear lines of liaison and responsibility. Call a meeting. Yes, call a meeting.
So here they all were. And still the words seared through his mind: ‘ You want to make doubly sure we take the action you’ve guided us to these last few calls...’
Dyson was nodding towards the TV. 
‘We’ve got a twenty minute delay on any media announcements from the hospital. If the President doesn’t make it, or he might be crippled or brain-damaged – we’ll have that time to shape our own announcement.’
‘I see,’ Landry said blandly. Handling the media, giving everything the right spin. Life or death in the balance, and still it touched their every move, he thought sourly. Is that what would be at the forefront of his mind too if he had to finally step up on the rostrum and accept the Presidency? Saying the right thing. The right smile. ‘I hereby solemnly pledge...’ Hide every other emotion carefully beneath, as he’d learned to do so well through the long years. Hide it all so that nobody would guess. Nobody would know. 
‘... when it goes down, it was all for you...’ Landry laid one hand flat on the table, fought off an involuntary shudder. ‘What?... Sorry?’ 
Mark Tindall repeated himself. ‘I said: are you planning to go up there, Andy?’
‘No. I need to stay here. Take the calls, co-ordinate everything.’ The calls. Seven so far had come through on his private line, and he’d been dreading the moment that the call might come through: ‘See what we’ve done for you Andy – see just how far we’re prepared to go?’ But another part of him had been almost morbidly willing the call to come through, so that he would finally know once and for all; an end to this torment. 
Landry sighed. ‘God willing, if and when the President comes around, the only people he’ll want around for a while will be his wife and kids.’ ‘My eldest Steven is almost thirteen now, but the youngest is about your son’s age.’ Landry bit at his lip. ‘ – Not our faces.’
‘That reminds me Mr Vice President,’ Edrich interjected. ‘I should arrange for some extra security too for yourself and your family.’
In their last conversation, Edrich had informed Landry that he’d laid on extra security for the President’s wife and children, already en-route to Philadelphia.
Landry looked back levelly. None of you get it, do you? I’m the last person who would be harmed. That’s what all this is about! But by the time it went through his politician’s filter – all those years of learning control, restraint – all that came out was the right smile: understanding without condescension. 
‘Really, the last thing on my mind now is my own safety. My thoughts are only with the President.’
– The end of The Second Amendment #1 –
The Second Amendment #2
is now also available.



Books also by
John Matthews:
Past Imperfect
Ascension Day
The Last Witness
The Shadow Chaser.
